TO BE READ BY ADULTS AT LEAST 21 YEARS OF AGE

Copyright  MARCH 2008 By C.D.E.  ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form or sold for profit.  This story may be freely distributed for personal use with this notice attached.

All Characters And Events Depicted In This Story Are Purely 
Fictional.  There Is No Intention In Any Manner, To 
Represent Or Mimic, Any Real World Situations Or Persons.

Story Content:(Cuckold, MM, MF, FemDom, MDom)

WARNING: THIS STORY IS A PURE SEXUAL FANTASY.  DO NOT READ THIS STORY IF YOU ARE HOMOPHOBIC, AND/OR DO NOT LIKE READING A FICTIONAL STORY OF THE DOMINANT/CUNNING SLUT WIFE GENRE, WHERE GULLIBLE MEN ARE TRICKED/FOOLED/USED, PSYCHOLOGICALLY MANIPULATED, OCASSIONALLY FLAGELLATED, SEXUALLY DOMINATED BY THEIR BEAUTIFUL SLUT WIVES AND OCASSIONALLY BY THEIR WIVES MALE LOVERS.

TO BE READ BY ADULTS AT LEAST 21 YEARS OF AGE


Title: Hijacked Marriage 
By: C.D.E.

CAST:
Stanley - Husband
Sue - Wife
Mr. Ted Smith - Sue's Boss
Mr. Frank Stone - Stanley's Boss


	My name is Stanley and my wife's name is Sue.  We have only been married for a few months.  

	Tonight we have just returned from a company social that was hoisted by my wife's company.

	Sue introduced me to her boss Mr. Smith.  He was just as she described,  Handsome, macho, muscular and so sure of himself to the point of being egotistical.

	Another thing I did not like about him was his stated desire to fuck my wife.  The arrogant bastard told me so right in front of Sue.

	"Sue, there is no other way.  You have to quit working for him and that company and go somewhere else.  The nerve of that man saying the things he did to us.  Who does he think he is?"

	"Stanley, I-I don't know.  He said he would make it tough for us if we didn't go along with his idea.  He is rich a-and is has a lot of connections in this town.  Plus he did say he could make it tough for you.  Also, I-I don't want him to beat you up either."

	"Oh he wouldn't dare.  He was just bluffing.  And as far as him telling us we had an hour to make up our minds and that he would be over here at 11 O'Clock to bed you down, t-thats just an empty threat.  The nerve of him."

	"Stanley honey, would you suck his cock for him like he said he wanted you to, you know, to show me that you agreed for him to put it in me?"

	"Of course not!  The nerve of that egotistical bastard to say something s-so depraved.  Why I-I'm so mad that..."

	"DING DONG!"  I was cut off by the sound of the door bell.  Sue and I looked at each other with dread and horror.  It couldn't be her boss could it? It was only 10:20.  Plus, I'm sure that he just had too much too drink when he said all those horrible degrading things.

	"Stanley, d-do you think that could be h-him?"

	"Of course not."  I said with authority, trying to show confidence.

	"DING DONG!"  The door bell sounded again.

	"Oh I'll get it.  I'm sure it's just someone who's got the wrong house".  I said as I walked to open the door.

	I looked out the peep hole and I saw my boss standing there.  As I opened the door, I yelled out to my wife who it was.  I'm sure my voice had a ring of relief in it and I could tell that my wife also was relieved that it wasn't her boss.

	"Hello Stanley!  I know it's late but I wanted to come over and see you 
about something."

	"Oh come in Mr. Stone.  We just got in from a company party at my wife's company.  Sue this is my boss Mr. Frank Stone."

	"Hello Mr. Stone.  Glad to make your acquaintance."

	"Likewise dear.  You're as beautiful as I've heard you are.  No wonder my cousin wants to fuck you and knock you up."

	"C-Cousin?  K-Knock up!  E-Excuse me M-Mr. Stone, w-what are you talking about.?"

	I almost fell over as I heard my boss tell us that he was Sue's boss's cousin and came over to help out in fucking her and to keep me out of the way.

	"In fact Stanley, while your wife is being fucked by my cousin Ted, I want to break you in on how I'd like you to suck my dick.  You just look like you'd be an excellent pantywaist wimpy cocksucker."

	"W-What?"  I replied in shock.  My wife joined me by my side on the sofa.

	"Oh no!  Pls Mr. Stone, Stanley c-could n-never do anything like that a-and I-I have no intention of..."

	"DING DONG!" The door bell sounded again.  We three looked at the clock.  It was now 10:25PM.

	"That must be Ted.  He siad he'd be  early. I bet his dick is hard for you my dear.  Go open the door for him."

	"N-No way am I..."

	"Slap!"  My boss slapped my wife.  And as soon as I stood up to take him on, I was also slapped, but much harder.  I landed on the floor.

	Now Sue, you hot little bitch!  Do as you're told, or I'll beat up on your pantywaist hubby's ass.  Now do as I told you!

	O-Okay.  My wife said shaken and horrified as I laid on the floor still stunned that my boss had done what he did.

	Sue and I quickly realized I had little chance against my boss for he was at least 6 inches taller and had at least a 50 pounds on me.  

	As Sue's boss entered the room, I was at least allowed to get off the floor and regain my seat.

	Sue's Boss, entered the room with his arm around her waist and his hand on her shapely ass.  It was obvious she didn't welcome his attention.

	Sue and I both spoke out almost in unison, as we tried to get more of an explanation why we had been targeted for such depraved assaults.

	What we heard shocked us both.  The two wanted to make us both their sex slaves and and to humiliate us both in a horrendous way, pure and simple.

	The two were prepared to do us both physical harm as well as ruin us professionally if we didn't comply.

(((((((((((THE NEXT DAY))))))))))))))))

	The next morning was Saturday, so Sue and I had plenty of time to recover from the sexual assaults upon us the previous night.

	She and I were sitting at the kitchen table, each quietly lost in the shame that had been imposed on them by their experience from the assaults.

	My wife spoke first as she was eating breakfast.

	Stanley, we might as well face reality, we are in their power and have to do as we're told to do.

	S-Sue I-I s-still am s-so angry.  I-I don't know if-if I-I can just l-let them g-get away with this.  After all, my self-esteem as a man is in...

	Stanley darling, I might as well cut you off here, does a man suck dick as well as you did last night  twice, no actually, you sucked on their members 4 times.  You gave two blow jobs and cleaned the fuck slime off their dicks twice.

	P-Please Sue, d-don't remind me.  T-They f-forced me.  I-I didn't have a choice b-but to suc, er do them.

	You sure could've fooled me.  But anyway, honey, I have to confess that even though I didn't want to happen what did happen, but I have to tell you, those two gave me two fuckings that dreams are made of.  They really are good using their dicks.  I hate to say it Stanley, but they both were so much better than you.

	S-Sue h-how c-could you say such hurtful things?

	I don't mean to hurt your feelings darling, but I definitely could use more fuckings like my boss and your boss gave me.  And another thing Stanley, I just loved the way you sucked their heavy loads of semen out of my pussy.  It was heavenly.  They told you that you have to do it each time they fuck me.  And I might as well tell you right now, I'm looking forward to having you suck their cum out too.

	S-Sue y-you can't mean t-that.

	I sure do Stanley.  I know it maybe a bit wicked and naughty, but hearing and feeling you draw out all their freshly deposited spend, and knowing you were swallowing it, really sent an erotic thrill through me.

	I-I can't b-believe y-you m-mean...

	I do darling, I really do.  And face it Stanley, you know you don't have what it takes to stand up to either of them, least of all both of them. And Stanley, please remember, I do still love you very much, no matter that I'll be enjoying the delicious fuckings that they will be giving me.

	S-Sue y-you c-can't, y-you're my w-wife a-and...

	Yes I am your wife, but you heard what my boss said,  remember?
	
	Y-Yes I-I did.

	Tell me then.

	I-I d-don't want to repeat it.

	Do it Stanley, it'll be good for you mentally.

	I-I c-can't do...

	Dammit Stanley!  Do it!

	O-Okay.  Y-You're his woman now.

	That's better honey, now doesn't it feel batter now that you got it out?

	Oh S-Sue, I-I can't believe t-this is-is happening to...

	Believe it darling, it is.  And you know what else Stanley, I feel so much more like a woman than I ever have before.  I guess that's what happen after you've been on the receiving end of the dicks of real men.  Oops there I go again inadvertently trouncing on your self-esteem again honey.  I don't mean to be harsh or to ridicule you Stanley, but it's obvious that you know that the wonderful sex Frank and Ted gave me was better than you could ever dream of giving me, especially with your little prick.  Right?

	SIGH!  I-I g-guess so Sue, b-but...

	And another thing honey, it looks like my boss is serious about me having babies from him for our family.

	I-I j-just c-can't believe...

	Believe it honey.  Cause I feel excited about being bred by him and delivering all his babies.  I know this all such a shock to you darling, but I just know you'll get accustomed to it all.  Like he said, they see you as a non-confrontational type person who can easily adjust rather than cause any waves.

	W-Well I-I don't like c-conflict a-and confusion, b-but that is no reason f-for them to treat m-me like a doormat.

	As I said, you'll get use to it dear.  Just like I see you getting use to not    getting to put it in for a long time.  You heard what my boss told you.	

	Surely h-he can't mean h-he will reconsider again in 5 years.  T-That's r-ridiculous.

	Are you going to tell him that?

	Gulp!  L-Look Sue, c-considering how prone to violence they are, w-would you mind a-approaching him o-on my behalf s-so I-I can get some.  I-If I-I have to use a condom, t-that'll be fine.  P-Please.

	Because I love you dear, I'll try, but I don't want to make any promises.

	I-I understand.  T-Thanks dear.

	And remember, Stanley, masturbation is a form of sex and perfectly acceptable for you to do to get relief.  You know you're very skilled at it.  Remember how well your mom taught you? Hee! Hee!

	Oh Sue, y-you didn't have to bring that up.  Y-Yes she taught me well s-so I-I wouldn't be tempted to get any girls in trouble when I was a teen.

	You must've forgot she told me that she required you to do it until we met and got married, because she wanted you to carry your virginity down the aisle. You were 23 then. Remember, we were two virgins when we got wed.

	I-I remember so well.

	All I meant honey was that I demand that you honor your marital vows and be faithful to me, even though I won't, or in reality, can't be.  And since you won't be getting any, it'll be quite all right for you to jack off.  And in addition, I think it would be better if I watch you play with yourself."

	SIGH!  Y-You c-can't really mean that?

	Yes, I do darling.  In fact when your mom and dad finds out about this arrangement we have been forced into, I'm quite sure she'll agree with me.  I can judge by how much jism you shoot whether you've been faithful.  After all, you know you're not good for more than one good come a week.

	SIGH!  S-Sue, I-I can't believe y-you're say...

	"Stanley darling, our marriage has changed.  You have to accept the changes just as I have too.  We have two bulls who have claimed us as their heifers.  We both are going to be recipients of their semen, whether we like it or not.  

	"Apparently we are going to have our family populated by my boss, and I suspect your boss is not going to want to be left out either, so we have to think about that too. But anyway, the bottom line is that both of us, and especially you Stanley, have to be a good daddy and provider to their children. Therefore honey, we have to stick together as we go on this journey.  That's also why I have to depend on your faithfulness to me."

	"I-I see."  I meekly replied to my wife as she put things in the context she did.

	
((((TALKING WITH MY FAMILY))))))))

	"Well Stanley, here in Phantomville, it's not uncommon for real men who have bull egos and bull balls and dicks to match, to hijack a marriage and do what your bosses are doing to you and Sue.  She's correct, it's pretty much a done deal.  Your best bet is to accept and adapt to the changes they have imposed on you two.  Many hijacked husbands have adapted to their plight, and have found that it's not all that difficult being ruled by a better man in the marriage."  Mother said in a serious matronly fashion.

	"And son, from what you've told us, it appears that your wife Sue has adapted a little better than you have.  How long has it been since your subjugation started?"  Asked my father.

	"Three weeks tomorrow.  A-And yes Sue really seems to be enjoying t-the great sex our bosses have been giving her.  My boss uses a rubber w-when he fucks her.  Her boss gets her unprotected and raw s-since he's working on inseminating her.  I-I've never had her unprotected, since we've always used condoms for protection."  I replied softly with a cracking voice and watery eyes.

	"Stanley, now, now, there is no need to cloud up or cry.  Sue has told me she still loves you very much, despite she's reveling in the super fuckings she's been getting.  And we know there was not much you could do, you know, with you being the soft and mild mannered mama's boy you are.  So don't blame yourself, or feel guilty.  Capitulating and surrendering to those two studs was best for you anyway.  Mommy doesn't want her baby hurt.  Mother said as she hugged and kissed me on the forehead.  

	And By the way Stanley, Sue told us that she really is appreciative that you are more comfortable sucking up all the sperm that Ted  her boss  deposits in her pussy.  Mother said. 

	"She feels that you have gotten to like eating the fuck slime out of her gash but don't won't to admit it.  Added father grinning.

	And she also told us you have really become good at sucking their dicks and drinking down all their ejaculations.  She says both your bosses have told her, for the last week or so, you've swallowed every drop and don't choke or gag like you did when they first started fucking your face.  You should be proud of being able to have learned to eat cream pies and suck cocks so well as you have in such a short period of time.  Mother said in a congratulatory and boastful tone.


(((((FOUR MONTHS LATER: Stanley & Sue Visit Stanley's Parents))))

	Yes Mother Nelson, I'm so very proud of the progress Stanley has made in accepting and adjusting to his proper place in our marriage over the last 4 months, and especially so now that I'm pregnant with Ted's baby.  My wife said, speaking gleefully to mother, all the while rubbing her swollen belly.

	I was sitting next to her on the love seat, and we were holding hand and cuddled up to each other, presenting a perfect image of a couple very much in love.

	And so are we Sue.  I'm so glad my Stanley has stopped stressing himself out over what he should and should not be doing, or what is right or wrong for him. Instead, he has finally realized that you and the real men in your marriage will make all those decisions for him.  All he has to do, is do as he's told.

	You are so right Mother Nelson.  Stanley was worried about feeling humiliated because he had to suck all Ted's cum out of my jism soaked cunt after Ted fucked me.  It took time, but Stanley realized that that was one of his new husbandly duties, so he might as well get accustomed to it, and take any perceived  humiliation in stride. And since he's had to do it, he's found it wasn't that awful and that my cummy creamy hair pie was tasty at that.  Isn't that right honey?

	Y-Yes dear, it is good.  I replied meekly.

	Yes Mother Nelson, it was very good to hear my husband tell me he liked eating the sperm of a real man from my twat. And he's so good at it too.  And I know it's wicked, but I am thrilled that Stanley also is very comfortable sucking and getting fucked by my boss too, the same man that has knocked me up.

	I know what you mean, cause it's quite an ecstatic feeling to hear him nosily sucking up my pussy after his father has fucked me.  Thank you so much dear daughter-in-law for suggesting that we use Stanley to suck us clean after fucking.

	Yes, my boy may not be much in the man department, but I have to admit he's a damn good cocksucker and is a great piece of ass too.  Your bosses taught him well.  My dad added with a broad smile on his face.

	All I could do was smile and blush at dad's open admission of his compliment about my being a good fuck.

	Yes, Stanley's dad and I always suspected that our baby was a bit of a sissy at heart.  But we are rather pleased that Stanley is happy now that he has become such an outstanding dick sucker and cum drinker and an easy piece of ass for men. Mother said with a broad grin.

	Yes he has.  In fact I see it as such a wonderful thing that Ted and Frank have broken him in on their dicks, and those of other men too.  Stanley really delights in having all that hard dick meat between his lips and doesn't mind in the least getting fucked in his ass-pussy.  Added my wife in a sweet tone.

	She went on to tell how I even cooked Ted and Frank's favorite meals and eagerly went to bed with them as their hot ass bitch when they desired it.  I sat by quietly as she talked.

	What she said is true.  I had come to see that Ted and Frank weren't as bad a set of guys as I originally thought.  Sure they have browbeat and forced me into doing so many things that would be humiliating and degrading for a real man.  But as they have convinced me, perfectly natural for a dominated husband like me.  And I have come around to seeing their position on that matter.  And also have come to respect them for the "real men" they are.  I have accepted that compared to them, I am truly a pantywaist and that  there was merit in them doing what they did by taking over my wife, me, and our marriage.

	What helped open my eyes was when Frank, my boss, sat me down for a man to husband talk.

	He calmly explained to me that even though he and his cousin were predatory in taking advantage of me and my wife, he got me to see that if they worked at it, they could probably turn my wife against me if they wished and leave me completely out of the picture.

	We don't want that, do we Stanley?

	I simply nodded my head from side to side.  As he didn't seem to need an answer from me anyway.

  	Even though you have to suck her used slimy pussy after we fuck her good, you could end up not having any pussy to eat at all if she left you.  And I know you love her and want to by her side, even if she becomes an incubator for our babies.

	I wanted to say something, but found it hard to do so.  But mentally, I had to admit he was right.

	He next stated his case why I should not resist being submissive and servile to him and his cousin.  He did so in a very methodical and logical manner.  I was force to concede that he had made a strong case, and a very convincing argument for me to be subservient to the two brawny well hung men, and accept them as masters of my house and marriage.

	Good decision, Stanley.  It's what's right for you and your wife.  My boss said after I sighed loudly and softly told him I would surrender to his, and his cousin's will.

	Now Stanley, it's only been a week since we've hijacked your wife and marriage, but you should already know from what Sue has told you, she really enjoys the good fucks we've been giving her. Now she's been stretched so that your little thing won't give her any real pleasure anyway, as if it did anyway.  She told us your tongue always pleased her more than your bird size prick anyway.

	Well anyway, cutting to the chase, we have decided that her pussy is off limits to you except to suck, and that's after we fuck it.  Understand?

	Y-Yes sir.  I replied softly.

	And she told us all about how you're very good at jacking off, so that won't be a problem for you to do for 5 years until we review whether you'll be allowed to get some from your wife again.  Cause we are in total agreement with her, no other women allowed for you.  Understand?

	Y-Yes sir.  I again replied softly.

	Good.  And in addition, you're going to be required to suck our dicks whenever we tell you too.  So you might as well get use to being mouth fucked often and swallowing a lot of jism.  Okay?

	SIGH!  O-Okay.  I replied softly with a sigh of resignation.

	Stanley, from the few times you've already been forced to suck our dicks in the last week, you're a very promising cocksucker.  I know you've asked why are we degrading you this way, in addition to making your wife our slut?  Well the short answer is that it makes Ted and I feel good and boost our egos.  And as our little cocksucking sissy bitch, you'll better respect us and appreciate the good dick your wife is enjoying.

	Now Stanley, we know you're gone through a lot in just a week.  Ted and I fully understand.  So now that we see that you also understand that you're a mama's boy and a pantywaist and are going to be cooperative, we're going to take it easy with you and work slowly to help you become skillful at mouthing our big dicks and swallowing our thick slimy loads.  Okay?

	O-Okay.  I replied softly, feeling totally capitulated to the humiliation that was sure to be my fate.

	Frank next had me slide to the floor on my knees.  He next directed to unfasten his pants, as well as pull down his shorts to expose his very manly cock.

	Knowing I didn't have a choice, I did as he ordered me and soon I was staring at his very sizable and slowly swelling and lengthening penis.  He did have a magnificent dick, there was no doubt about that.

	Now Stanley, softly stroke my dick with one hand and caress my balls with your other one.  That's it, you're doing fine, just fine.  You gonna make us a fine bitch.  Anybody tell you have girlish hands?

	Y-Yes sir. I said blushing a beet red.

	No need to be shame cause you're a girlie boy.  I like that just fine.  Now I want you to kiss and lick my hairy nut sac.  Yes!  Yes!  That's it lick 'em real good.  Show your respect to the men who'll be fucking your wife, but won't let you do so.

	His words burned my ears, but I knew I had to do as he directed me. Actually, it wasn't that bad licking his soft hot hairy nut sac.  Even though I've only had to suck their dicks three times in the last week, they both had me trained to nuzzle and lick their big balls before sucking them off to completion.

	Just as before, my boss had me move up from his nuts and lap up his thick rigid cock shaft and finally to the crown of his dick head and pee slit, which I've been taught to flit my tongue for a while before engulfing the taunt swollen shiny dick head and to slowly suckle his very manly tool.

	Within a few minutes after a slow and steady rhythmic suckling, my boss held the back of my head and and ejaculated a very heavy hot gooey load of semen in my mouth.

	He let me know that he was taking it easy on me because he wasn't jamming his hard dick to back of my throat, but just shooting off in the front of my mouth until I got at better swallowing.  His load was indeed copious.

	I thanked him mentally for taking it easy on me, for I wasn't sure how I could swallow or keep from choking if his big dick head was further down my throat.

	My wife -  who also was not skilled at cocksucking before - and I have been comparing notes on sucking Ted and Frank's big dicks, since sucking dicks is new to us both.

	Sue likes the taste of their hot creamy rich semen, and the more I suck out and taste the stuff, I've had to agree with her that the hot slimy stuff is very palatable, whether from her sloppy messy cunt or spurting from their dicks.

	Over the last couple of days, my wife has been very helpful in getting me to see that my love for her requires me to be submissive and subservient to Frank and Ted and submit to their wishes, no matter hot lewd and lustful.

	Honey, you'll do well, no matter much they humiliate you.  They're naturally superior to you, and with you being the inferior pantywaist you are, you'll settle down and become accustomed to being a pussy boy for them.  Darling, no matter that they'll have you sucking their dicks as well as their spend from my cunt, or licking their big balls as they fuck me, or working hard to raise the babies they put in me, you'll still be my loving husband, and I'll love and respect you all the same.

	Her words made me feel very contented as to our literal enslavement to our bosses.

#END#



	

	 

	

	

	 


	 


