Water Park Turns Sexy
by ShareMySecret

PUBLIC PLEASURE AT AMUSEMENT PARK

Girl finds a way to scratch her exhibitionist itch.

This is a sequel to "Water Park Turns Sexy". The motivations developed in that story are referenced here, so you might find it more enjoyable to read that one first.

******

After my time at the waterpark, I found I liked to show off just a bit. Mostly I satisfied this with more revealing clothing and giving the occasional down blouse view to a lucky guy. Once I went to one of those shoe stores where the clerk fits shoes for you and wore a short skirt with some racy panties for the salesman, but he either didn't notice or pretended not to.

I really wanted to do more, but I was also afraid of getting caught. The first time (at the water park) looked like just any accident, so there was no way for me to get into trouble. Nothing I tried gave a thrill anything like being exposed in front of all those people, but I didn't want to risk getting arrested or something. I studied for and became a teacher... one offense like that and my career was over. I also didn't want a reputation as a slut or a freak or anything with my friends. Honestly, I felt like a bit of a deviant for wanting what I did. The whole thing was embarrassing, so I was left perpetually frustrated. Until, that is, I heard about the adults-only night at an amusement park.

I heard about it from a girl I knew at the gym. It was about 50 miles away, so I figured almost nobody I knew would be there. The usual guests would leave that day at 4pm. At 5, the park would reopen only for the 21+ crowd. You show your ID at the gate, pay $100 for your admission, then get unlimited rides and beer until midnight. There was even a shuttle bus from the town I lived in. She even mentioned that last year, when she'd gone, it had gotten a little wild and a couple girls had flashed their tits on a roller coaster. I figured this was the perfect opportunity to set up some "wardrobe malfunctions" without worrying about anyone getting too upset or accidentally flashing some kids our anything. They even had an attached water park that would be open until sunset.

I bought my ticket and began planning. I figured that, with this place having a small water park attached, I could basically go for a repeat of what happened last time. I bought a new bikini for the big day, a pink string bikini that showed of quite a bit even before it would "accidently" come off. The top had a single tie in the back and the bottom had ties on each hip. A bright pink bikini that showed plenty of cleavage was sure to get me noticed, so I knew I'd have an audience when the moment came.

My anticipation grew as the day neared. I fantasized about what it would be like to show off again and was horny almost constantly as these fantasies played in my head the day before. Finally, I got on the shuttle bus wearing my bikini under my clothes and arrived at the park.

I had looked online earlier and found that the waterpark would close at sunset, so I figured I'd head there first. I got a locker just inside the main gates and put my purse, my shorts, and my t shirt in it, leaving me with just my pink bikini and white sandals. I pinned the locker key to my bikini bottoms and hopped in the sky chairs to the other end of the park, where the water park was. My fantasies ran wild as I rode over. I imagined getting to the bottom of a water slide with my top having "accidently" come off. A crowd of horny guys would be starting at my naked tits. Or would it be my bottoms that came off? Or would I be completely naked? Exposed head to toe for them to see, and to remember later when they were getting themselves off. I shuddered in anticipation as the chair returned to the ground and I stepped off.

I walked the rest of the way to the water park entrance. Every person I saw had me wondering, "will this be someone who sees me?" I walked right up to the entryway before I saw the sign: "water park closed for maintenance."

I stood and stared at the sign, feeling completely deflated. My whole plan was derailed, my fantasies were to go unfulfilled. The water slides had been the perfect opportunity to show off risk-free, no chance of getting in trouble for deliberately exposing myself, and now it wasn't going to happen. Dejected, I walked back to the chair lift and got on so I could get my purse and clothes from my locker.

Inspirations struck as I was riding. I liked the element of the "accidental" exposure from the waterslide. I wanted to be seen, but I was nervous about overtly showing myself. If I could plausibly claim that it happened as an accident, I felt like I couldn't get into trouble. Smiling to myself, I loosened the ties on my bottoms. I slid the string between two wood slats of the seat so that it would pull a bit on the string as I got off the chair at the bottom. I figured this would be enough of a pull (since I had loosened both strings) to leave me uncovered and scrambling to get my pussy covered up as the guys at the end of the chairlift watched.

The butterflies in my stomach threatened to burst out as I got close. I was moments away from my exposure, and I could feel myself getting wet already. Just before it was time to get off, I noticed that the line for the chairlift was completely full of college-age guys... maybe a frat that had all come together? The size of the audience made me question what I was doing, but there was no time to change my mind.

The two employees were on either side of the chair and lifted the bar up so I could get out. I slid forward in the seat and tried to get out, but the string caught more than I expected. My feet were on the ground, but I couldn't get out of the seat. My foot caught on something, and before I knew it, I was on my belly on the ground with the chair gliding over me. There was a mixture of laughs and concerned noises from the line, but they quickly changed to whistles and hoots. I looked up and saw the chair I had been on rounding the corner and rising upward, my bikini bottom still hanging onto the seat. I looked down and confirmed that I was, in fact, naked except my bikini tops.

As my bikini bottoms travelled farther, all sense of arousal was drowned out by panic.

"Stop! Stop the chair!" I yelled.

The operator, spellbound, took a moment to respond before hitting a button and stopping the chairs. I ran toward the chair, already up in the air, to retrieve my bikini, covering front and back as I did. The chair was too high. Even with a jump, I didn't stand a chance of reaching. I looked around frantically and saw a small ladder.

"Please help me! Can you get on that ladder and grab my bikini for me?" I asked the two guys operating the ride.

The gave each other a look that seemed to express something devious, before one of them said "Yes, of course, Miss," and carried the ladder over.

He climbed up onto the ladder but stopped only 3 steps up. After a feeble attempt to grab my swimsuit, he said, "Sorry, it's too high." This got a laugh from the guys in line.

"Climb up higher, then!" I said, exasperated.

"Sorry, but workplace rules say we can't go up higher than the 3rd step. Some kind of liability thing." He answered. "I guess you could try, if you want to."

"Fine," I answered, and walked to the ladder. As I reached it, I realized what was happening. I couldn't cover myself and climb the ladder at the same time.

"Fuck it," I breathed to myself, then dropped both hands and climbed onto the ladder. The guys in line started their whistling immediately, and the employee who had brought out the ladder immediately got into position below me.

"I'll keep it steady for you," he said. I looked back over my shoulder to see that he was all smiles, staring up and my naked ass and pussy. It was at this moment that I remembered that I had done this on purpose (well, sort of). I had wanted these guys to see me. I wanted to turn them on with the sight of my naked cunt. I felt a flush across my body, and a rush of arousal.

I climbed the ladder but made no hurry of it. I relished the attention, imagining how many of these guys were going to go home and jerk off thinking of me. By the time I reached the top, I could feel my pussy getting noticeably wetter.

I reached up for my bikini. Just as it was within my grasp, though, the chair above me moved and took my chance to cover myself with it.

"Stop!" I yelled.

"Sorry, they must have started it from the other end," the guy at the control panel told me. He couldn't disguise his smile. I couldn't tell if he was lying or not, but he was clearly enjoying my predicament.

I started to descend the ladder again. My helper, holding the ladder at the bottom, stayed at his post until my feet hit the ground so that I had to squeeze between him and the ladder. Their wasn't much space, and my bare ass rubbed against his shirt and pants as I climbed down.

I covered myself again and walked the short distance back to the control area.

"I guess I'll just stay here until my bikini comes around again," I told the employees. "Do you have anything I could cover up with?"

One of them looked around half-heartedly, then looked back to me and shrugged. "Nope. Sorry," he said.

He called for the next rider in line so he could keep loading people, but nobody came. Seems everybody had decided to stay on this side of the park for the time being. Looking over at the line, I saw that nearly every guy there had his phone out to take pictures of me. Nothing was visible at this point, but I wondered how many pictures and videos they'd taken as I climbed the ladder, and how many of those would be available online forever.

The mixture of humiliation and arousal I felt at that thought didn't make my current situation any easier. One hand was covering my pussy, the other my ass. They were both so close to my rapidly engorging clit... I had to fight the urge to rub myself.

After what seemed like a long time with no sign of my bikini coming back, I asked one of the employees if he could radio the other side to see when it was coming. The radio callback indicated they had seen the bikini and taken it off to put in their lost and found.

"Well, tell them to send it back!" I exclaimed.

"Ummm..." he fumbled. "Actually, we have a policy that nobody but the property owner can remove it from the lost and found. Once it's there, employees can't take it out. You'll have to go collect it yourself."

This seemed like a lie, but I didn't see that I had a lot of options, except... my locker! I could go get my clothes from my locker ... except that the key to the locker was pinned to my bikini bottoms. Fuck.

"Fine," I said, "Help me get on the next chair and I'll go get it."

"No cuts!" Someone from the line yelled. "You're going to have to get in line like everybody else!"

Again, this was obviously a rouse, as nobody had been interested in riding a moment ago, but what else could I do? I walked around and got into the switchbacks with all the frat boys. Everybody in line openly stared. I guess the guys in front had decided to take one for the team by leaving the naked girl and getting on the chairs to delay my departure for their friends.

Guys were chatting me up left and right. On top of that, several of them brushed their hands against my arms, back, and tummy. I even felt a slight tuck at my bikini top once. I quickly brushed away the offending hands, then returned my hands to their positions quickly after realizing I had (yet again) exposed my pussy to these guys.

More guys got in line behind me, though I was pretty sure I recognized some of them from the front of the line earlier. Had they made it to the other side of the park and then run back for another chance to see me? They were mostly crude and obnoxious, but it did make me feel even sexier.

At some point, the guy in front of me in line stepped between me and the worst offenders and told them to keep their hands to themselves.

"Sorry about them," he said. "These guys are usually ok; they're just a little drunk right now."

He introduced himself as Alex. He was about 6 feet tall, wearing swim trunks without a shirt, and was in terrific shape. I generally don't care too much about muscles on a guy, but this one was pretty sexy. I was also half naked and already horny, so maybe it wasn't really about him.

Finally, it was almost my turn. Alex got into position to get on a chair by himself, then walked over and softly said something to the employee helping people on, then handed him something.

"Miss," the employee called to me, "Since there's a line, we aren't doing any singles. You'll have to ride with this guy." He motioned to where Alex was standing, ready to get on a chair.

Another obvious setup, but Alex was cute and I was feeling it, so I walked over quickly and we got on the chair together. I took my hands away from my body to get onto the seat and pull the bar down as Alex took every second he could to see my smooth, shaved pussy. I wondered how much he had paid the employee to get on a seat with me. My enjoyment over having this guy and all the others see me hadn't diminished. I could feel my pussy lips slide wetly past each other as I wiggled into position on the seat.

"Quite the predicament," Alex commented as we started to rise up.

I wondered idly how much of me was visible from below, through the slats of the chair. A quick look below gave me my answer, as I saw some of the guys I'd been in line with had peeled off and were walking along under the chair, taking pictures from underneath.

"Understatement of the century," I answered as I shifted to slide my free hand under my butt, hiding it from view from below.

As I moved, I felt my top shift more than it should have. Maybe one of the guys had loosened it while I was in line waiting? More than one had put his hands on my back. Had they tried to strip off my last remaining clothing in line, only to be foiled by the knot that held the top together?

Not wanting to move either of my hands, I asked, "Could you look at the ties for my top? It feels loose. Last thing I need is to lose that, too."

"Yeah. Sure thing," Alex answered.

I turned away from him so he could see what he was doing, then felt his hand on the strings. He manipulated them for a minute before saying, "It's a pretty messed up knot. I don't think I can fix it."

Typical guy: can't figure out how to work the straps.

"Fine, I'll do it," I said, and squeezed my legs together as I moved my hands away and reached behind me. The guys below me kept right on taking pictures or videos, and I was sure they were getting some shots of my ass through the slats.

Alex noticed the guys below us, too, and said, "Here, I'll help you cover up so those guys can't get your picture."

Before I knew what he meant, Alex put an arm around me pulling me toward him and up off the seat slightly while sliding his other hand under my ass, then set me back down so I was sitting on his hand. I was already too surprised to say anything, and then he put his free hand between my legs and covered my pussy. As horny as I was, I was certain he could feel my wetness.

I stared at him, wide-eyed for a moment, then said, "thanks," and went back to work on my top. Without being able to see what I was doing, it seemed hopeless.

"Fuck," I said. "I can't do it without being able to see the knot." With that, I pulled the knot to the front to finish untying it. This moved the cups to the back and left by breasts exposed. I didn't think that, as high as we were now, anybody on the ground could get much of a view. Alex certainly got an eyeful, though.

"You're so fucking sexy," he said, not taking his eyes off my tits.

"Thanks," I answered, not sure what else to say.

I kept working at the knot and finally got it undone. Just as I untied it, Alex chimed in with, "Your pussy is so wet. You must be horny as fuck right now." As he said it, his finger slipped slightly between my pussy lips and slid up and down over my very wet cunt.

I was so caught off guard that I dropped the string. The top slipped down my back and fell right through the slats of the seat. Now I was completely naked and riding a chairlift with a guy who was very nearly finger fucking me. The now familiar wave of panic, humiliation, and arousal washed over me again... but he wasn't wrong. I had gotten a lot more than I bargained for already, but I wasn't ready to be done with it!

"I am horny as fuck right now," I answered, practically growling at him.

He didn't need any more encouragement. He immediately slipped his finger into my pussy and started pumping in and out. Simultaneously, he pulled his other hand out from under my ass and grabbed my breast, bringing his mouth down on the nipple and sucking eagerly. Instantly, it was erect and every suckle sent tingles shooting through my chest. I sat back to enjoy the ride.

As the chair moved on, Alex kept doing what he was doing. It felt good, but it wasn't really building. I was so hot, but starting to get frustrated. Alex didn't really seem to know what he was doing.

"More," I moaned quietly.

He stopped for a moment, then I felt a second finger go into me. I was stretched out more, but it didn't do much for me. He must have sensed I wasn't satisfied, because a moment later I felt a third finger go in and it hurt.

"Ouch!" I cried out.

Alex stopped moving entirely.

"You want this pussy?" I asked, staring intensely at him.

Alex nodded.

"Then show it some fucking respect and rub my clit."

I had never talked this way to a guy I'd been fooling around with. The frustration wasn't new... there was no shortage of guys who thought the way to pleasure a woman was to just stick as many fingers in as possible. This was the first time I'd told anybody to knock it off, though, and to give me what I wanted. Despite my earlier feelings of vulnerability at being naked in public, now I felt something else. I felt powerful. I was a fucking Amazon and I was going to get what I wanted.

Alex, for his part, obeyed instructions and started rubbing my clit. With all the arousal and stimulation so far, it was intense. I squirmed in the chairlift, wiggling my butt to the front of the chair and putting my feet up, my legs spread wide. I could feel my first orgasm building fast and before I knew it, I was cumming like a geyser. I sprayed down to the ground and could hear the impact when it hit, along with a few incredulous noises. The guys from earlier must have still been down there, but I just closed my eyes and let my landmark orgasm ripple through me. My whole body convulsed in place for what felt like hours.

As it subsided, I put my own hand on my clit (Alex had removed his as he watched me cum) and started to rub. A second orgasm was already building. Alex went back to work on my nipples as I rubbed faster and faster.

We were both startled when the motion of the chair changed abruptly. I opened my eyes to see that we were nearly at the other end of the sky chair, rocking back and forth about 10 feet off the ground. The guys who had been ahead of me in line seemed to have waited for me and gathered an extra 20 or 30 people who were all staring at me.

My sense of power instantly vanished, replaced with panic and embarrassment, especially as I started to count all the phones aimed at me. I crossed my legs and covered my breasts with my hands.

"Let us down!" I called to the operator.

"Sorry, miss," he said, giving a sideways glance to the guys I'd seen taking pictures of me from below. Apparently, they had run ahead to beat us here.

"These guys reported seeing something leaking from your chair. We don't want to risk running it through the machinery at the end until we've inspected everything thoroughly."

Alex decided to chime in at this point. "The chair's fine. I just made her cum while we were riding and she squirted all over the place."

This caused a stir. Members of the crowd that had gathered (and which was growing) laughed, murmured, and whistled.

"Is that true, miss?" The chairlift employee asked. "Did you squirt all over the place?"

I'm not dumb. I knew that they knew exactly what had happened, and just wanted to make me say it. Maybe they thought it would be sexy to make me admit it, or maybe they wanted to embarrass me. I didn't believe for a second that they were worried about something leaking from the chair.

A moment earlier, I had felt powerful. These boys were trying to take charge of the situation, and that wasn't going to work for me. I decided to play along, but also to take back control. And, if I'm honest, I was also just out-of-my-mind horny.

"That's right," I answered. "I squirted like crazy. I'll prove it to you!"

With that, I pulled my feet back up to the seat, spread my legs, and stated rubbing my clit again.

"Get back to work," I whispered to Alex. "Suck on my nipples and finger me with ONE finger."

Alex didn't hesitate, and the people gathered lost their minds.

I knew it wouldn't take long to orgasm a 2nd time with all of these eyes on me. I hadn't realized it, but this was what I wanted all along. Not just to be seen, but to be seen as I came. Not even the dozens of phones pointed at me gave me pause at this point -- there was nothing that was going to stop me now.

I was getting close. Alex pumped his finger in and out, gradually picking up speed, but still being gentle about it. I could feel my juices running out of my pussy and dribbling down my ass. I told him to put in a 2nd finger, and he immediately obeyed. The extra pressure against my pussy walls was just what I needed and I felt myself reaching the edge. I held off as long as I could, wanting both to savor the moment and to built this up as high as I could.

I always close my eyes when I cum. I don't do it consciously, but whether I'm with a guy or by myself it just happens. This time, though, I didn't even blink. I looked right back at these people, watching me get off like this. I looked them right in the eyes. Just as I hit my mark, I caught sight of a girl about my age wearing the tan polo of the park employees. Despite the drab attire, she was quite pretty. She was also tugging at her nipples through the polo, biting her lip, and staring intently at my body, on display for everyone. I watched her as she watched my pussy and I came.

When you ride a roller coaster, there's that moment at the top of the first big hill. The anticipation has built, you're moving down but not quite to the gut-wrenching drop. You're just hanging there. That's how I felt. I stopped rubbing my clit and for just a moment, everything went dark and quiet. Then a wave of ecstasy unlike anything I've ever felt flew through me, starting at my clit and exploding outward.

I looked down to see my pussy covering Alex's hand and arm with hot ejaculate. He removed his fingers and my spray shot out toward the crowd. I rubbed ferociously at my clit, desperate to make this feeling last and felt another burst. I heard myself make a low grunt that didn't even sound human and shot out once more.

I continued rubbing my clit, slowing and with decreasing pressure. As I became aware of my surroundings again, I was assaulted with cheers, shouts, and applause. My body convulsed again as the last ripple of my climax passed through me.

With that, the chair began to move again and the people watching began to boo the operator. I spotted the girl who had watched me so lustfully at the controls. She brought us in close to the terminal, then stopped the chair about 5 feet off the ground. Without a word, she walked straight over to the chair, her face at the same height as my still-exposed pussy. She stopped just inches away from my gaping, dripping cunt, then looked up at my face.

I looked her in the eyes and nodded slightly. Without a second thought, she leaned in and began licking all around my vagina. She ran her tongue up one lip, then down the other, around and around and then inserted her tongue and repeated the maneuver from the inside. The sensation was exquisite, and I leaned back in the chair to enjoy myself.

Alex reached over to touch my clit but the girl grabbed his hand and moved it away. He instead moved his hand up to my breast and squeezed. This time, I grabbed his hand and removed it from my body.

"It's her turn," I said to him. "Time for you to get down."

Alex, still under the spell apparently, did what he was told and jumped down to the ground. Now we were alone, albeit surrounded by a crowd of people who had moved in close to get a better view.

The girl, whose name I didn't even know, moved to licking my clit. She alternated between light circles around the outside and firm, broad-tongued lapping straight up across. My breathing got fast and hard, turning to a noisy pant as I once again built toward orgasm. I pinched my nipples and gently tugged on them, moaning loudly.

The girl at my pussy stopped suddenly and asked, "Will you cum for me?"

"Yes!" I answered, in a guttural tone that sounded as unfamiliar as my animal moaning from earlier. "I want to cum for you! Make me cum for you!"

She went back to my clit and inserted two fingers into my vagina, rubbing firmly at the roof as she continued her light circle/firm lap pattern with her tongue.

"I want to cum for you. I want to cum for you. I want to cum for you!" I repeated this until, without warning, I was thrown violently into orgasm.

"I'm coming for you!" I shouted. "I'm coming for you!"

I looked down to see her getting drenched in my juices as they blasted out of me, but she didn't relent. She kept working her fingers in my pussy and her tongue on my clit. I couldn't tell you if I came multiple times, one after another, or if it was one continuous orgasm, but I felt pure and true bliss for what felt like an eternity. After several more squirts, I must have been completely emptied out, but I continued to feel my pussy spasm and gape, waves of orgasm coursing through me long after I ran out of fluid. Tears streamed down my face as I kept panting and repeating, "I'm coming for you" in an increasingly hoarse whisper.

When she finally (minutes later? Hours?) let me stop orgasming, she looked me in the eyes, her face dripping with my cum, and said, "Thank you." She leaned back in and kissed me gently all around my pussy lips and on my upper thighs, then held out her hands to me. I took them and she pulled gently, helping me slide off the chair and drop down.

She led me slowly through the crowd toward the control station. Hands reached out from all sides to touch me. They squeezed my breasts and my ass. I could feel fingers seeking out my pussy and running across my asshole. The girl kept up a creepingly slow pace, giving everyone near me ample time to touch me, and I didn't deny anyone the opportunity. I felt about these people the way I feel about a lover after we finish -- those last touches can feel more intimated than the sex itself. I reveled in the sensation of dozens of hands from all around me touching, caressing, pinching, stroking, and grabbing. I felt fingers slide in and out of me, a few strokes from one hand, then a few strokes from another. I welcomed them all.

More ripples echoed through me as I walked, oblivious to the passage of time.

At last, we reached the control area for the chairlift and I saw my biking there waiting for me. Someone must have retrieved the top that had fallen. She placed the top on my breasts, then moved around behind me to tie the straps. She tied the broken straps of the bottoms back together, then bent down in front of me and helped me into them. She pulled them up to my thighs, then leaned in and kissed my vulva one last time before sliding them up the rest of the way.

She pulled a pen and notepad out of her pocket and wrote something down, then tore off the paper and pressed it into my hands.

"Call me," she said, and I nodded and smiled, still feeling intoxicated from my experience. "You'd better go get your stuff and head out in case someone called the cops."

She helped me back onto a chair, dressed in my full bikini again, so I could ride back toward the entrance.

Alex pushed his way through the crowd and said, "Hey, you want some company for the ride back?"

"No, thanks." I answered. "Have a good night!"

The girl whose name I still didn't know pushed a button and the chair lifted smoothly off the ground, carrying me back to the exit.

