"Doc. Doc? Simon!"
A boot makes contact with Simon's ankle, waking him out of his dream state and he clicks on the light then looks up at Jayne.

"Tsao ni zuzong shiba dai," yelps the big man then he covers his mouth in a gesture that's surprisingly childlike.

Squatting down, Jayne reaches an arm out; whether it's to steady himself or to convince himself that he's no longer alone, Simon's not certain.

"Wo de ma," he murmurs, his fingers squeezing compulsively at Simon's shoulder. "I figured they must've got you."

"They?" Simon shrivels inside and curls in on himself, instinctively pushing into Jayne's touch.

Jayne changes position and sits next to him, leaning in until his mouth is resting against Simon's ear. "Good news is I found the main shaft of the mine. Elevator's working so there's a way out an' all."

"And the bad news?" Simon little more than mouths the words, but Jayne gets the gist of them.

"The pit is full of the rutting sumbitches," he says. "We're gonna have to hole up somewhere 'til they have a mind to move on."

Simon looks around him and silently begins to freak out. Hole up? Is Jayne expecting them to wait it out here with no light and no food, licking seep water out of the crevices in the rocks? "We can't…" he begins to say, then corrects his statement as the fear builds to fever pitch. "Jayne, I can't do this." An arm slides across his shoulders and Simon's never been so grateful for the comfort.

"You ain't got a choice," says Jayne and his fingers do that squeezing thing again. "Listen to me, Doc. There's supplies down there and plenty of them by the look of things. I can get us everything we need to keep going for a while."

Simon freezes. He can't quite believe he's going to say these words. "We go together or not at all."

"Caught some of that crazy off of your sister, have you?" Jayne smirks, his expression slightly menacing in the blue-tinted light. "Would've helped more if'n you'd caught some of her fighting skills."

Simon knows what the mercenary wants: a chance to put him in his place so he can go off and play the big, strong hero, but he's not rising to the bait. Instead he says simply, "You're not fit. You need someone along to help you."

"How many times do I gotta explain that I ain't hurt bad?"

"Tell me this," Simon says coolly. "Are you able to carry equipment and fire that rifle at the same time if needs be?"

When Jayne's determined gaze grows shifty Simon knows that he's won. "Right, then," he says, steeling himself for what lies ahead, "we finally agree on something."

"I gotta load up your revolver first."

Simon shakes his head. "Give me the bullets and show me how to do it."

Jayne cocks his head to one side and in the dimming light Simon can see that this time the puzzlement is tinged with admiration. That look means a lot, more than it would under normal circumstances. He listens carefully to Jayne's quiet instructions and slips the rounds into the chamber then, having stowed the box of ammunition away in his bag, he nods his readiness.

"Let's get going," murmurs Jayne in that tight voice and Simon can hear the extent of the man's fear at the thought of sneaking around inside a lair full of Reavers. It doesn't do a lot to help him relax.

Sticking as close to Jayne as he can get, Simon tries not to think what might lie ahead of them. As the tunnel begins to widen, the stench of death clogs his throat and nasal passages. The light up ahead of them grows steadily stronger and Jayne switches off the Maglite then he wraps an arm around Simon and pulls him closer. The strong smell of perspiration should be repulsive, but that's far from the case. Instead it represents life as opposed to death and Simon breathes in deeply.

"When we get in there you don't take your eyes off me, dong ma?" murmurs Jayne. "I'll signal you which way to go."

Simon nods, unwilling to speak in case his trembling voice gives away just how quickly that sudden upsurge of bravado is dissipating. Staring at the maw-like opening in front of them--rocks jagged like teeth--he raises his thumb.

Jayne returns the gesture then steps forward into the brightly lit floor of the pit, leaving Simon convinced that the mercenary is about to be ripped to shreds in front of his eyes. When that doesn't happen he wipes the cold sweat away from his forehead and follows, his toes near enough clipping the heels of the big man's boots.

Are Reavers' senses heightened? Simon wonders as they sneak through into the open hall, slipping around the pillars of rock and huge steel props which support the construction of the mine. At first he prays that the creatures are nothing more than psychotic humans, that way he and Jayne stand a chance of escaping them, but the moment he sees the hellish scenario appearing in front of him he stops wishing for proof of their humanity.

Bodies of miners are strung up from the joists like carcasses in an abattoir and the Reavers, who are busy flaying them, are so practiced at their craft that the skin comes away complete. The rock floor runs red with blood and Simon's revulsion grows a thousand-fold when he catches the horror stricken gaze of one of the victims and knows that the man is not yet dead. He was told to keep his eyes fixed on Jayne and now he understands why. He would if he could, but somehow he's drawn to the scene like a moth to a flame, barely able to stop himself from shuffling forward into oblivion.

This must be the upper level of the structure. The elevator is cranking slowly and as each car reaches the bottom the doors fly open and creatures spill out, bringing with them more corpses and loot. Thinking about it, Simon realises that this mine lies midway between the only two settlements on this small planetoid, Gainsborough and Hartford. The Reavers must be using the pit as their base while they pillage both towns. Jayne couldn't have picked a worse place to hide -- not that he had any way of knowing this at the time.

From this central floor there are other elevators, used to carry the miners down to the active shafts. Mechanised shovels are positioned all around the pit to bring the ore back up to the surface, but none of this machinery is working at present. If it were then things would be so much simpler; there'd be no risk of being heard with all the engine noise and drilling. Simon's so engrossed in the scene that he almost misses Jayne's hand signals and, at the last minute, veers suddenly into a fissure in the rock face, sighing with relief when he sees the stacked up boxes of goods that half-fill the cave. The workers must have had to spend long stretches of time down in this goddamned place. It's tragic to think they went through hell only to end up resembling annotated diagrams from medical textbooks.

"We need to find some way of hauling this stuff away from here," says Jayne as he stockpiles batteries and emergency lanterns. "Won't last long on what we can fit in our pockets."

Simon hunts around and, just when he's beginning to run out of hope, he discovers a heap of dusty, tarpaulin bags. They're too big to make carrying easy, but at least they have strong handles.

"Will these do?" he asks, dumping two of the sacks at the big man's feet.

"Gorram perfect," comes the answer and both men quickly begin to fill them with the purloined goods.

All of a sudden the noise levels grow louder and when they peer out of the storage cave things are not looking as shiny as they did a few minutes ago. A lone Reaver has survived the blast from the grenade and, half-dead, it emerges from the small passageway, slithering on its belly, remnants of legs dragging behind it in a bloody mess.

"Tamade," Jayne snarls under his breath. "If'n the bastard would've crawled a mite quicker I'd've dealt with him easy."

Simon looks around the pit floor in desperation. If the Reaver is still able to communicate with the others then they're humped. They have to find a safe place to escape to, but the question is where.

Jayne uses a set of pocket binoculars to check the walls carefully. "That way," he murmurs, pointing northeast. "There's an opening in the rock just over there. See it?"

Simon takes the glasses and aims them in the direction Jayne has indicated. It's small, could be too small for them to get through, but a quick scan of the area shows him that it's their only hope. Handing the binoculars back to Jayne he nods his agreement.

The biggest problem is that there's nothing much to hide behind on their way around. If they reach there without being seen then the gods are on their side. If they can do so and get themselves and the bags through that gap then it'll be nothing short of a miracle.

"We gotta be quick and quiet," whispers Jayne redundantly. "Best we go now while they're yapping with Johnny No Legs over there."

Sneaking undetected around the edge of the pit floor, Simon decides that someone indeed must be watching over them and when the mercenary pushes him unceremoniously through the niche he begins to breathe again.

"Does it go anywhere?" Jayne shoves the bags inside, contents spilling out and making a soft, clattering sound which has him peering around warily.

"Seems to," says Simon. At very least, this cave is far bigger than their previous bolt hole.

It's a tight squeeze for Jayne and Simon reckons the man will have lost a few layers of skin just getting through the crevice, but now that they're both inside they can relax just a little. They have food, light and they're safe -- although safe may well be an exaggeration, seeing as they're a few feet away from a cavern full of cannibals.

"Wo de ma," murmurs Jayne. "I ain't ashamed to admit that this is the gorram creepiest situation I been in for a long time. There's a million of them things out there."

The mercenary is breathing fast and Simon hopes that this is just a result of adrenaline rather than some form of clinical shock. They'll have to find themselves a safer place to lay up soon so he can do more than just a cursory visual examination.

Jayne prowls the cave, searching every face with the small penlight to check for exits. "I know there's a way out of here," he says, his voice full of frustration. "I can hear water running."

Simon listens intently and indeed there is an echoing sound coming from somewhere to his right. Wetting his finger with spit he stretches his hand outwards and can feel a distinct draft of air coming up at him from ground level then keeping his flashlight shrouded he directs the beam downwards.

"Aiya!" The word comes out a little too loudly for comfort as he drops down on hands and knees to examine the narrow cleft in the rock. Shining a light through the gap all he can see is a bottomless drop below him.

Jayne shoves him out of the way and peers into the hole. "Gao guhn! We can climb down here easy," he says, slapping Simon on the back in an unusual display of friendly appreciation. "You done good for a mamma's boy from the Core."

Simon hasn't got the energy or the inclination to snap back a retort. "Climb down?" he questions, aiming the Maglite into the pitch black abyss.

"Look inwards a ways." Jayne shines the beam of the flashlight inside the cleft and Simon can see the way the rock wall is ridged, almost forming a staircase. This would be great news except that he can still see nothing below them except the glint of a reflection.

"What about the bags?" he asks, putting off the inevitable because he can't bear the idea of either of them having to make that climb into the unknown.

"I picked up some rope from the store room," says Jayne. "Figured it may come in handy."

The Reaver noises grow louder and closer and this helps to make up Simon's mind. "Okay," he says with renewed gumption.

"I'll go first," says the mercenary, tying a length of rope onto each bag as if he doesn't trust Simon's ability to make knots. "You lower the stuff down to me and then follow."

"You need a safety line." Simon's insistent but Jayne shakes his head in a definite no.

"We ain't got time to figure out a way of securing it," he says. "It's not a difficult climb. Hardly more'n walking down a few steps."

Simon glares stubbornly at him. "We'll tie the rope around our waists. I'll feed it down and at least then if you slip I may be able to break your fall."

Jayne glares back but complies, grumbling all the while about what a rutting waste of time it is. "Ready," he says, kneeling and then edging his way through the gap. "It ain't too tight," he adds and the quiet commentary goes part way towards easing Simon's nerves. "The first footholds are easy enough to reach."

Simon takes up the slack on the rope and feeds it through slowly.

"Gotta watch out," Jayne calls. "There's some kind of slimy stuff on the walls making it gorram slip-"

The rope shoots through Simon's fingers, burning the skin away and he find himself slammed against the cave wall, winded slightly but still managing to slow Jayne's fall. There's a splash and then a yelp and Simon fears the worst until he hears whispered curses.

"Wo kao!"

"Jayne, are you okay?"

"Shiny," comes a voice that sounds a little shocky. "Apart from having wet my pants."

Simon can't resist. "From urine or water?" he asks.

"Most likely some of both." There's real amusement in Jayne's voice. "Would've been completely in the drink if it hadn't been for you though."

"You can thank me by getting me out of here," says Simon as he begins to lower the first bag down.

"Got it."

The second sack slips slightly, ripping more skin away from Simon's palms and it's beginning to hurt like a bitch. In fact, he's not entirely sure that taking Jayne's weight didn't result in him fracturing a finger or two. Climbing down this wall will be near to impossible.

"Come on then," calls Jayne. "Your turn now."

With no safety line to support him and two injured hands to boot, Simon is certain that this is going to end badly. Easing himself through the cleft, he feels for the first foothold, relieved that Jayne has a lantern lit and is watching his every move with both arms raised ready to catch him. The bag that's slung over his shoulder gets in his way, the wall is as slippery and as cold as ice and his hands are in such agony that he's almost on the point of screaming out in pain.

"You can do it." Jayne's voice is full of encouragement. "Move your foot a little over to the right. That's it. Now down a step."

Simon has never experienced such relief in his life as he does when arms fold around him.

"Don't move just yet lessen you want a cold bath," warns the mercenary.

Looking around him Simon can see that they're perched on a small outcrop of rock in the middle of a pool.

"If you step on to that ledge to your left you can jump over to dry land," says Jayne. "There ain't that much of it, but it's enough."

Trying not to think about the water surrounding him or the pain in his hands, Simon follows Jayne's instructions to the letter and lands on the smooth plane of rock at the water's edge.

"Shift your pretty behind so's I can get safe too," says Jayne.

Moving back a couple of steps until he's resting against the rock wall Simon watches Jayne make the jump. The brightness of the lantern means that he can see clearly for the first time since they've been in hiding and it's obvious from the mercenary's unusually tentative movements that he's in some pain.

Simon attempts and fails to ball his hands into fists. Both of them are injured and exhausted--all they're doing is burying themselves deeper and deeper inside this labyrinth--and suddenly he feels the weight of the world on his shoulders as the adrenaline in his system diminishes.

The mercenary squats next to him, resting a hand on his shoulder. "It ain't that bad, Simon," he says, using his first name for a change. "We got food and bedding. We got enough light to last us. There's clean water for drinking and washing. There's even a cave back there you can use for a john."

Simon snorts with laughter. So Jayne's noticed that he finds it difficult to urinate in front of other people. Tianna! He'll have no secrets left soon. He's not sure if his attack of depression is lifting or intensifying.

Jayne leans over and rummages inside the bags. "Happy eating," he says, waving these foil pouches at Simon then snapping them, ripping the tops off and handing one over along with a small, plastic spork. "This'll make you feel better."

"What?" Simon's confused, but he takes the packet automatically.

"Emergency rations," explains Jayne. "Instant hot food." He spoons some of it into his mouth. "Tastes great."

Simon has zero trust in this statement because Jayne doesn't have what he'd describe as a refined palate, but he follows suit and, to be honest, the meal is as good as anything that gets served up on board Serenity. The warmth leaking from the pack also provides comfort to his aching hands.

After the meal is done and the wrappers disposed of in the waste area, Simon decides that he's focused enough to give Jayne a check up. Opening his bag he takes out the first aid kit and sifts through the contents whilst the mercenary levels a look of resignation in his direction.

"I reckon that means time for my medical," Jayne says morosely, "but let me get some of this gorram Reaver blood off first so's you can see what's what."

Before Simon can voice an objection, Jayne has stripped off to his shorts and is diving into the pool of water. By the time he surfaces and starts scrubbing himself down, however, Simon's ready with a flurry of accusations.

"Shi ni feng?" he snaps more vehemently than he means to, embarrassed by Jayne's near-nakedness. "That water may be poisoned from ore and at very least it's probably cold enough to put you into shock."

"Don't I know it, Doc." Jayne clambers out onto the rocky ledge, shivering profusely. "Now pass me one of them blankets from outta that sack 'fore I catch my rutting death."

Simon fumbles around inside the bag then throws one of the rough woolen blankets to his companion, watching as Jayne bundles up inside it. "You were an idiot to do that," he says.

"Yep," Jayne sounds unusually sheepish, "but that Reaver stink was getting to me." Once dry, the mercenary pulls on his clothes and leans back against the cave wall, resting his head against a balled up wad of damp blanket. "I feel a mighty sight better for a wash."

Shifting a little so that he's facing his patient, Simon examines the man. At least now Jayne's clean it's easier to see the damage. He's battered exactly the way he said, but thankfully, or maybe miraculously, there's no sign of any serious injury.

"Some of these bites are already becoming infected," Simon says, wincing as he attempts to opens up a pack of antiseptic cloths with fingers that are turning blacker and bluer by the minute. "But I've got plenty of antibiotics here so that shouldn't be a problem."

"Lessen I turn Reaver," says Jayne morosely.

"That's not going to happen." Simons spits out the words with determination, but wishes he was more certain of his facts. If Jayne does becomes one of them…

"You gotta promise to shoot me," says the mercenary earnestly. "I ain't never had an ambition to eat folk and I don't wanna end my days doing so."

"Stop being morbid." Simon frowns as he tries and fails to undo the safety cap on the bottle of pills.

Jayne takes the vial of tablets from him and opens it with ease. "How many?" he asks.

"Two for now," says Simon, watching as Jayne dry swallows the pills and replaces the lid.

Jayne shoves the bottle into a pocket then takes hold of Simon's wrists, examining both hands closely. "What's up with you, Doc?"

"Burns from the rope and I've broken a knuckle by the look of things." There's no point in lying. That won't help either of them.

"Can I do anything?"

Simon's dubious. "Well, you could try and tape up the finger," he says tentatively.

Jayne is way more gentle than Simon expects, carefully wrapping sticking plaster around the middle and index fingers of his right hand and then winding crepe bandage tightly around the damaged joint. After that he rubs antiseptic cream into the burns. "Shall I wrap them?" he asks, but Simon shakes his head.

"I need them free," he replies. "We have to climb out at some point."

"You should've said something before."

Jayne sounds fretful and this is a brand new facet of the man, a side of him that is completely unfamiliar to Simon. "We had to get down here," he says. "What could you have done differently if you'd have known?"

They lean back against the wall, hunching their knees up simultaneously and the synchronicity of movement makes them both laugh and goes part way to relieving some of the tension.

"Can you pass me another of them blankets?" says Jayne. "These rocks are getting mighty uncomfortable."

Privately, Simon thinks that this request has more to do with warmth rather than comfort. Jayne's probably got himself chilled to the bone by going for a swim in that ice cold pool, still he says nothing because he can understand the need to remove that coating of gore. Reaver blood seems alien somehow.

After passing Jayne the blanket, Simon crouches down to examine the contents of the equipment sacks. One contains lanterns, batteries, glow sticks and sleeping bags while the other reveals two full boxes of emergency rations and drink pouches -- all they need to stay alive for the time being. There are also several bars of what turns out to be foil-wrapped chocolate and it's amazing how something so simple can lift a person's spirits. As Simon splits a tablet in two and passes half to his companion, he smiles for the first time since they've been here.

"Told you we'd be okay," says Jayne. "And it ain't as if Reavers ever hang around one place for long."

The mercenary grins happily as he munches on the strip of chocolate and instinctively inching closer to the man, Simon takes heart from this piece of propaganda. Everybody needs something to believe in.