The Real Tomboy
by lindasuedavis1
Copyright© 2023 by lindasuedavis1

I wrote a fictional story based on my cousin Becky a while back. She read it and liked it, but the real story would have been better. So she agreed to help me tell the real story. So she told me how it really happened.

When she was young she did like playing the games that the boys played much better than the ones the girls played. At first she didn’t think anything about being on the skins or shirts side. After all there was no difference in her chest and that of the boys. It was only when she started getting larger breast than the boys around 14 that anyone objected the her being topless. Then the boys all decided that which ever team she was on would be shirts. This worked pretty well for everyone as for most of the time she was the only girl. But when she was 16, other girls decided they wanted to play too. That created a little problem, but the guys stuck to the rule, so any girl on the other team had to play topless. Some of these girls did it just for that reason even though the were no good as players. They just wanted to show off their breast. So all were happy with this arrangement. Some of the other girls even wore short skirts when they played, and some without even wearing underwear. Needless to say that gave them an advantage over the boys, who were much too busy staring at the girls bodies to play the best that that could have otherwise. Most of these girls only played a few games before becoming someones girlfiend and quitting. Some even returned if they broke up with their boyfriend. None stayed long enough to be considered true team mates.

Becky always dressed modestly, but not like a prude. Since she had small breast any way, she saw no need for a bra. Some of the tops were loose enough that she is sure some of, if not all the boys got to see her breast, but they were not on display to cause concern by the grown ups that watched them play most of the time, especially her parents. She was pantsed by a few of the girls that got jealous of her, but most of the times they only got her shorts, and not her underwear. Which was not much more revealing than when she wore her bikini to the swimming pool. The few times they got her underwear too. She just laughed as she pulled them back up. All the boys loved that she was a good sport, and never teased her about what they had seen. But Becky knew that they enjoyed seeing her body when ever those things happened.

It wasn’t until she was over 18, that the team started having swim parties. At first they were just that. I guess that was when the first of the team members families first got a pool. They would bring their suits, or most of them simply wore them to the party. It was when a new guy showed up for the first time with out a suit that someone suggested that it could be a clothing optional swim, which soon became a skinny dip party. Most of the guys shot the idea down until Becky, why not guys, you have all seen me at one time or another, I think it is time I saw you as well. And then she took her suit off as if it was decided. The guy with out a suit followed her lead. About half of the guys followed before the host parents came out and asked what they thought they were doing. They told them about the boy that forgot to bring a suit, and explained that the first one to their suit was Becky, so they didn’t want her to feel bad, and joined her. They looked skeptical, but when Becky told them it was true, they said it was ok, but insisted that their son, who hadn’t yet undress do so as he was the host, and that he should be aware of how this could make his guest feel if he didn’t. His Dad retreated to the house, but his Mom stayed out and some think she enjoyed watching, most believed that she stayed to see that it didn’t turned into and orgy as she said. She did eventually talk her into getting topless, using a similar logic on her as she used on her son. After all Becky was the only one with breast besides her there. She had very large breast (Becky guessed a double D). She also said that she had very large nipples that seemed to be erect, and it wasn’t from the cold. The boys treated her with much the same respect that they did Becky, and so she allowed this to continued, especially after talking to Becky’s Dad when he came to pick her up, she even did this while still topless. Becky’s Dad said he was very proud of Becky for being so concerned for her forgetful teammate. Then he asked her why she had joined. At first she didn’t know what he meant, then realized she was still topless. She blushed a bit and then admitted that she had forgot, but had wanted to be supportive of Becky, since she was the only girl at the party. You can guess that Becky’s Dad was always the one to pick up Becky from these parties from then on. And the lady always talked with him while still topless.

Becky did start dating eventually. Mostly her team mates, but occassionally others. But none of the others seemed to respect her like her teammates did. Only her teammates got to see her naked. Whether at the pool or on dates. On dates the teammates got to touch her where ever they wanted. She knew she could trust them to never go futher than she wanted. Her Dad had seen to that she had gotten the injection to prevent pregnancy, and knew when she first let a boy have sex with her. He thought she was very responsible, and trusted her fully. Once in a while she would tease him with a flash of a body part, but he told her it wasn’t Proper for her to do that with him, besides he had all ready seen her naked at the pool parties. She just said “Sure Dad, but sometimes, I just like doing something that is naughty like that, and you always look like you enjoy it.” He told her that was fine, but just be careful, he didn’t want her Mom getting wise.

As Becky continued to date, she eventually settled down with one of her teammates, and they did get married, but they became the host for the team parties. They became mostly couples that shared like minds in that none of them were jealous of their mates. All the women chosen by the other teammates had been former exhibitionist for the team at one time or another. The girls were all, pranksters. No one was safe, but then who cared. The kids of this group always played together. Nudity was never a problem for any of them as they learned it from their parents. It just seemed natural to them. No one got up tight. No one was embarrassed. She admits that sometimes she lets other guys have sex with her, and her husband has had sex with most of the other wives of the group. Moms teach their sons to respect women, and Dads teach their daughters that sex is not something to fear, but to be enjoyed when both parties are happy with the act that they are doing. No, they don’t actually have sex with their kids, but they are always there to explain how to do the things the kids might want to try. They tell them what to expect, and how to make it the best possible experience.
