Naked In School - Stephen and Stephanie
by Eros_343

Naked In School Ch. 01

Stephen is selected to be naked in school; his sister helps.

A week before summer vacation, my whole family started acting weird. My sister and mother became much more free with their bodies. And Dad was completely chill about it. I think he was more distracted by Mom's body to say anything to my sister.

Then yesterday, I got this pamphlet in the mail, welcoming to a new school and that I was part of "The Program". The opening paragraph welcomed me to my new school, a school specifically only for 18 year old and above seniors. What the hell kind of high school only taught one grade?! The next page of the pamphlet made my heart skip a beat. A gorgeous naked blonde girl was front and center. No way this was from a school! My dick tingled at the sight of her, and i felt myself getting hard looking at her.

I pulled my eyes from her, and read the rest of it. Apparently a few students every week, an equal number of boys and girls, were selected to spend the entire day at school naked. There was a naked dude too, with his cock swinging around. They would also be using the opposite gendered locker room. Exploration of anatomy was encouraged.

What the fuck even was this?! Knowing my mom, there was a chance I'd never see this pamphlet again, so I pulled down my pants and, *ahem* properly enjoyed the picture of the naked girl. I finished into a sock and went into the hallway after catching my breath.

My sister was in the hallway, in just a tank top and her panties. Her appearance made me do a double take, and I felt my dick twitch despite having just releived myself.

"Hey Scott."

"Hey Alice. You know where Mom and Dad are?"

As I said that, an extremely loud moan came from the room down the hall. It was then that I noticed the loud banging of the bed against the wall.

I blushed. "I see they're busy."

Jess, my sister, nodded. "Kinda romantic."

"I guess." Listening to my parents fuck made me uncomfortable, and I started to head back to my room when Jess stopped me.

"What you got there?"

"Just this thing from school."

"Oh, you've been selected for The Program."

"How do you know about it?"

"Heard rumors about it," Jess said. "So, you'll be exposing yourself to the school."

"This has got to be a joke."

"Afraid not," Jess said. "It's allowed because everybody is above 18."

"What am I going to do?!"

"Take your clothes off, I guess." Jess eyed me. "You shy?"

I nodded.

"What if you practiced with me?"

"What?!"

"The whole school is going to see your noodle. I'll probably see it too. Just show me first and get it over with."

"I can't do that."

"Why not?"

"You're my sister."

"The Program is designed to help you get over things like this," she said. "Besides, like I said, I'll probably see it anyway."

What she was saying made a lot of sense in a very weird way. but Mom and Dad would be done eventually. "Fine, but let's go to my room. I don't want Mom and Dad getting the wrong idea."

Jess smirked and nodded before following me to my room. As I got her in here, an idea came into my head. An idea that i shouldn't have had, but regardless, here it was. I took off my shirt and set it to the side before looking at Jess. "I don't want to eb the only one naked."

"What?"

"Well, the pamphlet said there would be an equal number of girls as guys partipating. So if we're doing a realistic practice, we should both be naked."

"You want to see your sister naked?" Jess pressed her breasts together under your shirt.

"Well, I didn't mean it like that."

"But you do." Jess seemed to be enjoying too much.

"If you don't want to, it's fine."

Jess shook her head and pulled her tank top over her head. Her beautiful breasts were exposed. Her rosy nipples stiffened at the exposure and I had to contain myself. I didn't actually think she would do it.

"Happy?" Jess said. "Come on. I'm not going further until you do."

I pulled down my shorts so that I was only in my boxers, and i realized the predicament I was in. Jess's tits really excited me. Im sure she could see the bulge in my boxers, but I was nervous to go all the way. She urged me to get it over with and I pulled them down without thinking. I now stood completely naked before my topless sister with a hard-on.

"There, that wasn't so bad, was it?" Jess said as she hooked her thumbs into her panties and pulled them down to show her shaved pussy. I caught a glimpse of her lower lips as she stepped out of them.

"Yeah, this isn't as bad as I thought."

"I see you enjoyed it quite a bit, actually."

"Jess!"

"Sorry," Jess said. There was a pause of silence. "I am flattered though."

"Jess!"

"I'm enjoying it too." Jess's eyes were pointed right at my dick. "You have a nice cock."

"I-uh-well, thank you, Jess." The words barely formed in my mouth. Jess was looking less like my sister and more like a hot naked girl. "Your-uh-your tits are nice."

Jess grinned and used her arms to press them together. The sight was hypnotic. "Glad you like them. Want a feel?"

My hands almost reflexively went to reach, but i stopped myself. "Jess! That's crazy!"

"I saw that." Jess grinned and shook her boobs side to side. "I know you want to."

No point in denying it, and i might not get another chance. I approached my sister and put y hands on her boobs. They were soft and firm to my touch. I pinched her hard nipples and she let out a soft squeal. Her soft fingers wrapped around my member and tugged softly.

"Jess."

"You're touching mine."

"Jess," I said. "That feels so good, please don't stop."

"Don't worry little bro, I won't." Jess kept stroking my hard cock. I rubbed her tits some more. I got more adventurous and rubbed the rest of her naked body. I squeezed her atheltic ass. Her pubes were prickly to my touch and her pussy was warm and wet. My middle finger circled her clit and ahe let out a soft moan.

"Oh fuck." Jess closed her eyes and jerked me harder.

"Jess, it needs lube."

She nodded and pushed my hand away from her pussy. Before I could ask what was going on, she knelt down and put my cock in her mouth. I closed my eyes in pleasure and let her suck me off. My sister's mouth felt incredible and I felt the familiar sensation travel up frkm my balls.

"Jess, I'm about to cum."

Jess sucked harder and I let out a loud grunt before cumming in her mouth. Her tongue swirled around my cock as I pumped my seed into her mouth. She sucked it all in, and then stood.

Jess grinned and half sat on my bed. Her legs spread to show off her juicy center, and I sat next to her. My fingers returned to her moist clit. She let out soft moans as my fingers worked on her. "Just like this, Stephen."

I rubbed her faster and her legs tightened around my hand. Seeing her so aroused was turning me on again. She gave out a final moan as her entire body stiffened. She panted as she looked me in the eyes. She then looked lower and saw my semi before smirking. "Good luck at school tomorrow."

Thanks."

After Jess left, the post nut clarity started to hit me. What the fuck did I just do?!

****

Mom and Dad seemed unphased by The Program. Just like Jess, they acted like it was normal. That 'it would help me overcome inhibitions'. I obviously did not tell them that Jess had helped me "prepare".

I drove to school, following the instructions laid out in the pamphlet. The school looked normal enough, and it was weird that they could hold just one grade and maintain this size.

Again, just like the pamphlet said, I was to report to the principal. The principal was a woman, she had on a tight business suit. It maintained professionality, but the skirt was a touch shorter than expected, and several of her buttons were undone to show her creamy cleavage. She looked no older than 30.

"Ah yes, thank yo for arriving. Please wait here for the other participants."

I nervously waited in the chair for the other students. In a chair next to me was another guy. His name was Robert. He was slim built. Minutes felt like hours as I waited for them to tick by. An atheltic blonde showed up, and I couldn't wait to see her naked. She grinned at both of us and gave me a wink for noticing her. A nerdy girl with bushy hair and glasses was next. Three guys showed up. After what felt like an eternity (but was actually like 15 minutes), w were all here. Eight girls and eight guys.

The principal congratulated us and gave a box in front of each of us. She told us that this was for our clothes. She went over the Program again, and it was mostly all information that was in the pamphlet. She did go over the fact that we could seek "relief" between classes, and that the teachers will draw attention to us at class. When she finished, the nerdy girl wi bushy hair raised her hand.

"Yes, Hailey?"

"This is like, a joke or something, right?"

The principal shook her head. "No ma'am, this is no joke."

"What kind of school is this?!"

"A very special one that you should be grateful you're a part of. Now please, if there are no more questions, I need you all to disrobe."

A muscular guy who looked like a football player raised his hand.

"Yes, Chris?"

"Are there any limits for relief?"

The principal smirked. "Any method to obtain relief is allowed. The person providing relief can use their hands, mouth, or even their own genitalia to get you off. There is no need to find privacy, this entire activity is deaigned to help you be more open. You may ask anybody for relief, though they may of course turn you down. This includes your partner, other students, teachers, the cafeteria workers. And yes Chris, even me, but I don't think you're ready yet."

Chris nodded and smirked. The guy sitting next to him chuckled and punched his arm.

We all stood. Most of us hesitated starting to disrobe as none of was sure what would happen. The athletic blonde had no hesitation and pulled her tight t-shirt over her head. Her gloriously large tits were held back by a purple lacy bra, which she also quickly unsnapped. Creamy tits were perky without the bra and her nipples were stiff for us all to see.

With the ice broken, I took off my shirt and jeans to put them in the box. I inhaled deeply as I hooked my thumbs into my boxers. I took a chance to look around the room. About half the guys were already naked, and they all had raging boners. The girls were mostly down to their panties. Hailey, the nerdy girl, had only just gotten her bra off. Her boobs were a bit smaller than average, but they fit her petite fram very nicely. The blonde of course was already butt naked, and I enjoyed looking at her shaved pussy before taking my boxers off to reveal my boner.

The principal went and gathered everybody's box, and told us we could pick them up at the end of the day. We could judt show up to school naked after this, but if not, we were to come to the office to disrobe.

Hailey raised her hand again. "Won't we get in trouble for being naked outside of school?"

The principal chuckled. "Of course not. The law has calmed down on such things. Now, let me read off your partners. Your partner will be with you for most classes. You are encouraged to spend time with your partner. You are free to ask your partner for relief, and they you. You can of course ask for relief from anyone, but your partner is the one you will spend the most time with, so they should be your first choice."

She read down a list. "Robert and Hailey. You are partners."

Robert looked excitedly at Hailey, and she perked up hearing this. Her pubes were less trimmed, but she had a cute butt.

"Stephen and Stephanie."

I perked up hearing my name. I looked around the room, looking for who Stephanie was. Low key I was also looking at all the girls now that they were naked. The blonde girl waved, and a shot went through my heart. The principal called out several other names before dismissing us to our first class.

"So," Stephanie said. "This is it."

"This is it." Standing next to this naked girl was a bit intimidating, as well as being naked next to all these other people. Practicing in front of my sister had helped a little bit, I feel like. I was ever so slightly less nervous in front of Stephanie. My eyes were drawn straight to her big tits.

Stephanie returned the favor my eyeing my dick. "Looks like you need relief already."

"I mean, if you don't mind."

Stephanie spit in her hand and ran her hand up and down my cock. Her hands felt amazing and she had such a strong grip. She tightened as she pulled up so that most of the pressure was on the tip. I let out a groan and braced myself on the wall. Her fist hammered up and down on my rod. And I finally felt it all just blast out. Stephanie aimed it at the grass, and I watched ropes of cum shoot out in front of me. Stephanie relaxed her grip on me and kissed me on the cheek. "Better?"

I nodded. "Very. Want it returned?"

"Aww, flad you're not selfish." Stephanie grinned. "Yes, please, it's such a turn on knowing all these guys are looking at my naked body. And a lot of the girls too."

Stphanie spread her legs slightly and I rubbed her clit. She wasn't lying about being turned on; she was wetter than my sister. Louder too. She didn't hold back her orgasmic moans at all as I stroked her clit. Being this close to her, I took the chance to suck on her nipples. They were nice and hard already and she stroked the back of my head as I suckled her. Her hips bucked under my hand and she let out a scream. Thighs nearly crushed my hand.

Stephanie slowly came down from her orgasm and her thighs released my hand. Her hand patted the back of my head and I reluctantly came up from her nipple.

"We're going to be great partners."


Naked In School Ch. 02

Stephen and Stephanie proceed through their school day naked.

The crowds stared at my junk as I walked. Well, they stared in my direction anyway. They could just as easily have been staring at the naked girl walking next to me. We were both selected for a nudity program, simply called The Program. A group of us were selected to be naked in school for one week.

Stephanie, my assigned partner, enjoyed the attention by returning the looks she was getting from her classmates. We got stopped by a group of students. "Hey, is it really true you have to pose for us?"

Stephanie nodded. "Yep."

"Bend over," said one of them.

Stephanie wordlessly turned away from the group and bent over. Her ass cheeks spread apart to show her butthole, and her pussy lips were more visible as she bent over. My cock stood at the glorious sight, which a girl in the group didnt hesitate to pointed out. "We can tell he likes it!"

I hated being unable to hide my arousal. There was nothing I could do. No baggy pants, no positioning, nothing. The other guys had visible bulges in their pants, but mine was the most obvious, so nobody cared about theirs.

"Shit, who wouldnt enjoy this?!" Someone else said, which made me a bit more comfortable.

The same girl raised an eyebrow. "How about some equality? You bend over, too!"

I sighed and did what was asked of me. It felt silly, and I was very self-conscious of what I was doing. I felt my cheeks spread apart and the air touch my butthole. Never before had I heard of girls enjoying a guy's butthole. Did she do this because she wanted to see it, or did she just want me to be embaraased like Stephanie was? In any case, she definitely stared at that part of my body. After what was longer than comfortable, she told me I could stand.

My cock was fully erect now from her attention, and her eyes went straight to it. She just stared at it for several long seconds, and she began to lick her lips. Now I was getting even more excited.

Meanwhile, Stephanie was submitting to other poses. Some asked her to spread her pussy lips, and another asked her to jiggle her tits. She reminded them that they couldn't touch without asking. And after asking, she told them no.

The girl stared at my rock hard cock. "Make it spin."

"What?"

"Like, helicopter or something."

I moved my hips and did the best I could to swing it around for her. Being as hard I was though, the best I could do was swing it side to side. It slapped against my thigh each time, and the girl was absolutely hypnotized by it.

"Can I touch it?"

"Sure." I stopped moving and her cool fingers wrapped around my member. She squeezed and tugged slightly. Her hand traveled down until they touched my balls. Her fingernails went down the wrinkled skin of my sack and she grinned while looking into my eyes.

"This the first one I touched."

"I'm happy to be your first."

"I want to lick it," she said.

"Please," I breathed.

She bent down and her soft lips touched the tip of my dick. Her tongue licked up the side and I let out a moan.

"That feel good?"

"Feels fucking amazing."

Just before she was about to take the whole thing in her mouth, the bell rang. I muttered a curse as we both had to get to class. She kissed the tip and grinned. "Don't be upset. I'll see you later."

The group left the both of us alone. My hard cock waved back and forth with every step I took. I looked at Stephanie's beautiful tits and got more excited. She looked at me with a knowing smile, but said nothing.

Our first class was English. The teacher was a young man, barely older than us, and he had a thick brown beard. His eyes lingered on Stephanie as she walked in, and continued watching while she found her seat. The bell rang to indicate students were tardy and the teacher turned away a couple students. They begged him not to, but he insisted they report to the principal's office for tardiness. With glum expressions, they went down the hall to the office.

"Hello class, I am your teacher, Mr. Scott. As you may have noticed, we have two participants in The Program with us today. Come on up here."

I wasn't a fan of being shown off to the whole class and it wasn't like it wasn't obvious who we were. I huffed as I stood from my seat and went to the front of the class. Stephanie didn't seem to mind at all and swayed her hips as she walked up to the front.

"Class, this is Stephanie."

Stephanie cocked her hips and blew a kiss to the room. Several students whistled at her and Scott had to calm the class down.

"And Stephen."

I waved at the classroom, and to my surprise, I got a lot of attention too. Several girls whistled at me and I heard a couple remarks about what they'd do with my dick, which was only just barely starting to go down. Hearing the attention, it sprang to full mast, much to the audible delight of many of the girls.

"Now," Scott clasped his hands together. "We are encouraged to incorporate participants of The Program into our curriculum. So, as an assignment, I'd like to ask everybody to write an erotic poem or literature about these two beautiful students. I heard several colorful comments to both of these participants, so it shouldn't be too difficult for you to find the words."

I felt conflicted. I didn't know what to think about half the students in class writing about what they'd do to my body. As I looked into the crowd, they were all eyeing either myself or Stephanie up, most making no attempts not to stare. A girl in the front row licked her lips as she looked at my dick.

Breaking my attention, Stephanie asked the teacher about our assignments. He told us it was the same. "I bet he has some thoughts about you, I know I do."

The class gasped at his honesty, which he ignored.

"And you probably have thoughts about him. Principal Becky is very good at choosing partners."

"Sorry, the principal's name is Becky?"

Mr Scott nodded. "Yes. And not Rebecca, she prefers Becky. Miss Becky."

Odd name.

A student raised their hand and stated it would be helpful to see us in action. He chuckled. "I can't ask them to fuck. Unless they're offering."

I wouldn't hesitate to offer to fuck Stephanie, but I didn't want to put her into a spot where she had to agree. Stephanie was about to answer the question, when the same student spoke up again. I had no way of knowing if Stephanie was about to refuse or comply.

"The student is allowed sexual relief," the student said. "This relief can be given by either a student or teacher, or the student may masturbate."

The way she so matter of factly spelled that out was unnerving. But yes, that is what Principal Becky said.

"Well, relief should be asked for within the first five minutes," the teacher replied. "But I guess I didn't give you that chance. Participants, would you like relief?"

Denying my boner would be laughable, but I wasn't quite comfortable asking to jack off in front of the whole class, either. Luckily, Stephanie broke the ice and said she would take relief. I simply sighed and nodded.

Almost every dude's hand went up to volunteer for Stephanie's relief, but to their collective (and very vocal) dismay, she said that she would simply masturbate. She asked Scott for his chair, which he seemed more than happy to lend to her. The leather chair rolled out from behind his desk, and he pushed it toward her.

Stephanie thanked him with a naughty grin before sitting down. Her boobs swayed as she got comfortable on the leather and she spread her legs so that they hung over the arms of the chair. Her fingers went to her pussy, which was visibly shining. First, she made small circles around the lips. Her stiff nipples became even stiffer when she rubbed them with her free hand. Her breathing quickened, making her breasts more noticeably rise and fall.

My dick ached with desire, and now that I had permission, I took my cock into my hand and began pumping up and down. I'd never jacked off with an audience before, and for a second I was worried I'd wake up or something or someone would scream and demand I stop. Even at nudist resorts you can't just jerk it when and where you want. At least, I'm pretty sure you can't. Never been to one.

But nothing and nobody stopped me. In fact, as I peeled my eyes from Stephanie to look around the class, I noticed many eyes were on me. Mostly focused on my dick. My eyes went back to Stephanie and I slowly stroked up and down. The slight discomfort from no lube was made up by the gorgeous sight in front of me. Stephanie beckoned me forward and my heart leaped in my chest.

"Need some lube?" She asked.

"Yes, please," I said with no hesitation. Stephanie leaned forward and spit on my cock. She even gave it a few strokes to make sure it coated my member before spitting on it again. She gave me a grin and a wink before rubbing her pussy more. Her fingers dipped inside her orifice and came out shining. To my shock, she wasn't done with me as she took her hand covered in her natural pussy juice and rubbed that onto my dick as well. "There's your lube."

Stephanie's hands went back to her pussy as she rubbed her clit. Soft moans came from her mouth. My fist now hammered on my lubed up hard dick. I gave a low grunt and she moaned louder. We both masturbated right there in front of the whole class. After a second, the fact that everybody was watching made it even more excited.

A familiar tingling filled my balls and panic hit as I had no idea where to finish. It wasn't like outside where I could just cum on the grass. I'm sure Mr Scott wouldn't appreciate cum on his floor. The thought of cumming on Stephanie entered my mind, but I didn't want to ask her and no time for back up if her answer was no.

Mr Scott seemed to realize my struggle and handed me some Kleenex. I accepted them graciously and covered my dick hole with them before letting out a loud grunt. Pleasure pulsed through my body as I came right there in front of everyone. My hips bucked to an imaginary partner as my semen soaked into the tissues. When I was done, I threw them in the trash and thanked Scott. He barely gave me a nod as almost all his attention was on Stephanie. She was writhing in his chair and moaning very loudly now.

Stephanie's whole body tensed up. She screamed out her orgasm and squirmed in Mr Scott's chair as she rode it out. She finally relaxed in the chair while panting. She let out a long exhale and smiled at all the people staring at her. Scott gave her a couple seconds to regain her composure before sending us both back to our seats. Stephanie licked her fingers clean.

As I went back to my desk, I realized that maybe public masturbation wasn't so bad. And at least I got to relieve my tension. All these guys that just watched Stephanie play with herself, they would all be pent up, probably until they got home. The bulge in Mr Scott's pants was especially obvious. The rest of the class went by as usual until the bell rang.

Next was chemistry class. The teacher was a man in his 30s, and he flirted with Stephanie quite a bit. In fact, he flirted with all the girls. Other than that though, not much happened. However, he did hint at a lab and said there is an exemption in his class in regards to the Program. Lab safety is apparently more important than whatever purpose the Program served, and so we would be wearing aprons/lab coats to the lab later this week.

Then it was math class. The teacher was blonde with big tits with a tight purple skirt and matching vest. Her first couple buttons were undone showing her ample cleavage. Just as my eyes were on her tits, her eyes went straight to my junk. "My, Steven, what a lovely package."

"Uh, thanks," I said. Getting attention made my cock begin to rise. It had been nearly two hours since I jacked off in English class, and walking naked next to Stephanie has a certain effect on a man. I wanted to return the teacher's compliment, but I suddenly got nervous as I was caught off guard. "You have a nice set of packages, too."

She grabbed her breasts and hefted them up. They moved slightly in her tight outfit, just enough to be interesting. "Oh, these? Yeah, they're pretty nice. Maybe you'll get to see them one day. The Program isn't just for students, y'know."

Thoughts of seeing this teacher naked entered my head and I was at full mast. And she definitely noticed.

"Oh, you seem to like that idea," she smiled. "Well, I'm Ms. Valerie, and you look like you could use some relief."

I nodded. "Yes, please."

"From me?"

I nodded wordlessly. The thought of getting jerked by and older woman thrilled me. Valerie grinned and her fingers wrapped around my hard cock. Her hand was very different from Stephanie's or my sister's. It felt slightly rougher, but not uncomfortably so.

Valerie tugged my dick while students walked past us. I did my best to ignore everyone else and focus on her cleavage, or on Stephanie's ass as she walked around us. My dick twitched in her hand and she stroked faster. Her arm moving to jerk me made her tits jiggle even more, and my gaze locked onto them.

Valerie reached up with her free hand and popped open a button so that I could see more of her tits. "Oops," she said naughtily.

"Your tits are so fucking hot." In the throes of passion, I apparently became a little less awkward. Valerie giggled, and with her free hand, she guided one of my hands into her shirt to let me feel her soft flesh. My fingertips rubbed her hard nipple, eliciting a moan from her. She stroked me faster and got me closer to my release. My hand squeezed on her soft bosom. It was so tempting to unbutton her top and expose her tits completely, but I was too close to my orgasm to work her buttons.

I let out a moan and Valerie knelt down to catch my seed on her tongue. I saw even further down her blouse as she was on her knees. Her mouth opened and I felt her hot breath on my cock. Blasts of cum landed on her tongue. She closed her mouth and swallowed, then she kissed my tip to suck out the last couple droplets. I gasped in pleasure as my whole body reacted to her lips on my dick hole.

Valerie swallowed and told me to find a seat. After sitting, a guy high fived me. "Nice man, this teacher is hot as fuck. I can't wait for my turn with her."

"It'll happen sooner than you think, Joseph."

His face dropped. Apparently he wasn't as anxious to get his turn as he thought. The class continued more or less as a normal math class would, albeit with a bit more open flirting with the students. I especially enjoyed watching Valerie's butt wiggle while she erased the equations before moving onto the next one.

Next up was PE. Changing in the lockers was completely unnecessary now, so Stephanie and I were the first ones in class. It became a little awkward as we waited for the others to change. Again, I began to get pretty hard being alone with Stephanie and both of us naked. I looked at her perfect tits with pink nipples. The sides of her ass cheeks pressed into the floor. She turned toward me and my eyes snapped away.

"I know you were looking."

"Sorry."

"Don't be sorry. Every guy here has been looking at my body today. It would be weirder to say you didn't look."

"Thanks."

"Besides, I know you enjoy it." Stephanie stroked to tip of my hard cock. "Ultimate compliment."

"It's kinda strange not being able to hide it."

"Oh?" Stephanie's fingers slid down my shaft. "Well, I for one, am glad it's not being hidden. I've been looking at you, too."

Since she was openly touching me, so I figured it would be ok to return the favor. I stroked her nipple. It slowly tensed up. She told me to be a man and just squeeze the whole thing. I was more than happy to do so, and I enjoyed her soft, firm flesh. My dick was rock hard now. Other students began to come out of the lockerrom and into the gym.

"Mutual relief?" I asked her.

"Might want to save yourself for the showers," she grinned.

"Save it to jerk off in front of a bunch of naked dudes?"

"Did you not pay attention? You go to the opposite lockerroom."

A shot went through my heart. I forgot about that. A million scenarios went through my head. They were all amazing, but I was suddenly nervous for the first time at this school. How would the girls react? How should I react? So far, this school has been sex positive to an absurd level, but I wasn't sure how the lockerroom would go.

Thoughts raced in my head as I thought about it. I looked at the girls in gym class with renewed interest. I was about to see every one of them naked. I watched their asses move in their tight shorts, knowing I was about to see everything under them. Several girls looked at me and then glanced at my cock with a grin.

Class finally started. A fit woman who introduced herself as Coach Susan was the first teacher today that didn't seem to notice or care that there were two naked students. She made us workout like any other student. We ran laps, did jumping jacks, pushups, pullups, etc. It was a little awkward running around with my dick flopping all over the place. Speaking of which, my boner went away pretty fast. I guess the blood had other places to be. Watching Stephanie run and excercise was very interesting, though, as I was able to see muscles under her skin tense and flex with each movement. Her tits bounced with every movement. She had nearly my full attention during jumping jacks.

By the time gym class was over, I was hot, sweaty, and in desperate need of a shower. Stephanie's entire naked body sparkled with her sweat. She caught me looking again and winked. I made no effort to turn away this time.

Coach Susan blew her whistle. "Time to hit the showers, boys and girls. Also, remember, if you're naked, you go with the opposite gender lockerroom."

I took a deep breath. This was it. Every guy's fantasy, and I was about to live it. Stephanie slapped me on the butt. "Have fun. I know I will."

I watched her disappear into the mass of guys. I could only imagine how that would go. Part of me worried for her safety. I turned to follow the mass of girls into the lockerroom. The lockerroom looked pretty familiar; it more or less looked like a guy one, but filled with girls. Many of whom were already half naked.

A few noticed and turned to me. One saw me staring and stopped taking off her bra. She just hesitated and awkwardly stared. A couple made a show of it and went as far as to jiggle their tits when they took off their bras, and some even bent over after taking off their panties. There were a few that did not seem to care and continued to disrobe. I saw their beautiful tits, butts, and pussies. Most were shaved. A few were trimmed. One had an untamed black bush.

I got so distracted with everything to look at that I almost forgot why I was there. I made my way to the showers and turned one on. There was no dividers or separate stalls. Really, no privacy of any kind. Just shower heads mounted into the walls about six and a half feet high with soap dispensers next to the shower dials.

Since I didn't have to undress, I was the first one there. I pushed the button for soap dispenser and green body wash squirted into my palm. It smelled like something that would be labeled "Mountain Spring" or some such nonsense. It made decent enough suds when I rubbed my hands together, and I rubbed it onto my body. As I did, the temptation to use it as lube to masturbate increased. For a second though, I hesitated for reasons I wasn't quite sure. I was allowed to masturbate elsewhere, so why not here where I have so much to masturbate to?

A girl got to the shower next to mine. She had dark hair, pale pink nipples, and a shaved pussy. Her tits looked like a perky c-cup. My fingers, coated in soap, wrapped around my cock as I eyed her body. She noticed me rubbing myself while looking at her and she gently placed her hand on my wrist.

"Don't do that."

"What?"

"I'll help you." She shooed my hand away from my cock to replace with hers. "I was really excited when they said a guy would join us. I saw you running around naked and couldn't wait to get my hands on you."

She felt up my chest and stomach with her free hand while stroking me. Her soap lubed fist went up and down my dick, and she twisted at the tip slightly, eliciting a gasp from me.

"You like this." She giggled.

"Love it."

"Good," she grinned. "Now, since I'm washing this part of your body, can you wash the rest of me? Only seems fair."

"Definitely seems fair." My eyes took in her beauty again, wondering where my hands would go first. My hands, almost guided on their own accord, went to her amazing tits. They were soft and firm, and her skin was slick from the water and now from soap. She moaned slightly and stroked me faster when I rubbed her nipples. I cleaned further down her body and her moans got louder as I rubbed her pussy. My fingers circled her opening. She was dripping wet, and I knew not all of it from the shower. I rubbed her clit and she stroked me even faster.

A few other girls joined us. I felt a pair of boobs rubing my back. Someone soaped up my ass crack, and then fondled my balls from the back. Another girl washed my hair for me. My whole body tingled and finally I let loose. There was no time for a warning or worrying about where it pointed.

White ropes of semen sprayed at the dark haired girl. It splattered onto her thigh and her stomach. She begged me for just a few more seconds rubbing her clit, which I happily gave her. Since she didn't need to pump me anymore, her hands were free and she held me in an embrace. She shooed a couple of the other girls away saying she had dibs. It was nice being held by her, and her body tensed more as i rubbed her to completion. She finally let out an orgasmic scream that echoed off the shower walls and she gripped me even closer. When she finally came down, she was panting.

"See you next time." She grinned as she washed the semen off her and turned the shower off. "Unlike you, I actually do have to get dressed before class. Name is Wednesday by the way."

"I'll see you."

Wednesday shut off her shower and I watched her cute little ass as she turned to go to her locker. She was replaced with a redheaded girl. Freckles went down to her tits, which had nipples just a very light shade of pink and barely visible from the rest of her pale skin. She took a glance at my cock, which was still at half mast. The girls that were helping clean me hadn't really slowed down and were even beginning to rub my half erect dick. I was getting hard again, and so they stroked me fully. The redhead said nothing as she showered while watching the only girls stroke me.

This time took longer than last time, but even so, again, I was about to cum. Just before I could, though, Coach Susan came in and shooed the girls away.

"I know this is great, but we don't have all day. Stephen, you're only entitled to one relief. Please finish showering and get on out of there."

"Yes, Coach," I said, embarassed.

"Also, Stephen," she said.

"Yes, Coach?"

"Good work." The coach winked at me before walking away. I noticed her ass and thick hips then in her sweatpants that were loose, but also tight in the right places.

"Thanks, Coach."

I quickly finished my shower, and regrettably had to ignore my blue balls and the naked girls as I dried off with a towel from the bin of clean towels. When I was done, I tossed it into the dirty towel bin and made my way outside. I definitely took the time to check out all the scenery on the way out. The girls that were shy about my presence had apparently gotten over their shyness. Many were in towels by now, drying off from the shower, but they didn't hesitate to take their towels off when done. Wednesday was in a towel and she waved her hand to get my attention. She opened it up to show her naked body to me again, before putting on her black lace panties and bra. She buttoned up her white top and pulled on her black skirt before doing pulling her socks on. After her shoes were on, it looked like she was about to approach me for conversation, but then Coach Susan stopped her and took her to the office. Without knowing what was up, or how long she would be, I left.

The sunlight stung my eyes as I walked outside. Stephanie was easy enough to find as the only naked girl outside in the crowd of guys. She greeted me as I approached her.

"How was your shower?" Stephanie asked.

"Fucking amazing!" I went into detail about how Wednesday jacked me off while I cleaned her body. And then there were so many horny girls that Coach Susan had to shoo them away. Stephanie found the story amusing and she laughed when Susan had to chase them away.

"So that's why you're still hard."

I looked down and nodded. "Yep. I came, and then the girls got me all excited again. How about you?"

"Great!" Stephanie looked behind her at the guys. Most were openly staring at her ass. "Got a lot of well endowed guys at this school. I got covered with quite a bit of jizz as dudes jacked off under the pretense of 'washing it'. Didn't mind though, since I was in the shower and it washes right off. One dude asked for personal assistance, which I was happy to help with."

"Which one?" I looked into the crowd to see if I could figure it out.

"Can't tell you," Stephanie grinned. "He definitely enjoyed his handjob, though."

"I bet he did," I told her. "You give such great ones."

"Well thank you." Stephanie sighed. "I got no relief of my own, though."

I noticed that her nipples were pretty pointy and her eyes barely left my dick for the whole conversation. "I think we have our lunch break right after gym."

Stephanie let out a long exhale. "Well, I know what I'm doing on my break."

"I can help you." I said it without even thinking.

Stephanie simply nodded. "I could use some help, let's go, I have an idea."

Hearing that Stephanie actively wanted my help sent a thrill through my body and down my dick. We waited for the bell. Several more guys and girls joined us outside as we waited. Oddly, I couldn't find Wednesday in the crowd. Ah well, I'd see her tomorrow.

The bell rang, and Stephanie guided me around the back of the gym. We walked to the quad that was adjacent to the cafeteria. There were picnic tables and trees for shade. A few students who brought their lunches were already preparing to eat. Stephanie sat down on the ground near a tree. Her legs spread, letting me see her pussy openly and clearly. I took in the sight of her pink folds for several long seconds.

"Are we about to fuck?" I asked her.

"Not yet," Stephanie said. The fact that she said 'not yet' instead of 'no' intrigued me. "For now, please just eat me out. I need you to eat my pussy."

I lowered myself to the ground so that my head was between Stephanie's thighs. Blades of grass tickled my hard dick. My face got close to her sex and I inhaled her scent. Being this close, I saw the individual follicles of her shaved pussy. It was so smooth with only the slightest hint of stubble. I kissed her inner thigh and she lightly ran her fingers through my hair. I kissed closer to her center and she let out a small gasp when I finally kissed her pussy lip.

I licked up and around Stephanie's pussy lips. She squirmed slightly, and I watched her nipples harden. As tempting as it was to squeeze them, my hands cupped her ass while my tongue found her clit. Stephanie's moans grew louder as her fingernails dug into my scalp.

"Oh fuck, Stephen!" Stephanie cried. "Please, more!"

I lapped her sex faster, and her moans got louder. I could only imagine the crowd staring at us as we did this, but I didn't care. In fact, I started to get excited at an audience.

"69!" Stephanie cried.

"Hmm?" I managed without taking my mouth off her.

"Bring your dick up here!" Stephanie demanded. "I need to feel it in my mouth."

Without taking my mouth off Stephanie's snatch, I positioned myself into the 69. As soon as it was within range of her, Stephanie grabbed me by my butt for leverage and brought my dick the rest of the way to her face. Her warm, wet mouth took me in and she sucked hungrily. In excitement, I licked her cunt faster. Her muffled moans vibrated my cock, and my fingernails dug into her ass while I neared my release. Our bodies squirmed together. Her orgasmic moans were muffled in her mouth, which was being filled with my seed.

Stephanie swallowed my cum, and I wiped her fluid off my face with my forearm. I stood first, and then helped her off the ground. She brushed some loose blades of grass off my butt and I did the same to her. She smiled at me. "Thanks. You eat pussy very well."

"Well thank you," I told her. "You're good at sucking dick."

Stephanie winked at me. "I know. Come on, let's go get some lunch."

We stood in line like everyone else getting lunch. Several guys congratulated me on eating Stephanie out and said how much they envied me.

The cafeteria workers served us the food. It smelled better than cafeteria food that I remember, and looked even better too. The mashed potatoes looked like actual mashed potatoes and not just something mixed with water. And instead of mystery meat, it was real steak. For a second I panicked because I didn't have a meal card, but after getting our food and our drink, there was nobody to scan it.

"Is the food...free?"

"Looks that way," Stephanie said. We shrugged and left the area to find a seat. We did our best to find a seat away from everyone else so we could enjoy our food.

The steak was medium rare, just how I enjoyed it. Stephanie's was a bit more rare, which she said that's exactly how she likes her steak. Funny how that worked out. A couple minutes into the meal, and I broke the silence.

"Hey Stephanie, you seem a bit more OK with this situation," I said. "Like, you didn't hesitate to take off your clothes this morning, and you seem to enjoy the attention you get."

"Well, I'm a little used to being naked around others," Stephanie said.

"You're a nudist?"

Stephanie laughed. "No, I'm a stripper."

"A stripper?!" The image of Stephanie naked on a stage, surrounded by dollar bills and drunk men entered my head. I imagined her twerking on a pole and burying men's faces in her tits.

"Started when I turned 18 a couple months ago. Love it. I get all kinds of attention, and the money is great. Just gotta know how to draw boundaries with the troublemakers."

"I bet you're the hottest girl there."

"I'd say so." Stephanie winked.

"Man, a stripper," I mused. "That's pretty hot."

"Glad you think so," Stephanie said. "I stopped due to the recent move. I'll have to see if I can find another strip club around here. Haven't seen one."

"I just moved to this area, too," I told her.

"Yeah? How you like it?"

"The school is a little weird."

Stephanie nodded. "Very."

Another set of Program participants came to join us at the table. It was the nerdy girl with bushy hair, and the slim guy. I know the guy was named Robert. He was slim with very little muscle tone. His dick was slightly bigger than mine. He was shaved all over. Hailey had a similar build with petite boobs, a cute small butt, and trimmed pubes.

"Hello fellow naked people," Robert told us.

"Hey man," I said. I looked at the girl. "What was your name again?"

"Lindsay. Well, I go by either Hailey or Lindsay. I prefer Lindsay though."

Lindsay was noticeably less shy than she was this morning. In fact, she seemed bursting to tell us something. When she finally opened her mouth, she was clearly excited. "So, have you, you know. Felt his weiner yet?"

Stephanie chuckled. "Yes, I've given him a handjob and we 69'd by the tree a few minutes ago."

Lindsay was grinning ear to ear, and also staring at my dick. Getting her attention made it stir. "You took him in your mouth?! How was it?"

Stephanie looked at me and grinned. "It was great. Big enough for me to really get my lips around it, and his cum tastes amazing."

"I bet it does!" Hailey licked her lips while looking at my junk. Knowing that she was imagining what my semen tasted like got me even harder. "Robert's is delicious as well."

I gave him a knowing look, and Robert nodded with a grin.

"Well, I didn't suck it like you did," Lindsay elaborated. "But we demonstrated masturbation in our sex ed class, and I let him cum in my mouth. And I jacked him off next class, again, right into my mouth."

Robert nodded. "It's been a great day today. I also got a BJ from our math teacher this morning."

"Who?"

"Valerie."

"I had her too," I said. "She only gave me a handy, though."

"Had to be in her first period class, man." Robert grinned. "She's fucking awesome."

"You had gym yet?" I asked.

"Second period," Robert said. "These fucking cheerleaders man, holy shit."

"I nearly came twice," I said.

"Nice," Robert nodded. "I came on a girl's tits."

"I saw so many dicks," Lindsay said. "So many masturbated to me right in the shower. I couldn't believe it. I was scared at first, but this is so invigorating."

All four of us exchanged tales of what we did today. It was exciting seeing Lindsay bursting out of her bubble. She definitely wasn't the same girl who barely wanted to take her clothes off this morning. The bell eventually rang, and we had to part ways to our next class. When it was just Stephanie and I in the hall, Stephanie lightly touched my erection.

"I see Lindsay got you pretty perked up. Or was is that for me, again?"

"I mean, both," I told her.

"I appreciate your honesty." Stephanie's finger traced a line up one of the veins of my cock. "If I'm being honest, I got some urges burning in me as well."

"Hey, Stephanie," I said.

"Yes, Stephen?" Stephanie was beginning to jack me off without me even asking her to.

"So, you used to be a stripper."

"Yep." Stephanie spit onto my dick and started to pump.

"Can I get a lap dance from you?"

"Oh, I bet you'd like that, wouldn't you?" Stephanie's mouth got close to my ear and she licked my earlobe. "I bet you want this body against yours."

I simply nodded.

"Then you'll have to wait."

"Wait?"

Stephanie nodded. "We have two more classes. If you don't get relief again by the time school is out, then I'll give you a lap dance."

"I can do that." Going another two hours with a raging boner and no relief sounded like torture. But it meant a naked lap dance from Stephanie, so I wasn't about to complain. I tried to focus on something us to make my boner go away. Tiles, lockers, anything. The next class. Math. A^2 +B^2 =C^2. Man the math teacher has some rocking titties. I wonder if I'll get to see them tomorrow. No Stephen. Bad Stephen. Stephen needs to be punished! No, stop it!

As my thoughts battled internally, my body went to autopilot and followed Stephanie to my next class. My raging boner waving left and right with each step I took.

Computer Science. Well, this couldn't be too bad. The teacher was young. Like, she barely looked older than the students. Her raven hair was cut into a pixie cut. It showed her youthful face very nicely. Her outfit was something I never saw before outside of sci-fi. It was this black one piece outfit that clung to her skin. It left little to the imagination, and I could even see her stiff nipples through it. So i knew that she had no bra on.

"Ah, program participants. Welcome. My name is Galatea."

Stephanie and I both returned the greeting.

"Stephen, it looks like you could use some relief. Care to take care of that before class starts?"

Stephanie raised her eyebrow and smirked. "Well, do you?"

I sighed. "No thanks."

"You sure?" Galatea repeated and licked her lips. "I can help you."

The image of Galatea on her knees sucking my dick entered my head. I so badly wanted to, but I wanted Stephanie's lap dance more, so I declined again. We walked past her, and Stephanie nudged me.

"Good job. I know that took a lot of strength."

When Galatea taught, her voice had little inflection and was kind of hard to follow. She was also teaching a programming course that I had never heard of before. Someone next to me was browsing porn on their computer and when I took the screensaver off mine, sure enough, there was a folder clearly marked porn. There was even a.exe file that looked like a porn game. What the fuck?! How has this not been purged?! Well, I wasn't about to tell the teacher about it if she didn't already know. I wasn't ballsy enough to fire it up in class like the guy next to me either, and porn was the last thing I needed if I wanted to make it to the end of the day.

When class ended, I breathed a sigh. Just one more class. My awkward boner waving walk through the halls as I walked beside Stephanie. I knew just about everyone we passed was staring at it. Even Stephanie was eyeballing it.

The last class was history, mercifully enough. This was the first teacher that actually looked old that I've seen at this school, come to think of it. He was built like a bean pole with a bald head and a thick white mustache. He visibly perked up at the sight of Stephanie and made a joke how excited I was around her. He chuckled at his own joke before continuing.

"Now, young man, if you need to take care of that, feel free to do so," he turned to Stephanie. "Same to you, miss. If you got something you need to take care of, please do."

I simply shook my head and proceeded into class. Stephanie was right behind me. The teacher, who introduced himself only as Ben was very passionate about his subject. He taught it in a way that made me think he had been there. He was visibly distracted by Stephanie's nudity, but other than that, he carried on as usual. It seemed like this class was unusually short, and the bell rang.

"I made it!"

"You did," Stephanie smiled. "Let's go to the lunch area."

Navigating through the sea of students was cumbersome since we were going the opposite way that most were going. We made it through the crowd and to the lunch area. Picnic tables sat empty, and Stephanie guided me to one.

"Sit."

I sat. "What's the rule on touching?"

"You've earned the premium VIP dance. Feel free to touch anywhere that's not inside my body."

I could hardly believe what she said. I could touch everything?

Stephanie reached into her backpack and retrieved her phone. She turned on some pop music before setting it back on the table. Her hips swayed to the beat, and my eyes fixed on the slit on her pussy. I'd seen it all day, but this show was just for me, and I enjoyed it.

Stephanie's fingernails raked my shoulders for a pleasurable sensation. Her breasts were inches from my face and she made them jiggle in front of me. Hard nipples kissed my cheek seconds before her tits engulfed my face. She pressed my face hard into her tits. My hands explored her body, which she made no attempt to stop me. I grabbed her firm ass and squeezed. She only let out a little moan before licking my earlobe. Her tongue traced a line down my neck before she kissed my collarbone. She flicked my nipple slightly, getting a moan from me.

Stephanie's body lowered until she was on her knees. Her face was inches from my cock, and I could feel her warm breath on it. To my amazement, she kissed it. She kissed it again and let her tongue touch it ever so slightly. I felt like I was ready to burst. She got on all fours and I reached to smack her ass. It left a red handprint on her butt and she grinned before standing.

Stephanie turned around and for a moment I worried that it was over until her her hips swayed again. Now I was looking at her ass. Muscles moved under her skin as she moved her body. She bent forward so that I got a glimpse of her pussy lips. They glistened in the sunlight. Her ass slowly backed up until she was in my lap. Her bare back leaned against my bare chest. Her bare thighs rested on mine. My dick was hotdogged between her ass cheeks. She clenched her ass around me until I groaned, and then she swayed to the music with me. I could feel her dampness on my balls and I reached to cup her breasts. When I did, her hands closed over mine to encourage me to squeeze them and she danced on my cock faster.

"You have such a nice cock, Stephen," Said Stephanie with a squeeze.

"Thank you. You have nice, well, everything."

"Aren't you just the smooth talker." Stephanie breathed. She took one of the hands on her breast and guided me down to her clit. Her sex was dripping with lust and she moaned loudly as I rubbed her. Her ass was crushing my cock now. It hurt so good.

"Stephen, I need something."

"Relief?"

Stephanie nodded and turned her head slightly to kiss me. "But more."

"Like, all the way?"

Stephanie nodded. "I know I said you could touch anywhere that's not inside my body, but now I need a little more."

I returned the nod. Stephanie rose her body slightly so that my dick was no longer touching her butt. Her fingers wrapped around my member, and she positioned it so that the tip pressed against her wet opening. Her body lowered so that her pussy took more of my length within her. We moaned out our excitement together as I entered her warm, wet pussy. Her walls clenched my dick while she went up and down on it. I gripped her titties and she rode me even faster. She moaned louder when I rubbed her nipples.

"It's not as obvious on me, but I've been so fucking turned on all day," Stephanie panted as she rode me. "I need this dick. I've been thinking about this all day."

I rubbed her clit faster and she got louder. I raised my hips with meet her thrusts and she begged for more. "More Stephen! More! I'm almost there!"

"Me too!" I panted.

"Now!" Stephanie's entire body went stiff and her moans turned into screams. Her pussy squeezed my cock and I blasted inside her body. Her orifice milked every drop, and we rode each other's orgasms right there out in the open.

We both shined with sweat when we were done. She collapsed in my lap with my cock still soaking inside her. She kissed my chin. Her tits rose and fell with each deep breath.

"Every guy I met today wishes he was in your position right now."

I nodded.

"But only you are." Stephanie kissed my lips and stood. My dick slid out of her, and I let out an involuntary moan when my glans slipped passed from her lower lips. A bead of semen dripped from her snatch and fell to the ground. My cock shined from her juice.

It was time to head home naked now. My parents didn't seem to care this morning that I'd be naked at school, though I wondered if their minds would change when they actually saw me in all my glory.
