
A World of My Choosing
 
An Out-of-this-World Story by
Gil Gamesh

Chapter Fifty-Two


Its a meeting of the leadership council first, I answered. Later, we might do something else.

Aiden frowned. David, I told you I wasnt sure I was ready to do something else.

I know. Were going to have a council meeting first. For the purposes of this meeting, you are a voting member. After that, you can leave if you want to.

He nodded.

 The first order of business is Tobys request for another sex play party. Anna wants to make a motion.

I nodded to her.

I move we appoint a committee comprised of the four youngest kids, two sets of twins, and let them plan the format this time. The motion includes a warning that we trust them to come up with a program which is readily acceptable to all of us.

I second Annas motion, Matt said.

Aimee, when is the next window of opportunity for all women to participate? I asked.

David, you must understand that I can never predict such an event with absolute certainty. I will make an estimate but it is little more than an educated guess.

Thats good enough, Aimee, I said. Anna has tried to teach this befuddled male about the mysterious lunacity of women.

I cringed just before she hit me.

I didnt say lunacy, I protested. Jean-Nicole hit me from the other direction but not too hard. I yelped anyway.

There will be a window of opportunity eleven days from now, Aimee said when she stopped giggling. It is a two-day window in which all females may participate. The next window after that is approximately thirty-three days from now.

Any discussion? I asked with a straight face.

You would let four thirteen or fourteen-year-old kids decide what to do? Aiden asked.

Aiden, to speak about the motion, you must hold your hand up and be recognized before you speak, I said.

He held his hand up, I nodded to him, and he repeated his question.

Yes, Aiden, I said. We must always trust them to be responsible. If anybody disapproves, they can participate or stay away. Nobody is forced to do anything here. The kids will want everybody to participate. They will come up with something we all want to do. 

I looked around and didnt see any more hands up.

Any more discussion?

Silence.

All in favor, raise your hand, I said.

Aiden shook his head but he raised his hand with six others.

Motion presented, discussed, and approved unanimously, I said. In the absence of any other business, this meeting of the leadership council is concluded.

Well, I like your way of running things, Aiden said, smiling. 



Aimee, do you want to play too? Matt asked. You didnt raise your hand.

Dont tease me, Matt, she said. I am quite capable of finding a partner and participating. I prefer to watch, however. I learn a great deal about all of you by watching your sexual activities.

Jean-Nicole slapped him gently behind the head and then giggled.

Aimee asked a question. David, what is the meaning of the word lunacity? It does not appear in any dictionary in my library.

The moon, Luna, and women both have a lunar cycle, hence lunacity.

My explanation seemed to satisfy everybody. They either shook their head or smiled.

Jean-Nicole immediately crawled over some other legs, straddled mine, and slid her hands up my thighs until they bumped into my testicles. My penis was swollen but soft and relaxed as it always is in the warmth of our home. She wrapped one soft hand around it, stroked it a few times, leaned over, licked from scrotum to head, sucked on the head for a few seconds, and then straightened up and sat there looking at it as it quickly grew to a real stiffy. I looked around and saw everybody else was also watching it wake up. I stretched my scrotum down to show off Monsters entire length.

Show off, Jean-Nicole muttered. I stuck my tongue out at her. She giggled. I stuck my tongue out again and wiggled it. She smiled and nodded.

You promise? she whispered. I nodded vigorously. 

Aiden, I told you I was an operating-room nurse when you first arrived, Anna said. Do you remember?

Aiden took his eyes off my tianga and looked at her. Yes.

Anna crawled over to Iain, settled on his legs, gave his tianga a half-dozen strokes, bent over, and gave it a quick licking tongue bath. He put his hands on her shoulders. She shrugged them off, gave his dick a few slurping sucks, and finally kissed it on the shiny head. Then she straightened up and continued with her story. This time we all watched Iains tianga rouse its sleepy head.

Perhaps I had a natural ability for that sort of work, she said. The surgeons all trusted me and wanted me on their team. I even performed surgery on occasion, with an exhausted surgeon directing me. What I want to tell you about, though, is what a couple of other nurses and I sometimes did late at night.

I looked at Aidens face and saw him raise his eyebrows. I knew what she was going to tell him. Jean-Nicole resumed sucking my dick and I watched what she was doing.

Aiden, at night, I would make the rounds with another nurse. We checked our patients meds and wounds and then made them comfortable for the night. Some of them, we masturbated so they would sleep better.

I glanced at Matt and saw him smiling. I felt sure Caitlyn and Jean-Nicole had heard about what the nurses did to help their patients sleep. Good sleeping pill, he whispered.

Caitlyn crawled over to Matts legs, straddled them, held his almost-hard tianga upright, slowly stroked it a few times, licked from his balls to the head, sucked on the head a few seconds, and then sat upright again. This time, it was Matts dick that woke up and looked around. I looked at Aidens face. He was smiling.

Anna ignored what Jean-Nicole and Caitlyn had done. Some had catheters but most didnt. Wed pretend that giving their good parts a warm sponge bath was just routine care. If they got an erection, wed close the door and jack them off. Do you know why we did it?

Aiden shook his head. 

Aiden, some of them were just boys, not even twenty. Maybe theyd lost part of a leg or an arm from an IED and they were depressed wondering what their life was going to be like. We always complimented each one on the size of his penis or how beautiful it was, just anything to help him realize that he was still a man and his sex life wasnt over. We did it for them, Aiden, not for us.

I glanced down at Aidens dick. It had been warm and swollen, flopped across one thigh a little, when he sat down beside me. Now it had crawled around to point at his navel and had swelled into a partial erection. He had a damned nice one, about as big as Iains. I smiled. He was going to respond just as Anna had predicted, at least his tianga was.

Then Jean-Nicole left me all alone and straddled Aidens legs. She sat there for a moment looking at his face and then said Well? He smiled a little and nodded his head just once.

She bent over and her beautiful blonde hair fell like a curtain around her head. I looked at Aidens face, saw his eyes close, and a slight smile appear on his lips. I knew he liked what she was doing. What man doesnt like to have his dick sucked by a beautiful woman? He just worries too much, I thought. She straightened up for a moment to catch her breath and I saw a wet shining head on a hard-on that any man would be proud to have.

Aiden, do you want to leave or stay? Anna asked.

He grinned. With Jean-Nicoles hand wrapped around his tianga, he knew it wanted to stay and he gave in to its persuasion. Ill stay, he said.

With that, three gals, Anna, Caitlyn, and Jean-Nicole, turned their attention to the other three guys, Matt, Iain, and Aiden, all ready to stay and play. I watched hands stroking up and down, tongues licking from balls to crowns, and mouths sucking on dicks, even though none of the play involved me. I was about to complain that I was losing my hard-on when Caitlyn left Matt and straddled my legs. The three women looked at each other, nodded, and began rotating.

I lay there with my hands clasped on my stomach while three women rotated around on four men, just playing, licking, sucking, stroking. When Jean-Nicole rotated back to me for the second time, I stuck out my tongue and wiggled it again. Later tonight, I whispered. She smiled and lowered her head. I couldnt see my tianga and tolos anymore; all I could see was the top of her head.

I knew the ladies would watch carefully for signs of any impending eruption and were just going to tease us until four guys were ready to hide their tiangas in some juicy bouchis. Since Id stopped letting my beast loose with Anna, I wanted to let it free, perhaps with Jean-Nicole, maybe with Caitlyn. Then I thought of something I wanted to do first.

Gentlemen, the ladies have been kind enough to awaken four tiangas from slumber tonight, I said. I think we should return their kindness; dont you?

What do you have in mind, David? Aiden asked.

Well, first I think we should help them get in a comfortable position, on their backs, one pillow under their heads and another under their hips. Then we should gently raise their knees and spread their legs. After that I think the four of us should use our tongues instead of our tiangas and see if we can warm them up a little.

Yeah, I like that idea, Matt said. Let me start with Jean-Nicole and then do Caitlyn and then Anna. As soon as I get through with Jean-Nicole, one of you guys can pick up where I leave off.

That sounds good to me, Iain said. What do you think, Aiden?

Count me in, he said I want to be next after Matt.

For the next fifteen or so minutes, thats what we did, four guys rotating around and licking three pussys. If the bouchi bunch could have stopped giggling long enough, perhaps we could have given one or more of them a good orgasm. Maybe the guys had their tongues in the girls bouchis but their hands were groping and goosing and teasing in other good places so I couldnt blame them for squirming and laughing. After I finished with Anna, and I was last, I thought we might do something else.

Ladies, Aidens our guest tonight, I said, looking at three beautiful women in the position for some good fucking, especially with three wet and shining bouchis. I think we should ask him if hes ready for a little gift from one of you.

All three of the ladies straightened up on elbows. Six pairs of eyes turned to Aiden and we waited.

I know what Id like to do, he said. Anna, David, you really dont mind?

Anna answered for both of us. Ok, Aiden, Ill jack you off if thats what you really want.

He smiled at her teasing reply. Thats not what I want.

Anna immediately assumed the position again, knees raised and parted, arms up in welcome. Aiden moved between her legs and leaned over her on straight arms. I wondered why Aiden chose her when he had two younger beautiful women and she was now quite-evidently pregnant. 

He explained. Anna, I simply want you to hold me. Thats all. Do you understand?

Yes, I understand, she said. I want a stiff tianga in my bouchi. Do you understand?

He smiled again, a broad, happy-looking smile, the biggest smile Id seen on his face. I guessed at why he only wanted to be held. Perhaps it was because Anna was pregnant with our twins and he had loved his wife while she was pregnant with their twins about fourteen years ago. Perhaps he was trying to recapture the memory of some of the happiest days of his life.

She reached both hands between their bodies and I watched Aidens ass while he did what most guys do, easing his dick in her pussy, pulling back, easing it in a little deeper, pulling back, until his balls acted as a doorstop to his dick.

He settled down on her, gave her a quick smack on the lips and then put his cheek next to hers. She put her arms around his chest with one hand behind his head and wrapped her long legs around his waist with ankles locked and one heel at the top of his ass crack. 

I looked to the side and saw Jean-Nicole with Iain, just getting settled under him, one arm around his chest, the other between their bodies, his arms under her, hands around her shoulders. She wrapped her other arm around his chest and her legs around his waist.  I knew there was another hard tianga in another juicy bouchi.  I couldnt see his face but I could see hers. Her eyes were closed and she looked like she was in heaven.

I looked farther and saw Caitlyn with Matt. She was in a mirror position with Jean-Nicole, underneath Matt, arms around his chest, legs around his waist, Matts butt slowly moving up and down. Her face looked like she was suffering a good stretching. His dick was a little bigger than Iains in girth and maybe she was having a hard time from having it all stuffed in her pussy.

Did you like it when she held you like this? Anna whispered to Aiden.

Yes, he whispered back. There was something special about being held by her when she was carrying our twins. I loved her, Anna. Do you mind me thinking about her while Im with you?

Of course not, Aiden, Anna said. You should always think of her. That tells me a lot about the marriage you two had.

It was so good, Anna, he whispered. We had a perfect life until they killed her.

Never forget her, Aiden, Anna said. Always hold her sacred in your heart.

I cant turn loose of my love for her, Anna, he said. Thats why I dont know whether I can find love with another woman.

Aiden, our hearts are big enough to love more than one person, Anna said. Maybe youll find another woman and love her in a different way. Open your heart to that possibility.

My tianga was the only one not in a bouchi but it was satisfied for the moment with my hand stroking it. Jean-Nicole looked at me and what I was stroking, then pointed at herself first and then at me second.

I shook my head no. I was in no hurry. I knew I was going to make love with either her or Caitlyn as well as with my wife, just sweet slow gentle love as we had so many times before. I lay there content for the moment, looking at Aiden on top of Anna, not moving, then at Jean-Nicole and Caitlyn, under Iain and Matt, both guys just quietly easing up and down and grinning.

I heard Aiden sniff a couple of times and I wondered if he was like James, so affected by his emotions that he was on the verge of crying. No one seemed to be in a hurry. Iain and Matt were polishing the knobs on their dicks in two juicy bouchis, my hand was making love to my dick, and Aiden and Anna were quietly whispering to each other. Finally, he seemed to have been loved enough for the moment. He rolled off, smiled at her, smiled, at me, and flopped on his back.

Jean-Nicole immediately left Iain with a stiff dick, wiggled her way between me and Aiden, flopped on her back, and held up her arms to me.

OK, big boy, are you ready to let your beast loose? she leered at me. Im ready to let my tiger out of its cage.

I was ready. I looked at Anna, smiling at me, squirmed between Jean-Nicoles legs, looked at her beautiful gray eyes, and held myself up on stiff arms for her to invite me in. She held my monster between her soft hands and showed it where to go. I gradually eased it in until most of it was in her, watching her face smiling up at me. I glanced at Anna and she smiled with dimples and nodded.

Iain moved around my butt and crawled up between Annas legs.

Would you do me like you did Aiden? he asked.

Jean-Nicole and I watched until he was belly to belly with her and his face was hidden behind her cheek. I glanced to the other side and saw Caitlyn watching what Anna and Iain were doing while Matt was still slowly easing up and down on her. I glanced at Aidens face. He was smiling and shaking his head like he couldnt believe what he was seeing and doing.

I wanted Jean-Nicole, wanted so damned much to let my beast loose, but then one last thought came to me, that I should let Aiden first do what I wanted to do. Perhaps I could do it second. It wouldnt be the first time Id had sloppy-seconds. Perhaps I could have sloppy seconds on Jean-Nicole or Caitlyn. Maybe I could have sloppy thirds with the other one of them but I knew who I should make love with for my first time tonight.

I saw Matt and Caitlyn, her with her ankles around his neck and her arms around his chest, him with his hands curled around he shoulders to hold her in place for the fucking he intended to give her. I watched until he kissed her with an open mouth, until she opened to him, and until he started moving his hips. Matt groaned and, I couldnt help it, I groaned back.

Damn, it was hard but I pulled out and moved back out of the way.

Jean-Nicole, please take care of Aiden first. Hes our guest.

She smiled, nodded, and held out her arms to him. I watched as she wrapped him up with her long arms and legs and he started moving his hips up and down.  She reached her hand up behind his head, pulled it down, and opened her mouth to him. I watched until he had a good rhythm going and then I looked at my wife.

I crawled over to Anna and Iain, slapped him on the ass, and used my thumb to tell him he was out. He shook his head but he rolled off her. I crawled around behind my wife, spooned up to her, and nestled my hard tianga in the warm spot between her thighs. She raised one leg, used her hand to guide the head to where I wanted it to go, and I slid my dick in about half way.

Iain, my wife likes to have someone suck on her breasts while shes being loved, I said. Would you do us the honor?

<><><>

Over the course of the next month, I learned three important things from Aiden. The first was that he was the maintenance man for all groups from Iains old world.  The second was about how different sexual attitudes are in Aidens world from ours. The third was that the universe or universes were much more incomprehensible and unbelievable than either Iain or Rene had understood from their meager knowledge.

<><><>

Maintenance man? That was how Aiden described his work. He was the individual who could maintain the transporters in North Georgia, in Ireland, and in Switzerland. His duties frequently took him to these three groups to maintain or repair or fine tune each transporter. He was also the man who was called upon to do the same for any simpler equipment from their universe which the groups used. Finally, he was able to easily understand and help with any of my old Earths equipment which a group used. In short, if it was mechanical, Aiden was the man. 

He has shown us how to use some of the tools in the secret room and Matt and I are already using one of them, a laser saw. It is a hand-held relatively-light battery-powered device with a curved arm from which a laser beam is ejected and, about a half meter away, caught in the end of the curved arm. The user must hold the saw in two places and, if one hand is removed, the beam immediately stops. Perhaps its dangerous to use but no more so than a chain saw. It cuts through trees like a hot knife through butter.

Weve cut down a few close-by pine trees, tall and straight, cut the trunks up into half-meter sections, and then transported the sections down the mountain to the big terrace. Matt and I are using froes and mallets to split off shingles. Were both muscular enough to do it easily but James and Toby and Aiden are also making shingles occasionally. We want enough to shingle a roof of the log-cabin were planning to build down near this side of the isthmus. Weve already made a big stack of shingles in a sunny spot on the terrace to dry.

Down the mountain, near the isthmus, weve chosen the site for the satellite dwelling and have marked trees in the vicinity. Were going to use hardwood trees for the first two tiers of logs and then use pines for the rest. Well build four walls first with no doors or windows and then cut out at least a door before finishing with the roof. After that, well have to find something to caulk between the logs. That seems to be the way our ancestors did.  

<><><>

The second thing I learned was more about the sexual culture of Aidens old world. Iain had said that there was no pervasive religious belief and Aiden reinforced that. He also told me more about their sexual attitudes.

One night after supper, Aiden and I went out to the highest level of the terraces to talk. During the course of our conversation, I told him that Anna and I had slept with his twins and with the other twins, all at the same time. He shrugged it off immediately. Then I told him that they had not slept with us for sex; they had slept with us for love. The four of them had come to us shortly after supper one night and asked if they could sleep with me and Anna and they told me why. I didnt even ask Anna. I told them they would be most welcome.

Thats how we ended up, all six of us in bed, together, naked as the day we were born. At first I was at one end of the bed with Pyotr and Brian and Anna was with Petra and Brianne. We talked, we swapped bed partners, and then we slept together. 

At first, the boys were cuddled up to me, flat on my back, their heads on my shoulders, arms around me, my arms around their shoulders, my hand stroking their hair. The girls were in a mirror position with Anna. Our long legs were tangled up in the middle of the bed.

We talked about their lives, about what was happening to their young bodies, about how unsure they were about sex, about what they were supposed to do. All four were book knowledgeable about sex but short of experience and they were playing together, Pyotr with Brianne and Petra with Brian. Anna and I tried to give them guidance to consider their partners needs as well as their own and to be slow and gentle for a while before letting the beast loose. 

Pyotr confessed that he and Brian had on one occasion played at oral sex, with the girls watching. Then they watched Petra and Brianne with their heads between each others thighs. They werent worried about the rightness or wrongness of what they did. They were just having fun, exploring sex and the bodies of both sexes.

Later, we swapped and I cuddled the girls while Anna held the boys. Still later, Pyotr swapped with Brian so that I held him and Petra while Anna held Brian and Brianne. I was sleepy but I tried to be patient and to help in answering their thousand questions. All of this happened without a single hard-on rearing its head.

That happened later during the night. We were sleeping with me in the middle with Petras little body in front of me, me spooned up to her, with Pyotr behind me, cuddled up to my rear, one hand over my chest. I was awakened with Pyotrs prodigious pecker prodding me in my posterior. He wasnt moving so I wasnt worried about being fucked. I assumed it was just another nocturnal erection, normal in all males, or a piss-hard but not a horny reaction. 

I untangled and tried to crawl out of bed without disturbing anybody. I had to piss, not urgently, but enough to make a trip to the toilet worthwhile. I was standing at the urinal when Pyotr assumed the position next to me. Then Brian staggered in and took the other side. When the three of us returned to our bedchamber, the females were gone. We sat on the side of the bed until they returned and them we all cuddled up in two piles again.

Aiden smiled while I was telling his all this. He wasnt shocked. He and his wife had also slept with their kids on occasion, not for sex but, for love. He hadnt done it since his arrival but he would do it if Anna and I would take the other set of twins. I agreed. Then he asked if I had ever had oral sex with another man while Anna watched. I admitted that I had. I told him that I had also watched her have oral sex with another woman. He said that women must be like that because he had done the same thing and then watched his wife with another woman.

Maybe were from different universes but in some ways were not so different.

<><><>

The third thing was still incomprehensible. Aiden reluctantly tried to explain the cosmology of the universe, as far as he understood it, but even that little knowledge was impossible to comprehend. His scientists did believe that there were alternative universes existing in the same time/space but perhaps a better understanding of their theory was that there were multiple versions of the same universe existing at the same time in the same space. 

As far as I could understand, they believed that my previous world, Earth, as we called it, existed in multiple versions as Iains old world also called Earth - translated from their language - and as the world in which we now existed - which we were already calling Earth. 

They had no idea how many versions of Earth existed or why there were differences among the versions of the universe. They posited that all universes were like clocks once set to the same time but which had somehow slowed or accelerated individually with the passage of time. I understood that our scientists believed that our universe came into existence billions of years ago with a Big Bang, at which point, time and space were also created. I cant pretend to understand that either but I accept it.

They also believed that, on each Earth, evolutionary forces brought life into existence and then made that life develop in a myriad of ways. On some earths, mankind had blossomed into being; on some, it had not. Aiden and I had come into existence on two different Earths where mankind existed and had both been transported to one where mankind had not evolved. 

 Perhaps that meant that at some time on some versions of earth, there were exact copies, maybe better thought of as originals, of me and Aiden and everyone who existed or had existed. I remembered a term from somewhere: doppelgangers, physical doubles of the same person. I had always assumed that I was unique in my universe and I could not wrap my mind around the concept of another David going his merry way on another version of Earth.

In her knowledge of Iain and Aidens world, Aimee had a full and meticulous explanation of the theory. I tried to read her translation but it was like trying to understand classical Greek. I tried to comprehend it but my mind was adamant in its explanation of what it saw and could not fathom the theory. It was a posited but perhaps incomplete explanation of what scientists knew to be true even though it violated everyones ordinary mindset, just as Einsteins Theory of Relativity was incomprehensible to the laymans mind.

<><><>

Even more unbelievable is what Iain is coaxing me to do. In my other life, I would never have dreamed of doing it and had no idea it was possible. It is singing opera. Hes working with me on Recondita Armonia, a romanza from Tosca by Puccini. He says its usually sung by someone with a tenor voice but he wants to see if I can do it in my baritone, just to determine my voice range. Move over, Bocelli, he says. Next I suppose hell have me playing the violin and saying Move over, Beethoven.

Hes also working with all of us with songs from one of his favorite Broadway musicals. West Side Story. Hes Tony and Caitlyn is Maria. Everybody is involved, even if its just singing in the chorus. Hes trying to get the Mouseketeers to do a couple of the dance routines, when they can stop giggling long enough.

Hes also working with different ones in learning to read music and to play one of the instruments weve received. I think Im beginning to hear music and not just sour notes from the lounge chamber. I want to learn to play his tallum if I ever get a chance.

And while were on the subject of song and dance, we had two dance nights. The first one was indoors in the central hallway and everybody was dressed in our nicest clothes. We warmed up with two marches, the Stars and Stripes Forever march and the Radetzky March. We then tried two waltzes, The Blue Danube and Plasir DAmour. 

For the waltzes we had to dance with partners other than our usual. Since we had one extra male, Iain and I each sat out for one waltz. I watched Aiden with Rene and saw some beautiful dancing.

After that Aimee turned the lights down low and we slow danced to songs like Round Midnight, Falling in Love Again, and When I Fall in Love and four other songs. Again, we had to rotate around and dance with someone different each time, while one guy sat out.

The second dance night was outdoors, naked, around a huge fire in the fire pit, first marching to Semper Fidelis, next dancing to Jog Din Oas, and, after we rested up for a while, dancing to Jog Din Oas again. 

Im not sure we should call it dancing when Aimee plays Jog Din Oas. Perhaps we should call it a cardio-vascular workout because we end each session with bellowing lungs and racing hearts and exhausted bodies. Perhaps its simply free-form dancing, with each of us doing whatever our bodies want to do. As the repetitions get louder and faster, our bodies respond until our minds shut down and our bodies assume control until finally, with the ending repetition, were cavorting or prancing so fast that were just mindless bodies trying to follow the music.

<><><>

Im not sure what to think of something that happened with the two sets of twins. For some reason, Aimee gave them a book called Art and Culture for their tablets. They looked at the pictures and ended up arguing about one particular statue. Aimee gave them an assignment and thats where I became involved.

One night after dinner, Petra and Pyotr and Brian and Brianne corralled me to pose for them. They posed me naked, with my right hand holding a string over my right shoulder and the left hand beside my thigh and holding a small stone, with my head looking to the side and my weight on one foot. I had absolutely no idea what we were doing and why.

Then they used their tablets to take pictures of me standing there, front, sides, rear, looking up, and, standing on a table, looking down, close-ups of head, hands, arms, legs, feet, back, and finally genitals and butt. Anna insisted on brushing my hair before the photo session.

The four of them then went back to their table and began talking, looking at two tablets at the same time. I was curious, of course, but I washed dishes anyway. When we finished, I went to their table and saw what they were doing. They were looking at images of Michelangelos David and of me and comparing the two.

As I walked up behind Brianne and Pyotr, I heard her say that she liked our David better. Pyotr asked her why and she answered that I was more muscular and had a bigger tianga.

Well, what are we going to tell Aimee? Brian asked. She wants us to tell her what differences we see but weve also got to try to explain why there are differences.

Our Davids better looking too, Petra said. Hes more like a real man, not like some pretty boy statue. His tolos are bigger too and theyre like a real mans.

Shut up, Petra, Pyotr said. Were supposed to compare and explain the differences in everything, not just dicks and balls. 

Well, there must be some reason why Michelangelo gave his David a little kids equipment, Brian said. Hes got a mans body so is he a man or a little boy?

I shook my head and went looking for Anna. 

<><><> 

Most of us spent two days doing gardening chores. In the first month of the year, we had planted three kinds of potatoes: Yukon gold, red, and russet. We also had sweet potatoes but they are a warm weather crop, were planted in the fourth month, and would be ready in about the eighth month.

Now, in the fifth month, the vines of the cold-weather potatoes had almost died back and the potatoes were ready to be harvested. Matt and I both had teams, Iain, James, and Pyotr for me, Aiden, Toby, and Brian for him.

Matt and I used garden forks to break the soil and gently lift as many of the potatoes as possible. Our teams used their hands to gently scratch through the soil to find the potatoes and carry them to the women at the end of the rows. The girls then gently brushed the dirt off and sorted them into large unblemished, small unblemished, and blemished from the tines of the fork. My grandfather had taught me to lightly clean the potatoes and never to wash them until they were needed. When each kind of potato had been dug, we used a backpack train of fifteen mules to carry them the ten minutes or so up the mountain to home.

The original crop of russet potatoes growing in the mulch pile just off the terrace also matured at the same time. I assigned the Mouseketeers to harvesting that smaller crop whenever they wished.

Matt and I next used garden forks to break the soil around the onions. The Peruvian sweet, Vidalia sweet, and Italian red onions had all matured at the same time as the potatoes. The tops of the giant yellow onions were still mostly green and I wanted to wait to harvest them. With their hold on the earth loosened, our teams then pulled the onions up by the withered tops, a small bundle in each hand, and carried them to the ladies to do a light cleaning and to tie them up in bundles. Again, we used a backpack train to carry then home. 

Weve constructed bamboo racks to suspend the onions and small bins to hold the potatoes. An unused bedroom is now a storeroom. The racks of onions completely cover two walls. The bins of potatoes, about two feet high, cover about half the floor of the room,

Anna griped at her light duties but I didnt listen. Everybody understood that she could not carry a full load of work in the fifth month of her pregnancy. After lunch, she and Jean-Nicole stayed home to prepare our evening mean. About mid-afternoon, she called via Aimee and requested two sou-chefs, Petra and Brianne. 

After the potatoes and onions had been harvested, we picked some of our new crop of vegetables: snow peas, radishes, lettuces, spinach, Chinese cabbage, and even immature carrots. I had no idea what sort of salad Jean-Nicole would concoct but I knew it would be delicious.

Last, we weeded and thinned and looked for worms on the vegetables we had set out in the fourth month. We had incorporated just the lightest of bat fertilizer in the vegetable rows and everything seemed green and healthy.

Lucky wandered the woods close to our garden and occasionally checked to see that James was OK. The cloudless sky was a pale blue, the warm sun was shining on us and our garden, a slight breeze was blowing up the mountain as usual, and everybody seemed happy to be working together. It was just another couple of days in paradise.

 
<><><>

After a particularly-strong spring storm, I asked if anyone wanted to go to the isthmus to see what we could get. I wanted oysters so Jean-Nicole could make us a few delicious oyster casseroles but I knew we frequently found something unexpected, like turtles. Everybody wanted to go. Maybe Aiden didnt yet know what an isthmus expedition was but Brian and Brianne hanging on to his hands and begging him to go convinced him.

As usual we set off before daylight, dressed in light clothing, with spears and at least one other weapon. Perhaps I had too many weapons but I was the primary protector and I wanted to be sure I could do my job. I had the Boys strapped around my waist, the Brute and a quiver if arrows on my back, a sword behind my left shoulder, and a spear in my right hand. We had the big pot making its rounds among different carriers and being used in different imaginative ways. Some of us also carried tablets and one of the tablets was always on so Aimee could experience her first isthmus visit.

A little after daybreak, we had a pit stop, boys to the left, girls to the right, and then ate breakfast on the way. After that, the singing started and didnt stop except for an occasional easy-walking part of the path where we marched in a two-person wide formation. Matt called cadence for us and we marched once, tallest in front, and again, shortest leading the way.

We were only a little way out on the isthmus when we got our first surprise. The south side of the isthmus was littered with what I suppose was seaweed. It wasnt large kelp, the kind which grows off the West Coast. It was smaller, a vivid green, and piled up in clusters.  I knew some oriental cultures ate it dried, especially in sushi, but I had no idea what we could do with it.

We meandered and explored both sides of the isthmus until we were about halfway across and found nothing else new. Each time we harvested oysters, I tried to remember the location so we could move to a new area. We made two teams - me with James and Aiden and Brian, Matt with Iain, Toby, and Pyotr - stripped naked, and began. The morning was already warm enough to be comfortable but the water was still a little cold. No matter, I pried the oysters off rocks with a mattock and let them fall. James and Aiden and Brian didnt object even when they had to duck under water to retrieve them and get them to the waiting females.

The time was close to noon when we had our second surprise. We had a huge pile of oysters ready to be shucked and I was thinking of slurping a few raw ones for lunch when it happened. Anna and Jean-Nicole were our guards this time, armed with paint-ball guns. Anna yelled, Pigs, David! A momma pig and a bunch of little ones.

The two oystering crews left the water and went to see. A huge sow, probably twice as big as me, and a large number of immature little porkers were wandering along on the south side of the isthmus, heads down, eating seaweed. I guessed the piglets weight as about thirty pounds, certainly big enough for good eating. I tried to count the little ones and finally decided that there were at least ten. I stood and watched for a minute, trying to decide what to do.

Anna, Jean-Nicole, see if you can put mamma pig to sleep, I said.

They took turns and quickly had the momma pig slumbering on her side. A mad melee of little porkers immediately squirmed and fought to find a teat to suck on. We all stood and watched for a moment and I decided what I wanted.

Toby, James, see if you can find two young males in that mess, I said. Grab them by the legs and drag them back down the beach a ways. Petra and Pyotr, Brianne and Brian, you kill them and then cut their throats to let them bleed out.

As expected, Brianne protested. I dont want to kill them and I cant cut their throats. Why are you so mean?

She looked at Aiden, her father, her ultimate source of protection, for help. He dropped to one knee and took both her hands in his.

Bri, Davids not being mean to you, he said. He wants you to learn from this. Were omnivores. We eat meat and vegetables and most anything else because evolution has programmed our bodies to be healthy with that way of eating. You kill the little pig with your spear and let Brian cut its throat. You can do it.

Toby and James finally sorted out two males and were dragging them down the beach. The four Mouseketeer twins picked up their spears and were about to follow. I thought of one more thing I could do. I pulled Big Boy and Little Boy out of my scabbard.

Here, Brian, Pyotr, I said and held out the knives. Let Brianne and Petra kill the piglets and then you two cut their throats.

A little after lunch, we returned home carrying two field-dressed young pigs on two bamboo poles, a big pot of shucked oysters on another pole, two backpacks of unshucked oysters on two backs, two backpacks full of seaweed, one backpack full of miscellaneous sea critters in shells for bouillabaisse, and fifteen bellies full of a good lunch including baked and raw oysters. I know everybody ate baked oysters and I think most ate some raw. Im not sure what we can do with seaweed but maybe Jean-Nicole can find something to do with it.  

<><><>

On two of their explorations, the eight Mouseketeers saw the goats which Aimee said were on the mountain. The second time, they were able to count the number of goats, nine mature and three little ones. I wanted some sort of shelter close to home to begin to domesticate them, hopefully, for a source of milk and cheese. Aiden and Matt and I found a place on the lowest terrace where we could excavate a shelter in the rock for them. 

Aiden knows how to get the excavation robots running again so Ive tasked him with that job. He also says he can easily program them to create a sheltered room for the goats in the rocks below our shelter. He says the robots can also be used to create post holes around the perimeter of the terrace. Weve already cut enough large bamboo to make a fence and its drying where we cut it until we need it. Matt is in charge of the fence. The goats can always find water from the many streams on the mountain but they will need a water source when they are fenced in. James and Toby are charged with finding a path to run water somehow to the goat pen.

<><><>

As the time for our sex play party neared, I realized that the time for another arrival was also immanent. I had no idea who might be sent but I hoped it might be someone as a partner for Aiden. If a woman arrived before the party, I also had no idea how she would view the party. Aiden seemed accepting of our ways but not without some difficulty. A woman might have even more difficulty. 

I pondered the situation but I finally realized that there was little I could do aside from accepting whatever happens. Some things are simply beyond my control. 


TO BE CONTINUED:



1


