Accidental Exhibitionism
byLongshlongsilver©

Accidental Exhibitionism Pt. 01

Authors Note: This is my first ever story for literotica or any other site for that matter. I left out details of the physical appearance of the character on purpose, I don't want to limit viewers to my personal description of how I think she should look. I think everyone has their own preferred standards for these things so I want you to create that image for yourself. Also, this is based on a fantasy I have had, location wasn't specified on purpose and the name of the character is a random name I thought of. I hope you enjoy the story.

*****

It was the beginning of summer and I was closing up the stand for the night. Mom had already gone home leaving me alone to close up this time. Our family have owned the snow cone stand for a long time now, so I knew what I was doing. "It's such a warm and beautiful Friday night and I have the weekend off, so I should celebrate!" I said to myself. It was midnight and the other businesses had already closed, and the grassy hill where the stand was, although next to the road, lead to an area secluded enough for me to relax away from the public. I took the ice cooler outside down the hill and sat for a little while, looking up at the stars that lined the sky.

I then took out my water bottle cold from the cooler and took a good drink. It's still really hot out even with the sun having been down for awhile. And then a dirty thought came to my head. What if I stripped my clothes off to expose my body to the cool night air. I giggled at the thought, and sat for a little while longer. Looking around me, it was dead. I lived in a small city and everyone was probably at home going to bed, I still haven't heard or seen any cars since I left the stand. "Why not?" 

I walked back up the hill to the snow cone stand and started taking off my shirt. But I hesitated and poked my head out the window towards the street and looked both ways. "Still no one at all" I sighed, and took off my shirt and placed it on the counter I had cleared. Already so much better, I kept removing my clothes and placing them on the counter until I was in only my bra and panties. I stood there very aware of all around me, I still hadn't heard or seen anything. So I undid my bra and pushed down my panties letting them fall to the ground at my feet. There I stood, completely nude and I placed my undergarments on the counter with my other clothes. 

I once again peered out the window toward the street looking both directions, I could hear repetitive noises in the distance, probably cars driving in the late night. No lights coming down the street or nearby traffic light, I closed the window. "No turning back now." I slowly opened the door in the back and looked every which way. Still as dead as ever, so I walked slowly back down the hill to the cooler, already I was getting warm down there. I sat down and took a drink of water, then looked around again, it felt so risky being out here like this! But it felt so nice, I let my free hand go slowly down my waist and explore a bit. 

I felt tingles as I felt the wetness between my legs. I put my bottle down with my other hand and used it to rub big circles around my left nipple. Then I felt a breeze come in cooling my body making me shake and shiver a bit, it felt so nice! I was still very warm and got a crazy idea, I set the bottle beside the cooler and opened it up. Getting more cool water in my bottle I filled it up full of ice cold water, then I pored it on the top of my head, getting my body wet, I shivered a bit, but it felt so good in the warm night air. There were some towels back in the shack we let customers use when the seats outside got hot that I could use to dry off after. I took an ice cube in each hand and rubbed one around my nipple and the other i plunged into me. 

I gasped at the feeling. I let it sit inside my pussy while I took the other ice cube and put it in my mouth and then rubbed my nipples, which started getting harder. With my other hand, I grabbed the cube still within me which had begun to melt a bit, and as i moved it back out slowly I audibly gasped again. Oh gosh this felt good! As I kept working my nipples with one hand and ice cube, I once again placed the other ice cube back inside me letting it sit again and started playing with my clit. My motions started getting faster and I started to let out pleasurable squeals, and finally as I felt it coming I squeezed my left breast and clit hard as I bucked in waves of pleasure inching the ice cube out of my pussy I let it fall to the ground as I rubbed a bit more.

Oh gosh that felt really good! As I came back into reality, regaining my breath, I looked around and remembered where I was and placed an arm over my boobs instinctively as I looked around and listened for any noise. Still nobody around this late at night though, and I lowered my arm and stood up slowly. I was still wet (some places more than others) as I grabbed my bottle and put it in the cooler and brought the thing up the hill to the snow cone stand, looking both ways again as I neared the top, and placed the cooler by the door. I turned the handle, confused for a bit by it not opening I remembered I need a key to open it when we lock it at night, I had left it by the cooler. I walked back down the hill to where the grass was still indented by where the cooler had sat and looked around, only water and what remained of the ice cubes. "Stay calm, you just put it in the cooler... or something." I said uncertainly. 

I jogged back up and opened the cooler, all I could see was ice, water, and of course my water bottle. There I stood naked, wet and a bit cool from the dark summer night. "No, please no!" I walked to the edge of the stand and peeked around the corner to the street, still no sounds or lights coming by, so I ran around to the front. There was the sign on top our small blue stand displaying "Snow Cones" and below it, the window. I pushed up on the glass but it was no use, it wouldn't budge. I turned around sat on the ground in defeat for a moment, then seeing the road and car lights in the distance remembered where I was and quickly stood up and ran to the back. 

"Ok, the back is locked and the window is too, neither of them will open, and I don't have a key..." I was trapped, I couldn't do anything, I was once again completely aware of how wet, naked, and aroused I was. "Well I guess there's no other choice... I have to get home naked." I looked around frantically for anything I could possibly cover up with, but with no such luck. The stores nearby were all closed, my stand was obviously closed, no materials to use to cover up with, just the glass windows and doors. I took a long breath and stood there for a minute or so.

I have had fantasies of being naked in public before, but that's all they were, just fantasies. I had no intention of actually being placed in this situation, yet here I am! I slowly approached the corner of my stand once again, peeked around the corner and saw and heard nothing. As I was passing by the window on my stand, I was shocked as I saw myself and the way my body looked wet from all the water and how it somehow made me look even more naked the way I shined. "Oh my gosh!" I covered myself and felt my face get warm out of embarrassment of what was to come. I couldn't just stand there and pout though, I needed to get moving. I lived about three miles away from the snow cone stand, and through that was traffic lights and streets I would have to cross. 

I also had the option of trying to cut through neighborhoods to try and avoid a more public route that could expose me to more people driving, but I am not incredibly confident I could find a way through. Worst case scenario for that would be I would have to back track and go the direct route through major roads anyway. So I just decided I would have to just go with it and take the guaranteed but most risky route ahead of me. 

I started walking when I had been sure that no cars were coming either way, as I continued, I couldn't help but notice my nipples were still stiff and erect! I was still aroused, and the breeze on my wet skin certainly didn't help my situation. As I approached the light close to the stand I turned each way seeing no cars, I was relieved, but then when I looked up I remembered the cameras on top of the traffic lights! I covered up in embarrassment, "people watch them during the night I'm pretty sure, oh gosh, how well can they see and how far do the cameras see?" I started running across the cross walk and just kept going further down the sidewalk till I was a good distance from the light and then dropped my arms and walked catching my breath. And then, my nightmare became true. I heard it as it was approaching getting pretty close, I had still been walking with my guard down, and as it slowly passed, I saw the silhouette in the car seemingly facing my direction as it moved slowly past me. 

And I stood there like a deer in headlights unable to move, granting a view of all of me in my naked, wet glory. As it had distanced itself from me ahead and had regained speed, I dropped to the ground beet red and covered my lady parts for a good minute. "Oh gosh! I really hope that was a girl!" I slowly stood up and looked all around to make sure no other cars approached before lowering my arms and continuing on my path. At times like this I really wish I was a better runner, I knew I couldn't keep up a fast pace or else when a car approached and I needed my speed to hide, I wouldn't be able to. After the ordeal I noticed that my nipples were still hard, my body seems to betray me as I seem to still be aroused! 

How is it possible that this extremely embarrassing situation is exciting me so much? I must continue, best not dwell on it, I need to switch sides of the road, this side had only a fence that was on the exterior of a middle school, so I quickly ran across to the other side of the road that had houses and businesses. It also added much more cover for me as if the other side had any cover.

I kept moving on trying to be aware of every sight and noise. Cars would pass periodically and I was able to manage to find cover behind a tree or parked car. And then I approached the next crosswalk, I needed to get to the other side of the street again, because this side had less cover than the other side. There were cars waiting for the light to turn green, so I kept hidden behind a nearby tree until I heard them drive off. It didn't indicate that I had the right away to walk across so I hesitated and hit the switch to wait, before deciding it didn't matter and started heading across. The sign switched to indicate I could cross while I was walking, but I had a new problem, I hadn't been paying attention and a car's headlights lit up to my right and it was getting close! I made it to the other side, but there was no cover except the pole which didn't really offer much. I hid behind it best I could and hit he button to cross again further up the road. But the sign remained a red hand indicating I couldn't walk, and the car slowed to a halt at the light right next to me. I grew very red in the face again and covered myself as best I could and to my dismay I saw through the window two young guys looking right at the naked woman before them. 

The window rolled open, "Looks like it's our lucky night Jack!" "Yeah, it sure is! Wow she's so shiny in this dark night, is she oiled up?" I was still wet from earlier, this was so much more embarrassing! "Looks like she's to scared to do anything! This is great!" Then to my horror I saw them both start raising up their phones. 

"EEK" I yelped, I started running across the crosswalk with my hands now moving to hopefully cover my butt from them. As I ran off I heard laughter fade away in the distance as I got further and further, I found a wall I could hide behind and catch my breath. As I lay there, I felt a familiar warmth down my body, again I wondered how I was so aroused. I let my hand explore around my pussy which seemed to be wet from all the excitement. I couldn't resist the urges and I plunged my finger deep into my pussy and let out a gasp, I started caressing my breast with my left hand as my right continued. My hand moved in and out rhythmically with my left hand, gradually getting faster as I felt the tension building up. I was lost in my own world at this point and I let out gasps as the pleasure intensified. 

As I neared climax I rubbed my clit with my wet fingers until I pushed down and held tight as my hips convulsed and I had an amazing orgasm! I caught my breath and opened my eyes and looked around, readjusting to reality. That felt really good, but my pussy was now dripping a bit of juices from all the excitement I've had all night, so if I get seen up close by anybody, it will be even more embarrassing! No, I'm already still wet from the water I used to cool of,f they won't be able to tell the difference, right? I didn't try to think about it to much, I had to get home before someone came by again. I peeked around the corner both ways, and let a car pass before moving out again. I was starting to get close to home, but it felt so much longer of a walk then when I normally walk home from the snow cone stand, probably because of all the hiding and excitement. 

I examined the sides of the streets before me, I was approaching the last stretch of main road before I could start heading into my neighborhood. This area will be risky, both sides had really no cover as the businesses were closed for the night and cars were gone because nobody was at work. There were occasional street lamps, but they didn't afford much cover, so I would have to just cover myself with my arms if anyone came by and hope they didn't follow me. I looked each direction down the roads, it seemed clear enough to proceed, but it was hard to tell if car lights in the distance would come this way, and if so, when they would be upon me. I took a deep breath and crossed to the left side of the road, as I would need to be on it to go into my neighborhood anyways. I continued on, once again totally aware of my surroundings and any sounds around me. As I approached the final light before I could turn into my neighborhood, I heard a car approaching from behind me and I booked it, I started turning into my neighborhood praying they wouldn't follow, but to my horror I heard the car approaching me. Still running, the driver's window rolled down as the car easily matched my pace, I saw it was a young couple. 

"Wow! Just look at her go! Are you streaking or did you lose a bet or something?" The man said. 

As I was turning right on a curve I exposed more of my body to them, the woman leaned over and said, "Look, she's all wet, especially down there! I think she likes this!" I saw flashes out of my peripherals and was shocked to see her phone camera taking pictures. 

"EEK!" I yelped, and tried to cover myself as I kept running, sacrificing a bit of speed to hopefully keep covered, I was getting close to my house, but they just kept matching my pace and taking pictures.

The woman was giggling and the man was grinning ear to ear as I ran to my house and hid behind a tree in the front yard. "Looks like the shows over, oh well, thanks for the beautiful performance!" He honked and they drove off laughing fading as they got further away. 

I breathed heavily trying to catch my breath, looking each direction, afraid someone had heard the car honk, nobody was out at this time though. My older brother's light up in his room was on which indicated he was still up, probably playing games, hopefully he didn't hear that. To my knowledge, my older and younger brothers have never seen me naked, maybe in my underwear or dressed for bed a couple times, but never in the nude, and I REALLY didn't want to change that. Other lights in the house seemed to be off, the rest of the family probably retired for the night, so I approached the front door, finally safe, and turned the handle. No, please no, the door was locked. Calm down Amanda, there is a spare key in the garage, just go through the side door and we can get through this. 

I went up to the side door and turned the handle. You've got to be kidding me, this one locked too? The only other way in was the back sliding door which was almost certainly locked as well, but I tried it anyways to no avail. I could get into the garage but that would mean opening the loud garage door which would very much likely get the attention of someone if not everyone in the house. Looks like this night isn't over quite yet...


