Title: Metamorphosis
Author: bobwhite
Summary: A stand-alone adventure from the ORF universe.
Keywords: MF mc

Metamorphosis by bobwhite

                          * * * * * * * * * *

Author's note: This is the first story I've done that is a stand-alone
"adventure" of two of my characters from ORF. It was written as part
of the MC Forum's One-Sentence Story Idea contest, started by Feryk
(Email: feryk2@yahoo.com) on 6/18/04. It had to be no more than 1500
words (which mine is, exactly), and it had to contain the sentence
"Just for the record: My breasts are probably bigger than hers." I
wrote it rather quickly, but I'm pleased at how it came out. Enjoy!

                          * * * * * * * * * *

My new life began in a taxi. I know, it sounds like some corny thing a
woman tells her daughter during "The Talk," but this incarnation of my
life really did start in a taxi. I used to have short brown hair, A-
cup breasts, and a healthily conservative view of sexuality. But
that's not me anymore; and I'm somehow the only one who knows it.

I was on my way to my class at the local university--a computer class,
as I recall--when I decided to share my cab with a couple who were
going to the university, too. They got right in when I did. She was
shorter than me with blond hair and C-cup breasts ('Lucky bitch,' I
thought, being myself tall and rail-thin with a pair of knockers that
barely filled an A cup). He was... well, rather ordinary-looking and
altogether unremarkable. But, he was very handsome. The only thing
that really bothered me about sharing the cab ride was the fact that
she simply would not stop hanging all over him.

She kissed his neck as they talked business (I still don't remember
what it was about). Then, she started rubbing his dick through his
pants, I noticed with a sigh and a twinge of jealousy. By the time the
driver had dropped her off at the main office of the university (my
destination was further ahead), she had been rubbing her tits through
her shirt with one hand while the other... well, was busy elsewhere.

When he and I got out, I told him to follow me to the computer labs. I
also started speaking aloud about how I felt about his girlfriend's
earlier public display of affection. He seemed most amused at my
prudishness, as I casually mentioned that no proper woman would try to
give a man a hand job in a taxi in front of a stranger. Inside,
though, I was jealous--every time I looked back to see if he was
listening, my eyes went to the huge bulge in his pants.

Knowing that his girl could rub that wonderful cock anytime she wanted
it reminded me both of my earlier jealousy and my current condition...
I knew anyone could see my nipples poking through my white silk
blouse. I got so jealous, in fact, that my verbal opinions became more
personal. I stopped walking and turned to him.

"How far does she think she can go in life, hanging all over every
hunk like some... blonde bimbo?" I asked.

"She does fine," he answered, "and she's kind-of in love with me. At
least she knows how to rub a man when he needs a good rubbing." As he
said that, he slid around behind me, and I felt his bulge with my ass.
I wasn't about to be dismissed without at least showing him how good I
could be for him. I ground my ass right back into that bulge -oh, it
was huge!

I leaned back and faced him. "Yeah, like nobody can figure out how
to..." and, lifting one leg and lightly placing my soaked thong right
over the bulge, I continued, "... rub a man. And that hair! How much
bleach does it take today to keep a man!" I resumed my walk. 'I don't
remember wearing a thong today; I usually save those for dates,' I
absently thought.

With my back to him, one hand went under my blouse. Thankfully, there
was no bra to keep me from pinching my nipples. My other hand was
busy... elsewhere. Again, I was happy that I didn't wear underwear at
all. I could lightly diddle my clit while we walked since nobody was
around. When we walked down the stairs into the entrance of the Tech
building, my finger "accidentally" slipped inside, and I came.

He seemed too amused by my sudden loss of control--even though I
nearly fell and had completely soaked my skirt. It had to go--who
wants a chick in a wet skirt? Besides, I needed him to see that she
wasn't for him, that I was the only one he would need. "And the way
she's dressed! A micro-skirt!! You could see her panties!" He laughed,
because I had the same problem with my skirts--if I wore panties. I
hadn't since I moved out of mom and dad's house, though.

"Please, we've got class to attend," he retorted. I knew, though, that
he wanted to play more, and I had to have him. I needed him. But, we
were at the entrance to the building. I had insulted every part of her
I could--her public displays, her fake-looking hair, her trashy
clothes, her small breasts compared to mine--wait! Her tits! I never
said a word about them! What was she, a C-cup? I had been sporting
DD's since my sophomore year in high school, which was the last time I
cut my flowing, wavy black hair.

I turned to him, openly masturbating, and made my final argument. "If
you don't think I'd be a better fucktoy than that bimbo you came with,
that'sssss..." I trailed off, hitting a good spot and quickly
increasing speed to finish off that little climax. "...F.f.f.fffine.
Mmmmm." My hands were now on my tits, rubbing them and pinching the
nipples. "But just for the record: my breasts are probably bigger than
hers." There wasn't a probably about it; mine were bigger, especially
on my shorter frame. Being short and big-titted had gotten me any man
I'd ever wanted, and a few women, too.

He grabbed my blouse and ripped it open, completely exposing my sweaty
body. I was his--I hung onto his arms, hoping he would touch me...
anywhere. And he did! He kissed me hard on the mouth, and liquid fire
spread over my skin anywhere his flesh touched--no, burned--mine.
Every inch of me screamed with desire to touch him, and I had him
undressed in seconds.

Once his clothes were out of the way, we were on the floor. I was on
top of him, pressing into his flesh with every ounce of my weight, the
fire of his being burning me deliciously. In a bit of random
inspiration, I turned 180 degrees so he could eat me... and when that
tongue hit my folds, I came again. His tongue was so fast, so strong,
so knowing, and so long! It plunged into my depths as his finger
teased my asshole. That's when I got so verbal I just knew somebody
would hear. But I didn't care.

For my part, I tried blowing his 9" cock--but before I figured out how
to get it all in my mouth, he slapped my ass, and that was my signal.

I got up and positioned myself so that I could slip my now steaming
pussy right down onto his pole. And that's what I did, watching him
the whole time. As I moved up and down with a speed I didn't know I
could muster, I moaned and then screamed louder and more incoherent
than ever before. As wet as I was, I was still very tight and much
more friction was hitting my clit than I thought was anatomically
possible! Soon, every third or forth thrust was a small orgasm.

He was sweating a little, and I was sopping wet from head to toe. I
felt the heat rise within his member and he grabbed me and brought me
in for a kiss--while I still was pounding into him. The new position
somehow felt even better than the first one, which was my all-time
favorite. Then, he squeezed his eyes shut and let out a throaty...

"Aaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhh!" As I felt his hot seed explode into my deepest
places, the pleasure of my biggest orgasm ever tore into every fiber
of my being--if anybody were around, my scream may have deafened them.
I was shaking wildly and my pussy clenched down so hard that when I
rose from him, I drained him. Then, I fell asleep.

I woke up, clothed in my normal knee-length skirt and silk blouse. My
normal thong and bra, however, were both gone. Adjusting my blouse
over my DD-cup breasts, I gave them one more playful squeeze (the
nipples getting extra attention) before making my way to the computer
lab for class.

                          * * * * * * * * * *

"So, you couldn't even wait till we got to the sorority house,
Xavier?" Jenny teased. "I don't blame ya. That one had lots of
potential... and unless my nose is lying to me," she whispered,
closing the distance between them, "you helped her realize it."

"What do you mean, I couldn't wait? You were masturbating right there
in the cab! Besides, she had self-image issues. You'd be surprised
what she really thought about you," Xavier said, rationalizing the
creation of Alexis's new reality as a super-hot and super-smart babe.

"And for the record," Xavier continued, "her breasts are larger than
yours, now."

                          * * * * * * * * * *

(c) 2004, bobwhite.  All rights reserved.  All wrongs also reserved.