Megann's Fantasy
by nisaea©


-You'll have to excuse me for my English; it's not my first language. I don't 
think it'll cause you big problems to read, but you'll certainly find some 
mistakes. -

* * * * *

"Is the sun with us today?" That's the first thing Megann asks herself in this 
burning hot summer morning. Still lying on her black satin sheets, she pulls her 
blinds cord all the way down to reveal a shining sun. At the same moment, her 
room is filled with hot rays, hot rays that end up embracing her whole body. 
When she sees the faint glimmers of the light loosing itself in her dense red 
bush, a smile comes to her face. "Maybe I could live out the fantasy I so long 
dreamed about?" After turning around on her bed, she spreads her legs apart and 
lets the sun directly reach her pussy, adding more heat to her cherished lips. 
Still quite sleepy, she slowly rubs her fingers against the skin between her 
bush and her thigh, stirring up mellow feelings. Suddenly, as if all the spicy 
dreams she had that night were focusing their effects at the same time, Megann 
feels the surge of emotions rising from deep within. In an instant, a faint film 
of fluid emerges freely and coats her luscious lips. Her eyes now wide open, she 
knows that this is a definite sign; yes she must act out her fantasy, and she 
must do it today. 

But just as she was about to get up, she decides that she's going to linger a 
bit longer, savoring the feelings of her nudity under the sun. As she moves her 
left hand towards her legs, the one that was already there makes it's way lower 
around her bush. After a long and deep plunge inside her warmth, two fingers 
come back out and gently move up to that precious little pearl. With the 
softness of a feather, they barely touch it while sliding their glistening 
length up and down. With her other hand, she spreads open her slit and sinks 
another two fingers inside her. Pressing down on the right hand with her palm, 
she increases the pressure on her clit. Boiling now from within, the familiar 
feelings surge throughout her body. The shivers she now feels will, she knows 
that without a doubt, turn into convulsion of pure pleasure. And by the copious 
amount of her overflowing juices, she knows that it won't be long. 

Bringing back in her mind the images of her last boyfriend, Mike, that so dearly 
liked to taste her pussy, she imagines that her fingers are his long tongue, 
searching forever for more of her juices. With a mild laugh, she remembers how 
much he blessed her for the unbelievable amount of juice she could offer him. 
With no apparent reason, since the early beginning of her adolescence, Megann 
always had really wet climaxes. Now, at 21, this particular effect has spread to 
every phase of her orgasms, from the first touch until she finally explodes. 
Already, she feels the wet sheets under her upper thighs. It only took a few 
minutes, but it was more than enough to make fill herself with more than enough 
fluids...

Lost in her ministrations, she hears her door crackling open. With a smile she 
awaits her only lover, as she feels him climb on the bed. With her eyes still 
closed, she longs for his first touch. Softly, her cat Max touches her elbow and 
walks up on Megann. With a mellow step on her left breast, he continues a bit 
farther, before lying down in the recess of her arms. It only takes a few 
seconds before he begins to purr loudly, filling Megann with exquisite feelings. 
Slowly rubbing his head against her breast, he doesn't even begin to know the 
feelings he creates inside the womb of his heavy breathing mistress. 

Still rubbing her right hand's fingers between her left hand and her moist 
mound, Megann now feels the desired fires coming alive. When barely audible 
moans break the silence, Max lifts his head and looks at the twisting head of 
his unusually warm mistress. Stretching a bit, he reaches to the source of the 
moans and rubs his head against Megann's neck, adding even more softness to her 
already sweet feelings. When her climax ignite, she slides her feet close to her 
hips and raises her ass off the bed. At that moment Max slides down over 
Megann's breasts and then all around her neck. Completely lost in herself, she 
doesn't even realize that Max is now up on the bed, looking at her with a feline 
curiosity. When her moans turn into screams, Max backs up even more, unable to 
understand the carnal rage that consumes Megann's whole being. 

Quickly looking at the few golden drops that fall from Megann's engorged pussy, 
Max now looks back at her face while she slowly lets herself fall back on the 
bed. A few seconds later, Max's curiosity drives him to walk back on Megann and 
head directly between her legs, intrigued by the weird and powerful smell. Just 
as he was about to taste that strange mixture, he feels Megann's hands pulling 
him back. "That's not for you to taste Max. Try to behave yourself you bad 
kitty!"

After holding him a few more minutes, she gets up and walks to her kitchen. 
While opening the small can for Max, she looks out her huge window at her 
neighbor. He doesn't shy away from her nudity. She offers him a friendly smile 
as he moves back from his window. Since the day they met on the street, she 
decided to let him see her naked every morning as long as he doesn't stand 
gaping in front of the window. He had learned that over the weeks, and was now 
content to look at her from a bit farther, hidden in the shadow. He knew 
perfectly well that she stayed that long nude in the kitchen on purpose, and 
also knew that he didn't want to loose his luck by asking her out...

Half an hour later, she's back in her room, looking for two pieces of clothing 
she almost never wore; tiny jeans cut-offs with a specially cut shirt. What's 
meant by "specially" is quite obvious; the material is quite stretchy and it 
barely covers her breasts. Letting her whole belly, from the very low waistline 
of the cut-offs to the dangerously high line that defines her shirt, completely 
nude for anyone to see and enjoy! And of course, since this is a fantasy, she 
doesn't wear any kind of underwear. Even though her lacy see-through panties are 
tempting her, she prefers taking the risk of exposing her small tattoo for any 
lucky guy... or girl! Who knows? She's had this round flower tattoo, red yellow 
and orange, just above her bush since she was sixteen. 

One of her friends, Peter, had just finished to learn how to do them. After 
lying down on a table, with her pants on the floor, she had held her sexy 
panties low enough for him to work. But what he ignored for the first few 
minutes was that Megann used her thumb to caress her clit. When she became too 
hot to control her moving hips, Peter understood. It took more time than it 
should have, but the flower still has something incredibly sensual about it. 
It's true that when Megann decided to take of all her clothes, Peter knew this 
was not any king of tattoo she wanted. "The more you design it sexy, the greater 
your reward will be" She had said to him. So even though he wanted to finish 
quickly, he took his time and made an absolutely divine flower. And as a result, 
they fucked all night long, until he was not able to get hard anymore...

After dressing up for her day, Megann fixes her hair with a few clamps. With a 
lot of rebel locks that hang all around her face and over her neck, she knows 
that her fire-red hair will attract a lot of stares. The only work she has to do 
today is a short homework with her long time friend Mary so se grabs her 
packsack and heads out of her room. Walking back through the kitchen, she takes 
and apple to eat on her way to college.

As soon as she turns the corner around the cafeteria and walks all the way 
across it, her heart beats suddenly quite fast. She nearly feels the stares all 
over her body, eating away the few clothes she has on. Stares on her back, her 
belly, her face, her neck, her breasts, her legs, her ass and of course her 
mystic bush and pussy, which are barely hidden today. Seeping form those desired 
lips to the thin crotch of her jeans, the first of many drop of her nectar tells 
Megann that this is going to be a long and special day. After finding Mary at 
her usual table, Megann joins her and sits in front of her, across the table 
where a few books are already opened. "-My God Megann, what got into you this 
morning? Had a wet dream, perhaps? -Not really, I simply want to live out a long 
dreamed fantasy, that's all. -Well, if you saw all the stares in your direction, 
you'd know that you were not the only one dreaming about it! -Perhaps... Mind if 
we head for a more private room to do this? I know it's not long, but I don't 
think we won't be able to do much work around here anyway."

Mary gladly accepts. During the few minutes it took them to reach a private 
room, dozens of passing strangers offered Megann a gentle smile, accompanied a 
few steps later by a "behind her back" probing stare. "-My God Megann, you're 
even exciting a few of the girls that pass by! -Yeah, I can see that!" Looking 
briefly at Mary's shirt, Megann points out to her friend that her nipples are 
quite hard and clearly showing through her tee-shirt, her quite small tee-shirt 
that is. Awkwardly, she tries to talk her way out of it. "-Well, you know, ...I 
can't ignore beauty when I see it!"

With that, they both started laughing, which is exactly what Mary wanted. But 
instead of forgetting about it, Megann saw in her friend's nervousness how 
sensitive she was of her charms. She remembers that during gym class, they often 
took her showers together, but only now does she realize that Mary always talked 
about breasts or any subjects that allowed her to stare openly at Megann's 
breasts or other private body part. One time, she even showed her how to detect 
augmented breasts; she moved around each breasts with her hands to tell her 
where to look for tiny scars, and then went right behind Megann to fondle them 
both, supposedly to show her how to weight them. One time, when they were alone 
in the gym's locker, still nude, she even asked Megann if she could show her 
where her G-point was. Of course, they had been talking about sex during the 
whole class and it didn't seem out of place at all, but now Megann wonders. 

Anyway, after preparing themselves to do their homework, Mary goes to the 
bathroom, leaving Megann alone in the small room, which has, at least, a window. 
Being on the second floor, she can see all around but to do so, she must bend 
down over the table, which greatly increases the sensual potential she now has. 
When she realizes that, she straightens up and thinks about Mary. "Should I do 
something about it?...I don't have a choice, I must. But what?" The idea 
suddenly pops up in her head. Turning back around, she places herself right as 
she was, except that she arches her back and ass a bit higher. Then, she unzips 
her cut-offs completely, knowing full well that when she'll turn around to face 
Mary, her bush will be in plain and public view. While waiting for Mary, 
Megann's heart beats once more rapidly, and her nipple harden their way through 
the stretched shirt. 

When Mary arrives, she sees Megann bent down over the table, with her legs 
slightly spread and her ass incredibly arched up. After closing her eyes for an 
instant, she says, once more to cheer up the ambiance; "-Megann, if I were a 
guy, I'd rape you right there..." But instead of the laugh she expected, Megann 
slowly says "-Be careful what you wish for..." After a short silence, Megann 
slowly turns around to expose her bush and stares at Mary. "-Mary, you can't 
even begin to understand how hot and willing I am today..."

It only takes Mary one second before understanding all the wonderful 
possibilities this "first contact" will have on their friendship. Without 
hesitating any longer, she locks the door, turns back around towards Megann and 
pulls off her tee shirt, revealing the perky breasts Megann just loves. A bit 
surprise, Megann only has the time to ask; "-Bra-less? -Always my dear!"

Even though Mary's breasts are rather small and coned shaped, their long nipples 
and the sexy bounce they have when she walks is simply overwhelming. And since 
Megann is now lost in a sexual raving, she can't control herself anymore. After 
pulling Mary's waist against her own, she bends forward and slips one of the 
phenomenal nipples between her lips. Drowned in Mary's delicate perfume, 
bewildered by the extreme softness of her other breasts against her cheek and 
feeling Mary's hands all over and under her own shirt, she realize that the day 
will be even more than amazing!

Mary's small moans increase quite a bit when she reaches under Megann's stretchy 
shirt and cups her ample breasts with both her hands. When she pulls it over 
Megann's head, Megann straightens up and pulls Mary closer for the kiss. As 
their tongues touch for the first time, their breasts do the same; the mellow 
and ample beauty of Megann's merging with the proud sexiness of Mary's. Moaning 
while their tongues passionately dance, both girls feel every bit of control 
seeping out of them; they've now turned into two lust nymphs. Nothing can stop 
them...

Moving her hand around Megann's side to her opened jeans, Mary slides her hand 
around the enticing red bush, cupping the mound she had dreamed about for so 
long. Without even hesitating for one second, she slips her middle finger 
between the drenched lips and easily pushes it deep inside her friend's pussy. 
Breaking the kiss to moan uncontrollably, Megann presses her waist against 
Mary's, increasing the pressure of her hand on her clit. Then, as quickly as she 
pressed in, Megann backs up and puts her hands on her jeans. Pulling them down 
before throwing them away with her foot, she tells Mary; "-Eat me Mary, I want 
to feel your tongue deep inside me..." Mary nearly fainted at the sound of that 
and kneels down. Jumping on the table, Megann opens her leg wide before lying 
down, with both her hands on her breasts. Before letting herself dive down on 
Megann, Mary brings her breasts near the opened red flower. When she presses her 
nipple in the glittering slit, Megann raises her head and looks, incredulous, at 
the sight between her legs. She feels like her mound is kissing and sucking 
Mary's breast and nipple. But she knows one thing; he's the one having the 
biggest part of the feelings! When the long nipple starts to move around inside 
her, Megann lets her head fall back on the table, reveling in the feelings. 

After replacing her nipple with her tongue, Mary dives inside Megann. She knows 
perfectly well that the fact that the operation under her tongue lets her slide 
it much deeper than any other. And, with the few other experiences she had at 
tasting another girl's pussy, she knows what effect it has on the girl. With her 
upper lips rubbing hard against Megann's clit, she feels that her friend will 
love her first lesbian climax. And she does. Twisting around on the table, 
holding Mary's head with her two hands and completely unable to restrain her 
moans, she knows her climax is approaching fast. Suddenly, Mary slows down her 
ministrations and finally, after flicking Megann's clit with the tip of her 
tongue for a few seconds, she stops. -You don't know how long it's been since I 
want to lick and kiss that flower. -Which one, the red one with a little bud, or 
the tattoo? -Both of them silly. But this one has me wet-dreaming since the 
first time I saw it. 

Bringing some of the nectar from the first flower, she gently licks Megann's 
tattoo, before beginning to kiss it feverishly. Walking around to the side of 
the table, stared at by a confused Megann, Mary bends down with a smile and 
kisses her friend. As their tongue duel heats up, Mary slides her hand down 
along Megann's belly and cups her fingers around her fiery bush. With her thumb 
over Megann's clit, Mary slides one finger deep inside her pussy, to then curve 
it upward. Now, just as if she was gently pinching Megann's clit between her 
fingers, she knows that she found the spot. 

When Megann feels Mary's finger beginning to squeeze her, new sensations fill 
her whole body. While her clit continues what it had started earlier, Mary's 
finger triggers an unknown part of her red flower. She suddenly realizes just 
what Mary's touching and massaging; her G-point. And, by God, she found it! 

It only took a few marvelous minutes before Megann experienced her second 
lesbian climax. Having taken off her short skirt with her free hand, Mary now 
raises herself on the table, moving her leg over Megann's face, before letting 
her pussy tease her for a while. Hearing Megann's hungry moans, Mary lowers her 
pussy on her friend's tongue and dives herself in Megann's pussy, savoring once 
more the long coveted dream. Looking down on the floor while she pushes her 
tongue deep inside, Mary sees the little pool of Megann's juices that overflowed 
during her first two orgasms. "My, she thinks to herself, she was not lying 
about that, not lying at all!" At the other end, Megann has her first taste of 
girl-cum, and loves every passionate moment of it. She was a bit afraid about 
the taste, which a few of her boyfriend told her was rather weird, but she likes 
it a lot more than she expected. In fact, her probing tongue sometimes breaks 
the concentration of Mary, pushing uncontrolled moans from her. 

...loosing themselves in lust, they don't see the better part of the afternoon 
passing by. When they wake up from this carnal pleasure, they look at each other 
and laugh quite hard, both surprised by their unbridled actions. Trying in vain 
to finish their homework, they decide to forget about it for the day, and split 
up. "We never know what could happen if we stay together any longer!" Megann had 
said. Now, after a quick kiss good-bye, they head their separate ways. Megann, 
heading for the little projection room, heads for peace and a place she will be 
able to dose off for a while. 

Looking at the title; "The nature of the universe", she's relieved to know that 
there won't be a crowd in there. But, when she enters, in the room that could 
seat about thirty people, she counts at least a dozen, but no one in the last 
row. After taking her place about in the middle of the room, and after being 
detailed by every male eyes in the assistance, she realize that she doesn't feel 
sleepy any longer. Suddenly, a "science-type" guy enters and, after seeing her 
in the back, comes and sits in the first seat at her left. After a few seconds 
of frustration, she wanted to be alone, she tries to forget about him and leans 
back on the soft seat. 

She hears him moving on his seat and feels his leg press against her. He's also 
wearing jeans cut-offs, so their entire thighs are nude and rubbing one against 
the other; there are no armrests between the seats. Surprised to realize that it 
doesn't bother her at all, she's even more surprised when she feels some 
familiar feelings between her legs. Perhaps Mary got her hotter than she 
thought, because now the only thing on her mind are those wet feelings. "What 
the hell!, she thinks to herself, this is, after all, my special day..." 

With an invisible smile, she slides lower on her seat, spreading her legs apart. 
He doesn't seem to mind this at all, in fact, when she pressed against his leg, 
he pressed back. Swiftly moving her hands to her waist, she unbuttons her jeans, 
and spread them open, already revealing her red bush to his probing eyes. He 
stayed quite calm until then, but when she slides her hands below the jeans and 
begins to caress herself, he changes position on his seat. With a quick look, 
Megann sees the growing bulge in his pants. Arching her back upward, exposing 
her full breasts to him, she lets a quiet moan reach his ears. Even not 
bothering to hide himself, he turns around in his seat and stares at Megann's 
bush. Realizing that, she turns her head towards him and smiles softly; a 
sensual smile of course. 



To his mild surprise, she spreads her hands apart, sliding her cut-offs to 
mid-thighs, before resuming her teasing game. With exaggerated movements, she 
slides two fingers from her left hand deep inside her pussy and then pumps them 
with deliberately long strokes. The effect is immediate; he shifts again in his 
seat, visibly uncomfortable in his tight shorts. Keeping up her finger fucking a 
few minutes longer, she guides her right hand up her belly to her breasts. A few 
massaging and teasing strokes later, she pulls the stretchy material of her top 
over her breasts in a single motion. Arching her back at the same time, she 
pushes once more her breasts up in the air in the dark room. His accustomed 
eyes, wide opened of course, have no problem detailing the delicate shape and 
soft pink color of her nipples. 

Pulling her fingers out, she turns to him and asks; "Want a taste?" He simply 
freezes up. Moving her dripping fingers to his mouth, she caresses his lips a 
few seconds before letting his tongue taste her. Closing his eyes for the first 
time in minutes, he revels in this incredible taste. Without realizing what's 
happening to him, he suddenly opens his eyes and looks down; indeed, she really 
did unsnap his jeans and has her hand around his throbbing cock. He didn't even 
notice that she had opened his jeans. Twisting under the sensations of Megann's 
ministrations, he finds the courage to move his hand on her gorgeous breast, the 
first one he felt since he played doctor with his cousin Maria, years back...

As she goes on pumping his cock, Megann uses her other hand to slide her shorts 
all the way down. Now completely naked except for her top, squeezed above her 
breasts, she turns towards him and lowers her head close to his cock. When she 
lets the head slip between her lips, he contains a moan and she hears him 
saying: "Oh my God!" Still holding the base of his cock with her hand, she opens 
her mouth wide and only lets her tongue touch him. She then slides all the way 
down, letting her mouth close back around the base and feeling her throat around 
his head. Shifting between a deep-throat fuck, a full-length mouth fuck and a 
delightful tongue swirling around his head, she knows very well that she's 
driving him crazy. He suddenly moves his hands from her breasts to her head and 
she knows he going to cum any second now. And she lets him!

She feels his cum blasting against the back of her throat before swallowing it 
easily. After cleaning him up, she brings her hand back on his cock and moves up 
until her mouth reaches his ear: "You taste really good stranger..." With that, 
she feels his cock coming back to life; just as she expected it. "He's probably 
not very experienced, Megann deduced, and the sheer excitation is enough to keep 
him hard for a while!" Now, looking at him, she says: "Are you ready to 
continue? I really want to feel that huge cock between my lips, sliding it's way 
to the deepest recesses of my pussy, spreading it wider than ever before. Make 
me feel like a virgin all over again, will you?" Well, his cock is not really 
huge, but when she finishes talking, she's sure she felt it growing. 

Turning her back to him, she sits on her side, revealing her buttocks to him. 
Moving her upper leg forward, she uncovers the fragile details of her womanhood 
to him. Moving behind her, he twists sideways to hand puts his hand on her nude 
waist. With her free hand, Megann grabs his cock and guides its head to her 
waiting hole. Awkwardly, he begins to push in and move closer to her in the 
process. Inch by inch, Megann feels his cock freeing built up tensions. Flowing 
now freely, they turn into her proverbial wetness and coat his cock that now 
easily slides the final inches. Once inside to the hilt, he pulls back and 
begins to fuck her like an uncontrolled wildcat. 

Try as they might, they can't control all the sounds their instincts make. Her 
moans and his grunts are now heard by nearly everyone in the little room. Of the 
dozen people here, only two are girls. So all the male eyes, and a few feminine 
eyes, are now glued to the new show in the last row. Either looking at Megann's 
exposed buttocks, his hands on her hips, his cock pounding deeply inside her, 
her breasts heaving with each one of his strokes... everybody now is staring at 
them. Noticing the hungry eyes, Megann smiles to herself and forgets all about 
self-control. Now filling the room, her moans act like mermaid songs; 
enrapturing everybody in a sexual trance. Since the audience is mainly composed 
of males, the effects are not so bacchanal, but she swears that she can see a 
few of them jacking themselves off. 

But right now she doesn't really care; surprisingly, even though the stranger 
was clearly a virgin, he's still better than she expected. Moving sideways a 
bit, he reaches without knowing to the secret places inside Megann's pussy that 
her last boyfriend took months to find. Quickly building an incredible orgasm 
inside Megann's pussy, the stranger also seems to be reaching his own peek. But 
before exploding, he pulls Megann and sits right up on his bench. With her legs 
on each side of his, Megann bends forward and puts her arms on the bench in 
front of her before resuming herself the incredible fuck they had. She 
understands why he did that when she feels both his hands climb up around her 
waist to her breasts; if he's a virgin, he won't let this chance pass him by! 
Kneading her breasts together, squeezing them in his hands, massaging them 
slowly and brushing her nipples with his fingers, the stranger pushes Megann 
over the edge. It seems like Mary had made them so sensible that they were 
sending their own sensations directly to Megann's pussy. When he feels Megann's 
pussy contracting, he opens his eyes and mouth wide, feeling his first 
pussy-originating orgasm. While her whole body trembles with pure delight, he 
feels his cock bursting all the cum he has deep into the burning hot pussy that 
took his cherry. When both their moans fill the room, the others, transfixed by 
the sight of Megann's body moving under the sexual spell, slowly begin to clap 
their hands. Finally the room is filled with cheers and cries of weird 
congratulations. 

With a smile, Megann grabs the head of the guy just in front of her and pulls 
him to her. After a long, wet and passionate kiss that freed her of the 
remaining sensual tension inside her, she pushes him back to his seat. Slowly 
raising herself, she feels the limp cock sliding out. Now standing in front of 
him, she feels his hands caressing her buttocks while the guy in front of her 
has his eyes locked on her still nude breasts. Then, she slides her top down, 
puts her cut-offs back on and, without a word, leaves this little room. Walking 
with a definite sexual twist, she heads out of the school to a long warm bath. 
And already, under the jealous sun, she's thinking about another fantasy...

-If you have the time, I'd like some comments. Thanks-



 