Melissa's Adventure
byluvmymilf©

I don't remember exactly when I realized that my wife, Melissa, was an exhibitionist. Maybe it was the time that she went to work wearing a suit with a rather short skirt and sheer panty hose with no panties. Maybe it was when it started to get hot out, and she would wear her flimsy summer dress, and nothing else. She still likes to wear that dress, with nothing at all on underneath. It is made of soft cotton and never fails to catch my attention with the way it hugs her curves when she moves. Even better, when the light is just right, you can see the outline of her slender body underneath. The dress has a low scooped neckline, spaghetti straps, and buttons running down the front. She usually leaves a few undone at the top, just to tease me and anyone else who may be watching.

The mother of our two children, Melissa loves teasing me by showing off her shapely legs, tight ass and C-cup breasts in various public venues. One summer evening, she decided to tease me in the local supermarket. I didn't know it at the time, but this was about to be a night to remember.

Wearing nothing but her summer dress, a pair of sandals, and a smile, she began her teasing by climbing out of our car and strolling a few lengths in front of me across the parking lot. This allowed me to enjoy the sway of her hips beneath her thin dress. She turned to see if I was paying attention. When she turned, I could see her breasts bouncing as she strode confidently toward the store entrance. Pulling a shopping cart from the corral, she handed it off to me and continued through the automatic door, entering the busy store.

Entering the store myself, I felt the blast of air conditioning as I passed under the vent. I spotted Melissa over in the produce section and caught up to her, but kept a few yards behind to enjoy the view. I liked to watch the cheeks of her ass rock back and forth under her dress as she walked. Several men turned their heads to enjoy a second look at my wife. I felt a sense of pride that she was married to me when I saw them looking. Continuing to watch her swaying ass, I could feel the beginnings of an erection that threatened to tent my shorts, revealing my pending excitement to the entire store. Remembering some of her past escapades, I wondered how far she was going to take things this evening.

She soon began teasing me by bending at the waist in order to reach items on the lower shelves. The hem of her dress would ride up her tan and toned legs, very close to exposing the bottom of her ass. The higher her hemline got, the harder I got. My cock was now erect, I could feel it pulsing in sync with my heartbeat as I watched Melissa expose herself to me, and whatever lucky strangers that happened by.

The bulge in my khaki shorts had to be obvious to everyone in the store. A woman walking down the aisle glanced at Melissa as she reached for a box on a high shelf. The bottoms of my wife's firm ass cheeks were on display as she stood on tip-toe to reach the item. The woman then glanced at me with the bulge in my shorts and flashed a mischievous smile. I turned my head to watch her walk by, and caught her glancing back at the two of us for a second look. She quickly looked away as her face flushed; embarrassed that she had been caught enjoying the view.

I am a complete sucker when my sexy wife exposes herself, and Melissa knew the effect she was having on me. Just when I thought that things were going great, she turned the heat up another notch. This time she turned toward me as she crouched down to retrieve a can of vegetables from the bottom shelf. Spreading her legs, she gave me an unobstructed view of her hairless mound and pouting lips. In the glare of the fluorescent lights above, I could see that she was beginning to get excited. Her pussy lips were parted, and I could see that she was getting wet. Not wet enough for her juices to run down her thighs as it does when she's really turned on, but just enough that I could see a bit of dampness.

My gaze drank in the lusciousness of her body, stopping at her succulent breasts. She had undergone a breast enhancement a few years back, and had definitely gotten her money's worth. Her breasts had gone from an "A" to a very nice "C". Her surgeon was a fucking artist I thought to myself. I loved how her tits looked when they were proudly on display, just as they were right here in the middle of the Safeway.

Looking closer at her delicious mounds, I could see her hard nipples threatening to poke holes in the fabric of her dress. If I looked hard enough, I was certain I could see the shadow of her areolae through the thin cotton. I didn't think it was possible, but my cock got even harder. I could feel my pulse increasing, my breathing getting quicker and I felt butterflies churning in my stomach. She had me under her spell. My sexy wife had my full attention when I felt my cock lurch involuntarily. I enjoyed the tingling sensation along my length and felt the sticky dampness of pre-cum flowing out of my cock.

Melissa looked at the tent in my shorts and flashed me her sexiest smile. Yes, she knew my discomfort was all because of her deliberate teasing.

Still crouched down with her pussy on display, she reached out and grasped my erection in her hand. I felt faint and moaned as she worked the length of my cock through my shorts. Her delicate touch was getting me very close to the edge of an orgasm. Suddenly, she stopped stroking my member and looked past me, farther down the aisle. I looked over my shoulder to follow her gaze and was surprised by what I saw. It was an older couple coming down the aisle, and they were looking straight at us. I wondered if they had seen what we had been up to.

"Oops," Melissa mouthed to me. Her glances darted between me and the older couple who was approaching.

The thin, grey haired man looked to be about 60 and had a startled expression on his face. His short, frumpy wife looked to be the same age, and wore a look of disgust. She glared at Melissa as she lumbered by.

"You could see right up her dress!" she hissed at her husband. "We should report the two of them to the store manager."

As they turned the corner at the end of the aisle, I noticed him turn his head for one last lingering look at Melissa. Then they disappeared from sight.

"Stop staring at that dirty little whore! It's the devil's work I tell you!" I could still hear her bitching at her poor husband from the next aisle over.

"Poor old bastard," I thought, "He'll catch hell when he gets home."

"There's a manager, I'm going to let him know what's going on in the next aisle!" I overheard the little troll of a woman tell her husband.

Looking at my wife, I said "I think we should hurry things up and get out of here Mel."

"Awww, I was just getting started," she replied, "maybe he'll go home and give his wife what I want you to give me."

"And what would that be?" I asked innocently.

"A nice hard cock," she said, licking her lips, "and a big load of cum."

Continuing on as if nothing had happened, she placed the can of veggies in the cart. Leaning over as she did so, giving me a perfect view of her succulent breasts. Unrestrained by a bra, they were hanging free inside of her dress. I could easily see her hard nipples as she glanced up and flashed me another one of her winning smiles.

"Hurry up and finish shopping," I pleaded, "If we spend much more time in here, I'm gonna cum in my shorts."

"Well, let me help you out, big boy," she purred.

Moving closer, she pulled up the hem of her dress to expose her moist slit and dangling lips. Leaning back slightly, she spread her legs shoulder width apart. I could see how wet her pussy had become as she spread her lips and sank her middle finger into her slit. I could hear her slick wetness as she quickly moved her digit in and out several times. Then, just as quickly, she pulled her finger out and let her dress fall back into place.

"Mmmm," she moaned as she licked her finger clean. "It tastes just like your cock after you've been inside of me." She leaned in and planted a hot kiss on my lips. I could taste the salty sweetness of her arousal as she plunged her tongue into my mouth. She ground her sex into my leg, leaving a wet patch on my thigh, as I reached down and cupped her ass with both hands. I moaned in anticipation as she broke our kiss and lifted her dress to flash her smooth slit at me one more time.

I looked up just in time to see the short, troll like little woman who had caught us earlier. She had a store employee by the arm and was pointing down the aisle at us.

"That's them right there young man! I demand you do something about this," she trumpeted. He had a defeated look on his face as he began moving toward us. I almost felt sorry for him.

"We're done shopping!" I declared as I caught Melissa by the wrist and practically ran to the opposite end of the aisle we were in. We turned the corner and headed up the next aisle to the checkout line. I was so excited by her teasing that I was starting to see red. I was also worried about being caught. The possibility of the police getting involved made me nervous, but was a bit of a thrill.

My cock was now throbbing in sync with my pulse and threatening to explode. My light colored shorts were beginning to show a wet spot as the pre-cum was beginning to soak through my underwear. My cock was feeling the delicious slickness of it all, rubbing back and forth as we hauled ass toward the express lane.

The red vested manager stepped to the head of our aisle. Melissa and I ignored him as we swept by, nearly bowling him over with our shopping cart.

"Sir! Excuse me. Sir!" I could hear him behind us, but pretended that I didn't. Reaching the checkout counter at last, we tossed our few items onto the belt and tried to be inconspicuous.

"If we get busted, deny everything. Claim that it was all in their imagination." I whispered in Melissa's ear.

"C'mon, c'mon! Hurry up," I willed as the elderly woman in line in front of us was digging through her purse for exact change. "Sixteen. Seventeen. Eighteen. There you go honey." said the elderly woman as she counted pennies into the clerk's hand. Finished at last, she began pushing her cart toward the exit, shuffling her feet as she went.

Turning toward us, the checkout clerk began scanning our groceries. Wendy was the name engraved on the plastic badge pinned to the red vest she wore on her slender body. Wendy had sort of a Goth look going. Her long, jet black hair was pulled away from her face, revealing a clear, but pale complexion. Her piercing blue eyes were rimmed with heavy, black eye liner. She wore bright red lipstick, made brighter by her near white complexion. A silver hoop pierced through one brow finished the look. Studying her as she worked, I found myself wondering if she had any other piercings.

"Hmmm, I could think of things I'd like to do with her." I thought.

Wendy wore an amused smirk on her face as she rang up our bill. I could see her stealing glances at the bulge in my shorts. I didn't bother me though. At that point, I was so worked up I didn't care who saw. I had one thing on my mind; spraying a load of cum all over my teasing little vixen of a wife. Yes, my wife Jennifer. The one who was now fondling my ass through my shorts as Wendy the checkout girl watched.

Wendy announced the total, breaking me out of my daydream. I slid my credit card through the slot in the keypad and paid the bill. Snatching up our bags of groceries, Melissa and I exited the store. I was nervous with excitement, and the fact that we had almost gotten caught.

"Nothing like a little danger to spice things up" I whispered to myself.

Walking to the car, I placed my hand on Mel's ass. I love to feel it rock back and forth as she walks. She looked up at me and I couldn't resist kissing her. Slipping my tongue into her mouth I wished it were my cock instead.

"I love you," I told her as we broke the kiss.

"Do you still love me when I show off?" she inquired.

"God, yes! I could break bricks with this," I replied, showing her the bulge my aching cock was making in my shorts.

"Good, I love to get you worked up," she giggled. "Don't worry, I won't leave you like that, but I do want to tease you some more."

We reached the car, and while she was bent over placing the groceries in the open hatchback, I reached down and placed my hand high up on the inside of her thigh. I could feel the heat of her excitement radiating down. As she held her position, I ran my hand all the way up to her slick pleasure zone. I rubbed my fingers back and forth between her slippery lips for a moment and then moved my probing fingers to her engorged clitoris. The back of her dress was flipped up, exposing her ass and my hand between her legs. I could imagine what we looked like had anyone been looking.

Unzipping my shorts with my free hand, I pulled my cock out and felt the cool evening air against the hot skin. My cockhead was still damp from pre-cum, and there was a strand of it dangling down. It looked a bit like a silvery thread wafting in the gentle breeze. Catching it with my index finger, I moved it to Mel's lips and felt her tongue lick it clean. She sucked my finger into her mouth and worked it like it was my cock, moaning as ran her tongue around my fingertip. I was desperate to take her right there in the semi-darkness of the parking lot.

Moving in closer, I continued rubbing my fingers against Melissa's clit. Her pussy was boiling, and her slickness felt wonderful as I replaced my fingers with the head of my dick. Grasping it in my right hand, I rubbed my cock up and down her drenched slit a few times. Easing my hips forward, I sank into her softness. Easily sliding into her, my hips collided with the round globes of her ass. I loved how they bounced as I thrust into her. I reached around to fondle her breasts. Her nipples felt like pencil erasers under my fingertips.

At this point, we could have been on a Broadway stage in front of thousands of screaming fans and not have noticed. The slick, velvety walls of her sopping wet box pulled my cock in and milked me, trying to draw a load of cum from the depths of my swollen balls. Reveling in the feeling of her heat and the wetness that was coating my cock, there was no other place I wanted to be right then. I could have died a happy man.

Coming to my senses, I remembered where we were. In the parking lot of a crowded Safeway, bent over the back of our car, my cock buried inside of her steaming hole. Thankfully we were parked on the outer edge of the lot where there weren't very many cars. I stroked my cock in and out of her a few more times and reluctantly pulled out. Leaving my cock sticking out of my shorts, I noticed they were now soaked with her juices. I thought I could smell her scent as I slid behind the wheel. She slammed the hatch shut and jumped into the passenger seat.

"Let's go home," I pleaded. "I can't wait any longer."

"No," she replied, undoing the buttons on her dress. Opening her dress to completely expose herself, she reclined her seat and said, "Drive out to the interstate, I want to tease you some more."

I looked her at over for a moment. She looked incredibly sexy laying there, her breasts heaving above her taut abdomen. Her hairless cunt displayed as she rolled her clit between her thumb and middle finger.

"You're playing with fire Mel. I just might make a mess all over the steering wheel if you keep that up," I told her.

She gave an evil little giggle as she stared at my throbbing cock. "Is that all because of little ole me?" she teased.

"You know it is, baby. How far are you going to take things tonight?" I asked.

"As far as you're willing to let me." she shot back, staring into my eyes.

As I drove out of the parking lot, she started to pinch her nipples and moan that she wanted someone to see her play with her pussy. I adjusted my aching cock and pointed the car toward the interstate.

Nearing the interstate, we got stopped by a red light. Looking over, I noticed another car to the right of us. Melissa was stroking her pussy with her right hand while still pinching her nipples with her left. The guy in the other car looked over, into our car, but couldn't see anything because Melissa had her seat reclined. I smiled and waved at him. Thinking I was crazy, he just looked away. The light turned green and we were finally on the entrance ramp of the interstate.

"Find a big truck and pull alongside," Melissa instructed.

Looking ahead, I saw one several car lengths in front of us. It was in the right lane, moving slower than most of the traffic. I pressed the accelerator to catch up. "There's one just ahead of us," I informed her.

"Hurry up and catch him," Melissa demanded as she sat up, pulling her dress closed.

Pulling up alongside the truck, I turned the interior light on. I watched Melissa look up, smile and wave at the driver. He smiled back as she began teasing him by opening the front of her dress, almost exposing her tits. The drivers smile got even bigger, and my cock got even harder.

"Do you want me to show him my tits?" she asked.

"Hell yes!" I panted.

"God, this is turning me on", she squealed as she exposed first her right, and then her left breast to the trucker.

I looked up at the driver through the moon roof, and noticed that he was enjoying the show. I looked at Melissa, who had her eyes closed and was pulling on her nipples. Suddenly she sat up, turned in her seat, and pressed both of her tits onto the passenger window. She leaned back from the window and I could see her hands massaging her tits. I saw her raise her left breast to her mouth as she began to lick her rock hard nipple.

I reached under her dress with my right hand to feel her arousal. She was so wet, I could feel the inside of her thighs were absolutely soaked with her own juices. I slipped a finger into her steaming gash.

"Ooooohhhh, that feels so good. Don't stop!" she moaned as she continued licking her own nipples.

"Take your dress off and let him see all of you," I demanded, pulling my hand away.

"Oh. Yeah!" she agreed.

She sat back into her seat and pulled off her dress. This wasn't very difficult to accomplish, as it was already unbuttoned. Throwing the dress into the back seat, her hands returned to her rock hard nipples.

"Do you want me to touch my pussy for him?" she asked.

"Mmm-Hmm," I moaned, watching her slip a hand between her splayed thighs.

"Do you think he can see me like this?" she asked.

"I'm sure he can. Why don't you climb into the back so he can see you better?" I replied.

Wearing a devilish smile, she turned and unlatched the back of the rear seat, folding it down flat. This left a rather large area in the rear hatch area of the car. Moving the groceries aside, she climbed into the back of our car. As she got herself situated, I sped up and pulled in front of the truck. His headlights illuminated the interior of the car like twin spotlights. My very sexy, very horny wife was now onstage, giving a very explicit show for a complete stranger.

"Oh my God, he has a front row seat!" Melissa exclaimed. "I'm going to cum before I even touch myself."

Looking in the rear view mirror, I could see her lying on her back spreading her shaven lips for the horny driver to see. With her feet flat on the floor and her knees bent, she was thrusting her pelvis into the air and rubbing herself for the driver's amusement. The window in the hatchback is pretty big, so I knew that he could see everything. I heard Melissa moaning as she stroked her clit and fingered her sodden cunt.
"I wish I'd brought my dildo," she said.

"See what you can find in the bags," I replied.

Pulling her hands away from herself, she reached into one of the bags and began to dig. A smile crossed her face as she pulled something out of one of the bags.

"Hello there," she exclaimed as she pulled a medium sized cucumber out of the bag and held it up for the driver to see. "Mmmm," she moaned, "this is going to feel soooo good."

I continued watching in the mirror as she began to rub the cucumber up and down between her dripping pussy lips. It was glistening in the glow of the truck's headlights. She licked her juices off of it, and then lowered it back between her legs. I could hear the sucking sounds of her wetness as she slowly sank the full body of the cucumber into herself.

I could imagine how good she looked as it parted her swollen pussy, sawing in and out of her heavenly sex. Her lips would be stretched, tugging at it, refusing to let it withdraw. I imagined I could feel her inner muscles pulsing, trying to squeeze the pseudo cock in two. I saw her eyes roll back as she plunged it inside of herself. I reached back and began to pinch her nipples, feeling her body shake as she shuddered through an apparent orgasm.

"I wish I had your cock in my ass!" she shrieked, nearing another orgasm. "I want to show him how kinky I am."

I watched with glances in the rearview mirror as she rolled over onto her belly and raised her delicious, round ass into the air. Licking her middle finger, she reached back, plunging it into her puckered back entrance as she continued to work the bumpy green vegetable in and out of her dripping hole. Once again, I could hear her wetness as she worked the green invader in and out of her cunt. The car was beginning to smell of her delicious, sexy aroma.

"I'm cumming again!" she screamed at the top of her lungs. "Pull over, I want to suck your cock and taste your cum!"

Looking for someplace to turn off, I noticed a sign for a rest area up ahead. "There's a rest stop up ahead." I told her.

"Pull in! I can't wait any longer," she moaned.

Reaching the ramp to enter the rest area, I slowed down and put on my turn signal to pull in. I glanced into the mirror and noticed that the truck also had its blinker on.

Was he following us...?

Entering the nearly deserted rest area, I pulled into the closest parking space. Melissa climbed up into the front seat. She was busy pulling her dress back on.

"What are you doing?" I asked.

"I want to do it outside" she replied, her voice ragged from her screaming orgasm just moments before. Holding her dress closed with one hand, she stepped out of the car.

I looked around and noticed that the truck had pulled into a parking space at the other end of the rest area. I saw the truck but I couldn't see the driver. I looked back at Melissa and saw her dashing barefoot through the grass toward a group of picnic tables near the wood line. I could barely make her out in the darkness. Tucking my cock back into my shorts, I soon followed her through the grass to the tables.

Reaching the tables, she turned toward me and sat on the table top. Her legs were spread, and her dress was hanging wide open. I watched as she slipped a finger between her legs. Hearing her moan, I could see her finger glistening with her wetness as I finally reached the table.

"I'm so horny. I can't believe what I did in front of that truck driver," she exclaimed.

Saying nothing, I unzipped and pulled my cock out of my shorts. I stood there, my erection dangling between us. I could see a drop of pre cum shining on the head and starting to run down the shaft. Melissa slid off the table, knelt down, and ran her tongue up the length of my cock. I moaned as she finally paid me the attention I had been craving.

"Mmmm, I love the taste of that," she said, tilting her head back and smiling at me.

"You're so sexy. I can't believe how lucky I am," I said, bending down and kissing her hard on the lips. I could taste the saltiness of my cock on her lips, turning me on even more. Breaking our passionate kiss, she bent her head back down and once again popped my cock into her mouth.

"Ooooohhh," I moaned, closing my eyes and enjoying one of her expert blow jobs. I felt her hand grasp my shaft and begin stroking up and down; just the way I like it. I could feel a major load of jism getting ready to erupt when I heard a noise.

I looked over my shoulder for the source of that noise and saw the driver of the truck, the one that Melissa had put on the show for. He was sporting an impressive bulge in his jeans as he approached. He stopped short when he saw me looking at him.

I felt Melissa pull her mouth off of my cock. I couldn't believe my eyes when she waved him closer to us.

"Hi there," she said to the stranger.

"How are y'all doing this evening?" he asked. "That was one hell of a display you put on back there, I thought I was going to wreck my truck watching you."

"Did you like what you saw?" asked Melissa, pulling her mouth from my cock yet again.

"Yes ma'am," replied the driver. "My name is Tom, and I would love to see some more if y'all don't mind me watching."

Staring at bulge in his pants, Melissa replied, "It's very nice to meet you Tom, that's quite a bulge you're sporting. Why don't you show me what you've got in there?"

I almost couldn't believe what I was hearing.

Hearing her invitation, Tom swallowed hard and pulled his cock out of his pants. It was as impressive as I'd thought it would be. As he stood there before us, I could easily see the veins bulging from the sides of his shaft.

"That's a very nice cock you've got there Tom. Would you like to join us?" Mel inquired.

Hearing her invitation to him, my jaw dropped in disbelief. We had teasingly talked of a threesome to each other before, but I had always pictured myself with two women. The thought of sharing my wife with another man hadn't entered my mind.

Tom swallowed hard again and glanced over at me.

"What the hell, why not?" I thought and quickly nodded my approval.

"You two get naked, now," Melissa ordered, looking first at me, then at Tom.

Who was I to argue? Clearly she was in charge of things at this point.

I watched as Tom stripped off his jeans and T-shirt. It was apparent that he worked out. He had well defined muscles in his chest, broad shoulders, and a trim waistline to go with his large cock. He finished undressing and stepped toward us.

I pulled my shorts and T-shirt off and stood on Melissa's right while Tom was standing to her left. Still kneeling, she reached up and grasped both of our cocks. I felt a shiver run up my spine as she began to lightly stroke. After a moment or two of her ministration, she leaned over and took my member into her mouth, still stroking Tom as she sucked. Too soon it seemed, she removed her mouth from me, and placed it on Tom's hardness. She was moaning and getting more turned on by the minute. Back and forth she went, sucking first on my cock, and then on Tom's. Suddenly, she stopped and stood up. Tom and I watched as Melissa backed up and propped her ass on the picnic table. Smiling and curling her finger in a "come here" motion, she laid back flat on the table top.

Walking up to her, I couldn't resist putting my face in between her legs to taste her dripping nectar. Placing her feet on the table and spreading her legs, I knelt down and engulfed her pouting lips with my mouth. I looked up and saw Tom bent over from the side. He was busy licking and sucking on her firm tits. Melissa was moaning in horny pleasure, her head lolling from side to side.

I felt her grab my head with both hands, pulling my face tighter to her drenched snatch. Tom hopped up on the table, placing put his cock at her hungry lips. Melissa moaned as she opened her mouth and inhaled his cock. I knew he was enjoying her blowjob when I heard a pleasurable groan escape his mouth.

As she worked Tom with her talented mouth, I took her clit between my lips, thrashing it with my tongue. She pumped her hips up and down and began to suck Tom's cock in earnest. We continued like this for a few moments, the silence broken only by the occasional moan of pleasure. I could see their bodies illuminated in the headlights of passing cars.

It was such a surreal scene, watching my wife, the mother of our children, suck on this handsome stranger's cock. I watched her cheeks bulge as she fed his length into her mouth. Sticking her tongue out, she began to deep throat our new friend. She held him in there until she began to gag. Pulling back and gathering her breath, her hands wrapped around his thighs as she again plunged his cock into the depths of her throat. Tom had his head leaned back as he enjoyed her talents.

Pulling her mouth off of him, she looked at me."Fuck Me! Fuck me hard!" she demanded.

Obeying her order, I stood up and stuffed my cock into her steaming passage. Her muscles, feeling like a thousand massaging little fingers along the length of my shaft, threatened to milk my seed in an instant. I had to concentrate on not cumming too quickly, wanting this feeling to last forever. The only sounds you could hear were the slap of my hips as I thrust into her and the slurping noises she was making on Tom's cock.

"I'm close to cumming, but I want to fuck you before I do," Tom said to Melissa. His voice was just above a whisper, and I could hear the excitement as he spoke.

"I can't wait to feel you inside of me," Melissa whispered back.

"Oh my God," I thought, "she's really going to go through with this." I was both nervous and excited at the prospect of my wife letting this stranger have his way with her.

I stopped thrusting and pulled my cock from her snatch as Melissa got up from the table. She instructed Tom to hop up, and pushed him onto his back. It was the same position she had just been in. He was lying with his head away from me as I stood at his feet. She had him scoot all the way onto the table, and then climbed onto the table and straddled his groin. Facing away from me, she reached between her legs for his engorged fuck stick. Grabbing it, she began to rub his cock up and down the length of her dripping slit. Her juices were running out of her cunt, onto his throbbing cock.

Placing his steely cock at her entrance, she paused for a second, and then began to lower herself onto his thick rod. I watched it stretch her out a bit as she slowly slid down his length. I heard her moan as she slowly began to hump up and down, gradually picking up the pace. Pinching her nipples and rolling her head back and forth, she seemed lost in another world. Leaning forward she whispered something into his ear. They both let out a gentle laugh at whatever she had said.

Feeling the combined pangs of jealousy and lust, I watched her ass work up and down as she fucked him. Occasionally pausing, she would sit up and grind her hips in circles, driving his cock as deep as it would go into her hungry hole. I was about to go crazy with excitement, so I stepped up to the end of the table. As I did, I placed my hand between her shoulder blades and gently pushed her forward. She leaned over, her tits dangled in Tom's face. He wasted no time licking and sucking her nipples.

Leaned over as she was, her ass was in the air and very accessible. I leaned forward and began to tongue her puckered hole, making it nice and slippery. Once she was lubed up I pointed my tongue and tried to penetrate her dusky opening. I began massaging her in the patch of skin between where Tom's cock was making her squirm and her rear passage. Feeling this new sensation, she moaned loudly and thrust her ass back toward me. Emboldened by her enthusiastic response, I pulled my tongue away and directly massaged her asshole with my thumb. Hearing another enthusiastic moan from my wife, I stuck my index finger in my mouth, getting it nice and wet. Pulling my finger out of my mouth, I placed it at the entrance to her ass. Melissa usually doesn't agree to anal that often, but seemed more than willing when my index finger penetrated her tight ring.

"Oh, yes!" she said, grinding herself harder onto Tom. "I want to feel both of you inside me."

Moving to the other end, in front of them and climbing onto the table, I straddled Tom's head and placed my cock in front of Melissa's face. I grasped a handful of her hair and pulled her head toward me, getting my cock nice and slippery as it entered her mouth. She sucked me hungrily as she continued to bounce on the truck driver's hard shaft.

After a moment of her sucking, I withdrew from her mouth. Her lipstick was smeared and a string of saliva ran from the head of my cock to her lips. It was like a scene out of a porn movie, except this was my beautiful wife in the starring role instead of an actress.

I could feel my cock swinging as I walked back to the other end of the table, again taking up position behind her. Climbing onto the table and straddling both of them, I grasped Melissa by her hips. I grabbed my cock and teased her little rosebud with its slick, helmet shaped head.

"Stick it in me baby. Fuck my ass," urged my horny wife.

Lining up with the entrance to her back door, I pressed forward and felt the tightness of her ass slowly give way to my slippery cock. I felt the tight ring of her sphincter stretching to accommodate me. I felt her incredible snugness as the head made it through, followed by the rest of my cock. Slowly easing into her ass, I could feel Tom's cock thrusting inside her pussy, stimulating my own cock in the process.

"Unnnngh! That feels incredible," she shrieked as I buried my length in her ass.

My head was spinning as we lived out another fantasy of ours. Melissa had experienced double penetration with my cock and her dildo, but having two live cocks in both of her holes had whipped her into a frenzy of sweaty, passionate sexuality. I don't know who was enjoying this more, me or her. My initial feelings of jealousy had been shoved aside by my overpowering lust. Melissa had put both her hands on the table and was wildly working her ass up and down at an ever increasing pace. I thought my heart might burst out of my chest if she kept this up much longer.

"I'm cumming!" Melissa squealed as she bucked wildly on top of Tom's cock. With my cock buried in her ass at the same time, the feeling was almost unbearable. I could feel my own orgasm quickly approaching as Tom hollered that he too was going to cum.

"I want you both to cum all over me," Melissa said.

Tom and I pulled out of her holes, and Melissa flipped over onto her back. Tom and I stood on either side of her, furiously stroking our cocks as we fondled her tits and rubbed her sensitive clit with our free hands.

"I want you to cum on my face," my wife begged, rolling over and sitting up on her knees with her feet behind her. Clasping her hands behind her back in a submissive pose, she closed her eyes and stuck her chin out in anticipation of a deluge of cum.

"I'm cumming," Tom cried, climbing onto the attached bench and putting his cock close to Melissa's face. I watched as he started shooting his load. His first shot hit her in the side of the nose, the rest splashing her cheeks, hair and chin. When he was done shooting, she took his cock into her mouth to suckle his last few drops of cum.

"Ooooh, that feels hot," I heard her say as she ran her finger across her cum plastered chin, gathering up some of Tom's sticky semen.

She stuck her cum coated finger in her mouth and licked it clean.

"Mmmmm, tastes good too," Melissa teased, looking at me.

She then swiped her finger along her cheek, gathering up more of his semen. Licking her finger clean a second time. She wagged her tongue at me, showing me what she had gathered. I could clearly see the whiteness of his seed on her tongue. Withdrawing her into her mouth, I saw her swallow. She again stuck her tongue out to show me that it was empty. She beamed a slutty smile when she saw the look of lust I wore on my face.

Her wicked smile and the sight of Tom's jism dripping from her pretty face onto her heaving tits sent me over the edge. I climbed onto the bench just as my cock started to erupt. My first shot hit her square in the face, covering her mouth with a large splash of my hot semen. My second shot was aimed lower, spraying her neck and tits as she leaned back and pressed her tits together. Using the copious amounts of spunk for lubrication, I rubbed my cock in the tunnel she had created. When I was finished, she cleaned my cock as she had Tom's.

Opening my eyes, I noticed that the cum dripping from Melissa's face and tits had run down her torso, pooling in her belly button. What hadn't been caught in her belly button had run down between her legs and onto the table. She had a little cum river stretching from her face to her hairless snatch. I could smell the sweet, sweaty aroma of our three bodies as we came down from our sexual high.

It had felt so good to finally cum, I thought I might pass out. I was seeing stars and my knees were shaking. I had to sit down next to her. Recovering slightly, I leaned over and planted a loving kiss on her cum covered lips. I could taste the combined juices as our tongues teased about. Pulling back just a bit, I whispered a soft "I love you" into her ear.

The End  