Weevil awakes with a start, and guiltily rolls over to check Logan's breathing, which is slow and steady. Weevil stands and stretches. He'd kicked off his shoes at some point during the night, but he's still wearing all of his clothes from the day before. He wanders out to find the kitchen. He opens the refrigerator and finds a bottle of water, which he takes back to the bedroom and sets on the nightstand next to Logan, who's still in a deep sleep.

Weevil goes upstairs and looks at the mess. The open windows had taken care of the smoke, but the smell remains. Weevil looks into the container that Logan was using as a fire barrel and sees the smoke-darkened belt buckles that remain inside. Weevil tilts the container. There must be over twenty buckles inside, and there are still more belts laid carefully across the bed. Weevil gathers up the belts and throws them inside the container, and then assesses the damage to the room. There's some soot on the walls, but Logan managed to keep from burning the carpet or the furniture.

Weevil turns around and jumps when he sees Logan standing in the doorway.

"Geez, man, you shouldn't creep up on people like that."

"Take off your shirt." Logan is staring intently at him.

"Pardon me?" Weevil says warily.

"Did I stutter?" Logan moves slightly closer, but he won't enter the room. "I want to see your tattoo."

Weevil pulls his t-shirt over his head, leaving his undershirt, and walks into the hallway. Logan gets close and examines the tattoo. He runs a finger over the letters, L-I-L-L-Y, and then traces the heart.

"How could she, you know?" His voice is quiet, and Weevil can barely hear him. "I mean, with you, that's one thing, right? But she must have known." His voice is getting louder now. "She HAD to have known. How could she sleep with him?"

Weevil turns to face him. Awkwardly, he takes a step toward Logan. Just then, the phone rings. Logan goes downstairs, ignoring the phone in the room beside them. He answers the phone.

"Logan, it's Miss James from school." Logan doesn't reply for a moment. "Logan?" She sounds concerned, and he forces himself to answer.

"Yeah, uh, hi."

"Logan, I know you're going through a lot right now, and if you ever need to talk, I'm here for you, okay?"

"Right, yeah, thanks. That's good to know." He tries to keep the sarcasm from his voice.

"Good, then there's just one more thing. You have an adult staying with you, right? A temporary guardian?"

"Yeah, uh, my sister Trina," he lies. The last time he saw Trina, she was wailing on the news, proclaiming her father's innocence.

"Oh, good. I know that you'll be eighteen not too long from now, but until then…"

"Right, yeah, well, Trina's here."

"Great, can I talk to her?"

Weevil comes downstairs, finished disposing of Aaron's belts. He stands next to Logan, looking at him questioningly. Logan's eyes are desperate.

"She's actually shopping right now, but I can have her call you back. She should be home any minute." He's beginning to panic, but Miss James doesn't seem to notice.

"Sure, that's fine, Logan. Remember, if you need me, just give me a call." She gives him her number and reminds him to have Trina call. Logan hangs up the phone and then picks it up again, quickly dialing.

"I need you to be Trina."

Veronica pauses, then, "Hey, Logan, how's it going, little brother?" She mimics Trina's speech patterns, drawing out her vowels and speaking lower than usual. She switches back to her normal voice. "If you want me to talk dirty, I'm afraid we're done here."

"Cute. Listen, you need to call Miss James and tell her that Trina's staying here until I turn eighteen."

"Logan, Miss James knows my voice. What if she suspects something?"

"She won't, trust me." He gives Veronica the number.

"I'll come over and do it from your phone. I'm pretty sure she has caller ID." Veronica hangs up. Logan turns back to look at Weevil.

"What's up?" Weevil shifts to lean against the wall.

"Apparently, I need an adult guardian. Veronica's going to take care of it." Logan leans on the wall opposite Weevil. They don't speak, and Logan is startled when the doorbell rings minutes later.

Veronica breezes in and picks up the phone. "Miss James? This is Trina Echolls." She has perfected her imitation on the ride over, and Logan is disturbed to hear his sister's voice emerging from the subject of his fantasies. "It is really hard, you know? At least we know that he's innocent. I mean, that is such a comfort to Logan and me." She pauses. "Are you sure that's necessary?" She listens to the voice on the other end. "Of course it won't be a problem. The only thing is," she allows her voice to break a little, "The help stopped coming in. They knew that we didn't have the finances to pay them right now. It's a big house, so I'd appreciate if we could have as long as possible to get everything straightened up." She lets out a sob. "If they took Logan away from me, I just don't know what I would do. I'd be devastated."

Logan leaves the room, as Veronica watches quizzically. "Okay, Friday, then. Thanks so much, Miss James. Will you be coming along with Social Services?" Another pause, and then, "Thanks for all your help, really. Have a great day."

Veronica hangs up the phone and sighs. "Is Logan okay?"

"I don't think 'okay' is going to describe him anytime soon, but he'll live. I think maybe your impression hit a little too close to home, that's all." Weevil tilts his head. "You're a good friend to him."

"And yet, I think my redemption is far from complete." She goes down the hall to find Logan, who is sitting on his bed, drinking the water Weevil set out for him. "Logan, we have until Friday to clean this place up and create an 'acceptable family environment for a minor'."

"Now that my dad is in jail, Social Services takes an interest? That's… something." He snaps his fingers. "Alanis Morissette comes to mind."

"We need to track down Trina, too. Chances are good that they'll know what she looks like. Do you think we can get her to play along?"

"For a price." He grins sarcastically. "It'll be the acting gig of a lifetime. The loving, responsible sister. It could be Oscar-worthy."