Dan had a habit of making decisions with the best of intentions which would backfire on him. A friend or relative asked for money and Dan was an easy mark...then he was left hanging. A co-worker asked to switch shifts? Without a thought, good-natured Dan assented, only to find himself working a holiday much to his wife's consternation. He would plan something as a kindness and bite off more than he could chew.
Elise actually loved him for it, even though he frustrated her frequently. She knew Dan was not stupid. He was just a kind soul and did not take the time to think more than a couple of steps ahead. Those that did often out maneuvered him. This sometimes included her, though not maliciously.
So it was that Dan saw something online he got excited about. Very excited. It sounded like a dream come true, something he could make Elise very happy with!
Dan and Elise were in their thirties. Both kept themselves fit. Dan was well built, muscular and handsome. Their sex life was good, but not great. Dan really wanted it to be great for her. He was very good at cunnilingus, getting high praise for his talents. He knew the praise was heartfelt, because of Elise's powerful, unrestrained orgasms when he went down on her.
She claimed their intercourse was excellent too. But even Dan could sense this was not true. His manhood was not tiny, but it certainly was not big, either. And he always got so excited when he made love to her; he never lasted very long.
Elise would cry out, pound back against him, and call his name. But Dan knew it was contrived for his benefit. He knew what real orgasms from his wife sounded and felt like. And he was not providing them with his cock. It broke his heart.
Elise was a ten by anyone's judgment. She had curves in all the right places, a winning smile, and a seductive demeanor in a hometown girl sort of way. Dan had to become accustomed to the amorous looks from other men, and a few women. Elise was a successful business woman with a busy schedule.
And Dan was quite correct. She loved him, and faked the hell out of orgasms when he tried so hard to fuck her. At least he was good with his tongue, and oh so enthusiastic.
Dan worked from home, mostly remote work. That is how he happened to be taking a break and researching a favorite subject. How to please your woman.
He was searching "penis extensions" when he came across a product which claimed it could extend the length and girth of your penis markedly. It was made of the latest in polymers which made it so lifelike many of those in the test program could not differentiate between it and a human penis.
The ad indicated the male simply placed his penis into the cavity inside the extension. The device's unique and secret design would prevent the wearer from achieving orgasm while in use.
The device was secured with a three position belt system around the wearer's waist. Secured in the back, it could be utilized as the most advanced chastity cage then in production if so desired.
Dan was beside himself. He breathlessly ordered one immediately. He chose an 8-1/2 inch model with exceptional girth, and matched to his flesh tone. He paid for expedited shipping, which meant his plans could go into affect in time for Friday. Perfect.
He could not wait to try it out. They had never gotten into chastity play...he was not even sure how that would work. But no matter, the ability to fuck Elise senseless was what would interest them!
As he waited for the package to arrive, he developed a plan. They almost always made love Friday nights. It was his routine to go down on her prior to penetrating her, to make sure she got hers first.
So he would put the extension on in the bathroom and try to keep it hidden. If he kept the lights off, hopefully she would not notice it while he knelt at the edge of the bed. Then after his oral ministrations, he could surprise her with it when she was well lubricated.
Damn, he was so hopeful he had finally found the answer.
The package arrived on Friday afternoon as expected, while Elise was still at work.
Dan opened the package with a sense of excitement, then trepidation. His manhood appeared so diminutive compared to the comparatively huge phallus. It did feel life-like as advertised...he was amazed.
He tried it on so the attempt would not be last minute. It positioned over his flaccid penis well, sitting on a cod piece like base. Two straps went between his legs from the bottom of the base, wrapping around his thighs to attach back to the top of the base. Those same straps then continued to form a waist belt, meeting in the middle of his back. This was quite comfortable, and kept his anus and buttock crevice clear, which he thought was thoughtful.
He looked for the fastener for the belt ends. There was no snap, no belt buckle. He looked at the instructions long enough to ascertain the only "fastener" was a small padlock. With some effort, he was able to secure the belt together with the opened hasp of the lock. The device was quite tight...his new, improved cock felt like a true extension of himself. He would just have to leave the lock unsecured.
As he was admiring his new look, he noticed there was even a slit opening at the head of the phallus. He supposed he could pee with the device on. Cool.
He was just settling in to read the remainder of the instructions when he heard the garage door go up. He had time to wonder why it said "sound included" before the interruption. Why would a penis extension need sound? Shit! She was home early!
He struggled and managed to slide the opened lock from the belt, quickly shoved the contraption back into its box, then ran to the master bathroom to hide it, carrying his shorts with him.
When he came back to the kitchen, slightly out of breath, Elise was just setting her bag on the counter. She eyed him suspiciously, "And what, pray tell, are YOU up to?"
"Nu-nuthing, babe...just happy to see you!"
"Uh-huh." She knew better, but decided not to press. Whatever it was, easy Dan was not up to anything evil. She trusted him.
Since Dan was home during the day, he usually had dinner made up. They enjoyed the grilled salmon and veggies he had prepared, then sat and enjoyed a beer while watching TV, snuggled on the couch.
It took a great deal of restraint for Dan not to grab her up and carry her off to the bedroom early.
Finally it was bedtime. As usual, Dan waited while Elise took care of her bathroom duties and brushed her teeth. Then as she stripped naked and got into bed, he took his turn in the bathroom.
After finishing his routine, Dan nervously fumbled with donning his new friend. Again, he had to work at sliding the lock into place behind his back, being careful not to lock it. Just in case, he made sure the two keys which came with the lock were on the bathroom counter where he could easily find them.
He flushed as he looked in the mirror and saw the much improved "erection" jutting from his midsection. He was concerned it may be too much. What if he hurt her? Or if she thought he was a freak?
Hesitantly, Dan entered the bedroom. Good, the lights were out. Normally, he would climb into bed, kissing and cuddling his wife for awhile before moving his way down her body. But there was no way she would not notice the presence between them. So tonight he switched things up.
Elise was surprised to find herself manfully pulled to the end of the bed by her legs, and her husband suddenly between her thighs. No foreplay tonight, just straight to his hot mouth on her pussy.
Wow!
She liked it. On his knees servicing her, seemingly concerned only with her pleasure. His strong hands were on her breasts, massaging and caressing as his mouth caressed her inner thighs and her mons. Fuck. He knew what he was doing. She subconsciously reached down and entertwined her fingers in his hair, savoring his attentions.
"Fuck, baby. I don't know whats gotten into you, but I fucking like it!"
Dan responded by moving his mouth directly over her shaved nether lips, sucking gently and bathing them with his flattened tongue while gently flicking her nipples with his fingers.
"Ohhh....mmmm....oh, Dan...eat my pussy..."
Elise very rarely used rough language in conversation. But in bed, when Dan did something well, she turned into a sailor. The eroticism of her cursing with a husky feminine voice, coupled with the reactions of her body, never failed to arouse Dan immensely. It was part of why he tended to fire off long before either of them wanted him to.
Dan began to grow erect within the sleeve of his new cock. There was only one place for his penis to go. Dan suddenly was introduced to what a "sound" was, and it had nothing to do with noise...unless you counted the surprised groans emitting from his busy mouth.
Fortunately for him, his uretha was very well lubricated with precum. As his penis grew, it impaled itself onto the stainless steel protrusion mounted inside the extension sleeve.
Elise was elated...just as Dan began to flick her clit with his tongue, starting her to her first orgasm, he cried out and moaned deeply into her center, forcing vibrations through her.
"Unghhh.....mmmmpppfffff!!"
The sound forced its way deeper inside of Dan's penis as it grew. He had never felt something like this before. The little phallus inside his phallus grew wider, spreading him open. He was almost in a panic...but he couldn't stop now.
"Huuummmppfffffunghhh!??!"
That sent Elise over the top. Her thighs clamped down tightly onto his head, her hand grasped his hair and she bucked passionately onto his mouth as she screamed through a shockingly violent orgasm.
"Oh, gawwwd motherfucker yessss!!! Don't stop! Eat my fucking pussy Dan! Fuuuck! Oohhhhhh!"
Dan was so thrilled. He sucked her clitoris into his mouth and began darting his hardened tongue across it, sending her into violent convulsions.
In the meantime, the sound had performed the task for which it was designed. Now imbedded inside of Dan's penis as far as it would go, it kept him centered within the sleeve. The OUTSIDE of his cock could not touch the INSIDE of the much bigger cock it occupied. No matter how much he tried, he would get no stimulation. The device would fulfill its promise that he could NOT cum within it. The sensations were frustratingly foreign. He had never had his manhood impaled before, and at the same time, it may as well have been suspended in the air...wirh no possibility of feeling. To top it all off, the base of the device formed a ring around his balls...they were held tight and full.
Dan wanted desperately to mount his wife and fuck her hard. But he would normally provide her with at least half a dozen orgasms orally, and was determined to do so tonight.
So despite his growing arousal, he focused on her. As she came down from her orgasm he lightly caressed her with his fingers and kissed or nuzzled her thighs and outer lips until she had calmed, then began to rise again. Then he returned to her sex and took her to another series of crashing orgasms.
He repeated this process several times, then decided it was time. The next time she began pressing her sex to his mouth, rather than bathing her clit with his tongue, he stood and prepared to enter her.
Elise was disappointed. She had been ready for another orgasm. Now she knew Dan would valiantly try, but only succeed in pumping into her a few times before filling her with his cum. She sighed inwardly. Oh well. She couldn't really compain. She forced herself to mewl contentedly, as if happy to receive him. She prepared for her orgasmic act to build her husband's ego.
As she felt his manhood press against her entrance, her eyes flew open...to make sure it was Dan above her! She knew it had been his talented tongue, but the broad, tumescent cockhead pushing gently into her was NOT the diminutive one she was used to feeling.
There he was, gazing lovingly back at her. She looked at him, puzzled, as the thick, spongy head pressed against her G-spot...a tremor coursed through her with more intensity than she had ever felt.
"Ohh...how?"
As Dan slowly worked his way deeper into her center, pushing in and then pulling out a little bit only to press homeward again, Elise forgot her question. For the moment, she no longer cared how, as long as it did not stop.
Dan was shocked when he felt his testicles contact her flesh. He had not really believed she could take it all, the length or the girth. But she had.
"Oh, fuck...Dan...so fucking full!"
He knew she had no idea just how filled she was. He rested for a moment, leaning down to kiss her breasts, then her lovely mouth.
Holding the kiss, he gently began pulling in and out, loving her tenderly. She broke the kiss as her body quaked, barely able to speak, she whispered, "Ooooohhhgaawd...Dannnn....please....please...."
Was he hurting her? "I'm sorry...am I hurting you??"
She clutched his upper arms desperately...without opening her eyes, she groaned, "Baby, FUCK me...pleease..."
Dan immediately increased his pace. He was thankful to discover that with the device secured so tightly, the sound his actual penis was impaled upon did not slide in and out as he fucked his wife...it remained in place. The frustration it caused by keeping him still within the sleeve was maddening; but he reasoned it was better than if it moved within him.
Dan settled into a steady rhythm. This by itself was nothing new. He knew what motions to make for his wife...he had just never been large enough or lasted long enough for it to matter.
It sure seemed to matter now. It seemed to matter a great deal.
The larger, firm, life-like phallus with an incredibly flared head titilated every nerve ending within Elise's vagina, activating her G-spot in ways she never knew could happen. Each time it penetrated her, it pulled her clitoris with it...adding even more sensations.
Soon Dan was experiencing what he had hitherto only dreamed about. There was absolutely no doubt his wife's reactions were real.
She began thrusting onto him, returning his motions with desperate vigor. Her head thrashed back and forth while she clawed at his back with her fingernails. He endured and loved the pain as she left scratches criss- crossing his back.
As she experienced the strongest series of orgasms she had ever endured, she screamed in purely blissful release.
"Aaaaauuuuugghheeeeee!!!! Fuckfuckfuckfuckfuck....Oh, Daniel FUCK ME!!! Sonuvabitch! HARDER!!"
Just when Elise thought it could not get more intense, Dan leaned up, slung her long legs up over his shoulders, and used the optimal angle to drive his new cock more firmly across her pleasure centers. He fucked her without mercy.
Elise's entire body shook violently, trembling with waves of orgasmic fervor. Her mouth worked silently; she wanted to scream and curse, but no sounds would form. Unable to reach him to gain purchase now, her hands clasped at the bedsheets in almost panicked release.
After several multi-orgasmic peaks, Elise fell still, "No more....I can't take anymore..."
Dan, covered in persperation, withrew slowly, gently, then fell to the mattress beside her. Now he trembled with frustration as he tried to catch his breath. His cock was throbbing needily within the larger tumescence.
His wife looked over at him and could now see what had been driving her to new heights.
"Holy fucking shit...that was all inside me??"
He nodded, unable to speak.
"Oh, Danny....I love you. Thank you..."
She fell asleep. It took awhile, but Dan eventually followed her into slumber.
When they awoke in the middle of the night, she had to know. "Danny boy, what HAVE you done? What is this?"
In his sleep, his erection had receded, disengaging itself from the sound. He was somewhat more relaxed, but excited to explain.
"Please don't be mad...but I have known for a long time you were faking when I...fucked you. I had to fix it. I saw this online and had to order it."
She lifted the permanently ready cock, toying with it as he continued.
"That is a penis extension...my dick is inside of it, of course. It has a sound inside of it..."
"A sound?"
"A stainless steel tube...I found out the hard way last night that when I get hard, it pushes inside my dick and keeps it still...so my skin doesn't touch the inside of the extension..."
"Oh, shit. Why?"
"To keep me from cumming while its on."
"YOU NEVER CAME?!"
"No...apparently I really can't while its on. The main purpose of the extension and belt is to make it possible for me to please you the way you should be. That is what I figured we would use it for...but the paperwork said it could be used as a chastity device too..."
"What is that?"
"Well, it keeps me from cumming. There is a lock on it that I didn't lock...and I guess some women use it to control their husband or boyfriend's orgasms. See?"
He turned over to show her how the belt was secured.
"Its really comfortable. And the extensions is eight and a half inches long...the girth I think is..."
*SNICK*
"Wha——what was that?"
Dan tried to reach behind his back...realizing that Elise had reached over and snapped the padlock shut.
He looked at her in sudden trepidation. The realization that he could not take the device off by himself made his heart stop for a moment.
She looked back coquettishly, a fingernail pressed against her lip. Mischief was eminating from her beautiful eyes.
"I know what a chastity belt is, silly...I wanna play with it...please?"
"Ummm...what do you mean?"
"I want to be your 'keyholder' and see how you handle not cumming for awhile..." She batted her eyes at him playfully.
"But I need to cum so badly now...all we die last night...and babe, I have not cum in a week as it is."
He was surprised to see his loving wife shudder in sexual tension at just the thought of it. It looked like she may have cum a little.
She chided him, "Pwease, baby? It could be fun...won't you play with me? You love me so well with your tongue and your new cock..."
He could never deny her...even if she was denying him.
"Uh...okay...maybe it could be fun..."
"Yay! Keys please? I love you so much!" She held out her hand.
Dan retrieved the two keys that had come with the device and placed them in her hand.
As he watched her slide one of the keys onto the necklace around her lovely throat, then drop it between her breasts, he felt the sound pressing against the slit of his growing cock. Damnit! This was turning him on! "Hummmppffhh"
Elise smiled at his reaction. "Did you say there is a manual? I would like to read it, please. No offense babe, but I know you tend to scan over things. I want to make sure you are taken care of properly."
Dan retrieved the booklet and handed it to her. She was laying against the headboard on pillows. As she opened the booklet, she also opened her firm thighs. Without looking away from her reading, she pointed with her other fingers towards her sex, implying it was time for some oral attentions while she studied.
As Dan passionately devoured her, she interjected knowledge she gained that he had glossed over.
"The sound is hollow. And there are openings in your new cock's head where you can pee, erect or flaccid."
She enjoyed his attentions for awhile.
"There is a small hole near the base for a hose to attach so we can clean you thoroughly....it says I could keep you locked up for months safely!"
"There is a leather pocket at the closure for the lock to slide into, with a zipper...so you wouldn't be able to access the lock to tinker with it...damn, these people are serious, babe."
The information, his wife's willingness to deny him, her moans, her scent, her taste, her hips bucking against his face, and his own locked down erection, were driving him to distraction.  
He moaned in frustration as she moaned in satisfaction, enjoying several orgasms.
She finally lay the booklet down.
"Come here and fuck your wife, stud. I promise...no more faking orgasms."
As Dan pushed the large, turgid manhood which enveloped him into her, she cried out.
"Oh, Dan! I am the luckiest girl in the world! Fuck me, baby, fuck me!"