Girlfriend's First Nude Beach Experience
by BeachExhibit

My girlfriend and I had both been turned on by doing some 'accidental' flashing. We discovered what a thrill it was to have others watch us. She really enjoyed being seen and I would always ask her to leave her bra and panties at home. She found that she liked doing that and she would begin to look for ways to show off. I was always proud because everyone knew that this very sexy woman was with me.

I had been to a nude beach in the Keys several times and loved the feeling of being naked and being around others who were enjoying the same thing. I know that some people who are nudists claim that there is nothing sexual about it but that wasn't my experience at all. I found it to be very arousing to be in that situation.

My girlfriend was a bit more reluctant than me about being naked on the beach. It was something that I'd wanted to share with her and, after much discussion, she agreed to go along and see what it would be like. Eventually we had a few days off and we decided to go to the nude beach and see if she liked it. I was thrilled and, of course, I hoped she would have a blast. I told her that we would never see these people again so she should just relax and go with the moment and do whatever made her feel good.

The part of the beach where we could be naked was about a half mile walk from the parking area. Most people who object to nudity won't walk that far. As we walked along we saw singles and couples who were naked and who were very relaxed as we walked past. She began to relax, too, and I knew she was enjoying seeing all of the naked bodies.

We walked far enough so that we had gone past most of the people and found a spot to lay out our beach blanket. I was trying to be sure that she felt safe and comfortable and could enjoy this time. Our nearest neighbor was a middle aged guy who was on his blanket about a hundred feet from us. He was close enough that we could notice each other but not so close that my girlfriend couldn't relax.

As we settled in I took off my swimsuit and we walked the water's edge. I loved being at this beach and I had gently suggested that she take her bikini top off but she said, "Maybe later." So I still had hope!

We went back to our beach blanket and lay in the sunshine. After a few minutes, I leaned over and kissed her. We always loved making out and we were both getting a bit turned on. I wanted her to know how turned on I was getting so I put my hard cock in her hand. She loved it and squeezed and stroked me as I put my hand under her bikini top and rubbed her breasts and nipples.

When I again suggested that she take off her top she didn't argue. She sat up, untied her top and let it fall away, exposing her breasts to the sun… and to our neighbor who was watching us. She has wonderful full breasts and nipples that love to get attention. I leaned over and rubbed them and sucked on her nipples until they were hard.

She glanced over to see our neighbor watching and I was thrilled that she seemed very comfortable having him look at her. After all, he was still a hundred feet away. She asked me to rub suntan lotion on her and lay back with her arms over her head. I made sure that I covered every part of her and I spent quite a bit of time on her breasts and nipples, making sure that those wonderful parts were protected against too much sun. After playing for a few more minutes we both lay back to enjoy this beach time.

The next time I looked around, our neighbor had walked out to the water and I watched as he walked along the shoreline past where we were. After a few more minutes, he turned to walk back to his blanket. He was walking from the water up the beach and I could see he would walk past us to get to his spot.

I told my girlfriend that she might enjoy watching him. She propped up on her elbows and watched as he approached. She was really enjoying seeing this naked guy. He didn't have an erection but I could tell his cock was enjoying this experience too. When he reached us, he stopped and we talked for a few minutes about how wonderful it was to be at this beach.

He asked if we came very often and I told him that I had been here several times but it was my girlfriend's first time. She had on her sunglasses but I guessed she was staring at his cock which was now getting hard… from staring at her breasts! I was thrilled because I knew she was loving this experience.

As he was getting ready to walk back to his spot he told her that he hoped she was having fun and aded that she "looked great." I was surprised when, without hesitation, she told him, "You look great, too."

He walked away and I told her that I was a bit surprised that she'd told him that he looked great.

She said, "Well, he does look great," and then added that she was turned on watching him get an erection because of her. She said she wished he had stayed longer so she could see what would happen next. I teased her by saying that, even behind her sunglasses, I could tell that she was admiring his cock.

" Yeah I was," she said, "but how could you tell?"

I told her that both he and I could both see her nipples getting hard. "Oh yeah, I guess that gave me away," she said and lay back again.

I then got on my knees and reached over and took both sides of her bikini bottoms and began to slip them off. There was no protest from her and she raised her hips so I could see all of my very sexy lady! We were very aroused and she laid back and spread her legs. My hand went to her open pussy and I felt how wet she was. I slipped two fingers into her pussy and rubbed her clit. We both loved it.

I looked up and our neighbor was watching and I knew there would be another visit from him. I told her that he was watching and I thought she would be able to see him up close again. She smiled and said she was hoping for that - and so was I!

We were having a great time. She was enjoying being naked and walking out into the water and playing with me. I was hoping that this would be something she'd want to do again and again. We walked back to our blanket and lay again in the sun. She looked at our neighbor and said she thought he was enjoying the show because she could see him stroking his cock. I asked her if she liked seeing the effect she had on guys and she said she really loved it. She told me that when everyone had clothes on and she thought a guy was admiring her she couldn't be sure if he was being aroused. But when the guy was naked there was no doubt!

We sat back on our blanket and enjoyed the warmth of the sun and the glow of being really turned on. I had brought a water bottle of vodka and tonic and we shared it as we sat on this wonderful beach. I'd brought the drinks because I thought it might loosen her up. But now I thought it might help to calm me down!

After a few minutes she said she should but some sunscreen on me so I didn't burn. She sat up and started with my legs and then went to my stomach and shoulders. I told her thanks but added that I thought she'd missed a very important part of me. She said she was saving the best part for last... and that she wanted to wait until two women who were walking along the beach toward us, got closer.

I glanced to my right and saw the couple she was waiting for. The women were naked, probably in their thirties and enjoying their walk towards us - a very aroused couple!

As they got closer, my girlfriend began to give my cock all of her attention. I was very turned on and the women slowed down to watch as she rubbed my cock, which was standing straight up. She hadn't yet put on the sun lotion but she was having fun watching the drops of pre-cum that covered the head of my cock. I was amazed when she bent over and took the head into her mouth.

She licked my cock, moving the head in and out of her mouth. I was trying not to be obvious but I wanted to see their reaction so I put my hands behind my head and opened my eyes. I was ready to cum knowing they were watching us! My girlfriend stopped sucking me for a moment and smiled at them. One of the ladies said, "Very nice."

They continued on their walk and my girlfriend asked me if I enjoyed having them watch. I told her it was amazing and one of the most erotic things I'd ever experienced! She said, "Just wait," and I wasn't sure what she meant but I was eager to find out.

I told her that I thought she was enjoying this nude beach experience and she agreed but said she wanted to make it even more memorable. I asked her how and she said just wait. She then told me that, when the women walked back past us, she was going to make me cum while they watched. I couldn't believe what I was hearing but most of all I couldn't wait for them to head back in our direction!

I sat up and saw the women were now down by our neighbor and they were chatting and seemed to be getting to know each other. Finally, they turned and started back.

My cock was already hard and we knew that they would be looking at us again. My girlfriend got on her knees next to me and we kissed while she was rubbing my cock. She had her knees spread invitingly and I put a couple of fingers in her pussy and rubbed her clit.

She looked over her shoulder and said, "OK stud, it's showtime!"

I said that maybe they would be offended watching me cum. But she said, "Be serious, they will love watching a horny guy with a big, thick eight-and-a-half inch cock shooting cum everywhere. I promise, they'll enjoy it."

I was sold on the thought and I think my cock was as hard as it had ever been. I kept rubbing her pussy as they approached and she was stroking my cock, making sure that they could see. This time, I propped up on my elbows so I wouldn't miss a moment.

When they were just a few feet away my girlfriend asked them if they would watch us for a few minutes. I couldn't believe what I was hearing! They said she should take all of the time she wanted. Her mouth closed around my cock and their hands went to their pussies and I knew the show would last only a few minutes! What a scene: I was rubbing my girlfriend's pussy, she was stroking and sucking me and they were both rubbing their pussies. In my wildest dreams I could never have imagined this!

I said I was just about to cum and my girlfriend said she was too. Then she pushed her hand to the base of my cock which was proudly rigid, standing straight up as I began to spurt my load of cum everywhere. When they saw me cum it pushed all of them over the edge and we all had orgasms together. My girl leaned over and licked the last of my cum from the tip of my cock.

We all agreed that it was an amazing experience and the women walked off talking about what had just happened. I told my girlfriend that she was absolutely the sexiest and most amazing woman ever.

She kissed me and said, "I know and you're welcome."

We then walked out into the sea and sat down on the sandy bottom and enjoyed the warmth of the tropical water. We discussed what we'd just done. She said she hadn't planned for any of that to happen but it just felt great and was something she wanted to do. Before very long I told her that I thought we should probably pack up and make our way back to the campground.

We walked back to our blanket and sat down to dry off in the sun for a few more minutes. She lay back very relaxed and I just had to spread her legs and put my mouth on her pussy. When my face is in her pussy the rest of the world doesn't exist.

She told me to look at our neighbor who was now walking out into the water displaying a very large erection. He was in the water knee deep and walking in our direction.

I asked, "Do you want to leave now?"

"Are you kidding? No way!"

It was obvious that she was turned on and I was turned on and our neighbor was turned on. She had propped herself up on her elbows so she could watch him and this time didn't bother with the sunglasses. She wanted him to know she was staring at him.

When he got level with us he turned and walked toward the beach. I was kneeling beside my girlfriend and was loving her reaction to her first nude beach experience. She still had her legs slightly spread and was clearly loving all of the attention. As he approached I was rubbing her breasts and nipples. He walked up to us and asked her if she was enjoying her first nude beach experience.

"I'm having a wonderful time. And it looks like you 'e enjoying yourself, too."

He smiled and said, "It's impossible to control my cock when I'm watching such an erotic show."

I moved my hand to her pussy and she opened her thighs wider so that I could rub her pussy and spread her pussy lips. He had a wonderful view of her stroking my very hard cock and me rubbing her very aroused pussy. She sat up and moved her other hand to her pussy. Both her fingers and my fingers were rubbing her and I thought she was about to cum.

He was watching us and stroking his cock and spreading pre-cum around the head. I thought that it would be great if we all could cum together but my girlfriend got there first and she rolled her head back, obviously having a very intense orgasm.

He told her, "I love watching you and seeing you have such a wonderful orgasm. You are a very sexy woman."

She looked at me to see if I was offended but I told them that I loved it, too. I said, "It has been such a wonderful day we should all see if we can cum together."

I surprised my girlfriend when I asked, "Would you like it if we knelt down beside you and covered your breasts with our cum?"

"I would love it.," she said and then surprised me by adding, "But I want to have a hard cock in each hand when you shoot off on me. And I want both of you rubbing my pussy to make me cum."

At this point, she was rubbing her pussy, I was stroking my cock and our neighbour was watching and stroking his cock. He looked like he was ready to cum and so we did exactly as my girlfriend had ordered. She grabbed our cocks and was soon beating us off. He began to cum and I wasn't far behind.. We splattered her breasts with our cum and that pushed her over the edge. She had another huge orgasm and we had all just cum together.

He stood up and was wiping his dripping cock when he told her that he was glad her first nude beach experience would be so memorable.

As he walked away she called after him. "Will you be here tomorrow? "

He said "Absolutely. I wouldn't miss it for the world."

My girlfriend and I walked out into the sea and and let the warm water wash over us. I was fascinated watching two loads of cum wash off her breasts into the tropical water. Tomorrow couldn't come soon enough!

