Reversal of Fortune - Chapter Two
Copyright 2007 by An Awful Cad
M/F, MMF, Oral, Anal, Mast, Veggie, Cheat, NC, Reluct


This story is the continuation of Reversal of Fortune Ch. 01. 

Disclaimer: Its porn. Dont read it if it might offend you, if it's illegal
for you, or if you have an actual or mental age of less than 18.
 
 
 
Part 1
 
After our climactic orgasms, we both sat there silently, literally and 
figuratively drained.  At least I was literally drained.  She had a belly (and 
face) full of my hot semen.  I handed her a sock to wipe the sticky mess from 
her face.  I watched with amusement as she attempted to clean herself up.  
Resuming my dominant demeanor, I told her, "I guess you can be a good girl when 
you try.  That was a good job there." I said, fully meaning the pun, although I 
don't think she got it.  "That's all for today.  We can deal with the window 
tomorrow when I have some more information."
 
I told Sherry to come by in the morning, when I would have spoken to the 
insurance folks and the window repairman.  I wasn't sure exactly what Sherry 
would do, or even what I wanted to happen.  This dominance thing was new to me.  
I guess I sort of thought that she wouldn't show up, or that she would send 
Harvey and that would be the end of it.  But I was wrong.
 
At ten the next morning, there was a knock on the door.  The kids were at school 
and I opened the door to find Sherry standing there.  She was by herself and was 
dressed in a conservative, high-necked, long sleeved blouse, buttoned down the 
front, and an ankle-length black skirt.  Her eyes were cast down at the floor 
and she was nervously wringing her hands in front of her.  
 
I led her to the living room and offered her a drink, which she declined.  I 
poured myself a cup of coffee and sat down across from her seat on the couch, 
but so close our knees were almost touching.  I felt relaxed and confident.  My 
destiny had literally knocked on my door.  I knew that despite her attempt to 
conceal her sexuality behind prudish clothing, she had come back to be my 
obedient servant, ready and willing to do anything I asked of her.
 
"Sherry, I'm afraid it's bad news." I stated ominously.  I was pretty sure our 
new relationship wasn't really about the window, or her ability to get it fixed, 
but it seemed to trigger a certain response from her so I launched into the 
details of how much it would cost to get the window repaired and that with the 
deductible on the insurance, it would be quite expensive to replace.  As I 
recited the cold, hard (somewhat exaggerated) facts, I reached out and began 
unbuttoning Sherry's blouse.  By the time I finished, her blouse was open to her 
waist.  Her eyes were closed; she was breathing heavily as I slipped the sheer 
fabric off her shoulders and unhooked her bra to expose her pert breasts.
 
Admiring her exposed flesh, I ran my fingernails lightly over the soft mounds of 
her chest, drawing an involuntary shiver from Sherry and stiffening her nipples 
to hard little points.  I pulled her forward off the couch until she knelt on 
the floor in front of me.  Unbuttoning my pants to release my throbbing shaft, I 
grabbed her head and slowly fed her my engorged stalk.  I wrapped my hand around 
her head, feeling her dark, silky hair cascading over my fingers and roughly 
fucked her face until I came deep in her mouth.
 
This time she did a much better job of taking my load, and afterwards I looked 
at her, kneeling on the floor between my legs, panting slightly.  Her mouth was 
open and her lips were glossed with a shiny mixture of spit and my cum.  She sat 
immobile, with her eyes averted, as if she was waiting for something.  I had a 
pretty good idea what she wanted.  "Stand up." I ordered.
 
She was an incongruous sight as she stood for my inspection.  Naked from the 
waist up, chest heaving slightly from her exertions, cheeks flushed and lips wet 
with my man milk, while down below her long black skirt covered every inch of 
her flesh and looked like it could have been worn by a Mormon schoolmarm.  
 
"You may finish now." I told her, zipping my cock back into my pants.  She gave 
a slight whimper and hesitated.  "Go on," I said.  "On the couch."  With a look 
of relief she sat back on the couch and reached under the folds of her skirt.
 
Her hand went straight to her crotch and began a rapid rubbing motion. "Stop!" I 
barked abruptly.  She froze with her hand buried in her twat and although she 
did not look at me, I could see the panic and shame in her eyes.  I lifted her 
skirt and bunched it around her waist, so I could see her hand burrowing inside 
her pretty pink panties.  Grabbing the soft cotton on either side, I pulled her 
panties down slowly, revealing her glistening bush and soft thighs, until the 
damp fabric was twisted around her ankles.  I spread her knees wide, exposing 
her steaming pink slit and engorged clit.  "You may continue." I told her.
 
Sherry's face was red with shame and she tried to avoid eye contact as she 
resumed stroking her pussy, a little slower now.  I stared as her fingers dipped 
into her dripping cunt and circled her swollen clitoris.  I don't know who 
enjoyed her performance more, her or me, although within a few minutes, she was 
the one who was biting her fist to stifle a moan as her orgasm overtook her in a 
series of wrenching tremors.
 
I let her recline on the couch as she recovered from the intensity of her 
orgasm.  As she caught her breath, I enjoyed the thought of how thoroughly I had 
turned this once-chaste housewife and mother into a cock sucking whore and sex 
slave, willing to do my bidding.  I reached out and petted her abused and still 
sensitive pussy, causing her to jump at the touch.  "You may go now." I told 
her, "but be back at the same time tomorrow."  With that, I walked out of the 
room, leaving her to reassemble her clothes and get out.
 
Sure enough, the next morning, at the `stroke' of 10, Sherry knocked on the 
door.  In fact, Sherry made herself available every morning for the next week 
and I took advantage of the opportunity to train her in the fine arts of cock 
sucking and suburban whoring.  I taught her to kneel in front of me and to keep 
her eyes open and holding my gaze when she blew me.  With much uncomfortable 
practice (uncomfortable for her, that is) I taught her to take my cock deep in 
her throat and tongue my balls while massaging my pole with her throat muscles 
until I blasted my load directly down her gullet and into her stomach.  I taught 
her how to heighten my orgasm by sucking and fondling my balls and asshole when 
I came.  By the end of the week she had mastered enough skills so that she could 
have earned a good living working the docks of San Pedro.  Eventually, I fucked 
her too.  But that seemed to have the wrong emotional subtext and didn't produce 
quite the same rush for me, although it was fun to send her home with her cunt 
all soupy and awash with my jism.
 
Part 2
 
Depravity is a drug. And I was hooked.  Although I was enjoying my daily 
sessions with Sherry, I began to feel a need to take our relationship to another 
level.  I had periodic twinges of remorse, mostly over the fact that all of this 
was taking place behind Lisa's back, but the incredible sense of power and 
control I got from my new plaything was too great.  I began scheming, thinking 
up new acts of debauchery that would assert my control over Sherry and give me 
the fix I needed.  One morning, as I watched Harvey load Max into the car to go 
off to school, a glimmer of a plan began to form in my head.
 
A little while later, Sherry showed up for her daily session with me.  I let her 
in and, as was now my custom, immediately made her strip naked and took away her 
clothes.  I led her to the kitchen and made her clean the dishes, while I 
interrogated her about her husband and his daily schedule.  The kitchen had 
several large windows to our back yard, which, although it was pretty private, 
still left open the possibility that someone could look in and see Sherry naked 
in her neighbor's kitchen as if it were the most natural thing in the world.
 
I could see that the combination of the possibility that she might be seen and 
the fact that I was asking her intimate details about her family was producing a 
strong sexual tension in Sherry.  She was nervous, frustrated and scared all at 
once.  I moved up right behind her at the sink and pressed my fully-clothed 
groin into her naked ass, pinning her against the counter. I reached around and 
grabbed her already stiff nipples in both hands and began a vigorous twisting of 
those tender nubs - clockwise on the left and counter-clockwise on the right. 
 
"So," I hissed, with my tongue practically in her ear, "does Harvey know what 
you do over here every day?"  
 
Sherry's eyes widened.  "No," she replied hesitantly, "not exactly."  
 
"Well, what `exactly' do you tell him?" I asked sarcastically. 
 
"He told me that it was my problem and that I had to do whatever it took to fix 
it, so I just tell him that I do whatever you ask me to do and leave it at 
that."
 
"You mean you don't tell him that you strip naked for me?"  She bit her lip and 
shook her head no.  "You don't tell him that you suck my cock like a whore and 
drink my cum?"  She shook her head again.  "You don't tell him that you get so 
horny that you diddle your cunt while I watch the show?" I was twisting the 
knife now.  "Like he doesn't know, anyways.  Does he get all hot and want to 
fuck you afterwards, or does he just jerk off imagining all the things I'm doing 
to you?"  
 
That got a rise out of her.  "Well he's not fucking me, that's for sure," she 
said coldly.  
 
I laughed at her response. "Today we're going to give him a little present."
 
After that, I took Sherry to the guest bedroom and put her through her paces.  
She demonstrated an enthusiasm bordering on hunger as she lubed up my shaft with 
her saliva and began stroking it rapidly with her left hand, making her diamond 
engagement ring glint in the dim light.  She sucked my balls into her mouth and 
swirled them around like wine, then went down and tongued my puckered anus until 
it was moist and juicy, before rising up and plunging my slick shaft all the way 
into her throat.
 
I was in no mood for a display of her talents, however and I took over, fucking 
Sherry's face with abandon.  I ruthlessly plundered her mouth and throat, 
pummeling her soft palate with my cockhead and slapping my balls off her chin 
with each stroke.  I pumped my cock furiously into her mouth as I felt the cum 
rising in my shaft.  As my spunk erupted from the tip of my shaft, I ripped my 
cock from her gasping mouth and began to spray down her face and hair with my 
hot, sticky seed.  After firing a shot off her forehead, I pointed my cannon at 
her shiny black tresses and fired out blast after blast into her glossy mane.  I 
squeezed out the last drop into her hair, leaving her tousseled locks festooned 
with sticky blobs of my cum.
 
Afterwards, I made her get dressed and go home without her usual masturbatory 
release. I instructed her not to wash or even touch the mess in her hair.  I 
told her that if my cum wasn't still in her hair tomorrow, there would be hell 
to pay and that she didn't want to find out what that meant.
 
Part 3
 
The next day, I was ready to begin the next phase of my plan.  I watched through 
the window as Harvey left with Max.  I took a long hot shower and tried to relax 
but I was too excited. Like a kid before Christmas, I was bursting with 
anticipation.  Finally, I locked up and went across the street and rapped 
sharply on Sherry and Harvey's door.  Sherry was clearly surprised to see me and 
the shock and fear were plain on her face.  "Invite me in, Sherry." I instructed 
her.  
 
She stepped aside to let me inside but as soon as she shut the door, she blurted 
out, "What are you doing here?", keeping her voice in a low stage whisper, even 
though we were the only ones in the house.  
 
"I thought we'd play at your house today." I replied mockingly.
 
Her hair looked awful.  My cum had dried to a dull paste.  It might not have 
been obvious exactly what it was, but the matted clumps sticking up from her 
hair were a sure sign that something was amiss.
 
"So how did Harvey like his present?" I asked, running my fingers through her 
gnarled coif.
 
"He didn't say anything." Sherry mumbled.
 
"Nice.  Very nice" I replied with a laugh.  "He's a classy guy.  Let's go into 
the kitchen, I feel like a cup of coffee."  Sherry put the kettle on to boil and 
began to straighten up the kitchen, nervously flitting from side to side.  "You 
know, Sherry, that's not really appropriate attire for that sort of work." I 
said, with a nod at her plain cotton shirt and sweatpants.
 
"What do you want me to - oh." She stopped, realizing what I was asking.  Bowing 
her head, she began to unbutton her shirt, peeling it off to expose her simple 
white underwire bra pushing up her modest chest.  She slid her pants down too, 
revealing her plain cotton panties.  It wasn't going to get her hired down at 
the Spearmint Rhino but watching this suburban mom reluctantly strip was 
tremendously exciting.  As she shrugged off her bra, revealing her small breasts 
and diamond-hard nipples, I felt my cock twitch with joy.
 
When she was totally undressed, Sherry resumed her chores while I sat down on 
the couch and waited silently.  I watched Sherry walking around the house, 
completely naked, cleaning up the dishes and general mess.  The contrast between 
her stark nudity and her domestic actions was extremely stimulating.  I 
particularly enjoyed watching her plump asscheeks shimmy as she sashayed by.
 
I let the tension grow in the silence between us.  Although I enjoyed watching 
Sherry squirm in anticipation of my next move, I felt a need to exploit my 
control over her.  As she put away what looked like the remains of the lunch she 
had prepared for the kids, I had an idea.  I crossed the room silently and 
grabbed her arm as she was putting away a bag of carrots.
 
"So you like carrots." I stated flatly.  "Me too.  I love carrots."  I turned 
the bag over and a medium-sized carrot slid out of the hole, causing Sherry to 
grab it before it fell to the floor.  "Right now I'd like to see you love this 
carrot."
 
She looked at me like I was crazy, staring back and forth between me and the 
carrot while she tried to figure out what I meant.  I raised my eyebrows as if 
to say, "What are you waiting for?".  A look of shame and understanding came 
across her face and she slowly raised the unwashed root to her mouth and let it 
rest on her plush lips.  Slowly she snaked out her tongue and ran it in circles 
over the carrot's tip before gradually sliding it into her mouth.  Her 
embarrassment was palpable, but she did a good job attempting to appear sensual 
as she fellated the cold orange stalk.
 
When she had taken enough of the carrot into her mouth to cause her cheeks to 
bulge obscenely (although not down her throat, as I now knew she was capable 
of), I shook my head with a look of disapproval.  "I said love the carrot, 
Sherry."  She paused in mid-suck and stared at me, until that same look of shame 
and understanding again washed over her face.
 
Withdrawing the carrot from her mouth, she slowly dragged it down her torso and 
through the dark patch of hair between her legs.  She slid the carrot across the 
opening to her pussy and looked at me expectantly, as if anticipating a reprieve 
that did not come.  Bowing her legs to provide easier access, Sherry penetrated 
her vaginal lips and fed the carrot steadily into her canal, producing a visible 
shudder throughout her body.  Sherry looked uncomfortable, not just because she 
was fucking a vegetable in front of me and her face was beet red with 
embarrassment, but also because her crouching position and bent legs seemed 
awkward.
 
Rising from the couch, I took her by the shoulder and led her back to the seat.  
Without allowing her to remove the carrot from her cunt, I eased her down on the 
fabric and propped her legs on either side so that she was splayed open in front 
of me and I had a close up view of the now slick carrot as it slid into her 
gaping hole.  Settling back into the seat she began to warm to her work, 
churning her cunt with deep, steady thrusts of the glistening vegetable.  She 
picked up her pace, pumping faster, occasionally removing the carrot from her 
hole to slide it along her enflamed pussy lips and over the engorged nub of her 
clit.  On one of these strokes I took charge, interrupting her with a command.
 
"That's right.  Run it all the way up there."  She pondered this command from 
under heavy-lidded eyes and began sawing the greasy stalk across her clit like a 
concert violinist.
 
"Now down."  She turned the carrot around and dragged it back down through her 
wet furrow.  When she was finished she started to re-insert the carrot into her 
pussy, until I stopped her.  "Keep going." I said calmly, "Further down."  
Withdrawing the carrot from her snatch, she obediently continued the southward 
journey of the erstwhile snack.
 
Her eyes were wide open now as she tentatively slid the flat of the carrot 
across her wrinkled ass pucker.  Back and forth, like a nervous teenager playing 
a Bach sonata at her first recital.  She would not make eye contact with me, but 
I could see the hot flush of shame on her cheeks.  "Sherry," I said quietly, 
commanding her attention. "Go on." I gave her my best "Don Corleone" nod and the 
color drained from her face. She knew what had to be done.
 
Tilting the carrot outward, she began to search for her puckered opening with 
the tip.  Probing blindly, she circled her anus with the slick stalk, spreading 
her pussy cream around the rim.  Finally the tip dropped into the tiny aperture 
with what seemed to be an audible pop.  She hesitated for a moment, then pushed 
forward with the carrot making a slight dent in the surface of her asshole, but 
nothing more.  She shifted her grip on the carrot and tried again.  This time 
about a half inch of carrot disappeared inside her ass as Sherry emitted a sharp 
moan.
 
"I can't do it," she said in a small voice. "It's just too tight."  
 
I took in the sight of her white knuckles attempting to strangle the offending 
carrot and her taughtly clenched abdomen and asscheeks with which she 
desperately attempted to expel the intruder in her rectum.  I could understand 
why she couldn't do it.  I gave her a wry, disappointed smile and leaned in to 
clap my hands on her shoulders and kiss her roughly on the mouth. 
 
"That was a good try," I hissed before I captured her tongue in my mouth.  I 
kissed her brutally and swabbed her throat with my tongue.   She whimpered with 
relief and I felt her go limp as she succumbed to my oral assault.
 
"But not good enough," I thought to myself as I drove forward with my hips and 
used my clothed groin to push the carrot into her sphincter.  She tensed and 
drew a deep, sucking breath as I pressed forward and sank the first inch into 
her rectum.  I paused for a moment to let her initial paroxysm pass and then, as 
if I were tapping a nail, I drove the carrot bit-by-bit deeper into her tightly 
clenched bowels.
 
When I had roughly 5 inches of the rigid root stuck in her ass, I released her 
mouth and sat back to enjoy my handiwork.  She looked pale and drained, but 
perhaps not as uncomfortable as you might expect of someone with an undigested 
vegetable in her colon.  "See," I said, encouragingly, "I knew you could do it.  
Now stand up."
 
Sherry staggered to her feet and I switched places with her, sitting myself on 
the chair while she stood in front of me.  I reached out and grabbed the hilt of 
the carrot, which protruded from her ass, and pulled her roughly towards me.  
She gave a start and lurched forward, enabling me to plant my mouth directly 
over her clit and sopping pussy.  I sucked hard, drawing her engorged lips and 
throbbing nubbin into my mouth.  Sherry gasped and her knees buckled but I was 
able to stop her fall as my firm grip on the carrot effectively made her impale 
herself even more.
 
I flogged her clit with my tongue several times, drawing violent shudders from 
her.  She was juicing copiously and I could literally taste her excitement.  The 
feeling was electric.  I felt totally alive and preternaturally aware of all my 
senses.  My lust was overwhelming and I jumped up to tear off my clothes before 
regaining control and stopping myself with a jerk.  This wasn't in the script.  
I had planned out much more, and giving in to my urges now would certainly put a 
wrench in the plans. 
 
I was beginning to wonder how I could pull back from this precipice and control 
myself, when suddenly we heard the garage door, signaling Harvey's return.  
Sherry flinched, but I held her firmly in place with the carrot.
 
Sherry turned to me pleadingly. "Please don't do this," she begged.  "Just let 
me go upstairs and get dressed.  I'll do anything you want..."  I laughed inwardly 
at this.  As if she wouldn't already do anything I wanted her to do.
 
"I think you already know that's not the way it's going to go, don't you 
Sherry."  She didn't reply, but just bowed her head and stared silently at the 
floor.  "Now. Let's get this show started."
 
I dragged the carrot from her ass with a plop and set it down on the counter.  
Taking her by the elbow, I led her into the living room and dropped down on the 
big overstuffed couch.  I pulled Sherry down next to me and ordered her to unzip 
my pants and pull out my cock.  It was, of course, fully rampant.  
 
"Start sucking it, nice and slow.  And whatever happens, don't speak or do 
anything unless I tell you to, understand?"  I thought I saw a tear welling in 
her eye as she nodded silently and assumed a crouching position on her knees 
next to me on the sofa.  I pressed her head into my groin and was treated to the 
incredible sensation of my cock slipping into her warm, slippery mouth.  I 
guided her head up and down slowly; setting the pace I wanted her to take.  
Despite her apprehension, she settled into a deliberate rhythm, bathing my shaft 
in her slick saliva and massaging the pulsing veins with her tongue on every 
long, slow stroke.  It was an incredible, luxurious suck and I was just 
contemplating how much her skills had improved in scarcely more than a week, 
when the door to the garage burst open and Harvey walked in.
 
Part 4
 
I had one arm splayed across the top of the couch and the other resting on 
Sherry's naked back, so I could feel her cringe when she heard the door open but 
I applied gentle pressure to remind her of her place.  Harvey said hello and 
took a step into the room, then stopped short as he took in the lewd sight in 
front of him.  I lounged casually on their plush sofa, smiling nonchalantly, 
while his naked wife knelt at my side, bobbing slowly and steadily on my cock, 
without so much as a glance at Harvey.  
 
"Hi there," I said cheerily. "Come on in." I waved him into the living room and 
gestured to one of the other chairs as if it were mine.  
 
Harvey looked like he had been punched in the stomach by Mike Tyson.  His mouth 
gaped open and he moved like a sleepwalker.  "Just like Sherry, when I first 
broke her," I thought to myself.  
 
Harvey sank slowly in the chair and mumbled, "What's going on here?" to no one 
in particular.  
 
"Oh," I said, as if I were just noticing it myself. "Well, your little slut wife 
was just giving me a blowjob.  Like she does every day.  You know, it was really 
a fabulous idea of yours to turn her into a cum-sucking whore," I stated 
matter-of-factly.  "She's quite good at it, too, you know.  Or maybe you don't."
 
I glanced at Harvey's face for a reaction.  I could see that he knew something 
wasn't right with what I said but he was too transfixed by his wife's rhythmic 
cocksucking action to respond.  I brushed back Sherry's thick black hair to give 
him a better view.  He was treated to the sight of Sherry's wet lips stretched 
tightly around my glistening pole as it slipped back and forth in her mouth.  
Sherry's eyes were closed and she gripped my balls tightly as she pistoned her 
face up and down on my straining meat.  "I'm sure Sherry would thank you, too," 
I said, "except her mouth's a little full of dick right now."
 
There was a loud slurping noise, like the last sip of soda through a straw, as 
Sherry momentarily broke the seal of her lips on my cock and her warm saliva 
cascaded down my shaft and onto my balls.  Now it was Harvey's turn to flinch at 
the coarse sound.  His eyes never left his wife's straining lips and bulging 
cheeks, even as he moaned audibly.  
 
"This is awful." He wailed softly, again, to no one in particular. "This has got 
to stop.  Stop this.  STOP IT!"  He made a half-hearted effort to be forceful 
but I just chuckled at him.  
 
"Oh it's much too late for that," I told him.  "Sherry's my little slut-whore 
now and there's no going back, I'm afraid."
 
I could feel an acrid sexual dynamic perfuming the air, like burning leaves on a 
fall day.  Even while Harvey was in obvious distress at the sight of his wife 
naked and humiliated in front of him, Sherry was obediently maintaining her slow 
and steady pace milking my cock with her hungry mouth.  She was sending a 
message with her very debasement, that Harvey was going to pay for his sins.  
"She's such a good little cocksucker, too." I told him.  "Look at how focused 
she is.  Nothing can tear her away from my cock.  Go ahead, call her name and 
see what happens."  
 
Harvey looked pained but he managed to croak out a small, strangled "Sherry."  
Sherry didn't so much as open her eyes.  
 
"See, I can do this, and she just keeps on sucking." Although not large, 
Sherry's breasts were dangling pendulously due to her position.  I reached 
around her torso with one hand and clamped one of her stiff nipples in my firm 
grasp.  I twisted the hard nub roughly, eliciting a slight whimper from her.  
Then I yanked on her teat, pulling it down and stretching the tender flesh until 
I could almost rub her sensitive point against the rough fabric of the couch.
 
Letting go of her breast, I slid my hand along her back, caressing her soft ass 
and probing for her steaming center.  I felt the heat even before I felt the 
first wispy hairs on her plump pussy.  She was positively dripping.  "Or this," 
I said, sloshing my fingers lazily in her overflowing pussy.  "Or even this." I 
scooped up a load of her juices with my fingers and spread it over her exposed 
asshole.  My fingertips circled the dimpled flesh, feeling every ridge of her 
tight pucker.  
 
Surreptitiously I slid my other hand under her hair and onto the back of her 
neck, so I could control her when I made my next move.  I jammed my long middle 
finger directly into the center of her clenched little aperture, sinking it into 
her ass up to the second knuckle.  Sherry shifted a little bit on the couch, 
adjusting to this new invasion but kept up her steady sucking action.  I wormed 
my finger farther into her rectum until it was sunk to the hilt and I smiled at 
Harvey.  "Isn't that great?  Even with a finger buried up her ass, she doesn't 
miss a beat."
 
I sat back, letting Harvey take in the scene and just enjoying the sensations.  
I established a rhythm: as Sherry bobbed on my shaft, I fucked into her ass with 
my finger on each downstroke, pushing her forward and driving my cock deeper 
into her throat.  
 
"You've come at a very good time." I stated to Harvey.  "I'm just about to fuck 
Sherry's ass for the first time." Harvey's eyes bugged out at that one.  "At 
least, it's the first time for me.  I don't suppose you've ever done her in the 
butt?" I inquired, but based on his reaction I already knew the answer. "Well, I 
guess we're all in for a treat then."
 
"You can't do that.  Stop it right now!" Harvey spluttered, attempting something 
like anger and indignation.  
 
"Of course I can, you stupid toad, and I'm going to enjoy it too.  Let me ask 
you this: what did you think was going to happen when you sent her over to 
settle your debts without any money?  Did you think she could work it off by 
babysitting?  Even you can't be that stupid.  No, of course not.  You were 
turning her out as the neighborhood whore.  But you're a lousy pimp, my friend. 
A wife for a window? Such a deal!
 
"But enough talking already, I've got an anal cherry to pop."  
 
"Wait!" Harvey shrieked, as I started to stand up. "This has gone far enough.  
I'm calling the police."  
 
I stopped, fixed Harvey with my coldest stare, and gave an exasperated sigh.  
"Harvey, Harvey, Harvey," I said, shaking my head. "If that's how you'd like it, 
go ahead.  And while you're doing that, I'll be on the phone too, calling 
Sherry's parents to let them know that you've turned her into a whore for your 
benefit - that she's been sucking a stranger's cock every day for the last week 
because you won't pay your debts.  How does that sound?"  I was glad I still had 
my hand on Sherry's neck, because she tried to protest that one.  I held her 
firmly in place, so that my cock muffled her protestations.  I had a hunch that 
Sherry's parents, aside from being general battleaxes, were probably giving them 
a substantial amount of money and I could see from Harvey's face that he was 
calculating exactly how devastating such a revelation would be.  He slumped back 
in his chair, frozen in mid-tirade, and I knew it was over.  They were both 
mine.
 
"No?  You don't want that?" I asked rhetorically.  "Alright then, we're agreed: 
your wife is an anal whore.  Now, where were we?  Sherry, get up.  You go here, 
over the edge."  I patted the arm of the sofa to show where she was to bend 
over.  She stood up, letting my cock drop with a wet slap against my belly.  
Brushing her hair out of her face, she started to position herself at the end of 
the sofa.  Her face was the most erotic mixture of anxiety, trepidation and 
defiance I've ever seen.
 
I stood up as well and moved behind her.  Harvey and I both had a perfect view 
of Sherry's ass, draped submissively over the arm of the sofa, with her furry 
snatch glistening wetly and peeking out from between her legs.  "That's 
perfect!" I said to no one in particular.  
 
"Sherry, show us where you want me to put my cock.  Go on.  Show me!"  Slowly 
but without hesitation, Sherry reached back and grabbed each of her plump 
asscheeks in one hand and pulled them apart, bringing her wrinkled brown 
sphincter into view.  It was exquisitely obscene, beyond even my wildest 
fantasies.
 
As Harvey and I both stared at Sherry lewdly exposing her tight virgin anus to 
be violated for the first time, I had another fiendish idea.  "Harv - since this 
is Sherry's first assfuck, we might need to do a little preparation first, so it 
doesn't hurt too much.  Think you can handle it?"
 
Harvey looked stunned.  "What?" he asked incredulously.  "What do you mean, what 
do you want me to do?"
 
"I don't know.  It's up to you, but if it were me, I'd probably get it nice and 
wet, so my cock slides right in."  
 
"You mean lick it?!? I can't do that!" He protested lamely.
 
I gave another sigh.  "Of course you can," I admonished.  "But it's up to you.  
If you don't care how painful it is for her, then skip it."  Harvey's eyes were 
wide and panicked, as he futilely searched for a way out.  I gave him a gentle 
push so that he was right behind Sherry's upturned ass and smiled as he slowly 
sank to his knees in front of her exposed asshole.  Hesitantly, he stuck out his 
tongue as far as it would go and cautiously touched the tip of it to her taut 
asscheek, as if it might explode on contact.
 
"That's not going to do much there," I scolded.  "Go on, lick her asshole.  Get 
it nice and sloppy.  Work your tongue up inside and lube it up for me."  He 
shivered involuntarily and started out slowly, cautiously poking her sphincter 
with his wet tongue, but before long he was swabbing her anus as if it were a 
delicious ice cream cone.  Silently, I wondered if it tasted of carrot. 
 
"Much better," I encouraged, as I stripped off my clothes in final preparation 
to mount Sherry's ass.  "You're a fine ass licker."  And just then, I had the 
most fiendish idea yet...
 
"You know Harvey," I said slowly, "There's one more thing that needs to be 
prepared before I can shove it in Sherry's ass.  Come over here and get me 
ready."
 
Harvey froze, with his tongue buried up Sherry's shit pipe.  He lifted his head 
but did not turn to look at me.  "I can't do that.  Please don't make me do 
that," he begged.
 
"Stand up, you sniveling asslicker!" I barked.  "Drop your pants.  Show us what 
you've got in there."
 
Harvey obediently slid down his sweatpants to reveal a pair of white BVDs, 
covering an obvious erection.  "Those too.  Now!"  Harvey dropped trou and out 
popped his stiff prick, standing at full salute.  I was delighted to see that, 
although it wasn't tiny, it was noticeably smaller than mine, both in length and 
girth.
 
"Look at that, Sherry." I said casually. "Look how turned on he is by the idea 
of tasting my cock.  I always knew he had faggy tendencies."  I grabbed my stiff 
cock and waggled it in Harvey's direction.  "Come on Harveeeey," I said in my 
most fey voice. "Let's go, time's a wastin'.  I've got places to go and 
sphincters to hoe."  I chuckled at my own bad joke and looked at Harvey, staring 
transfixed at my cock.  "On your knees," I growled, in my sternest voice, 
snapping Harvey out of his trance.  He sank to the floor, looking beaten.
 
I stepped up to him and thrust my pole in his face.  Afraid to touch it with his 
hands, Harvey stuck out his tongue and tried to swipe at my bobbing shaft.  
"That's weak, you pussy! Show your wife how much you love her by lubing up the 
cock that's going to plow her ass for the first time."  
 
Stung by my words, Harvey reached out with one hand and steadied my cock 
daintily with the thumb and forefinger of one hand.  I saw that Sherry had 
twisted her head around to observe the action, still spreading her ass cheeks 
wide with both hands.  Harvey began to lick my cock with long flat strokes of 
his tongue, trying to deliver maximum saliva with minimum contact with my pole.  
But when I saw that the underside of my cock was resting on the surface of his 
tongue, I thrust forward, sliding my pole into his mouth and ending that plan.
 
Harvey didn't pull away and I began thrusting slowly back and forth in his 
mouth, fucking his face as he sat there passively.  I observed that his ears 
were bright red, presumably out of embarrassment.  "Mmm. That's good!" I said in 
mock surprise as Harvey began sucking more actively.  "Your husband's a good 
little cocksucker.  I think he likes it too.  I tell you what Harvey, or should 
I call you `Harriet?' I'll offer you a choice.  Since you like to eat dick so 
much, you can save Sherry's ass, literally, by sucking me off.  If you swallow 
my load, I probably won't be able to fuck Sherry's ass, at least today.  If you 
don't like the deal, it's no problem.  Just say so and I'm ready to ream her ass 
right now."
 
I could see him weighing the distasteful options and I was impressed when he fed 
my cock back into his mouth and started sucking away, although whether he was 
motivated by lust or a bizarre chivalry, I couldn't say.  I had no intention of 
letting him distract me from his wife's virgin asshole, however, so after a few 
seconds of his mouth action I pulled my cock from his mouth, leaving his lips 
pursed in the shape of my shaft and a look of total surprise and humiliation on 
his face.  "Time's up," I said gaily. "Time for the main event!"
 
Part 5
 
I left Harvey on his knees in shock, and stepped up behind Sherry where she lay 
bent over the couch.  She had been twisted around, watching her husband 
willingly suck cock like a one-legged whore, but when she saw me move into 
position with my hard cock in hand, she closed her eyes and turned away, 
gritting her teeth in preparation for the impending assault on her anus.  She 
was still holding her asscheeks spread wide, so I slapped my shaft against her 
puckered hole, causing her to jump in surprise and knocking some of Harvey's 
saliva into her asscrack.  I rammed my hand underneath her body, sliding my 
thumb into her steaming twat and sliding my hand forward until I pinched her 
swollen clit between two fingers.  At the same time, I used the thumb of my 
other hand to spread the saliva around her tightly clenched sphincter.
 
I had a moment of doubt about the task at hand.  Her asshole seemed impossibly 
tight and I momentarily considered what my fall-back plan should be if I could 
not fit my cock inside.  However, as I massaged the bumpy surface, her anus 
began to relax little by little, drawing my thumb in deeper with each stroke, 
until soon it was fully ensconced in her backside.  It was show time.
 
I withdrew my thumb from her tight cavity and grabbed my cock, moving it into 
position like a general bringing his artillery corps into battle.  I paused to 
prolong the tension.  It was perfectly silent, like someone had just put us on 
"pause."  I moved forward until the tip of my howitzer was just brushing the 
wisp of hair around her sex.  I looked over at Harvey.  He was staring 
slack-jawed at the spot where my cock disappeared between his wife's legs.  I 
almost laughed.
 
To throw them both a curveball and because I needed some more lubrication, I 
slid my shaft through her wet furrow and into Sherry's steaming cunt.  She let 
out a sound somewhere between a whimper and a sigh.  With a few strokes to coat 
myself in her juices, I pulled out and placed the head of my cock at the 
entrance to her dark hole.
 
I changed my position to improve the angle of my penetration and began to bear 
down.  Sherry squirmed but there was nowhere for her to go - she was pinned 
between my cock and the arm of the couch.  For a moment it was a stand off.  Her 
rubbery pucker strained, bent, but did not give way under the force of my blunt 
assault.  I continued to apply pressure however, and suddenly her sphincter 
parted and the crown of my cock popped into her anus.  I truly felt like a king 
as I savored the tight grasp of her most private orifice.
 
I pressed forward and the three of us groaned simultaneously as my cock slid 
into her rectum for the first time, although each for very different reasons.  I 
felt an incredible rush of adrenaline as I watched my shaft steadily disappear 
into her backside until I was fully sheathed inside her colon.  Sherry gave one 
long, low, keening wail as her back passage opened to accept me into her depths 
and I continued my steady thrusting.  Harvey looked stricken.  His eyes were 
glassy and I thought he might faint.
 
I set up a steady rhythm, pounding her asshole like a well-oiled pile driver.  I 
thrilled at the sight of the undulating waves of assflesh produced as my hips 
slammed repeatedly into her rump.  Sherry was still using both hands to spread 
her cheeks wide for my benefit, but she was tilting her pelvis back and forth, 
apparently in an effort to grind her clit into the upholstery.  She lay face 
down on the seat of the sofa with her head turned to the side, giving me a 
perfect view of her tightly closed eyes and gaping mouth.  I watched as a 
sequence of tiny vibrations began to take over her body until she was consumed 
by a series of giant, wracking spasms.
 
I could feel my own orgasm approaching rapidly.  I wanted to hold it off and 
prolong this incredible feeling, but I was unable to pull myself "out of the 
moment."  It was simply too exciting: taking Sherry's anal virginity while 
Harvey looked on helplessly, ruthlessly plundering her ass until she orgasmed 
with her asshole skewered on my driving shaft in front of her uptight loser of a 
husband.
 
Sherry was gripped by another round of tremors as I continued to pound away at 
her ravaged asshole. "That's right!" I hissed.  "Again!"  I watched a drop of my 
sweat fall and spatter on her back, just above where my hands were sunk into her 
hips.  That and the seemingly constant spasming of her clenching sphincter set 
me off and I erupted with a roar, pouring my seed into her ruined rectum.
 
Now it was my turn to be consumed with tremors as I filled her ass with great 
pulsing surges of my semen.  I erupted again and again, and the exquisite 
tightness of her clutching bowels eased slightly as her back passage filled with 
my lubricating paste.  I thrust into her a few more times and then fell forward 
in one final climactic lunge, sinking my shaft as deep into her intestines as it 
would go, determined to shoot my spunk directly into her stomach if possible.
 
I lay across Sherry's back, regaining my breath and senses, and could feel 
Sherry beneath me heaving gently as she went through the same process.  I 
remembered the other player in our drama and looked over at Harvey.  He was 
slumped in a chair, staring at us with the same vacant look as before, only now 
he had his swollen cock gripped firmly in his fist.  He didn't appear to be 
stroking it, but from the looks of the pre-cum weeping profusely from the tip, 
he wasn't far off.
 
Slowly, I peeled myself off of Sherry's back and began to extricate my shaft 
gradually from her anus.  I was still hard but deflating rapidly as I withdrew 
from her ass and was greeted by the sight of her cavernous hole gaping at me 
like a secret passage to her soul.  A drop of my slop drooled wetly from her 
yawning maw and fell on the floor, only to be joined rapidly by a succession of 
even larger blobs pushed out by her spasming rectum.  This was the most 
deliciously obscene scene I could possibly imagine and I had a visceral sense of 
euphoria wash over me as I watched her anus gulping for air like a fish on the 
deck.
 
Apparently Harvey had a similar reaction as he let out a strangled moan and 
began to spurt his cock sauce onto the carpet without a single stroke on his 
shaft.  I watched Sherry take in the scene and was fascinated by the look on her 
face as she saw her husband climax at the sight of her anal despoliation.
 
I grabbed a pillow from the couch and used it to wipe the santorum from my cock, 
leaving a greasy brown smear on the cream-colored fabric, and stumbled off to 
the kitchen.  Sherry and Harvey lay sprawled behind; Sherry face down across the 
arm of the couch and Harvey slumped heavily in the chair.  Neither one looked at 
me or at each other.  I was sweating profusely from my exertions and I gulped 
water directly from the faucet to cool down.
 
"I don't know about you guys," I shouted from the kitchen, "but I'm hungry.  Hey 
Harvey, do you like carrots?"
 
- END CHAPTER 2 -


Author's Note:
 
Thanks for reading and please let me know how I did.  Comments and feedback
of all sorts will be much appreciated.  
Send feedback to anawfulcad(at)gmail(dot)com.

Alternatively, cut and paste this link in your browser to be taken to an
anonymous feedback form: 
http://www1.asstr.org/cgi-bin/ah_feedback.cgi?id=TTGCWNVYZDOQVETAQLXY


Find Chapter 1 of Reversal of Fortune, and more stories by An Awful Cad at
http://www1.asstr.org/~An_Awful_Cad/ 

