Right through the night and into the next day the family comes together to meet and welcome Vespera as she took her rightful place amongst you. It is an impromptu party of the best kind. The whole group of you eventually make your way to the living room to talk and connect. Christmas was the last time the family had all sat in the same room like this just to socialize and make merry and bask in family togetherness. Food and drink is brought out and the lot of you have a grand time, touching base not just with Vespera but each with the other as well. Even your father, who hovered at the periphery, cracked a rare smile watching his family come together like this. Needless to say Mom was over the moon. It was wonderful!
You were beaten and battered and wrung out physically and emotionally yet you couldn't remember ever feeling better. You felt as proud as a brother could feel, as proud as any parent, as you sat by her side and translated for your twin. Simply her presence among you gave you a warm peaceful full feeling that was impossible to describe or deny. You avoid giving details of the incestuous act that brought Vespera through and united your souls but a few of the looks you get made you think that a couple of them suspected.
The conversations with your twin aren't intricate as her communication with you consisted of broad feelings and concepts along with echoed voices from the past, but it was enough for now. There was, of course, a tension given the actions of the past but tonight was a night for celebration and mending. Your mother and Trixie adored Vespera and barely left her side. Your mom just happy to have her wayward child in her arms once more. Lucian was still a bit afraid of her but does his best to welcome her. Grandma is openly curious about her and some of her questions more probing than the others, but she keeps them respectful. There would be plenty of time for those types of questions later. She is upbeat but there is regret there too and you get the sense that your Grandmother had been a factor in the family banishing Vespera to the other place. Bronwyn keeps a safe distance, only saying a few cordial welcomes to her before staying back to visit the others, though he watches your constantly writhing twin closely. Devany was genuinely happy and greets Vespera with the grace and charm you would expect of her though stays close to your father most of the night, the pair of them often engaged in a hushed side conversation of their own. Ciara was busy preparing and serving but takes the time to introduce herself to the new "Mistress".
A few times during the night it is mentioned that your eyes look different and when you take the time to find a mirror you discover that they were indeed changed. The brown iris was now deeper near the middle and within the blacks of your pupils very faint, very tiny flecks would reflect back if the light hit your eyes just right. The similarity to Vespera's inner stars was unmistakable. You had brought your twin through to your world with your connection, in doing so you had changed her so that her inky black skin now showed some semblance of earthly texture when exposed to illumination. Yet she had changed you too, though to what extent you weren't sure. Outside of the soul satisfying link you felt with her and your slightly modified eyes everything else felt and looked the as they should given your condition.
In the wee hours just before dawn the older folk turn in and the Devlin kids decide to take their new sister for a brief tour of the main areas of the manor. You are moving slow, you hurt in ways you didn't think possible, and god damn were you tired but with Devany's support you are able to join the group. Despite her size and many limbs Vespera glides through the house with impressive ease, quickly learning to use the floor, ceiling and bare patches of walls to support her and only knocking a few things over with a stray tentacle now and then. Bron trails behind and Trixie and Lucian lead the way with Trix nattering a mile a minute about the interesting facts of each room or just going off on some tangent. You smile as you watch her excitedly show Ves around. You had been trying to think of a way to approach Trixie about maybe giving up her room for your twin but to your surprise Vespera had different ideas.
As the six of you climb the stairs into one of the dimly lit dusty attics that the family only used as a storage room your twin takes an immediate liking to it. Her white face peers around at the odd angles and sloped ceiling of the space. She reaches out and touches the dusty furniture covers and boxes. At one point she turns suddenly to her right and zips right up to inspect a spiderweb from mere inches away. As the spider moves across its web Ves looks back to you then back at the arachnid with that same fascination you had seen in her back in the forest. Human built structures and artifacts seemed to have little interest for her, but the patterns and creatures of the natural world brought out in her a pure childlike joy.
 _"Beautiful."_
You smile. "Yes it is Ves." Looking to the others you say. "She says it's beautiful."
"Awww." Trixie beams.
Ves then looks to you. _"Stay...Rest."_
"You...want to stay here?" You ask her, though you somehow already knew her answer. "Are you sure? We can find you a much nicer room."
She looks back at the spider. _"Stay."_
"Well, I can't see why not." You look to the others who just shrug and nod their heads. "Sure, this can be your room if you want."
"A creature in the attic." Bron chuckles. "Now our creepy mansion is complete."
"She's not a creature!" Trix scolds him.
Vespera reaches out and wraps a tentacle around you. Devany smiles and steps away, handing you over to your twin. Ves turns to you and bring you in close...then kisses you, deeply and with force, her 5 mouth filling tongue tentacles and all. The others fall quiet and stare at you not quite sure of what to make of this.
 _"Together."_ Ves says.
Once the kiss parts, and her tendrils retract back out through your lips, you look to the others. "Hey, um, can we be alone for a bit?"
Trying to hide a grin Devany puts her arm around Luci. "It's about my bedtime anyways. Good night Jacob. Good night Vespera, it was a pleasure to finally really meet you. Come on Luci, I'll tuck you in."
"Good night." Lucian says with a nod of his pink haired head, then the pair of them head back down the stairs.
"Night!" Bron grunts then follows close behind.
Trixie rushes up, her two arms reforming into 4 tentacles as she goes, and gives you and Ves a big wriggly purple hug. The pair you return the affection.
"I am so happy you're home Vespy." Trix says. "You've made us all so happy." She plants a big old smooch on Ves' pale face. "And if you need me to do anything for you, anything at all, feel free to ask. I don't mind skipping school or..."
"Trix!" You balk through your laughter. "Get to bed! And you better not be skipping anymore school!"
She gives you a flirtatious wink. "Well...there is one way to get me there for sure big brother." You knew she meant using her gift to you.
You tickle her then smack her jelly bottom. "Get outta here you!"
She titters, gives you each another big smooch, then makes her way downstairs. You hear the door click shut below.
You look to your twin. "How are you doing Vespera?"
She gently strokes your face and your neck. _"Rest."_
You stroke her face back, feeling the tickle of her facial skin across your fingertips. "You need to rest? It wasn't easy coming through, was it?"
 _"Rest."_ She says. _"Love."_
"I love you too sister."
Leaning in she puts the side of her head against your chest, once more listening to your heartbeat. _"Happy."_
You kiss the writhing tendrils of her hair, they lick and caress you as you do so. "Me too." You let out a joyful sigh. "Ohhh Ves, I have so much to show you. So much to teach you." You kiss her again. "But rest. Rest my sister."
She glides up and kisses you once more in that strange way of hers.
As you part she carefully guides you back a few steps. "I can go get some blankets and..." As you start to say that you could join her up here your sister begins wrapping her tentacles into her self and around herself. Within moments they have curled around her in a huge cocoon like egg shaped mass. The last glimpse you get of her face you can see it fading in brightness then it is obscured. The tentacles wrap into a tight oblong ball...then for the first time go perfectly still.
In your heart you feel her presence quiet. She is still there inside of you, the feeling just as strong but placid.
You reach out and place your hand upon her unmoving shape. "Vespera?"
She does not answer. Your sister is at rest. Not a simple sleep but a prolonged dormancy or hibernation. Perhaps a period of adjustment as she adapts to her new environment. Whatever it was you had a strong sense that it would be some time before you saw her hauntingly beautiful face again. You would miss her and yet...she was still there in deep your heart. Your twin spirits united the pair of you could never truly be parted.
Opening your arms wide you hug the egg shaped solid mass and lay your head against it. "Sleep well my love."