It’s moonfall bright on the land, the air a tangle of color-scents so strong they're almost bewildering. No citybusygreyscent for long runs round, everything full of greens and blues and deeper, more envigorating reds and oranges. Heavy, loamy brown of earth. Violets. Ambers.

It is Forest here, and Meadow. It is Mountain in the distance, rising high over Valley. There are longleggedrunners and treeflitters and skycriers everywhere, and it makes Geri’s skin twitch with the urge to run and hunt.

Instead, he sinks down lower against the ground with a sudden tumbling in his stomach and whines. It’s beautiful, but he shouldn’t be here. He knows he shouldn’t be here. He should be back at the cabin, waiting patiently for Deanmemine to wake.

The earth is cool against the pads of his feet, wet with dew, and something in the sensation reminds him that Deanmemine doesn’t approve of this either. Deanmemine covers up his skin as though it’s something to be shamed of, unless it’s time to mate.

Ooo, mating. Maybe …

There’s a rustle from the brush in front of him, and Geri tenses until the wind brings him a familiar scent. Then he’s up and bounding forward so that he can tumble into Sammymate with a playful yip.

The careful control in Sammymate’s response—cuff around the ears that doesn’t really hurt, brief swipe of tongue on cheek—tells Geri that this isn’t Sammymate at all, but Garfieldmate, shining with energy and alertness beneath the moon. He carries the scent of other places on him—further out, deeper into the valley, and Geri is filled with a wistful longing for the freedom to explore.

Guilt follows, snapping on the heels of that longing like a half-starved, hunger-crazed hound. It is not Deanmemine’s fault he is damaged, after all. Geri can wait for his turn until Deanmemine is healed. He can be patient and stay and—

Geri scrambles back, off of Garfieldmate with a snap of comprehension. Where he is. The depth of his betrayal.

He means to be good, he does, but when he woke and found Sammymate gone from the cabin and Deanmemine still slumbering deep at the bottom of his mind, he just …

He didn’t want to be alone.

Deanmemine is going to be angry. He is going to reek of that ugly, wrathful-hurt scent, the one that’s the color of old blood. And then there will be shame, and revulsion, and flickers of things Geri only half understands—bad things from the bad place, where the red bees stung or the blue sleep smothered, and there was no peace between.

Slinking low to the ground, Geri begins to creep back the way he came.

“Stay,” Garfieldmate urges from behind him.

“Can’t," Geri replies on a whine. "Deanmemine—”

“That body is yours as well.”

But Geri knows better. He understands that neither of them own this body they share. It belongs to the memories, and the hurt—and in the moments when the past is quieted to nothing more than shadows on the wind, then it belongs to Sammymate.

“Won’t hurt Deanmemine,” he maintains. “Back to cabinden. Sleep.”

He starts forward only to stop as Garfieldmate darts in front of him, blocking the way. There’s no threat in his mate’s expression, only compassion, but that’s enough to root Geri to the spot. He drops his eyes, not sure how to show submission in this body that he isn’t used to controlling, and Garfieldmate pads closer.

“Come with me. Let me show you a thing.”

Geri knows he should insist on going back, but he can still smell those distant, unseen places on Garfieldmate's skin, and instead he whispers, “What thing?”

“A sacred place.”

Geri perks up at that—he’s seen such things before, has felt them in his not-skin. They prickle with light and heat, like a beam of sunlight in midwinter. Soothing. Warming.

And some sacred places heal.

Maybe … maybe Garfieldmate’s place can heal the hurt in Deanmemine. Maybe it can soften the harsh, grating thoughts that Geri doesn’t understand, but which leave his fur ruffled and a bad, growling taste on his tongue.

The path Garfieldmate leads him down isn’t really a path at all—or at least that’s what Geri thinks until he crouches in the midst of a thicket to get a better sniff of the ground. Then he smells it—layer upon layer of longleggedrunner-scent. He’s up and bounding eagerly forward instantly, only to crash into Garfieldmate’s front.

When he looks up sheepishly, Garfieldmate is smiling at him in a way that makes Geri want to wag his tail and offer some affectionate licks. He doesn’t have a tail at present—how Deanmemine gets along without one, he doesn’t know—but he can and does lean in close and lick at Garfieldmate’s jaw and mouth before trying one of Deanmemine’s kisses.

Garfieldmate laughs, kisses him back, adds a quick lick of his own, and then says, “No deer here, little runner. Not for long years.”

“No hunt?” Geri asks plaintively.

“Not this night. Some other.”

But Garfieldmate’s words remind Geri that he shouldn’t be here at all (shouldn’t be using Deanmemine’s body), and for a moment he feels no better than the fuckingbastardsshitheads who wounded Deanmemine deep inside where he can’t seem to heal. He shrinks back, meaning to dash back to the cabin where he belongs, and Garfieldmate catches his wrist.

“Come. Just a small way further.”

Geri remembers where they’re going then—the sacred place, the healing place—and he allows Garfieldmate to guide him through another thicket, and up a slight hill to the edge of a steep enbankment. They stop there, high over a sloping valley—forest on one side, a small river and plains on the other, and Geri tilts his head back, scenting the colors brought to him on the night air.

He can smell brownearthburrower and nightsoarer and leatherbird. He can smell ash and oak and pine. He can smell flowers, and the rich, life-giving loam, and the solid bones of the ground—rock he’s standing on now with Garfieldmate at his side. He smells the moon, heavy and full. The snapping, cool clarity of the stars.

But there is no hint of that warm spark that he associates with sacred places.

“Garfieldmate lie?” he whuffs, confused and hurt.

Garfieldmate’s face twitches with annoyance before smoothing out again. He steps close, silently urging Geri to sit with him in their high vantage point, and then places his arms around Geri in something Geri recognizes as one of the snuggleclosewarms that Sammymate is always offering Deanmemine. Deanmemine complains about them, but Geri knows he never means his words, and Geri himself loves the way it always makes their shared chest feel almost whole again.

Without Deanmemine's limping, wounded thoughts, this feels even better, and Geri arches his body back into his mate, bumping Garfieldmate's jaw with the top of his head. That gets him a reassuring nuzzle in return before Garfieldmate says, “No. There are no lies between mates. This place may not be sacred in the way you know, but it is sacred nonetheless. There is a power in this land, if we wake it.”

Geri tries to see the slumbering sacred energy, first squinting and then looking with eyes opened wide, and Garfieldmate chuckles.

“You cannot see with your eyes, little runner. You must listen here.” His hand presses to Geri’s chest, fingers splayed wide. “Scent with your heart.”

“Heart can’t smell,” Geri insists, but Garfieldmate only laughs again, softly, and noses his ear.

“Listen,” he whispers. “Hear what might be. Feel the warm fire on a winter’s night. Hear your mate’s joyous purr, the bark of a cub. Taste the fresh kill on the dry ground. Scent the trails laid down, thick and twined. Hear you, little runner? See you?”

Geri does, he thinks. It's confusing, but ...

Cocking his head, he offers, “Not be far-roamers? Make den with Sammymate and Deanmemine?”

“And others,” Garfieldmate agrees. “New allies taken in a time of war might become pack if offered the chance.”

Geri likes the sound of that even better than the rest of Garfieldmate’s suggestion. Deanmemine has been alone too long. Sammymate and Garfieldmate are good for him, and Geri does his best to fill up the empty space left over, but Deanmemine needs more than just the three of them. He needs cubs to remind him to smile more often, and packmates to warm his chest with companionship.

Deanmemine was never meant for the solitary life they’ve been living, and Geri doesn't much like it either.

“The places we claim with our hearts can become sacred if we will it,” Garfieldmate says, and those are words Geri can smell the truth of on the air.

This place Garfieldmate speaks of—the place with the pack, the den—it has a magic of its own. A healing touch.

“Bring pack now,” he demands. He isn’t quite sure how to do that himself, but Garfieldmate is wise. He will know the way.

But Garfieldmate only laughs, biting teasingly at the corner of Geri’s jaw. “We must build first: a house as well as allegiances. But I have been searching and this place … this place is unclaimed and clean. There are no old ghosts lying uneasily beneath the soil, no blood on the grass. We can rest easily here. We can wake the earth.”

Tipping his head back, Geri feels his lips stretch wide into a grin as he scents the clean night air and imagines everything that Garfieldmate is promising. They could live here, the four of them. They can make a den, build a pack. This can be their place, the place that can finally fill that empty spot in Deanmemine's heart. A place Deanmemine thinks of as home.

This place may not be sacred yet, but they can make it so.

“Will make den," Geri decides. "Wake earth. Heal Deanmemine."

Garfieldmate kisses him gently, with a tenderness that Geri is used to finding in Sammymate. When Geri twists his head around to look, though, he sees no trace of his human mate in the peaceful golden eyes looking back at him.

“Not just him, little runner. This will heal us all.”