Commander Spock let out a little puff of air in exasperation. "No. I repeat: 'who' is used for a grammatical subject, where a nominative pronoun such as I or he would be appropriate. 'Whom' is used as the object of a verb or preposition."

Doctor McCoy, who was frowning at nothing in particular, considered this explanation for a moment and then replied, "Say what?"

"He said you should drink more," said Captain Kirk.

"Oh." McCoy reached for his tumbler of bourbon and took a swig from it. He swallowed and said, "I'm a doctor, not an English professor."

"Doctor, if you would learn your own language properly, I wouldn't need to correct you," said Spock.

McCoy eyed him sidelong. "This is a side of you nobody likes, you know."

A snort of appreciation at the statement came from the fourth man at the table. Kirk, McCoy and Spock turned their heads in unison to look at Scotty, who had his nose buried in the PADD he had brought with him to the mess hall.

"Hey," said Kirk, reaching over to jab him in the arm. "Hey! What is wrong with everybody today? You're still working, this one over here's giving English lessons."

"My work is important to me," said Scotty distractedly, not looking up. "'S why you love me."

"Yeah," said Kirk. "It's also why I bust your balls so much. I dragged you here to unwind a bit."

"You dragged me here before I was finished what I was doing, didn't ya? You interrupt me, distract me, and then later on you expect the bleeding impossible from me! It's abuse, is what that is."

"Can't you have one of your people take care of that? – Oh, hey, here's one of your people now."

"What?" Scotty finally looked up, twisted around in his chair and saw Ensign Chekov practically bounding toward them, all bright-eyed and smiley.

"What's that you got there, Scotty, numbers?" asked Kirk, trying to see what was on the PADD's screen. "Let the kid do it. He likes numbers." He tried to take the PADD away, but Scotty yanked it out of his grasp with a frown.

"Captain," said Chekov when he'd reached their table. "Doctor, Commander, Commander." He nodded at each one of them in turn. They each nodded back, except Scotty who was frowning at his PADD again.

"What can we do for you, Ensign?" asked Kirk.

"I wanted to ask Commander Scott something, actually." Chekov was practically bouncing on the balls of his feet before the chief engineer.

"What now?" asked Scotty, looking up.

"I am sorry to bother you, sir. It is about the warp field experiment. There are a few details that need to be looked over."

"Oh," said Scotty, again distracted. He licked his lips. "Well, I'm working on some things for that right now, actually." He held up his PADD. "The rest of it can wait. We can do it tomorrow with everyone else."

"Oh, okay," said Chekov, his gaze losing its hopeful light and falling from Scotty's face. "Yes. Of course. Sorry again to bother you, sir."

"No problem." At that, Scotty turned away and went back to tapping buttons. Chekov nodded at the others, turned and left the mess hall.

Kirk looked at Scotty in disbelief. "What the fuck is wrong with you?"

Scotty looked up again, his mouth hanging open slightly. "What? We don't need to go over the details today. Besides, he can get anybody else on the team to help him with that."

Kirk pointed at the door through which Chekov had just exited. "That kid wants to ride you."

McCoy choked on his bourbon, spluttered and began coughing.

"Captain!" said Scotty in shock. "He... I... What... Seventeen!"

McCoy regained his composure and snapped, "Dammit, Jim!"

"What?" asked Kirk innocently. "I can't be the only one to have noticed it, can I?"

"Well, if we're talking about things you make up in that diseased brain of yours, then yes, I'd say you'd be the only one to have noticed it!" said McCoy.

"No," said Spock calmly. "He was not the only one."

"Ah, not you too?" said Scotty to the Vulcan. "Aren't you supposed to be the sensible one?"

"I am being perfectly sensible, Mr. Scott. Ensign Chekov displayed several physical characteristics that effectively gave him away. He focused his attention solely on you, for one thing."

"He came to ask me something. Where was he supposed to be looking?"

"I am not finished with my assessment. I also observed his pupils dilating and his skin flushing when you made eye contact."

"How the hell could you possibly see all of that?"

"See?" said McCoy, jerking his thumb at Spock. "And you all wonder why it freaks me out when he stares at me."

Spock only raised an eyebrow at him. McCoy raised one of his own right back.

"Now, how do you know he wasn't reacting to someone else in the room?" asked Scotty.

"Ensign Chekov’s focus was obvious," Spock said simply.

"Well, this is all fascinating," said Scotty, "but none of it matters because I like women. With breasts and everything. Women who are of age."

"He's of age," said Kirk, "on some planet someplace."

"Besides, Mr. Scott," said Spock, "You might dismiss Ensign Chekov because he is male, but your body reacts to him in much the same way that his reacts to you. And it appears to be without your knowledge. Fascinating."

"Oh, I'm gonna need another drink for this," said McCoy, and he stood up and walked away.

"I beg your bloody, bleeding, sodding pardon, sir?" said Scotty incredulously.

Kirk was positively beaming. "I misjudged you, Spock. You are highly entertaining."

"Indeed," said Spock flatly. "Denial is a very unhealthy state of being, Mr. Scott. What I witnessed is undeniable."

"Well, aren't we the daft bugger tonight?" said Scotty.

"Hardly. Your skin flushed, your pupils dilated, and if I'm not mistaken your mouth went dry, did it not?"

"Unbelievable," said Kirk, resting an elbow on the table and his chin on his palm, staring at Spock with new-found respect.

"What'd I miss?" asked McCoy as he returned with a freshly-replicated tumbler of bourbon. "Did Pointy Ears explain himself?"

"He did," said Kirk with a nod, a knowing smile and a gleam in his eyes.

"And the verdict?"

"Scotty's got the hot pants for our little Russian friend."

"I most certainly do not!" Scotty protested. "You take that back!"

"It really is nothing to be ashamed of," said Spock. "Even a heterosexual male such as... yourself," Spock cleared his throat and Scotty narrowed his eyes at him, "should be able to appreciate beauty in an attractive male."

"Yeah, but appreciatin' ain't what he's talkin' about!" said Scotty, jerking his thumb at Kirk.

"Hey, what I'm talking about is a type of appreciation," said Kirk.

"If the pheromones are a match, there isn't much humans can do to counteract them," said Spock. "There are certain individuals with whom," he glanced deliberately at McCoy as he said this, "certain other individuals just, as they say, click."

"See?" said Kirk enthusiastically, holding up his hands as though in surrender. "It's a losing battle, Scotty. I'm afraid you're going to have to fuck him."

Scotty glared at the captain and then leaned forward, toward Spock, who was sitting opposite him, and said in almost a whisper, "But he's a guy."

"Indeed," said Spock in a slow, deliberate way as though speaking to someone much less intelligent than himself. "Your point, Mr. Scott?"

"My point? He's a guy!"

"Yes, but he's a very pretty guy," said Kirk. They all looked at him. He shrugged. "What? He is. Right place, right time, I'd probably do him."

"Good god, man," muttered McCoy.

"Oh, like you can't appreciate beauty in a man," said Kirk.

"It's not that. And the fact that you'd defile the boy isn't the issue, either; we all know you're a horn dog."

Kirk grinned from ear to ear.

"It's his age!" McCoy went on. "He's –"

"Seventeen!" said Scotty in something like a squeak.

"There is nothing wrong with finding Ensign Chekov attractive," said Spock. "Frankly, it's illogical and futile to feel guilty about chemical reactions, as there is nothing you can do about them."

"Listen to him, people," said Kirk. "The man is bestowing The Wisdom upon us now, folks."

"I wasn't finished. However, it would be wrong to act on those chemical reactions because a) Ensign Chekov is your subordinate and b) he is very young and possibly cannot accurately predict the consequences of his actions. You, however, can. To be with him would be to take advantage and –"

"Okay, that's enough," said Kirk with a wave of his hand. "You've stopped being fun again."

"Finally!" said Scotty, throwing up his hands. "Someone's talking sense! Yes, it would be very wrong!"

"If I may ask," said McCoy, "and if it's none of my business, feel free to tell me to shut the fuck up, but when was the last time you got laid, Scotty?"

"Oh, I don't know," Scotty grumbled, looking back down at his PADD.

"If you don't know, it's been too long," said Kirk. "The kid wants you. Do the kid."

"No," said Spock. "Do not 'do' the kid."

Scotty looked from Kirk to Spock, and then turned his eyes toward McCoy. "What, don't you have a couple o' cents to throw in here?"

McCoy shook his head. "It's none of my business... but if you want to know for sure what's going through the kid's head, you might want to make yourself available to him."

"Yes!" said Kirk. "Yes, exactly! Make yourself very, very available!"

"Not that kind of available, you pervert," McCoy growled. "My kind of available doesn't involve bodily fluids. What I meant was, if the kid wants to go over some experiment details with you – with you specifically, when he can get anyone else to do it – well, then..." McCoy shrugged and then downed his drink.

"Ah," said Kirk, nodding. "Offer yourself up and see what he does. I like it."

"I'm not offering myself up!" snapped Scotty. "I'm not a slab of meat, for Christ sakes!" He stood, pointed at the captain and said, "You're a sick bastard... sir. And you two," he said, looking at Spock and McCoy, "I expected more from both o' ya's." At that, Scotty spun around, stalked off.

"Where are you going?" called Kirk.

"I have to... recalibrate... something, I don't know!" Scotty called back just before exiting the mess hall.

Kirk shook his head. "There, but for the grace of God and a damn pretty face, go I."

* * *
It was ridiculous. It was preposterous! Chekov was practically a child! No, Scotty wasn't even going to entertain the idea. Even if he hadn't been able to stop thinking about it ever since it had been brought up yesterday.

It was very difficult to ignore the way Chekov's eyes seemed to twinkle, the way he smiled, the way he bounded toward the Scotty whenever they found themselves in the same room together. He was like a puppy, this one; all excited and eager and go, go, go!

And he was quick; he picked things up as easily as if he'd been doing this job for twenty years. With the ensign's help, preparations for the warp field experiment went by in the blink of an eye. And when they were finished, when all the other officers had dispersed, thankful to be finished, there was Chekov, still at work, his fingers tapping incessantly away at the buttons of a console.

Scotty stopped what he was doing and watched him for a moment. He was terribly pretty, Scotty couldn't deny it. His creamy cheeks always seemed to hold just the barest hint of a blush. His pink mouth hung open slightly as he concentrated, his bottom lip pouting a bit. He was the epitome of youth and, to Scotty's dismay, quite nice to look at. The head full of blondish curls didn't help matters. Scotty had noticed more than a few of the other officers eying the kid appreciatively, and he had a sneaking suspicion that it wasn't just because Chekov was impressively smart for his age. The younger women couldn't help but flirt; the older women didn't know if they wanted to flirt with him or adopt him; the men were even more confused than the older women. Scotty had no idea who might or might not swing that way, but some of the men had as difficult a time keeping their eyes off the young ensign as anybody else did. Perhaps Spock had a point; chemicals were chemicals, they didn't care about sexual preferences. Youth, innocence and just plain prettiness were universal languages.

Scotty smiled to himself as he wondered how many of those male officers were disconcerted by their apparent interest in Chekov. He couldn't help but snort a little as he tried to stifle a laugh.

"Sir?"

Scotty looked up again and found Chekov watching him. He must've heard Scotty's little snort. And Jesus, he had that look on his face, that look with the slightly raised eyebrows, the wide eyes. It was as though the kid was saying "teach me" without saying anything at all.

Scotty's belly tingled. He quickly lowered his gaze before anything else could begin tingling. "Nothing. Just... something funny I remembered from earlier. Shouldn't you be off someplace getting drunk?" Scotty paused, looked up and frowned, "Shouldn't I be off someplace getting drunk?"

"I like it here," said Chekov, making his way over to Scotty. Scotty had the sudden urge to step back as Chekov approached, but he made himself stay where he was. Something about this kid now, something Scotty hadn't noticed before that ridiculous conversation in the mess hall, felt like fire to Scotty. There was something about Chekov that seemed hot and dangerous, something that wanted to engulf Scotty, consume him. That couldn't always have been the case, could it? But it couldn't have just started either.

"You like it here, do you?" asked Scotty, still not looking at Chekov.

Chekov nodded. "So do you, yes?"

Scotty smiled. "You've noticed."

Chekov nodded again. "You are passionate about this ship."

"Damn right, I am." Scotty finally looked at him again.

"She is like, uh... your baby."

Scotty stared into the eyes, the big eyes that seemed to burn holes in his skull like blue particle beams. They were focused on him with an intensity Scotty hadn't seen Chekov focus on anyone else before, and those infernal eyebrows were quirked upwards, questioning him, begging him.

Was it just him or was Chekov suddenly standing closer than he had been a moment ago?

Scotty gulped and looked away. "Yes. She is. I know it sounds daft."

"No." Chekov shook his head, making the curls that spilled down onto his forehead shake. "No, it does not." He touched his own chest and nodded. "I understand."

Scotty hazarded another glance at him. "You do, do you?"

Chekov nodded again and this time his face broke into a huge grin. "Yes. Come, I show you." Chekov turned and walked away. Scotty blinked at him in confusion.

"Come, you show me?" he muttered to himself. He followed Chekov to the stairs that led up to the catwalk. Scotty followed apprehensively. He watched Chekov trot on up the stairs as though gravity didn't exist for him, and when he reached the catwalk, he gazed admiringly up at the warp core, which was pulsing out its steady, comforting, thrumming rhythm. Something in his face, the wonder as he stared at the pulsing lights inside the giant tube, had Scotty riveted. He moved toward Chekov like moth to flame.

Chekov looked at him and positively beamed. "Tell me," he said, "about your ship."

"Tell you? What's that mean?"

"Tell me," Chekov urged. He took a step closer to Scotty, faced him completely and leaned his hip against the railing that protected them from falling down into the warp core. "Tell me about your love."

"Oh," said Scotty, looking up at the glowing core. "Well, uh... when you spend this much time with something, you know, it's hard not to become sort of... affectionate towards it, you know?"

"Yes," said Chekov with a nod. Scotty could feel the teenager's heat, he was standing that close. Scotty gulped and kept on talking.

"I work on her everyday, you know, crawl around inside her, listen to her, hear her, feel her..." He reached out and laid a hand on the giant tube, watched the undulating light pass beneath his fingers. A smile slowly spread across his face and he nodded. "Aye... she's having a good day."

"She is warm to touch."

"Oh, yeah, definitely. But it's not a steady warmth. It sort of... pulses, even when we're not in warp. Like a living thing."

Chekov stepped even closer. Scotty met his eyes and found the lad’s sweet teach-me gaze focused on him in full force. The little tongue slipped out to lick the soft pink lips, making them gleam slightly in the bluish light of the warp core.

"May I?" asked Chekov. "Sir?"

It was a few seconds before Scotty realized he had been asked a question. When his brain finally started up again, he stammered, "Oh, er... yeah. Go ahead." He took his own hand off the tube, cleared his throat and glanced around surreptitiously to see if anyone else was around. The floor below was empty. They were alone. He had no idea if he was okay with that or not.

Chekov laid his hand against the thrumming core and was once again staring at it in wonder. "Yes, I feel it," he said. He looked at Scotty again. "I notice, sometimes, the way you touch. You pet. Like this." He moved his hand as though petting the flank of a horse.

"Oh." Scotty felt his face heat up with an embarrassed blush. He rubbed at the back of his neck. "Noticed that, have ya?"

"Yes," Chekov replied, and good god, his soft little 'yes' sounded like a reply to a question that was much more intimate than what Scotty had asked. "Show me. Show me what you do."

"Ohhh, I dunno 'bout that now. It's kind of... personal."

But the kid was looking at him with those eyes again and Scotty thought his knees were going to give out. He finally agreed just to have something to do besides look at Chekov's face.

"Right, then. Well, it's not anything complicated, really, I just sort of..." He reached out again and laid his hand on the core. He held it there a moment without moving.

"What are you thinking?" asked Chekov.

Scotty closed his eyes, if only to keep himself from looking directly into the burning gaze of the young ensign. "Oh, just that she feels good today. Everything's in working order. And, um, sometimes I'll sort of move my hand around, like you said." He began to do this, sliding his hand in slow circles. "And you can feel the different temperatures in different places if you're really payin' attention. Most don't, of course. Don't think it's important, most of 'em. They're only slight differences, you see, but they're there if you're lookin' for them."

"You can show me?"

Oh, sweet mother of god. Scotty opened his eyes, but didn't look at Chekov just yet. "Well, I'm sure you can feel it on your own if you try."

"I would like to feel what you feel. The way you feel it, sir."

Scotty gulped. "Well... all right, then." He retracted his hand and was surprised when Chekov nudged himself in between him and the railing. Scotty stepped back so his own body wasn't touching the ensign's. Chekov looked expectantly back over his shoulder at Scotty, and Scotty had to immediately avert his eyes from the kid's face. Christ, those eyes...

"Show me," Chekov said, and now his voice was barely above a whisper. Scotty couldn't fight it any longer; he was starting to get hard.

He took hold of Chekov's hand, brought it forward and laid it against the core, his own hand laid gently over top, each of his fingers nestled neatly between each of Chekov's so that he could feel the core's warmth as well. Unfortunately, doing this meant that it was impossible to keep his body completely away from Chekov's. He managed to keep his erection clear of the ensign's ass, but his thigh nudged against one of Chekov's pert little cheeks and his right breast pressed against the back of Chekov's shoulder. Scotty wondered if Chekov could tell he was sweating. He wondered if Chekov could hear his heart pounding.

"Right, so, uh, feel that? The heat's kind of pulsing a bit."

"Yes, Commander." The boy's voice was so soft, not anything like it should've been, not anything like that of an officer who was addressing his superior.

"Uhh..." Scotty said, trying to find his voice, which was threatening to fail him, and trying to ignore the soft, clean smell of Chekov's curls, which were currently right in his face. "So, then I slide my hand around." He began to do this, gently moving Chekov's hand around on the smooth, shiny surface. There was no resistance; Chekov completely gave him control.

"I feel it," whispered Chekov, and Scotty, who could see the boy's profile if he leaned to the side a bit, could see that his eyes were now closed. And unless he was very much mistaken, the weight of the ensign's body against his own had increased. Chekov was leaning back against him ever so slightly.

"The temperature differences," whispered Chekov. "I can feel them."

"Really?"

"Yes, Commander. Right... there." And sure enough Scotty felt their hands pass onto a slightly cooler area just as Chekov said that. "And... right... there." And it happened again, this time onto a warmer area.

"Well, I'll be damned," said Scotty. "You really can feel them."

Chekov looked around at him again, looked right up into his eyes. "I do not lie, Commander. Never."

Scotty felt as though his entire body was quivering with every thunderous heart beat. He licked his lips and said, "Chekov –"

"You will call me Pavel?" Chekov asked, his voice just barely above a whisper, and on the final syllable, his eyebrows quirked upward in the center, and Scotty couldn't stop himself from shuddering.

Scotty pulled away immediately, took his hand off of Chekov's and stepped away. He gripped the safety railing, hunched his shoulders and hung his head.

"Jesus Christ, lad!" he said.

"Have I done something wrong?"

Scotty could just hear the little pout in Chekov's voice. "No, not technically." He sighed, straightened up and forced himself to look at Chekov. "I'm your superior."

Chekov nodded earnestly. "Yes."

"You know that."

"Yes."

"Well... well..." Scotty gestured helplessly. "Well?"

Chekov looked down for a moment and bit his bottom lip (which really didn't help matters for Scotty in the erection department). It was too easy for Scotty's mind to wander, to imagine his own rough hand reaching out and caressing the skin of Chekov's cheek. Chekov looked so uncertain at the moment, Scotty was very tempted to do just that, if only to make him smile again.

Finally, Chekov opened his mouth and said, "Commander Scott, if there were to be someone in this room right now who I found to be... intriguing... would that be... would that be wrong?" And Chekov raised his eyes to meet Scotty's again. Just his eyes; he kept his face mostly lowered, giving him a lost puppy sort of look. Scotty hoped it was dim enough up here that his erection wasn't noticeable.

"If there were someone in this room you found intriguing?"

"Yes. If."

"Well, no, that in and of itself wouldn't be wrong, no."

Chekov nodded at the floor. "And if I were to step a bit closer," which he did just then, taking two steps to almost completely close the gap between them, "would that be wrong?"

Chekov's voice was growing softer and the room was getting smaller and the temperature was rising and Scotty's pants felt too damn tight and Chekov's young body was radiating heat right at him and good GOD it was like standing next to a blazing star.

Scotty gulped. "No," he squeaked. "That wouldn't technically be wrong."

Chekov hesitated but then finally said, "There is a lot I still need to learn, Commander."

Scotty nodded. "And you're a quick study. Everyone's really impressed with you."

"Everyone?"

Ah. He was asking if Scotty, specifically, was impressed with him. Scotty nodded. "Yes. Everyone."

A soft smile touched the young man's lips and his eyes lit up with hopefulness. "Is there someone," he continued cautiously, "who might be interested in teaching me things?"

Scotty gulped again. "Things?"

Chekov nodded and Scotty could've sworn he was breathing harder. Their knees touched and Scotty practically jumped. Undeterred, Chekov moved closer still until they were pressed right up against each other. There was no hiding his erection now, Scotty thought. But he soon realized he wasn't the only one who was sporting one.

"I am very eager to learn," whispered Chekov, and suddenly his boyish teach-me gaze was all hot and smoldering.

Scotty shook his head. "Why me?"

"Well, sir..." Chekov lowered his eyes, suddenly sheepish, and said coyly, "I did not say it was you."

"Oh." Scotty couldn't help but smile. "We're still playing that, are we? Laddie, you do know that your nob is poking me in the spleen right now, don't ya?"

Chekov grinned and it was as though a solar flare had just lit up the entire room. Of course nothing of the kind had happened. Scotty's pupils were simply dilating like mad. If the lighting up here had indeed been better, and not quite so blue, Scotty was sure he would've been able to see the boy's cheeks turning bright pink. A youthful blush; something Scotty was sure he hadn't been responsible for causing for many years.

"What things are you needing to learn?" Scotty asked, though he had an inkling of what the answer was and it wasn't anything pertaining to Engineering.

Chekov bit his pouty lip again. Scotty wished he wouldn't. It was all he could do to keep from leaning in and biting that lip himself.

Chekov shook his head. "I need to know first if this concerns you? If you would be interested."

He wanted some kind of definitive answer to a question he technically hadn't asked yet. Well, they both knew exactly what he was talking about. It was time to stop playing dumb.

"I'm quite a bit older than you, you know."

"Yes. And wiser. And more experienced. And kind. And gentle. And –"

Scotty held up a hand and winced as though the compliments stung. "Okay, okay, stop that. Sheesh, you've got it bad, don't ya? I didn't do anythin' to cause this, did I?"

Chekov shook his head. "Not on purpose, sir."

"Well, good. Because I'd hate to think that anythin' I did made this happen."

"You speak of it as though it is a disease."

Scotty snorted. "A young thing like you lusting after me? Yeah, I'd call that the result of a brain injury at the very least."

Chekov grinned again, and his eyes were so filled with admiration, Scotty wanted to pat his curly head and tell him to snap out of it. Under any other circumstance, Scotty would've enjoyed such attention. But the last thing he wanted was to be responsible for some kid's heart.

"And you are funny," Chekov said.

"Well..." Scotty shrugged bashfully. He then fixed Chekov with a serious gaze. "You could have anyone on this ship. Everybody loves ya."

Now it was Chekov's turn to be bashful. "I am sure that isn't true, Commander. But it is you that I am intrigued by."

Scotty sighed. What to tell the kid now. He didn't want to hurt him. Maybe they could just hang out, maybe Chekov could be happy with just that. He reached out and patted Chekov's arm. "Come. Let's get out of here." He stepped around Chekov and headed for the stairs. Chekov followed him without question.

Scotty had no idea where he was going when they left Engineering, but where they ended up was Jeffries tube GNDN6-A. Chekov must've really trusted him, because he didn't say a word the whole way there. Neither did Scotty. When they had crawled to the very heart of the tube and sat down side-by-side, Scotty finally spoke again.

"Do you know which tube this is?" asked Scotty.

"Yes. GNDN6-A, sir."

"Very good. And do you know why I've brought ya here?"

Chekov shook his head. "No, sir."

"Well, that's a shame. I was hoping you could tell me." Scotty sighed and leaned back against the tube wall.

Chekov shimmied a bit closer. He was sitting on his hip, facing Scotty, with his knees curled up on his side. "You did not want to take me to your quarters."

Scotty looked at him in surprise. "Well, no. I mean... no, of course not. It's not that I don't find ya attractive. It's just that you're so... you're so..."

"Young," Chekov guessed.

"Yeah! That!" Scotty exhaled heavily, puffing out his cheeks. "I know that you want me to... you know... with you, and I'm very, very flattered, but I'm just not that kind of guy. I don't take ensigns back to my quarters."

Chekov nodded. "I understand. You are a good man."

"Well, I try."

"You know, Commander, it would not be bad to be with me. I am not completely inexperienced."

"I see."

"And I want you to be with me. I like you. But I do not want to, uh, how you say push you."

At that, Chekov looked away and glanced serenely around the interior of the tube. Scotty watched him with mild amazement. Scotty had tons more sexual experience than he did, and yet it was Scotty who was freaked out by all this. Chekov couldn't have been calmer.

"I like this particular tube," said Chekov suddenly. "It has nice, uh... I do not know the word for this..." He frowned and gestured as though literally trying to pull an answer out of the air. "Is, uh... when sound is good."

"Acoustics!" Scotty exclaimed, looking at Chekov in surprise. Chekov smiled his sweet, excited little smile at him and Scotty's belly did flips.

"Yes! That is it! Acoustics! Sound is good here."

"You noticed that? I didn't think anyone else knew that."

"Yes, I notice. When I have to come in here to fix things," Chekov gestured at a closed panel on the wall opposite them, "I sing to myself. Little song my mama used to sing to me as a child."

Scotty smiled at Chekov. "You sing to yourself?"

"Yes. I cannot sing, but I sound almost good here in this tube only. And sometimes," he added, glancing down and blushing prettily, "I like to pretend the ship is joining me."

Scotty stared at him with his mouth hanging open. It was as though Chekov somehow had access to his thoughts.

"You hear it, don't you, Commander?" asked Chekov, looking up into Scotty's eyes again. "The hum of the ship. It has rhythm to it."

Scotty nodded. "Yes, I do hear it. All the time."

Chekov grinned again and nodded. "Yes. Sometimes I hear you humming along." Chekov closed his eyes and hummed, "HmmmmMmmmmMmmmmMmmmm..."

Scotty just stared at him. Chekov was humming along with the ship, adding a tiny little lilt to his tone every few seconds, just like the ship did. After a few seconds, Chekov's voice seemed to meld with the ship's hum and Scotty had the disconcerting auditory sensation that Chekov and the ship were one and the same.

"Fucking hell," Scotty whispered. Chekov stopped humming and looked at him quizzically.

"Commander?"

Scotty shook his head. "I'm sorry, I didn't mean to curse, but... ya sound just like her."

Chekov grinned. "The Enterprise?"

"Yeah. You've got the exact pitch and frequency right and everything. It's eerie. In a good way."

Chekov grinned more. "You like?"

Scotty nodded. "Yeah. You noticed that I do that too, have you? That I hum."

"Yes. All the time you hum while you work. I like to listen. You have a nice voice."

Scotty swallowed. His heart was pounding rather harder than normal, he felt uncomfortably warm and the light suddenly seemed a lot brighter again. He looked away and quietly said, "You're a really sweet kid."

Chekov scooted even closer. "Not kid. I am almost eighteen."

Scotty met his eyes again and he must have looked worried, because Chekov then asked, "What is wrong, Commander?"

"I'm a little afraid of what you're making me feel here."

"What I make you feel?"

Chekov's face was once again unnervingly close and their breath was mingling and this kid could hum like the fucking Enterprise and he had the most kissable, petal-pink mouth Scotty had ever seen...

Scotty leaned toward him in jerky, nervous movements, and when their lips met, Scotty was actually a little surprised, so much so that a tiny little whimper escaped him. The kiss was soft and awkward and chaste and brief, and when their lips parted, Scotty looked, wide-eyed, at Chekov while Chekov stared at him with excited wonder in his big, baby's eyes.

"Please tell me that wasn't your first kiss," said Scotty a bit breathlessly. "Because if it was, I'm so sorry I couldn't do better than that."

Chekov smiled broadly, his softly-blushing cheeks dimpling attractively. He shook his head. "No, Commander. Not my first."

"Good."

Chekov's smile softened and then disappeared altogether and he looked at Scotty with a sweet, almost coy look in his eyes. He cuddled up even closer, laid a hand on Scotty's thigh and whispered. "Am I out of line, Commander?"

Scotty gulped and glanced down at that hand for a moment. Chekov clearly was out of line. But Scotty knew Chekov wasn't talking about official protocol. He was asking what Scotty wanted. "No," Scotty finally answered. "You're not out of line."

Chekov nodded and his eyes dropped down to look at Scotty's lips as he leaned in and kissed Scotty again.

This time Chekov licked inside Scotty's mouth, gingerly at first and then going deeper, exploring, tasting. Guilt was still swelling in Scotty's chest, but Scotty's rapidly growing lust was a formidable opponent. Scotty slipped his hands onto Chekov's waist, the small part of his brain that still had blood in it telling him No, don't touch, wrong, wrong, wrong! But then Chekov made a soft, needy little noise and that little bit of blood left Scotty's brain and headed South. Scotty made an answering noise, kissed deeper, pulled Chekov more snugly against himself. And then they went down together. Scotty wasn't sure if it was him pushing Chekov or Chekov pulling him.

Scotty laid on top of Chekov, careful not to put his full weight on him. He pushed his hardness against Chekov's and Chekov pushed right back. Chekov was pulling at his shirt and then finally got his hands up underneath it to caress Scotty skin. Scotty shivered at the touch. He kissed his way down to Chekov's neck, impatiently pulled the black neck of his uniform out of the way and went about kissing the pretty, pale skin underneath. Chekov arched, offering his neck to be sucked and kissed.

"Commander," he moaned. "Oh, Commander."

Fuck. Should Scotty allow Chekov to call him that during... this? He didn't think it was the time to bring it up, not while Chekov was becoming increasingly aroused, breathing faster and harder and moaning more and more, not while Scotty was slowly working his way down Chekov's body, pushing his shirt up to kiss the soft, delicate skin of his belly, dipping his tongue into the naval.

His face was soon level with Chekov's crotch. He hesitated, looked up at Chekov and Chekov looked down at him. The ensign's gaze was dark and hungry. Chekov seemed to know why Scotty had stopped. He gave Scotty a little nod; he wanted Scotty to proceed.

In his lust-dazed state, that was all the confirmation Scotty needed. He made short work of the fastenings of Chekov's pants, pulled down the front of his underwear and revealed his very hard prick. There was no more hesitation. He leaned right down and licked a wet stripe right up the shaft.

Chekov, who'd propped himself up on his elbows to watch, gasped with pleasure. Scotty watched his face while he took Chekov's entire cock into his mouth and began to suck.

Scotty wasn't normally so eager to be with men. There had a been a couple of alcohol-fueled incidents, but Scotty didn't talk about them. What was so different about Chekov? Was it his youth? His sweet, angelic face? His earnestness, his genuine enthusiasm? His intelligence, maybe? A combination, Scotty suspected. Plus, there was all that business Spock had mentioned about chemistry. As Scotty took all of Chekov into his mouth, all the way to back of his throat, his nose dipped close to the soft bed of curls at Chekov's crotch. Scotty inhaled and his eyelids fluttered involuntarily. If he'd been standing, his knees would've given out. This boy's musky heat smelled like heaven.

Chekov had spread his legs around Scotty and was now reaching a hand toward Scotty's face. He brushed the backs of his fingers down along Scotty's cheek and then back up again, caressing him while he gently pushed up into Scotty's mouth. He looked almost helpless lying there, spread out like that, and Scotty felt that little twinge of guilt again, but then Chekov moaned and for a moment hit the exact right pitch of the Enterprise's hum. Scotty stopped sucking and stared at him, slack-jawed and completely smitten.

"What is wrong?" Chekov whispered, still stroking Scotty's face.

"Do it again," Scotty said. "The humming."

A soft smile touched Chekov's lips. "Now?"

"Yes, now. It's... I just... I like it," Scotty admitted sheepishly. He hated to admit how much that humming coming from another living being actually did for him. Judging by the slightly cocky look on Chekov's face, Chekov could tell.

Chekov put his pretty, pink lips together, inhaled deeply through his nose and, with that hint of a smile still on his lips, began to softly hum along with the ship. The effect was immediate; Scotty's groin pulsed with need and his eyes almost rolled up in his head. He felt thoroughly embarrassed that something like that could affect him so strongly.

Chekov bit his bottom lip as he hummed and his eyes were absolutely smoldering. Scotty needed to be closer to him. He got up on his knees and, with shaky hands, got his pants undone and pulled out his hard cock. He'd intended to lie down with Chekov again, but Chekov had other ideas.

He stopped humming and sat up, eyes glued to Scotty's erection. The smile dissolved from his face and he shifted so he could shimmy closer to Scotty and get his face closer to Scotty's hard-on.

"You don't have to," Scotty said. Chekov looked up at him, but said nothing as he began to experimentally lick and kiss Scotty's prick.

And he started the humming again. Scotty watched him, watched that sweet face with its pretty mouth perform one of the most intimate acts in the universe (and god, the kid was looking right up at him with those big eyes of his while he did it), and Chekov's voice melded with the ship's again. It shook a bit as he really began to suck, but it was still enough to make Scotty's prick jerk in his mouth. Scotty petted the soft curls on his head.

"Fuck, you glorious creature," Scotty whispered. He couldn't stand it any longer, he needed Chekov in his arms. He cupped Chekov's face and carefully pulled out of his mouth. The humming stopped. "Lie back down," he said. Chekov went where Scotty guided him, eyes locked with Scotty's as they lay down together. Scotty quickly lubricated them both with saliva and carefully lined up their cocks. He stared down into Chekov's eyes as he began to hump him.

Chekov clung to Scotty's shirt and rubbed up against him too. He closed his eyes as his rubbing became more urgent, his breathing quicker and more erratic. He was coming undone.

"Going to... come... Commander," Chekov panted.

"Do it. Come for me. Fuck."

Chekov bucked up against him hard and began to come, arching his neck and crying out, looking completely helpless and utterly delicious. Scotty couldn't hold out looking down at a sight like that. He began to come as well.

Their voices echoed throughout the tube. Scotty vaguely wondered if anyone might be passing by at that moment and hearing them, but he was too far gone to really care. Chekov looked far too lovely unraveling underneath him for him to care.

When Chekov opened his eyes, he found Scotty staring down at him. They stared at each other as the pleasure died away, and then Chekov smiled lazily up at him.

"Good for you?" Scotty asked.

"Very," Chekov whispered.

Scotty slid off of him with a grunt and settled next to Chekov, facing him. "Feel like I should've bought you dinner first or something."

Chekov shook his head. "Not hungry."

Their eyes locked again and Scotty understood the hot, almost determined look in the younger man's eyes. He laid a hand on Chekov's stomach and asked, "You... want to go back to my quarters?"

Chekov nodded. "Yes, please."

That 'please' just about made Scotty's heart melt. He nodded and helped tuck Chekov back inside his underwear. They cleaned up as best they could and proceeded to crawl out of the Jeffries tube. Chekov went ahead, and once he was clear, Scotty poked his head out and scanned the empty corridor. He had images in his head of the captain's smirking face and knowing gaze peeking at them around a corner, but there was no one around. Scotty breathed a sigh of relief and crawled out.

Back at Scotty's quarters, Scotty discovered exactly how sensitive Chekov's body was. When Chekov finally stood naked before him, all that soft, pale skin offered up like the most wonderful buffet in the universe, Scotty reached out to touch him, running his fingers down the ensign's chest and stomach. Chekov sucked in a soft breath as Scotty's fingers grazed his nipples and Scotty watched the little pink nubs instantly harden in his fingers' wake. Scotty's fingers traversed the trail of hair leading down from Chekov's belly button and Chekov shuddered. Chekov was still squirming as Scotty's fingers glided along the edge of his pubic hair, over his hip bones and around to his back where they traveled up along his spine, making Chekov arch and cling to Scotty.

Chekov was rock-hard again by the time Scotty got his own clothes off, and Scotty's cock was waking up again too. He laid the teenager down on his bed and kissed and touched him all over, delighting in the way Chekov squirmed and whimpered and sighed the odd word or sentence in Russian. Chekov turned over onto his belly, put a pillow beneath his hips to raise his ass up a bit, and Scotty buried his face in him, greedily, but carefully, licking and probing with his fingers, stretching him, preparing him.

"I am ready, Commander," Chekov suddenly whispered. He raised his head and looked over his shoulder at Scotty with sleepy eyes.

Scotty stopped licking and blinked at him. "Yeah? You sure?"

Chekov nodded.

With a gulp, Scotty sat up, wiped his mouth and set to work lubricating himself. Chekov twisted around more to watch, his eyes focused on Scotty's dick. God, he looked so young.

Scotty positioned himself over Chekov's body, between his legs. Chekov put his head down again and Scotty stared down at his profile. He looked calm enough, Scotty thought, but he knew the boy must be nervous as hell. He had to be. Even Scotty was feeling shaky and uncertain.

He nudged against Chekov's entrance. Chekov frowned and closed his eyes. Scotty brushed his lips against Chekov's ear.

"You okay?" Scotty whispered.

Chekov nodded, the intensity on his face increasing as Scotty began to push inside. He whimpered and turned his face into the pillow. His breaths came harder and quicker and he groaned.

Scotty knew there was little he could do to prevent this from being painful for him, at least at first. People did this all the time, he reasoned. He himself had done this before. You get used to it. It would start to feel good after a while. Chekov was young and resilient, he would adjust quickly. Besides, he had experience, he'd said so. Maybe he had done this before.

Oh, fuck it all to hell, Scotty thought and he pulled out what little of himself he'd managed to get inside. He lowered himself to the bed next to Chekov. Chekov opened his eyes and looked at him quizzically.

"I can't," Scotty said.

Chekov raised his head again. "I can do it," he insisted, but Scotty shook his head.

"No." He held his arms open to Chekov and, looking a little confused, Chekov slid close and cuddled up to him. Scotty embraced him and said, "I'm sorry."

"What is wrong, Commander?"

"You're too young. And too... tight. I'll hurt you."

"It will only hurt for a while. I can take it."

"Well, I'm not sure I can."

"Would it help if I hummed?"

Scotty smiled. "It might. But I don't want you to change my mind, I'd just feel guilty afterward." Scotty looked down at him. "There are lots of other things we can do, though."

Chekov looked up at him while he moved a hand down between Scotty's legs. He gripped Scotty lube-slicked length and began stroking him while looking directly into his eyes. A little smile touched his lips and he began to hum.

"I'm not fucking you," Scotty insisted, but Chekov ignored him. He buried his face in Scotty's neck and stroked him faster. The humming vibrated softly against Scotty's throat. God, it was like the ship was inside him.

Scotty reached down and began stroking Chekov as well. "You do realize, lad, that now every time I tune into the ship's humming, I'm gonna get a big stiffy."

He felt Chekov smile against his neck and the humming was interrupted by a soft giggle. Scotty held him tighter and they stroked each other until they both came again, shuddering in each other's arms, Chekov's little hum dissolving into shaky moaning, hard grunting and ragged panting. They finally came down together with soft whimpers from Chekov and soft curse words from Scotty.

"You mentioned you already had some experience," said Scotty. "Was any of this new to you?"

"Yes. First time with a man."

"Ah. Well, I'm sorry I couldn't follow through. I wanted to."

Chekov looked up at him. "It was beautiful, Commander," he whispered. "But we are not finished yet, are we?"

Scotty's eyebrows went up. "I'm sorry?"

"There is so much you can show me, no? And... perhaps a few things I can show you."

Scotty had to laugh. "Well, that's certainly intriguing. But you know, I'm a bit older than you. My bits don't work the same way they used to."

Chekov grinned and nudged his head up underneath Scotty's chin. "I can wait. I will be ready when you are."

Scotty snorted as he stroked Chekov's back. "I bet you will. Ah, youth."

END