The Protg


Sarah and Buttercup were having tea discussing the acquisition of a protg. 
Buttercup felt that whoever the protg was to be, she should be able to 
make the choice of her own free will. Sarah reluctantly agreed to this so they 
placed an ad in all of the local fetish papers. The interviews were frustrating. 
None of the applicants would go as far as they wanted. The last applicant for 
the day came in. She was a small girl about five feet tall and completely 
figureless. She looked as if she was a full size little girl. Her name was 
Anastasia, and she was perfect for the position. Her interview concluded and 
she was shown to her room. Here she was in a beautiful home and not a care 
in the world. Everything would be taken care of for her. Going through life 
as the dateless woman might be coming to a quick end now. She took off her 
clothes and climbed into bed for what will be the last good night's sleep she 
will get for a long time.

DAY ONE:
She awoke to the smell of a wonderful breakfast. She put on her robe and 
ran downstairs to the kitchen and was greeted by Sarah and Buttercup. 
Buttercup said," Enjoy your breakfast and then we will begin." Sarah 
finished her breakfast and found them in the study waiting for her. " So, 
what's on the agenda for today?" Buttercup simply handed her three boxes 
and told her to look inside. In the first box she found a beautiful black rubber 
collar that was covered in silver studs. The second box contained a black 
rubber corset that would cover her from the bust to well past her hips. The 
third box contained a pair of red patent leather pumps with 5" heels and 
padlocks. Buttercup said," These items shall be the only items that you wear 
from now on until your training and modifications are complete. I will have 
the only keys and will be your mentor. These are the first of many sets that 
you will wear and when I am through with you, you will surpass all of my 
expectations. Sarah then stated," I will handle all of your peircings and 
tattoos. All choices in design and size are mine alone." At this point there 
was silence. Anastasia was a little dumbfounded. She was then informed that 
she was to make the final decision, will she stay or will she go. She had one 
hour to make her decision and the pair walked out of the study and closed 
the door. She didn't need time to make that decision, her mind was already 
made up. She walked out of the study back into the kitchen and said,"I'm 
ready, let's get started."So begins your transformation 

DAY TWO: She awoken and instructed to put her robe on and bring the 
boxes to the dressing room. When she walked inside she was amazed. The 
room was huge. The walls were made of beautiful wood and the floor was 
done in Italian marble. In the center of the room there was a large rug that 
had two large eye hooks protruding from it and a machine with two winches 
about six feet apart. Above the rug there was a long bar with straps 
suspended from the ceiling by cables and the cables went to two ratchet 
winches mounted on the wall. There were also six mirrors mounted on 
rolling bases. She started to ask what all of this was for and Buttercup told 
her "Silence, you are only to speak when spoken to." She was a little 
shocked by the harshness in her voice but complied. Buttercup then 
instructed her to move to the center of the room so that her training may 
start. She was told to strip naked and stand there. Buttercup then took what 
must have been three rolls of pictures of her, probably to document the 
training and transformation. She was then measured all over. Her height was 
5'1", 36a bust 30 waist and 36 hips, leg inseam 26", neck 13.5" and neck 
length 4.5". " Now we begin," said Buttercup and she reached into one of 
the boxes and removed the shoes and put them on Anastacia"s feet. Next 
were the corset and the neck corset. Her feet were attached to the eye rings 
in the floor, her hands strapped to the overhead bar and the laces of the 
corset were attached to the winches. Buttercup then told her what was going 
to happen to her in the next months:" we will reduce your waist to a 
measurement of 11 inches with an 8" pipestem. Your neck will be reduced 
to 9" and a length of 12" and the shoe height that you will always wear will 
be at least 8" high. When you reach the impasse point, we will begin the 
surgical procedures to reach the goals I have in mind for you. I will return in 
one hour to release you." As she reached the door she flipped a couple of 
switches on the wall and closed the door.  Anastasia was in a small panic as 
she heard the winches engage and start to very slowly pull on the laces. She 
had never worn a corset before and thought it very odd that winches were 
used. Little did she know that the corset was going to reduce her waist eight 
inches. She was now feeling the pressure from the corset and finding it 
increasingly difficult to breathe normally. She looked at the clock on the 
wall and only about ten minutes had passed so far. She started to really panic 
now. The pressure was ever increasing and she was feeling lightheaded. 
About halfway through the process she passed out. When she awoke, 
Buttercup was standing there with a grin on her face. She asked,"why are 
you smiling?" Buttercup immediately struck her across the face and 
commanded her to be silent . Buttercup turned away and started to position 
all of the mirrors around her so that she may see what is to become of her. 
Anastasia looked in awe. Her waist looked so small and it almost looked like 
she had tits now. Her legs were numb and senseless. Buttercup just smiled as 
she released her from the bar and eye hooks. She almost lost her balance but 
Buttercup caught her. She was taken back to her room and laid upon her bed. 
She was told to rest now and get used to the feelings that she is feeling now 
because they will continue for the next few months.

DAY THREE:
She awoke to the numbness again but the pain in her ribcage had subsided. 
She tried to sit up but found it impossible in the corset. She swung her legs 
off the bed and was now able to sit up. When she went to stand she went 
face forward into the wall and fell to the ground. She looked at her feet and 
she was wearing what looked like ballet slippers but with steel surrounding 
her heel and ankle. She was then reminded of her agreement. This is part of 
the training process. She got back up on the bed with a great amount of 
effort due to that she could not use her feet for balance or leverage. About 
ten minutes later Buttercup came in and asked how she was feeling this 
morning. The only words that came to mind was 'out of control' which in 
her mind was the understatement of the year. She was then informed that for 
the next four days she would remain in bed to let the tools do their work. 
Food would be brought to her and her bathroom needs would be dealt with. 
She would be allowed to watch T.V. but no phone or contact with anyone 
that she knew in her now previous life. Buttercup then left the room and 
closed the door. It was finally sinking into her head what she committed 
herself to.

WEEK TWO:
She awoke to the smell of breakfast rolls and coffee, Buttercup was standing 
there with a tray and set it on her lap. They had a leisurely breakfast and a 
normal conversation. She was told in detail how Buttercup was transformed 
and of all the processes. After their conversation, Buttercup removed the 
slippers and put a pair of beautiful ballet boots on her feet. They were made 
of shiny black patent leather with a long slender steel heel. They laced up the 
front of the boot and straps with locks covered the laces. She found these 
shoes quite comfortable compared to the slippers. Buttercup then said," time 
to learn to walk." Anastasia cautiously stood in the boot and almost lost her 
balance. She steadied herself with the bedpost and regained control. She was 
then instructed to walk to the door and back to the bed. She had to take very 
small steps to avoid falling and used various pieces of furniture for added 
balance. This continued for the next six hours without a break. Her toes were 
sore from all of her weight being on them. She was then told to climb back 
on the bed and relax for awhile and the practice would continue after dinner.  
Anastasia and Buttercup had a private dinner together and tea afterwards. 
Then the training resumed. Another six hours of the same thing over and 
over. By the time this session was over she was able to walk slowly around 
the room without the assistance of furniture for balance. Buttercup then 
instructed her to return to bed and the slippers were reattached to her feet 
and locked in place. As Buttercup left the room and shut off the lights She 
heard a very faint "sweet dreams my daughter."
     This morning went just the same as yesterday at least until breakfast was 
over. The ballet boots were put back on her feet and she was to follow 
Buttercup to the lacing room. When she got there, Buttercup handed her a 
box with another corset in it. She was told that this on is shorter but also 
smaller in the waist. She was hooked to the floor and the bar and the old 
corset was removed. She was bathed right there, dried off and talcum 
powder applied. The new corset was then attached to her and the lacing 
began. This time the crushing feeling was a bit less but still there none the 
less. Again, Buttercup moved the mirrors into position for her to see herself. 
The difference was even more drastic than before. Her waist was minute as 
it smoothly flowed out to her now full looking hip and her bust was pushed 
even more prominently up and outward. She loved it! She looked like a 
woman now and she beamed with joy. Buttercup was impressed by her 
reaction. She never thought that she would react this way. She released her 
from the winches, eyehooks and the bar and instructed her to follow her 
downstairs. They went to the sitting room to practice her maneuvering 
around furniture and other obstacles. They did this daily until Anastasia was 
very proficient in the ballet boots.

WEEK THREE

Now it was Sarah's turn with Anastasia. Her peircings were to proceed on a 
daily basis till Sarah was satisfied with the result. The first was her labia. 
The cruel way that was done to Buttercup would not be done here. She 
applied a surface anistetic to numb her precious organ. She was pierced three 
times on each lip and two times on her labia. All were silver rings with 
locking balls at the tip. The peircings continued daily for the next five days. 
When Sarah was through, she had pierced Anastasia 41 times. Her ears 
nipples, tongue, labia and pussy lips all had matching pieces. She gleamed 
with a silver glow everywhere she was pierced. She was given the weekend 
to grow accustomed to her new and permanent additions. 

WEEK FOUR

Today started the real training her Anastasia. She had her normal breakfast 
with Buttercup and then to the lacing room they went. Buttercup then 
explained to Anastasia what is to happen now. "The next month will be 
strictly for training your body and your mind of the more drastic 
modifications. Your waist today will be reduced another three inches and it 
will start to become pipestem style. The shoes you will wear will stretch 
your muscles further than the ballet boots and the slippers have." She held 
up a boot that when worn would fold her foot completely flat to her lower 
leg making a continuous line down the leg and through her foot as if she had 
no feet. Buttercup designed these shoes herself. They were designed to cure 
any discomfort that the ballet boots caused to her ankles or toes. They 
literally had a heel that had no more space between the instep. They must 
have been 10 inches tall and were also made of double thick leather to 
negate any flex in the ankle either forward or sideways. By this time, 
Anastasia couldn't even bend her foot flat any more without extreme pain. 
Her toes were already taking the shape of the boots and her toes all pointed 
towards the middle of her foot. In actuality her foot already had the shape of 
the ballet slippers with the high arch and the curve. Buttercup then put the 
corset around her, closed the busk and started the winches to crush her waist 
even further. She hung there for the next hour and a half while the winches 
did their work. When it was all over her waist measurement was 15" with a 
three-inch pipestem. Buttercup then put the shoed on her feet. She could feel 
the muscles and the bones being bent and stretched past their limits. When 
she looked down, she couldn't see her feet anymore. They were perfectly in 
line with her legs but there was no pain in her toes. The shoes had an 
individual pad for each toe and cushioned them with some kind of new 
spaceage material that absorbed all impact from weight. Anastasia was a 
little shocked to see herself in the mirror. Here she was with small but 
noticeable bust; a tiny waist with a small vertical section in the middle and 
her feet flowed into her ankles and legs flawlessly. She was taken to her 
room to lie down and get accustomed to her new equipment. She spent the 
next five days getting used to the new her. Walking in the new shoes was the 
biggest challenge. Since she could not see her feet she had to rely on her 
sense of what her feet and legs were doing, not her eyesight. The corset 
diminished her appetite for a few days till she grew used to the new feeling. 
By the end of the week she was walking as if she was born in those shoes 
and had a most seductive walk caused by the corset and the heels.

WEEK FIVE

It was Sarah's turn again with Anastasia. All of the rings that were installed 
had small weights attached to them to stretch the holes and when each one of 
them reached an impasse, more weight was applied. This continued for the 
next three weeks along with consistent practice walking and maneuvering 
until Sarah was satisfied with the current result. Each one of the hole were 
now between 3/8 and  inch in diameter and she could easily run a small 
obstacle course in the shoes. It was time to go to town for the next part of the 
training. They went to a street-side caf for lunch. Anastasia was wearing a 
low cut top that was very sheer and no bra so all could see her nipples and 
her peircings. Her skirt was just below her crotch when standing so when 
she was sitting, you could see just a glimpse of her pussy and her peircings 
in that area. She wore the standard ballet boots, her latest corset and the neck 
corset. Her hair was in a bun on the back of her head so that all could see the 
large rings in her earlobes. There must have been at least ten men who either 
ran into tables or tripped over things because they couldn't take their eyes 
off of her. She was a figure of erotic beauty and she knew it. After lunch 
they went to a doctor's office. This was to be the first of many visits to this 
doctor. After her initial exam, She was informed that her breasts would be 
augmented monthly by injection. Implant bags would be inserted so that she 
may have as large a breast size as was needed. Small valves would be 
attached under her skin in her armpit so that additional fluid could be 
injected on a regular basis till the required size was achieved.  A week later 
she returned to the doctor's office and underwent the procedure. When she 
awoke she had immense pain in her chest. She was given some painkiller 
and feel back asleep. Two days later she went home with Buttercup and 
Sarah. She spent about two weeks at home going through the normal routine 
of practice. She returned to the doctor's office. The doctor informed her that 
the healing process was complete and she was ready for the first 
augmentation. He gave her a local and went to work. He slowly injected 50 
c.c.s of solution into each valve. He also gave her an injection of an 
experimental female hormone to increase elasticity in her skin. She woke up 
slowly but with just a slight pressure in her chest. She sat up and approached 
the mirror. She had breasts!!! She looked at the doc and then at Buttercup. 
Tears started welling in the corner of her eyes. Buttercup asked her"what's 
wrong?" Anastasia walked to her and wrapped her arms around her and just 
whispered' thank you.' When they got home they ate dinner together in 
silence. As Anastasia was doing the dishes she was lightly humming' I'm a 
woman.'  About a week later they went to town again. Anastasia 
asked,"where are we going?" Buttercup just looked at her and smiled. They 
arrived at another doctor's office and again she went through a thorough 
exam. She was then informed that this doctor was the one who modified 
Buttercup's ribcage to attain her waist size. The doctor informed her that she 
will have eight ribs removed, part of her intestines removed and her tummy 
tucked. This will give you the ability to surpass your 'mother's' waist size. 
Two weeks later she was once again in the hospital. She was in a lot of pain 
the first few days so she was kept sedated. The doctor reexamined her and 
released her to go home. He told her to return in three weeks for stitch 
removal and reevaluation. She spent almost all of her time in bed resting till 
then. When she returned to his office, she lay down on the table, they 
removed the medical corset and removed her stitches. The doctor said that 
everything went as planned and she was fine. She then put on her new corset 
and just stared in the mirror. She was a figure of beauty: Perky breasts held 
high by the corset and her tiny waist. She was measured in at 13" with a 6" 
pipestem. They left and went to her next appointment with her breast doctor. 
Again he gave her a local but this time injected her with 100 c.c.s of 
solution. Again she was given the hormone shot and sent on her way. She 
got home and went to the kitchen to prepare dinner. Buttercup walked in and 
asked how she felt. Anastasia walked over to Buttercup and kissed her 
passionately and forcefully. Buttercup pushed away in shock! She said,' 
what was that all about young lady?' Anastasia replied,' I love you mother 
and it just happened, I'm sorry.' She put her head down in shame and 
Buttercup walked over and lifted her chin to look in her eyes." I love you too 
but do try to keep control. The hormones are probably responsible for that 
outburst, but do try." She gave her a hug and held her like only a mother 
could. She was so proud of her but still had to be firm with her. The next 
four months went by with the regular doctor appointments for injections and 
hormones. About two weeks before Christmas she went for her normal 
appointment. She was taken into the doctor's office and left there. The 
doctor came in and sat down. He informed her that today would be the last 
visit but this time she would stay overnight. They went to the o.r. and she 
was given gas this time. When she passed out the doctor proceeded with the 
last injection. These were given by a machine and regulated. She was in 
there for three hours. The machine injected her with 1800 c.c.s. of the 
solution in each breast. When she woke up there was no pain but a lot of 
pressure on her chest. The lights were off and the room was pitch black. She 
panicked and hit the call button. Buttercup ran in and asked' what's wrong 
baby?' She said,'it was dark and I was scared.' Buttercup calmed her down 
and sat with her till she fell asleep. The next morning she woke up and when 
she looked down all she saw was a huge mound holding the sheets up. She 
slowly sat up almost losing her balance as she did so. She walked over to the 
mirror and stood in shock. Her breasts were gigantic! They must have been 
the size of basketballs and stood out about a foot! Just then the doctor 
walked in and said,'well what do you think?' She was in awe, she blurted 
out,' I love 'em, I really do love them, thank you doc.' He replied,' my 
pleasure. Your mother is waiting outside. Shall I send her in?' Anastasia 
shook her head yes and the doctor went out to get Buttercup. She cupped 
what she could of her breasts and found that they were very sensitive. Her 
nipples instantly hardened and a chill went through her. Buttercup walked in 
and looked at her. She was so proud. Her protegee is almost complete. They 
talked for about a half-hour before Anastasia got dressed and they left. The 
next month was spent specifically learning how to balance in her attire with 
her new breast size. 
 It was spring and time for the final modification. They went to town and 
had a long lunch at the sidewalk caf. Men were stumbling into everything 
and even fighting over her. Never in her life did she get this much attention. 
She was getting wet between the legs just thinking about all the attention. 
Buttercup brought her back to reality when she informed her that it was time 
to see the doctor. They sat in the waiting room filling out lots of paperwork. 
When the doctor explained the procedure, Anastasia got real nervous. She 
thought to herself, they're going to cut me up like a jigsaw puzzle! Buttercup 
reassured her that it is safe and this is what she went through so she need not 
worry. Two months later the doctor called and announced that all was ready 
and for her to be at the hospital tomorrow. The surgery took twelve hours 
and due to the amount of modification she was sedated for two weeks. When 
she finally woke up she looked down to see her legs and only saw the sheet 
held up by a metal bar. She panicked and again hit the call button. The nurse 
came in and told her not to worry, the doctor is on his way here now. When 
he examined her he told her that everything went perfect and when she is 
through recovery, she will stand 6'5". The thing that he didn't tell her is that 
he widened her pelvis, which was to be a surprise from her mother. 
    The next weeks were difficult for her; the therapy was not only difficult 
but painful as well. She had a very hard time walking and since her muscles 
and tendons were accustomed to the ballet boots and would not allow her to 
flatten her foot, the progress of her therapy was slow to say the least. She 
had been there two months and was starting to make progress. She could 
walk but only slowly and her steadiness that she attained in the ballet boots 
previously was all but gone. The doctor released her and she went home 
with mother. Buttercup was concerned that maybe they had gone too far for 
her to handle. Anastasia assured her that was not the case. She spent her 
every waking moment practicing. After a month she asked Buttercup to 
come to the sitting room. Buttercup arrived and Anastasia was across the 
room by the fireplace. She asked her mother to sit down. After she sat she 
watched Anastasia almost jog to her through all of the obstacles that had 
been placed in the room since she had been there. She maneuvered through 
them flawlessly. When she sat down next to Buttercup, there were tears in 
her eyes. She asked,' why do you cry?' "Because I am so proud of you." 
"You have shown me that you are the perfect woman.' Anastasia was 
perfect. Her measurements are 40eee/13/40 with a height of 6'5" in her bare 
feet with a 38" inseam for her legs. She is the perfect vision of erotic beauty 
and the perfect protg. 
