	Karl spent as much time as possible with me all summer long.  He learned my like quickly and was ready to go whenever I was.  As summer came to an end, so did our time together.  
	I told him we couldnt keep seeing each other, with my son back and with them in school and Karl cried. He begged and pleaded but I told him it had to come to an end.
	After school started his mother and I talked about him one night at girls night.  She told me she was sure hed had a girlfriend over summer from the way he acted, so sure of himself and upbeat but something must have happened because, as soon as school started, hed been in a deep funk.
	I felt bad because Id brought him to the high and smashed him to the low but I knew it was for his own good. And mine.
	A couple of weeks later, I saw Karl walking home with a girl. She was skinny, with mousy brown hair and thick glasses, but, from the way she looked at him, I knew she was in love.  
	He saw me and said something her before running over to me.
	Hi, he said.	
	Hi, I replied.
	Umm I just wanted to say thank you, he said.
	For what? I asked.
	He grinned at me and said, If it wasnt for you I would never have had the guts to ask Alicia out.  Shes amazing!
	I smiled and said, Chicks dig self-confidence.  Now get out of here and go spend some time with your girlfriend.
	I watched them walk away and couldnt help but shake my head.  I knew hed find someone.  I also knew he had to feel the sense of loss Id made him to feel to truly appreciate the good times he was going to have with Alicia.  If there was anything I was an expert in it was better life through suffering.
	The year seemed to go by in the blink of an eye. It felt like Id started my new secretarial job just a minute ago and, instead, it was already June and Will was leaving me for the summer.  As usual, as soon as he was gone the house grew too small and too quiet.  
	On girls night, Patty, Karls mother, decided we should have a bad girls night.  There was a new club that had just opened and she wanted to go see if we were all as hot as we thought we were.  
	At first, I didnt want to go but, in the end, I gave in and went.  We all got dressed in out slutty best.  I wound up in a short black skirt, with fishnet stocking and my knee-high hooker boots.  I wore a red blouse that hung low enough to show way too much cleavage.
	We all met at the club and made fun of each other, standing outside, working up our courage to actually go in.  We could talk the talk but walking the walk scared the shit out of all of us.
	After almost an hour of standing around, we gave in and went inside.  It was loud and dark, which suited us.  We found a table along one wall and claimed it as our own. 
	Nobody dared to dance at first.  Then, after a few shots, we were all out on the dance floor.  Of the five of us, I was the first to have a guy come over and ask me to dance.  I had to admit, it felt really good to be noticed by a guy and to be the first of our group to get asked to dance.
	I danced with a few guys, really starting to enjoy myself.  I came back to the table after my latest dance partner wandered back to his.  I was just about at the table when someone behind me said, Please tell me you are not too tired for another dance.
	I turned and felt my heart skip a beat in my chest. He was tall, well over six feet, and he had bright blond hair and the deepest blue eyes I had ever seen.  He filled out his button up shirt quite well and there was no way I was going to say no to him.
	We went back out onto the dance floor and danced to two dances.  He invited me over to his table and I told him I had to go get my purse first.  I went back to my table and found Patty and out friend Karen, the only two left at the table.
	Are you abandoning us too? Patty asked.
	Hell, for that yummy piece of man she was dancing with, Id abandon us too! Karen said.
	You wont be mad, will you? I asked Patty.
	Hell yes Im mad! She said.  It is so not fair that you get the yummy guy and I have to be sober enough to remember Im married!
	We laughed and I gave them each a quick hug before joining my new friend at his table.  He had another guy sitting with him who looked like a younger version of himself.
	When I sat, he introduced himself and his friend.  
	Im Jeff and this is my brother Matt, he said.
	I shook his and his brothers hands and introduced myself.  We sat talking for a few minutes before Jeff asked if I wanted to dance again. I agreed and we went back to the dance floor.  We danced for one song before his brother came out and asked if he could have a dance.
	Looking up into another pair of those beautiful blue eyes and very white smile, I couldnt say no.  We danced for a few minutes and then Jeff came out to join us.  While Matt danced in front of me, Jeff danced behind me.  As the song grew faster, Jeff put his hands on my hips and pressed himself close.  I pressed myself back and could feel the hard bulge in his pants.  A little thrill of excitement made its way up my spine as I rubbed against his hardness.
	Jeff let me go and danced around in front of me, sending Matt behind me.  Again I felt hands on my hips and the press of something hard against me.  I had them both turned on and that only made me hotter.
	After the song ended, we went over to their table and sat for a minute before Jeff asked, Would you like to go somewhere a little more private?
	I knew exactly what he meant by that and I had to bite my lip to keep a giggle of excitement from escaping my lips.
	Where are we going to go? I asked.
	Our hotel, he said.
	Youre not a local? I asked, feeling a little disappointed.  Yummy looking guys like him were a rare find.
	No, we were here for a meeting and well actually be leaving tomorrow afternoon, he said.
	Thats too bad, I said.  This area has a lot to offer.
	I disagree, Jeff said, looking deep into my eyes.  So far weve only found one thing in this area that is truly beautiful and its too bad we found it on our final day here.
	I could feel the blush creeping up my face and decided to give into my hormones.
	Why dont we talk about this beauty a little bit more at your hotel? I asked.
	Jeff look at his brother and the both grinned.  He helped me up and we made our way out of the club.  I looked over and saw Patty and Karen staring at me, their mouths hanging open as I walked out with, not one but two, cute guys.
	We walked over to their car and Matt held the passenger door open for me so I could get in.  I was nervous, really nervous, but I had to admit, they had both been gentlemen so far.  And, if they decided not to be, the pepper spray in my purse would teach them some manners.
	We got to their hotel and went up to their room.  I had to admit, the room impressed me.  It was a suite on the end of the tower with two rooms, a very large TV and a large wet bar. 
	Would you like a drink? Jeff asked.
	Just water, please, I said. I was a little buzzed and I wanted to make sure to stay somewhat sober just in case these guys turned out to not be nice.
	Jeff brought me a water and sat with me on the sofa while Matt sat in the chair next to us, watching us.
	You seem tense, Jeff said.
	I laughed and said, Two guys Ive never met just brought me to their hotel room. Id say thats a good reason to be nervous!
	Were not going to do anything you dont want to do, Matt said quietly.
	My brothers right, Jeff said.  This is all about us enjoying one another.
	Okay, I said.
	Jeff brought his hands up and rubbed my shoulders.  For a second, I flinched at his touch and then, slowly, I began to enjoy the feel of his hands on me. I felt his lips touch my neck and I let out a little whimper.
	Matt slid off of his chair and knelt in front of me.  He brought his face up to mine and we kissed.  His lips pressed to mine while his brothers caressed my neck and shoulder.
	Matt pulled back and said, Maybe we should continue in the bedroom.
	Jeff and I stood. Jeff took my hand and I took Matts and we walked into the main bedroom of the suite.  Once we were in the room, Jeff turned and brought his mouth to mine.  I kissed him deeply as Matt pulled himself tight against my back. I could feel his hard cock through our clothes and it made me shiver with anticipation.
	Matts hands took them hem of my skirt and lifted it, exposing my ass cheeks and thong.  He rubbed himself between my ass cheeks making me moan.
	Matt let me go and Jeff pulled me over to the bed.  We laid down and continued to kiss, my hands running across his chest. He slipped his hand under my shirt and cupped my breast.  He squeezed it as my hand traveled down to the hard lump in his pants. I rubbed him up and down as he caressed my breast.
	I felt the bed shift as Matt laid down behind me.  He cuddled close and kissed my neck and shoulder.  I felt the bare skin of his hard cock rub against my ass cheek as he kissed me.
	Jeff slipped off the bed and started to get undressed while Matt turned me to face him.  He was looked as muscular as his brother felt under his shirt.  I glanced down at his big, hard cock and then kissed him hard.  His hands slid under my shirt while I took his cock in my hand.  He groaned as I stroked his hard cock.
	He pulled back and slipped off of the bed. I watched him join his brother at the foot of the bed.  Both of them stood naked for me to admire.  Jeff was the older brother but Matt was definitely the bigger brother.
	Something must have crossed my face because Jeff laughed and said, I hope youre not disappointed in me.
	I grinned and slid down to the bottom of the bed. I slid off the bed and knelt in front of them.  I took each of their cocks in my hand and stroked them.  I leaned towards Jeff and licked the head of his cock before taking it into my mouth.  I sucked him for a minute before I slid him out of mouth and turned to his brother.  I took Matts cock into my mouth and sucked him for a minute too.
	I pulled back and looked up at them, I am so many things right now but disappointed is not one of them!
	They pulled me to my feet and Jeff asked, Were naked, why arent you?
	I stripped out of my clothes, trying not to trip or make an ass of myself in my excitement.  When I was naked I stood before them, enjoying the looks of admiration on their faces.
	You are beautiful, Jeff said.
	Gorgeous, Matt agreed.
	I blushed and tried not to let on just how much their compliment meant to me.
	Lay down, Jeff said.
	I got on the bed and lay on my back, watching them.  The brother got on the bed on either side of me and started kissing their way up my legs.  They licked their way up my inner thigh and to my pussy.  
	Jeff slipped his tongue between my pussy lips and I let out a low moan.
	She tastes wonderful, he told his brother.
	Matt slipped his tongue into me next, making me shiver.  They took turns licking my pussy and clit before they kissed their way up my stomach and to my breasts.  Each licked and sucked on a nipple, making me whimper as little bursts of pleasure ran through me at their touch.
	They kissed their way up my neck and to my mouth.  Our three tongues slid against each other as we all kissed.  Jeff broke the kiss and settled himself between my legs.  Matt broke the kiss and watched his brother position himself over me.
	I felt the head of his cock touch my pussy and then, slowly, he slid himself fully into my very wet, and very ready, pussy.  Jeff eased himself in and out of me while Matt sat high up on the pillows, bringing his cock towards my face.  While his bother fucked my wet pussy, I took Matts cock into my mouth.  I sucked his cock while he watched his brother slide his cock in and out of me.
	Matt pulled back and I felt Jeff slide off of me.  Matt took his place between my legs and pressed his hard cock up into me.  Jeff sat on the bed next to me and I grabbed his cock and slid it into my mouth.  I could taste my wetness and his hard cock and it only made me more aroused.
	After a while, Jeff slipped off of the bed and Matt pulled out of me and laid down beside me.  He turned me onto my side and through my leg over his.  Laying on our side, Matt slid his cock back into my pussy.  
	I felt the bed shift as Jeff laid down behind me. I glanced back at him and saw he had a tube of KY Jelly in his hand.  He squeezed a little into his hand and lubed up his middle finger.  Matt pulled me so I faced him and his kissed my passionately.
	I felt Jeff spread my ass cheeks and felt his finger probe my ass.  He was slow and gentle, working at the same slow rhythm as his brother, as he slid his finger, just a little at a time, into my ass.
	He slipped his finger out of my ass and pulled himself against my back.  Matt slid his cock out of me and waited for his brother to be in me.  Jeff pressed the head of his cock against my ass.  It pinched and hurt a little but I tried not to let on because I was beyond turned on at the thought of having two guys at once.  
	Little by little, Jeff slid his cock farther and farther into my ass. Once he was in, Matt slid his cock between my legs and into my pussy.  With a slowly building rhythm Jeff fucked my ass while his brother fucked my pussy.
	Each of them kissed me, Jeff on my neck, Matt on my mouth.  Jeffs hand wrapped around me from behind and cupped my breast.
	I felt an intense explosion of pleasure building as they fucked me.  They both thrust themselves harder and faster into me and I cried out as I came for them.  I screamed as it felt like my body was on fire from the burning passion running through me.
	When my orgasm passed, I looked at Matts grinning face as he said, I take it youre enjoying yourself.
	Yes, I breathed.
	Good, he said.
	He pulled his cock out of me and stood up from the bed.  He stood watching as his brother fucked me from behind.  Jeff rode me faster and I could hear his breath becoming more and more ragged.  He grabbed my hips and pushed his hard cock deep into my tight ass and came.  He cried out again and again as his cock filled my ass with his cum.
	When he was finished, Jeff pulled out of me and lay behind me.
	Thank you, he said.
	I looked back at him and grinned.
	No.  Thank you! I said.
	Turning to look at Matt, I asked, What are we going to do about you?
	He grinned and said, Jeffs an ass man.  Im more of a breasts guy.
	I grinned and slipped off the bed to kneel in front of him.  I took his cock in my hand and stroked him a couple of times, feeling how wet his cock was from my pussy, before I licked my way up his shaft.  I licked circles around the head of his cock before I took him into my mouth.  I bobbed my head up and down his cock while I stroked the base of his shaft with my hand.
	It didnt take him long to pull my head back, whispering, Oh God, Im going to cum.
	I stroked his cock and pointed it at my breasts.  He let out a long moan and his cum shot out from his cock.   It splattered over my breast and stomach in huge gobs.  His cock spasmed again and again until just a little cum was left dripping from the tip of his cock.
	He stood in front of me, barely able to stand his knees were so wobbly, and said, Thank you, Lizzi.
	I leaned forward and licked the last drop of cum off his cock and said, You are both very welcome.
	Matt walked to the side of the bed and fell back onto it.  I stood up and grinned at the brothers.  Both had such huge, satisfied smiles on their faces, I couldnt help but laugh.  
	Would you mind if I used your shower?  I asked.  Im a little sticky.
	Jeff laughed and said, Anything you want is yours, my dear.
	I laughed and went into the bathroom.  I took a long, hot shower, enjoying the feel of the water on my skin and trying not to giggle.  Not only had I gotten laid, but Id had two guys.  It was an amazing night.
	After I was showered, the brothers each took a quick shower.  Jeff offered to let me stay the rest of the night but I thought it best if I went home.  We all piled into Jeffs rental car and he drove me back to the club.
	I kissed each of them deeply before they left.  I got in my car and headed home.  I found someone parked in my driveway and slowly pulled up. My headlights flashed across Patty and I wondered what she was doing here.
	I got out of my car and she ran up to me and said, You have to tell me everything. Right now!
	I laughed and we went inside so I could tell my tale.
