Jan, 2007:

 I was sitting on my deck off my back door of my mobile home, thinking about a story idea that I wanted to post on asstr.org when I heard the door open on the front of a double wide that looks out over the road between our units. Our homes are at the end of the road and forest is at the back so we have more privacy than most regular houses.

 A couple had just moved their mobile in recently and I had noticed their little girl often playing in the little sand pile by their front deck which was left over from the concrete footing that the guy had poured under the porch. Once or twice the lady had sunned in her bikini on her chaise while the little girl played with her toys on the deck. I figured she was about seven or so, with red hair and blue eyes like her mother.

 Her mom was good looking with large breasts and a nice butt and the girl was slim with her breasts just beginning to show with cute little strawberries on the ends. Her pubic mound was very pronounced for one so small and I wondered how it would feel pressed against my own as I panted softly.

  I looked over at the opening door and saw the girl peering around the porch and then she opened the door wide and stood there, stark naked, and I gasped as I ogled her cute little body shining in the morning sunlight. Then she walked out onto the porch and squatted down to check out some strange bug on the deck, oblivious to me staring at her.

 Her mother came to the door with her cell phone to her ear and called the little girl to come back inside, but her daughter just ignored her like little kids often do, and prodded the bug some more to make it struggle along the boards. Then her mother came out and pulled her up and smacked her cute little rear playfully and shooed her into the house.

 I closed my eyes and basked in the sun's hot rays as I dreamed about eating that little girl's cunt, and my own began to seep moisture between my legs. I was dressed in a loose white, almost see through, pleated dress with an elastic off the shoulder top, and I pulled it down so it just hid my stiffening nipples and then pushed gently on them as tremors ran up and down my body.

 I slid my hand up under the loose folds of the dress on the side away from the street and ran my fingernails up and down my naked body underneath. I scraped the ends of my nipples then teased myself by very slowly running my nails down my rib cage and back up and then further down as I squirmed on my chaise. I let my legs fall open and inched the hem of my dress slowly up my legs with my other hand. When it reached up my thigh almost to where my cunt lips were showing I stopped and opened my eyes to check the door again in case the lady came out.

 I could hear her yelling at her daughter and the girl giggling back so I leaned back and continued my  tantalizing self torture as my breasts swelled until they ached and my nipples were rock hard jutting out under the soft cotton top.

 I was sweating and felt the little drops sliding over my hot skin and that turned me on even more. Now my nails were making small circles up my thighs and over my swollen cunt lips as my clit swelled out of its hood and begged to be stroked as it throbbed. Then I passed my finger over it and flicked it lightly and I jerked up off the chaise as an electric shock surged up my body and tingled in my nipples and caused my stomach muscles to contract as I gasped for air. Then I repeated the whole thing over and over until I was writhing around on the lounger, moaning and gasping as the sweat poured down under my dress into my cunt and down into my rear end crack.

 As I was on the verge of a huge orgasm the door creaked open once again across the way and I froze in place as the lady came out in a tiny bikini and spread a towel on the deck and sat down and began putting oil on her arms and legs. She looked over at me and waved and I waved back as I kept running my nails up and down under my dress which she couldn't see from her porch. It was so erotic playing with my body while watching her run her hands up and down spreading the lotion.

 Then she turned over and lay on her stomach and reached back to unhook her top. I gasped as the strings fell to her sides and her large breasts poked out under her chest. She turned her head away from me and was talking to her little girl inside the doorway. Then the girl came out to stand by her, still naked as a jaybird, and I almost came on the spot as I shuddered and flicked my clit faster and faster while ogling her perfect little naked mound and hard little nipples.

 My feverish rubbing was gradually sliding my elastic top down to where it was barely clinging to my erect nipples and I looked down under the loose dress to see my sweat pooled in my belly button and my hand running all over my stomach and down to my slit.

 The lady told the little girl to put some oil on her back and I watched her daughter pour the oil on her and then rub it in as her mom wriggled, and giggled, from the playful tickling she was getting along with the massage. Then the naked girl pushed her little hands under her mom's bikini bottom and began to massage her mom's buns. The lady rose up on her elbows and looked back over her shoulder at her daughter and panted softly as the girl edged her bottoms slowly down until her cheeks were bare and glistening in the sunlight.

 She turned then and looked at me to see if I would say anything and I just stared, so I assumed she knew I was enjoying the show as she once again lay back down and stretched her arms over her head savoring the thrills that I knew were surging through her body from the massage her girl was administering to her hot rear end.

 Then the little girl pulled the ties loose and whipped her mom's bottoms off giggling all the while. I heard her mother gasp and saw her buck her hips up as the daughter pulled the rest of her suit out from under her hips. Now she was lying naked on her towel as I panted and slid my fingers into my wet cunt opening and began to fuck myself faster and faster, mesmerized by the gleaming naked sexy lady being fondled by her equally sexy naked little girl. Anybody driving up to our end of  the park could easily see them, and me, staring with my mouth open and gasping as I twitched back and forth on my lounge chair humping my fingers, faster and faster.

 I lost all pretenses then and grabbed my nipple with my free hand and kneaded my breasts through the thin dress fabric, until the top finally fell down and the sun warmed my aching, naked, swollen breasts.

 As I pushed my dress top further down to my hips the lady turned over and sat up and looked at me. I froze as she stared. Then she lay down on her back and spread her legs to the sun so I could see her flaming red cunt hair glistening as moisture seeped out and ran down onto her deck. The little girl started running her hands all over her mom until her nipples were standing up in the air stiff and hard and her legs were trembling and opening and closing continually as her daughter continued her probing and rubbing.

 I raised my knees and slid my dress all the way off and gasped as the warm sun found my cunt and the breeze teased my wet lips and blew up under my rear to my puckered hole. I looked furtively down the road and then plunged my fingers up my cunt and grabbed my nipples as I again focused on the mother-daughter scene across the way.

 Then I gasped as the mother pulled the little girl down and rolled over on top of her, pulling her little legs wide and sliding up and down on her protruding little girl mound. The girl moaned as her mom fucked her little clit and kissed and sucked on her budding little breasts. Then she slid down and started running her tongue up and down the girls slit while teasing her nipples with her fingers.

 I was gasping and rolling all over my chaise as I fucked myself furiously staring at the two naked people. I spread my legs wide and shoved more fingers up my sopping wet cunt as I yanked hard on my tender nipples until the first twinges of my impending orgasm started up my body and blood rushed to my swollen cunt lips until they were puffy and red.

 The lady looked over again and gasped at my naked body as she fucked up and down on her daughter's sweaty little body. Then it hit me and I arched my back in the air as I shot stream after stream of cum over my fucking fingers and screamed and gasped for air. I gushed and gushed as the lady continued to watch me while humping her little girl, faster and faster, until she, too, erupted and gasped loudly as the girl squirmed back and forth under her.

 I clenched my legs tight around my hand as the shock waves wracked my small frame. When they finally began to wane I opened my eyes and looked over at the lady, now sprawled on her deck on top of the little girl, panting and kissing her daughter tenderly as she rubbed her little body gently.

 The lady stood up and pulled the little girl to her feet and waved to me as they walked into the house and closed the door. I pulled my wet dress back on and stood up on shaking legs and managed to stumble into my house and flopped on the couch, totally exhausted. "Wow! What a turn on!" I mused, as I fell asleep.
***
