Hosting Friends Wearing Only an Apron 
by smidges

Not paying attention to the time, Red is caught naked by the arriving dinner guests.

      About a year ago we were having some friends over fordinner and a movie night at our house. As usual, Red was naked getting things ready in the house. They were going to arrive in about tenminutes and I jokingly told Red that maybe she should at least put on an apron for when they arrive.
      She went to the pantry, found an apron, and put it on. We both laughed and continued to get dinner ready. Tenminutes goes fast and our friends were knocking at the door. Red was in the kitchen and the front door and living room are in between our room and where she was.
      I immediately answered the door when they knocked and they came in. Red was stuck in the kitchen wearing only an apron. She couldn’t walk to our room to put anything on without walking by our friends. One of the couples we had only just met and they weren’t aware of Red's love of being naked all the time.
      Red wasn’t planning on being naked but now she was stuck. I invited them in and we walked into the kitchen area. Red just stood there with a spoon in their hand and only an apron on. She had that deer in the headlights look. We all stopped and had a moment of awkward silence before everybody said hi.
      She apologized for being naked and the new couple said, “you have an apron on at least,” and we all laughed. Jaime, one of the girls suggested she should just stay like that the whole night. The girls kept talking and she stayed in her apron to finish making dinner. All us guys had huge smiles on our faces. Red didn’t say anything about going to put clothes on.
      As the night went on she would automatically do things like pick up a chip that had fallen on the floor. When she bent over her ass cheeks spread and we all got an amazing shot of her pussy and ass hole. There was some cheering and she quickly stood up straight with her face bright red.
      She spent almost the rest of the night in just an apron. She did try to remember that her ass was not covered and tried to not always have it showing. She would sit down for a while but our friends started asking for her to get them a drink or are there any chips and salsa left. This would get her to stand up and show her cute ass to everyone. It seemed to become a game after a while.
      I was surprised that out of everyone there it was the twogirls that kept trying to get her to remove her apron. They would say to Red, “Isn’t that apron itchy on your body,” or, “that apron doesn’t look super comfortable." Red seemed like she wanted to take it off and be the only one naked. She does like it sometimes and definitely gets horny.
      She would respond to the girl's requests for her to take the apron off with, “I still need to wash the dishes so I need it on,” or some other lame excuse. I caught her twice reaching behind her to untie it but then would hesitate.
      I finally had enough of her teasing to do it and walked behind her and pulled the tied part around her waist. She gasped and turned towards me and then Jaime (one of our friends that was standing next to Red) pulled the tied part of the apron that was around her neck. The apron just fell down exposing her tiny breasts. Red caught it before it exposed her bright red pubes and shaved lips.
      She half-heartedly acted like she was trying to get back on but she would need both hands to tie the neck and waist strings. She first tried to tie the top part that goes around the back of the neck. She would just flash her bright red pubes and the shaved parts underneath.
      After a bit of acting like she wanted to put the apron back on and listening to all the begging for her to drop the apron to the floor she slowly started to lower the apron. She was squirming really bad like she had to go to the bathroom but she does that also when she gets really excited. She let go of the part she was using to cover her breasts and everyone cheered. Then she let it fall to the floor leaving her totally naked with our group of friends only feet away staring at her.
    