Victor's first few weeks at college.

This story is the property of the author.  It may be redistributed, copied and stored without changes, though it is not to be used by commercial entities.  Using this material in any commercial publication, including websites, without the express permission of the author, will be followed up with legal action. This fictional story was written for the entertainment of adults and should not be viewed by those under the legal age.

This is a story of casual, unprotected sex, and is a work of fiction. In real life, use a condom, damnit! Unwanted babies, HIV and all sorts of lesser sexual diseases await the idiot who "dips his wick" or "rides the rod" without protection.

---

The Game, Chapter 11 (MF, interr, mc, nc, oral, impreg?)
by Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)

---

School would be ending in a few weeks so I made sure to 'make the rounds' with the female students and teachers. I even got that cute brown-haired nerd with the glasses to ride me again, though I made sure that she took all of my cock this time, as well as my cum deep inside her. Lily joined us, of course, spurring me on to knock the slim girl up.

I had another go with Sheena's chubby brunette friend Darcie as well, though I stayed away from Sheena herself, not only because Lily had told me that her cheerleader friends were off limits, but I also didn't want to take the chance that that weird half-remembering effect would happen again with her.

Then came my 17th birthday, and...

No, let's jump ahead.

---

After I graduated a year later, I got into a good university on the strength of my grades, but Trent's 'scholarships' paid for most of it. I still managed to earn some bursaries on my own, though not enough to get my own dorm room. My roommate, Owen, couldn't have been less like me: tall, attractive, popular, and in good shape. He kinda looked like a young version of that actor in the Hulk movie...no, the first one...Eric Bana. Dark haired, with a quiet confidence. Guys like him played the game of life on easy mode.

"Got a date, Vic," he informed me, once again ignoring my many requests for him to call me Victor as he grabbed his high school letterman jacket and took all of the energy in the room with him as he left. Yeah, he was a meathead, but damn if he wasn't the life of the party, even when it was just him and me hanging out. Oh, you thought I hated him? Yeah, maybe at first, but like I said, he was smooth and easy to like. Heh, reading this, you'd think I had a crush on him or something. Naw, I wanted to BE him, though that would never happen with my skinny frame. My acne had cleared up a bit, but I still had some red spots, and I couldn't even muster up the confidence to talk to any girls without using the Master Console first.

Goddamn, university was a fuckfest, and I don't just mean with my use of the hypnotic game. It seemed that now that everyone was out from under their parents' heels, they just wanted to go hog wild. Owen had brought at least two different ladies back to our room in the first week, forcing me to hang out in the common room until the necktie was no longer hanging on our doorknob. It had been awkward the first time I walked in with that hanging there, not knowing what it meant. I really didn't need to see Owen's muscular ass pumping between some girl's shapely thighs.

The first thing I did when I got to university was use the Master Console to figure out where to bring my 'girlfriends'. One of the janitors played SpiritWalk, so I got him to make me a copy of the school's master key, as well as provide me with their cleaning schedule. Using that, I found some rooms that were rarely occupied and then I got to work. With so many people around on campus, I had to be careful not to leave clues or do anything that might get me noticed as I expanded my bizarre harem.

I also sent some hypnotic surveys out to my interests through the Master Console's hidden chat feature. Now that I was no longer in high school, the chance that some of them might have an STD was higher and I was thinking more with my bigger brain these days. No recent unprotected sex also meant that they were less likely to be on the pill, and damn if Lily hadn't firmly locked that impregnation fetish into my head.

Damnit...

Anyway, with Owen off on his date, there would be no one wondering where I was. I queried my target, sent off a command, and headed to the auditorium.

I saw her milling about at the entrance when I got there, and after a lull in the people going by, I headed over, unlocked the door, and let us inside. As I locked the door behind us, I let my eyes roam the small university student's body. She was Chinese, wearing a tied-off midriff-baring shirt with a nice short skirt that showed off her shapely legs. She turned to me and I could see that she had one of those shorter haircuts, with light-colored streaks that framed her face. So cute! I had her follow me backstage and we reclined on the prop bed...well, it was a real bed, just used as a prop sometimes. I had brought a towel in my shoulder pack and plopped it down so as not to make a mess, another improvement I'd made to my 'process'.

We kissed for a bit. I used to go straight for the sex, but found that some foreplay helped to set the mood. Also, I was feeling a bit lonely, even with all the ready sex. This girl wasn't a bad kisser, but definitely inexperienced. I realized that I had already forgotten her name.

I unfastened her shirt and felt her boobs, maybe B-cups, through her bra, and she gasped before kissing me harder. Then she shoved me onto my back and pulled at my jeans. What was going on? Normally the players were more passive. I helped her by lifting my butt so she could unfasten and remove my pants, my underwear coming along for the ride. She hopped into my lap, reached down, and I could feel my cock slipping up inside her.

"Uhh..." she moaned as she adjusted herself and then started working my length into her. I had reached my full six inches in the intervening year and a bit, though I still wasn't very thick. She pulled her bra up and shoved one of her hard nipples into my mouth.

I still didn't know what was going on, but it was awesome so I just went along with it as the small cutie bounced on my cock. She felt incredible, tight but wet. I nibbled that nipple and could feel her cum on my cock, which if you've been reading any of the previous chapters, you know usually sets me off. I grunted as my orgasm filled up the mesmerized young woman, and she gasped as her own was extended by the feeling of my hot stuff shooting up inside her.

After we redressed and she left, I pulled the Master Console up. Someone had modified the basic 'fuck me' script! Well, not just anyone...I pulled up the chat.

*Hey u changed the script?*

It took a few minutes -- Trenton de Ruyter was a busy man, after all -- but he replied, *Oh shit! Yeah, was finding zombie sex boring so I turned up their aggressiveness. You like?*

*U know I don't like surprises Trent*

*Sorry* And then he sent an embarrassed emoji.

I considered...it had been refreshing. *It's ok. Just let me know next time pls*

Thumbs-up emoji.

---

"Oh, Owen..."

I drifted awake to the creaking of my roomie's bed as he fucked some chick in the dark. Ergh, and now I was starting to get hard. So much for dropping back to sleep. I buried my head under my pillow and hoped that Owen was a premature ejaculator.

Unfortunately he wasn't, but apparently he was one of those guys who fell asleep right after cumming. Within a few minutes I could hear his light snoring and the girl rooting about for her clothes. Hm, maybe I wouldn't be stuck with a hard-on after all...

I pulled up the Master Console and found her: an attractive Latina named Mariana. I quickly typed out my commands and heard her phone chime. A few seconds later, she shuffled over to my side of the room and climbed into bed with me. Her hot mouth surrounded my erection and I smiled. After a few minutes of oral pleasure, I whispered for her to climb aboard the fuck train. It was only when she started sinking her pussy down on my cock that I realized that I didn't know if Owen's load was already inside her. Luckily, the only juices my penis encountered were hers. I was now balls deep, raw, in the girl Owen had to have safe sex with earlier...how about that, roomie? I didn't say that out loud, but I knew from my previous attempts to get Owen to stop snoring that he slept like the dead so he wouldn't have heard me anyway.

Anyhow, I needed to get some sleep, so I reached up to fondle Mariana's shapely C-cups while I concentrated on my pleasure. Soon enough, I grunted as her nubile, sexy body sucked my orgasm out and I blasted her unprotected depths with my second load of the day. Plus, I realized, if she got pregnant, she'd just assume it was a faulty condom with Owen. Nice! I felt her insides grip me as the 'insemination cum' part of the control script kicked in, and knew that her body was pulling my sperm deeper inside her.

Then it was over. She climbed off, got dressed, and headed out. Other than the profile pic on SpiritWalk, I didn't even get to see her, it was so dark in our room. Smiling, my post-orgasm bliss lulled me off to sleep.

---

"Hey stud, wake up."

I opened my eyes. Owen was gazing down at me with a stern look. Shit! Had he figured out that I fucked his girl last night? "Um...what's up, Owen?"

A toothy grin burst from his handsome face. "Gotcha a date, that's what's up, Vic."

I sat up. "A...date?"

"Yeah, Mari -- the girl I've been hanging out with -- has a roommate and I think you two have a lot in common."

I realized he was referring to Mariana, the girl from last night. "Er, what's she like?"

He good-naturedly tousled my hair. "Come out with us tonight and see, dude."

---

I was nervous at my classes all day. I'd never actually been on a date, ever! And who would it be, that Owen's current beau thought that I'd be a good match? I had misgivings.

I needed to take the edge off so I wouldn't be all pent up for my date, and my physics teacher, Ms. Kincaid, was going to help with that. I'd had her on my shortlist for a while, a late thirtysomething woman with pale skin, curly dark hair, and a rack to die for. She also played SpiritWalk, obviously. Once the class ended, I stuck around and sent her my commands though the Master Console as the other students filed out. Then when we were alone, she went and locked the doors.

"Get up on my desk, Victor," she directed me. Oh, right, the modified script was making her more aggressive. I always wanted to do it, so I swung my arm and knocked everything from her desk onto the floor...papers flew everywhere. Whoo! Then I pulled down my pants and underwear before laying back onto the wooden surface.

"Mmm..." she sighed as she took my hard cock in hand. Then she was sucking on it.

"Yeahhh..." I moaned. She was pretty good at that, but I didn't know how much time we'd have. "Get on top, Ms. Kincaid."

She pulled her mouth off of my cock with a pop and sexily shucked her skirt and panties. As she clambered astride me, I unfastened her blouse and pulled up her bra, releasing those glorious boobs I had wondered about. "Shit..." I gasped upon seeing them, pale and round, maybe a D-cup with large areolas and pebbly nipples, probably the second-nicest rack I'd ever seen. "Ohh..." I moaned again as Ms. Kincaid captured my cock between her wet pussy lips and slid down.

"Huh...huhh..." she gasped as she rode me hard.

I had no idea if she had a boyfriend or girlfriend or what. Considering the latter, I didn't even know if the Master Console would actually work on a lesbian, but it hadn't failed yet and I hadn't exactly been asking my prospective partners their sexual preferences. Something to test in the future, perhaps, I noted. I shook my head...here I was, getting fucked by a hot older woman and I was thinking about experiments! I grabbed Ms. Kincaid's boobs and squeezed, making her groan in a mixture of pain and pleasure. Then I took one of those tits into my mouth and sucked.

"Hngg!" she moaned. I felt her pussy squeeze me a little as she had a small orgasm, but it wasn't enough to set me off yet. I lay back and watched those titanic tits bobble about on her chest as she furiously fucked me.

After a few more minutes of this, she brought her mouth down to my ear. "Cum inside me, Victor," she moaned.

"Ohfuuck!" I cried out as I did just that, blasting my first load of the day inside her unprotected depths.

"Unghkkk!" she groaned and I felt her insides squeeze my cock. "Hkk! Ghhhn!" Her body shook upon mine as her body pulled as much sperm as it could into her thirsty, mature reproductive system.

Finally, we were done and I was feeling much more relaxed, ready for whatever the evening presented.

To be continued...

---

Krosis' home on the web: http://www.asstr.org/~krosis

Fans or pans? E-mail Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)