This is Ramesh 20 male 5 ft 8 inches 65kg well built up body and 
handsome personality working in Lucknow Development Authority 
basically I am from Hardoi, the adjoining district of Lucknow belong 
to Agriculturist family, My sister is maried to Lucknow and I have 
relation with her.
While she was returning home to Sitapur after staying around one 
month with me at Lucknow she desired to meet the Papa and Mom(step 
mom for both of us as our father married second time after death of 
our original mom) and she is quite young around 35 years while i am 
20 and mi sister is 25 so as to fulfill the desire of mi sister I 
accompanied her to fathers house so that she sud also meet the 
father and stay there for one or two days during the course of our 
stay there mom exactly made an idea that there is something wrong 
between both of us. So she desired to leave her to her inlaws safely 
by herself. She smelled out something between us. Hence while 
returning back she accompanied us for sitapur and came back to 
Lucknow to stay with me for few days. The move was welcomed by me as 
I dont want to give her any chance to prove that we were wrong 
though I admitt fucking u r own sister is wrong. 
So she is with me and we are staying in one bedroom set in mahanagar 
in Lucknow as mother and son (father never showed interest in me )
To exactly know mi mom I sud remind u she is second wife of mi 
father first expired and is too young to be asked mother. Hardly 35 
with round face 5 ft 5 inches hight 55 kg wight and nice pair of 
boobs and nice hips Over all assessment is that she is like elder 
sister to us then our mother.
I took leave for two days to give her a round of Lucknow which she 
enjoyed much and was planning to go back to Hardoi but she slipped 
and hurt her back .She was immediately taken to hospital where after 
two days in house treatment Some belt and some ointment was 
prescribed by the doctors. I took her to home and startedf treatment 
at home I use to take her to bathroom where she use to take bath and 
use to tie up her nada etc. Use to change her clothes and during the 
change I came to know about the body propotions of mi mom I use to 
apply ointment on the back of mi mom and thus this practice made me 
a fan of mi moms body and was eager to have a nice fuck but mom is 
mom how can I dare to do this. She was feeling some rest(feelgood) 
after two or three days treatment and was now able to do her work 
herself.
But mi heart was beating for her ,ever since i have tasted the ANAND 
of fucking a bitch I was too much interested in a sincere fuck to 
mom also.
One day i took a dvd of sex (bluefilm ) and in the night after 
bading goodbye to mom went to Veranda which was semi covered and I 
was having Tv Dvd player there , started watching pron movie to 
satisfy my luct and to masterbate. In the mid of film i saw the door 
of mom room opened and mom coming towards me I hurried tried to 
close the Tv but as since I was enjoying masterbation i forgot where 
i have kept the remote of Tv, Mi mom saw a major portion of the film 
before I cud find the remote . the film suggested fucking in between 
mom and son is/ on need based .
After seeing the film mom was too hot and was showing her interest 
in restart of movie as she wished to see it and enjoy it with me> 
The movie started and the actors were introduced it contained Asha 
the mom being fucked by Ajay the son, as father was disabled and mom 
wanted to maintain" Ghar ki izzat Ghar main rahe". After intial 
scene mom started weeping i consoled the mom and asked wat had 
happened she replied that mi son I am Asha of this film as u r 
father is no more a potent man and he is suffering from some dreaded 
deseasehenceFOR THE PAST FOUR YEARS we dont have any sex 
relation.Romesh u r mother is dying and u r looking at the blue 
films.
I consoled her by keeping mi hand on her shoulder and tried to keep 
her chup. She took mi hand from that position to the cleavage of her 
boobs and then inside the bra and requested me to press the boobs. I 
asked her to go naked before me and I will take the charge of u . 
She opened her kameez and salwar and requested me to take off the 
bra and panty .I did obiliged her as I too was hungry of sex but 
showing my unwillingness was a drama. 
Now before me the beauty VENUS was standing i was surprised to see 
the body of mi mom her curves and calves armpit and boobs(solid 
oranges too fresh not riped ) and navel too beautiful which can be 
stubbed with a big diamond. Now came mi number to shed off mi 
clothes i was wearing short and banyanyan which i shedded. we both 
were naked me and mi mom and were ready to start. Mom kneeled before 
me to lick and suck mi lund and took manhood in her mouth up and 
down she was enjoying every moment of life till i cum inside her 
mouth she enjoyed mi cum and now placed mi mouth to her cleanshaven 
pussy to make her hungry. I showed marvellous use of mi tongue and 
make every possible move to make her happy. She was and I was too 
enjoying every possible move to make ourselves calm and enjoy sex. 
No one was in hurry to make sex move means final assault on pussy. I 
took permission from mummy if i can cum inside her pussy. She said 
ok if watsoever u wish sdhe is ready for that but she want full 
enjoyment at the hands of her son.
I placed mi dick on the door of pussy and made a move to enter it 
inside her pussy which i was partially suceeded. and within next two 
three moves it was fully inside the pussy and i started pounding her 
pussy harder way and mstronger way. With every inout she was 
screaming but enjoying too. Every move made by me was welcomed by 
her and fully cooperated in fucking. We did enjoyed till she come 
and showed her willingness for me to come inside her pussy too. I 
cum she made me to clean the pussy by mouth i e tongue which i did 
since commondar was mi mother.
Mother was too much happy and wanted to stay with me for couple of 
days more. Father fulfilling her wisH ALLOWED HER TO DO SO.
We both enjoyed very much in next two weeks of intensive fucking and 
during the course she came to know about the fucking of Ravina, she 
didnot objected when she came to know that Ravina's husband was 
fully impotent and Her seal was broken here by me. She blessed me 
and requested me to ask our father to settled down in Lucknow as she 
and Ravina both want me to make them happy.
 

Hello and wellcome to our new group. this group wellcomes for youngesters of whole world who are looking for some fun in there where singles,couples, and adult enjoying/ sharing thier stories of lust for wet . Hard and erotic interracial encounters. Beauty paradise a place where you can find a everything, whatever u want /imagine .Here u will find best stars, models, and all the things u want. No age gape here!great place for older woman and younger man OR younger woman and older man to interact with eachother. to finds a partner for short/ long or ever lasting relationships.if u r looking for sexy man/woman who like to get their then this place for you.this site ideal for making contacts and meeting like-minded females and males primarily in allover world where events/contacts are being orgnaised.this site dedicated to females and males who like to watch and participate in all erotic girls.We hope you enjoy your stay and meet new and exciting people.If you are interested in joining our group, you must have a YAHOO PROFILE FILLED OUT WITH AGE, GENDER, and some basic information. if u have any photo gallery like young girls, teen n u d e , p u s s y ,toys, panties,thongs,strings, kinckers, pantyhouse, babies, facestting, straddle, t i t s ,stretching figure,naked beautyfull woman,with legs spread and flower like labia, wet pink slits and exposed clits.EVERYBOADY will free to exchange his/her own metarials, REQUESTED to members please exchange best meterial . prefer totaly a unatuaral full body shots,beautyfull faces with breast visible .best poses show females on back ready for action with legs spread wide apart and knees drawn back towards shoulders,smooth shaved prefered but neatly trimmed bush You may post here too but only best pictures, videos links are allowed to be posted, u will recive s e x y e/mails . we assure all group members that all messages they recive will have high quality pictures to see. your search ends here for the sexiest girls, models and stars of the whole world. 
THIS GROUP FOR BOTH BOYS AND GIRLS
