Aloha!
By rsw

Chapter One

“This vacation so royally sucks!” Ashley said into her phone. “I’d so much rather be back there with you.”

“Only you could complain about going to Hawaii to celebrate your high school graduation,” Sue said.

“Celebrate? Ha! I’m here with my stepmom visiting her family. I have no friends and no one to hang around with. My dad isn’t even with us.”

“What about your cousin?” Sue asked.

“Don’t call him my cousin! He’s my stepmom’s brother’s son. That’s it. I claim no relation to him.”

“Surely he’s not that bad,” Sue said.

“He’s only fifteen, and he’s a perv.”

“What do you mean, perv?”

“He’s tried to walk in on me in the shower three times already,” Ashley said. “The door to the only bathroom in their place doesn’t have a lock. The first time, he caught me drying myself off. It was only luck that the towel covered me at the moment that he walked in. Since then, I’ve had to dry off and get dressed while staying behind the shower curtain.”

“Why don’t you just let him have a peek at the gorgeous blond bombshell that is you?” Sue asked, mischievously.

Ashley rolled her eyes at the bombshell comment which so wasn’t her, but that wasn’t the important thing she needed to address. “No way! I don’t even let the other girls see me naked after PE. There’s no way that I’m letting some boy see me. Why would you say that?”

“Because you’re way too conservative about your body. You’re a hot little thing with boobs that are perfect for your athletic frame and a fantastic ass. Be proud of yourself. Show yourself off.”

“You sound like my stepmother,” Ashley said. “She keeps trying to get me to wear more revealing clothes. She made me buy a two piece suit that doesn’t even come down to my bellybutton instead of the nice one-piece that I wanted. I barely talked her out of buying me a bikini, and she was no help at all when I told her that Josh was trying to peek.”

“What did she say about that?”

“She bought his side of the story that it was an accident – all three times! And not even mentioning that those accidents don’t occur when she or his dad are taking a shower.”

Sue laughed.

“Oh shoot,” Ashley said, “it’s just about time to go.”

“Where ya headed?”

“To the beach. My stepmom is taking Josh and me to one of the places that the locals go to that shouldn’t be too crowded on a weekday.”

“See … now that sounds cool,” Sue said.

“True,” Ashley said. “That is one good thing about the vacation. It is gorgeous here, and playing in the sand and waves is never a bad thing.”

“Ashley! C’mon on!”

“Crap! That’s my stepmom. I’ve seriously gotta go. I’ll talk to you later.”
 

Chapter Two

Ashley’s day at the beach went much better than expected. Located at the end of Highway 93 up near Ka’ena Point, the beach was even more isolated than she had been led to believe. During her entire time there, she saw less than a dozen people, and it was truly stunning. Absolutely gorgeous!

The weather was incredible, too. While her friend, Sue, had told her that, even in early June, the temperatures were scorching back home, it was only in the mid-eighties here. With the constant breeze and the chilly water, Ashley actually had to cover up with her towel sometimes when she was out of the water.

The ocean was fantastic as well. The crystal clear water was the prettiest blue that she had ever seen, and the waves were just big enough to be enjoyable without being too much of an annoyance.

Since there was no one else about, she ended up spending most of the day socializing and playing with Josh. He might be a horndog, but he turned out to be fairly pleasant company.

Everything went really well until it was time to go home.

“Okay, time to pack it up,” Ashley’s stepmom, Kate, announced.

Though it was hard to pull themselves away from the gorgeous sunset, Ashley and Josh were pretty much exhausted from spending the whole day fighting the sand and the waves. They not unhappily followed Kate to the restroom area.

At Kate’s instruction, they used the outdoor shower to wash off the saltwater and sand. Kate then threw a bit of a monkey wrench into the proceedings by handing them their large beach towels and telling them to remove their swimsuits.

Josh promptly wrapped the towel around his waist and dropped his swim trunks without any resistance. He then grabbed his bag of clean clothes and headed into the men’s room to towel off and get dressed.

Ashley, however, was mortified at the thought of undressing outside. “I can’t get undressed out here. Can’t I please just go inside to get ready?”

“Nonsense. There’s not a single other person on this beach. Besides, that’s the way people do it here. They use the beach towel to cover themselves while they undress and dress. When in Rome…”

Seeing that arguing was no use, Ashley reluctantly gave in. Luckily, the oversized beach towel covered her completely. With a little bit of maneuvering, she was able to get her top off without exposing herself. With a bit of reticence, she handed the garment to her stepmom. Stepping out of her bottoms was easier from a physical standpoint but made her more nervous. After handing the last of her swimsuit over, she was now naked in public under a towel.

“Now, go inside and get cleaned up and dressed,” Kate told her.

Eager to get dressed once again, Ashley hurried inside the women’s room and headed to the cubicle where she had left the bag with her clean clothes. She didn’t see her cute little red bag anywhere in the empty cubicle. She wasn’t that concerned, though, thinking that she must surely be in the wrong one.

After she finished scouring the entire facility, she panicked. She couldn’t find her bag anywhere. Someone must have stolen it! That bag alone had cost her dad over a hundred dollars. That didn’t even count the designer shorts, and one of her favorite tops had been in it as well.

And her phone! God! How could she live without her phone?

Devastated about losing her stuff, she walked to the doorway and called for her stepmom.

“What’s the matter?” Kate asked.

“Someone took my bag. All my stuff is gone!”

“You left your belongings in a public restroom for the entire day and you’re surprised that they’re not still here? Are you kidding me?”

This was not the reaction that Ashley had been expecting.

“You are the most irresponsible little girl that I’ve ever seen!” Kate yelled. “How are you even thinking about going to college if you can’t keep up with your property?”

“But-”

“Well, this is one less we will start teaching you right now!” Kate said. “If you can’t keep up with your clothes, you shouldn’t have any clothes.”

“You can’t mean that,” Ashley said. “You can’t honestly expect me to ride home in just my towel?”

“Of course not,” Kate said.

Ashley let out a relieved sigh. Her stepmom was finally listening to reason. Would wonders never cease?

“You can’t wear the towel,” Kate said. “It’s all wet and will mess up the seats in the rental. Give it here!”


Chapter Three

All Ashley’s arguments fell on deaf ears. Her stepmom simply would not even consider any alternative. It was to be her way or the highway, and the highway meant Ashley making her way home alone somehow with no money, no phone, and wearing only a towel.

To make matters worse, Josh had finished getting ready and was standing there watching her with anticipation in his eyes.

Desperate, she tried one last time. “You can’t make me give you this towel! I’m naked underneath!”

“That’s it, you little brat!” Kate reached out and snatched the towel away.

As the only thing covering Ashley’s body was whisked away, it was like time stood still in that moment. Even with the sun rapidly receding, there was more than enough light left to fully illuminate her, giving Josh an incredible view of her body, and she was so stunned that she just stood stock still for what seemed like forever.

All of her was exposed, from the tip of her pretty blonde head to her gorgeous blue eyes to her perky breasts with the dime-sized areolas to her slender waist and cute bellybutton to her absolutely shaved bare slit to her perfect legs and petite feet. Not a single inch of her was covered.

“God!” Josh said. “You are so absolutely beautiful. Incredible.”

Ashley felt like the comment should have broken her from her stupor, but it was like the words were muffled. Her mind had a hard time grasping what was happening.

When the magnitude of the event hit her, her main emotion was complete disbelief. It simply was not possible that this was happening. Her stepmom could not have just stripped her totally naked on a public beach in front of a boy.

But her stepmom had done exactly that. And Ashley was standing there, outside, with all of her on show, while a boy stared at her.

Oh my God! Oh my God! She was naked. What should she do?

Finally, it dawned on her that turning into a statue was not the proper corrective measure. All her current actions accomplished was to give Josh a long view of her nudity.

That final horrifying thought finally gave her mind the shock it needed to break her paralysis. She quickly moved one arm up to cover her breasts and used her other hand to cover her most private place. In a panic, she started running in the direction of their minivan.

The rough concrete dug into her bare feet as she sprinted to the vehicle. Though the van was probably less than twenty yards away, the distance felt like miles. She felt like she was never ever going to get there.

It was her safety. Her salvation. She would get there no matter what it took.

Ignoring her stinging feet and her breasts trying to break free of the confines provided by her arm, she kept running. And running. Until she finally reached the vehicle.

She was desperate for the refuge the inside of the van offered. To get reach it, she’d need to open the door, requiring one of her hands. One of her hands that was currently clutched against private parts of her that shouldn’t be on view.

Ashley hated, hated, hated to move either of those arms, but she had to get inside. Choosing to reveal her breasts as the lesser of two evils, she frantically grasped at the door handle and pulled.

Nothing happened. She tugged again and got the same result. The van was locked.

Ashley threw her arm back over her breasts and looked back over her shoulder. Her stepmom and Josh slowly walked towards her. Kate had a stern look on her face while Josh looked like the cat that had swallowed the canary. Why was Josh staring at her so hard with that look on his face?

“Eek!” Ashley yelled.

He was looking at her butt. Her completely bare butt.

Swiftly, she lowered her behind to the ground to minimize what he could see and stayed in a crouched position as they walked up to her.

“Oh, get over yourself,” her stepmom said crossly. “It’s not going to do you any damage for a boy to see your charms. Stand up.”

Stunned by Kate’s command, Ashley couldn’t get a word out. She didn’t move.

“You stand up right now, young lady. I’m not opening the car until you do.”

Knowing that her stepmom would never give in, Ashley meekly stood up. She kept her arms firmly in place over her important parts in front and turned to press her backside against the van.

Josh’s eyes nearly popped out of his head. He’d already seen her naked from almost every imaginable angle, and there was nothing she could do to prevent him from seeing something more. The top and bottom of her breasts peeked out from under her arms, the white areas that had been concealed all day contrasting with the tanned area around her neck. So, too, did the tanlines from the from the bottom of her swimsuit outline exactly the shape it used to occupy on her body.

Kate finally got around to using the keyless entry to open the van. Ashley dashed to the door, opened it, and climbed into the back.

When she finally took her seat, crouching down to conceal herself as much as possible, she looked at Josh. His face was ecstatic.

Why?

Then, she realized the view he probably got when she climbed, back bent and legs spreading, to the back seat. He’d … He’d probably seen all of her.

Her face felt like it was going to burst into flame. He literally had seen her naked from every imaginable angle.


Chapter Four

Ashley sat in the very back with her legs glued tight together, one hand covering the remaining visible area between her legs, and her opposite arm draped across her chest. Josh had turned one of the middle seats around so that he could ogle her the entire way home.

From the driver’s seat, Kate called back, “Where do y’all want to eat? There’s a Subway not too far up ahead.”

“Uh,” Ashley started, “Subway’s don’t usually have a drive-thru, do they?”

“This one sure doesn’t,” Kate said.

“Uh … Will y’all get something to go for me, then?” Ashley asked.

“Don’t be silly,” Kate replied. “You can go in and get your food yourself.”

“I can’t go in! I’m naked! I’d get arrested.”

“I’m sure that no one will mind. You worry too much.”

“I’m not really all that hungry; I’ll wait in the car,” Ashley said even as her stomach growled.

“You can choose to eat or not eat, but you’re not going to stay in the car!” Kate shouted back.

“Actually, Aunt Kate,” Josh interjected, “I’m a little beat myself. I’d rather just go through the drive-thru at Burger King.”

“Are you sure?”

“Yeah, that would be great for me.”

“Okay,” she replied, “a Whopper sounds good to me, too.”

Ashley couldn’t believe that Josh had come to her aid like that. He had just spared her a lot of embarrassment. She smiled at him and mouthed the word “thanks.” He grinned in return.

The ordering process went a lot better than she had any right to expect. Their minivan’s back windows were tinted, so she was pretty sure that no one could see in. Though it was a little nerve racking seeing all those clothed people inside the restaurant while she was so naked just a short distance away, the time passed quickly, and they were back on the road before she knew it.

The problem came as Josh extended his hand to give her the salad and drink that she had ordered. Ashley didn’t know what to do. There was no way she could eat the food, or even grab it, without exposing herself to Josh.

Then again, would that be the worst thing in the world? After all, he had already seen pretty much all of her … if not actually all of her. And he did save her big time just then. The mortification she would have experienced going into Subway would have been unbelievable.

She stared at him as he eyed her expectantly. Clearly, he wanted to see more of her.

God! Was she really going to do this?

Her arm trembled as she peeled it away from her breasts and grabbed the food. She kept her legs tight together and placed the packaged salad her lap, covering the same area her hand had been concealing. She tried to ignore the fact that her unencumbered breasts jiggled constantly as she rushed to finish her meal and that Josh had a completely unobstructed view of each and every tiny movement.

She stuffed a forkful of salad into her mouth, and a dab of cool dressing squeezed out. It lurched downward, falling right onto the pale area next to her hard nipple. Both her and Josh froze, staring at the smudge on her previously pristine untanned skin.

She needed to get it off her boob, but she hesitated, unsure how to proceed. Josh seemed just as uncertain.

Finally, she tentatively reached a trembling thumb up to wipe the dressing away.

As soon as skin contacted skin, though, she realized her mistake. The touch of even her own hand on her bare breast was too much for her to take. Unable to resist, she gave her perky flesh a quick squeeze with her full hand.

It felt good. Really good. Her eyes closed.

Overcome with the sensations caused by her gentle ministrations, she closed her eyes. Her other hand drifted down her stomach. Down. Down. Under the salad. Toward her sex.

God! She wanted those fingers so badly. She needed to cum. The thought of the explosive orgasm that was sure to erupt through her made her moan.

Josh cleared his throat.

Josh. He was watching her. She was being watched.

Her eyes flew open. Her hands retreated.

At first, she was mortified about what had just happened. Then, she realized that he’d saved her from making an even bigger spectacle of herself. She smiled warmly at him.

She found that she … didn’t mind all that much that he was staring at her naked body. It wasn’t nearly as bad as she’d thought it would be. He seemed … appreciative. And he wasn’t doing anything creepy.

Even after she had completely finished eating, she kept her arms by her side.
 

Chapter Five

When they arrived home, Ashley waited until Kate had unlocked the front door and Josh was standing outside the van before exiting. Her plan was to dash from the vehicle’s location in the front driveway into the house as quickly as possible with her most important bits covered by her hands.

Her hopes were ruined halfway to the house when her stepmom said, “Not so fast, young lady.”

Ashley sputtered to a stop.

“Don’t think that you’re getting out of helping unload,” Kate said. “Get all the trash out of the van and put the beach chairs in the outside storage before coming in.”

Ashley was incredulous. Surely she didn’t have to run around the front yard completely naked. But she was beginning to understand that that was exactly what her stepmom wanted.

God!

Better to just comply. Trying to argue would just prolong her exposure.

Ashley turned around and went back to the minivan. Without thinking, she leaned in to grab the Burger King sacks and empty drinks that littered the inside. When she had finished, she noticed Josh standing directly behind her with a huge grin on his face.

She didn’t understand at first exactly what had made him so happy. He had, after all, been staring at her naked body for the last hour.

Then she suddenly realized what a view he must have had when she leaned over to get the trash. Her face turned beet red.

Holding the trash up against her lower body with one arm, she attempted to regain some of her modesty with the other. The effect was short lived, however, as she had to uncover her breasts in order to lift the back door of the van. As quickly as she could, she grabbed the three folding chairs and clutched them against the front of her body.

As she struggled to close the door, she realized that she had attracted an audience. One of her “uncle’s” neighbors had been driving by and had come to a complete stop in front of the driveway. She was mortified by the additional attention but couldn’t really think of any way out of the situation.

She completed closing the door and took her load to the storage unit on the side of the house, all the while with her bare butt facing Josh and the neighbors. Luckily, the storage unit provided a lot of shadows, and she was pretty certain that she couldn’t be seen from the street while she stowed the chairs and dumped the refuse into the trash can.

With her hands now free, she returned them to their positions strategically covering her assets in front and walked to the front door.

“There, it’s done. Happy now?” she asked her stepmom with an insolent tone.

“No, I’m not happy,” Kate said. “I have an irresponsible stepdaughter who can’t keep track of her clothes and who becomes bratty when she’s being punished. I don’t think that you’ve learned your lesson yet, so I’m going to give you a choice regarding the rest of your punishment. Your first choice is the lose of all clothing privileges for the rest of the week …”

“You want me to stay naked for four more days?” Ashley shouted.

“Don’t interrupt me again, young lady, or you’ll get both punishments instead of either or. The next words out of your mouth should be to answer which of the punishments you want. Understand?”

Ashley nodded in affirmation, grimacing at the humiliation of being dressed down in such a public manner in addition to being forced to remain butt naked on the front lawn.

“Your second choice is to drop your hands to your side, turn around, and walk slowly down the driveway to the street. Once there, turn back around and walk, slowly, back to here.”

Ashley couldn’t believe that her stepmom wanted her to completely show off to Josh and the neighbors. The thought of a naked, uncovered journey to the street and back terrified her. On the other hand, who knows what kind of tortures and how many people she’d be exposed to if she had to stay naked for another four days.

“I’ll take the second option,” she replied, meekly.

“Good choice. Now, if your pace is too fast or if you attempt to cover your body at all for any reason, not only will I make you repeat your performance but you’ll lose all your clothing privileges for two weeks. Drop your arms.”

Ashley forced her arms to her sides revealing all of her glorious teenage body to her stepmom. Shaking with nervousness, she turned to face the rest of her audience.

Josh looked awestruck at the situation, in clear disbelief that his aunt was making his step-cousin expose herself to him and the man and teenager in the car.

God! It was the most embarrassing, humiliating, mortifying experience of Ashley’s life. She was terrified as she bared her hot body to three males.

Four sets of eyes followed the nude girl as she started down the driveway. The man and teenager jumped out of their car to get a better look. The teenager held up his phone, obviously videoing her.

Ashley froze at the sight of the lens pointing at her. It took all her resolve to resist turning and running inside or, at least, to cover herself. She remembered what her stepmom had said about the consequences of such an action, however, and had no doubt that Kate would follow through with them.

She couldn’t believe this was happening to her. From a nice, normal day at the beach to walking totally naked in front of two teenage boys and an old man, with one of them immortalizing the event. How could this possibly happen?

With no other choice, she willed herself to continue down to the street, hoping against hope that somehow, someway nobody she knew would ever found out about it or, worse, see that video. By the time she passed Josh and got to the edge of the road, the man and other teenager had moved just in front of her. They were almost touching her. She was sure that the camera was now so close that her pubic area that it would be picking up absolutely every detail of her down there.

She shuddered. A boy she didn’t know had up close and personal images of her private areas and there was nothing she could do about it.

God! She felt so … tingly … down there. Her nipples were rock hard, and fluids dripped from her nether regions. She wanted nothing more than to run to the bedroom she was sleeping in and frig herself.

Instead, she kept her pace slow and steady as she turned back around and walked to Kate.

“May I please enter the house now?” Ashley asked submissively.

“Yes, you may,” Kate said.

Ashley ran to her room. She threw on a nightgown faster than she ever had and did not emerge from behind the closed door for the rest of the evening.
 

Chapter Six

The next morning, Ashley had just started stirring when she heard a knock on the bedroom door.

“Who is it?” she asked.

“It’s me, Josh. May I come in?”

Ashley paused a moment before reluctantly answering, “I guess.”

Josh opened the door and walked into the room, finding a seat on a clear spot on top of the low chest of drawers.

“I wanted to talk to you about last night,” he said.

“Why? I just want to forget about it.”

“Come on. It wasn’t that bad, was it. You’re a beautiful girl. Completely hot with a great body and pretty face. Was it that bad showing off a little?”

“It was completely humiliating. I hated it.”

“I think maybe you might have liked it at least a little.”

“What do you mean?” she asked.

“Well, I couldn’t help but notice that you were a little bit, uh, aroused.”

Ashley’s face grew so hot that it must have glowed red.

“And,” he said, “well, the guest room that you’re staying in is right next to mine and, uh, the walls are a little thin…”

Oh God! He heard her last night. She had thought that everyone was asleep.

“Look, I know that you’re embarrassed, but it’s okay,” he said. “Really. Guys like to see girls naked, and some girls like to be seen naked. It’s perfectly natural.”

“How do you know so much about the subject?” she asked.

It was Josh’s turn to blush as he replied, “Well, I like to read stories about such girls on the internet.”

God! Too much information!

“Look,” he said, “Since it appears that you might like to show off a bit and since I definitely like seeing you show off and since Dad’s at work and Aunt Kate went shopping so we’re alone in the house for a while …”

“What exactly are you asking?”

“Would you like to undress for me?” he asked.

Ashley was speechless. Absolutely speechless.

Her first inclination was to slap him and throw him out of the room. But she didn’t. Why didn’t she?

Instead, she thought a moment before saying, “I need to take a shower.”

She got up, gathered her clothes, and walked down the hall to the restroom.

Ashley used the long, hot shower to think about what had happened the day before. She had been completely embarrassed and humiliated. She had been forced to show her completely naked body off to four different people. Her shame was almost unbearable.

On the other hand, Josh had been really sweet about the situation. Could she really blame a teenage boy for wanted to see her naked? Furthermore, he saved her from the situation at Subway. Who knows what her stepmom would have made her do? Josh had no idea that he was going to be able to see more of her later, and he was willing to pass up a great opportunity to save her the indignity.

Finally, she had had the best orgasm of her life last night. Josh was right. Her exposure had turned her on.

Despite everyone exclaiming how cute she was, she’d really never had much luck with boys. The other girls all dressed so much more provocatively, and she could never bring herself to do that. Last night, though, she’d done so much more, and she was still alive and kicking. If she was being honest with herself, she’d even found it a little bit fun.

What was it to be, then? Return to her prudish ways or embrace change? Continue to be a shy, reserved girl or say, “Aloha!” to an outgoing, confident young lady?

She made her decision.
