Beyond the Blue, part 1		by lennoxbear@gmail.com

The following is an erotic story involving gay relationships and male to male sex.  If such offends you, leave.


Five years.  In the overall scheme of things, five years isn't much.  But Jim and Al were about to mark five years as partners and that seemed like 
a major accomplishment.  They had other partners prior to this but nothing ever seemed to work out.  Not that their time together these last five years wasn't marked with disagreements. Somehow, someway, everything always worked out and came together.  They had known each other previously and when the situation arose that brought them together, they made commitments to themselves to make this one work.  The people around them, co-workers, friends, family, all waited for the other shoe to drop, but things didn't come unraveled.

Al angled the big monster between his legs into the usual small tight space and enjoyed the feel of power.  The big sleek beast had become his trademark.  He sat in the cool pre-dawn morning air and gunned the motor a few more times.  Just in case anyone had missed his arrival.  The cream and teal Fat Boy sent echoes of hog power through the canyon of brick buildings.  He had battled all winter with the urge to drag out the monster Harley and ride.  But the long cold, unpredictable northeast weather kept the beast locked in his garage under cover.  He had his garage heated just so he could spend time cleaning the chrome and shining the machine into perfection.  His other prize was an early 90's Ford F-150 with every creature comfort imaginable.  The truck bed was rigged to haul the Harley on trips.  He couldn't bear to be separated from it for any length of time during the warm spring, summer and fall seasons.  It was his true love, until now.

He felt the engine purring loudly between his legs and enjoyed the heat of the vibration in his cock and balls.  The Fat Boy wasn't the only big monster in his life.  He groped his crotch and adjusted the growing dick in his faded tight jeans.  One quick flip of the key and all was silent.  He swung his thick, beefy leg over the bike, hiked his package to the proper side and walked across the asphalt to the door.  Another morning at work.  His dusty, beat up boots crunched the loose asphalt crumbs as he worked his way through the myriad of pickups, SUV's, and decked out sports cars.  All signs of the personalities of the men who owned them, his co-workers.  Definitely a dysfunctional lot.  His full, round muscle butt flexed as he sauntered across the dark street. Al had "the walk."  The way of sauntering or strutting one gets after years of lifting iron and doing martial arts.  His big thighs made sure his knees would never come together when he walked.  He stooped to pick up one of the snug leather gloves he dropped in the street.  He slapped it against his thigh to get the dust off and just missed getting hit by one of his buddies flying into the lot with a monster Dodge Ram.  

The horn blast was to get Al to move but the driver knew better.  He laughed as the big man grabbed his crotch and squeezed.  He could see Al mouthing, "Bite me," as he drove by and then laugh.  It was all a morning ritual.  The macho world in which they lived.  Bo swung his truck into a space and slid out of the high-rigged joy of his life.  The thick black man behind the bushy moustache caught up with Al at the door and smacked him on the butt.  Al waved it at him again and Bo swung and missed.

"One of these mornings, I am going to knock you on that can."  Bo laughed and held the door open for his buddy.

"You're just jealous cause you ain't getting any of this prime meat."  Al stopped at the inner door, looked Bo straight in the eyes then bust out laughing.  He threw his arm around the big man's shoulders as they headed for the locker room.    Bo was no stranger to lifting either.  He had even competed in a few bodybuilding contests but gave it up cause he felt out of place being a natural competitor surrounded by the huge roided-out boyz.  Al felt the thick traps and delts flex under Bo's tight sweatshirt and felt his cock express interest.

They signed in at the duty desk, grabbed cups of coffee and idly strolled to the locker room.  The beefy men stood sullenly in front of their lockers.  They looked at each other, sighed and slipped their keys into the age-old locks.  Bo flopped down on a bench kicked off his high-tops and stretched his long, muscular legs.

"You watch any of the game last night?"  He slyly looked up at Al as the big man carefully hung his leather coat over an inside hook and pulled off the Gold's gym sweatshirt.  The furry abs then the massive fur-covered pecs came into view as the shirt gave up the fight.  It was a habit of theirs.

"The usual.  You know Monday night football or baseball and me.  Doesn't matter.  I'm zonked out by half-time, haven't seen a whole game in years."  Al rubbed his iron pumped pecs as if to fluff the fur and undid the belt buckle.

"Maybe if you didn't spend all your time on weekends whoring around until all hours of the night, you could make it through a Monday night game."

"It's having to be at work on Mondays that wears me out, not being a whore on the weekends."  Al shot him a knowing grin and kicked off his boots.  Al was pretty sure Bo knew his story but wasn't telling.  He had caught sight of Bo working one night as he stumped out of the Garage, a notorious biker bar in town.  Gay biker bar.  Bo had to have known it was him arm in arm with another big man, each groping the other's crotch.  He never said anything and Al appreciated the loyalty.  If that truly was what it was.  Al dropped his jeans to reveal the dark, fur covered globes of muscle butt.  He hung the denim remnants in the locker and stood naked in the cold room.  Men all around getting dressed paid no attention.

"Aren't you ever going to buy any underwear?"  Bo stood up and modeled the latest low-cut briefs he sported.

"Those nelly things again?  And I ain't referring to the briefs.  Why buy and wear what no one sees?"  Bo adjusted his fat black dick in his briefs and chuckled.  

"You sure got balls, boy."

"Thank you for noticing."  Al cupped his big low-hangers as he pulled up his uniform pants.  Bo shook his head.

Jim ran into the locker room and quickly started to change.  Clothes flew into the locker and a shoe clattered across the floor.  The big six footer fought to catch his breath as he stripped out of his jeans and shirt and hurriedly began pulling on his uniform.

"Morning sunshine."  Al slapped Jim's beefy blond butt almost knocking the man over.  "You have time.  You aren't late."  His partner looked at him and sighed.  He took a deep breath as he buttoned the crisp blue shirt over the big, square blond fur-covered pecs.  His equally fur covered forearms flexed with each botton.  He smiled at Al and shook the man's hand good morning.  Al had a calming effect on him despite the big man's outwardly gruff appearance.

"Linda, she's on the damned rag again about having kids.  All fucking night.  Makes a man want to cut off his balls."

Al leaned closer and whispered. "Now that would be two big shames buddy and you know it."  Jim laughed and felt the tension of his home life leave.  He pinned the badge into place on his shirt and wiped off a fingerprint.  Al faked checking his hair in the shiny badge as they headed for the squad room.  Al always liked this part of the day.  The rush he got walking into the squad room filled with uniformed policemen.  They were a relatively younger lot and all were in pretty decent shape.  The donut rumour didn't apply for this force.  He sucked in the scent of men.  His big dick, unencumbered by underwear reminded him of his preference.

They sat in their usual seats to the right of Bo.  Al watched as the beefy black man's thighs flexed as he sat down.  He looked at the big man's butt and the outline of the round pecs and for a moment thought how hot it would be to suck on those full round bronze nipples.  The warmth of Jim's meaty thigh against his on the other side brought him back to reality.  Jim's long legs filled the space in front of him.  Al looked at the handsome blond face and steel blue eyes and took a long breath.

"You OK buddy?"  He smacked Jim's leg to get his attention.

"Yeah, just thinking about Linda.  I'll tell you about it later."

They listened intently as the duty officer gave the report and made assignments.  They both groaned as they once again drew the beast-mobile, as they called it.  The men all got up to head out on their day and Al once again took in the hot scene of men that he loved so much.  He teased Ron, the duty officer.

"When are you going to retire this forsaken piece of crap Lumina.  It has more miles on it than Jim's wife's vibrator."

"And that's a lot of miles."  Al gave Jim a surprised look.

"Hey, it runs don't it?"

"Yeah, downhill, we can only chase the bad guys downhill."  Al took the keys and grimaced.

"Let's hope they approve the budget this week and we get a couple new vehicles."  Ron was as tired of the beat up clunkers as his men were but his hands were tied.  "There's always number 73, the Crown Vic."

"Home of Earl the fart boy, I don't think so."  Jim pushed Al out the door and across the lot to the faded 
black and white Chevy.

"Well, the tires are still round."

"But for how long?"

Al watched as Jim slid in next to him and maneuvered his muscular body into the worn seat.  He had grown to enjoy his time with his partner and looked forward to sharing work time with him.  Jim was a big, blond kid who had grown to be a huge muscle bound man under Al's guidance.  Five years ago they were paired and no one gave it much hope to work.  Al had the reputation of being outspoken and gregarious.  Jim was young, quiet and naive.  He had very shyly asked Al to give him some pointers in the gym.  That lead to their becoming workout partners in addition to cop partners.  In five years, Jim had become a streetwise smart cop.  His work with Al had built his confidence.  They complimented each other well.

Where Al helped Jim develop into a good smart cop and solid partner, Jim helped Al loosen up and show his fun side.  Anyone looking at Al probably would think mean, nasty dude.  The thick, former competitive bodybuilder and martial arts instructor looked like someone who would as much punch you out as be your friend.  Who knew under that tough, Harley riding gruff exterior was a bright witty man with a visious sense of humour?  They helped each other grow immensely in five years.  Jim wangled the good side out of Al.  Al soon found he had lots of friends on the force.

Al listened patiently to the daily trials and tribulations of Jim and his wife Linda.  From the beginning, Al didn't quite understand why they were together. Their good times were far outnumbered by their off times.  Jim trusted Al completely and confided in him constantly.  Jim just didn't know Al's secret.

Al spent the morning tooling the aging police beast through the city streets watching for signs of trouble.  It was a very quiet morning.  Jim extolled the virtues of single life and made numerous comparisons to his married life to support his theories.  To Al, it seemed like Jim hated being married.  Unfortunately, Jim had been raised with the usual American value system and seemed determined to be one of the unhappy married masses.  Jim was unusually animated this morning as he retold their latest sexual attempt to conceive children.  It seemed Linda hated sex but felt it was her womanly duty to bear children and drove Jim nuts to fuck her.  Her contribution was to lie there quietly as Jim pumped away hoping the magic spell would work.  It hadn't.  Jim confessed keeping it hard was becoming a problem.

"Do you know how hard it is, no, actually, that's the problem it isn't hard when she just lies there?  It's like trying to stuff a boiled wiener into a stale bun."

"So, we'll be skipping lunch today."

"Man it takes like forever to get off when it isn't hard.  Then, I bet the little fuckers don't get much of a shove and give up swimming real soon after."

"Yeah, I hate when it isn't hard."  Al fought the mental image of Jim's big, beefy body pumping away at his listless wife.

"I don't know what to try to keep it up.  Shit, I wish she gave head, she doesn't even do that for me.  Maybe then it would stay up long enough."

Al glanced at the big man slouched sideways next him and noticed the outline of his hefty piece of meat.  "Have you tried thinking of someone else, porn, maybe that would help?" Al licked his lips and banished the sight of Jim's naked body from his mind.

"Fuck, I can't bring porn home.  She'd kill me."

"Sounds like she's already doing that.  So, buy it and leave it in your truck, or keep it at my house."

"You have porn?  Wha kind?"

"No, nothing, don't use it."  Al lied thinking about his collection of Colt and Falcon stuff.

"No, you're probably out boinking a different bitch every night." 

"Boinking?  Bitch?  Could we be a bit more politically correct? And I'm not out every night looking for women."  That much was true.

Jim let out a long low sigh.  "Damn, I hope she gets pregnant soon."

"Tell me buddy, do you really want kids?  It's not like a puppy you can give away if it doesn't work out."

"Yeah, sure, I don't know, I think I do.  Oh fuck. Let's stop for lunch."

"OK, no wieners."  Al headed for one of their favourite diners.  Jim liked it cause the food was plentiful and cheap.  Al like it cause the waiters were mostly gay muscle boys.  He bounced the car into the parking lot and lurched into a space.  He stood beside the car, stretching his thick body.  Jim walked around and watched.

"Don't you even own any underwear?"

"Thank you for noticing, I didn't think you cared."  Jim's face went bright red.  Al loved teasing him from a gay perspective, it always pushed Jim to be equally irreverent.

"You know I do.  At least if it were you, I could probably stay hard."

"I'm flattered."  They claimed two stools at the counter and waved at the biggest beefiest waiter.  He came over, poured them two big cups of coffee and slyly winked at Al.  Jim paid no attention.  They sat with their thighs touching as they ate.  Al enjoyed the heat from his partner's big thigh and excused himself to hit the men's room.  He stood at the urinal peeing as his dick rose to full erection.  Damn. He had to quit thinking about Jim that way.  Jim walked in and Al struggled to stuff his long dick back into his uniform pants.  If Jim saw, he didn't say anything.

"I got lunch, tomorrow's on you.  We gotta run, check out a domestic about six blocks from here."  The rest of the afternoon was pretty much run of the mill stuff, auto accidents, drunks, kids playing their music to loudly, nothing out of the ordinary.   They were glad when the shift wound down and they headed back to the precinct to change.  As they got back into their street clothes, Al felt Jim's eyes watching him.

"What?"  Al slipped his jeans back over his bare ass and tucked his dick to one side.

"We doing the gym?  You're getting bigger.  You holding out on me with some miracle supplement?"

Al shrugged.  "No, just a stack a doctor friend of a friend had put together.  Seems to balance all the right stuff, I feel really good and pumped when I take it."

"Looks pretty good."  They walked out together to their respective vehicles.  Al threw his leg over the Harley and roared out of the space and down the street.  Jim followed in his pickup.  They arrived at the gym within seconds of each other.  Not ones to waste time in the gym, they quickly changed and hit the iron.  Jim had only been a fair to middling lifter before partnering with Al.  Al focused on each task and worked Jim hard and fast.  They had a lot of fun together and entertained other gymrats with their jokes.

The bottom line was a quick efficient workout that added loads of muscle to Jim's frame and kept Al in the peak of condition. Al often followed his workout with a martial arts class two or three times a week.  His 6'1" body was loaded with tight muscle and lots of soft dark fur.  They worked well together as a unit at work and even better as workout partners at the gym.

Tired and dripping with sweat they stripped out of their stained clothes and headed for the showers.  Jim stood under the strong spray and let the heat soak the hurt from his body.  Al stood and soaped his massive muscle and admired the long lines of Jim's blond body.  He lowered his hands and realized he was rock hard and throbbing for anyone to see.  He quickly ducked back under the spray and rinsed off.  He was standing in front of his locker completely naked pondering his long fat cock.

Jim walked in and laughed at him.  "Thanks for leaving me all alone in there carrying on a conversation all by myself dork.  The guy's will think I am a total loony-tune."

"As if they don't already."  Jim snapped his wet towel at Al's taunt abs and Al retaliated by grabbing him in a bearhug.  The hot damp skin against skin soon made Al's cock rise.  He pushed Jim away and sat on the bench.  Jim's big uncut dick flopped from side to side only a couple of feet from him.  Al took a deep breath and pulled on clean socks.

"You know what a week from Friday is doncha?"  Jim pulled his sweatshirt back on and sat next to Al on the bench.  He pulled his jeans over his pumped thighs and zipped up.

"Yeah, that's when they paired me with you as a partner schmuck."

"Aw, you remember, I'm touched." Al just looked at him and the two big men sat and laughed.  "So you want to do something to commemorate the event?  Dinner?  Sex?"

"Of course, I'm ready if you are."  Al picked up his bag and headed for the door.  "Let's think of something tomorrow." He tied his bag to the back of the Harley and straddled the metal monster.  His cock crushed against one side of the tank as Jim shook his head in agreement, slapped his partner on the back and walked across the street to his pickup.  He watched as Al practically sailed down the street, engine echoing from the brick buildings.  He unzipped his jeans and straightened out his hard cock.

"Oh sure, now you get hard but you couldn't do that last night for the wife."  He drove home slowly hoping tonight wouldn't be a repeat of last night's sexual frustration.  He thought about Al and how easy going he seemed to be as a single man and how he wished he hadn't gotten married so soon.  Linda was toiling over dinner when he walked in and kissed her on the cheek. She mumbled hello and went about fixing their meal.  He walked upstairs to the bedroom, threw his dirty gym stuff in the hamper, walked into the bathroom for aspirin and took a piss.  He stood watching the yellow stream, thinking about their workout.  His dick stiffened and he gave it a few strokes feeling it harden in his hand.  The foreskin slid sensually over the sensitive head.  A few drops of clear precum oozed onto his fingertips.  Absentmindedly he squeezed and felt the velvety hardness of his fat cock.  Whatever else his body might have lacked before discovering the gym, he had always had a big cock.  

He was really beginning to enjoy his handjob when Linda yelled up the stairs that dinner was ready.  He gulped down a couple of aspirin waited a few seconds for his dick to soften and stuffed it back into his jeans.  As he took his place at the table he attempted small talk, and Linda dished out her idea of dinner.  Jim found himself thinking that at least it was healthy.  The dinner conversation was mostly one-sided as Jim bantered away and Linda smiled wanly.

"So, a week from Friday is mine and Al's anniversary.  Five years since we were made partners on the force.  You want to do something with us, dinner maybe?"  Linda stopped in mid-bite and thought about it.

"No, you guys go out and do something.  I'm not up for a night out with two police kids.  I'll watch a movie or something."

"Well, OK.  I'll let you know what we decide to do in case you change your mind."

"I won't."  Linda got up to clear the table.  Jim helped her in the kitchen and soon they were finished with dinner.

"What do you want to do tonight, anything special?"  Jim secretly wished her answer would not involve sex.

"I think I'm going to watch TV.  There's a good movie on the romance channel."  She headed for the family room.  Jim opted to go to the basement where he had organized his own little world.  He flopped back in his big ugly recliner that Linda wouldn't let upstairs and clicked on the TV remote.  He flipped through a few channels and settled on a rerun of an old World Strongest Man competition.  He relaxed and idly watched the huge musclemen compete in the rugged events.  The fact that he was idly rubbing his dick and it was rock hard and oozing never entered his mind.  It just felt good.  A martial arts program came on after that and he sat engrossed in watching a man who was very similar to Al in looks, demonstrate various moves.  His dick was getting his attention now.  Linda didn't appear to be in the mood for sex and he figured he needed the sexual release.  He pushed the recliner all the ways back and like some horny teenager jacked off his fat cock.  Cum shot out onto his furry abs.  Shit. No rag handy.  He carefully got up from the chair and cleaned himself up in the basement bathroom.

The handjob felt good. He felt relaxed and at ease.  As he read the paper, he heard Linda upstairs sobbing over some stupid movie.  At 10, he headed upstairs to bed.  He was brushing his teeth when Linda came in to get ready for bed.  She laid her work clothes out for the next day and fussed with her hair.  He stripped out of his jeans and shirt as she hid in the bathroom changing into her nightgown.   Six years of marriage and she still didn't like to change clothes in front of him.  He sat on the edge of the bed, pulled off his socks and scored four points in hamper basketball.  His briefs showed a small wet spot where his cum had leaked after his dropping a load.  He slid under the covers figuring she would never know.  She slid into bed next to him and turned out the light.  Jim leaned over to kiss her lightly on the lips.  She only returned the kiss out of a desire to get to sleep.  He lay in the dark bed and thought about, nothing really.  He turned on his side and got comfortable.  Minutes later he was asleep.

Al turned on his side and threw his arm over the man in bed next to him.  He nuzzled his spent cock against the hard butt he had just fucked.  The man's scent reminded him of something. He couldn't quite figure out what.  They slept a couple of hours before the guy got up to go home.  They both had to be up early for work.  Al locked the door behind him and stood naked in the hallway scratching his balls.  He had just had sex with one of his best fuck buddies and still he felt out of it.  He brushed his teeth, looked at the scraggly face in the mirror, flexed his massive pecs a couple of times and crawled back into bed alone.  He sighed and spread out on his back.  The alarm obscenely woke him at 6 AM.


To be continued, comments, suggestions, let me know?	Lennoxbear@gmail.com
                                                    Beyond the Blue (C) 2008



