Author: mypenname3000
Title: The God's Passionate Love Book Two: The Thief's Passion, Chapter One: Leashing the Thief
Summary: Illina can't refuse the paladin of law's offer to rob the Goddess of Crime's Vault.
Keywords: MMF fantasy magic oral preg exhib voy

Copyright: 2022

Visit my blog at http://mypenname3000.com

Note: Thanks to WRC264 for beta reading this.

Illina  The Free City of Raratha

I pried out the stone in the alleyway. It was covered by a refuse bin that my lover, Barg, moved out of the way. Standing over me were the two people who had both saved my life, offered to hire me to do something I'd always wanted to attempt, and also posed a danger to me.

Could I trust this Paladin of Lagu, Goddess of Law, who was hiring a thief to break into a vault? Not just any vault, of course, but Cernere's Black Vault. The strongroom of the Goddess of Crimes. Where she stored the items she'd purloined from the gods. Sir Bryce claimed hiring her didn't break any of his oaths because the items were already stolen.

Which would be true.

He was offering everything I wanted: a way out of Raratha, freedom to my debt to the crime boss Fox, and the opportunity to break into the Black Vault. When a deal offered everything you wanted is when you have to be your most cautious. Greed got more thieves killed than anything else.

My mother's ninth rule. 

She had many such rules about how to stay alive and be a successful thief. She had taught them all to me before she'd went on her last job. To break into Cernere's Black Vault. She'd never come back. She'd died in the attempt.

And Bryce claimed to have been the man who hired her to do it. Could I survive what my mother failed to do?

Yes.

This is where I hid my notes on the subject, I said to Monica, the priestess traveling with Bryce. She was my age, young but with a naivety about her. She came from a sheltered life. Protected. Pampered. She wasn't spoiled. Wasn't obnoxious. She was just optimistic. A smile burst on her face as I stared at her. She wore white robes that clung to the curves of her youthful body. Her brown hair was gathered in twin braids, hair pulled back from her smooth face. Brown eyes shone with bright delight.

And you hid them here? she asked as I heaved the paving stone to the side. Beneath lay the sandy dirt the alley was built on. A pouch lay there, leather oiled to be waterproof. I picked it up and felt the papers inside, my mother's notes on the Vault. With it was the necklace I'd stolen from Lady Alloria Valis Korvan.

Robbing her had landed me in my current predicament. Most noblewoman wouldn't have noticed missing the few baubles I'd stolen off her body when I'd seduced her and made love to her. That was my old con. I'd been posing as a young noblewoman, going to the parties of the merchant-lords of Raratha, and seducing their wives into lesbian passion.

I'd make them cum, steal the jewels off of their body, and leave them satiated and oblivious to the theft. It had been a fun few months, but then I robbed Lady Alloria. Since then, she had the entire city looking for me, spending a fortune. Sniffers on all the gates and docks to keep me from getting out, and spells warding the city wall to trip if I tried to go over them.

I had to make a deal with the halfling crime boss, Fox, for protection and to smuggle me out of Raratha. He'd agreed, but I knew he wouldn't let me go. He wanted me to work for him, and he saw a chance to own me. I agreed to do a job to pay for it, a job I wasn't supposed to be able to complete.

He'd ordered me to steal the entire fortune of Lady Alloria's husband. He was a prosperous merchant-lord. Raratha, like all the other six independent city-states along the Nimborgoth, were centers of trade. Where wealth gained through commerce was more important than who your parents were and what pretentious title they gave you.

Things went badly during the robbery. The bastard Lady Alloria hired to hunt me down, a vile dwarf named Kurg Widowmaker, had attacked me in the middle of the job. He'd broken my lover's back, unleashed his pet bugbear on me, and Monica and Bryce had to come to our rescue.

I did kill Kurg, though.

This is all my notes and my mother's on the vault, I said to Sir Bryce. The paladin wore plate armor, his head left uncovered. Like Monica, he was a Secaran human, coming from the lands to the north. Pale skin, like her, though he had black hair he wore cut short. He had no humor in his face.

Not surprising for a man who served the Goddess of Law. He should be handing me over to the authorities for my crimes here in Raratha, but he needed me for something more important.

That was something I needed to remember. He needed me now.

When he didn't...

Well, that was tomorrow's problem.

So, let's get out of town, I said. I'm ready to leave. I glanced at my lover, the rhythm of my heart speeding up as I stared at him. He was alive because of Monica's healing magics. 

Barg, wearing a toga like those who were native to the city, nodded. Like me, he looked human. He had skin as black as midnight, not that richer brown of a Halanian desertman, and had no hair on his body. He was a barguest. A race cursed because of their ancestor's crimes. He could transform into a dog-like creature and had to spend a portion of his life as that.

There were a few other differences about him, including his cock.

I think Illina and I can both agree that the sooner we vacate Raratha, the better, Barg said, his voice bright and loquacious. 

Fox is not going to be happy with us, I added.

Fox? Monica asked. The young woman, practically a girl even though we were the same age, gave me this curious look.

Halfling who controls much of the underworld of Raratha, said Sir Bryce. He rose to power in the last year through aggressive actions.

And he is hard for me, I said. Literally. I was sucking his cock to buy myself room and board.

He is very much enamored with Illina, said Barg. And not just for her skill as a rogue.

Oh, it's mostly my thieving skills, I said. Fucking me was just his bonus. He's a halfling.

And? Monica said, looking confused.

Did she truly not know about halflings. They were a dual-sex race, like humans or dwarfs, but they had an imbalance in the number of their sexes. For every one male born, there were seven females. That sort of imbalance has led to halfling males having stamina and lust. After all, they routinely marry a harem of women. 

And halfling women seemed content to serve their lovers or husbands.

He's a horny bastard, I said, leaving it at that. Shall we get off the street at least. He'll be searching for me.

Our inn, said Sir Bryce. If he tries anything, we shall defend you.

I stared at the paladin. A holy warrior. He would have magics as well as his skill with a blade, and Monica herself had powers, too. She could attack with her strange magic gifted to her by carrying the child of a god.

Pater, the Father of All, the first God, might be a halfling himself. He sure fucked enough women. He had screwed half the goddesses, most of whom were his daughters or granddaughters, as well as beautiful women of various races. Some became pregnant and gave birth to demigods.

The baby in her womb gave Monica abilities she could harness for as long as she was pregnant.

So, this thief wants to kill Pater? I asked as we headed out from the alley.

He is a bitter man, Sir Bryce said. He desires to punish Pater.

Who is he?

Dangerous.

Really? I rolled my eyes. I fell into step beside him, my new toga wrapped around my body. My old one had been ruined in my fight with Kurg. The guy wanting to kill a god, let alone Pater, is dangerous. I'm stunned.

Is she always like this? Bryce asked Barg, looking past me.

She has little patience for idiocy, Barg said. So you can understand why she wishes to get as far from Fox as possible.

I burst into laughter and smiled at my lover. He had cared for me after my mother's death. I had seduced him, of course. He was my mother's lover, and I wanted to be better than her in every way. To show her I'd learned her lessons so well I outperformed her in every possible category.

I'd fallen in love with Brag just as she had. And he'd fallen in love with me. Not surprisingly since I looked identical to my mother. The same red hair and elfin face. We had the same petite figure, small breasts. Our nipples would be the same shade, our pussies holding the same flavor.

We were clockworks, a race constructed by the God Krab and then made into flesh by the God Las's cum. We didn't reproduce but build replicas of ourselves out of the semen of the men we fucked. I had the last load Barg fired in me stored in my uterus. It wasn't enough to fashion a daughter. I wasn't even sure I would fashion a daughter any time soon, but after he nearly died, I wanted a bit of him in me.

The afternoon was stretching to evening as we marched through the city. We made a strange group, all of us foreigners. My red hair made me appear Tuathan, a race who lived in the Lesh-Ke Mountains to the east, until you noticed my skin had a strange sheen to it that humans lacked. 

It made me appear unusual. Made me stand out. I normally used a cream to hide it and blend in.

I'd have to see my alchemist. I needed supplies for this robbery. A giddy thrill ran through me as we moved through the crowded streets. Blue-skinned Valyan humans, the most common residents of the city, flowed around us. They wore their togas, light linen against the warmth of the day. People glanced at us, melting out of the way.

Their inn was near the northern gate. Close to freedom. Raratha lay on the southern coast of the Kingdom of Valya, though it was independent of the larger nation. Vast olive groves surrounded the city, the secret of its wealth. The oil made from the fruit was traded across the inland sea of the Nimborgoth, and up the major rivers that led into the interior of the continent. 

The patrons in the common room all stared at us when we entered the inn. The innkeeper greeted Bryce and Monica with an unctuous and ingratiating smile. He bowed and spoke to them in flushing tones as we passed through.

My companions are fatigued, was Bryce's answer.

Of course, of course, the man said. It's just I heard stories of a knight fighting a monster in the city. A madden beast who rampaged and inflicted grievous damage. And I thought of you and your martial presence.

It was him, Monica said, sounding like a young woman besotted with a man. She had the sort of love that could be dangerous.

Beware the desires of your heart, for it shall feed lies to your reason to deceive you into the pursuit of satisfying your wants.

Another of my mother's many rules. The fourteenth one.

He was so gallant, gushed Monica, staring up at Sir Bryce with that sort of blind love. Her heart whispered all manner of deceptions to her. Would that matter? Paladins of Lagu hunted criminals. Their word was trusted more than any other. I was so frightened for him, but he fought that nasty bugbear and killed it.

It broke the law, Sir Bryce said in such a cold way he might as well said, I would have let it murder the entire city if it were legal.

What had happened to this man to so squeeze the humanity out of him? Was he just that guarded of his emotions? What had driven him to become a Paladin of Law? To serve something as abstract as the rules of society. Not Justice, who was a different goddess, but Law. He didn't care about redressing wrongs or punishing the wicked, just stopping it from being broken in any way possible. He would not care about mitigating circumstances. Stealing to feed yourself or to enrich yourself made no difference to the man.

And he hired me?

I am honored to host you, Sir Bryce, said the innkeeper. I will inform everyone that our great hero is staying here.

Do as you will, the paladin said, marching by. We are leaving come the dawn.

Of course, the innkeeper said, something dying in his eyes. He wanted to use this to drive more business here. It was the sort of honest greed you could trust.

My companions will need a room. Next to mine, Bryce added as he marched upstairs. 

I'll ready it now. 

Barg and I followed the paladin up the stairs. He would want to keep a close eye on us. My instincts screamed at me to run. Not to trust anyone, but I wanted to get out of the city. And I wanted to break into the Vault. Now was the time. I wouldn't have a better chance. I would only get olderyes, I would live longer than humans, but not forevermy body wearing out more and more, slowing down my reflexes.

I could do it. I was a better thief than my mother. 

The knight swept into his room and placed his helm on a chest of drawers. His room was adequate. The bed looked comfortable, the bedding appearing clean. Monica sank down on it, clearly her bed as well. 

I must place my parole upon you, Bryce said. A collar binding you to me.

I stiffened. That will let you track me across the world.

It will be the only way the authorities let me march you out of here. I will remove it.
Right, right after you march me to a magistrate after I've 'recovered' whatever it is you need from the Vault? 

I serve Lagu, not Iustia. Whatever crimes you've committed were not before me. Why would I need to deliver you to the magistrate?

So I shouldn't commit any crimes before you then, huh? I asked, arching an eyebrow at him.

I would advise that, he said. I shall remove the parole from you once we're out of the city. I promise.

I studied him. He gave his word, with a Paladin of Lagu, that meant it carried the same force as the law itself. The authorities knew I was behind the robbery of Lord Korvan and would not let me walk out the gates. Won't they expect you to deliver me back here?

Perhaps. Sir Bryce fixed me with hard eyes. I never promised that I would. Nor that you would answer for any crime.

I didn't like this. Another collar? One that got me away from Fox and put me into trusting this man. What were my odds of staying in the city? Fox would be after me now. I was running out of resources. I had the necklace I'd kept from Lady Alloria, but it wouldn't fetch me much.

And my fence was one of Fox's halfling wives.

Fine, I said. Paladins of Lagu never broke their words. How do we do this?

There are two ways, he said. One of pain often used on the unwilling, and one of pleasure for the willing.

Oh, so you're going to fuck me? I asked. I hadn't felt a stirring of lust from the man. 

Or I can hurt you, he said, his eyes showing nothing. He didn't care which I chose.

Oh, by all means, fuck me, I said. I was used to using my body. Barg wasn't the jealous type anyways. He'd seen me being used by Fox without it affecting him. I want to eat out Monica while you do it. I mean, my lover got to enjoy her pussy. I'm curious what she tasted like.

I liked both, men and women. Between the two, women edged out men slightly. Well, save for Barg. No one could beat my barguest in bed whether in his human or monster form. Both gave me such pleasure and rapture.

He glanced at her and, to my surprise, seemed to be asking her permission. I had a feeling it wasn't for me to eat her out.

To bind her, she said. I understand. Like when I healed Barg.

You two are monogamous? I asked in some surprise. 

We are, Monica said, a smile on her lips. I never thought I would be, but for him...

You didn't meet too many like that in Raratha. I heard it was more common in villages. Were the pair married? How did her being bred by Pater fit into it? 

Well, then let's have some fun, I said and unwound my toga. In moments, I was naked, my small breasts jiggling. I sat down on the bed and parted my legs, flashing my hairless twat. Unlike many human women, I didn't shave. I didn't have to.

It took a few minutes for Monica to help Sir Bryce out of his armor. It wasn't the best garment to wear when preparing to ravish a girl. It just made me hornier and hornier as more and more of his muscular body was revealed. He might be in his middle years, but he was as fit as any young buck. His eyes stared at me.

Around his neck, he wore a white-and-black checkered locket. A Lubenite symbol. He'd been married by priests of the God of Love, who insisted on monogamy in their vows. Luben was, perhaps, the only God who didn't have an affair, something that couldn't be said about his wife. Biaute, Goddess of Beauty, cuckolded him left and right. She'd sleep with any god, but he'd sworn an oath to be her husband. Her lusts were the reason that their child, the son of Love and Beauty, was Las, God of Lust.

You're married? I asked as he stripped off the leather pants he wore beneath his armor. 

Not yet, said Monica. She touched his locket with a reverence. The criminal we hunt killed his wife.

Something black entered the paladin's eyes. Pure hatred. Distilled rage. A cold, black sea of fury for the man who'd stolen his wife from him. A lot of things were making sense. You weren't always a Paladin of Lagu.

She sponsored my quest, he said. I serve her to bring justice upon my marriage. He took my wife from me, and I shall take his life from him!

A shiver ran through me. This man had sent my mother to rob the vault, and she died. He hadn't even shed a tear. Now he recruited me to try a decade later. He wouldn't weep if I died, either. He'd gladly expend my life for his vengeance. He wasn't after justice, just murdering the bastard.

Did Monica see it?

We're going to avenge her, my love, Monica said. 

We shall, beloved, Sir Bryce said. Emotion stirred in his voice then. Not rage, but something almost triumphant. He savored her love. He took pleasure in it. 

Maybe something human beat beneath his chest after all.

She kissed the locket again, then she opened her robes. Her heart-shaped face turned to me as she bared her round breasts. Pink nipples topped those delicious tits. I shuddered, a wet heat birthing between my thighs. Her stomach was flat, her pregnancy not showing at all. She kept her twat shaved, juices already beading on her.

She stared at me, and hunger kindled in her eyes. Her hand fondled Sir Bryce's cock and stared at my twat. She was no stranger to eating cunt. I smiled, a wicked idea popping into my head. How well did the knight eat pussy?

Both of you, eat me out, I moaned. Get me wet and ready for that cock. Your man has a nice one. Not as nice as my Barg's, but I suppose you'll never get the pleasure of finding out.

I do not need the pleasure of finding out, she answered. Sir Bryce's manhood gives me all the rapture I need. When his cock is inside of me, I feel wonderfully complete.

Our eyes met and we shared this moment. We were both women who loved our men. She might be nave, but in that instant, we understood each other completely. She wouldn't spend my life as cheaply as drunk spent his coin on wine. If I could win her to me, she could be the voice whispering in Bryce's ear.

A reminder of his humanity.

Come, let's share her together, Monica said, her hand pumping up and down his cock. We are already having sex with her, we might as well enjoy ourselves.

He glanced at her, an almost troubling look crossing his face.

I was going to marry a priest of Pater. A man who already had four wives. Sadness flickered across her expression for a moment. So, don't be surprised that I want to share you with a woman. This might be our only chance. Let's enjoy her. Show her that you can eat pussy as well as me.

He groaned, his cock throbbing in her hand. He nodded. Once. It was enough to make her coo in delight.

The pair advanced on me. Barg watched, his dark eyes drinking in my body. He would fuck me so hard once we were done here. The best part of fucking others was how passionate Barg was when I returned to him. So competitive.

I loved it.

The paladin and the priestess crawled onto the quilted blanket of the bed. The frame groaned, the down-filled mattress shifting beneath me. They both leaned down, Monica still stroking his cock with her right hand, her left landing on my thigh. Her touch was light as she slid over my smooth flesh. I shuddered as she caressed lower and lower. My pussy clenched, the heat building in me.

Then his strong hand fell on my left leg. Callouses from wielding a sword adorned his palms and fingertips. The roughness contrasted with her feminine softness. Their heads lowered, cheek rubbing into cheek. He has stubble. She would feel that masculine sensation.

She smiled.

The pair nuzzled into my pussy. I groaned as they kissed at my cunt. Their lips both found my hairless pussy. His whiskers rubbed on my shaved vulva. Her smooth face felt amazing on me. I shuddered at the two different mouths at my snatch.

They licked me. Their tongues flicked out, sliding over my flesh. I groaned, my back arching. The bliss shot through my body. It rippled down to my cunt as their tongues caressed up and down my folds. I whimpered and groaned, my hands going to my small tits.

I glanced at Barg. The front of his toga bulged.

Mmm, they're both licking me! I whimpered, a feverish heat rippling through me. Cernere's black cunt, they are sliding their tongues up and down my flesh. They are driving me wild.

Undoubtedly. they are, he said. You have a great deal of passion in you, Illina. You shall shower them in it.

I will, I said and gave a wicked giggle. Just bathe them in all my cunt cream.

Delicious cunt cream, moaned Monica. Her dainty tongue fluttered up and down my folds, stroking past Sir Bryce's. Don't you agree, my love?

She does have an... exciting flavor, Sir Bryce said, his eyes flicking up to me.

Mmm, I do, I moaned, kneading my little titties. I slid my fingers up and pinched my nubs.

Their two tongues fluttered up and down my folds. They stroked me. Teased me. They did such naughty things to me. It was incredible to enjoy. I groaned, shuddering on the bed as they teased me. They drove me wild.

I loved every moment of it. They licked up and down my flesh. They made me feel amazing. I groaned, the pleasure building and building. Sir Bryce's tongue dove into my pussy. He swirled it around, his whiskers caressing my sensitive folds. Her tongue found my clit.

She nibbled on my little bud with her soft lips.

Cernere's black cunt and nimble fingers! I gasped, my body trembling. I pinched my nipples. Is this your first time sharing a pussy?

Yes, moaned Monica. She flicked my tongue again.

You two are good at sharing! I gasped.

I follow his lead. Monica swirled her tongue around my bud, playing with it and brushing my pussy lips while Sir Bryce plundered my pussy.

The paladin knew how to please a woman. That dead wife of his must have been happy to swear a vow of monogamy. If he ate her out with this much enthusiasm, she must have been ecstatic. I shuddered, my thighs rubbing on their cheeks. One smooth the other rough.

I loved it. 

My pussy clenched on his tongue while my orgasm built faster and faster. They were doing such wicked and wanton and naughty things to me. I groaned, loving every moment of it. My pleasure built and built. I squirmed on the bed. Whimpered.

Barg watched with his hot eyes.

He stared at me with that hunger. I smiled at him. Eager for him to do such wicked things to me. Oh, I wanted him to join. I could suck on his cock while the paladin and the priestess feasted on my cunt.

Gods, you two are going to make me cum hard!

Good, growled the paladin. He licked up and joined Monica's tongue brushing my clit.

She let him have it as she kissed lower. Then her tongue thrust into my pussy's depths. She moaned, enjoying my salty twat. She purred in delight, her brown eyes smoldering in passion. They both had lust in their eyes. They teased me. Pleased me. The pleasure built and built in me.

I would cum so hard. My thighs squeezed about their heads again. I held them tight as the paladin sucked on my clit. The pressure on my bud had me shuddering. Bucking. The rapture shot through me. I groaned, my body trembled on the bed. I humped him against him, reveling in this wonderful delight.

Barg! I moaned, my gaze finding my lover. I stared at him, savoring the look of hunger on his dark expression. His eyes smoldered. I'm going to cum.

Then drown them! he said.

The rhythm of my heart sped up. My nervous system drank in the pleasure the pair gave me. I trembled. Whimpered. The heat swelled in me. I pinched my nipples hard. Sir Bryce sucked on my clit. Monica's tongue danced through my pussy.

Oh, Gods, yes! I gasped. Pater's big dick and Cernere's black cunt!

My orgasm exploded through me.

My pussy convulsed and writhed. My juices gushed out. A hot flood that squirted from my convulsing flesh. I whimpered and moaned. I bucked on the bed, the cream gushing out of my twat. It rushed through me, a wild flood that squirted out of me.

I whimpered and moaned, reveling in every moment of this bliss. In the rapture of my orgasm. My nervous system lit up with the bliss. My heart's rhythm grew so wild from them feasting on me. Devouring me.

Oh, Gods, I need that cock in me! I moaned. I need to be fucked. To eat your pussy, Monica. Come sit on my face!

Yes! Monica moaned.

She lifted her face from my pussy, my cream dripping off her chin. She moved up my body, her round breasts swaying. Her brown eyes were feverish with lust. She stroked her hand up my body, her breasts grazing mine as she went in to kiss me.

She stopped, her lips inches from mine, and straightened. Her breasts pulled from my small boobs. She spun around and straddled me with ease. Her shaved pussy hovered over my mouth. Her sweet musk filled my nose. 

She lowered herself to my mouth and planted her snatch on my lips.

A snatch bred by Pater, the Father of All. The First God.

Her cunt planted right on my face. I groaned at the delight of her juicy twat sitting on me. She squirmed from side to side, smearing her vulva across my face. Then my tongue darted out. I penetrated her I licked and lapped at her, reveling in the taste of her. My tongue caressed through her flesh. Her juices poured down into my mouth. 

She tasted delicious. An absolute treat for me to devour. I plundered her bred pussy. A god had found her so beautiful, which I could believe with those perky tits and her heart-shaped face, that he'd ridden his rainbow down and then mounted her.

Fucked her.

Pater's cock had been in her snatch. My tongue danced around inside of her. I stroked her, devoured her, reveling in the sweet taste of her. She wiggled her hips from side to side. She smeared her hot cunt on my lips. Juices trickled into my mouth as my tongue reamed her.

Oh, my love, fuck her, moaned the priestess. She arched her back and pressed that bred snatch tighter on my mouth.

My pussy clenched as Sir Bryce's cock pressed into my entrance. I shuddered, loving the feel of him against me, poised to enter me. My tongue darted through his woman's folds. I caressed the depths of Monica's cunt, her cream flowing into my mouth.

So wet and juicy.

With a growl, Sir Bryce thrust his cock into the depths of my pussy. He filled me to the hilt. His cock battered at my cervix, setting alive my nervous system. This wild pleasure surged over me. This heat that swept through my body. My cunt squeezed down around my cock. The pleasure rippled through my body. 

My tongue danced through her depths as his cock filled me. Nice and thick. A wave of pleasure shot through me. My pussy gripped him as he drew back. My nervous system burst to life with the bliss. It traced through my nerves to the gears of my mind.

I moaned into Monica's cunt. I stirred around in her as she squirmed even more on my face. Her pussy felt hotter. Her moans throatier. She liked watching her paladin fuck my pussy. It made her wet and juicy.

Yes, yes, fuck her, my love, moaned Monica. Work that big dick in and out of her. Ooh, she's stirring up my pussy. I'm going to cum on her face. And you're going to cum in her pussy. That's so hot. We're sharing her.

Yes! growled the night, his voice thick. Full of his masculine strength.

His balls smacked into my taint. He drove his cock hard and deep into me. He fucked me with his passion. I shuddered, my cunt clinging to that big dick. The pleasure rippled through my body. I held his hips with my thighs, undulating and stirring my cunt around his thrusting dick.

The pleasure rippled through my body. It built and built with his every thrust into me. With his every plunge. It was incredible to experience. I groaned out my delight. I reveled in the feel of that dick stroking my pussy's walls.

My hands gripped her thighs. I held them tight as my tongue plundered her pussy. I stirred it around inside of her, sweeping it back and forth, reveling in the delicious taste of her cunt. Her sweet cream filled my mouth while her shaved pussy lips rubbed on my face.

Her cute ass flexed before me. She wiggled it from side to side. Her back arched, her twin braids dancing back and forth, brushing each other while her moans echoed through the room. Sir Bryce fucked me harder, his hands roaming my body.

Yes, yes, play with her titties, gasped Monica when the paladin engulfed my tits. Mmm, massage them. Enjoy them. Look at how delicious they are.

Sir Bryce didn't answer her. He just slammed his cock deep and hard into my cunt. He buried to the hilt in me again and again. My pussy clenched around his girth. My toes flexed and relaxed. I moaned into Monica's twat, the pleasure building and building in my own.

His thumbs massaged my nipples. Pleasure sparked through my nervous system. My cunt gripped his cock. I held him, increasing that friction, driving me closer and closer to cumming. My tongue thrust deep into Monica's cunt.

Oh, yes, Bryce, my love! gasped Monica. She's going to make me cum. Ooh, the way she moans into my twat... Your cock is giving her pleasure.

You'd know, I moaned between licks.

I would, she gasped. I love it when he's in me. Just like you love it when your Barg is in you.

I shuddered, wishing it was Barg fucking me. His cock fit my pussy just right. He felt like he was made for my cunt. He was wonderful to have in me. I always reveled in him plundering my cunt while waiting for the best part of his cock.

His knot.

Cernere's black cunt! I moaned and drove my tongue deep into the priestess's cunt.

Oh, yes, yes, Slata's hair twat, she moaned, cursing with the name of Pater's second wife, the Goddess of Womanhood. Swirl that tongue through my snatch. Just like that. I'm going to cum on your face. Oh, yes! I'm

Her words cut off in hungry kisses. She shifted, squirming. They were kissing each other as they fucked me. I shuddered, my orgasm swelling faster and faster. My pussy clenched around Bryce's dick. His cock was bringing me towards that amazing eruption. Her clit rubbed across my lips.

I sucked on it.

She squealed.

Her sweet cream gushed out of her cunt and bathed my mouth. That wonderful cream spilled over my lips and tongue. I shuddered and licked it up. I drank her yummy cum. I reveled in it. My body bucked on the bed while the pleasure surged through me. It was exquisite.

Amazing.

I drank down the cream flooding out of her. She squealed into his kiss. My tongue plundered her cunt, feeling her walls spasming from her climax. Sir Bryce slammed deep and hard into me. The paladin's nuts smacked into me.

Cernere's black cunt! I gasped, my body hurtling towards my pleasure. Gods, yes!

I came.

A stupendous bliss that surged out of me and shot through my nervous system. I bucked on the bed. Stars danced before my eyes, the pleasure overloading my senses. My breasts jiggled beneath his massaging fingers. My cunt rippled about his cock, sucking at him.

He slammed deep and hard into me. Monica squirmed her bred pussy on my face. Her juices bathed me. I drowned in them while her lover's dick buried to the hilt in me. The paladin growled with each thrust. He buried so hard. So fast into me.

I heard him break the kiss, Monica panting and whimpering. His dick plunged to the hilt in me.
Erupted.

Lagu, he growled as his seed boiled into my pussy, bind this criminal to my care so that she may have her parole free of shackles. If she violates her agreement, let the sentence pass. 

As my orgasm burned through me, I felt the magic settle around my neck. A tight collar of energy. It sank into my skin as my orgasm rippled through me. My pussy milked his cock. I groaned into Monica's pussy, my heart's rhythm thunderous.

He grunted as he flooded me. He pumped his seed into me. I quivered through the bliss, leashed to him. He was my warden now. My jailer. He'd better keep his promise. I hoped he would. 

Was I falling prey to my mother's fourteenth rule? 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Lady Alloria Valis Korvan

My new tool took me to see this thief boss. Fox.

Today was utterly disastrous. My husband had half his fortune stolen by that bitch. Illina. The thief had stolen my most prized possession from me: my sapphire necklace. It held the enchantments that kept me young and attractive. That let me seduce rich men and twist them into being my wife.

It wasn't the only tool I had, men who fucked my pussy found themselves wanting to do things for me.

Swift, as the Zeutchian fencer called himself, had learned that. He'd enjoyed my cunt when he came to report on the failure of Kurg. The blond, handsome, and dangerous man had strutted in to deliver the news of Kurg's death and that Illina had escaped.

Again.

Now my husband was ruined. Soon his enemies would take him down as he went bankrupt paying off all the debts that would now be called on him. A man who lost half his money couldn't be trusted. I needed to act fast while I still had access to what was left of his fortune. I had to cut deals to get back my necklace so I could seduce my next merchant-lord.

Like Lord Servin, my husband's rival.

We have to go down here? I hissed when Swift led me to a sewer entrance. 

Fox's lair is down here, said Swift. The fencer glanced at me. He had a gallant face. If I found men at all attractive, I would call him beautiful. I enjoyed using men. When they entered me and my pussy's enchantment sank into their minds, it brought me such joy. To turn them into my eager toys was such a rush. I'm sorry. I can go myself. Speak to him.

No, I said. I will cut my own bargain with Fox.

The smells were atrocious. They took me back to the squalor of my distant youth. I would never live like that again. Only the finest comforts. For two centuries, I had seduced my way from lover to lover, provider to provider. I had paid dearly for my necklace to that mage.

And that Gods-cursed bitch stole it. I hoped Illth, Goddess of Pestilence, gave Illina a pox that rotted her cunt and turned it into a vile cesspool. Then no one would be seduced by her beguiling beauty.

The skill of her tongue...

It wasn't a long walk before Swift said, They know we're here, but they're letting us pass.

Who? I demanded, looking around the dark, wet tunnel we were in. it hadn't rained in several days, thank the Gods, so the floor was mostly dry. My shoes would be ruined by the mud though. 

His women, he said. We've been spotted. They're moving around us.

Women?

He's a halfling, said Swift. Fox.

Oh. A smile crossed my lips. I could put up with a lot to get my necklace back.

From before us, stepped a halfling woman dressed in tight britches and a band of cloth around her breasts. They were plump enough that though she had the height of a child, she didn't have the body of one. Mature and lush, her metallic-bronze skin reflecting in the light of the lantern held in Swift's hand. Her hair had a metallic red hue. She beckoned and then slipped into a passageway.

We followed. It groaned closed behind us, leaving us in a tunnel that was much cleaner. It led to another door. Beyond, was a large room with lanterns burning throughout shedding light. Pleasant aromas filled the air. In the center of the room, on a pile of pillows and surrounded by four halfling women, was Fox. He had to be. He had that cocky look of a man enjoying the sluts around him. His skin had the same bronze hue as the women, his body muscular. He looked strong despite his size, a nasty scar crossing his cheek.

Lady Alloria Korvan, he said, his eyes flicking to the side.

A large pile of sacks sat there. Several were open, gleaming with gold dupondius. Half of my husband's wealth. I flicked over it.

You are a beautiful woman, Lady Alloria, Fox said, staring at me wrapped in my toga, but no pussy is worth that much money. I don't know why your husband sent you, but...

He's going to take a poke of you, said one halfling. She had a knife in her hand that she ran the tip over her nipple. She burst into girlish giggles while staring at me with a look of pure menace. A desire to plunge that knife into flesh. Mine, maybe.

My skin crawled.

I don't care about the money, I said. Have it. Keep it. My husband's an idiot for losing it.

A lucky idiot since we were interrupted robbing him, said Fox, his eyes narrowing. Or he'd have nothing.

Well, life is full of reversals, I said. I just need my necklace back.

Fox flicked his eyes to a different halfling woman. She fondled his cock and gave a slight shake of his head. Fox returned his gaze to me. We have found no necklace so far. But we haven't fully counted our gains.

The halfling women laughed. The one who'd let us in was now naked and snuggling up to the bloodthirsty giggler with the dagger. Another poured herself wine as she watched the pile of feminine flesh around him.

Illina has it, I said. I want it back.

I can do that, he said. He glanced at the giggler. 

Oh, yes, I'll carve it out of her. She pressed the dagger's tip tighter against her nipple, looking on the verge of cutting it off.

What will you give me to return your property?

The rest of my husband's wealth, I said without hesitation. You didn't get it all, well, I can arrange for you to claim every last dupondius you missed. I can get you in and out of our estate. You can drive it off in a wagon or something.

The greed in his eyes flashed. Such a loving and loyal wife. Lord Korvan is a lucky man.

Yes, he is, I said, sauntering forward, Swift heeling me. Do we have a deal?

I think so, but... He glanced down at his cock, then at me. I like to get to know the women I bargain with better.

I smiled in delight. My pussy clenched. I unwound my toga, eager to bed this halfling male. He had an impressive cock. This would be easier than I thought. The cloth slipped off my body. It fell down to the ground in a pile of silk. 

His eyes fixed on my large breasts. He licked his lips. I smiled. I was still young and beautifulI had to be still gorgeous given the way he was staring at me. It would be years before the aging would be noticeable. I had time to get back my necklace.

I did.

I would get it back and see Illina dead.

I sauntered towards Fox, my pussy getting wetter and wetter. Quick whimpered behind me, staring at my ass. He wanted me, too, but he'd gotten his one taste of my cunt. It was time for a more influential male to enjoy it. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Stefan Halian  Central Valya

We left the Blath hills behind as evening wore on.

My angelic half-sister clung to me as we rode together on Magistrate, my horse. Ahlona's arms clung to my body, pressing tight the blue robes I wore, marking me an apprentice mage of Thosi. I had abandoned my schooling, my last chance to take the test and attain the red robes of a journeyman to save the life of my father. 

The God Pater had bedded my mother. I hadn't known that. My mother had always told me my father was a great man. That I was special. That I would have a destiny. For years, especially after her death, I assumed that she was just a mother praising her son.

Then Ahlona had appeared in my bedchamber in the Collegiate Tower, the heart of the Magery of Thosi. She had revealed my destiny and informed me that the criminal who murdered my mother now plotted to kill Pater himself.

I would stop him. I would save my divine father's life.

Before us scampered the shade of the goblin Verdik. The chieftain had been hired by the man who killed my mother, the bastard we hunted, to raid a Temple to Pater in southern Secare. They had butchered the priests and allowed the criminal to ride off with a leywife. A woman pregnant with Pater's child.

My half-sibling.

She was important to the criminal's plan. 

With my magic, I'd bound the shade to me. It was a power that should be beyond my skill, but Ahlona's faith in my divine blood had been proven correct. Now Verdik followed the criminal's trail, eager to see him dead.

The sun set behind us. Our road led us south towards Raratha. We were gaining on the criminal every day. When we found him, we would destroy him. But before I defeated him, I had to know why he murdered my mother.

Why did he hate Pater so much?

The Gods didn't know. His identity was cloaked by powerful magics. Slata, Pater's wife, sent Ahlona to me in hopes that my demigod nature would allow me to track him down where immortal means had failed.

Sons and daughters of Pater often lived heroic lives. We found our destinies in spectacular ways. Mine was clear.

In a few days, a week, we would find him and end this.

To be continued...
