"Upstairs," Harry said, hastily pulling the man up off his knees and guiding him to the second floor.

"You know, I don't want you think I'm taking advantage of you," Harry babbled as he admired the way Snape's pert white arse-cheeks clenched and swayed as he walked up the stairs. Had he thought that arse was only decent? It was beyond decent. It was marvelous. It was an arse to write sonnets about.

"That is, it won't just be all about me. I've got plans, uh...big plans, and all of them involve us being naked and sticky. With each other, that is. I'm sure we're quite capable of being naked and sticky by ourselves. Has anyone ever told you you've got a gorgeous bum? A positively, mouthwateringly, delectable bum?"

"On occasion," Snape answered, standing submissively at the top of the stairs. Harry grinned wolfishly. "This way," he gestured, then changed his mind. "In here."

Harry pulled Snape into the bathroom, and quickly conjured up lit candles, soft classical music and a tub full to the brim with lavender-scented bubbles.

"Ah, Sir is a romantic," Snape said, looking down at his nose.

"Will you get in the bath please?" Harry asked, quickly shucking off his remaining clothes.

"I am yours to command," Snape softly reminded him. "There is no need to ask nicely."

"Right," Harry said, pulling his underpants off so quickly his erection rebounded and slapped itself against his stomach. He gave it a few apologetic tugs. "You. Bath. In it. Now."

Snape nodded. "As you wish."

Within minutes they had sorted themselves out. While leaning over the side of a cold ceramic tub with his arse waving in the air was not one of Harry's favourite positions, he was quite sure he could put up with it forever, as long as Snape continued to do what he was doing.

"Snape," he panted, as the Potions master drew the soapy flannel up and down Harry's crack. "Enough teasing. Do it!"

"If Sir is quite sure," Snape asked, his thumbs dipping and rubbing between Harry's cheeks.

"Sir is sure," Harry screamed. "Sir is very fucking sure that if you don't get your fucking tongue in me, Sir is going to freeze in this embarrassing position and fucking never..."

Harry squealed like a pig stuck in mud. One thing he could say about Snape, the man knew how to take direction. There were no initial forays into the area - no teasing nibbles, no playful nips, no light kisses - within seconds, those long, stained fingers pulled Harry’s cheeks apart, and Snape's sadistic tongue became friends with Harry's twitching anus.

"Holy...smegging...shit," Harry gasped as Snape mercilessly thrust and sucked at his hole. "You're a master at this. You're a god! I can't believe we haven't done this before. Fuck Snape, you could give lessons in rimming. You deserve an Order of Merlin first class for services to rimming. If I looked up rimming in the dictionary - “

Snape growled and Harry came so hard he thought he'd popped a testicle. When his breathing and eyesight had returned to normal, he turned and lowered himself into the still warm water. Snape was smirking and rubbing the soapy flannel across his chest. Harry slumped against the side of the tub, bumping his knobbly knees against Snape's delicate ones.

"You know," Harry said, removing his glasses and splashing water onto his face, "I quite enjoyed that."

"Really?" Snape asked, the flannel dipping lower and over his stomach. Harry caught a glimpse of a reddish, large cockhead floating tantalizingly near the surface.