My Exhibitionist Neighbor
by Master Jonathan
Copyright© 2022 by Master Jonathan

Chapter 1

My name is Daniel Winters and I am the regional sales manager for a major corporation, the name of which I can’t really say. But it’s not relative to the story anyway.

Part of my job was to oversee the younger less experienced people in my department. It’s a part of my job I’m not real thrilled with, to be honest. Wet nursing a bunch of upstarts just barely out of their Pampers was not what I envisioned when I took this promotion!

The promotion was a sizable one, however it required I relocate from my current Philadelphia 2700 miles west to the much warmer climate of San Diego – a serious move to be sure!

I had never been west of Mississippi in my life. In fact, I’d only been to Chicago twice and once to Cincinnati once – the rest of my life had been spent on the East Coast. So to say I was out of my element would be a great understatement!

A condition of this job offer was that the company would put me up in an apartment for as long as I needed until I found a place of my own. So at least I didn’t have to worry about getting an apartment right off. And the company would pay to move me as well, so I had nothing to complain about I guess. Except for leaving everything I ever knew for that strange land called California with their ocean on the wrong side. It would take some getting used to going west to reach the beach!

I had been in sunny SoCal for a couple of months and the “apartment” they had given me was basically just an extended stay hotel. And trust me an “extended stay” at this hotel wasn’t what it was cracked up to be.

So I set off to find someplace a little nicer and more home than hotel. I wasn’t ready to buy a house just yet – both because I still wasn’t 100% sure this is what I wanted to call home and because the move had put a kink in my finances even with the company paying for a lot of it.

So I picked up a couple of those free “apartment hunter” guides sold in newsstands and started seeing what there was to choose from locally. I didn’t need anything big, after all, it was just me so a one or two-bedroom was fine. I wanted to live in a decent neighborhood – living in Philly all my life I knew what perils the big city could contain.

Finally, I didn’t want to live on the ground floor because I didn’t want people looking in my windows all the time. I liked the sunshine and wanted to keep my curtains open a lot during the daytime. But I also didn’t want to live in the nosebleed apartments either – I would have to haul groceries up to my apartment and didn’t want the hassle of a lot of stairs or taking multiple trips up a long elevator ride.

It took a few weeks, but I found a decent place it was an apartment complex consisting of six buildings set in two rows of three buildings with a large parking lot in front. Each building had six apartments in three stories with a central stairway and elevator and stairs on the ends as well.

I was lucky to be able to secure an end apartment on the top floor of one building. It was a two-bedroom unit and it was pretty nice. It had its own washer/dryer as well as one in the middle of the ground floor for all the tenants of the building to use. I found a few guys to help me move my furniture (which wasn’t a lot) and boxes into my apartment and I was officially a resident of the Kalamia Plaza Apartments!

For the next couple of weeks, my attention was split between getting used to my new job and unpacking and setting up my new apartment. The Kalamia Plaza Apartments was a nice enough place I suppose, but like most large cities, people pretty much kept to themselves.

I would get an occasional wave as I was coming or going, but there was no “Welcome Wagon” with pies or meals to welcome me to the neighborhood. Which was fine ... I didn’t exactly go out of my way to introduce myself to the building, either.

Finally, my apartment looked like someone actually lived there and my job was picking up steam as well. I was getting settled in my new hometown and finding my way around San Diego and the surrounding area.

One day I was in my bedroom putting some clothes away that I had just gotten out of the dryer. I happened to look up and out my bedroom window just as my neighbor showed up in her bedroom. That was the thing with the complex, the buildings were all the same and faced each other.

They were also fairly close to one another with just a small grassy area in front split in half by a sidewalk running up the middle. So if you didn’t have your curtains pulled, you got a good look at what the neighbor’s place looked like!

Now, most of the people in the complex were older than me – either retired or getting close to it. But fortunately for me, my neighbor was the exception.

I could only see her from the waist up due to the type of windows the buildings had, but with only about forty feet between our buildings, she looked attractive enough. I guess she was in her early twenties. She was maybe five foot five inches tall, with flaming red hair in loose curls cascading down to her mid-back.

She had a nice, well-proportioned figure – not skinny, but with some delightful curves. And most prominent among those curves as a pair of bikini top filling tits. The kind of tits that make men walk into light poles when they see her walking down the street. All in all, she appeared to be a pretty respectable package from what I could see.

I couldn’t quite make out the face from where I was, but I was sure I would be able to recognize those flaming tresses if we ever met at the mailbox or something!

The sun was at just the right angle – behind my apartment and just above the roofline – that it streamed directly into her bedroom window as if I had swung a floodlight around to light her up. I’m sure she felt the warmth of the sun on her as the California summer sun is hard to ignore. But I don’t know if she quite realized that she could be so easily seen through her window!

She must have just come from work I guessed, as she was wearing what appeared to be a nice, long-sleeve, white button-front blouse. I wondered for a moment where she worked. Must be some sort of office, this wasn’t your typical fast-food burger joint attire! Another plus in her column – she wasn’t your typical brain-dead “you want fries with that?” burger jockey!

But it was what came next that really got my attention and caused me to nearly spill my coffee in my lap!

She must have had her mind elsewhere because she suddenly started taking off her blouse right there in front of the open window in plain view of me and anyone else that could have been watching! As she unbuttoned her blouse, I could see her quite impressive cleavage as she moved around. Her ample tits were encased in a white bra, but still showed enough for me to applaud their quality.

I have a pair of really good binoculars I use for my birdwatching hobby, but they were still packed in a box someplace. It didn’t matter, she wasn’t very far away from me so I had a pretty good view. Ray Charles could have made her out from where I sat!

I sat there stunned ... I didn’t know what I should do. I knew I should turn away and give her some privacy, but my body wouldn’t follow my “moral compass”. I felt like a peeping tom or some kind of lecherous pervert, but the sight before me was too powerful.

You see, I had broken up with my long-time girlfriend a little before I moved to California. We just wanted different things out of the relationship and it wasn’t working out. One of the reasons I took this promotion was to get away from Philly and the memories and get a fresh start.

So it had been a while since I’d done the “bedroom bop” with anyone. And the sight of this fetching young woman stripping – aware or not – was irresistible.

I sat there watching and wondering just how far my little peep show would go. I wondered how she could not know that her window was open and anyone could see in. I wondered how she could not see me watching her. But for whatever reason, she hadn’t noticed, so I kept watching.

My apartment (and hers as well) had two bedrooms with the bathroom between them. So as I watched she walked out of the bedroom turning the corner into the bathroom. The only window in the bathroom was a small frosted window to let in some daylight so looking into the bathroom was impossible. But after a couple of moments, my little showgirl returned – minus her bra!

Just as I had surmised her tits were magnificent! I didn’t know their size, but they were definitely noticeable! Full and firm and high on her chest, they liked showing off and she didn’t seem to mind giving them a chance to strut their stuff!

As she walked in, I got a full-frontal view of her from the waist up and she was incredible. Her boobs had to be D cups or at the very least a healthy C. Her nipples were pretty light rose-colored; I could just make them out from where I was sitting. Those fine tits swayed just a bit as she walked, with a little bounce for every step she took.

She went over and must have gone to her dresser because she tossed something onto her bed and then turned and left the bedroom for the bathroom again. This time though she didn’t come right back so I assumed she was taking a shower. This was my chance to escape from this illicit peep show and I left my bedroom to go to my living room and try to forget about my exhibitionist neighbor.

I sat there in my comfortable recliner, but I was far from comfortable. My cock was threatening to rip through my jeans and I could not find a comfortable position. I shifted around in my seat for about ten minutes before I got up frustrated. I decided to go to the store to buy something for dinner and maybe that would give me a chance to calm down and get back under control.

I had come home from the store and decided I would stop and check the mail on the way up. As I was standing there sorting out the inevitable junk mail I heard footsteps behind me. I turned around and was greeted with a smile by my very attractive red-haired neighbor.

I didn’t say anything – after what I had seen earlier, any conversation would have been tricky. But she initiated it for me.

“So did you enjoy the show earlier?”

She HAD seen me watching her!

“I ... um...” was all I could get out.

“Relax, it’s okay. Truth is, I have a little exhibitionist thing ... I like showing off like that. But the only people around here are old fuddy-duddies and stuffed shirts – they aren’t any fun. When I saw that you had moved in, I thought maybe you were different.

“You are younger than the retirement group here and if you don’t mind me saying so, better looking too. So I thought I would give it a try and see what ... um ... came up. My name is Rose by the way ... you know ‘cause of the hair!”

What came up? What an interesting way of putting it! “Well, you certainly did make something come up. My name is Daniel and I’m glad you aren’t mad that I was looking at you.”

“Oh, I’m not. I’m kind of excited and even turned on that you enjoyed it.” Then she put a hand on my cheek. “And if you are lucky and pay attention, Daniel dear, you’ll see me again ... maybe even more of me” she whispered as she walked past me on her way home.

That appeared to be the end of today’s show, although I kept one eye on her apartment just in case she decided to do an encore performance, but she didn’t. I loved the show, however.

A little while later I popped the frozen pizza I had bought for dinner into the oven and got back to my normal routine.

The next free show would be about a week later. It was Friday evening and I had come home from working late. I wanted to wrap up some things at the office before getting on with my weekend so I wouldn’t have to face them first thing Monday morning. It must have been around 7:30 or so by the time I got home and got changed into my around-the-house wear. I was just sitting in my living room debating what to have for dinner when I saw her.

The units in these buildings have a lot of windows, which was one of the selling points that attracted me to the place My old apartment in Philly had much smaller windows but then who really needs to see the drab dull scene of urban Philadelphia?

I happened to be looking through the large living room window when I saw my little show-off neighbor walk in from what I could only figure as her kitchen. She had a big bowl of popcorn and a large bottle of soda and sat down on the sofa. I guessed she was settling in to watch some TV.

I wondered why such a friendly, outgoing, and very cute young girl would be staying home on a Friday night when there were so many other options available. But I wasn’t able to give it a whole lot of thought.

As I sat there watching Rose get ready for her TV movie night she saw me and got up, coming to the window. She waved hi to me and I meekly waved back. I’d been caught watching her again so there was no point in hiding it. Then she did something very strange.

Rose sort of signaled for me to stay where I was and she would be right back. I nodded okay and she dashed off back to the back of her apartment towards what would be her bedroom. I saw the light go on and then go off again a moment later. She came back carrying something but I couldn’t tell what.

She dragged one of her wooden dining room chairs over to the window and, standing next to it, proceeded to get undressed right there in front of the large window!

I couldn’t believe it! I mean I’m sure I wasn’t the only one in my building that could see her, yet here she was giving me a show that would make a nun blush! Rose took off her oversize t-shirt first letting me know she wasn’t wearing a bra under.

She played with her tits for a bit holding them up for me to see them, squeezing them together, and rolling her hard nipples between her fingers. Then she licked her finger and toyed with her nipple to make them even harder.

Finally, as if she was offering them to me, she pressed her tits against the window glass and licked the glass like she wanted to lick me! It was quite erotic and I felt my cock swell in my pants.

But that was just the warm-up to her show. Rose dropped her sweatpants and shimmied very teasingly out of her thong panties. Naked now, she slipped on a pair of red high heel pumps. At first, I wasn’t sure what she was up to, but when she sat down on the chair only a couple of feet from the window she soon explained her actions.

Rose spread her legs wide and put her heels high up on the window – giving me a very intimate look between her legs! With a big smile, she licked her fingers and then began rubbing her exposed pussy, putting on a masturbation show for me!

She rubbed her pussy with one hand using the other one to continue toying with her nipple as she got herself (and me) hotter and hotter.

I adjusted my crotch, which was rapidly getting tighter as my cock grew. As I watched I subconsciously began rubbing myself, getting very turned on by what my neighbor was doing. I saw her reach over and found out what she had gone back to her bedroom for. She pulled out a large pink dildo and started off showing me how much she liked giving blowjobs.

Lucky fucking dildo! I thought as I watched her lick it and suck the toy. Then, as if she wanted to display all of her skills, Rose turned the dildo up and began to deepthroat it for me! I resolved right then to spend the following day looking for those damn binoculars until I either found them or bought another pair!

Rose smiled as she saw me rubbing my cock through my jeans. She looked at me and then looked down at her pussy wanting my eyes to follow hers. As I did she used the fingers of one hand to part her pussy lips and push the tip of her toy into her.

I couldn’t get as good a look as I would have liked to, of course – there was still a little distance between us – but I was close enough I had something to imagine! And I could see by the expression on Rose’s face that she was enjoying putting on this show for me.

Rose’s show got more arousing and hotter as she began fucking herself with the dildo. If she’d been able to have the window open, I’m sure I would have heard her moans and screams as her fever grew. I could tell by the way her hand was flying that she was getting very close to cumming.

Then it happened. I saw her stiffen up and her eyes got huge. Her mouth dropped open in a silent (at least to me) scream and then she came. Hard. She bucked and rocked the chair so hard I expected her to fall over, but she didn’t.

After she had finished her incredible finale, she sat there slumped down in the chair breathing heavily for several minutes. I was just about to go over and check to see if she was all right when she sat back up and looked over at me. I stood up clapping to let her know I enjoyed the show. She stood smiling and gave me a little curtsy and then blew me a kiss, gave a little wave and went back presumably to shower and get cleaned up.


Chapter 2

Rose’s window exhibitionism shows continued for the next couple of months. Each show seemed to get better and sexier as she incorporated different things into them. It was as if she was trying to outdo herself with each performance. And I was the lucky recipient of free tickets to each of her shows.

One special day I was deeply enraptured with one of her performances when she suddenly stopped and left just as it was getting really hot. She came back a moment later with what looked like a notepad and pen. She wrote something, then held it to the window glass.

By this time had found my binoculars and always kept them next to the main viewing window for her shows. I picked them up and read the note:

Apartment 3A. Come on over, I’ll be waiting for you!

Rose was inviting me over! Now just to explain Rose and I had only had the briefest of conversations twice when we bumped into each other at the mailbox. The only thing I knew about her was her exhibitionist kink and that she was bored with her fellow tenants’ dull lives. She knew even less about me. So inviting me over – especially if she wanted what I thought she wanted – was very unusual indeed!

But I was intrigued. In all this time I had never seen anyone else in her apartment and I’d seen her coming and going a few times, always alone. So I didn’t figure there to be a boyfriend or husband. And coming from Philly, I wasn’t going to walk into her apartment without taking a quick glance around first. Besides, I was a good-sized guy, I could take care of myself if need be.

I looked at her pointing back at myself, wanting to be sure she was talking to me and not someone else who might be watching in another apartment. She nodded and pointed to me then curled her finger in a sexy “come here”. Well, that’s all it took! I gave her a thumbs up then grabbed my house keys and slipped on my shoes and headed her way.

Finding her apartment was very easy since it was an exact duplicate, albeit a mirror image, of my own. Rose had watched out the window until she saw me crossing the space between our buildings and then when I got up to her apartment, I found the door brought to, but not closed completely. I knocked on the door and heard her voice.

“Come on in!” so I came in shutting the door completely behind me.

“Rose?”

“Back here in the bedroom!”

I walked back to where the bedrooms were. The master bedroom door was open about halfway so I opened it a bit more and stepped inside. The door closed behind me and I spun around startled. Rose was standing behind the door and when I turned she was standing there naked with just her heels and stockings.

“Hi, Daniel, I’m so glad you came over. Did you like my little show?”

“Of course, Rose. I always like your shows. What guy wouldn’t?”

“Well my ex-boyfriend for one,” she said with a sarcastic snort.

“Oh?”

“Yeah, my ex couldn’t handle my exhibitionist side. He would get embarrassed and started not taking me places. At first, it was just places he liked and wanted to go back to. But it got to where he wouldn’t take me anywhere for fear that I would do something to embarrass him. He told me that I was too weird for him, that I was sick and needed help in controlling my urges.

“I can’t help it, though. I get a rush out of showing off. Hell, since I started putting on my little shows for you I have had some of the best orgasms I’ve ever had! Performing for you has re-awakened me. Thank you, Daniel, for being open-minded enough to enjoy what I do and letting me enjoy doing it for you.”

“Well I have to admit that the first time I was a little shocked, but I got over it and I have enjoyed watching you – once we met at the mailbox that day and I found out you wanted me to watch,” I said.

“Oh, I do! I love performing for you, Daniel. In fact, that’s the reason I asked you over. I want to thank you for letting me feel free again. I’ve been so terrified to show that side of me around here ... afraid that someone will turn me in to the police or complain to the landlord. But you have let me let that part out again and I really want to thank you for that,” she said.

Rose stepped up and put her arms around my neck pulling me into a deep passion-filled kiss. A kiss that let me know anything that I asked of her right now she would happily grant.

I took her up on her offer, pushing her back gently as we continued to kiss. When we got to the edge of the bed, I broke the kiss and playfully pushed her back so her knees buckled and she landed on her back on the bed giggling.

As I proceeded to get undressed, Rose moved to the center of the bed, watching me intently. I took off my shirt and she smiled approvingly at my chest. I may be just a paper-pushing desk jockey, but I liked to keep in shape. I used to work out at the gym two or three times a week back in Philly and so one of the first things I did was stop at a gym not too far from the apartment to set up a membership there so I could continue. After all, I was in California now ... I had to have a proper beach body when I went to the beach!

With my shirt off now, it was time to go downstairs. I had taken my shoes off at the door so once I unbuttoned my jeans they slid off easily.

“Oh Daniel!” she said when she looked at the bulge in my boxers. “Oh my God!”

“See what you do to me with your little shows? You see what I have to deal with after you have flaunted your tits at me and shook that tight ass?” I said in mock sternness.

“Oh, you poor, poor man! Oh, I’m so sorry that I made things so ‘hard’ for you!” she giggled. “Let Rose kiss it and make it all better, baby!”

I climbed up on the bed still wearing my boxers and crawled up to her legs. Then I put one hand on each leg just above the knee and quickly snapped them wide apart. Rose gasped at the sudden move but as I lay down between those thighs I explained.

“Before we go any further, I haven’t had dinner yet and I am starving. And you, my dear, look delicious!” I said. Then I moved in closer.

I am no stranger to pussy. I lost my “cherry” when I was a little over sixteen years old (coincidentally to a little red-haired neighbor girl!) and I have seen my share of pussy in my day – maybe a little more than my share. With the exception of my latest breakup and the move to California, I hadn’t been without a girlfriend or at least a girl since I was in tenth grade. And let me tell you, that was going a long way back!

But of all the pussy I have seen in my days, Rose’s slit was far and away the nicest I’d laid eyes on. She had the cutest tuft of curly red hair, nicely trimmed into a perfect upside-down triangle starting above her clit hood and going up just high enough to still be concealable under a bikini bottom. Below her red fur patch, her pussy was tight and compact with the lips tucked in and hidden, except when she was extremely aroused. Then they would swell and push their way out to be licked and sucked into my mouth.

I slid the fingers of each hand under her ass cheeks and used my thumbs to pull apart the lips of her pussy. I was greeted by a blast furnace of the sweetest, most mouth-watering aroma I had ever smelled. Her pussy was hot and sweet ... like an apple pie fresh out of the oven. I peeked inside to see her pink wet interior just dripping with syrupy goodness. Why any baby would want to leave that heavenly environment is beyond me! If I could have, I would have crawled in there and never come out!

I could hold off no longer and I dove face first into that succulent peach. As I expected, Rose’s reaction was immediate and profound.

“OH FUUUCK! OH MY GOD! OH, Daniel, OHHH!” she squealed as I fastened my mouth over her pussy and my tongue plunged deep into her.

Rose bucked and pitched trying to throw me off. It was a natural reaction of her body, not something she really consciously wanted. But wanted or not, I was latched onto her and wouldn’t be easily dislodged. I licked and lapped up her sweet woman-honey as fast as she could produce it. My tongue wriggled and squirmed around inside her, making sure none of her deliciousness escaped.

As my tongue went on its search, the wriggling drove my little red-haired girl stark raving mad. Her hands immediately went to my head as soon as my tongue dove into her and she guided me to where she needed me to lick her next. I was only too happy to oblige her too, using her moans and whimpers and cries as not only encouragement but also a sort of road map of her pleasure points.

Rose really enjoyed my eating her out. The only problem was she enjoyed it a little too much – she didn’t last more than a few sweet moments before she was ready to plunge off the cliff of ultimate rapture and fall into the bright light of orgasmic bliss.

“Oh fuck, Daniel! Oh God, you’re gonna make me cum! Oh, I’m gonna cum so hard, baby, I’m gonna cum so hard!” she cried.

And sure enough, just as the words cleared her lips, she did as promised. Rose flooded my mouth with a fresh gush of warm sweet juices. I continued to lick and lap up the sweet nectar she offered throughout her spasming and convulsing, wanting to draw out her ecstasy as long as I could. I drank her down as fast as I could, wanting to save every drop and not let any of the precious fluid go to waste. Of course, I couldn’t hope to keep up with her and some of the juice did escape, but I got my fill ... at least for now!

As I watched her going through the throes of her orgasm I went ahead and slipped off my boxers so I would be ready for what would come next. As soon as the orgasm released its grip on her and her bucking, pitching, and flailing around had calmed, she collapsed onto the bed, panting like a winded dog. I kissed my way slowly up her body, supporting myself on my arms and knees and hovering over her a bit so I wouldn’t impede her breathing any.

I kissed her mons, her flame-red pussy hair tickling my nose. Then I kissed her at the waistline and up to her navel where I found she had a dangling green navel piercing.

“Green, to match your eyes?” I asked.

“Yes, but also my birthday is May 15th. Emerald is my birthstone,” she explained.

“I’ll have to remember that,” I said. Then I took her dangle in my teeth and playfully tugged at it gently, causing her to moan.

I continued kissing my way up to her tits which, until now, had not seen any action. I would resolve that right away.

I lowered my mouth down towards her hard, erect nipple. It seemed to be reaching up to my mouth even as I got closer and closer to it. I brushed my lips across the tip and heard Rose suck in a breath that she knew she would need to moan out her pleasure at any moment.

This gave me a wicked idea. I was going to tease her a bit!

“Tell me, Rose are your nipples very sensitive?” I asked her.

“Oh God yes! They are very sensitive!” she breathed.

“Really? So my toying with them and kissing them, they like that?”

“Oh they love to be played with and kissed Daniel, baby!” she moaned.

“I thought so. They are very hard and stiff. I’ll bet they’d like to be sucked right now, wouldn’t they?”

“Oh Daniel please...”

“You know, with all this sexual assault and MeToo stuff going on these days, a guy has to be careful not to overstep. Maybe you should ask me before I go any further. Ask me if you want me to lick and suck your nipples ... just so I don’t misunderstand,” I said.

Rose smiled just then and I knew she realized I was teasing her. But she happily played along.

“Oh please, Daniel! Please lick and suck my hard nipples! Oh, they’re so hard they almost hurt! Kiss them, baby, and make them feel better! Please!” she pleaded. Sure it was overacting, but I didn’t mind!

I sucked one of the hard little nubs into my mouth, trapping and holding it between my teeth while my tongue began rubbing over the tip.

She arched her back, thrusting her tits higher for me. “YES! Oh God, Daniel! Oh, your mouth feels so good! Keep doing that ... yeah just like that! Ohh fuck, baby!” she cried. This time I knew she wasn’t acting. Her nipples really were sensitive!

I licked and sucked and chewed on her tasty bits making sure I moved back and forth between them so one wouldn;t get too lonely. She had such amazing tits and hard, meaty nipples that I would have been happy just gorging on those delectable mounds of creamy flesh. But almost as soon as I moved up to begin my feast, I noticed my cock was bumping into her crotch and poking at what it wanted. Rose was short enough that I was practically fucking her without even trying!

So I took advantage of our difference in stature and started teasing her with the tip of my cock. I found that if I hunched my back just a bit, I could rub my cock across her pussy lips and even run the tip up and down the slit between them.

“Oh, Daniel! Oh, I feel your cock right at my entrance! Oh, please, please fuck me! I want that cock buried deep in my pussy! Please, Daniel! Please fuck me!” she cried.

My cock was in complete agreement. Already hard as a steel pipe it was eager to get into the game itself. Like I said before, this was the longest I’d been without a girlfriend or sex so I was way overdue. And Rose was oh so fuckable!

After kissing each of her tits one last time (for now) and moving up to kiss those petal soft lips I looked into her green eyes to let her know that the time had come.

I raised up and spread her legs wide. I took hold of the base of my cock and rubbed it quickly back and forth across her pussy lips, drawing out a long anguished moan from her.

“How long has it been Rose? How long has it been since you’ve been fucked good and proper?” I asked.

“Nine months,” she panted, “Since my ex left. I haven’t had sex with anyone since Thomas – that’s my ex.”

“Well I guess we will have to take care of that right away!” I said.

I looked down into Rose’s soft green eyes. I noticed she was biting her bottom lip anxiously, as if she was waiting for something she knew was coming and could barely stand the anticipation.

I pressed forward just a bit until the head of my cock was seated at her entrance and she could feel me parting her pussy lips. I smiled as I saw her take a deep breath and hold it. She knew that my cock was bigger than anything she’s had inside her and that included the dildo I’d seen her use the other day. And she could hardly wait to “try me on for size”!

I didn’t make her hold her breath for long. I pressed forward slowly feeling her pussy ring expand as I shoved my hard thick cock ever deeper into her. Rose’s eyes got wide and a shocked look came over her. Her mouth dropped open and then I heard a long slow moan of surprise come from her.

“OHHH FUUCK, DAAANIEL!”

I always loved this first entry, and I always took it nice and slow to enjoy every moment of it. I love seeing her face as I stretch her out for the first time and the surprised wonder as she feels how big I am inside her. I’m no pornstar – far from it, if you believe the Internet. But I’m big enough to be attention-getting and I certainly had Rose’s attention right now!

“OhmyGod! OhmyGod!” she chanted as my cock burrowed deeper, opening her up further and stretching her pussy walls paper thin. She arched her back, lifting her shoulders off the bed with her elbows and rolling her head back in an attempt to give me a better angle at her.

When I had about half of my length inside her Rose moaned again “Fuck, Daniel! I feel so full! Your cock is filling my tight little pussy so full!”

“I’m only halfway in Rose ... if that much!” I said.

“OHHH ... Daniel, honey ... I don’t think ... I can take all of you!” she cried.

“Just relax, Rose, I won’t hurt you. I’m only going to go in until I’m all the way in or I bottom out in your pussy. I’m not going to force anything,” I reassured her. She smiled and relaxed a bit after that.

Slowly I sank further into her warmth, wet sheath until at last I did get all the way inside her. When I felt my balls touch her ass I knew I was home.

“There I’m all the way inside you, Rose. See that wasn’t so bad now, was it?”

“You’re all the way in me?” she asked.

“Yep, you have my whole cock in your pussy. And it feels great!”

“It feels wonderful! Oh Daniel, I’ve never felt this full ever! Ohhh, God!”

I stayed there, buried to the hilt inside her, for a few glorious moments, totally enjoying the warm wet hug her pussy was giving me. I wanted to let her get used to feeling me so deep before I proceeded with anything. From what she had told me about her ex-boyfriend, she needed to get used to having her pussy stretched and used!

Once I felt her start to loosen up a bit, I felt it was okay to start moving in and out. I started slowly drawing back, letting her feel my cock move in her. She moaned as my cock withdrew whimpering as it got close to pulling completely out.

“Please Daniel, don’t leave!” she pleaded just as my cock slipped from her pussy’s grasp.

“It’s okay, Rose I’m not going anywhere. I just like the feeling of opening you up,” I explained. Then I pushed back into her and she gasped as I entered her again. I pushed my cock slowly into her all the way just like before. It was easier this time since she had already been sized to me so as soon as I got fully inside I looked at her.

“Better hang onto something ... it’s gonna get pretty wild in a moment!” I warned her.


Chapter 3

Rose heeded my warning and I saw her reach up to grab the bottom of the headboard with both hands. When I saw her settled in, I pulled back and began with full-length, medium-speed strokes. I didn’t want to jump right in, fucking her like a wild man for fear I might scare her. But it wasn’t many strokes into it when I had increased my speed and power until I was fucking her with an intensity and speed which took her breath away with every thrust.

Fortunately for both of us, my cock was about an inch shy of poking her cervix and my most powerful and lust-filled thrusts didn’t seem to hurt her. I was glad because I have had other girls who I had to measure my strokes carefully with to keep from going too deep. If I ever did go too deep and poke her too hard I never knew it – she never said anything or showed any sign that she was uncomfortable. Just the opposite, in fact, as she seemed to be enjoying everything I threw at her, no matter what it was.

“Yes! Oh fuck Daniel! That’s it, baby, fuck me like you’re mad at me! I like it fast and furious! Pound me like a cheap steak, baby, I love it!”

I gave her everything I had watching carefully her for any kind of wincing or sign that I was hurting her. I have had a couple girls who tried to be brave and take what I gave them thinking that’s what I wanted – only to find out later I was actually hurting them and they were sore for days afterwards.

I felt terrible about making our sex something that they were almost afraid of instead of something they looked forward to. And I didn’t want to do that with Rose. But she moaned and cried out and encouraged me the whole time to go harder and deeper – although deeper was not possible as I was giving her every inch of cock I could push into her.

I managed to give her three world-class orgasms before it was my turn to erupt. As I started to feel that familiar tingle in my nuts, I told Rose.

“Rose, honey, I’m getting real close to cumming!”

I always like to warn a girl when I’m about to cum, especially the first time we have sex. I never know what kind of reaction I’ll get – some girls like the taste of cum and some don’t. Some girls are afraid of getting pregnant and want me to pull out to shoot it on her stomach, or tits, or even her face. And some girls love the feeling of a man cumming deep inside them. So I always make a point of announcing an impending orgasm. It also seems to spur them occasionally to have another orgasm themselves and we get to cum together ... that’s a fun time for us both!

Rose wasn’t shy about my cumming inside her, but this first time she wanted to do something diffferent ... and she took me by surprise when she pushed me off of her and spun around on the bed laying on her back with her head over the edge of the mattress.

“Please Daniel, fuck my face! I love being face fucked and made to deepthroat a guys cock! It’s so fucking hot! Please feed me that cock and let me suck you off!”

Well, who was I to argue with an offer like that! I let her get in position and ready, then I pushed my cock into her mouth as she lay upside down. She put her hands behind my thighs and pulled me closer so my cock went further into her mouth. She knew her capabilities better than me at this point, so I let her take me as she could. But I didn’t have to worry – on top of being an incredible fuck, she was also a top notch cocksucker and she could deepthroat as good as any pornstar!

As I stood there fucking her sweet mouth just as I had fucked her pussy, Rose proceeded to do her best to turn me inside out! I’ve always heard of girls who could suck the chrome off a trailer hitch, but I swear Rose could suck a hicky in sheet steel! If she ever took to being a vampire, the human race would be finished!

After a sampling of her sucking power, she showed me she was no slouch at deepthroating as well. She pulled me closer and I slid down her tight throat like I belonged there. The feeling was something words alone can’t describe. It was the best feeling my cock had ever known. I have had partners deepthroat me, but none of them felt as incredible as Rose felt right then.

However the feeling alone was only part of her deepthroating skills ... she also knew male anatomy as well! I knew that I would not last long in her throat, especially since I was near cumming to begin with. But Rose wrapped her fingers around the base of my cock, squeezing it just hard enough and in just the right manner and place to keep me hard as a railroad spike and yet not allow me to cum until she wanted me to!

With my cock stymied from cumming and thus going soft, Rose took her time lolling over my cock – licking and sucking and taking me deep down her throat, playing with me like a cat plays with a mouse before killing it.

While I was in no danger of being eaten, I was certainly building up a lot of pressure behind her fingers! It wasn’t painful, but my balls sure wanted to dump the load of cum boiling in them!

Finally she must have sensed that I needed to cum and she released the pressure on my cock. Instantly I exploded with such force I thought the head of my cock blew off! I dumped my load down her throat so fast I was finished before I even realized I was cumming!

Rose took every drop I had to offer though and didn’t spill a one. As the last of the cum drained from me, she took me out of her mouth and let me watch those last drips fall into her mouth before taking me back in and sucking me dry.

We moved onto the bed and she lay next to me, her head on my shoulder and her fingers playing across my chest. I could hear her happily purring as she lay there, and I felt quite relieved as well.

“Oh my God Daniel, that was incredible!” she said as soon as she got her breathing under control again.

“You were pretty good yourself Rose, honey. Where did you learn to suck cock like that?”

“I have an older sister that showed me when I was just starting to get interested in boys. And I found that guys are more than willing to let me practice!” she giggled.

“Well anytime you want to brush up on your skills, hon, I’m right across the way! Just give me a holler or come on over and you can practice on me!” I said.

“I’m gonna hold you to that mister! You taste really good and your cum is yummy!”

She did indeed hold me to my word and over the next few months we got together often for some very fun and exciting times.

We had been seeing each other informally for about six months and in that time we’d had sex more than I’d ever had before. I was beginning to think I’d hooked up with a nymphomaniac – the girl didn’t seem to have an “off” switch! She still gave me her little private shows between times as well. I think she was a little afraid that I might lose interest in her (fat chance of that!)

This time though, after we’d had our fun and were laying there recovering from our exercise, Rose suddenly sat up.

“Daniel can we talk?” she asked. I knew enough about women to know that when a woman says “Can we talk?” I need to pay attention!

“Sure, what’s up?” I said, sitting up myself.

“Well, you and I have been getting together like this for a few months now and it’s been really great. I love performing my little shows for you and I love that you aren’t turned off or embarrassed about them.”

“Oh no, honey! I love watching you ... it’s really hot!” I said.

“I’m glad. But there’s something I think you should know about me ... about my past actually. You see I have had a hard time with men. All the men in my life seem to leave me. My father died when I was young and it was just Mom and me for most of my life. Then my first boyfriend in high school left me at the prom to run off with one of the cheerleaders. In college, I had a couple boyfriends for a short time, but they left too. Finally, there was Thomas and we were engaged before he left me.

“Damn that’s rough, Rose. I’m sorry,” I said.

“Sweetheart, don’t get me wrong, you are a wonderful man – I have had so much fun lately with you. And sex with you has been amazing too. So please don’t take this the wrong way but ... well, I need more.”

“More?” I asked getting nervous now. “What do you mean, Rose?”

“Daniel, I don’t want to get hurt again. I don’t think I could take it. So before we get any more involved I need to know you are going to stick around. I’m not saying we should run out and get married, buy a house and have kids, but I need some kind of assurance that this isn’t just a quick between girlfriends fling. And if it is, please tell me now so I can prepare myself for it. I don’t want to get my hopes up only to have them dashed to pieces again. Not again, please.”

I looked into the eyes of my sweet Rose. I could see the beginnings of tears welling up in those beautiful green pools. Her eyes darted back and forth as if she was looking for something. But her trembling told me she was afraid of what she would find.

I knew that feeling all too well myself. I’d had my share of heartbreak and then some too. In fact it was one of those heartbreaks that had brought me to San Diego. So I knew what was going on under those crimson tresses. Although I had to admit her story was a lot worse than mine!

Still I couldn’t keep her hanging on. She had been up front with me and told me what she wanted and know I had to return the same honesty to her.

“Rose, honey, I want to ask you something and I want the truth. Are you telling me that you have feelings for me? I have to know ... I have to know where we stand from your side.”

“Please, Daniel, don’t ... don’t make me say it...”

“Rose, tell me ... please. I need to know.”

“Yes! Yes, dammit, I do have feelings for you. I tried not to – I didn’t want to. But you made me fall in love with you!”

“I see. Well that poses a problem then Rose...” I said.

I saw her whole countenance drop at my words. “I knew it. I knew that as soon as I said the ‘L’ word something was going to happen. Fuck!” she said quietly.

“You didn’t let me finish. It poses a problem because it looks like you are stuck with me. You see, I wasn’t going to say anything right now ... I wanted to take you out to dinner and tell you then. But my company is so pleased with the work I’m doing here that they want me to stay here permanently and head up the San Diego office. I’m going to get a sizable raise and probably move out of this apartment into a house since this will be where I live from now on.

“Really? You aren’t leaving me?” she asked, still not sure of what I was saying.

“No, Rose, I am not leaving you. Now, I will be leaving this apartment eventually and that’s the problem I was talking about. I won’t be able to watch your shows anymore. Which is why I wanted to know your feelings so I can ask you to move in with me. That way you can “perform” for me whenever you want!”

“Y-you want me to move into your new place with you?” she asked.

“Actually I was thinking we could pick out a house together. Rose, honey, I wanted to know how you feel because I love you, too. I just needed to know if it was one-sided and if it was, I wouldn’t have said anything. I didn’t want to pressure you – especially after hearing about your past with men. I didn’t want you to feel you had to love me to keep me.”

“Oh, Daniel, yes! Yes! Yes! Yes! I would love to move in with you! Oh, you don’t know how happy I am. I was so scared when you said you wanted to know how I felt. And when you said that poses a problem I just knew I had blown it! Oh, Daniel, I do love you ... I love you so much!”

And so (after another rousing bout of lovemaking) we sat down and began talking about houses. I pulled out a couple househunter magazines I had picked up and we started looking through them together.

It turns out happily than Rose and I shared a lot in common in what we wanted in our house. I’m sure she would have compromised on anything I said I wanted, but I didn’t want her to just agree with me for the sake of agreeing. I wanted her input as well – after all she would be living there too. And probably spending more time in the house than me! So it was important to me that she be honest with her wants and needs.

We found a few places we were interested in and after looking at them we decided on one. I put an offer on it and it was accepted. We moved in the following month and have been living there blissfully ever since.
