
  To more fully enjoy this story in living, breathing HTML,
  please visit our website at:
 
    http://www.asstr.org/~vivian

  Now offering over 140,000 words of pure prurience!

  --------------------------------------------------------


 

                               Sangrelysia

                          by Vivian Darkbloom

Remembering

   The middle of a story. Vacant plot lines, the drama forgotten.
   Names of the characters, even my own name, vanished into vaporous
   dust, evaporated into the hot brightness of the golden charioteer
   overhead, while below me glided by with silent rapidity the
   sparkling waves of the river Styx.

   It was then that I came to know my preconceived image of the
   penultimate journey to be false, having procured at some point in
   my mind's eye a somber association of "Styx" with some twilight
   region dimly lit in crepuscular shadows, a slow solemn
   procession.

   First misconception: the vessel. Not a cumbersome boat at all,
   nor even a body, merely a presence like the glint off a coin
   gliding swiftly across the surface of the water.

   Next misconception, boatkeeper Charon, however I imagined him --
   it was not a he but a she, angel with flaming sword, guardian of
   light, leading the way. Only, the sword was more a serpent,
   writhing, pirouetting and swirling with balletic abandon, dancing
   across the sky in twists and turns, the ice that burns, cold
   steel, velvet eel, rushing breeze, knees and thighs protrude from
   dresses beneath the tresses under feathery wings.

   A sense of overwhelming wholeness, bliss, knowing that I am
   loved, the apple of the Universe's heart. Without a body, if you
   can feel the lightness: no little aches or itches. Neither hunger
   nor thirst. No craving for breath, yet paradoxically the sweet
   scent of pure sparkling water gliding by swiftly beneath. No
   body, yet a finger to dangle along the surface, to enjoy the
   ripples trailing behind.

   She with the flaming sword ever ahead.

   Then the story shifted, and I emerged momentarily aloft in a
   palanquin borne by many maidens, submarine.

   Then back into dreaming, groggily, the memories slowly returned;
   only: in reverse order. When traveling backwards in time, birth
   becomes death.

   First (last) was the tumultuous avalanche, preceded by an
   earth-temblor of startling magnitude. Yells and cries all about,
   most of panic, one triumphant, and I look around to see a figure
   sporting a heavy, large, spheroid object of a dark metallic
   reddish-golden green, surfaced with strange worm-carved beetling,
   which resembled alien scribblings in an extraterrestial alphabet.

   Before that was the climax. The physical sensations of orgasm
   were familiar. The release, the relief of built-up tension, the
   gift of pearls, from me to her. And at that moment, from the very
   center of the Earth's molten core, a beam of high frequency
   energy burst through us, a ray intersecting the cosmic sphere in
   the emergence of a bright supernova, giving birth to our very own
   star, our own mote of brightness in the dark twinkling heavens.

   Before that, sensations of seeing her facing me, of feeling her
   around me. The audience of circled young nymphet nymphs, a
   wedding ring.

   But never before had I felt such a profound connection with (the
   name returned:) her. The Princess. Sylvia. It was as though I was
   feeling through her body, and she through mine; but even more
   profound, as if our souls and destinies were entwined, making
   love, braided threefold, mine inside of hers, her within mine. I
   inhabited the living statue of Venus that was her body, feeling
   her (as me) inside of me, feeling her sensations as she dwelt
   within my frame, feeling herself (me) inside of me (her,
   Aphrodite incarnate).

   On the half-shell, rolling pelvic waves beneath, the panting of
   the four winds raging above.

   In reverse, memories resurfaced. Like the floats on a fishing net
   long submerged.

   Elyiathe musing, "Wizard, such a pure virtuous heart as yours
   must be tasty indeed. Best eaten, though, stir-fried with
   water-chestnuts."

   Before that -- "Then take me with you, at least," pouted
   Clarissa, olive-skinned, tawny hair with golden flecks. Her lower
   lips a cryptic furrow of invitingly dripping curls. (dripping
   underwater, how drole!)

   Before that -- "No," I declared with finality. "It's too
   important a decision to make just like that. I won't do it.

   Before that -- Clarissa saying "I don't want it any longer. I'm
   sick to death of this beginningless, endless recurring monotony.
   Same exact thing, day in, day out. Never any change. No place to
   grow."

   Before that -- Elyiathe shouting at Clarissa, "FOOL! You'll lose
   your immortality!"

   Before that -- Clarissa looks up with a grin, from where she has
   been nuzzling between my legs, and declares "Take me. I want to
   lose my virginity!"

   Before that -- Clarissa, olive skin, tawny hair flecked with
   gold. Nuzzling affectionately with soft lips and rough tongue the
   ruddy rounded tip of my unbelievably stiffened shaft of delight.

   Across the way, around the circle (if you could call it that --
   more like a three dimensional geodesic sphere constructed of
   young girls) meanwhile, Sylvia as thrown back her head in ecstasy
   in response to the performance of the beautifully red-haired,
   strawberry-freckled head which she holds cradled tenderly between
   her legs, lips to her lips.

   Somehow, the geometry has worked out so that Sylvia's face is
   directly opposite to mine, lips a finger's width from mine. We
   kiss hard, mouth to mouth, passionately. Romance at its finest,
   no candles or moonlight required.

   Before that -- a seemingly endless succession of young faces,
   moist tiny mouths engulfing me sweetly down below, one by one,
   with ruby lips and blushing cheeks; while in front of my own
   mouth, for taste treat, a sequence of young crevices, each
   planted artistically at the crossroads of a torso (below a belly
   button) and two spread thighs. Partners shifting after each brief
   but satisfying connection, in a series of permutations resulting
   from a shape too complex for my bewildered brain, but which I'm
   told guarantees every possible combination of partners in a
   regularly repeating progression. Like knitting needles, moving
   along the rows, we each tied a prim succession of sexual knots,
   one by one.

   In preparation for the grand climax.

   Before that -- Elyiathe replying reluctantly, "Yes, I suppose. Go
   ahead."

   Before that -- one of the girls calling out: "Can we form a
   preparatory gauntlet" and the rest of the girls cheering and
   repeatedly chanting the awkward phrase "preparatory gauntlet!"

   Me and Sylvia exchanging confused glances. Gauntlet (glove)
   being, as we have seen, somewhat misleading as a descriptive
   term. Geodesic hemisphere would have been closer. Water nymphs
   are not known for verbal accuracy.

   Before that -- The Queen dismounts her giant golden koi.

   Before that -- the underwater grotto. The end of our voyage.
   Light from the water's surface above is now but a faint glimmer.
   Crepuscular twilight of a crevice in perpetual darkness, beyond
   the reach of sunlight.

   But the surrounding darkness is lit in earthen tones by radiant
   gems and stones littering the ground all around, and in
   particular a ring of glowing clear crystal spheres, in a magic
   circle surrounding what appears to be a meteorite impact crater.

   Curious fish of all varieties swim by on all sides.

   At the center of the crater, deeply implanted with only a
   fraction of its surface showing, lies the dragon's egg. There is
   no question what it is. A glimpse of dark metallic reddish golden
   green, seemingly engraved with fragments of bizarre alien
   writing.

   Before that -- "Here we are," said Eliathe

   And now we tip and thank the projectionist for chewing up
   sprockets to rewind the reel. Because this is where we came in,
   so now we can take our leave, join together the torn ragged
   edges, and continue the story which we had forgotten, where we
   left off.

                                                          Chapter 24

  _______________________________________________________


  For more stories, please visit our site:
    http://www.asstr.org/~vivian



  
