Author: mypenname3000
Title: The Son of Lust Chapter Twenty-One: Sister's Naughty Determination
Summary: Kurtis and his harem celebrate their victory, but Lasla ges some distubing news about who will adminitsre the next task.
Keywords: MFF HF MF inc oral anal A2M D/s monster fantasy magic

Copyright: 2021

Visit my blog at http://mypenname3000.com

Note: This story was commissioned by Ultrasound 7 and has allowed me to share it with you. This may contain scenarios and acts that I normally wouldn't write. There will be a strong sex slave/domination theme. I will keep this from violating any cannon established in the world and I developed the mythology that drives this story.

Lasla  Ankush, the Queendom of Naith

My brother and sister had won!

They had beat Tharaka and Solja, her troll brother. Kurtis and Pyrriah had prevailed, and our entire family was riding the high of their success. They had passed the Trial of Steel. Only one more to go. The Trial of Pain. That one made me nervous, but...

They had won!

I was still too giddy to really worried about it right now. We were back in Princess Lavhi's quarters. The rakshasa-slave lay on her side, quivering from the pleasure my dildo buzzing away in her pussy gave her. I controlled that golden toy, giving her or denying her the pleasure she craved. That she had been addicted to.

Pleasure was a far, far better motivator than pain.

Come and lick my pussy, slave, I moaned the moment I sank onto some of the pillows on the floor. My legs were spread wide, my cunt on fire. I stared at Princess Naryu, our other rakshasa-slave. We didn't have to break her mind to pleasure like we did her cousin. I want to feel that tiger tongue on my cunt.

Yes, Mistress Lasla.

The princess's brown face blurred. Whiskers and fur sprouted. Her mouth became a muzzle tipped by a wet, black nose. Slits formed as her eyes became a feline grin. Orange fur, striped like a tiger, with a white ruff at the throat and bottom of the jaw.

Purring, the rakshasa-slave nuzzled in to feast upon my pussy. I shiver ran through me as the whiskers caressed my thighs. A shudder raced through my body. This was perfect. My back arched as the power I had over her swelled in me. Thanks to pleasure, the princess had been turned into a slave.

The monster into a pet.

Those powerful jaws and those sharp fangs could rip me to pieces. Instead, they nuzzled into my cunt and licked me. I groaned, my back arching. I shuddered at how amazing this felt. My toes curled, savoring the pleasure of her tongue sliding up my slit. The roughness of it was incredible.

She brushed my clit. Sparks burst from it. My shoulders squirmed against the ground. My heart pounded in my chest. My toes curled as I loved the feel of her tongue licking up and down my pussy. My round breasts quivered.

Las's big dick, I moaned, crying out to my divine father kept imprisoned by Throwia. We were supposed to save him, but the world was so distracting. 

We kept getting side-tracked.

Now this Test of

Yes! I squealed as that rough tongue licked me again. 

I shivered through the wonderful bliss that swept over my arm pussy. My clit burst with sparks. The pleasure showered over me. I groaned and gasped, my face scrunching up. This heat rushed through me. I tossed my head, loving every second of it. Every last moment of her hot tongue lapping at my cunt.

Her tongue stroked through my flesh. She caressed me with hunger. She made me gasp and moan my delight. Her whiskers tickled my thighs as her every lick brought me towards that wonderful peak. Her tongue slid into my cunt.

Oh, Gods, yes! I moaned, bucking.

Mmm, your mouth looks so inviting, Kurtis said, kneeling beside me. His cock thrust at me. I could smell the sour aroma of Princess Naryu's asshole on it. Would you mind?

No! I moaned. I love you, Kurtis. I'm always happy to clean my brother's dick.

He smiled at me, his eyes so blue and piercing. Like my eyes.

His cock pressed past my lips. I groaned at the sour musk, that earthy flavor of the rakshasa's asshole. I quivered in delight as her tongue swirled around inside of my cunt, so rough against my flesh. So stimulating.

I moaned around my brother's dick. I sucked hard on him, my cheeks hollowing as I enjoyed the taste of his cock. It was stimulating. Incredible. An outstanding delight. I groaned around my brother's dick, sucking him clean.

Gods damn, that's good, my brother groaned. 

He had won!

Joy swept through me as I kept remembering that. It was such a heady fact. It swept such wonder through me. I groaned, my body trembling as I suckled and nursed on my brother. The pleasure swept through my body as the rakshasa kept licking and lapping at me.

Her tongue slid out of my pussy and brushed my clit. I squealed around my brother's cock. He groaned, his face twisting in pleasure. I could tell that I was pleasing him. That was a good thing. My tongue danced around his cock, wanting to give him such delight. Such passion. He would have such an amazing cum.

That's it, sister, he groaned. Mmm, slave, are you pleasing my sister.

Of course, Master, purred the princess. I am giving her my all.

Good, my brother panted. I want her moaning around my cock. I want her swallowing every drop of my cum.

She shall, sir, purred the princess.

Her tongue licked faster at my cunt. It felt incredible. I groaned and squirmed. Then Princess Naryu's hands shot up my body and grabbed my tits. She squeezed my round mounds. She kneaded them as she feasted on my cunt. 

Pleasure spilled through my body. This heady bliss swept through me. It was such a treat. A wonderful delight that had me quivering in delight. My face scrunched up before the bliss of this moment.

My orgasm built faster and faster. I suckled on my brother's cock with all my might. I nursed on him, eager to have his cum flooding my mouth. I would gulp it all down. I would swallow every drop of his spunk. It would be incredible. A true delight to enjoy. My tongue danced around his cock. I swirled about him.

Yes, yes, yes! he groaned. That's it. That's fucking it. His face twisted, such delight burning on his features. Gods damn, Lasla!

Such joy surged through me. I buffed the tip of his cock clean and gave him pleasure. I was so close to cumming. Just moments away from that magical delight exploding in my cunt. I would have a huge orgasm on the rakshasa-slave's tongue.

Princess Naryu's tongue stroked up my slit. She brushed my clit. I gasped, bursting at the joy of it. My face twisted. I groaned, sucking hard on my brother's cock. He groaned, too, his dick throbbing in my mouth. His salty precum stained my lips, overpowering the lingering traces of sour asshole.

The rakshasa-slave licked again. She brushed my clit.

I exploded.

I squealed around my brother's big dick, sucking hard. Waves of delight washed through my body and splashed over my mind. I drowned in them. They swirled over my thoughts as I squealed through my rapture. I trembled there, sucking hard on my brother's cock.

Las's big dick! he growled.

His cum erupted. Hot jizz pumped into my mouth. I gulped down my brother's incestuous seed as I rode the tide of bliss rushing through my body. The rakshasa-slave licked up my pussy cream like a good kitty cat. Spunk poured hot down my throat as I squealed out my delight.

I savored the wonderful delight pouring down to my belly. I drank it all down as I quivered through my orgasm. I hit the peak of my pleasure, my thighs squeezing about the rakshasa-slave's head. Her tongue rasped over my pussy, sending one last flutter of delight through me. I had drained my brother dry.

I slid my mouth off of him and panted. Oh, that was delicious.

Gods, it always is when you suck me off, Lasla, Kurtis said.

I beamed up at him. They had won! 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Pyrriah

The nagging worry about the Trial of Pain kneaded my mind, but that was tomorrow's problem. Lasla would probably have to help Kurtis prepare for that. Domination was more her thing than mine. She enjoyed playing the mistress.

I just liked having sex.

Still, Kurtis and I had prevailed. My training had paid off. He hadn't been killed by Tharaka. In fact, he had defeated her. As he proffered his cock to our sister's mouth, I was feeling that itch to have fun. 

I glanced over at my dragon-mother. She had her chastity belt off. Kurtis had removed it during the celebration in the gladiator suite and had never replaced it. Lasla was sucking on Kurtis's cock, and I felt that urge to do some fellating of my own.

And there was only one other cock I could suck. My mother's.

Mmm, Mother, I purred, sliding my arm around her and cupping her breast from the other side. Want to have some fun.

You know I am always ready to please my children, Mistress Pyrriah, she cooed. How shall I pleasure you.

Let's sixty-nine, I purred. It was a term we had come up with for giving oral pleasure to each other. Mmm, how does that sound?

It sounds delightful, my dragon-mother purred, her blue hair swaying about her shoulders. Who shall be on top?

Me, I purred. It made sucking a dick, even a clit-dick, easier.

Mother smiled and then sank to the floor. She had such large breasts. They were big and soft and formed into a pair of jiggling mounts. She spread her legs, her hairless pussy on display. I licked my lips as I stared at her clit peeking out of her folds.

That would soon be filling up my mouth.

I straddled her face, lowering my fiery bush to my mother's waiting lips. She grabbed my thighs, pulling me down to her with greedy hunger. It was clear my mother was eager to pleasure me. Just wanting to lick my cunt.

The moment my curls rustled over her face and my pussy lips kissed her mouth, she licked. I groaned as her tongue dug through my folds. I leaned over her, staring at her clit as she lapped over me. Her tongue caressed labia, driving me wild. 

My boobs pressed into her stomach while her nipples grazed against my belly. I went straight for her clit, her sweet scent filling my nose. I kissed her bare cuntlips and latched onto her clit. I sucked hard on my mother.

Ooh, Pyrriah, she moaned and fluttered her tongue up and down my clit. Do you want...?

I suckled harder.

Naughty girl, she moaned and then her clit blossomed into my mouth.

I nursed on my mother's growing cock, loving how she filled up my mouth. I opened my lips wider and wider to take her increasing girth. My tongue stroked along the crown, feeling her spongy tip developing into the crown of a cock. Then came the first salty flavor of her precum.

An incestuous thrill ran through me.

I nursed on her cock. I loved her big dick that filled my mouth. Kurtis's was bigger, but our mother came close. I squirmed on her, grinding my cunt into her mouth as I savored every moment of this pleasure building in me.

I would have such a wonderful orgasm. It would be outstanding. 

She licked and lapped at my cunt. Her tongue fluttered up and down my folds, driving me wild. I groaned, my heart pounding in my chest as my mother's tongue thrust into my pussy folds. I squealed around her clit-dick.

I worshiped her girl-cock.

My mouth bobbed up and down her hermaphrodite-dick. I savored sucking on her. I nursed on her with passion. My tongue danced around her clit-dick, loving the way her precum spilled over my tongue. I danced around her, savoring the flavor of her precum.

Oh, yes, yes, Mistress Pyrriah, Mother moaned, her fingers digging into my ass.

Mistress Pyrriah...

I slid my mouth off her cock with a wet plop. Drool ran over her tongue. Mother, just call me Pyrriah or daughter right now.

Yes... daughter. She nuzzled her lips into my pussy, my curls rustling over her mouth. Mmm, you're such a loving daughter to suck on your mother's cock.

Maybe I'll even finger your pussy, I purred.

I might finger your asshole.

Wonderful, I groaned and then swallowed her cock again.

I nursed on her while her tongue fluttered up and down my folds. Her hand slid over my ass, her fingers dipping into my crack. I shuddered as my hand found her shaved pussy. I stroked her pussy lips as she found my little asshole.

We teased each other, her digits dancing over my dirty hole, my fingers sliding up and down her cuntlips. I nursed on her clit-dick, her precum spilling into my mouth as I enjoyed every bit of her tongue stroking my labia while her finger caressed my asshole in slow circles.

Then her finger pressed on my sphincter.

I groaned as my anal ring widened to take her digit. She wiggled into my velvety bowels. My pussy clenched. I groaned as the heat melted own to my pussy being so deliciously licked by my mother's wicked tongue.

I had to return the favor.

I thrust two of my digits into her pussy, into the hole that birthed Kurtis and me. Her hermaphrodite-cock throbbed in my mouth. The flavor of her precum grew in strength. It was this wonderful delight.

I suckled on her with such happy delight. I nursed with passion on her, my cheeks hollowing as I bobbed my head. I slid my lips up and down her flesh. Her pussy clamped down on my digits. She moaned into my snatch, her tongue fluttering around my clit.

She pumped her finger in and out of my asshole. She thrust it in deep and wiggled it about in me. I groaned, savoring the delight. Pleasure rushed over me. I shuddered, squirming my twat against her mouth. Her tongue caressed up and down my pussy folds.

This was such a delicious treat. I groaned around her cock, my orgasm building and building.

Oh, yes, yes, my daughter has such naughty fingers and a wonderful mouth, Mother moaned into my cunt.

A pleased thrill rushed through me. My hair pulsed red with my fiery passion.

I sucked harder on my mother's cock. My flickering hair flowed around me, my passion building and building as she worked her finger in and out of my asshole. That naughty delight had me nursing with passion on her hermaphrodite-dick while my fingers plundered her cunt.

Her silky flesh gripped my digits. She moaned into my cunt, her tongue thrusting into my depths. She swirled around in me, her finger fucking in and out of my asshole. I was hurtling towards my orgasm. Just towards that big burst of pleasure that would have me gasping out in rapture.

Mother danced her tongue about in my pussy, teasing me. I moaned on her cock, my drool running down her shaft other hairless folds. Her cunt clenched down my digits thrusting into her depths. Her toes curled. 

I brought her closer and closer to cumming. Closer and closer to flooding my mouth with all her salty cum. I would gulp it all down. Just drink down all that wonderful spunk. It would be just the best thing in the world.

Oh, Pyrriah, my mother moaned, her finger wiggling about in my asshole. You're going to make me cum!

I whimpered my delight around her cock, her precum growing saltier and saltier. 

I thrust my fingers faster in and out of her cunt. Her pussy clamped down, her flesh so hot about my digits. My hair glowed brighter, my orgasm hurtling closer and closer to bursting through me. My mother licked my clit.

Then she sucked on it.

My hair flared bright. I burst with rapture.

I squealed around my mother's girl-dick. I jammed fingers deep into her cunt as juices flooded out of my pussy and bathed her mouth. My asshole convulsed around her digit. Pleasure rushed through my body. I bucked on her, sucking hard on her hermaphrodite-cock.

Oh, yes, yes, she moaned. Gods, that's good. Matar's big dick and juicy cunt!

Hot cum erupted into my mouth.

I reveled in the delight of her hermaphrodite-spunk flooding my mouth. It was such a wonderful treat. I gulped it down. I swallowed down her jizz, the salty delight setting my taste buds alight. My hair burned so bright as we shared in our incestuous passion.

I quivered through the bliss. I reveled in the delight. I gulped down load after load of her cum. I swallowed it all. It flowed down to my belly and warmed me up. This was such a delight to share this pleasure with her while my mind drowned in bliss.

Wonderful, buzzing, amazing bliss.

This was so sweet because we had won. My brother and I had defeated them. No, my brother had defeated Tharaka and Solja. Despite my superior swordsmanship, Kurtis had led the day. He had tamed Tharaka to his will and used her to convince her brother to surrender.

Kurtis was amazing.

And I was born to fight at his side.

I slid my mouth off my mother's cock. I swallowed the cum and then rolled off of her. I stared down at her, my body shuddering. She smiled at me, her lips smeared in pussy juices. She stretched her arms over her head, her clit-dick throbbing.

Oh, Pyrriah, daughter, that was amazing, she groaned.

What am I, Mother? I asked. Why am I so different from the others.

You're my daughter, she said, smiling. What else matters?

That's not

A loud knock wrapped the door. A loud one that echoed through the room. Everyone snapped their heads over there. Kurtis, with Lasla and princess Naryu, rose. Then he marched towards it looking so strong.

I rose to join him.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Kurtis

Open it, Nephi, I said to my sphinx guarding the door. So often these days she had to stand by while the rest of us had our fun.

Pyrriah came up beside me as Nephi opened the door, her large breasts swaying. On the other side was a Naithan woman with a sly smile on her lips. She had long, wavy hair that fell down her back. A silver chain ran from the piercing on her nostril to an earring on her left lobe. It swayed against her brown cheek. 

Yes? I frowned. You're Pradu, right? The slave master.

What are you doing here? Lasla demanded, her voice full of disgust. I vaguely remembered Lasla going to meet with Pradu to learn some techniques about being a mistress and came back in a huff. 

I am here to offer congratulations on your victory, Noble Kurtis, she said, her smile broad but there was something oily about it. She glanced over at Nephi and then at the other slaves in the room. My mother rose, her cock having vanished. 

Pradu walked past me without a concern in the world. Not a leave to enter. She looked down at Princess Lavhi and, with her slippered foot, pushed the slave over until she lay on her back. The slaver shook her head, her wavy hair dancing around her head.

Is she good for anything now? she asked with a sneer to her tone. She was unafraid of being alone in my room surrounded by us. Besides moaning like a whore.

Take away her pleasure, and she is very eager to do whatever we want, Lasla said. Otherwise, she's quite docile.

Interesting, said Pradu, arching an eyebrow. And Princess Naryu, I hear you are... more intact.

They didn't break me like my cousin, said Princess Naryu. What are you doing here, cousin?

My, you let the whore speak, Pradu said, turning to me. 

Cousin? I asked.

I am looking forward to seeing what you are made of in the Trial of Pain, she said, staring at me. Mmm, I cannot wait to see you on your knees.

I felt her desires. She liked to inflict pain. It was the only way she could find her climax. If she wasn't hearing screams, she couldn't even get wet. She was barely aroused right now. What little she felt was the possibility of torment to come.

How do you know about it? I demanded. Who is she, Princess Naryu?

Princess? Pradu laughed in mocking derision. You call your slave 'princess' like she's not a whore wearing your collar.

I call her by what she is, I growled, anger in her. She's a princess and my slave. It pleases me to remind her of it and myself.

Mmm, there's that fire from the arena, said Pradu, smiling. You can tell him who I am, slave.
I am telling him who you are because he commanded it, slut, Princess Naryu snapped back. She's my mother's favorite slave trainer. My cousin, Pradu.

Is she a rakshasa or is she related to you by your father? I asked.

Can any human be as arrogant as this cunt? Princess Naryu said. 

Such a tongue on you, said Pradu. You have lost all your civility and upbringing.

I'm a slave now, Princess Naryu. I don't have to be polite to pieces of troll shit like you. Not when you have annoyed my master. My princess-slave turned tome. She's a distant cousin.

Yes, yes, I am nowhere near the line of succession, Pradu said, her eyes flicking around the room. I have had to find other ways to survive.

I focused on her. You're here to administer the trial on me. Come here to dig some daggers in, get me off-balanced for it?

Whoops, she said in mock dismay. She shrugged. I guess I'm a little eager, but, yes, I will be the one to break you. She smiled from ear to ear. I've never failed to break anyone. Of course, I won't have forever. You just have to endure. For a time. But how much can you take.

Try me, I said, feeling that sadism in her. She stared at me with such hunger, her pussy growing wetter as her fantasy flicked through her mind. 

Oh, yes, you are quite the specimen. If you break, well, I get to keep you. She smiled. Then I will have all the time to mold you into just what I want.

Lasla's face paled.

You will make such an obedient ass-licker, continued Pradu. And when I grow bored of you, I shall sell you on the block. You will be begging to be sold, so ready to do whatever your new owner commands because I will have destroyed you and remade you into a thing.

Nephi growled and loomed over Pradu.

So scary, purred the rakshasa-slaver. She gave a mock shiver. I shall see you tomorrow, Kurtis. Mmm, I hope you are ready for what is to come. Pain is what controls the beast. It's the first thing we learn. Pain is our first teacher. You shall experience that reality, Kurtis.

She sauntered out of the room. Nephi slammed the door shut in the woman's wake, the boom echoing through the room.

This is... concerning, Master, Princess Lavhi said. I had known you would be tormented, but I had not thought my mother would put her in charge. I fear you may have impressed her, but you have also stolen one of her daughters and made her into a slut. Queens never forget a slight to them.

Gods damn it, I growled. I gave your mother pleasure.

And?

She's a monster, Lasla said. You can't go through with this. She stared at me. Kurtis, I mean it. We have to leave. We don't need to be an ambassador to the naga.

This is the fastest way to see the Serpent Oracle, I said. I grinned at her. Besides, do you really think I will break?

Lasla bit her lower lip. I'm concerned at how far she'll go. There are limits, even for a demigod.

I overcame the Trial of Steel, and I will overcome the Trial of Pain, too, I said. The queen might be mad I stole her daughter, but she's going to play fair. You'll see.

Will she?

I grabbed my sister by the hips and pulled her to me. My cock brushed her stomach and slid up her flesh. I stared into her eyes and smiled. I do. Have faith in me. I've brought us this far, haven't I?

Yes, she said. 

My hands slid around her. I felt her desires kindling. She responded to me. Las's lust flowed through her veins, too. I leaned in and kissed my sister. My lips melted to hers. She slid her arms around my body, hugging me.

Her round breasts pressed into my chest. My hands grabbed her ass, parting her butt-cheeks. My dick throbbed, pinned between us. I was definitely in a certain mood tonight. I pushed my sister back and then down onto the bed. She shuddered as I mounted her, my tongue dancing in her mouth.

Her fingernails clawed my back. She scratched at me as I kissed her with passion. My tongue danced in her mouth. I licked and lapped at her. I loved the taste of her. I savored the way she whimpered into the kiss. It was incredible to experience.

I grabbed my cock and slid it down between our bodies, shifting my position. I dragged my cock through her pussy lips. She groaned as I brushed her clit, her little nub sliding into my dick's slit for just a moment. 

Then I was pushing my cock past her taint. She broke the kiss. Oh, Kurtis, yes, yes, fuck my ass.

You're always ready for me, aren't you?

Always, she moaned. You know that. I am your woman. Your sister. We are the same flesh.

I smiled at her and pressed my cock into her asshole. She wrapped her thighs around my waist, gripping me tight. Her tight sphincter felt wonderful on my cock. I would pound her hard. I would fuck her so hard.

I pushed against her bowels. She shuddered, her eyes widening. Her smile grew broader and broader as I pushed and pushed against her. She shuddered, this delight shining in her eyes. Her anal ring widened.

I popped into her bowels.

Oh, Kurtis, she moaned.

My sweet sister, I panted, pressing my cock into her bowels. 

Her back arched, pressing her round boobs into my chest. Oh, yes, yes, that's it. That's so good. Yes, yes, that's amazing. Las's big dick!

I kissed my sister as I pressed deeper and deeper into her bowels. Our tongues danced as her anal sheath welcomed me all the way in her. I loved the feel of her beneath me. She was amazing. Just what I needed.

My dick throbbed in her bowels. I drew back, savoring the way her asshole clung to my cock. Her flesh massaged me. I shuddered and then thrust back into her cunt. I buried to the hilt in her, loving the way her bowels held me.

I pumped away at her. I fucked her hard and fast as we kissed. Her fingernails clawed my back. She raked them as I buried my cock into the heaven of her bowels. My balls smacked over and over into her taint.

Pyrriah savored getting eaten out by Princess Lavhi while my dragon-mother had let her cock sprout again and pounded Princess Naryu in the ass. The sounds were such a delight as I pumped hard into my sister's bowels.

It was such a wonderful delight to hear.

I fucked her with passion. I plundered her flesh with hard strokes. I groaned with each one. I buried into her asshole, kissing her. She clawed at my back hard. Her passion was wild. I savored the pain, remembering how Tharaka had done it.

There was pleasure found in pain. 

I could do this. I could beat Pradu.

I pumped away harder and faster into my sister's asshole. I broke the kiss, staring into her blue eyes. She grinned at me as I pumped away at her. I loved the passion in them and savored how her asshole clung to me.

Oh, yes, yes, I love my brother's cock! moaned Lasla.

I love my sisters' bodies! I groaned, pumping away so hard and fast. I felt her orgasm building in her just like mine swelled in my nuts.

Good, she moaned. Make me cum, Kurtis. Show me your prowess. That passion that brims in your balls! Give it to me!

Going to flood you, I groaned, thrusting into my sister, her asshole squeezing down tight on my cock. It felt amazing.

Every thrust into my sister's asshole brought me closer and closer to cumming. Closer and closer to that moment when I would dump my jizz into her asshole. I shuddered, savoring the passion of making love to my sister.

I would defeat Pradu. She would not beat me. I was Las's son. She had no idea who she was dealing with. I thrust away at my sister's asshole, her body quivering. She held me tight, her pussy rubbing into my crotch on every stroke.

Her orgasm swelled and swelled. We were feeling each other building and building towards that wonderful moment of climax. It would be amazing. We would share it, giving each other that wonderful rapture.

That amazing pleasure.

I kissed her with passion. Our lips melted together as she clawed my back. My balls tightened. She was so close. I let myself relax, savoring her asshole massaging my cock. I buried to the hilt in her bowels just as she gasped into my lips.

We came together.

Our bodies, in sync thanks to our father's powers, burst with rapture. My sister squealed into my lips. I groaned into hers. My cum fired into her spasming asshole. Her pussy juices gushed out of her twat. Her cream bathed my bush and soaked around my cock.

I broke the kiss, gasping, Gods, that's great. That's amazing.

Love you, Kurtis! she moaned. Oh, Gods, I love you! 

Love you, too! I groaned, spurting more and more cum into her asshole. 

Her flesh rippled around me, sucking at me. I groaned as the pleasure shot through my body. I shuddered on her as I pumped every last bit of cum into her asshole I had. The rapture wreathed my mind as she whimpered beneath me.

Pradu cannot beat me, I whispered to my sister. She is used to dealing with mortals, but we're half divine. We are half lust, Lasla.

I know, she said, hugging tight. But... She's cruel. Sadistic. She's going to hurt you.

And you and the others are going to soothe away my pain. I smiled at her. You'll see. I will conquer Pradu and the Trial of Pain.

She stared into my eyes and then sighed. You believe that, don't you.

With every bit of my soul. I am going to conquer her. You'll see. It won't be me giving up at all. I'm invincible, Lasla. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Lasla

I'm invincible, Lasla.

Those words echoed over and over through Lasla's mind as the night wore on. Everyone was finding their beds. Kurtis was the first to fall asleep with Pyrriah crawling beside him and falling asleep on his shoulder.

I couldn't join them. The idea of sleep just eluded me. It seemed like such a foreign concept with what loomed tomorrow. Seeing the queen and officially learning what the Trial of Pain entailed. I already had a glimmer of it before, but now that I knew what it was, I didn't want to think of Kurtis going through such a barbaric act.

But he would have to. He would have to endure Pradu's whips and claws. Who knew what that woman would do to him. What could I do to help him? Nothing I could think of. Princess Naryu implied that someone other than Pradu could have been chosen.

Queen Athirmi could have picked anyone to administer it, and yet she chose the one that would cause Kurtis the most pain. Vengeance. It was such a petty motivation. I hugged myself tight. I wanted to march up to Queen Athirmi and berate her.

How dare you choose Pradu over another! I would say. If you don't want him to succeed then don't let him do this. Why put him in this position?

I should do it, I muttered.

Then I frowned and asked myself, Why not? I'm Las's daughter. I'm a demigoddess. I can be bold like Kurtis.

Bold like Kurtis.

I had dominated slaves before. I enjoyed giving orders. Telling others what to do. This was the ultimate form of that. I could just march up there and assert that Kurtis needed a more impartial administer to do it.

My eyes flicked to Nephi. Mother and Naryu were retiring to the bedroom to sleep. Lavhi lay on her side, her orgasms finally driving her to an exhausted sleep. She wouldn't be a problem, but Nephi... She was the one I had to get past her to do this. Kurtis would never want me to do this.

He would object. Be stubborn. He would take on the worst that Queen Athirmi threw at him just out of sheer arrogance.

I am invincible, Lasla.

That was why he would do this idiocy. The victory in the arena only bolstered his belief.

So I had to be the one to do this. I had to be the one to march up to Queen Athirmi and get her to see reason. 

I sidled up to Nephi. 

Yes, Mistress? she asked, a per to her voice.

You're not happy about Pradu administering the test, are you, I whispered.

She tensed and glanced at me. Are you?

Of course not! I hissed, not wanting to wake anyone up. She's cruel and vindictive. She's going to hurt Kurtis. That's something that we can't let happen.

We, Mistress?

I have a plan. I pressed up against her. I just need your help.

You have but to ask.

I need to see the queen. Tonight. Alone. Kurtis can't know. I need you to let me out and then let me back in.

Mistress, Nephi gasped. You would walk the corridors alone. You would be in danger. Let me go with you.

I'll be fine, I said. If any are going to molest Kurtis by capturing his women, they will come for us here. They won't even consider that I would roam the palace.

That's hardly the only danger, Mistress, Nephi hissed. There are rakshasa's roaming this palace. If they found you unattended, they will pounce on you.

I can feel them. I stared her in the eyes. Sexual desire whisper through the air around me. I'm not as good as Kurtis, but rakshasas are Las's daughters. They are creatures of bloodlust. And that is still a type of lust. I will feel them coming.

And the queen?

She won't hurt me. Lasla felt that with certainty. She wants Kurtis for this task. She won't jeopardize that by taking me. I'll be fine. I just need you to let me pass. Will you help me, Nephi? I have to convince Queen Athirmi to choose someone elseanyone elseto administer the Test of Pain on Kurtis.

Nephi bit her lower lip. She stared at me. I put all the confidence I could into my eyes. I stood there, willing to do this. I would do anything for my brother and my family. Queen Athirmi would face my anger.

Okay, she said, staring at me. But you better come back safe and sound. You know he'll be so angry with me if I let you get hurt doing this.

Save and sound, I said, nodding to her. 

After putting on my robes, Nephi opened the door for me. I took a deep breath. I could do this. I could slip out there and stop Queen Athirmi from doing anything dangerous. This was important. Our family's future depended on whether or not I could stop this insanity from going down.

I slipped out into the hallway. The slave-guards of Princess Lavhi, led by one-eyed Korvan, nodded to me. They were the first line of our defenses and one we didn't trust fully. Though, I should take one of them with me. Perhaps that would be best. 

I should have told Nephi this.

Korvan, with me, I said without a brook of doubt. I had complete confidence in my voice.

Of course, Mistress, he said and fell in behind me as I marched forward.

That was how one dominated. Attitude. You believed you were in charge, and people obeyed. So I strode with my back straight, my black hair dancing around my shoulders. I wouldn't project a bit of weakness what so ever. I would march ahead and show Queen Athirmi that she had to choose someone less biased than Pradu.

She and I had our disagreement about the handling of slaves. I had not hide my disgust and insisted that pleasure would be better than pain. Pradu wanted to prove differently by inflicting harm on my brother.

I would not let her.

Where are we going, Mistress? Korvan asked. If I am permitted to know.

To Queen Athirmi's bed chambers.

He sucked in a breath and looked behind him. Perhaps we should

Unless you can guide me to it, you will remain silent and follow, I commanded. I will see you punished.

Yes, Mistress, he said. I know how to get there. Would you permit me to lead the way, or would you prefer to follow?

Follow. I smiled at him. Lead me true, and you shall be rewarded.

Yes, Mistress, he said, bowing.

I smiled. I had that problem solved.

He marched before me through the dark passages of the ziggurat. We stared in the outside corridors where lights burned periodically from braziers or moonlight streamed through open balconies. He climbed us up and up.

I felt the cruelty of the rakshasas around us. From rooms that we passed, came their strong desire to cause pain. The bloodlust was a part of them. Some of those they hurt enjoyed it, others being abused I felt no arousal from so I knew they only felt agony. 

It was sickening. Pain should not be apart of pleasure. I knew my father's cum had produced monsters, but I was truly feeling it moving through the hallways. I had yet to feel a rakshasa who wasn't engaged in some form of sadism.

Servants moved through the walls, handsome men or beautiful women in transparent silks. One woman had lash marks all across her tits and tear stains on her chest. And yet, she had the feeling of one who had bee utterly satiated. Her golden collar had a length of chain dangling from it that rattled as she walked.

As we climbed higher, I asked, Are we heading to the throne room?

It is where she sleeps, he answered as we headed outside.

I sensed a new form of lust. There was no sadism to it. It was a woman being fucked hard. She was enjoying a huge cock ramming into her cunt. But, no, she had heated herself with sadism. I could feel a woman whimpering from being spanked so hard she had cum.

The air of the Ziggurat blew cool around us as we climbed up the outside stairs. I moved ahead of Korvan. There was the open throne room, exposed to the elements. Naith and Ankush had a warm climate. It was said lands to the north, it was too cold to go about mostly naked and even frozen rain fell from the sky.

Snow.

Yes, yes, yes, a voice hissed from above. Brazier burned, light flickering around the columns. We came closer and closer. Ram that cock into me, nag!

Your majesty! a broad voice yelled.

A dark shape dropped down from the shadows. I gasped as I saw that it was a giant spider. It had black skin and a red hourglass on the abdomen. White hair spilled from its head, something I had never seen.

I froze as its pincers clucked together in menace. Compound eyes fixed on me. You have not been invited to see the queen.

I swallowed.

Oh, pound my cunt! Queen Athirmi moaned.

Yes, Your Majesty, the stud fucking her groaned. Hooves clomped. One of the centaurs, so a stud in truth.

I must speak with Queen Athirmi at her earliest convenience, I told the giant spider, shocked that such a thing was here. What was she?

Her Majesty is... in an important meeting, said the spider. She does not wish to be interrupted.

Not before she has her climax, I said, swallowing. I do understand. I don't wish to steal away her pleasure from her. I just need to speak with her.

Pater's huge dick! Queen Athirmi moaned. I'm almost there. Yes, yes, fuck me so hard!

Come back in the morning, the spider said.

NO! The words burst out of me. I faced down the spider without a hint of fear. I was a mistress. Slave, when your mistress has her climax, tell her that Lasla, sister of Kurtis, request an audience with her.

The spider twitched her head. I should bite you and be done with it. Own prick of my pincers, and you will die screaming, girl.

I folded my arms. That is not how you speak to your betters, is it, slave.

Las's big dick and Gewin's mighty cock! growled the queen, her voice growing more and more feline. She roared with majesty.

I felt her climax burst through her. My pussy almost spasmed in time with her writhing cunt. her pleasure swept through her. She snarled out and then the centaur erupted. He neighed as he pumped his cum into her pussy.

The spider clicked her pincers, her eyes fixed on me. She does not see guests in the middle of the night.

She will see me, I declared, staring down at the spider. Now go! Scurry to your mistress. She's had her climax. The centaur is dumping his cum in her pussy.

I am not risking her displeasure just so

I will see her, said Queen Athirmi, her voice ringing out. Lady Lasla is much concerned about her beloved brother.

The spider clicked her fangs. Displease her majesty, and I will be so eager to give you my kiss.

I swallowed, my stomach twisting into knots. This was such a bad, bad idea. But I had made my decision. I would do what I could for my brother. I climbed the walkway up the stairs, my fingers twitching. I had to be in command.

One mistress facing another.

To be continued...
