The sun was a perfect round orb surrounded by a sky that was so blue and so clear. Birds were singing and squirrels were chasing each other through the trees. There was a chill in the air, but it was fresh and clean.

They were bundled in blankets near the edge of the lake. He was lying on his back holding Wesley in his arms. It was incredibly peaceful, and a part of him wished they never had to leave.

Here, he didn’t have to help run a ship or deal with emergencies, or anything except just be with Wesley.

They had spent most of the morning talking. They had talked about the mundane, they had talked about the past, and they had talked about the fact that Wesley was going to have to leave the ship at some point to attend the Academy. That had led to a discussion, albeit a brief one, of the future.

He was amazed at how easy it was to find a place for Wesley in his future. He slipped in like Will had planned on him being there all along. It made him happy in a way he never thought possible.

It had been such a lazy day and he could feel sleep trying to pull him under. He didn’t want to nap though. He wanted to keep talking to Wesley, keep touching Wesley and trading kisses with Wesley.

“Wes.”

“Hmm,” came the lazy reply. It sounded like Wesley was on the precipice of sleep as well. He kissed the top of Wesley’s head.

“Tell me something you want to do, Wes. Tell me a fantasy.”

“You mean like how I think about bending you over my console and fucking you in front of the entire bridge?”

Immediately after saying that Wesley clapped a hand down over his mouth and turned bright red. He turned and buried his head into Will’s neck and groaned. Will was pretty sure the only reason that Wes had let something like that slip was because of how sleepy and relaxed he was feeling.

He really wanted to chuckle at how embarrassed Wesley was, but he knew that would only make the kid feel worse. So he hugged Wesley tighter and took a moment to collect his thoughts, not wanting to say something stupid to Wesley.

The idea appealed to him, but he just couldn’t believe that it was something Wesley wanted to do. And if he was reading into it right, and he was sure he was, there were two kinks mixed into that whole thing. Two kinks that Will would never have pegged Wesley as having. He was going to keep that fantasy in mind though, and he already had a plan forming. Something he could surprise Wesley with.

Right now, he really needed to say something. All that came out of his mouth though was, “that was really hot.” Not the greatest thing he’d ever come up with, but Wesley snorted against him.

“I’m glad you think so,” Wesley mumbled into his neck. Will kissed Wesley on the top of his head again, and brought one of his hands up to run through his hair. He was glad that Wesley wasn’t doing anything to it while they were out here. It was nice to run his hands through loose hair.

“Wes, it was.” His voice was barely above a whisper this time. Wesley lifted his head up and looked at Will. Wesley smiled down at him, finally believing what Will had said. His smile turned into a serious expression almost immediately though.

“What’s the matter, Wesley?”

“It’s just…I’m not supposed to talk about this, but you told me to ask you again in a few months.” He wasn’t looking at Will now, and was starting to turn red again, and was even worrying his bottom lip. The kid was nervous. He knew exactly what Wesley was talking about, and this time he couldn’t help the chuckle.

Wesley glared at him. “You’re laughing at me. That’s great, Will.” He rolled off of Will and onto his back, scooting away from him.

Quickly, before Wesley could move away again, Will rolled over on top of him and pinned him down. Wesley refused to look at him though.

“Aw, Wes. Come on. I can’t help it if I think you’re cute when you’re blushing.” Wesley still wouldn’t look at him. “Okay, listen to me. If you needed it, or even if you just wanted to, I would do it.”

Wesley turned to look at him. “You would?”

“Of course I would. I’d do anything for you.” Will froze as soon as the words left his mouth. He hadn’t planned on saying that, but he realized that it was true. Wesley was smiling up at him, eyes wide and wet. Will smiled back and leaned down to kiss him.

It was unhurried and there was no urgency behind it. It was kissing for just kissing. They hadn’t really done this since they’d started having sex. It was nice to relax into the kiss, to feel Wesley wrap himself around Will, and to know that it wasn’t going to lead anywhere. He relaxed into the kiss, exploring Wesley’s mouth like it was the first time all over again.

It was something they couldn’t do on the ship, not yet anyway. So they took advantage of the little bit of time they had left here and laid out in each others arms just kissing, until the setting of the sun brought them back inside to the warmth of the bed, and the cries of satisfaction tumbled them into dreamless sleep.