------------DISCLAIMER STATEMENT--------------
This is a sexually graphic story with adult 
content. You must be 21 years of age to read. 
The characters in this sexual fantasy story are 
imaginary, and are not a representation, in any 
manner, of any real world person or situation.
IN REAL LIFE, PRACTICE SAFE SEX, NOT THE FANTASY 
THINGS DIPICTED IN THIS STORY

September 2004

You must be 21 years of age to read This Story!!!

Title: Terry The Extractor
Author: Es2c

A Dr. Judy Case File Story:

Story Contents: (Sissydom, Mdom, Fdom, Cum play, Bukkake) 

CAST: 
Terry - Adult Son
Terry's Mother
Dr. Judy - Counselor
Dr. Kelso - Terry's Boss


	"Oh Terry, I'm so glad you brought these pictures over 
for me to see. Just look at you. You look so happy with 
your mouthful of those men's cum."

	"I was very happy mother.  It was so exciting to have 
man after man come before me and ejaculate in my mouth.  
They really enjoyed giving me their rich creamy sperm.  I 
could see it on their faces as I looked up at them as I 
knelt."

	"How many loads did you have in your mouth before you 
had to swallow?"

	"Eight loads.  That's a new record for me.  I was so 
proud of myself."

	"And you should be son.  I'm proud of you too sweetie.  
Here let me give you a nice kiss as a reward."

	Mom gave me a very passionate kiss.  I eagerly let her 
tongue invade my mouth and soon both our tongues were 
swirling and flitting around each other as they went back 
and forth between our two mouths.

	I'm 23 and Mom is 43.  We weren't always this close or 
intimate.  That is until Dr. Judy entered our lives and 
encouraged us to bond in such an intimate manner.

	I starting seeing Dr. Judy 6 months ago.  She's a 
relationship counselor and sexual psychiatrist.

	It was Mother's idea for me to see Dr. Judy. She 
thought that I could use professional help to find both 
sexual and mental well being at the hands of a professional 
rather than her.

 	Within a week after my second session with Dr. Judy, 
she had me sucking Mom's pussy after she'd had sex with a 
black man that Dr. Judy had introduced Mom to.

Dr. Judy also introduced me to something called the 
"Bukkake" experience. Hence the eight loads above.

 That was after she had me take my first taste of 
another man's cum and taught me to be an accomplished 
cocksucker.

From there, she went on to help me develop and evolve 
my taste for jism until I was sucking cocks and mother's 
cum filled pussy often.  After that, Dr. Judy had me 
participating in one Bukkake event after another.

It really is fun having a group of men standing in 
line to shoot off on, and splash and splatter their jism 
all over my face as they use my open mouth as a target for 
their gooey ejaculate.

	"Slurp!"

	The sound of us breaking the juicy kiss seemed to fill 
the room.

	"Oh thank you mother, that was a nice reward.  I guess 
it's not everyday a guy gets a kiss from his Mom for being 
a cocksucker, sissy, and a semen eater."

	"No sweetie, it may not be for others, but just like 
Dr. Judy said, we're special."

	"And that's just the way I feel when I'm around real 
men who have hard stiff dicks and want me to suck on them 
and swallow their jism."

	"You know dear, it does me good to hear you say "real 
men" with such cheerfulness and without hesitation.  It 
took you a while to accept that you were a lesser male and 
definitely not a man in the least."

	"Yes Mother, it did, but with you and Dr. Judy's help, 
I finally came to my senses and realized that being myself, 
namely a soft, molly coddled semen eating pantywaist was 
best for me."

	"I was delighted too when Dr. Judy told me that the 
best thing I could do for you was to introduce you to real 
men's jism from my sloppy wet pussy and teach you how to 
eat me out after being fucked by real men."

	"You're so right Mother.  At first I thought doing 
such a thing was despicable.  But after the next session 
with Dr. Judy, I was ready to eagerly let you guide my head 
between your parted thighs and taste your wet drippy slimy 
cunt."

	"And you took to it so well and got so quickly 
acclimated to tasting and eating real men's dick cum 
wherever you could get it.  You really became a wanton cum 
sucker just like she said you would.  She said she knew it 
was in your blood to eat dick cum."

	"Yes I did get learn to love the taste of the stuff as 
well as the dicks that spurt it out too.  I was so glad 
that Dr. Judy taught me how to suppress my desire to be 
manly, and to release and bolster my inner desire to admire 
and adore manliness in other men, "real men", and to 
express my adoration through submission of myself sexually 
to these real men.

	"What better way than with me on my knees and an open 
mouth for their hard dicks and for them to leave their hot 
spend in me."

	"I have to agree with you sweetie."  Mother said 
planting another kiss on my forehead.

	"Thank you Mom.  In this picture, one of the guys has 
me sitting on his lap with his hands on my ass and thighs.  
He was whispering in my ears how he was going to fuck my 
mouth and ass and get his dick thoroughly soft by getting 
his nuts off in me.  That's why I'm smiling and giggling 
so.  I wanted done to me everything he was saying.  It was 
such a delicious feeling to know he wanted to put his big 
dick in me so bad and shoot his load of hot pent up cum in 
me.

	"I eagerly answered "Yes" to him when he asked me if I 
was a cocksucking sissy fag.  I don't know why, but it 
gives me a sweet titillation to say that to a man.

	"Mother, I felt truly special when he started pulling 
my panties off right there in front of the other men and 
indicated he was going to fuck me like I was a "bitch in 
heat" - his words.  Just imagine, I felt so warm and giddy 
knowing that this real man was going to push his big hard 
dick in me and treat me like a woman in front of you and 
all his buddies too."

	"I could tell you were excited about him wanting to 
fuck you."
  
	"Yes I was.  And after he was through using me, I was 
so pleased with his compliment that I was a "Good piece of 
ass and as good a real cunt". Just like Dr. Judy had told 
me, there is no greater honor than to be acknowledged that 
I'm as good a fuck as a woman."

(((DOC JUDY HELPS ME LAND A JOB))))))

	"You really think I should take it mother?"

	"Of course you should dear, think of all the dicks 
you'll be handling. Besides, you'll be doing something of 
importance.  You'll be helping the clinic get quality sperm 
from well fondled and licked, aroused cocks, not just some 
cum from men who are whacking off from a memory that 
aroused them.  Believe me sweetie, it's just not the same.  
Hence, the jism they shoot won't be the same either."


"W-Well, yes, I guess you have a point there.  If a 
man has someone helping him get off, he probably shoots 
richer thicker cum."

"That's right, he does honey. And besides sweetie, Dr. 
Judy wants you to have this job as an Extractor Nurse's 
Aide at the fertility clinic.  Your assistance in milking 
men of their spunk is a very important part of the clinic's 
process to test the men to see if they're fit as donors.  I 
just know you won't let her down, especially since she has 
vouched for you to the owner of the Hilton Clinic."

I took the Sperm Extractor job as mother and Dr. Judy 
wanted of me.

I didn't realize that I would have to dress so 
effeminately, but I got use to it after wearing the pink 
nurse's uniform and loud makeup and perfume the second day 
of work.  

	It was on the third day that I handled my first cock.  
The potential donor's cock was small to medium, but he was 
really thrilled to have me fondled and licking on his stiff 
member to get him near to ejaculation.

	His tool looked so adorable all stiff and wet from the 
wetness of my mouth.  It was easy to tell he was trying to 
make licking, suckling, and fondling this last a bit longer 
before coming.

	The clinic taught me that some delay in the men 
shooting their jism improves the richness of the ejaculate. 

However, they didn't want the men to lose control and 
come in my mouth, but be able to hold back enough until I 
could quickly slip a thick latex rubber type cup over the 
tip of their rigid penises and collect as much of their 
spurted cum I could.

	The cup was designed like a small rubber sock, which 
easily slipped over the head of the largest or smallest of 
cocks.  After that, I used one hand to hold the mouth of 
the rubber sock closed around the dick head and the other I 
held the man's warm, soft and hairy balls. 
	
	It was pretty easy to accomplish this, as the men were 
paid for their semen specimen so they made sure that their 
cum got in the cup.

It was really exciting to be holding my first client's 
penis and nut sac, and feeling the palpitations and 
pulsation of his semen as it rushed through his cock shaft, 
as he emptied his balls into the soft latex receptacle. 
This was fun.  

After it was apparent the man had shot his load, I 
gently eased the latex off the head of his dick and set the 
rubber sock, that was designed to stay open and somewhat 
rigid, but yet soft and flexible, in a special holding 
fixture. 

I next pushed the fixture through a small port with a 
spring loaded flip door.  On the other side of the small 
dimly lit room where I worked, was a specimen testing lab.

"You want this?"  I heard my clinic client ask.

Still on my knees, I turned my head back toward him.  
There was a large drop of dredge jism that's dribbled out 
his dick head and formed in the pee slit and was hanging 
there very precariously.  It was about to drop any moment.

Without an answer or the slightest hesitation, I 
snapped my head over to his softened penis and engulfed his 
shrunken dick head and collected his offering.

I suckled and milked it for a moment before he pulled 
it from my lips.

"Wow!  That's damn good. I can tell you're working in 
the right place."  Said the man as he patted me on the head 
after pulling up and his pants and zipping up before he 
walked away.

Before I could savor the bit of jism I tasted from my 
brief suckling of his languished cock, another clinic 
client was ushered into the room for his semen extraction.

The traffic into the small enclosure was constant.  
Before I knew it I had extracted 20 loads in less than five 
hours.  I wasn't tired in the least when lunch time rolled 
around. And just like with my first client of the day, I 
milked residual dredge cum drop, hanging from the men's 
dicks after they each ejaculated. I considered that a job 
perk.

It was fun suckling all those dribbling dicks for 
semen dredges.  One guy even shot a second load in my 
mouth, because his dick got hard due to my dredge milking.

I didn't say anything to the clinic staff, and I knew 
he wouldn't.  I just thought of it as another perk.  "Hee! 
Hee!".

At the end of the day, I had serviced 41 clinic 
clients.

Dr. Kelso, the doctor in charge asked me to stay 
around after closing.  He was a friend of Dr. Judy and who 
hired me on her say so.

"Terry, that was mighty fine work for your first day.  
You broke the one day record for any extractor we've had 
and tried before."

I thanked Dr. Kelso.  

"Dr. Judy says you're quite a cocksucker too and just 
loves the taste of cum."

"W-Well I-I d-don't find it unpleasant."

"Good, then how about sucking my dick.  Your lips look 
so damn good.  I want them wrapped around my dick."

I was caught off guard by his directness, but as with 
so many other situations I'd been in before, and especially 
from Dr. Judy's training, I just did as was expected of me.  
Things just seem to work out better for me when I do what 
other expect me to do.

His cock was nicely shaped and about a solid seven 
inches in length and thick in girth.  It started off as a 
slow sucking where I did most of the work and ended up with 
him basically fucking my face and shooting a very 
respectable load of thick, very warm semen down my throat.

It's still a bit scary when a man treats my mouth like 
some hooker's cum dump pussy, but yet I like the feel of 
being roughly mouth fucked.  It seems the more I get face 
fucked that way, the better I'm able to handle a man 
ejaculating without warning and for me to avoid gagging and 
choking. Dr. Judy has told me as much.  Her words were:  
"The more experience, the more you'll develop a sixth sense 
for when he's going to shoot and how to handle his load 
without choking."  

"I bet that was good for you, cause it was good for 
me."  He said as I sipped down a drink of water to clear 
and wash down the residue of his thick, but tasty jism.  I 
said nothing, but nodded with a nervous smile at his 
comment.  Confident assertive men like Dr. Kelso easily 
intimidate me, yet I admired them for their strength and 
self-assurance.  It just seemed I should be submissive to 
them.

"C'mon follow me Terry.  I want to show you 
something."

I followed him as we walked toward the specimen-
testing lab down a long hall. We were the only ones left in 
the building. He began to talk.

"Terry, I can see you're everything that Judy said you 
were.  You're soft, tame and meek. Plus, you look like a 
fairy, you walk like a sissy, and you really suck dick 
well.  And I might add, you take a face fucking very well 
too.  And on top of all that you don't find swilling down 
dick scum unpleasant.  I think all that is very admirable.  
Judy tells me your mother is very proud of you for the 
sissy fag cum slut you've become.  

"Well, I say you should be proud of yourself. Aren't 
you?"

Again, too nervous to speak freely to such an august 
assertive man, who was a doctor no less and my top boss. I 
felt easier just nodding my head up and down.

"Good, it's good seeing a man comfortable at his 
station in life, even if it's at or below what society 
might say is at the level of sewer flotsam. Ha! Ha! Ha!"

In response to his chuckle, I just feigned a nervous 
smile.  I wasn't upset at his statement in the least.  
Dr. Judy and Mother had frequently told me similar things 
and helped me feel comfort with such words.  In fact, I was 
very comfortable being talked down to and about in such a 
manner.

Dr. Kelso unlocked the door to the specimen testing 
lab and proceeded to explained to me the cum testing 
process.  To my surprise, of the samples I had extracted 
and passed into the lab, only a very small portion was 
used.  The rest of each man's cum load was dumped into a 
large flask for disposal.

Dr. Kelso opened the refrigerator and removed the 
flask that had just been sealed and put there from today's 
collection.  On the side was written "Waste Semen For 
Disposal".  There easily had to be almost 3/4 liter of 
spent cum.

The contents were whitish with a scummy froth on top 
with a slightly yellowish tint.

As Dr. Kelso sloshed the sealed flask around, there 
was what appeared to be occasional thick curds or clumps of 
whitish masses in the melded mixture.

"Terry, you're responsible for most of this.  This is 
the outpouring from the 56 men who passed through here 
today.  Here let's warm this up to see how it smells and 
looks, at more closely to normal nut sac temperature which 
is about 99 degrees F."  Spoke Dr. Kelso as he placed a 
couple of plastic coated metal strips in the now opened 
flask.

He went on to explain that he was using an instrument 
that would use magnetic induction to heat the sperm and 
stir it at the same time.

It turns out the plastic coated metal strips were 
magnetically forced to swirl in the thick fluids and were 
heated at the same time through induction.

It didn't take long for Dr. Kelso to determine that 
the flask of waste sperm was at the temperature he wanted.

I had no idea why Dr. Kelso was showing me this 
demonstration or heating the semen.  I took him at his word 
that he wanted to show me what it smelled like at "nut sac" 
temperature. 

"Ah, it's ready.  Here let's pour out a cup of it."  
He said as he reached over and retrieved a clear glass 
coffee cup.

By now the strong scent of the body temperature jism 
filled the air.  The blended semen was indeed powerful, but 
in an erotic way the smell was enticing to me.

"See how it pours, so creamy and slimy and pudding 
like. I'm going to give you an opportunity most little 
fairy faglets like you don't often get."

When he told me that he wanted me to drink down the 
cup of heated gooey, gloppy, slimy ball cream, all I could 
do was look at him in bewilderment.

Despite the fact that through my training and 
cocksucking experience, I'd swallowed many, many loads of 
sperm, never had I ever dreamed of consuming such an amount 
of what was before me now, and especially in such a manner.

(((TELLING MOM I'M A CUM DRINKER))))

	"If he didn't think it was so important, Dr. Kelso 
wouldn't assign you the responsibility of disposing of the 
daily sperm waste."

	"Y-Yes, I understand that part Mother. It-It's the  
drinking it down by the cupfuls t-that had me a bit 
puzzled."

	"Well dear, he obviously thought you could handle such 
an important task, and deserved such a reward.  After all, 
he did say  you extracted the bulk of all jism tested 
daily.  So rather than having to pay to dispose of the slop 
cum as medical waste, as they normally would, why not feed 
it to you?  After all you are acclimated to the taste of 
semen and it's full of nutritious protein too.  I don't see 
why you have any reservations about doing this."

	"I-I've been doing it for a week now, a-and you're 
right, I-I already had an acquired taste for ejaculate, but 
that was hot from men's dicks.  B-But drinking the stuff 
down by the cupfuls, even if it's been heated is-is so 
different."

	"Why is that sweetie?"

	"W-Well Mother, as I've told you, I-I've been drinking 
the slop semen specimens down for a week so far.  And I-I 
have to admit, I've gotten use to the flavor of the melded 
gooey creamy cum.  It does have a slimy initial and after 
taste, but in between that, the taste isn't that bad, not 
at all.  It is very slimy going down.  However, I'm  
getting use to the lingering aftertaste, as well as the 
strong seminal smell too. 

"I've been drinking a little less than a liter a day 
so far.  One day I did drink down more than a liter.  And 
the other thing, when Dr. Kelso first offered and insisted 
that I drink heated waste sperm, I wanted to object.  But I 
couldn't find it in me to refuse him. There was something 
in me that didn't want to spoil his expectation of having 
and seeing me drink down, what many would consider 
repulsive and simply contemptibly nasty body fluids. 
 
"Yet, something in me knew I had to do what was being 
demanded of me.  In a way, because Dr. Kelso was so 
superior to me and I was so inferior to him, and men in 
general.  By drinking what others deemed contemptible, I 
was praising his superiority and appeasing my inferiority.

"I say appeasing because while I was concerned about 
what others would think of me for drinking down such a 
large amount of slimy gloppy slop jism, at the same time, I 
was intrigued by the idea of being a human slop bucket for 
Dr. Kelso.  I-I hope this makes sense Mother."

"It makes perfect sense darling.  In simple terms, you 
need to please those who are superior to you, and in so 
doing, you appease your inner needs.  Honey, you're simply 
a soft, sweet, warm hearted, submissive sissy, and you have 
no reason to be ashamed of that.  Plus Mother Nature has 
equipped you to deal with and delight in the taste of jism 
as well as being used as a doormat. 

"People, and especially men are going to take 
advantage of you and that's why I encouraged Dr. Judy to 
train you in a variety of ways you could be humiliated by 
others in order that you'd be prepared for the future.

"Sweetie, you and I both know you're pretty much 
worthless as a man.  Instead, your worth basically comes 
from how well you please men. Okay?"

"Y-Yes Mother, I see."

Mother and I talked for a long while about why I 
should be upbeat about my unworthiness as a man and that 
Dr. Kelso thought enough of me to have selected me as a 
slop semen eater.

When I met with Dr. Judy, as part of my recurring 
counseling sessions with her, her advice was literally the 
same as Mother's.  

Dr. Judy was very delighted that I was drinking so 
much sperm.  She also said it was very nutritious for me 
and that it would help me be an even better and more 
confident sissy slut.

This is how one such session with her went.

"Terry, even though the public might perceive of you 
as nothing but a toilet for excess sperm, whether its from  
men's bloated balls, used pussies, or from a fertility 
clinic's waste. The important thing is that you are 
satisfying your inner need to please and be useful to 
others needs.

"And you can feel good also about the public good you 
are doing as you become a station for others to dispose of 
the body by products resulting from their sexual pleasure.

"And Terry, as I've repeatedly instructed you, your 
continued submissive attitude as others dictate to you, 
dominate you, and dick you - always remember the three D's 
- will help your mental well being as well as keep you so 
very happy and pleased with yourself.

"I just had an idea Terry.  Since we've been trying to 
decide on a sexy sissy name for you, other than a feminine 
version of your own, how about "Toiletta"?  It will be a 
constant reminder to you of your role as a sexual disposal 
station, and plus it has a nice ring to it too."

I know it may sound as bizarre as what has already 
happened to me so far as a result of my sessions with Dr. 
Judy, but she was right, it did have a nice sexy ring to 
it. 
Dr. Judy quizzed me for finer details on my cum 
drinking and consumption on the new job she got me at 
Dr. Kelso's (her professional friend) fertility clinic. 

	She was very interested in how I found the taste and 
was exceeding pleased that I had not only acquired a taste 
for the re-heated spent slimy jism, but also developed a 
craving to indulge in drinking the gluey frothy cum slop.

	"On most days, a-about 3 eight ounce cups, but on very 
busy days, I-I've drank down as much as 5 cups.  Dr. Kelso 
has recently told me that he's considering being a slop 
semen waste disposal site for a competitor clinic and he 
expects me to ingest it also."  I replied to Dr. Judy.

	"My, my, you certainly are going to get your fill of 
dick slime.  I guess you'll be drinking jism all day long 
when the other clinic's semen waste comes in?"

	"Y-Yes, that's what Dr. Kelso has suggested instead of 
me doing it all at the end of the day, before I go home. 
That way, I have cum drinking breaks while others are 
having coffee.

"I also seldom desire a big meal at dinner either, I'm 
so full.  That rich cum protein is really filling and 
sticks with you.

	"Dr. Kelso has said he wants me to sip and drink cups 
of it for breakfast, break times, lunch, and of course 
before I leave at the end of the day.  He also said there 
maybe enough for me to take home for evening and weekend 
snacks too."

	"An Excellent idea Terry, oh I'm sorry, Toiletta, from 
now on, in our sessions, I'm going to call you that.  
Okay?"

	I nodded affirmatively and sheepishly to Dr. Judy.

	"As I was about to say, Kelso is always thinking of 
what's best for others.  And the delightful way he's 
treating, training, tutoring and now feeding you, is no 
exception. He's a wonderful role model for the type of 
dominant man that you should obey without question and 
grovel under."  Dr. Judy replied with a broad smile.

	As our session was drawing to a close, Dr. Judy gave 
me her assessment on the video Mother shot of me having 
intercourse with three men that Dr. Judy had sent over to 
our house.

	"Toiletta, I reviewed the video of your meeting with 
the three fellows I sent over to fuck you and I'm very 
pleased at your aptitude and attitude of having intercourse 
with several men."

	"I'm so glad that Mother was present.  It made me feel 
so much more comfortable and at ease around them."  I 
responded to Dr. Judy.

	"I'm glad for that.  She did a good job of shooting 
the video too.  However, Toiletta, you eventually will have 
to let go of her apron string."

	"I know Dr. Judy.  She has told me the same thing.  
But now that I have had intercourse with by 5 different and 
strange men, I do feel a bit more confident about getting 
fucked without her being present.  Mother is pleased at 
that too.  Plus, all 5 of the guys want to take me out and 
do me again.  That has really boosted my self-esteem and 
confidence about being around strange new men.  All 5 of 
the guys you sent over to fuck me want to introduce me to 
some of their buddies too.  So that means I'll also be on 
the end of more strange new dicks."

	"That's excellent. They gave me good reports too.  And 
from the video, it's obvious they enjoyed pushing their 
dicks in your mouth and up your cute ass-cunt and getting 
their nuts off in you, and so did you as you took all their 
hard meat and hot copious cum."

	"I did Dr. Judy, very much.  Having intercourse with 
those men have made me a new person.  It's such a joyful 
feeling to have a man thrusting in you and hearing the 
delightful sounds of pleasure he's getting from doing me.  
A-And when he ejaculates and floods me, it-it's so 
thrilling.  I-I feel so much satisfaction having been a 
participant to a real man getting off in me as if I was a 
woman.  I-I feel so accomplished at having his sperm in me.  
It's always a good feeling to swallow a man's hot spurting 
ejaculate, but it's doubly delighting to be fucked in my 
ass-pussy.  And it's a triple delight to be fucked and suck 
dick in a threesome.  It makes you feel oh so useful and 
needed."

	"Yes Toiletta, you're a sissy fuck hole, and holes 
only have value and worth if men desire to fuck and fill 
them.  Remember that bit of wisdom."

	"Oh yes, yes, I will Dr. Judy. I will.  You're so 
wise."  I replied in a tone of respect and veneration to 
Dr. Judy.

### END ###

	

	



