Corinne gets a friend to help with Simon.

This story is the property of the author. It may be redistributed, copied and stored without changes, though it is not to be used by commercial entities. Using this material in any commercial publication, including websites, without the express permission of the author, will be followed up with legal action. This fictional story was written for the entertainment of adults and should not be viewed by those under the legal age.

This is a story of casual, unprotected sex, and is a work of fiction. In real life, use a condom, damnit! Unwanted babies, HIV and all sorts of lesser sexual diseases await the idiot who "dips his wick" or "rides the rod" without protection.

---

Simon, Chapter 5 (MF, MFF, bi, cons, creampie, Fdom, interr, nc, oral, impreg?)
by Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)

---

*Knock knock!*

That was the back door! Corinne Davison realized that there was only one person who would be so bold. She rushed to the back and saw the slim young man looking in through the door's glass. Opening it up, she hissed, "Simon! My husband's still here! You can't show up this early."

"Okay, I'll make sure to come later next time," he replied as he tried to step past her.

She pushed him back. "No! Go to the tool shed and wait there...he'll leave for work soon."

---

Simon was sitting on a folding chair in the shed, completely bored, when Corinne joined him. "Simon, I think I've found someone who can help you so I don't, um, have to anymore," she informed him.

He frowned. "But you like helping me...you cum a lot," he responded.

"Err...but I shouldn't...I'm married..."

Simon stepped up to her, the skinny young man's head only as tall as hers. "If your husband was properly taking care of you, then you wouldn't need me to make you feel good." Then he kissed her.

Corinne was flabbergasted and pulled back from the kiss. "I...you..." But he was right...her husband had lost interest in her. "I'm only doing this because of the picture."

Simon was confused. What did the picture she took of his cock have to do with this? He didn't realize that she was speaking of the picture he'd taken of her covered in his cum and she had misunderstood his previous comments about it as blackmail. "Even with another lady, I'll still need your help, Mrs. Davison. My whore...whore..."

"Hormones," she reminded him.

"Yeah!"

She sighed and pulled out her phone. "Let me see if she's available now."

As Corinne dialed the number, Simon admired her outfit. It was a tank top with a short summer-y skirt that showed off her nice legs, making it look as if she was going to play tennis. He could feel his cock filling with blood.

"Hey...yeah, now...yeah? Okay, seeya soon." She hung up and slapped Simon's hand away before it touched her breast. "Control yourself...we're heading over now."

---

"Him?!" the woman who had been introduced as Nessa asked, her face unbelieving.

Simon took in the pretty Black woman, one of the first he'd ever met. She was about his 5'9" height, with a voluptuous curvy figure and large breasts that he thought would give his mother a run for her money. Her hair was big, dark and curly.

"Trust me, Nessa, he's the real deal. I brought condoms," Corinne replied.

Nessa let them into her house and turned to Simon. "All right, Third Leg, let's see what'cha got."

Simon looked to Corinne, confused.

"Pull down your pants, Simon," she advised him.

He did, revealing his sizable trouser snake.

"Not as big as the picture," Nessa commented.

"He's probably shy...take off your shirt and see what happens, Nessa," Corinne replied.

Nessa pulled off her tank top, revealing large breasts restrained by a dauntless red bra. "Oh, I see..." she breathed as Simon's member perked up.

"How do you know each other?" Simon asked as Nessa pulled her bra off to reveal dark conical areolas with inverted nipples. He found those very interesting.

"We were college roommates and became best friends," Corinne explained. "I managed to convince my hubby to move to her town after we married. Shall we head to the bedroom?"

Nessa shimmied out of her tights on the way, leaving her naked, then climbed onto her bed and spread her legs. Simon quickly doffed his own clothes. 'That's quite the prong for such a skinny white boy,' Nessa thought. "Get me ready, Simon," she urged him.

"Um..."

"She wants you to go down on her first," Corinne explained as she sat in a chair off to the side of the bed.

"Um..."

Corinne sat forward. "You put your mouth up to her vagina and start licking."

Simon laughed. "What?!"

"You like it when your genitals are licked and sucked, don't you?" Corinne asked. "Women do too."

"Okay..." His face became all serious and he moved forward to lick up along Nessa's vaginal lips.

"Yeah, there ya go..." Nessa cooed. "Now dip your tongue inside...ooh...not bad..."

After a few more seconds of effort, Simon raised his head. "Can I stick it in now?"

"Ha...typical man," Nessa guffawed. "Yeah, go ahead, kid, but you'll need a rubber."

"Um..."

"Here..." Corinne tossed a small packet at him.

He picked it up. "Um..."

"Damn! You a virgin? Gimme that..." Nessa ripped the packet open and rolled the prophylactic down his shaft.

"Oh! I've seen these," Simon said. He figured that Nessa didn't like the mess men made when they came.

Nessa finished and gave it a tug at the base. "Damn, barely fits this monster...okay, Simon, come on in..."

Corinne leaned forward for a better view as she rubbed her thighs together. She had heard her former roommate having sex in her college dorm room but never actually got to watch.

Simon pressed his cock inside the sexy woman and moaned as he felt her hot insides envelop him. He had a little difficulty, so instinctively pulled back to push in again. Soon, half of his length was inside her.

"Umph! Been a while..." Nessa commented. "Come on, fuckboy! Get that thing up in me!"

Simon started thrusting, and was soon able to get most of his length inside the voluptuous woman. He could feel something keeping his cock from going any further inside her.

"God...damn! He's...uhh...tapping my...womb..." Nessa moaned between thrusts. "Where'd you...find this piece...Cor?"

"Long story," Corinne replied, "tell you later."

"Fuu...uuu...uuu...cckk!" Nessa's eyes and mouth flew open as an orgasm blew through her. "Ohmigawd...keep pounding me, Simon!"

He took a hold of Nessa's bountiful boobs as he continued hammering into her.

"Uhh...yeah...you like...those knockers, Simon? Give 'em a suck..."

He did, trying to make her innie nipples outies, and Nessa's eyes rolled back. "Hhhaaaa...!" She locked her legs around his waist as she came again.

Though the condom deadened the sensations a bit, the excitement of actually having sex with such an exotic woman took its toll on Simon's endurance. As he felt her insides grip him, he started cumming, though his grunts were muffled by Nessa's pillowy boobs.

"Oh shit..." Corinne softly moaned as she continued to rub her thighs together. She really wanted to just shove her hand under her skirt, but was hesitant about doing that in front of her friend.

Though Simon had just cum, Nessa's hot body was so sexy and welcoming that he knew he could just keep going, so he continued plowing into her. Deep inside the unsuspecting woman, the tip of the condom, filled with Simon's first load, repeatedly bounced around the deepest parts of her vagina.

"Nngh! Nngh! Oh fuck..." Nessa moaned, marveling at the kid's stamina. She had just had a huge orgasm and could feel another one coming. She reached down to thrum at her prominent clitoris. "Oh fuck...ohh fuuck..."

"Huh...huh..." Simon continued to suck the woman's large breasts and felt her vagina tightening up again. He wasn't close to his second orgasm, though, so kept thrusting hard.

"HUHH! Hahhgkk!" Nessa arched her spine as another orgasm rushed through her overheated body, even more powerful than the first. "Huuuhhhh..." Then she went limp and closed her eyes.

"Hm?" Simon pushed himself up to regard his sex partner. "Did she fall asleep?" he asked as he kept thrusting.

Corinne moved up next to him on the bed. "Oh shit! She passed out...you overwhelmed her! That's so hot..." She couldn't take it anymore, and moved her hand under her skirt to rub at her overheated pussy as she watched him continue to fuck her unconscious friend.

Simon looked over at her. "Can you show me your boo-- breasts, Mrs. Davison?"

"With those monsters below you?"

Simon looked down at Nessa's boobs as they bobbled around in time with his thrusts. "They're nice, but I prefer yours." He looked back at Corinne.

She blushed and only took a moment to slip her top off of her shoulders, revealing her C-cup breasts with very hard nipples. She noticed that Simon was only looking at her now instead of the woman he was having sex with, and he was also increasing the speed of his thrusts. She slipped two fingers inside her very wet pussy.

"Oh, I'm gonna..." Simon thrust hard and fast into Nessa, and then the beginning of his second load raced up his long shaft before adding its volume to the first that had already been straining at the condom's structural integrity. A second spurt was added, and then a third. On the fourth, the rubber gave up, and it was like a sperm grenade went off inside Nessa's unprotected depths. All Simon knew was that it suddenly felt even better inside her, and then his second orgasm redoubled itself, pulling even more dangerous sperm from his swollen balls up his shaft and shooting it out the tip to assault the unconscious woman's vulnerable cervix.

Once Simon's orgasm ended, he started to pull out but Corinne stopped him. "Wait! Grab the base of the condom as you pull out or you'll make a mess."

He did, and as his penis cleared Nessa's vaginal lips, Corinne gasped. "Oh no, it broke! There's so much sperm! Shit!"

Simon didn't know why Mrs. Davison was getting so upset...they could just clean up the mess. He wrapped the shredded remains of the condom in some tissues, tossed it into the trash, and then held out the box to her.

She grabbed wads of tissue to try to sop up the overwhelming insemination. "There's too much!" she cried. "She'll kill me! Simon...you'll have to suck it out of her!"

He stepped back. "What?! Ew!"

"Um...um..." Corinne realized what she had to do, and got on her hands and knees between her friend's thighs. Taking a breath, she then shoved her tongue inside Nessa's pussy to try to extract as much of the dangerous substance as she could. Nessa moaned but didn't otherwise respond.

Simon stared at Mrs. Davison's nicely rounded panty-covered butt sticking out at him under her tennis skirt as she ate out her friend, and could see the dampness between her legs. Despite just cumming twice, he felt his member getting hard again.

Corinne sucked down another dollop of Simon's cum...there was so much in there! Nessa had said that it had been a while since she last had sex, but she hoped that her friend was on the pill anyway. If Corinne managed to get all of this delicious semen out of her friend's vagina, then she wouldn't have to find out. She had completely forgotten about Simon until she felt some movement between her legs.

"Wh--?" was all she got out before her panties were pushed aside and half of Simon's hard cock powered into her very wet pussy. "--AAHH!" she screamed into Nessa's muff. She pulled back to clear her mouth, but that pushed her butt back, causing Simon's prong to slip deeper inside her. "N-hh! Simon..."

Then he grabbed her hips and thrust all the way in before pulling back and rabbiting into her again and again.

As Corinne felt his long dick repeatedly impact her cervix, the orgasm she had been flirting with while watching him fuck her friend exploded inside her. "UHHH! O-hhh!" Her face fell back into Nessa's crotch and her tongue reflexively dipped back inside. It was all she could do as her body vibrated, her orgasm holding her in place as Simon kept thrusting into her. She had to get his cum out of Nessa! She sucked out another mouthful and swallowed it.

Then her orgasm was over and she shoved her butt back. She cried out as the tip of Simon's cock stretched her cervix, but then she moved forward fast and he slipped out of her. He stood there, stunned, and then she stood up, turned around, and slapped him across the face.

He stepped back holding his cheek. "Oww!"

She grabbed him by his softening cock and pulled him back to the bed. "You suck your cum out of her or I'll rip this right off, Simon!" she threatened him.

"But...but...eww!"

"NOW!"

Simon moved his mouth to Nessa's sperm-covered vagina and gave it a tentative lick. It was a bit salty but not bad, he thought, and then he pushed his tongue into the unconscious woman's pussy. Soon, he figured out that he could fasten his lips to hers, suck, and then use his tongue as a spoon to extract a dollop at a time. After a few minutes, he pulled back. "I think I got it all." His stomach felt like he had just drank a warm milkshake.

Corinne examined the unconscious woman's privates. She looked very wet but it seemed to be just saliva. "Very good, Simon. Now get dressed and go home."

"Um, Mrs. Davison, I'm sorr--"

"Now, Simon."

Simon hung his head and did as he was told.

"Nessa? You okay, hun?" Corinne stroked her friend's face.

"Mm...Cor?"

"Hey, there you are...had some long-dick-induced narcolepsy?"

Nessa opened her eyes and smiled. "Holy fuck, that schlong! I probably won't be walking straight for a week!" She sat up shakily and looked around. "Where'd he go?"

"Um, home. That's okay, right?"

Nessa lay back. "Hm, sure. Let him know I'll help him with that thing anytime. In fact, I'll get back on the pill after my next period so he doesn't have to keep wrapping it up."

"When will that be?" Corinne casually asked.

"Couple weeks."

Corinne felt a cold chill run down her back. That meant that Simon had burst the condom inside her friend at the worst time of the month! Well, she considered, they had sucked it all out so it should be fine...she hoped.

"Now..." Nessa said as she unsteadily pulled her clothes back on. "You gonna tell me how a married woman got hold of an 18-year-old with that fucking package?"

Corinne told her friend everything.

To be continued...

---

Krosis' home on the web: http://www.asstr.org/~krosis

Fans or pans? E-mail Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)