Even as they were neighbors, Marks house was ten minutes away by car. He had a sweet little queenslander and a seriously flashy looking ute for a farmer that must have cost at least double the price of my special edition Falcon.
Jona told me that Mark had a Swede living with him and I'd be tagging along with her and or Mark to see how the farm worked. Apparently she was some woman and by the description it sounded like Jona wasn't the one I had to be worried about getting me randy. Bi and kinky, was there anything else a man could possibly want in a woman?
But oh... the moment I saw Mark I knew my stay there would be even more of a torture. Now that guy was hot.
Mark was huge. He had to be close to a hundred kilos, if not more. He was just big and tall, a lot of muscle and a nice healthy layer of soft. I was willing to bet that the guy hadn't seen the inside of a gym in his life, just his work and a healthy appetite making him look like that. And don't get me started with the body hair, he looked hairy all over and I hoped he's back wasn't - I had a weird love and hate relationship with body hair. The more the better, but not the back, just not the back.
And his face. Wide face with a flat nose. He must have been partially aboriginal, dark eyes, dark undertone to his light skin. Plus top that all off mid length full beard and chin length hair, which both looked like that he barely bothered to even cut them himself, not to mention actually having to leave the house and let anyone else do it.
And the worst part of it was that he didn't even try, it was rather a 'I was stranded on a deserted island' look. He was almost unattractively unkept and care free, but he wore that look so bloody well, I think I hadn't seen anyone that sexy in a while.
It's ridiculous how much trouble I would have to go through to even look remotely close to that, but him... 'I woke up like this' didn't nearly cover it.
He was a hug person and there was no way on earth I could hide my raging boner from that hug. Jesus he must have had felt it, but I did hope he didn't notice or would write it off as something I had in my pocket.
And a sweet low voice, so warm and fuzzy. Everything about him was like he'd be a real live teddy bear, but there was something sad about him as well... My absolute favourite: sugar and spice and everything nice with a little bit of chemical blue.
Now that man I had to have. It would have had to be a miracle that Mark would have been interested in me, but I hoped.
Oh yeah, and Kate. Fuck. It was some time I'd seen a true tomboy. So masculine, yet so feminine, her femininity shining through her rough look. She was almost everything I found attractive, all together in one shell.
Her face I loved the most. Sweet almond eyes on a round face, cute upturned nose, downturned lips that turned so beautifully up when she smiled and how her smile brought those lovely little smile wrinkles to her eyes.
We weren't even past hellos, before she asked "John, you smoke?" skipping absolutely all the formalities.
To the vast majority of people that would have sounded rude, but damn, I appreciated such straightforwardness, she'd be an excellent colleague. Hell, she'd probably be an excellent everything to me.
"Yeah, I smoke." I said trying to sound as if life wasn't shoving it's dick down my throat that very moment. Actually I'd prefer to have a dick shoved down my throat compared to the situation I was in - having three absolutely spectacularly fuckable people tease me like that.
I had to have one of them. I usually had nothing against my sex drive, but this was a fucking tease. I'd literally drop down on my knees between them and beg for them to use and abuse me as they pleased. Yes, I have to admit that I'm borderline sex addict.
"Join me, will you?" she offered casually, giving me an approving crooked smile with a hint of mischievous. That woman was sexy as fuck. They all were sexy as fuck, one better than the other.
"Sure." I agreed and watched her turn, teasing me with the sight of her bubble butt as she walked toward the back porch. She had to be in martial arts with that body, like had to be.
I followed her outside and searched for a smoke that I already desperately needed as she gazed at me like I'd be an object of study, scanning me up and down with curious eyes behind her poker face, before lighting her cigarette.
"You're bi aren't you?" she asked simply and took a puff of her smoke, her eyes watching my every move.
What was her agenda? She already looked as if she'd already have a plan behind her eyes and I wondered what it was.
"I am." I tried to say as easily as she did and took a good puff of my smoke as I studied her a little closer. She definitely eyefucked me, but there was more to it. Well of course there was more to it, why would a woman as if a man is bi, if she didn't have more in her mind than fucking me.
"Mark's gay." she noted casually.
"What?" I asked bewildered.
Damn, so I did have a chance with him. I never had a guy like him. I already felt myself tingle thinking about him. Was he a top? A guy like him must be a top. Hell, I didn't care - I was an everything goes person.
"He's in the closet. I'm the only one who knows around here." She told on and wrapped her lips around her cigarette so fucking beautifully and I was torn. I wanted her lips, but I wanted Mark too. God, I hoped I didn't have to choose. But then it clicked in my head.
"Wait... Jona doesn't know that his fucking best friend is gay?" I asked, stunned as how the fuck one can keep a secret like that from the person he should be the closest to.
"Nah, he wants to tell him, but he's scared to death about it. Something about his parents and one of Jonas brothers being a homophobe. Plus I think he has a life long crush on him." Kate almost muttered, clearly feeling sympathetic for him.
"Oh damn." I mumbled. To have a crush for someone so close to you and not act? I could barely not act just meeting them.
"I don't know. If he doesn't tell him soon, I'll tell him myself before I leave."
"You think Jona'll be fine with that?" I asked, glancing inside. They looked so... postcard like.
"I think he's gotten a tiny bit bicurious, so I guess he'll be fine." She said, finishing her smoke and found another one.
"Jona and bicurious? Fucking hell, I've been trying to schmooze him for years."
"I don't know if you've noticed, but that guy doesn't take hints."
"Oh hell, absolutely not. But, you think Mark'd go for me?"
As we finished our cigarettes and started new ones Kate filled me in about Marks sex life and preferences. Somewhat the usual closet story, but intriguingly he apparently was a very keen bottom and quite submissive. He'd even admitted to her once that getting face fucked turned him so on, that he even has cummed without touching himself as he got used like that. And top that all off with the fact that he asked Kate to fuck him more often than not.
We both admitted our undeniable attraction to each other, but she said she'd be leaving the country soon and won't ever come back and I was getting promoted any week now. I wouldn't go and she wouldn't stay - not that either one of us had asked the other to.
I knew she'd be like heroin to me, I taste her once and... And I wondered if she had a similar reason for not having me.
So it had to be like that.
"Fuck Kate... if you ever come back, I'll fucking crawl to you." I sighed exhaling smoke.
"I seriously doubt it. But if you ever feel sick of this country..." she offered, giving me sad smile.
"I seriously doubt it." I shrugged, thinking I could live well without her.
"Alright, how about we make Mark dream about you all night before you fuck him in the office tomorrow?"
"Hmm... Make the desperate man more desperate? You're evil."
"You love it."
"Oh, I do." I said looking over the woman who was so devious, yet so sweet. It was like she'd be all the extreme values, but nothing neutral at the same time. Loving and evil, cheerful and serious, but not neutral, nothing about her was neutral - all the extremes at once, that never once met halfway.
We made our way back inside and I had to admit that Mark looked even more tempting now that I knew where he stood.
We sat down in the living room and I just had to imagine the things I'd do to him. Bend him over a table, make him come by eating him out... Let him use my mouth as he pleased... Hmm, was he a sweet or dirty talker? Shy or wild? Oh the possibilities.
He turned quite self conscious as I eyefucked him, but not in a shy way per se, rather in a hide my boner sort of a way. But his cute discomfort was so sweet and encouraged me even more.
Our conversation was light - the usual over the drink talks. But I couldn't wait for Jona to go to the bathroom to give Mark his surprise.
Finally he got up and as soon as he closed the door behind him I got up and crawled over Marks lap.
I don't know if it was that his pupils blended into his dark eyes, making them look so huge or if his pupils were huge, but it thrilled me anyway.
His eyes darted to and away from mine. Too uncertain to stay, too hopeful to keep away, often glancing at Kate to find answers.
I reached out to comb my fingers through his hair. He flinched as my hand made contact with him, his eyes still looking as he'd be uncertain of my attraction to him.
"John...?" he asked doubtfully.
I clenched his hair in my fist and leaned down to press my lips on his, him gasping a quick breath before our lips touched. I didn't waste any time to find his tongue with mine and virtually sucked on it as I got it between my lips.
A quiver ran through his body as I dragged my teeth over his lower lip and he pulled my body against his as he got over his initial shock.
He kissed me back as demanding as I was on him. Gasping another quick breath, he dragged his hands over my back and grabbed me by my hair, asking for an even deeper kiss.
Fuck, he definitely gave a good head.
I moved my hand down to feel him out, god he was throbbing hard. Not that I'd been any better. Oh he had a nice dick. Hanging to the right if I was right.
He grabbed me back, sweetly rubbing his palm back and forth over me.
Fucking Jona.
If it wasn't for him, I'd strip him down this very moment. And/or have him blow me right here and now. I'd bet that Kate would have loved the show.
I quickly removed myself from him and returned to my seat opposite him as I heard the toilet flush. Mark followed me with crazy lusty eyes, face flushed and panting for breaths. I'd have even been disappointed if he didn't hit the bathroom next.
I tried my best to suppress my smile as Jona joined us in the living room again. Kate on the other hand was grinning like the devil. I had to chuckle as Mark did his very best to hide his face from Jona and did go to the bathroom.
Kate and I shared a little laugh together and Jona asked what he'd missed, but the two of us just shook our heads, refusing to even make up a story and I mentioned that I was a bit tired from the drive and would appreciate to lay down for the night.
We waited a moment to say our farewells to Mark. His eyes were still as lusty as before his relief, almost desperate. I wondered how bad he'd wanted me to come back that night, but I wouldn't anyhow, I wanted him to anticipate the next day, to anticipate me.
And I had Kate to fantasize about.

The morning was horrible. No sane person on earth would wake up at five am. It's a time to go to sleep, not wake up. But I was determined. Not to really see how the tomatoes and the other stuff grew, but Mark. I had some fun plans with him.
The moment we got to the morning brief and Mark noticed me - he clearly bulged. So did I, but I wasn't the one giving the morning brief with my crotch in plain sight for the entire staff.
Kate noticed our little eyefucking session and snickered approvingly. She would so love to see us fuck. Wonder if Mark would be fine with that? I couldn't see why not, he'd let her fuck him. Even I hadn't had a woman fuck me. But I doubted we could arrange that without drawing some attention. And yeah, she was still off limits to me.
I made up an excuse to have him take me to his office as the pickers scrambled and watched him tease me with his sweet full ass as he walked up the stairs in front of me.
I locked the door behind me and he clearly gasped as he heard the sound of it.
For a two seconds we just looked at each other. It was hard to restrain myself, but it was just a moment I always had to have. To let them think what'll happen, let the hundreds possibilities present themselves in light speed in their heads, to let them grasp the unknown. I was a stranger in the end.
I watched him lick his lips nervously. His breathing was undeniably deep and how his dark eyes gazed at me in lust.
A man like him could fight me off like a fly, but the moment I grabbed him and flipped him face first against the wall, holding him in an arm twist, he let me. Every time I pressed a man down like that the lyrics, 'some of them want to use you, some of them want to be used by you' echoed in my head and he certainly wanted to be used by me.
I pressed my body weight into him, inhaling his scent from his neck and listened to his ragged aroused breath. "Fuck, I came here thinking that being in the same house with Jona will be a problem, but damn, you're a fucking tease you know that? You think I like being teased like that? Having to watch your dick try and climb out of your pants, just to have to keep my hands off?" I asked him in a husky voice on his neck, feeling him quiver every time my breath brushed against him.
He didn't reply, just breathed heavier and pressed his ass into my groin, asking for me.
"You're one eager bottom aren't you?" I murmured on his neck before taking a gentle bite on him.
He gasped as my teeth bit into him softly and stammered a faint yes to me.
"Pants down." I ordered letting his arm go and undid mine as I kept my pelvis pressed into his ass.
I watched his hands shake as he followed my order, wondering if he'd ever had someone he knew so little turn him into putty like this before.
As he exposed his fuzzy butt, I grinded my throbbing hard on between his cheeks, savouring him quiver under me. I wanted to push in the very moment, but his anticipation was so sweet. "You really want this don't you?" I murmured, rubbing my beard against his shoulder.
"Pl-please..." he whimpered under me, his breaths growing more and more shorter by the breath. He was so in heat that I'd bet he'd even let me have lubeless, but that really wasn't my style.
I coated my fingers with a good layer of saliva and pressed them into him, earning a deep moan immediately. He definitely had played with himself or had Kate fuck him over the night. "When you played, did you think of me or Jonathan?" I whispered, dragging my beard on his neck, before nibbling on his earlobe.
"B-both." he admitted between his moans.
I worked up more saliva to coat myself for him and ordered "Spread your ass for me." as I stepped back to enjoy the view.
Damn, should have let him take his shirt off as well, but he looked crazy fuckable like this already. Such strong hairy bulky legs spread as wide as his dropped pants allowed, a big full ass with a sweet rosebud twitching to have me, his back beautifully arched to take me. Suddenly I was more than glad I'd had the brains to opt for a cock ring when I woke up.
I lubed myself up some more and stepped back behind him, poking my dick at his hole. "I don't mind if you imagine I'm him." I offered as I eased myself in him.
He moaned deep and gasped as he took me, whimpering little light swearings.
"You like that dick?" I teased.
"Oh yes, he's so fucking good." he groaned as my balls hit his.
"You like it rough, don't you?" I murmured on his neck.
"Please..." he begged and I was the last man on earth to deny him.
I slid out and slammed back in, earning a load moan, and again and again. I fucked his ass hard, slamming my pelvis into his ass as I dug my fingers in his hips.
His moans were absolutely mesmerising, his warm low voice was like meant for moaning.
"Oh fuck, John..." he groaned.
"You fucking enjoy that dick."
"I fucking love it."
"You have one sweet ass Mark."
"You like it?"
"Fuck yeah,"
"Take it."
"You want it harder?"
"Oh god, give it to me."
I wrapped my hands around his waist, pushed and pulled him to me as I thrust my dick in and out of his ass.
"Ah, fuck, you're making me cum!" he cried under me.
"Fucking cum for me Mark!"
"Don't sto..." he cried and his ass clenched down on me.
With deep loud moans, his body quivered under me, little spasms running through him.
"Fuck yeah, cum for me..." I groaned, enjoying his ass clench and release on me.
We catch our breaths staying still. Fuck that's a lovely ass. The cock ring was a really smart decision.
I gave him a moment to gather himself and ordered "On your knees."
He complied immediately and swallowed me without any restraint, a small smile on his lips as he looked over my dick. He took me down his throat and hummed masterfully, fuck he knew how to give head.
I felt my legs quiver and wrapped my fingers in his hair, gently guiding his moves, waiting for him to give me his consent. He looked up at me with such sweet huge dark eyes and gave a small nod.
I pressed him down on my groin and thrusted in and out of him, watching his eyes tear up and his face burn, but he was alright - more than alright, didn't even gag a little.
He looked up at me with hot teary eyes. He was so willing, so strong and submissive. His look was what did it for me.
I shoved my dick deep down his throat and held his gaze as I cummed. His eyes were glazed with lust as he swallowed me gulp after gulp.
"God, Mark, you've got some mouth on you." I murmured as I let his head go, but he didn't pull back as most of them did, but gently pulled off, licking me clean as he let me slide out and smiled sweetly as he looked up at me.
I leaned down to kiss him, tasting my cum on his lips and wiped his sparse tears away. Pulling him to stand with me, I felt his hard on slide against my leg and offered to take care of that.
I let him take control over me as I blew him and he surprised me by giving me the most gentle mouth fuck yet and asked me to give his cum to him.

I tagged along with Kate for the rest of the day and had another quickie with Mark after lunch, bottoming for him that time - damn, he gave as good as he took. Intriguingly being around Kate was still a tease. I couldn't understand why I wanted her like that. Sure she was bi, a switch and a powerplayer, but just another woman right? Just better than the vast majority.
I decided on heading home after dinner. Another day of tagging along with Kate would be too much and honestly I'd gotten everything I wanted from my visit with Mark already being a very nice bonus. I'd given Mark my number if he'd ever visit the city and feel lonely, but still went to give him my last goodbye as I left Jonathans place - he was on the way anyway and Kate was out in town.
I tackled him down right on his living room, stripped him fully for the first time. He was such a teddy. And he could barely wait for our clothes to come off, before sitting over me and engulfing me with a sweet hum.
He was sexy as hell as he rode me, but I wanted to pound into him, rub his dick between our torsos, so I rolled us over. "Oh god, John..." he groaned deeply.
"Yeah, you like that? Fucking take me." I murmured.
"Oh, fuuckkk..."
"Fucking enjoy that..." I grinned to him.
"FUCK!" he suddenly yelped under me, pushing me off.  
What the?!
I followed his gaze and found Jonathan standing in the doorway, his face as if all the blood had left his body. A "What...?" somehow left his lips, but otherwise he was completely frozen.
"Fuck, Jona..." Mark groaned and covered his face with his hands. He looked as if his world was ending.
I quickly pulled out and covered Marks crotch with a random piece of clothing and muttered "I'll let you two talk." in hopes that that'll make Jona stay and not run off as I gathered my clothes on the way to the back porch.
"Mark, what the fuck?" I heard Jona mutter as I was almost out with Mark replying "Fuck, this is not how I wanted you to find out."