Ashley Naked at the Library
byLadyRedHeart©

Ashley Naked at the Library Ch. 01

Ashley Packins groggily rose from her slumber, her brain firing off as she woke, starting up for the day ahead of her. She yawned and stretched her hands behind her back as she looked to the window. It was fairly early, so there was light outside, but not too much. Knowing she wouldn't be able to get back to sleep, she got out of bed.

Ashley's mood immediately rose when she realized today was her day off. She was caught up on homework, she had no classes that day, and no other plans. She was free to do what she wanted.

She looked towards her open closet. Inside sat a large trench coat that looked out of place in a college girl's closet. Ashley felt a small smile on her face.

See, recently, Ashley had been interested in trying out some...mild exhibitionism. She'd found herself interested by the concept after being exposed to it on some..."certain sites", and so she'd gotten a trench coat to try going out...but in *just* the coat, nothing else.

It would be her first time trying it out, but it could be fun. Or it could end in her getting caught and possibly getting kicked out. She decided not to focus on the second option.

Of course, there were other things she could do. She could go hang out with her friend James, or go for a walk...but she could do those kinds of things other times. It wasn't often she got the opportunity to go out and...test her new possible fetish.

Ashley smiled again to herself as she walked over and grabbed the slightly oversized coat. She'd been waiting for a good opportunity to do this, and today seemed to be that opportunity! Why not?

Still smiling, Ashley made sure her windows were closed and the curtains drawn as she stripped out of her pajamas, until she was standing naked in front of the coat. She glanced over at a nearby mirror. She was met with the reflection of her petite form, her modestly-sized breasts, and short blonde hair. She also could see her clean, nicely shaven crotch. She put hygiene at a high priority, so she made sure to shave often. With a shiver, she took in the feeling of her nude body in the chill air before grabbing the coat and sliding it on.

It had light fur on the inside to keep her warm if it was cold, which this early was a nice thing. It felt weird having this huge coat over her naked frame, but also felt invigorating.

She made sure it was secure, and faced the door. Time for the first step: going outside her room. She took a deep breath, opened the door, and walked out.

Immediately, she felt tingles as she spotted someone else, a guy, also exiting his room. He gave her a strange look, but quickly lost interest and went on his way. She shivered. A guy had just seen her wearing nothing but an overcoat!

Now the college wasn't a stranger to naked students, obviously in a place like this there would be people dared to streak through the halls, or people like herself who got caught. But, a while back, Ashley would've never expected she'd be like them.

But here she was.

She crept down the halls, still wearing some sandals, as she didn't want to walk barefoot. Not only would it be uncomfortable, but also might arouse suspicion. So she went on her way.

She crept down the halls slowly, taking in the feeling of her nude body under the coat as other students continued to give her strange looks. None actually confronted her though, so before long, she had reached the main door to the building.

Here was the second step: going outside. She would be completely naked save for a coat...outside. She hesitated for only a second before she shoved it down, opened the door, and stepped out.

She felt the cool air against her ankles, her face, and hands. She breathed in deeply, and shivered once more. She was almost completely naked outside!!

She could see students milling about, which only filled her with more anxiety, and simultaneously joy. All of them were oblivious to her state of dress, or lack thereof, under the coat.

Now then, she didn't want to just stand there like a weirdo, so she considered her options. She could walk around the campus, staying nearby, she could take a stroll down the streets, go to a store, or even get on a bus! There were a lot of possibilities to choose from!

After a moment, Ashley decided to stay on campus and head to the school library. She knew on a day like this, it wouldn't be very populated, so it was a pretty safe bet to try this out.

Ashley made her way across campus with a smile on her face. She greeted those she came across with hellos and good mornings, which they returned. It didn't take her long to get to the large building, and she went inside.

Due to the fact that Ashley came here often, and that the woman had an incredible memory, the librarian, named Margaret, behind the main desk greeted her by name.

"My my, what are you wearing, dear?" She said in a sweet accent that only older women were able to manage.

"I-it's just an outfit I wanted to try out. It was cold enough, so why not?" Ashley said, hoping she wouldn't question it further, and she didn't. Margaret simply nodded.

"I wouldn't wear it, as to my knowledge, usually only men wear those things, but I won't stop you, you do whatever you want. I know these days anyone can wear anything they want." She said, giving her a smile. "Now, was there anything you were looking for in particular?"

"No, I just wanted to find a nice, quiet place to read." She answered. Margaret nodded.

"Understandable. Well, luckily for you, this place is nearly empty. I think there's maybe two other students in the whole building, so you shouldn't have a hard time finding a nice spot." She informed Ashley. Ashley nodded in thanks, and went on her way.

Of course, Ashley didn't grab a book, instead she went upstairs, knowing that the higher up levels weren't as visited anyway. She could tell by the slightly eerie silence that this floor was empty. She grinned and walked over to a table, pulled out a chair, and sat down. She became acutely aware of the feeling of the coat against her butt as she sat. She breathed, and breathed out.

Well, there was only one thing left to do, wasn't there?

Ashley took a deep breath as she prepared herself. She was finally doing it, after thinking about it for weeks now, she was finally gonna do it.

Ashley slowly gripped the straps of the coat, and started undoing them. With every strap that came undone, her heart beat faster and faster.

Only three left.

Three straps protecting her body from the outside world.

She undid one, leaving her at two.

She didn't know if she was even breathing anymore.

She undid another, leaving her at just one.

She stopped, her heart racing as she exhaled the breath she'd been holding. With a gulp, she undid the last strap, and felt the coat go loose. She did one last look around before she pulled her arms out of the sleeves.

Even just having her arms out and exposed was exhilarating. As she pulled them out, the coat fell, showing off her collarbone, and a little bit of cleavage. She giggled, and grabbed the sides of the coat.

This was it.

She pulled it open, and let it drop down her body. She couldn't contain her laugh as she looked down at herself.

Her breasts were now fully out in the open. If someone came around the corner right now, they'd see every inch of her modest bust. Her nipples were hardened from arousal, and she gently poked them. But she wasn't going to stop there.

With a deep breath, Ashley stood up and allowed the coat to fall completely off of her body.

She was now fully naked, outside of her room, in a public place! Everything was on display, from her breasts, to her smooth, blemish-free ass, to her shaved crotch. Anyone would be able to see anything!

Ashley shivered at the amazing sensation of the cool air of the building against her body. She looked down at the coat and giggled. She looked around the room, wondering what she should do now.


Ashley Naked at the Library Ch. 02

Ashley took a step away from the chair, a step away from what previously covered her modesty. Then another, and another, and another. Soon, she was far enough away that if someone showed up right now, she wouldn't be able to reach the coat in time. It was exciting.

Ashley slipped out of her shoes as she walked towards a bookshelf, so she could be truly naked. The carpet felt soft under her bare feet. She walked up to a shelf, and pressed her body against it. She relished in the feeling of her breasts against the hard books and wood. Her thighs rubbed against the spines, and her hands crept along. First they crept along the shelf, but soon travelled down her body, from her shoulders, over her breasts, down her stomach, to a little stroke between her legs. She retracted her hand to find a slight dampness.

Ashley moved along further, now between two of the shelves. She ran her hands along the books as she walked. Her breasts bounced ever so slightly with every step. She stopped, and pressed against a shelf again, but with her back this time. She shivered as she felt the books rub against her ass cheeks, and she moved up and down, grinding against them. She giggled.

She continued down, walking between the shelves, rubbing her body with her hands, or against the shelves. She savored every moment she was exposed. She was hoping it would feel good, but she hadn't expected it to feel this good!

Then, suddenly, she heard a noise that caused her to freeze. She pressed against the shelf, and crept to the edge. Slowly, she peeked around the corner, to see what made the noise.

Ashley was surprised to see a group of three male students walking up the stairs, talking amongst themselves. They didn't appear to be the kind to come in to read. Ashley knew she wasn't supposed to judge by appearance, but she was calling out what she saw.

Ashley began to panic. This could be very bad. She pulled her head before they saw her, and listened closely to see where they were going.

Thankfully, they didn't seem to be going towards where her coat was, at least not yet. But that could change. She needed to get to it as fast as possible.

Ashley crept across the shelf, trying her best not to make too much noise as she reached the opposite end. She peeked around the corner, but immediately shot her head back. One of them was heading her way!

Quickly, she burst into a sprint down between the aisles. Her breasts bounced around as she ran, causing her to blush. She managed to get around the corner just before the guy did. She pressed against the wall, her heart racing.

She didn't have a chance to breathe though, as the guy continued heading towards her! She had to get to the other side, as if she went the other way, she would be heading away from the coat instead of to it.

She peeked around, and waited until he wasn't looking her way. When he looked down to check his phone, she ran across the aisle. He didn't seem to notice, but she almost ran straight into another guy! She ducked into the aisle as the guy passed her without managing to see her. She tried to stay quiet as her heart raced and her breathing was quick. Her breasts raised and lowered with her breathing.

Ashley continued her trek back to her clothes, hearing the two guys talking to each other. She still didn't know where the third one was. She made it to the end of the aisle and once more peeked around.

She didn't see anything except the desk and the chair. The guy didn't seem to be around, but he could show up at any time. The other two also seemed to have started moving again. She had to go for it, now!

So Ashley prepared herself, and sprinted towards the chair.

Ashley reached the chair and quickly flipped it around, and her face paled as she found the chair empty. The coat was gone!!

Ashley began to panic, then mentally slapped herself. 'Okay, think!' She thought to herself. 'Clothes don't just vanish like that...well, except socks, but that's not the point!' Ashley looked around, under the chair, under the table, and around the general vicinity. She tried to suppress a groan of frustration as her search came up with nothing. 'Okay, just think...where could it have gone?'

As Ashley thought it over, she heard a gasp. She turned towards its source, and found a wide-eyed guy staring at her. Ashley felt her breath hitch, and as the guy opened his mouth to speak, Ashley rushed over and placed her hand over his mouth.

"Stop!" She whisper-yelled. "You can't-" Ashley stopped as she heard footsteps and voices. Keeping her hand over his mouth, she pulled the guy around a corner and hid from the approaching boys. As Ashley peeked around the corner, she suddenly realized the position she had put herself in. The boy continued to stare wide-eyed as his arm was pressed between her bare breasts, his skin warm to the touch. Her face grew red as she tried to focus on the immediate problem. The guys sat down at the table and got out their phones. Ashley moved back and pulled the guy away from her, who's face was also red.

"Did you see a coat over by that chair?" She whispered as she gestured to the table. The guy tried to speak, but Ashley shook her head. "Just nod or shake your head!" The boy nodded, and Ashley felt a slight sense of hope. "Where did it go?" The boy stayed silent, and Ashley realized she would have to let him speak. "Okay, just be quiet!" He nodded, and she removed her hand from his mouth.

"I...I put it in the lost and found." He said, and Ashley silently cursed. "Wh-why are you-"

"Not important! Listen, you never saw me, okay?!" She said. He stayed silent, so she grabbed his shoulders and shook him. "Okay?!" She saw his gaze look downward, at her chest. As she had shook him, her breasts had jiggled from the movements. She blushed, and growled audibly. "I said okay?!"

"Y-yeah, okay!" He said. She nodded, and looked towards the stairs. They were in plain view from the table. The lost and found was by the desk, so not only would she have to get to the stairs without being seen, but she'd also have to get to the lost and found as well. It wasn't going to be easy. She turned back to the boy, and saw his eyes shoot up. She glared as she realized he had been staring at her ass.

"Go! And don't tell!" She said. He nodded, and rushed away. The other boys greeted him. Ashley knew she needed to be quick, just in case he didn't listen. She crept along the shelf until she could see the stairs. She peeked around the corner to see the boy had joined the others, and was looking towards the stairs. She sighed. He'd definitely see her, but she could live with that. She just needed to get past without being seen by the others.

She took a few deep breaths as she steadied her nerves. She stepped back, got into a running position, and took off towards the stairs.

Ashley couldn't help but notice her unbound breasts bouncing wildly as she sprinted for the stairs, blushing the whole time as she imagined what she looked like from someone else's point of view, and trying to be as quiet as possible. Thankfully, the carpeted floor seemed to muffle her pretty well, and she made it to the steps, quickly running down a couple and flattening herself against the wall, listening closely. When several seconds passed and she didn't hear any cry about a naked girl running around or frantic footsteps heading her way, she let out a sigh of relief. Then she realized that boy from before had probably been watching at the very least, and had seen that ridiculous sight she had imagined herself in. That only made her blush more. Ashley shook her head, focusing. She'd made it past the first obstacle. Now she needed to get to the lost and found and retrieve her coat without being seen, a bit of a harder task.

Ashley crept down the stairs, scooting along the side of the stairs, feeling the cool white wall against her bare ass, giving her slight shivers. Despite her panic and terror, she couldn't deny that she was kinda enjoying this. She almost didnt want to pull her butt away, as the strange sensation felt pretty good.

Curiosity overtaking her, she backed away from the wall and turned around. She walked back, and then pressed her breasts against the wall. Immediately, she felt that same pleasure return as she became hyper aware of how her hard nipples felt against the cool, smooth surface. She even let out a little giggle. She then got another idea; she started to move her body up, then down. She had to hold in a moan as she felt an intense arousal overtake her as her nipples rubbed against the wall. Her breasts swayed with the movement, squishing against the wall as her nipples were pressed in. Ashley giggled once more.

After a minute of this, a sudden laugh made her jump so high she swore her feet left the ground. It came from upstairs, where the boys were. It was enough to snap her out of it, and her face burned. If she let herself get distracted like that, she only increased her chances of getting caught! Ashley slapped her cheeks and resumed her trek.

Ashley reached the bottom and peeked out at either side. On her left led further into the first floor of the library, and on her right was the front desk. She could see the book scanner, the door to the back room, and the box of lost and found.

And there was no one there!

Ashley smiled. Perhaps this wouldn't be as hard as she thought! Ashley took another look around, and after double checking that the coast was clear, she got ready to make a run for it. She actually hesitated for a moment, however, kind of not wanting to move away from the smooth wall. She shook her head, however, took a deep breath, stepped out, and rushed towards the box. She managed to just reach the box when she suddenly heard the sound of a door opening! Ashley panicked and ducked down by reflex behind the desk. She would be sheltered by it from whoever was behind the front desk, but if someone came in, there was no way they'd be able to miss the naked girl crouching in front of the desk!

Ashley peeked over the front desk for a moment to see the librarian, Margaret, coming out from the back room with a stack of books, likely getting ready to put them on the shelves. Ashley ducked back down before Margaret could see her, panicking. If she left the desk, it was almost impossible for her to not see Ashley squatting down there completely nude! As Margaret made a final check on the books, and got ready to leave the front desk and find Ashley, Ashley prayed for something, anything to save her!!


Ashley Naked At The Library Ch. 03

And it did! Just before Margaret left, the phone suddenly rang, surprising both girls. Margaret put down the stack and answered the phone. On top of that, Margaret turned around, giving Ashley the perfect chance. Ashley quickly crawled to the box, and nearly cried out when she spotted the coat sticking out of the box. She reached for it, grabbed it, and pulled...

...knocking the box onto the ground!

Ashley quickly ran as Margaret turned around. Before she could be spotted, Ashley rushed into a nearby bathroom, knowing that if she stuck by that desk, she would likely be seen.

"What...?" Margaret wondered aloud. Pulling the phone cord along with her as she continued her conversation, she picked up the box and examined it. Ashley was peeking around the corner of the bathroom door and watched in horror as Margaret took the box into the back room, even further out of reach than before. As Margaret returned, Ashley ducked fully into the bathroom, groaning aloud.

"God dammit!" She whisper-yelled.

"Um, hello?"

A voice spooked Ashley and she quickly rushed into an open stall, shutting the door behind her and locking it. Ashley held her breath as she listened.

"Hello?"

The voice had spoken again, and when she heard it, Ashley paled. That...that was a guy's voice, wasn't it? Ashley hesitantly stepped onto the toilet lid and peeked out over the stall. Ashley quickly noticed the out of place installment in the bathroom: a urinal! Ashley ducked back down. She had gone into the men's bathroom!!

"I guess no one's there?" The guy asked one last time. Ashley remained silent as the guy finished up, left the stall, and washed his hands. He paused for a minute afterward, probably looking around for the voice he heard before he finally left. Once he was gone, Ashley let out the breath she'd been holding.

She felt like crying, yet also at the same time she felt like doing...something else. Ashley sat on the toilet seat, still as stone for a little while, before her hand slowly began to trail down her body, over her breasts, where she found her nipples hard and pointy, over her stomach, and finally to her crotch, she she rubbed her fingers against her still woefully exposed pussy. She pulled her hand back and examined the juices on them. She was aroused by this entire thing, even though she was terrified. Ashley sighed. Of all the things to find arousing...

Ashley wiped her hand on some toilet paper and dropped it in the toilet. She clapped her cheeks with her hands, and stood up. The first course of action was to get out of here, so she reached for the lock, ready to rush out, but as Ashley was ready to unlock the latch keeping the door closed, she heard the door to the bathroom open, and she stepped back in fear as she heard giggling.

"Really, here~?"

"We haven't done it here yet! Another place we can add to the list~"

It was a man and woman, who spoke with each other for a little while before they suddenly started making strange sounds, something along the lines of what seemed like kissing and the rustling of fabric. Ashley blushed as she realized what was probably happening, but her curiosity was getting the better of her, so she once again stood on the toilet lid and peered over the top of the stall.

Ashley's blush deepened at the sight in front of her: the guy and the girl were locked in a deep kiss, but that wasn't what caught her attention. What had her attention was the fact that the guy's pants and even boxers were at his ankles, and Ashley could plainly see his dick.

Ashley stared at the large mass, the bright pink tip leaking clear fluid as it twitched, ready and waiting for the girl to give it attention. Hair seemed to be everywhere, and two sacks hung down underneath. This was the first time Ashley had seen a dick in person. To be completely honest, she'd expected the first dick she would see would be James', most likely by accident, but still. She had not been expecting this to be the situation she'd see her first dick in.

It only got crazier when the girl broke the kiss, and quickly ripped off her shirt and bra, tossing them aside, and allowing Ashley to get a side view of the girl's rather large chest. The first thing Ashley thought when she saw them was actually "I would hate to deal with the back thing those would cause." But Ashley stared transfixed as the guy grabbed onto her breast with one hand, and grabbed the back of the girl's head with the other. As they embraced once more into a deep kiss, the girl grabbed onto the guy's dick, and began to stroke it.

Ashley felt a tingle down below as she watched, and her hand subconsciously found itself back at her crotch once more, where it soon began to rub against her pussy.

She didn't recognize the two, but it probably wouldn't have made much of a difference in how she was watching them intently now. The girl pumped the guy's dick fast and hard, making the guy moan into the girl's lips as he tightly squeezed her chest. Before long, they broke away, and the guy grabbed the girl hard, shoving her against the wall, bent over. He pulled down her pants, revealing her ass, which Ashley had to admit looked pretty fine. Along with that, she could now also see the guy's ass, which looked pretty good as well.

Ashley watched stunned as the guy grabbed the girl's ass cheeks and shove his dick into her pussy, making the girl moan loudly. At that, Ashley's own pussy turned hot, and she rubbed it with her fingers with her other hand over her mouth, suppressing her own moans. The guy began to thrust into the girl, grunting as he did so. Meanwhile, the girl continued to moan all the while. Ashley's juices coated her finger as she vigorously rubbed her clit, enjoying the rare show she was witnessing. The guy went faster, his balls slapping against the girl's skin, and her moans increased in volume.

"Mmmm...fuck...ahhhh~" the guy groaned, which only heightened Ashley's own arousal. She wiggled a finger inside herself, not even fully aware of what she was doing, as she was so transfixed on what was happening.

"Ahhhh...ahhhhh...mmmm...yes!" The girl moaned. Ashley's own moans were starting to become unbearable, but some part of her still knew she had to stay hidden, so she managed to keep them muffled.

That is, until the girl came.

The girl's moans grew louder and louder, increasing in volume more and more until she finally climaxed with a loud gasp. Soon after, juices dripped onto the floor. At the sight, Ashley couldn't contain it anymore, and she moaned through her hand. Thankfully, the guy seemed to groan as she moaned, so he didn't hear it...but the girl did. She frowned, and Ashley, once she realized what she had done, dipped back down, eyes wide, pussy dripping, and shock coursing through her body. What...had she just done?!

She listened and heard the guy finish soon after, leaving the couple breathing heavily for a while. Ashley tried her best to hold her breath, though it was difficult with her reeling from her own intense climax. When no one spoke for a while, she thought she might be in the clear.

"Honey, I think someone is in here."

The girl's voice made Ashley freeze, and she quickly put her feet up on the seat so they wouldn't be visible from below.

"What?" The guy asked.

"I heard a moan after I came." She explained. "At least, I think I did. I think someone might be here. And they might've been watching us." The two went silent for a little while, and Ashley continued to hold her breath.

"Should we look?" The guy finally asked, and Ashley silently shook her head. No no no, this was bad!! If she was caught after something like that, then...!

"Let's search the stalls." The girl said. Ashley felt her heart race as their footsteps approached the row of stalls.

Before the couple could start checking the stalls, the door opened again, and there was the sound of several brief voices before the door closed again, and a pair of footsteps came in. Then there was a gasp and a voice.

"What are you doing in here?!" It took Ashley a moment to realize the new guy was probably talking to the girl in the men's bathroom (other than herself).

"Umm..." the girl stuttered.

"Forget it, let's go." The guy said as he seemingly grabbed his girlfriend and rushed out. When the door opened, she heard those voices again, and once again they were gone when the door closed.

"Dude." A different guy said to his friend. "I bet they were fucking in here."

"Oh come on, you..." the first guy paused. "Actually, probably." He cleared his throat. "Anyway, you excited?"

"Yeah, I've been waiting to talk about this book for days!" The second guy said as they went to the urinals and Ashley heard the sound of them being used. She wrinkled her nose in disgust, but continued listening, curious about their conversation. Ashley was surprised by how much she was eavesdropping. She never did this...though to be fair, she also didn't usually hide in the men's bathroom completely naked, so this was unique circumstances.

"It's a good thing the library seemed empty. The librarian already says we're noisy enough." The first guy said, laughing.

"Yep, but we can't help it. This is way more fun than I originally expected." The second guy said. The two finished up and washed their hands, continuing their conversation as they left. Ashley waited for a count of thirty seconds before she slowly crept out of the bathroom stall. Immediately, she saw her reflection in the mirror. Her standing there completely naked, wet juices covering her inner thighs. Ashley quickly grabbed some toilet paper and cleaned herself, throwing the toilet paper in the toilet along with the previous one, and flushing. After that, she crept along the surprisingly clean floor, and opened the door.

When Ashley peeked out, she paled in horror. The previously empty library was now full of a group of people talking while holding what seemed to be the same book. Ashley realized with horror that this was a book club her school had! Dozens of students were outside, with dozens of eyes that could see her naked if she wasn't careful!

Ashley went back inside, groaning. She *needed* to get into that back room and retrieve her coat. But now there were a ton of people that could see her if she wasn't careful. This was so so bad.

Ashley tried to calm herself and think of a plan. She could just wait in here until they left, but she had no idea how long that could be. She could make a run for it and try to get there. The back room wasn't too far away, but it was certainly out in the open. Ashley tried to think, and her eyes drifted to the toilet paper, then to the paper towels. Could she...? It wouldn't be the best cover, but...

Ashley groaned again, and peeked back out. She just couldn't get over how many people were now out there.

Ashley decided she would wait for a good opportunity, and run for it. Wrapping herself up would take forever, if she even could manage it, and she didn't know if she had the patience to wait. She had to just go for it.

Protected by a short wall, Ashley crept around the door, and pressed against the wall, her breasts squeezed against the wood. She shivered at the chill against her nipples, which were still annoyingly hard.

She watched and waited. She needed to go when everyone was turned away. She waited, and waited, but when a few minutes had passed, and that time never came, Ashley wanted to scream in frustration. She needed to cause a distraction.

Ashley went back inside the bathroom, and looked around. She spotted some bottled soap on the counter, and grabbed it. She went back out, and looked around. She had to throw it to the other side of the room, and in a way that didn't make it obvious where it came from, so everyone would look at where it landed. Thankfully, she had a strangely strong arm, and had used that arm as a pitcher in a softball team as a child. Of course, that was years ago, but she still could remember how to throw well. She never expected such a thing to be useful like this.

Ashley waited, and when she saw the right opportunity, she wound her arm back and tossed the soap. It whirled past people and crashed into the wall on the other side, leaving a dent. That made Ashley cringe, but it was necessary. And it worked. Everyone turned to it, and Ashley made a break for it, bounding away from the wall, past the thankfully empty front desk, and into the back room, where she slammed the door shut behind her. She took a moment to catch her breath. She couldn't believe it had actually worked. Maybe she could get out of this after all!

Once Ashley had somewhat calmed her racing heart, she took a look around. She stared in awe at the piles of unshelved books, just waiting to be added to the massive collection the library already had. Her curious eyes scanned around, and she even giggled when she saw the next installment of her favorite book series sitting in one of the piles.

But that wasn't what she was here for. She had to find the lost and found box, and fast. She didn't want to get caught in here. Not only was she naked, but in a place she wasn't allowed to be normally. She had to act fast.

Ashley nodded to herself, and moved away from the door, ready to search.


Ashley Naked At The Library Ch. 04

As Ashley began to frantically search for the box containing her coat, she kept noticing new books not yet on the shelves that she couldn't help but take a peek at.

Namely, ones by her favorite authors, both new books and sequels of old ones, some manga she was interested in, and much more. She couldn't stop herself from grabbing them and reading them.

"Ugh, I just want to know how that cliffhanger gets resolved, dammit!" She said aloud as she held the next volume in one of her favorite series. After reading one page, she realized how ridiculous she must've looked right then: a girl standing completely nude as she read a book. The thought made her blush, and she set down the book to finally focus. They would go up eventually; for now she needed that coat.

But so far, she'd had no luck. The longer she searched, the more panicked she became that she'd get caught. The fact was that the place was just so big that it could be anywhere. Ashley knew she couldn't give up, though, so she kept going.

At one point, she was bent over searching through cabinets low to the ground, silently cursing as she found nothing. Once she stood up, she turned around, and froze as she was met with the sight of a window she somehow hadn't noticed before.

A window she'd just been completely naked in front of.

Bent over.

Ashley felt her face go a deep red as she quickly ducked out of view of the window, praying nobody had been watching. If somebody had been, well...they would've gotten quite an eyeful...

Ashley became aware of just how cold the room was. The tiles under her bare feet were chilly, and the cool air was making her nipples hard.

Ashley slapped her cheeks. She needed to focus! She kept getting distracted! Ashley decided to stop and simply scan the room. However, she needed to get up high to get a good vantage point. Ashley looked around, and spotted what seemed to be a decently balanced pile of books she could temporarily get on. Ashley nodded to herself as she made her way over.

She climbed onto the table, falling onto her butt after slipping a bit, and finding an odd pleasure at how the wood felt underneath her bare ass. Ashley didn't let it get to her too much before she carefully climbed the stack of books, and looked out over the room.

From here, she could see pretty far in every direction. She took stock of where she had and hadn't searched. She'd mostly stuck to the outside edges, but there were a lot of inner places it could be hiding. It would just take some time.

But time was not on Ashley's side.

Right then, Ashley saw the door open, and two people walked in. One was Margaret, and the other was...James. Ashley paled, then mentally slapped herself. James helped out at the library, and now he was here!! She was completely and utterly naked in the same room as her best friend!! Who was also a guy!!

As Ashley stood frozen, but not yet noticed by the two, they started speaking. "My my, I forgot how messy it was. Are you sure you're ready to tackle this mess?" Margaret asked.

"Always. There's no way I'd let you do this alone." James responded. "So, where should we start?"

"The tallest piles, since they should really be taken care of first. We shouldn't leave books stacked that high." Margaret said.

At that, Ashley finally snapped out of her shock and started making her way back down the pile before she was spotted.

However...as Ashley climbed down the stack of books, a weak spot in the pile caused it to quickly tip over and fall, taking Ashley down with it. Ashley suppressed a scream as she crashed to the floor, and got pelted by several books, one even smacking her in the cheek, making her wince. The sound immediately attracted the attention of Margaret and James.

"What was that?" James asked.

"Sounds like a stack fell over." Margaret answered, and soon after, Ashley heard footsteps rushing over to her. She quickly stood and booked it, rushing around a table and out of sight just as the two spotted the mess she had left behind.

"Yeah, looks like a tall stack fell over." Margaret said as she examined it. "But what caused it to fall?"

"Maybe it was already about to fall and we came in just as it gave way?" James offered. Margaret thought it over and sighed.

"I hope so. The alternative could be someone sneaking around in here, which could mean serious trouble." Margaret said. "Here, help me with this." As the two began to pick up the books, Ashley quietly crawled over to the other side of the room.

Ashley wished she could just make a run for it, but she couldn't leave without her coat! Not after she'd worked so hard to get here! She had to continue her search while remaining out of sight. It was her only option.

So, Ashley silently resumed her search as the two finished haphazardly stacking the books back up. "That should be good enough for now." Margaret said. "Too bad this wasn't the pile I wanted to start with. Come, this way." When Ashley heard footsteps walking back over to where she was, she panicked and almost froze on the spot. Thankfully, she dove out of sight as the two rounded the corner.

Unfortunately, while Margaret hadn't noticed anything, James caught a glimpse of Ashley ducking around the corner. It gave him pause, as he was unsure what he'd just seen. He decided to shrug it off, however.

Ashley breathed a sigh of relief, and began crawling to her next place to search. All the while, she was all-too-aware of how her breasts rubbed against the cold, tiled floor of the room. She wasn't concerned about it being dirty, as she knew the entire library was well cleaned, but she was concerned by how horny it was making her. The chill against her bare skin was almost intoxicating, and she even had to hold in a moan at one point when her nipple managed to slide right in between two tiles, pinching it slightly.

Ashley frantically, but quietly, searched as hard as she could, silently cursing as she kept coming up empty. She wondered if it might be on a higher shelf, which would not necessarily be very good for her. Still, she had to look, so she sat up, shivering at the feeling of her bare ass against the floor, and looked up. She scanned around, and finally, after long last, she found it.

Up on a shelf, about head level if she was standing up, was the lost and found box, and sticking out of it was the coat she had been searching for. Ashley felt relief for a brief moment before realizing she'd have to stand to reach it, and leave her in almost plain view!

Ashley tried to think of some other option, but she couldn't. She'd have to stand and try to get it as quickly as possible. She turned around and looked over the table she was crouched behind. She saw that the two had their backs to Ashley, so she had to act fast. With determination coursing through her, Ashley got to her feet, reached up, and grabbed the box. Anxiety filled every inch of her as she pulled. She didn't dare glance at the others as she quickly got it off the shelf. Once it was securely in her grasp, she stood back and lowered her arms. She had to suppress a laugh as she stared down at her prize. Finally, this nightmare would be over!

As Ashley marveled at the box like it was a box of treasure, she heard a sudden gasp. She whipped around and locked eyes with James, who unsurprisingly went wide-eyed at the sight of his best friend completely naked in the back room of a library.

"What?" Margaret said, and turned to James. Ashley quickly ducked down before Margaret looked over to where Ashley had been. Seeing nothing, she turned back to James. "What is it?"

"I, um...it was, uh..." James stuttered. "I-I need to go take a look at something real quick." Margaret gave him a concerned look, but nodded. James began to quickly make his way over to Ashley. Seeing this, Ashley moved away and tried to stay out of sight. Cradling the box, she sidestepped James and went around behind him, heading for the door. She just had to make it there, and she would be fine, right?

Ashley ducked into a little corner and peeked around on her knees. She could only see Margaret, as well as the door, which wasn't too far now. She just had to go for it, so she psyched herself up, starting to lift up, and-

"Ash?"

It felt like Ashley had jumped five feet in the air as she whipped around to find James staring at her. His eyes immediately locked on to her exposed breasts, and her face burned. James was staring at her chest!! Her best friend was staring at her chest!! Ashley brought the box up to cover them as fast as possible. Thanks to how she was seated, he wouldn't be able to see anything down below, which would've made this entire thing so much worse. He shook his head and forced his eyes back up to hers. "What the hell are you doing?!"

"It's...a long story..." Ashley said. She looked over her shoulder at Margaret. Thankfully, she hadn't seemed to have heard anything. Ashley turned back to James, who was still staring intently at her, which was only making her embarrassment grow. "L-Listen, I can explain later, but right now, I need you to cause a distraction so I can get out of here without being seen." James stayed silent and simply stared at her for a few agonizing moments. Finally, he sighed.

"You better explain this, okay?" He said, and she nodded, desperately wanting him to go away and stop staring at her nude body. He hesitated for a second before he stood up and walked back over to Margaret. "Hey, can I ask you a question?"

"Yes?" Margaret said, turning to him and therefore putting her back to Ashley. Ashley stood up slightly, keeping the box over her chest, as James could still see her.

"What's that over there?" James said, pointing behind him at the window.

"That's...a window?" Margaret answered. Ashley stood up completely, and when James' eyes went wide again, it took her a moment to realize he could now see her no longer hidden crotch. Somehow, her blush deepened, and she moved one hand from the box to her crotch, trying to signal to him to keep going. Thankfully, he quickly recovered, and continued.

"N-no...um...the thing...outside the window." He said, pointing. Margaret put her glasses on and squinted, but couldn't see anything. Meanwhile, behind her, Ashley crept over to the door, then realized she'd have to use a hand to open it. She began to panic, not wanting to show neither her chest nor her crotch, so she didn't know what to do. And James staring at her didn't help!

James kept trying to assure Margaret that something was outside when Ashley finally realized what she could do. She really didn't want him to see her chest or her pussy, but...

With a deep breath, Ashley turned around, removing the hand from her crotch and opening the door, giving James a brief glance at her ass before she left the room, quietly closing the door behind her.

Ashley ducked down behind the front desk with the box clutched tightly against her body. Finally, she let out a long-deserved sigh of relief. She rested against the desk for a moment before she set the box down, grabbed the coat, and did her best to put it on while sitting.

Once it was mostly on, she finally stood and fixed the rest of it, finally covered once more. Ashley felt like crying as she walked out from behind the front desk on shaky legs. No one from the book club seemed to pay her any mind, as they had already begun talking about their book, and so she walked past them to the door. She stopped just before exiting and looked back at the back room door.

How on earth was she gonna explain this to him?

Putting that thought aside for now, she stepped out, and promptly made her way back to her dorm, to be safe, sound, and fully clothed once again.


5
