Note: This story was dynamically reformatted for online reading convenience.

Author: Arthur Kay Title: Duke's Sex Slave (Pt.  5) Duke Daze Continued! 
Part: 5 of 6 Summary: The Duke introduces 'Scooter' to the hustler's gay
world, glory holes, women, and the making of x-rated films.  Keywords: M,
MM, MF, oral, anal, interr

   WARNING: This story is an act of fiction that contains graphic sexual
descriptions and language.  If you are a minor (under 21) or if you are
offended by this kind of material then you should stop reading now.  Any
resemblance between this story and a real event is coincidental.  The
participants are imaginary; their actions have no negative consequences
other than those portrayed in the story.  The story is intended for
entertainment and should not be emulated in the real world.

   Duke's Sex Slave (Pt.  5): Duke Daze Continued!

   by Arthur Kay

   As previously mentioned, The Duke led me into a world of sex not seen in
too many books.  And I loved it!  Which, over time, made me very good at
giving sexual pleasure.  I found that the more of a "giver" I became, the
more I enjoyed it myself.  To hear someone, man or woman, moan in
appreciation as they unloaded because of my manipulations was beyond heaven
to me.  And it was way more real.

   The Duke once had me suck off an elderly black cab driver when we didn't
have quite enough money for the fare.  The black guy told me he was in
heaven as I sucked his 7" plus of solid, jet-black cock meat.  I learned
that day that some black cock are smoother feeling than white cock. 
Tighter skin or something.  And, the old guy's cum was even stronger
tasting than The Duke's, though not as voluminous.

   As I deep-throated him in the back seat of his taxi, he almost had me
laughing by his quaint phrasing: "Oooh, honey chil', I declare, youse is
gibbin' me de best suckin' I's ebber had!" And his, "Shugga, where'dya
ebber loin to suck a dick like dat?" And his truly poetic, "Youse got de
lips so hot dey is hotter den de honey from de bee's ass!"

   When he came his load, while firmly holding onto my head with both his
strong hands, he said, "Ooooh!  God sabe me!  I done died and gone to da
hebbenly place!  Ooooh!  Honey, honey, honey!  Youse killing me, and dat's
for sure!" It was the first, and last time, I swallowed a man's cum while
grinning from ear to ear.

   Duke also smuggled me into an X-rated movie theatre and charged six guys
five bucks each for a blowjob by me.  I sucked all six of them off
listening to women fake orgasms on the screen while I swallowed the real
thing.

   Four of the men had average pricks, but two of them were truly hung. 
They each had well over nine inches, closer to ten.  Both were pleasantly
surprised when I deep-throated them.  Both moaned up a storm.  One guy
shook and bucked so violently I thought he was going to slide off the seat
and right onto the floor.  These two, with the biggest cocks, also shot the
biggest loads.

   A funny thing also happened.  As I heard a guy on the screen say, "You
sure know how to suck cock, Honey.  Oooooh.  I'm c-c-coming!  Oooooooooooo,
yeah!" the third guy unloaded in my mouth!  Perfect sync!  At some point,
as he spurted, I heard someone say, "Swallow it all, baby!  That's it, take
it all!" To this day, I'm not sure whether it was from the screen or from
the guy I was blowing!

   Duke also took me over to New Jersey and introduced me to a guy named
Bernie.  A short, fat, bald Jewish guy in an ugly looking plaid suit,
Bernie owned a bar that had six glory holes in backroom.  Although women
usually worked the holes, Duke said to Bernie, "Put a wig on 'im and who'll
know?"

   Bernie agreed and put me in hole number 3.  Because the "workers" used a
back entrance, the customers, in the front bar, never knew who was behind
each hole.  And, because the cubicle was lit by only a small red light, it
was hard for them to get a glimpse of the person sucking them off.  That,
plus the blonde wig he had me wear and a photo of a woman on the customer's
side of the fence, sucking dick, added to the overall illusion.

   Thus, there I was, ready to go to work and make Duke some extra money.
Well, I wasn't in the small room five minutes when in came my first
"customer." A short, fat, bald guy, wearing an ugly looking plaid suit! 
Mr. Bernie!  Checking out the new hire personally.  I felt as if I was
being auditioned, and I guess I was.

   "Let's see how good you are, Chickie," he said.  "And, if you're as good
as Johnny says you are, I'll see to it that your first time out is real
fulla stiff-dicked customers."

   I heard him unzip.  A second later, his limp prick popped through the 4
" hole.  Flaccid, it was chubby and thickish, if you get my drift.

   I took him into my mouth and slowly felt him harden up.  Full bore, it
didn't top 6," but it was quite thick with a large, spongy cockhead.  It
felt good to my mouth and lips.  In a few minutes, I felt his cockhead
swell up greatly.  Bernie moaned softly and his cum soon followed.  A large
copious load which I swallowed, quite audibly, for his benefit.

   He had only one word of advice concerning improvement: "You suck good,
kid, but like I've told all my girls, be sure to pull the guy's balls
through the hole and play with them while you suck him off.  He'll cum
faster that way and the faster they cum the more money you can make.  Got
it?" I told him I did and would do it with the next guy.

   He told me I could expect the next customer in a few minutes.  I later
found out he charged each customer twenty bucks of which The Duke got half.
Duke, generously I thought, gave me a deuce each.  I'm not saying I sucked
a lot of hard cock that afternoon, but I did earn $58!  You do the math!

   And it amazed me just how many different types of penises came through
the hole.  Fat ones, skinny ones, short ones, long ones, thin and long, fat
and short.  You name it.  And cocks that pointed up, cocks that pointed
down, cocks that pointed straight out.  Even some bent way out to the side.
And the range of cum varied from truly sugar sweet to bittersweet to
downright fucking nasty.  In volume amounts that were equally varied.

   Well, I worked at Bernie's Seafront Bar and Cafe on and off for about
five years or so.  Probably once or twice a month.  And not once did any of
the customers catch on to the fact that it was a guy's mouth on their
pricks.  Nor did I ever hear a complaint.  Remind me sometime to tell you
about Susie, a glory hole co-worker.  What a story she had to tell!

   Duke also introduced me to the gay world.  Every Saturday and Sunday
afternoon, he would drive us into New York City after arranging phone
"dates" for me with gay men.  Duke had a little black book with hundreds of
men's names in it.  He said Robbie had gotten them for him by standing on a
corner at Times Square and 42nd Street and hustling gay guys.

   "Do everything he tells you to do, Scooter!  Don't embarrass me!" was
his only prior instruction.  He was paid, I found out later, twenty to
thirty dollars, of which he gave me five.  That was a lot of money to me at
the time.  Besides, I wouldn't have asked for a raise.

   I was fearful that The Duke would tell the gay men that I would swallow
their piss, if they liked, and I'd end up swallowing gallons of the bitter
tasting stuff every week.  But Duke allayed those fears.  He told me he
didn't want anyone else pissing in my mouth.  He also told me, quite
adamantly, that if anyone tried to get me to do it, I should tell him and
he'd give the guy a good talking to.

   No one of the gays ever did.  One straight guy, Rocky, didn't ask, I
offered, but I never told Duke about that.  Four kids at a swimming pool
forced me to do it, but I didn't tell Duke out of fear of escalating it
into a war.  But that, as you know by now, was another story!

   I averaged eight to ten gay guys each and every weekend.  Fat gays, slim
gays, handsome gays, ugly gays, white gays, black gays, tall gays, short
gays; even a set of twin gays.  I serviced them all.  I sucked them off,
fucked them, got sucked and fucked by them.  I came in their mouths and
their asses, and they did the same to me.

   I even made a gay stag film with another teen and three gay men in their
fifties and sixties.  My fifteen minutes of fame!  Who knows?  It could
still be out there.  Waiting for its long overdue Oscar!  In black and
white, the way those old films were made.  I was told by The Duke that it
was backed by Mafia types, but that's another story.

   And, every now and then, The Duke would fix me up with a woman.  A horny
housewife looking for some outside sex.  Hookers looking for a no-fee
involved, plain old good fucking.  Nymphomaniacs.  Threesomes.  Foursomes.
Orgies.  You name it, we did it.  And I loved every fucking sexual minute
of it.

   During our many "woman" sessions, I was usually there to watch The Duke
fuck her.  Every woman yelled her brains out, but one woman in particular,
a married gal named Fitzie, actually passed out it felt so good to her.  I
watched the whole lewd scene from a closet, of all places.

   Fritzie would usually acquire a hotel room and The Duke would meet her
there.  However, one time, and it only happened the once, she was pressed
for time and asked Duke to get the room.  She'd reimburse him later.  Duke
saw it as an opportunity for me to play Peeping Tom and share in on some of
the fun.

   Before she arrived, I got into a closet.  I left the door slightly ajar.
When Fritzie arrived I couldn't believe how beautiful she was.  Exquisite.
And young, no more than mid-twenties.  She had a body I would deem
flawless. Each breast stood straight out and looked like half a football.
Her breasts had very large nipples.  Add a small waist, wide hips, and
long, long legs.  And a face to fucking die for.  Why she was fucking
around on hubby I never found out, but it didn't really matter to me.



   She came through the door, hungry as hell, and was out of her clothes in
less than two minutes.  She was all over The Duke who had gotten naked
before she arrived.  She kissed him, groped him, grabbed him, and went
frigging crazy.  I haven't seen anything like it even today.  Then she
dropped to her knees, right in the middle of the room, not more than six
feet from where I was hiding, and sucked him off until he came in her
mouth.

   Now, Fritzie didn't just suck his prick, she devoured it!  Ravenously.
She moaned and groaned as if sucking his cock was the only thing keeping
her alive.  Now, don't get me wrong.  Fritzie wasn't sucking him off
violently.  No sir.  And she didn't use high speed up and down on it
motions, either, Oh, no.  She was doing it with slow, deliberate, but
unbridled passion.  Unbound and unleashed.  I learned that day how to make
love to a cock with a much higher level of ardor, that's for sure.  I
couldn't wait to imitate it on The Duke.

   He told me later that she always wanted him to come in her mouth so that
he'd take longer when he later fucked her.  When he did fuck her, she
yelled so loud I thought the cops would come.  Then she passed out.  Bam!
Good night, Irene!  Just like that.  Did it every time, Duke told me later.


   Duke used the opportunity to scoot me out of there.  I left and
immediately found a men's room where I could spank the monkey.  And taste
the monkey's latest hot jizm.  While picturing the hot scene I had
witnessed from the closet.  What a load I shot that time!

   Between sex with Duke every day, the gay guys on the weekend, the glory
hole now and then, and Duke's various women, I was having sex an average of
75-80 times a month!  Young and dumb and full of cum!  There's truth in
those words.  And, speaking of cum, I once did the math and came to the
conclusion that I was swallowing about 3 cups of it a month!

   Doesn't come close, though, to Susie that glory hole co-worker.  She
worked, on average, 10 hours a day, 7 days a week.  70 hours a week of
steady cocksucking and swallowing.  I once figured, at 5 men an hour, on
average, Susie was swallowing a whopping 62 cups of hot cum a month! 
That's almost 4 gallons of cum.  Each and every month!  Or 48 gallons a
year!  Take your pick.  Now, that's a person who surely loves the taste;
she told me she never spit it out.  Never.

   To me, it seemed, back then, as if everyone in the world was horny! 
Everyone wanted sex and got it, whether they paid for it or not.  Though,
in the so-called "real" world, no one wanted to admit it.

   Leave it to Beaver and Father Knows Best were the popular,
family-oriented, TV shows of the time.  Shoot-em-up westerns, war stories,
spy movies, and love stories were what the sexless, the so-called pure, and
non-prurient society went to see in their local movie theatres.

   As the American comedian Lenny Bruce once said, "We let our kids watch
gory war movies, blood everywhere, heads being blown off, but watching two
people fuck is a taboo!" Amen, Lenny.

   As I look back on it now, I'd rather suck the bejabbers out of Duke's
hard, pulsing, stomach-magnetized prick than watch Nightmare on Elm Street,
Part VII.  Any day.

   Epilogue: I joined the Navy.  On my first leave after boot camp I
returned to the neighborhood and learned that The Duke had been stabbed to
death in a bar fight with an Hispanic guy half his size.  A quick and
ridiculous fight over a woman!  The duke was twenty three at the time.  All
I had to remember The Duke by, along with sexy memories, was around eighty
phone numbers I had secretly taken from the gay men.  But that's another
story!

   Back then, at times, I had wondered, naturally, whether I was gay or
not, like the men I was servicing.  I came to the conclusion that I wasn't,
not that it would have mattered one way or the other.  Guys just didn't do
it for me.  Sure, I loved sucking cock and getting ass fucked, even kissing
a guy, but there was always something missing.  In fact, many of the gay
men told me, "Too bad you're not gay.  I could easily fall in love with
you."

   I don't know how they knew or saw the difference in me, but perhaps one
of them hit the nail on the head when I asked him for his idea of what
constituted a gay guy.

   "A man having sex with another man doesn't mean he's gay, even if he
enjoys it; it just makes him experimental.  Falling in love with a man, on
the other hand, can and usually does point in the gay direction." Only one
gay guy's opinions, to be sure, but it seems to fit me to a tee.  I can
love 'em, but I can't love 'em!  If you get my drift.  I then rolled over
and put my hot mouth on his big, fat 9" gay cock!

   Now, sucking all this cock and being fucked by many men, over and over,
could easily have fucked up my young and impressionable mind.  It didn't.
Probably because I went into it with no preconceived ideas about it all. 
There was no Jerry Falwell in my life, at the time, preaching that
homosexuality is abnormal.  Thus I had no guilt trips, no bad feelings
about myself which might have poisoned me.

   To me, today, it is the Falwells of this world who should feel the
guilt. Because of their vitriolic rhetoric, filled with hatred toward
homosexuals, they have the blood of every gay male on their hands who has
been beaten or murdered by gay bashers.

   The bitch is, The Jerry Falwells, and the Pat Robertsons of this world,
are so self-motivated by their "crusade" they can't see all the blood
dripping from their fingers.  But I'll bet you dollars to donuts, Matthew
Shepard sees it!  He put some of it there.

   And Richie and me?  Well, that's another story now . . .  isn't it?

   End.  Duke's Sex Slave (Pt.  5) Duke Daze Continued!

   
