The Fair Folk 4: More Tiger Lilies
By Mannheim Knot


mannheimknot@gmail.com

>>>>>>>>>>>>>

Originally published under another of my pen names.  I am consolidating my young girl stories under the Mannheim Knot banner.

>>>>>>>>>>>

Adam isn't through playing with the beautiful cousins, Mindy and Hannah.  He forms a unique and lasting relationship with them.  
Emma turns to Seth for help.

>>>>>>>>>>>>>

MC, mff, bondage, toys, anal

>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>



Fourteen-year-old Adam was almost giddy as the girls emerged from the shower.  He had planned on kidnapping adorable little freshman Mindy Terval and letting her live out her fantasy of being taken by a dominating boy.  He had stumbled onto her voluptuous cousin Hannah, at Mindy's house for the weekend in order to celebrate her fifteenth birthday with her favorite cousin.  In the end, Adam had taken them both to Fair Folk friend Penny's pretty little dungeon.

Penny had pointed out to Adam that her `Paradise' smelled like tears and girl cum.  Nothing that had happened so far would change the wonderful aroma of the room.  Both girls had shed plenty of tears in living out their fantasy, and little Mindy had surprised Adam by reaching her climax in the throes of a very rough virgin fuck.  Penny had suggested making the submissive girls work hard for their orgasms, and Adam figured Mindy had earned hers.  Hannah had been roughly fucked while tied down to a bench, but Adam had delayed her release time and again.  He found her mounting frustration delicious, and his ability to peek into her mind let him know that part of her was enjoying the slightly cruel game he was playing with her.  Other parts of her were ready to pop.

"Ah, my pretty little playthings," Adam said as they entered the room wearing only bath towels.  "I hope you enjoyed your time cleaning one another."

"It was delightful, master," Mindy chirped, smiling broadly.

"Hannah?" he asked her slightly grim cousin.

"She stopped just when I was getting close, master.  Just like you told her to," Hannah said glumly.  "But it was pretty wonderful up to that point."

"Oh, poor Hannah.  I was thinking of your situation.  I have something special planned for you.  But first I have to know... I took your cherries pretty hard.  Are you okay to play some more?"

"I'm fine, master.  The shower and Hannah's loving touch left me feeling good!" Mindy said as she dropped her towel and revealed her tiny form.  "I'm ready!"

"Good to hear, Mindy.  Hannah?"

"It doesn't matter, master.  I'm yours to do with as you wish.  My pain is unimportant."  Hannah dropped her chin to her chest as she let the towel fall to the floor.  Adam loved the way Hannah played roles.  She had tried to be the tough chick in the beginning, prompting him to be a little nastier.  That edge was what she'd wanted all along.  Now, she was playing the humiliated victim.  Her words, while sounding passive-aggressive, were actually another invitation to debase her as much as he wished.  She knew he was sincere about the offer to let her rest a little more after her rough treatment.  In her own way, she was declaring herself ready every bit as much as her chipper cousin.

"Mindy, you have been so sweet.  That's why I took you so rough.  Your sweetness brings out the beast in me."

"Master is so passionate and strong!  I'm lucky to be his little slut!" she gushed.  She was getting her abuse through a different tactic.  It was working.

"You talk too much, little one," he said.  He crossed to the cabinet and found a bridle with a hard rubber bit.  He kissed Mindy sweetly and then strapped her into the device.  It would make it hard for her to speak, and it had the advantage of giving her something onto which she could bite down when he did what he had planned for her.

"Hannah, you sad little slut.  I have something to make you happy.  From what I understand, it gives a girl so much pleasure she can barely stand it.  How does that sound?"

"Like a trap, master," she said.

"What?  Would I ever make you endure something difficult?" Adam said, feigning that she had hurt his feelings.  He turned to a device sitting on the floor.  It was like half of small barrel, or perhaps it could be looked at like a saddle.  Standing up near the front was a hard rubber phallus.

"I don't know what it's called, but I think I know what I'm supposed to do, Adam," she said.

"Good, Hannah.  As you can tell, it's designed to give you pleasure.  How could it be a trap?"

"Because your mind is cruel, and it can make anything into a trap."

"I love you, too, Hannah," he said with a smile.  She stuck out her tongue at him, but then looked down in her submissive pose.  It was too late.  She had tweaked him enough to earn a response.  "Hands on knees," he ordered.  Hannah obeyed.  He spanked her hard three times.  She let a single tear fall from her eye, but she also shivered.  Mindy mumbled something through her bridle, and it earned her two quick smacks.  She didn't bother to hide her delight.  Adam turned back to Hannah.  "It's called a Sybian.  It's designed to help women learn how to have multiple orgasms from on top."

Hannah's jaw dropped.  "Just from riding that little thing sticking up?"

"It's a bit neater little thing than maybe you think it is," he said.  "Why don't you climb up there for a bit?"

"Yes, master," she said, losing touch with the part of her that knew better than to trust him when he made it sound that simple.  Hannah straddled the machine and slowly slipped the little phallus inside of her.  He had chosen the smallest attachment.  She was only a high school freshman, and she had been a virgin until less than an hour ago.  She didn't show any signs of discomfort at being penetrated again.  "I just... hump it?"

"Go ahead, pretty Hannah."

She bit her lower lip and began to explore.  It was offering some mild pleasure, and she was finding that if she did things right she could brush her clit on the little nub in the front.  Still, she was a little at a loss as to what the fuss was about.  Her suspicions began to mount.  They certainly weren't alleviated when Adam ordered Mindy to tie Hannah's hands behind her back.  "Oh, shit," she whispered when Adam pulled back the cloth he had placed over the control box.  He switched it on, and the device began to vibrate.  "Oh, fuck, that's good," she moaned.

"Variable speeds," he said and cranked the dial up a bit.  Hannah's full breasts began to jiggle, and the girl gasped in shock and delight.  "It can actually go pretty fast," he said and turned it up again.  Hannah wailed.

"I wamma doom at!" Mindy cried through the bridle, earning her another spank.

Adam turned the device down to a very slow speed.  Hannah caught her breath.  "Thank you, master," she said, sounding almost like Mindy in the moment.

"I'm glad you like it, honey bear," he said sweetly.  "Try and find the best spot for you, okay?  Then, when you're fucking a guy from the top, you'll know how to help him ring your bell!"

"Yes, master," she said earnestly.

"And, honey, let me know if you're going to cum.  Mindy and I want to see your pretty face when you finally get there, okay."  He handed her the control box.

"Yes, master," Hannah said.  She bit her lip again and tried several different moves and angles.

"Life isn't going to be quite so sweet for you, my little pet," Adam said, turning to Mindy.  "I love you too much to let you get away without testing your limits.  Go stand on that little box over there by the wall."  Mindy cast a fearful glance toward Adam, but scurried over to do as she was told.  She stood on the little box and rested her back on the padded wall.  "So pretty, Mindy, and so very dumb.  You're facing the wrong way."  Mindy's eyes flew open wide, but she again followed the order.  She turned and faced the wall.  Adam brought the soft leather manacles down from the beam above and fastened them to her wrists.  Penny had been right.  They did go small enough that they could secure even the tiny fifteen-year-old.  She had put the hair ribbons back in and sported the little blonde pigtails that played into some of Adam's darkest thoughts.  Mindy was older than him; they both were.  But with her little bitty body and the pigtails, she looked twelve.  "How's it going over there, Hannah?"

"Oh my god, this thing is fucking amazing!"

"Let us know, okay?"

"Yes, master.  Anything, master!"

Adam had searched the cabinets pretty thoroughly, so he knew where the tubes of lubricant were kept.  He chose a nice unscented one.  He didn't really know how Mindy's delicate skin might react to some of the scented ones, so he kept it as simple as possible.  He hummed a merry little tune as he began to apply the slippery substance to Mindy's tight little backside. He didn't know the song, but he was sure it was an Irish folk song.  He knew it was when he began to sing little bits of it in Gaelic.  He didn't know the language, but things like that popped into his head nowadays.  He was relatively sure that he had awakened from a dream last week and been speaking in an old Celtic dialect.  Hannah's moans and Mindy's fearful whimpers provided the counter-point to his jaunty melody.

"I'm going to fuck your little ass, Mindy.  You are too sweet and wonderful not to want to have in every single way."  He slipped a finger coated with the lubricant into her tiny hole.  Even that felt a little tight.  Mindy groaned and began to weep a little.  He had viewed enough of her fantasies by now to know that she frequently wept in them.  She had long desired a boy whom she could trust enough to let him make her cry.  She was a girl who wanted to have moments in her life when she let every wall fall down and stood completely exposed physically and emotionally.  Still, Adam knew her first try at anal was going to be very rough for her.  He lubed himself as best he could and hoped this wasn't a tremendously dumb idea.  His plan was going to give Mindy quite a bit of control while maintaining the illusion that she had yielded every bit of her fate to Adam.

"Master!  It's going to happen pretty soon!  Come see!" Hannah cried.  Adam rushed over and snatched the controller.  He shut off the device.  "Master?"

"You're too young to have an orgasm in Paradise!" he snapped.  "Girls have to be at least fifteen like Mindy."

"But it's not my birthday until tomorrow!" she wailed, on the verge of tears.

"Good thing I stopped you then," he said.  "Even though you're very young for a Paradise girl, I'll be nice.  You can watch me fuck your pretty cousin up the ass."  He turned the device sideways and made Hannah turn with it.  "Don't you dare rock yourself to a climax while you watch, either!"  Adam crossed to a drawer filled with devices.  He slipped a little buzzer over his fingertip and returned to Mindy.  He didn't really know much about toys other than what he'd seen on the internet, but he was familiar with this little device.  His mam had given him one several months ago.  "A present for Emma," his mom explained.  "You'll figure it out."  Some guys had cool moms.  Adam's was a sex goddess who wasn't shy about giving him helpful hints.

Hannah obviously recognized the little happy-maker as well.  Her frustrated groans only added a little extra stiffness to her master's already considerable erection.  He figured that was probably a good thing, the harder and more lubed his shaft was, the easier it was probably going to be for Mindy.  "If you absolutely HAVE to stop, say `Leprechaun,'" he whispered into the blonde's ear.  "What's the word?"

"Leffachaun, mathter," she said, her tongue restrained by the bit.

"Good little bitch," he said sweetly and pressed his erection to her tiny opening.  He strained slightly as he pushed the head past the outer ring, but it popped in.  Mindy didn't scream.  She squeaked and shook and then groaned deeply.  "Take your feet off the box and put them on the wall," he ordered.  Mindy was shaking, but she managed to follow the order.  Between the weight being supported by the manacles and her feet pressing to the wall, Mindy found a point where she was balanced.  "Now, take it in."

Mindy gasped as she realized what he had done.  He was holding her around the waist and standing stiff as a statue.  She was going to be able to control the speed with which she took him inside of her.  She pushed tentatively with her feet and moaned as her passage was stretched to take in a little more.  She moved back a few additional centimeters.  Again she groaned and clenched her teeth against the bit, and her tears began to spill again.  She froze for a moment.  "Brathe yusseff," she moaned through the bridle.

"Mindy, maybe you ought to go sl--" Hannah's suggestion was cut off by Mindy's scream as the little sub pushed hard with her feet.  She took Adam almost to the hilt.  She wailed through the teeth that sunk into bit, but made no attempt to utter her safety word.  She took a few deep sobbing breaths.

"Um yo bish!" she moaned after she got her body under control.

"Yes, you are my bitch, Mindy, and I love you for it," Adam replied.  He began to move in and out of her with a slight rocking motion.  Her feet began to slide down from the wall and onto the box.  Adam pinned her to the wall and began to take her in earnest, then.  She grunted and wailed and made whatever words she could against the hard rubber bit in her mouth.  Her head was turned sideways, and she could see her cousin then.  Adam caught the look of fear and wonder in both pairs of feminine eyes, but no one made a move to stop him or uttered a word of protest.  Mindy's passage was so tight it almost caused him pain, but she wasn't going to try and get out of it, and Hannah, knowing her turn would come before the weekend was done, reacted by carefully grinding against the phallus of the Sybian.  She was straining not to just hump it until she came.  It would have been easy for her to go over at this point, but she was committed to playing the game.

Adam brought the little fingertip buzzer around to Mindy's sex and began to pleasure her there as he hammered away at her sweet little ass.  He was careful not to keep the buzzer right on her clit for more than a second or two at a time.  He was no expert at toys, but he understood her clit was too sensitive a little button to hold a buzzer to like that until she was getting ready to go over.  He had no right to expect a girl getting her bottom taken like this to get that aroused anyway, but Mindy had surprised him before.  The right kind of pain drove her wild with ecstasy.  If she was going to cum with him pounding her ass, she would have to do it fairly soon.  He wasn't going to be able to last much longer.  The vise-like grip was pulling his climax out of him with amazing speed.

When he touched her clit with the buzzer again, she nodded vigorously, her right pigtail brushing against his left cheek where he had his head buried over her shoulder.  He put the toy right back on her button and hoped it did its work quickly.  The toy had its own magic, and Mindy began to shake and shiver.  She squealed in ecstasy as she went over.  The orgasm seemed to latch onto another one right behind it.  She wailed against the bit and kicked at the wall before slumping back into him.  He used both hands to hold her in place as he finished his final strokes.  Jerks and twitches took control of his cock, and he emptied his load into her beautiful little ass.  He slumped against her back, pinning her to the wall and taking weight off of her arms.  He found enough strength to lift her up a bit so that he could remove the cuffs.  He took her tiny form in his arms and carried her to her cousin.  He managed to get the bridle free of Mindy's mouth and held her head up to Hannah's.  The bigger cousin lavished the little blonde with sweet kisses to her face and hair.  "So brave.  So beautiful," Hannah said.

Mindy smiled.  "I'd do it again for you, master," she said dreamily.  He kissed her then, adoring the sweet girl.  "I'm leaking cum from my bum," she said and giggled.

"The mats are washable," Adam said.  "We'll clean anything we've used before we leave.  The real mistress of this dungeon keeps it spotless."

"It still smells like tears and girl cum," Hannah said, understanding now what Adam had meant earlier.

"But not your cum," Adam said with a little laugh.  "It's time for me to give you some special attention."  He carried Mindy over to the bed and placed her on the mattress.  He pulled a cover over her, but propped her head up on the pillows so that she could watch her master tending to Hannah.

"I love you, master," Mindy purred, not quite as lost as before, but still sounding like she was in a dream.

"I love you, too, kitten," he said.

"I like that.  Can I be your kitten all the time?  I mean when it's just the three of us."

"Yes, Kitten."  He kissed her lovingly.  She purred again.  He took a moment to muse on what the three of them were becoming.  None of them was in love with the others, but all of them loved the two people with whom they were sharing this crazy fantasy.  They were friends, and something more, but none of them was making plans to spend their lives together.

Adam crossed to Hannah.  He turned the Sybian back so that Mindy could see her cousin's pretty face.  Adam picked up the speed controller and sat down close to Hannah.  "She's beautiful, isn't she, Hannah?"

"I love her so much," Hannah said softly.  "So much."

"Now, Hannah, you know the rules.  Girls don't get to cum in Paradise until they're fifteen."

"Yes, master."

"Now, we're going to get you as close to it as we can... over and over.  But if you screw up and cum it will be the last climax you will have for a very long time, understand?"

"Yes, master."  

Adam turned up the speed.  Hannah's luscious tits began to jiggle again.  Adam latched onto them and sucked and kissed the nipples gently.  Hannah moaned and wanted desperately to pull his head tight to her chest, but her tied hands prevented it.  Adam pulled back and increased the speed again.  Hannah wailed, and her whole body shook as she began to change angles to maximize her pleasure.  She rose up so that the phallus was barely inside her, and then she went deep on it, pressing her clit to the flat nub.  "Too close!" she cried, and he turned down the speed.  She leaned forward as far as she could and panted for breath.  "Off!" she said, and he turned it off completely.  Even at low speeds, it was providing enough to send her over if she stayed on much longer.  She panted and very gingerly moved to adjust herself.  She was straining to find a spot where the slightest contact wouldn't send her over.  Adam admired her discipline.  Mindy was strong in her ability to find pleasure at the same time as pain.  Hannah was strong in how well she could control her urges at the very brink of her release.  A sheen of sweat formed on her pale skin.

"You're so fucking pretty, Hannah," Adam said in wonder.  "I need to take a picture."  He crossed to the girls' clothes.  He found Hannah's phone and took a photo with it.  He was making it clear that they had complete control over what happened to their mementos of the weekend, but he also had another idea in mind.  He took a peek at the phone and smiled.  He set it gently aside, not letting her see the screen.  "Ready?" he asked after he had stalled for a while by threatening to send the photo to her mom.  The shock of that had brought her down a little bit.  She knew he wouldn't ever do it.  He wouldn't ever do anything to really hurt her, but she let herself believe it for that instant to help her edge away from the brink.

"If my master commands it," she said, "I'll do it forever."  Three more times he brought her to the edge, found a way to stall and then repeated the process.  Hannah had begun to fall apart.  Her brown hair was wild, and she glistened with sweat.  Her eyes were beginning to glass over.  She shook and quivered.

"One more time, I think," he said.

"Yes, master," Hannah answered pitifully.

He switched the machine on at a low speed, Hannah groaned in pleasure and pain.  She was at the edge of breaking physically and emotionally.  Adam cranked up the speed.  In a matter of a few seconds, Hannah was wailing as she leaned back and her tits shook furiously.  She gasped as she found a spot she hadn't yet discovered.  Her new angle pressed the shaft to a place in the front of her sex.  The effects were immediate.  She began to scream.  "Master!  Stop now or...!"  Adam shook his head.  Hannah gritted her teeth to fight off the impending explosion in her body.  Adam cast aside the controller and knelt before her.  He felt his lips buzz wildly as he pressed them to her sex.  Hannah screamed as the repeatedly delayed moment finally arrived.  She bent back forward and back, knocking Adam's mouth away.  She kept riding the shaft, and her eyes rolled back into her head as a second orgasm took her right on top of the first.  Rivulets of fluid ran down the sides of the saddle.  Adam had never seen so much nectar run from a girl.  "Turn it off!" she cried.

"Sorry, lost in the moment!" he replied as he scrambled to find the controller and brought the speed down in a slow steady arc.  Hannah caught control of her breath and then slumped sideways off of the machine.  Adam untied her hands and kissed her on the face and the shiny brown hair.

"I'm sorry, master," she panted.  She was struggling to find breath to form even short phrases.  "I tried.  Sorry, the rules.  Punish me."

"I might," he said, "but just for fun."  He picked up her little pink phone.  "Look at it," he said.

Her hands shook as she took the phone.  Her eyes struggled to focus.  "What is it I have to...?  Oh!  Oh my god!"

"It's 12:14 AM, Hannah.  Happy birthday!"

"Happy birthday, sexy bitch!" Mindy called from the bed.  "That looked fucking wicked!"

"I can't walk," Hannah moaned.  "But thank you for the present, master."

"I love you, pretty Hannah," he said.  He picked her up from the floor and carried her to the bed.  She snuggled in next to her cousin.  They kissed and stroked each other's hair.  Adam sat on the edge of the bed.  He began to massage Hannah's stiff legs, and they stopped quivering.  He went to the bathroom and got a dry towel.  He wiped Hannah down as Mindy took over massaging her.  In a few minutes, the exhausted brown-haired beauty drifted off to sleep.  "Mindy," Adam said softly as the blonde pulled a blanket over her sleeping cousin, "I need to talk to you.  Let's do it while we're cleaning up."

They snuck off to the bathroom.  "It's just me, Adam, now.  Just your friend, okay?"

"Sure, Adam," she said as she began to run warm water onto a soapy cloth.  When she reached to clean him with it, he took it from her and began to wash her sore bottom.

"You two are okay, right?" he asked as he sponged her.  "I didn't go too far?"

"Adam, you were fantastic!  To tell you the truth, once we all know what we're doing better, you can be meaner to me.  More pinches and rougher handling.  I trust you completely," she turned and smiled at him and then sighed a little sadly.

"What's wrong, Kitten?"

"We're not a couple, or a triple," she said, taking the cloth and gently beginning to wash his privates.  "I know we'll do this again, but someday, I'm going to have to find a boy to fall in love with that's going to do all this for me.  I don't want my whole life to be like this, but I sure need it sometimes.  It's going to be hard to find a guy who can be as rough as I want and still really have a tender heart like you do."

"Mindy, you're bright and beautiful.  Pretty much every guy in school has kind of a crush on you.  And wherever you go, that's going to happen.  Hannah, too.  She's amazing.  Take your time and make sure he really cares about you first, okay?  You can be choosy."  Mindy's eyes were misting up at his string of compliments.  "If you have any doubts about a guy, let me know.  I have a pretty good sense about what people are really like inside."

"Thanks, Adam.  Uh-oh, you're all hard again!" she said as she rinsed the last of the soap from him.  She guided him to the toilet and closed the lid to give him a seat.  "You never faced me while you were inside me," she said as she straddled him.  "And we only did it on this side once.  Show me your sweet side, now, okay?"

Adam pulled her onto him.  She was so tight that it was still a little difficult to get into her the second time.  She slowly rose and fell as she kissed him on the neck.  He pulled the ribbons from her hair and let the pigtails fall down onto her shoulders.  This close to him, her eyes shining with tender emotions, she looked fifteen to him.  There was a kind of quiet dignity to her that her cuteness often overwhelmed.  She was every bit as sweet as before, but he liked having Mindy as his equal for a while.  It reminded him of how very much he loved having her for a friend.

They made sweet, gentle love and then snuggled together.  There was a long silent time of bonding, finally broken by Mindy's giggle.  "Kitten?"

"It's weird," she said.  "I don't even know whose house this is, but it smells like tears and girl cum."

"I hadn't noticed," he said as he helped her to her feet and followed her to the bed.  He snuggled in between the two girls.

Hannah stirred.  "It's my birthday!" she cried with a giggle and promptly fell back to sleep.  Mindy giggled, too, and then she kissed Adam's chest.

"What a place to celebrate her birthday," Mindy whispered.

"Welcome to Paradise," Adam said quietly as he kissed Mindy on her blonde hair.  "Wait until you see what we do to her tomorrow!"

. . .
Adam came back from Hannah's seventeenth `birthday party' as happy as he could be.  Life had been good to him in almost every way, over the last few years, and he knew it.  While he had been unable to ever regain a romantic relationship with Emma, his one true love, he had enjoyed more adventures with the girls in his school than any boy had the right to expect, even one of the Fair Folk.  Through it all, three of his lovers had remained especially close friends.  

Mariel had never managed to make a relationship with a boy last for more than a few months, but she seemed happy enough most days, and she visited Adam often.  He occasionally lost either Mindy or Hannah to a new boyfriend for a while.  Hannah had gone out with a boy at her school for over a year, and they hadn't been able to share one of their special birthday celebrations for her Sweet Sixteen.  Mariel took her place, but as wonderful as she was, there was no re-creating the chemistry he felt when both Terval cousins were there.  Mindy and Mariel were comfortable sharing Adam and doing his bidding, but they had no desire for one another.  Mariel wasn't into girls at all, and Mindy had discovered that she only got excited by the one special girl in her life.

This year, Hannah's seventeenth birthday had found both Terval girls available, and they had enjoyed another long weekend in Paradise.  Adam couldn't have been more pleased, or exhausted.  He had more stamina than human boys, but he was a fairly minor magical being, not an Olympian god.  He'd heard they were still around, but they kept a low profile.  Mam had met Eris once, but Colleen beat a hasty retreat before the Goddess of Discord took any personal interest in her.  The major goddesses and the big boys stayed completely off everyone's radar.  The O'Dairs were grateful for that.  Even Seth couldn't run in that crowd.

Seth had reached puberty, and it was very clear that he was the most powerful person in the family.  He had also grown thoughtful and moody, and most of that had to do with Guinevere Granden.  Ginny was the love of Seth's life, and his strong moral compass allowed him no serious thoughts of other girls, even as frisky playmates.  He and Ginny were devoted to one another, and he wouldn't cheat on her.  

But Ginny was a year younger than Seth, and the twelve-year-old was just hitting her puberty.  Even as she started to grow into a tall redheaded beauty, the girl had no burning desire to rush into things.  She was hopelessly in love with Seth, and she knew how magical he was.  But that didn't mean she was going to start a sexual relationship before she was ready.  The end result was that the most powerful being Adam knew alternated between his playful, childlike ways and the sullen manner of an angst-ridden teen.  On yet other days, Adam found conversations with him to be as profound as an audience with the Dalai Lama.  And Adam knew what that felt like.  Mam and Da had set one up for his sixteenth birthday.  The man's gentle humor had made Adam laugh so hard he wanted to cry, and then said things so gentle and meaningful that Adam did cry, and he almost never cried.  Adam even tried being Buddhist for a month, but he realized he sucked at it.  It didn't diminish his admiration for those who could manage that path.

As Adam entered the house that Sunday afternoon, he was ready to fall into bed and sleep until Tuesday.  Thankfully, they had Monday off school for teacher in-service, whatever that was.  But he pulled up short as he entered the living room.  Seth was on the couch, laughing and holding hands with a thin, black-haired seventeen-year-old cutie.  "There he is!" Seth cried as Adam entered the room.  The elder O'Dair brother froze in shock as he looked at the girl on his couch.  It had been over two years since she had been in his house, even though she had been there almost every day for many years prior to that.

"Move it or lose it, buster!" a voice cried from behind him.  Ginny brushed him aside as she ran past and slid in next to Seth.  The dark-haired girl rose and smiled nervously at Adam.

"Hi, Emma," he said.

"Hi, yourself, handsome."

"It's really good to see you here," he said, feeling utterly lost.  Ginny giggled from the far end of the couch, the twelve-year-old understood awkward boy-girl conversations.  She watched them every day in the middle school.  "So, what's up?" Adam asked.

"I'm in," she said softly.

"In?"

"Me and you and whoever else you drag into it.  I love you.  You love me.  Jealousy is a useless emotion.  Whatever wacky life you and I can build together is better than a sane life without the two of us being together."  She crossed to him and kissed him on the cheek.  "You smell like tears and girl cum, honey," she purred.  "I'm going to go now and give you a chance to think things over."

"Emma!"

"I love you.  I have since we were younger than Ginny and Seth, and you know it!  And you love me just as much.  Call me when you wake up tomorrow morning."  She kissed him on the lips, then.  Her lips were a long-missed friend, and he couldn't help but taking his fill.

"He's not going to say no," Ginny whispered loudly enough for everyone to hear.  "They are SO in love."  Emma winked and smiled at Ginny's words and practically skipped from the room.

"SETH!" Adam roared.

Adam's little brother didn't even flinch.  "You've yelled at me plenty of times in my life, big brother, but you've never hit me, or anyone that I can recall."

"Seth, what the hell did you do to her?"

"Not much really.  She just asked me for the three hundred fifty-seventh time to get rid of the jealousy that kept her from sharing you.  All the giddiness and the girlishness are coming from inside her.  She's the happiest she's been since before the two of you broke up."

"But you changed her," Adam protested.  "She was perfect and you changed her!"

Seth rose and crossed to him.  "No one is perfect, Adam.  Not even her.  But I watched her bouquet every second I was in her mind.  She was everything I've ever seen her be, except that a few of the roses that were wilting the tiniest bit from the pain she felt inside sprang back to full bloom.  What a beautiful soul she has, Adam!"

Adam sank into a chair.  "We cheated," he said.  "We fucking cheated."

"The only cheat in this whole thing was the cheat fate pulled on the two of you," Seth said, taking on his wise man aura.  "You two had a perfect love--well as close as it comes to perfect.  Then, you lost it because you were Fair Folk and girls were drawn to you in a magical way, a supernatural way.  The jealousy Emma felt and the hunger for other girls you felt was all caused by something supernatural tipping the scales against you.  Remember last year when you talked about needing balance?  It was part of your whole Eastern Religion thing.  I just gave the scales a nudge with a tiny bit of supernatural force working in your favor."

"It's selfish to change someone you love like that."

"You know, it might be selfish if you'd done it or if you allowed me to do it against her will.  But you didn't do it, and she's been begging me to do it for almost two years.  Fate just finally kicked back in your direction, Adam.  I love you both, and I helped you both.  Call her tomorrow and go find your happiness."  With that, Adam's little brother decided the conversation was over.  He held out his hand to Ginny and started to lead her out of the room.

Ginny followed for several steps, but then she pulled her hand free and whirled back toward the living room.  She knelt at the side of Adam's chair and then reached up and pulled his head down so that she could whisper in his ear.  "There's going to come a day when I'll ask you to remember everything he just said to you, Adam.  I'll need you then.  Please, be there when I need you!"

"Ginny?" Seth asked.

"My private business, Seth.  You may not go looking in either of our minds for it.  Understand?"  The little redhead looked fierce as she glared at Seth.

"I understand," the mighty magical being replied.  He sounded every bit the cowed adolescent boyfriend.

"Adam?"  Ginny called as she rejoined her boyfriend.

"Yeah, Ginny?"

"What Seth did is a gift for the two of you.  Accept it and I'll never tease you about being stupid again.  None of us ever really thought you were.  But if you get all weird about it and reject your one true love, I might actually start to believe you aren't very smart."  With that, she left, pulling Seth along behind her.

Adam miserably rose from the chair and began to trudge up the steps.  When he hit the bottom step he paused and sighed.  He snorted glumly and shook his head.  At the landing, a sad smile was beginning to form on his lips as he wistfully imagined having Emma back in his life.  At the top of the steps, a broad grin stretched across his face.  He practically skipped to his room.
---One more chapter to come---