Brian's head lay on Michael's upper back, he was crossways on the mattress, naked as the day he was born. One leg was bent and drawn up, the other placed straight, foot dangling over the edge of the mattress. He had been toying with the decorative head-roll pillow in his hands. 

Above his head, sculpting the entire canopy of their bed, was a fairly large circle. From four corners of that circle shot four lines. Those lines connected with the four bedposts. Above them, the thick bedposts inter-locked forming a perfect square of the bed frame. The bedroom set was unmistakably manly, but if Michael felt a bit on the flaming homo side and wished to drape gossamer panels through-n-through, the design wouldn't lose any more manliness.

Brian was contemplating the circle's center as a "bullseye" or a "goalpost" for his pseudo-football game. All he knew was he would score two points for hitting the ceiling, dead center, and lose one for veering too far in the right or left direction. And if it fell off the bed, then it was a total wipe out.

Michael lay on his stomach, his hands and arms tucked under his pillows and his faced mashed to the plush cover. He didn't mind being naked, like Brian, but he craved decency, so the light sheet covered him from waist down. He dozed on and off, bewildered how Brian could catnap so easily, still looking healthy and refreshed. When he opened his lids every so often, he saw the high toss of Brian's "football". He knew in a matter of minutes a game of one would be played. He scrunched his head more into the pillow, liking to watch Brian compete against himself.

"Oh… hey… I called Lindsay back?" Brian could sense that though Michael was exhausted, and for good reason, he was still awake. He threw the pillow up, watching as it went more to his left, then came down and almost hit him in the head.

"And?" Michael was wide awake now. He moved to rest on his elbows.

"Thank you."

"Huh?" Michael wasn't quite sure what Brian was thanking him for. He had been ready to tell Brian about his phone conversation with Lindsay, but he had been sidetracked.

"She mentioned she called you here." Brian tossed the pillow up again, hitting directly center. "Score!" But when the pillow came down, the softness pelted Brian's groin. "Ugh…" He decided to stop while he was ahead or before he really hurt himself. He placed the pillow under his arm. "You must divulge your secret to dodging Lindsay from her entanglements. And… I'm thanking you for not overstepping boundaries with Gus. I value your opinion, I still want it and I will involve you. But you respected my space."

Michael flipped over, onto his back. Brian lifted his head and now lay on Michael's upper chest. Michael brought up a hand to tousle Brian's hair, massage a bit of the scalp. The simple action was rather soothing and Brian closed his eyes. "You would do the same for me and Jenny."

Brian felt the urge hit, needing to talk more than have sex again. He wormed his way out of Michael's hand, then landed on his stomach, the head roll pillow under him in a restful position. "Jenny is hardly as difficult as Gus. Besides, it seems easier to parent Jenny. I've messed up Gus' life enough for him to think his Old Man is kind of an ass." He shrugged as if thinking this was inevitable, especially since he had felt the same way about Jack around the same age.

Michael reached out his hand, palm up, wiggling his fingers for Brian to give his hand over. "He doesn't think that."

Brian obliged, only because he hadn't touched Michael's skin in, maybe, five minutes. "You think?" He tried a smile, but found himself fascinated by the way Michael's love matched his touch, the fingertips sending affection as well as his words. "Next, I'll be buying a La-Z-Boy recliner, start to wear my most unattractive, mis-matched underwear and I'll don a ratty terry cloth robe open just enough to show a bit of wretched nakedness. I'll scratch myself in strange places while guests are in our home. Then I will tell racially offensive and sexual-orientation jokes. And I might start watching a sport, like football. Somewhere where I can yell or scream at the television, inappropriately, when my favorite team or athlete makes a mistake I can clearly see and do better at. You know enough anger at the TV to get my old juices flowing. Oh… and I'll need you to fetch me beers and snacks."

Michael's belly nearly ached he was laughing so hard. He sat up against the headboard, tugging Brian's hand in the process. But he wouldn't come closer. "You have worked too long in advertising. Enraged Couch Potato Kinney is not a good image to promote." He allowed their fingers to loosen, sitting back on the wood.

"How do you think Gus sees me? His Pappy?" Brian sat up himself, putting needed distance between him and Michael's skin. He was tempted to seek it out again, but he would let Michael rest. He drew his legs tightly to his body, never realizing he gave Michael a peek-a-boo view of his pubic area. He kept the pillow strategically placed.

Michael chuckled, shaking his head. "Maybe like with Jenny and me. How they totally and completely love their mothers… but agonizingly ache to know their fathers, as they have never been given a chance."

"What do you think we did to piss them off?" Brian liked these discussions. It gave him a clearer insight to Michael's working mind, how smart he had become without his doing. He decided to slide backward. The bedposts concaved a bit toward where they touched the mattress. It was a comfortable niche for Brian to lean back in, and gaze toward Michael, before he pounced again.

"Who?" Michael's brow crinkled in puzzlement.

"The Lesbians. Cagney and Lacey."

Michael snickered, pulling his knees up to his chest. "Well, first mark against us is the fact we have a penis." Brian gave him that, so he tossed the "football" which Michael deftly caught. He twirled it about in his two hands. "Second mark is that even though we are gay men, we still hold a responsibility for wielding our power and control over everything and the universe for centuries." He tossed the pillow back to Brian, who chuckled on his catch. Brian nodded his head in acceptance. "And third I've always seen a lesbian as kind of the 'superhero' -- uh 'super-heroine'… of women's liberation." He didn't expect the sore reaction from his audience. Brian simply threw the pillow and it hit Michael in the shoulder and bicep area. "Ow-ch! No, look… they want freedom from everything male-oriented. They will totally disassociate from men completely, but will attempt to emulate them in every fashion in their relationships." He threw the pillow back at Brian. So there…

"And they can't because they need our sperm to procreate." Brian stopped the tossing of the football to Michael and simply held on to the pillow. Soon he would rest it on his lap, knowing Michael's eyes kept trying to drop lower.

"And our money, or at least your money."

"A truth I've faced all too often." Brian made a bitter face.

“Can I ask you something?” Michael reorganized a few pillows behind his back. "And, if I step over lines, you can refuse to answer."

"Ask. For you, I'm an open book." Brian displayed his arms wide, but kept the pillow on his thighs. "If I'm quiet, you'll know I don't like the question."

"Why do you give Lindsay money so easily? I know you feel you have excess at times, but what if you needed that money? Some emergency funds to help out elsewhere? Then where will you be?"

Brian actually took time to think about his answer. He had been wondering, himself, what spell Lindsay had put him under the longer he was with Michael. It came so easy to say “no”, for Michael. But between Brian and Lindsay, not so easy. "Guilt, maybe. There may have been different issues forcing me to hand over blank checks, but it all boiled down to guilt."

"For what?"

Brian wasn't happy about admitting this, but it was as painfully honest as he could be. He always assumed Michael thought the worst of him, because people usually did. Slowly, Michael was changing that for Brian. Allowing him to speak about who he had been, knowing he wasn't that same person now or ever again. "Look, I may have been a cold-hearted pissy bastard, but I knew she liked me. I wasn't blind. I knew she had a crush on me from the beginning. She was confused about her sexuality. I heard about a boyfriend in high school, but she… uh, she was finding herself strangely attracted to women, as well." He crossed his arms over his abdomen, looking off in the distance in genuine thought. "I'm fairly certain, for Lindsay, it's not a question of sexual confusion, but more of a--she falls in love with someone's heart and personality, more than their sex." He thought that was the best way to put it, for him it sounded clear. "I wasn't hard to catch. Being as promiscuous as I was, even in college, men were more my style. I was gay and attracted to men -- bottom line."

"Were you ever attracted to her?" Michael could almost find himself empathizing Lindsay's plight. Unrequited love of Brian Kinney. So if that was the case, why weren't they the best of friends? He didn't hate her or despise what she had with Brian, but she rubbed him the wrong way at times. Like she had some secret hold over Brian that could never be spoken of and she tended to use it in her favor to control him.

"Initially, she was--she did a few things that reminded me of someone special." Brian looked at Michael under his eyes. He wasn't sure if it should be known it had been Michael Lindsay had reminded him of. Fortunately at that point in time, with Lindsay trying to test waters with him, Brian resoundingly couldn't deny his growing love for his best friend back home. Having Lindsay around, when Michael wasn't there, had kept him company in more ways than he liked knowing. "… but, alas, she didn't have the dark raven locks of the someone I adored above all others." He teased to make Michael aware he was okay, things were okay.

"Flattering me will not change the subject." Michael flushed a little to know that while he was still at home, and Brian had been away at college, no moment ever passed where he wasn't on his mind at least once or twice.

"Okay…" Brian splayed his hands, he had to get serious or Michael would think everything he said was a total joke. "… I felt guilty about knowing how much she probably loved and wanted me. Had things been different, had I been a weaker man in my character and confidence… she might have had her wish come true."

"Would you have dated her in college? Possibly thought about a long life with her? Means you could have had Gus the natural way." Michael was relieved when Brian made a look of such disgust at the thought of a vagina in his fake past and future. "Well, more pleasurable than say -- jerking in a sterile cup after clinical masturbation."

"While I like knowing in that scenario, there never would have been a 'Melanie'… I'm not sure going that route I would have had a son. Or maybe I would have never had a 'Gus'. And that's not something I'd like to think about, no matter how much trouble he gets in."

Michael felt his heart swell at Brian's sweet sentiment. He could see the force driving through Brian's eyes, the unfulfilled love with his own father. "The unconditional love some fathers never show their sons. A never ending forgiveness too."

Brian shook his head. "Kid never had a chance with Brian Kinney as his Pop."

"You think sucking at life is in the genes? The DNA makeup?"

"I haven't had my son as a steady constant in my life. I have yet to become a treacherous influence on him that Mel's been dreading for years. Still, he manages to always end up doing something wrong in someone's eyes."

Michael realized Brian had simply deduced that anything, or anyone, within a radius of his keeping was doomed to fail. He scooted to his knees, crawling toward the corner bedpost Brian was hunched upon. He kicked open Brian's legs, sliding up the bed between his thighs. He curled into Brian's embrace, resting on his chest. He spread the blanket over them both. He had to disagree, but doing this -- he needed contact, touch with Brian. "I don't think this is something Gus can control, Brian."

"What do you mean?" Brian rubbed the back of his hand over Michael's darkening stubble. He saw the nudge for attention, moving forward to lean his face on the side of Michael's head, inhaling his shampoo.

Michael loved the tease to his earlobe. "Don't know, exactly. From what I could tell from Lindsay, it's as if Gus has absorbed your traits. The older he becomes, he's beginning to look like you… talk like you. Like he's mimicking your 'Kinney-ness', because it's who he is."

Brian brought his head back, looking at Michael. "And this can be bad because?"

"Drives Mel up a pole. I bet she thought she could rid herself of you, gain control. But she can't. She never had it. That's not something she takes lightly." Michael could speak from experience. The confrontations between he and Melanie had proven this to no fault.

Brian took a long pause, leaning his chin on Michael's shoulder, holding him closer. "Has she hurt Gus?"

Michael knew what Brian couldn't ask, point blank. "Oh… no… never. Never physically. If I heard correctly, Gus is being selfishly punished for simply who his father is and who he is becoming."

Brian turned his cheek to rest on the protruding bone. "… shit…" He shut his eyes, wishing he could have changed things sooner. Gus hadn't seemed this bad when he was there for his birthday. Of course Brian had been focused on Jenny at the time, but… damn… "Great… she's given him more ammunition to hate me."

“No. I don't think she did.” Michael reached out to cup Brian's biceps, soothing the skin. "The 'trouble' Gus pulled sounds like it's his fist attempt at a cry for help. Maybe he saw what we did for Jenny to get her out and sane. He could be lashing out for an escape. He knows he can't run away, but he knows where he wants to end up."

Brian was ashamed to look into Michael's face. Like it should have been his main priority to take care of his own child. He faced away from Michael, but still wrapped him within his arms. "He needs me… needs us… but doesn't quite know how to ask."

"Yeah… poor kid." Michael knew what Brian was trying to avoid. So he shifted, making it impossible for Brian to avoid looking directly into his face. He saw the pain and the regret, hating it existed, kept churning inside Brian's attempt to change for the better. He let a quirky smile out on his lips. "I'd say we weren't the best surrogate Mom and Pop for our kids, but… do you think we'd screw up any worse than they did?"

Brian leaned his temple on Michael's, hearing Michael's affection for Gus in his voice. It always amazed him how wide Michael's heart could expand, but he was showing Brian exactly how it could be done. "I've sucked at life, in general. How 'bout you?"

"Much the same… so…" Michael flourished his arms. "… we're perfect replacements!"

Brian let out a spurt of laughter. "Biologically, they are our children. There's nothing wrong with us raising them."

"No, except the doubters who live outside these walls. They're fairly certain we fuck up everything we touch."

"Feel like proving them wrong?" Brian raised a curious eyebrow. He couldn't believe he was even contemplating taking in Gus, building this intricate family and life with Michael, actually loving it and wanting more.

"I'm always game for a good showdown."

"Then it's decided." Brian nodded his head.

"Yup… so… when does Gus move in?"

Brian leaned back, not expecting Michael to offer straight away. "Where would we--?"

"Put him?" Michael looked off to the side, thinking. "I don't know. There's some space in the room where the office is. I'm sure we could think about adding something on to the backyard, an outside office space for you. Give Gus the office room for his bedroom."

"You'd do that for Gus? Open your home up that easily?" Brian was speechless, his heart racing. He almost didn't know what to say next.

Michael nodded, looking directly into those adoring hazel eyes. "Think Jenny will mind having her 'other' older brother here?"

“I don't really know.” Brian shrugged one shoulder. "She's still worried about going back to Toronto, if that's in play. I think she's capable of coping, if we give her the space and a chance. As long as we let her know this doesn't change things here in this house. She will always have control like she has always had." He knew Michael would like his last comment.

Michael slunk down to lean on Brian's upper torso. "Maybe it will help if we call Mel and--"

Brian was emphatically shaking his head in disagreement. "No. Something tells me now isn't a great time to bother her." Besides, Brian would probably take the phone from Michael and give Melanie Marcus a few choice words about her terrible parenting skills. "If it does come to that, I'm the one making the call."

"When?"

"Give it another day or two. If all else fails, maybe by then she'll have come calling on you." Brian kissed Michael's cheek, moving it so that he was offering himself up as a seat for Michael to straddle.

Michael rose to his knees, opening his legs, one on each side of Brian's hips. The backs of his thighs on Brian's. "Well… this is a phone call I will be dreading. I'd like to put it off until… uhm… infinity, please." He sucked in a quick take of air as he felt the fingertips sloping down his spread ass, seeking pleasure. He looped his arms about Brian's neck, crossing his wrists in a loose lock at the back of Brian's nape. The finger play was certainly causing him some instant desire that already lay buried. "God… what is wrong with us?"

Brian snickered against Michael's open mouth. "We have it. Can't deny it."

"You'll need to shower and go to work in another hour or so--" Michael couldn't even dare to look at the digital clock on the night stand. Time seemed to slow for them when they began, then sped up at the awkward moments toward the end. Moments when they knew they would have to face the world outside their bedroom. "I have to… uhhh…" He pushed and pulled away from Brian's tender care of him. "I'm gonna regret this in the morning, but… God… I want you again, possibly need you more than before."

"What do you want most?" Brian's concentration was on watching Michael come apart in his arms, but he knew their talking wasn't finished.

Michael was caught between pleasure and confusion. Oh, yeah… they had been talking before this. "Uh… excluding world peace?" As Brian laughed against the skin on his neck, Michael arched and flexed on Brian's hands and fingers. "I want Jenny--" He realized nothing more was there. Brian's attention to him was making him focus deeper, the deeper those fingers sought satisfaction. "I want--that's it." He swallowed, reaching out to grasp the bed post on either side of Brian's head. "I want her home. With me and you. This is where she belongs." He didn't know if he could withstand the emptiness any longer. "I want my daughter back in my life. I want my family. God, yeah…" He pushed against Brian's groin, telling him he'd be ready soon. "… and I want you…"

"I think you said that already." Brian sheepishly smiled, knowing how wild Michael was getting. Soon they would go at it again, make their way into the shower… soap each other… try to dry one another off without having sex again… then possibly wash again… and they would attempt to rest in bed.

Sleep was all relative, if what you were trying to do was make the night go by faster. But Brian and Michael always seemed to steal every second of the night, feeling robbed in daylight hours.

~~&&~~&&~~&&~~&&~~

Michael was asleep, on his stomach, waiting for Brian to return from checking on Jenny as she had gotten up. It was nearing seven-thirty, in another twenty minutes. Michael knew Brian would be gone again for eight more hours, possibly twelve if the clients were hesitant about contract signing or the avenues Brian was willing to take them down. He didn't know how he lasted the days. Not having Brian was less painful than having him and watching him leave for work. Just work, it was only a job, but Michael ached with the loss. He thought he would be gratified to a certain degree of having Brian. Only the more they were alone--together, like they had been from early morning until sunrise, the worse the cravings became.

The "trigger effect" increased and anything was liable to set Michael off.

Michael kept his eyes closed when he heard the door open. It was quite possible that Brian had brought Jenny in with him, but he didn't feel her gentle touch, trying to wake him, nor did he hear her voice. She must be awake, remaining in her room. He listened for Brian's footsteps, crossing the carpets and the effortless way he slid to-n-fro about the room, using the slumber of Michael as a moment to gather his work clothes.

If backs could be graded, Michael would give Brian an A-… A, for the long sinewy frame and the bareness, the suppleness of his bone structure. Brian was muscular, but he didn't have to lift much or do any heavy activity to become so breathtaking and beautiful to Michael's eyes. He was born this way, never had to fight for a perfect weight. Oh… and the - (minus) was for… being so far away and not in bed.

Brian stood in front of their shared closet, pulling out hangers of pants first, then button-down shirts. He mixed and matched until something gelled for him. The soft flow of the pajama bottoms on Brian's legs made Michael stare at the perfect ass for awhile, then glanced along the thick thighs and tapered calves, wondering something. Just a little curiosity he would love to discover. But he thought he would save that for later tonight, when Jenny was safe in her bed.

Michael knew all he had to do was wait, Brian would return to their bed. Brian usually liked to prepare before preparing for dressing when the time came close to getting ready. He really didn't have to be out of the house until 8:15am or 8:30am, but he was always… always a stickler for being on time. Especially for work, his own ad agency.

And it happened, Michael had waited patiently enough and the mattress dipped a bit from Brian crawling on the surface. He probably knew Michael was actually awake, simply playing their game of ignoring the obvious. So Brian was seated in his favorite perch, near the bed post, able to watch Michael as he slept. Able to kick him gently awake when the need arose.

But there was a change, subtle, yet… so different.

Brian began to crawl toward Michael, climbing over him and then straddling over his waist.

Michael was up, so up he almost lifted his torso off the bed. But Brian was there to hold him back down. "Wha--?" He tried to turn his head, but realized he was imprisoned by the body laying on top of him. "Okay…" Michael agreed to lay back down, splaying his arms out from his sides. "… do your worst." He heard a strange sucking sound like… "What… in the world?!"

"Stop, Michael. Close your eyes. Just feel what I write on your back."

Huh? " Huh? Feel what? " 

On the pale naked back, Brian began to write with a wet fingertip.

W-A-N-T… M-E… ?

Once Michael realized what was going on, he chuckled. He knew what might be spelled next, but he kept his mind open. "Uh, yeah… that's obvious."

N-E-E-D… M-E… ?

Michael let out a choked sigh, nodding his head, but added, "Always…" He giggled a little when he felt the tender kiss to a shoulder blade. He lay his head on his pillow, hopeful for more wet graffiti on his skin. Brian didn't know he was breathing on the moistness, causing Michael to shiver.

L-O-V-E… M-E… ? 

Michael shut his eyes. "Now… forever and… if possible, infinity." He was ready for it to have ended, but Brian wouldn't let him up.

Brian added a bit more to this portion. Holding down the biceps with his hands to keep Michael from moving his arms on the bed, he took the tip of his tongue and began to sculpt each letter, kissing after each one.

M… A… R… R… Y… M-… ? 

Michael didn't let Brian go any further. He flipped over, sending Brian on his back. " Don't! " He didn't mean to be so forceful, Brian thought it was simply being playful. Once he saw the serious sadness on Michael's face… he paused, his face blank. Michael opened his eyes, glancing at Brian's stunned look. "I'm sorry. You took it too far." He knew this time would come… someday . He hadn't known when, but he sure didn't expect it this soon and now. "Don't do this -- to us." 

“Don't do what?” Brian raised one eyebrow, protective of his heart. "You didn't even let me finish spelling. You don't know what I meant."

"Do too." Michael hated that he sounded like a little kid. "Christ!" He covered a hand over his face, not knowing what to do next or how to react. All he knew was that what he was doing wasn't assuring Brian or making the sudden tension between them any better. "Look, Brian--" He reached out for Brian's forearm, grabbing the wrist.

"So you think you know, but you never will." Brian furrowed his brow, wondering if Michael knew how bone crushing his hold was. "What? Teddy and Blakey can get hitched, but we--"

"Brian, don't. Don't use them as an excuse. It's flimsy and it doesn't work."

"That's not--" Brian didn't know what to say. "What would be your answer if I was serious?" He yanked his arm back, rubbing his reddening wrist. He moved, trying to hibernate near the bed post, not sure if he could remain next to Michael for awhile until they cooled down.

"Oh, so you weren't serious just then?" Michael threw his hands up in grief. "Think marriage is still a lame joke? A matrimonial prison of monogamy?"

"Michael, don't--" Brian softly begged, wondering when this had suddenly slipped out of his control and gone all wrong.

"Don't what? Don't get frustrated when you keep making jokes about something special and sacred between two people, despite being gay or straight? I should know. I had one with Ben and it--"

Brian was shaking his head in denial. "That's not what I meant at all." He glanced at Michael, in frustration, wishing he could hold him, touch him. But Michael didn't want any of that now. He wanted space. That… Brian could give him, easily.

Michael raised sad eyes toward Brian. "What do you mean then?"

"A guy can't test waters? May he send out feelers to know where he stands?"

“Not you.” Michael shook his head. "Not Brian Kinney. Not my guy."

Brian let out a small smirk. His Michael was still in there, just scared of the Kinney Fear of Marriage scenario and spiel. "Your guy?" He touched his chest in question to which Michael smiled and pointed at him.

"Quit teasing me!" Michael threw the decorative head-roll pillow at Brian. As he went backwards to catch the awkward puffy roll, he forgot about the scrollwork connecting the lower portion of the bedposts and at the bottom of the bed.

The sharp crack of bone on wood echoed in the silence.

"Brian!" Michael was quickly attentive. He rushed to Brian's side, in fetal position. He was savoring his right temple at the hairline. "Ow…" He made a noise in the back of his throat from having heard the injury happen. "… sweetie…" He petted Brian's chest, wishing he would remove his hand so he could look at the skin. "… does it hurt?"

Brian simply closed his eyes, finally tired, letting out a sigh. That crack to his skull was Fate's way of telling him he had approached the marriage question too soon. He liked having Michael's hands over him, the softness of his voice back. The attention to his bruised ego was what needed the most attention. "Serves me right. Kinney and matrimony don't mix."

Michael frowned, backing up a bit. He crouched over Brian, crowding him. "No, that's not what I meant." He slipped off the bed, heading into the bathroom to get a cold washcloth. "Look…" He shifted slowly toward Brian, wondering if he was allowed back into his realm. He knew he had been angry long enough to push Brian far away, emotionally. He placed the cloth on Brian's forehead, using Brian's hand to hold it there. He didn't know if Brian wanted his touch at the moment. "… right now, we're barely a month strong on our own. I don't know if I could cope explaining all that's been happening, plus a wedding. And we haven't even told them about our relationship. It's easier to take things as they come to us. Go slowly. Take our time. I just separated from my husband. I got my daughter back and I don't--"

Brian put a hand up, palm out. "Enough." He wasn't yelling, his voice was commanding. "Message received. Pardon while I go lick my wounds." He needed to use the bathroom door to create space or else he would scream. Not harm, not hurt… only himself. Stupid, stupid fool. He was at the sink mirror, pulling on the faucet spickets. The door opened, with a light push. "Not now, Michael." He tilted his head about, checking out the reddening skin on his forehead. He was only looking for cuts or blood. Because it hurt like a motherfucker.

Michael had dressed in a pair of boxer briefs and a seen-better-days t-shirt. He knew Brian didn't mean for this conversation to pan out this way, especially not getting hurt physically. He sure hadn't expected that particular reaction from Michael. 

"Yeah, sorry. I took two pot shots at your pride out there and you hit your head. I owe you some explanations." 

Brian stared into the sink. "You don't ever owe me a thing." It wasn't meant harshly, because Brian knew how much Michael had to put up with his past bullshit. Having him finally take a stand, when he always knew serious topics just weren't the cup of tea to discuss, gave Michael plenty of wiggle room to make mistakes.

"Would you let me--? I do--"

"See how easy the two little words can be said." Brian weakly grinned, looking from mirror to Michael.

Michael crinkled his brow before he caught on. He shook his head. Brian was trying so hard to act like he wasn't bothered by Michael's reaction to his simple question. Brian had every right to ask and discover what Michael's answer would be. Was Brian Kinney even worthy of marriage… and a wedding ceremony? "You have to know something." Michael climbed onto the bathroom counter space between their two sinks.

"Hmm?" Brian thought he could use this time to start shaving, getting ready for work. Maybe he should just leave for work early all together.

Michael took a deep breath, placing his palms together and resting them between his knees. "If I could--if it were possible, I'd marry you right this minute."

Brian paused in squeezing out his shaving cream. "You would?" He glanced at Michael from the side of his eyes.

"Scout's honor."

"You were never a scout."

"I had a crush on one. When I was little. At camp. He kissed me."

Brian's eyes remained locked on Michael's face. "And you liked it, didn't you?" He reached over to chuck under Michael's chin.

Michael grabbed the fingers, a bit more gentle with Brian this time. "C'mere." He motioned for Brian to come over, stand between his legs. He took the shaving cream can, squirting out the foam. He began to rub the soap on the stubble, laughing as he watched Brian puff out his cheeks and then pucker his lips. Before he went for the portable shaver, he bent Brian's head to tenderly press his lips on the discoloring skin. "Kisses make them heal faster. Ma used to tell me that."

"Five out of four doctors say so too." Brian lifted his eyebrow, to see if Michael was paying attention to his joke. He wanted to touch Michael, hold his hips, but he couldn't without feeling a bit saddened and bitter at what faith he had lost. "I fucked it all up, didn't I?" He was turning his jaw line around for Michael to work on.

Michael shook his head, pausing. "No, you didn't."

"Not this. Before…" Brian's eyes were intense on Michael, wanting him to know how sorry he was. For everything he couldn't speak of. "… those years of friendship I wasted… needlessly… selfishly…"

Michael smooshed Brian's lips closed, causing foam to end up on his hands and all over him. "We messed up. Hey, look at me." He snatched Brian's chin when he tried to avoid him. "I'm not admitting you were alone in this situation. I shared in the 'fuckin' up' department as well. If I'd only said one thing different. Had a little more of this and a helluva lot more of that…"

"… we wouldn't be who we are right now, telling one another we were both at fault." Brian looked away, thinking. "Think it's always been in the timing?"

"You mean… had we tried doing this our Senior year in high school? Would we have lasted or wanted to last… suffering everything we did when we weren't together?"

Brian loosened his arms about his body, securing them to rest on the counter beside Michael's thighs. "No. I wasn't focused on anybody else. I only wanted out. Out of my father's house. Out of The Pitts."

Michael was working on the upper lip, coming down the mouth's shape. "You going away to college would have put a much larger strain on us, had we been seriously dating. I don't think we would have lasted, either."

"We nearly didn't last… anyway…" Brian recalled the past, staring down at Michael's head.

"Eh… we managed to pull through, scathed but better for it. Though we liked being together, sharing our lives… we cold still strive for independence."

"And now?"

Michael looked at Brian, watching his lips smile, still covered with some shaving cream. "Well, you'd have to leave me. If you did, I'd die a little, but I'd move on."

Brian chuckled, waving a hand. "Whoa! Whoa! Whoa! Why would I have to leave you for the fake scenario to work?"

Michael picked up a small hand towel, rubbing off some of the foam leftover. "Wash our face, grizzly man."

Brian proceeded to wash his face, completely. He poured out some musk into his palm, splashing his cheeks. "I, for your information, will not move from this spot." He washed his hands of the scent and wiped his skin clean.

"Me, either." Michael pronounced in kind.

"Well…" Brian thought about his wording. "… what I meant was -- never leaving you. Not ever leaving you in this bathroom." He squinted his eyes. "Is that what you meant?”

Michael nodded on a light chuckle. “Yes, dear.” They were almost back to rights.

Brian sighed, holding out his arms. "I'd carry you back to bed, but I may have concussed myself. And I don't wish to drop you on your perfectly rounded ass on the way."

Michael waved his hand to ward off the worry. "I can walk." He slid off the counter, quickly washing his hands off, but only on the towel. He liked keeping the scent of Brian's shaving cream on his hands. "Here…" He quickly moved to take Brian's arm and elbow. "… I'll even guide you on your way back."

"Sheesh... maybe you're the one who hit his head."

"I can't take care of the man I love?"

"Operative word being 'man'. Idiot, maybe, but not invalid or imbecile." Brian slipped on by, making a safe return to the bed. He climbed onto a side, they never chose particular ones. He made room for Michael to crawl in behind him. He simply needed to rest his head for awhile.

Michael spooned behind Brian, sitting up higher on the pillows. He secured his arms about Brian's neck, pulling him flush to rest on him, like a human pillow. He took tender care of Brian, letting his head lay back on his chest. He was afraid for awhile there that he had scared Brian away. He hadn't meant to, but the way Brian was holding onto his arm, wrapped around him… he just needed the steady reassurance that things would be alright.

~~&&~~&&~~&&~~&&~~

When Jenny came down the stairs, she could see the table was set, breakfast was being cooked. Brian was leaning on an area of the kitchen counter, dressed for work, while her father was puttering about the floor. She hesitated to interrupt. They looked happy, laughing together at a mutual joke.

She recalled coming down the stairs at home in Toronto, seeing her mother or Lindsay... not ever both. If they were together, there were shouting matches and doors slamming.

Jenny stood quietly near an empty chair, simply content watching. Brian chuckled at something her father said and the silly antics he added making Brian almost choke on his sip of orange juice.

"C'mere." Brian held out a hand for Michael to take. Once he snagged a few fingers, he flourished a suave move. They stood nearly chest to chest. Brian scrunched down to be level with Michael's face. "Just think..." He deeply kissed, his arms sloping down to Michael's waist, locking at the lumbar spine. "... I have tonight off. You, sir, can have me all to yourself." He dipped his head to kiss a piece of Michael's neck he knew would cause the knees to buckle. "Bend me to your will."

"I seemed to recall both of us doing enough bending a few hours ago." Michael's snagged a hand at the back of Brian's hairline.

"Not enough."

"No. Never seems enough."

Brian kept his face tucked into Michael's neck. "I wish--"

"What?" Michael let his arm fall, rubbing Brian's back.

"Seems silly..." Brian brought his head back up, taking a final gulp of the rest of his juice. "... making wishes that won't ever come true."

"I'm here." Michael twirled in Brian's arms, making it seem like he was one "wish" of Brian's that came true. "Can I be of some help?"

Brian traced a finger over Michael's cheek, ending at his lips. "If it were only that easy." He stared at the two pieces of plump flesh. Too much attention to them, making that sexy mouth look much fuller. It was no wonder Michael could still form words coherently.

"Say it out loud. Maybe someone will hear."

"I wish..." Brian still halted his speech. He sighed, then went on. "... that everything we wanted didn't have to come to us with a fight. Like it's not expected of us. As if we don't deserve this kind of happiness... every day.'

“You could live like that?” Michael tilted his head, looking intently at Brian's eyes. "Having what you once hated that straight people have?"

Brian shrugged one shoulder. "Why should they have all the fun? We need some 'glory', too. For every stupid prejudice we receive just for existing."

"Is it possible to create a world like that? Where everything we want, or need, is easily attainable? And, really, does it make it less worthwhile if the road is less or more difficult?"

"I don't know. I hate this. Wanting so much in this life I can't have. This house... you by my side... Jenny... Gus... my advertising agency... your comic book store. I want it all."

“Are you patient enough to wait?” Michael couldn't help the tiny smile for leaking out. "Maybe those things will come to you?"

Brian furrowed his brow in thoughtfulness. "Go on…"

"Before, in your heyday of bachelorhood, did you ever think you'd be this passionate about complacency, remaining in one place for the rest of your life? Even monogamy? Giving yourself to me... your trust, your respect, your heart... everything you kept for yourself? All that you are and anything you thought you could be? Fatherhood and wanting to be there for Jenny and Gus? Needing their love and affection?" Michael soothed both hands down Brian's chest, playing with the folds of his suit jacket. "Don't you think, Mr. Kinney, you need to rest your weary brain and body and just let it all come to you? Because, shocking I know, you deserve everything. It's your time to be the man no one else believes you can be."

“You really think that highly of me?” Brian had to look down, feeling tears gather, clogging his throat. "That I'm owed a patch of happiness?"

"Yes." Michael laughed, shaking his head. "Will you sit back and allow us to do that for you? Stop trying so damn hard to figure it all out, attempting to find it on your own. That's what we're all here for. Me... Jenny... Gus... and uh, Hunter, if you don't mind. Ted.... when you can tolerate his squareness. Even Blake. And maybe... Emmett. But you don't have to if it's too much. Em can be a bit much for me at times."

Brian smiled, a little shy. "Glad you're here to kick me in the ass. Set me right. Nobody does it quite like you."

Michael rubbed a soft spot on Brian's cheek. "I'll always be here. Always."

"Good... 'cause that makes me want to begin today even more." Brian quickly pecked Michael's mouth, extending the pressure for awhile. He picked up his briefcase off the counter. "Hey, tonight at dinner -- you and me – we will talk about that phone call to Melanie. Okay?"

"Sure." Michael wiped hands on his hips. "Anything special you want for dinner?" He saw Brian's train of thought roll through his mind. Pervert. "... and no, I refuse to be the main course." He bowed like a lady in courtesy.

"I'll take a 'midnight snack', if you're good for it." At Michel's snicker and agreement, Brian answered the dinner question. "Feel like going out?"

"Not the Diner."

"I didn't say the Diner was one of your choices."

"Oh? Do you know of somewhere we can take Jenny? Is it new? Is it nice?"

"Yup." Brian was almost on his way out of the kitchen, he kept hold of the wall's molding. "A potential client. Chef who owns his own restaurant. Family run, through-n-through. He went to cooking school over in Italy."

Michael crossed arms over his chest. "But we had pasta last night."

"There's other dishes on the menu. I hear he makes a mean hamburger."

"Okay... sounds great. Maybe the food will be on the house."

Brian turned his head, knowing exactly what made Michael agree. "How did I know you'd accept an offer of free food?"

"Well, you do know me -- very well, I might add."

Brian swiveled to head out. "See you when I see you." He had to get out soon or he would be here forever.

"Bye, Brian. Call Jen down on your way out."

Jenny finally jumped into view, spooking Brian. "… ''m up, Daddy!" She blocked Brian's exit. She walked toward Brian and grabbed for his dangling, empty hand. "… can I walk you to yur car?"

Brian didn't know how to answer. Jenny was looking up at him with young "Michael" eyes. He was utterly speechless. "Sure."

Jenny tugged, making their way to the front door. "… you gonna have a bizzy day?"

Brian shook his head, wondering what secret Jenny had up her sleeve. "Nah, pretty light. Middle of the week, you know." Yeah… like a five-year-old child would completely understand.

"… if Daddy an' I come see you, can we bring you lunch?" Jenny had walked through the foyer.

"Bring me lunch. Lady Jenny, now you're talkin'."

Michael shook his head as he watched Jenny, literally, drag Brian out the door. He wondered how long she had been standing in the dining room, listening. He didn't think much of it and tried to wrap his head around his To Do list for the store. He gathered dishes and food, waiting for Jenny's return so they could have their breakfast together.

What he didn't expect was the blood curdling child's scream, then some yelling…

"DADDY!"

For a momentary second, Michael stopped and turned toward the living room window, thinking the neighbors were having quite a fight. Then something in the house crashed to the floor… shattering glass… and the curtains moved…

Michael heard the quick footfalls of Jenny's shoes on the porch steps, then on the hardwood flooring. She frantically dashed in, having left the door wide open in her fright.

"… Daddy! Come help… please! Brian… he…" Jenny's red, flushed cheeks were stained with tears. Her eyes were wide on her face, pupils dilated. "… he f-fell. He won' get up… he won' move…" Her shaking hands reached out for him to take them. "Daddy?!"

"Dear God!" Michael was out the door in a flash, Jenny trailing behind him.

~~TBC...