I had just got divorced from my wife. It was an amicable arrangement - amicable and inevitable. She was a lovely girl. Attractive, very sexy and good fun to be with. The sex was great but that was the problem. She just loved to fuck. Unfortunately it wasn't just me that she fucked. She'd been through all my friends, most of her friends husbands, the guys at work and even the milkman. And that was just the ones I knew about. For my part I had to reciprocate. I'd had most of her friends and the milkman's wife (I particularly enjoyed that one!). As you can see, this wasn't a match made in heaven. With hindsight I should have let her marry someone else and carried on screwing the arse off her. In fact, when she later remarried, this is exactly what I did.

Anyway, immediately after the divorce I wasn't in any kind of relationship. At the same time my sister had broken up with her long term boyfriend. As we were both on our own we took to going out together a couple of times a week. We'd go to the movies, to the pub or for a meal.

Now my sister had always been a real cock teaser. My mates were all desperate to fuck her. I managed to keep them off her, partly because she was under age and, as her older brother, I felt protective towards her. It was also partly because I would have been as jealous as hell if they had succeeded. She teased me as much as she did them. Her kisses were a bit more than sisterly, she would rub her body against me when nobody was looking and some of the clothes she wore were just too much. She knew what effect it had on me and she loved it.

At the time of my divorce she was 19. One evening we had been to see a film. We'd had to queue to get in and it was a cold night. Under her coat she was wearing a black leather mini skirt and a white halter neck top with no bra. She also had on thigh length boots (these were all the rage at the time). In the queue she had cuddled up to me to keep warm. Some of the guys were looking at me knowingly. They didn't realize she was my sister, of course, and they thought that I was going to get my rocks off big style after the film.

Afterwards we decided to go back to my place for a drink before I took her home. While I got the drinks she made herself comfortable on the sofa. I sat next to her and tried hard to control my lustful thoughts. My sister had a tiny body - very slim but with bumps in the right places. She had long dark hair and long legs. As I looked at her sideways I could see her nipples pressing hard against the thin material of her top. My cock was getting hard.

She started to talk about the times when she was younger and I reminded her what a tease she had been to my friends. She laughed and said "Didn't you get a bit excited too?"

"Of course I did" I replied.

"You're not supposed to feel that way about your sister" she said. As she spoke she leaned against me and put a finger to my lips. I could feel her tits against my arm and it felt like her nipples were burning into me.

"I know" I said quietly "But I'm not just your brother. I'm also a man who has desires like any other". I bit her finger playfully.

"So, does that mean you still desire me" she asked, looking deep into my eyes. For an answer I put my hand behind her neck and pulled her head towards me. I kissed her gently on the lips. She raised her hand to my neck and pulled our mouths together. Her tongue forced its way between my lips and played with mine. I dropped my hand to her waist and squeezed. We were still kissing passionately as I moved my hand upwards until I found her tit. Her hand dropped into my lap and she started to rub my stiff cock through my trousers. I was playing with her nipple, rolling it between my thumb and finger. The times I had gazed my sisters nipples through her clothes and wanted to play with them. Now, here I was, realizing my greatest fantasy.

I put my hand back up behind her neck and unfastened her top. It fell to her waist revealing her tits in all their glory. I dropped my head and sucked on each tit in turn. She moved round and laid back, pulling me down beside her. I carried on licking her nipples and she started to undo my trousers. Her hand slipped inside and she released my rampant cock. Slowly she began to rub. I moved my hand down to her thighs and they parted. I touched her pussy through the thin material of her panties. She was already very wet. I worked a finger into the side of her panties and slowly eased it into her dripping cunt. I felt her quiver. She whispered into my ear "This is not very comfortable. Are you going to bed me?"

I didn't need asking twice. I stood up and pulled her upwards. Holding my trousers up with one hand and holding her hand in the other I silently led her to the bedroom. We fell onto the bed and I pulled off her top. She undid my shirt and I took it off. I stood up to take off my trousers and, while I did so, she removed her skirt. I lay down beside her and started to kiss my way down her body. She had her hands on my head, playing with my hair.

"Well, big brother! It seems that I've been missing out all these years" she laughed. I didn't speak but slid her panties down and off. I pushed my face against her cunt. This was my sisters pussy, the one that I had wanted to fuck for years. My tongue went inside her and I felt her hips push up to meet it. I licked at her clit and her body rolled and bucked. I wanted to fuck her now so I moved my body up alongside her.

"You can't come inside me" she said. "I'm not on the pill".

I was devastated. So close and yet, now, so far. I smiled at her and went back down to her cunt. I figured that if I could get her close to cumming she might just change her mind. My tongue teased her clit. I pushed it inside her and rolled it around. Her hips were really working now. Her hands were on my head, pulling me into her. I reached up and took a nipple between my fingers. My face was covered in my sisters juices. My tongue continued to work up and down her pussy and around her clit. Suddenly I felt her tense. I had done it too well - she was cumming. Now I had missed my chance to shove my cock into her tight cunt. As her orgasm subsided I kissed my way up her body. As I got close to her face my cock touched her cunt lips. She must have still been tender after her orgasm because she pulled away sharply. "No!" she said. "I told you, you can't cum inside me".

"I know" I replied. "But I've still got a stiff cock!"

She reached down, took it in her hand and slowly started to rub it. I wanted to feel her again so I put my hand back on her pussy. As I slid a finger gently into her I felt her hips push against it. She was getting ready again! I worked on her cunt without touching her clit. I didn't want to miss another chance. Gradually I moved my body over my sister until my cock was again touching her wet pussy. I felt the head slip inside her and was expecting her to push me off. Instead, her hips pushed up and I went deep into her. Her legs came up round me and clamped behind my back. Now I couldn't pull out even if I wanted to. I started thrusting in and out. My sister whispered "Your cock feels great inside me. I want to feel you shoot in me!" This was enough for me. After a couple more thrusts I felt my balls rising and great spurts of seed gushed into my sisters cunt. As I came so did she and our bodies ground together in ecstasy.

We lay together for a while, then showered and I took her home. Fortunately she didn't get pregnant. We never spoke about it again and never repeated the performance. I would if I could, though!

