Chapter One

Spike's nose flared drinking in the scents of London. Some would say it wasn't a good thing to do but it was the smell of home. It had been a long time since he and Dru had been in England. It felt good. His feet found street after street, taking him to his old haunts as if he had never left. What could be more right than strolling his hometown with the love of his unlife on his arm?

Dru was uncharacteristically quiet but that didn't matter. He wasn't in the mood for chatter. He simply wanted to soak it all in. She was beautiful with a white gypsy head cover over her grown, which dripped two pearls onto her pale forehead. Her dress was equally ethereal white with angel sleeves of chiffon and lace that almost swept the ground. She was his angel. And he was her devil in his black leather, spiked bleached hair, silver jewelry and the rocker eyeliner she had painted on him.

Unfortunately, it wasn't all fun and games. He had come back for business. An old acquaintance of his, Gavin Davies, Spike didn't know exactly what kind of demon he was but he appeared utterly human unless there was need for his magics. It never bothered Spike overly much as to what Gavin was. He liked Gavin's fair attitude when it came to sharing in the bounty.

It took a little doing to find the club. Spike didn't share Gavin's taste in music and had never been there before. Finally he found it. Jazz music pumped out of the place. At least it wasn't disco. He couldn't have handled that.

Dru slid her hand into his. He gave it a reassuring squeeze. He wished he knew what was up with her. She seemed clingy like a child, almost afraid. He knew she liked Gavin well enough and the nice thing about that was Gavin had no interest in Dru. Usually Spike didn't like dealing with poofs but Gavin had two things going for him. He had never made a pass at Spike. Gavin had a self professed taste for the girly men, and his ventures, while risky, had generated a lot of money for them over the years.

He saw Gavin waiting at a table in the far corner, an unhappy look on his long lean face. Spike figured it was because he wanted to be closer to the stage and the wailing sax played by an effete blond that was to Gavin's tastes. But that wasn't a place to do business. Gavin made him slightly nervous in his brightly striped jumpsuit and glittered platform shoes. His bright copper curls were cut in a shag, giving him a rooster like appearance. David Bowie would be proud of this glam brother.

Gavin's grey eyes lit up as Spike tossed himself onto a chair. Dru sat on Spike's lap, still unusually quiet. Maybe she had a vision. Usually she told him, but if it was particularly disturbing, she might not want to face it.

"Spike, Drusilla, so glad you could make it," Gavin said. "Can I order you up a pint?"

"Good man. Dru, pet, would you like something to drink?" Spike asked and she just shook her head, her dark curls spilling over her face.

"You look so sad, Drusilla," Gavin said, waving for a waitress. "I'll get you something to cheer you up."

Dru looked at the stage. She studied the lanky long-haired sax player and the young enthusiastic musicians with him. A threnody spilled out of the gold.

"You like that sax?" Gavin asked, following her gaze.

Dru's head lolled against Spike's chest. A beatific smile graced her face. Beautiful as a cemetery under a full moon.

"I know what you mean." Gavin glanced up at the waitress who looked long and leggy in her platform shoes. "Two Newcastle Browns and an asti spumante for the lady."

"You said you had a bit of business for me, Gavin," Spike said as the waitress moved off.
Gavin pouted. "All business, no time for a little fun with old friends, Spike?" he scolded.

Spike spread his hands. "Just curious is all."

"What would you like to find most in the world magic-wise?" Gavin asked, his green eyes bright and happy.

Spike thought for a moment. There were so many things he wanted. There was a mirror that was said to reflect vampires. He'd love that as a gift for Dru. But there was something he wanted most of all. The Gem of Amara.

"Most likely a fable." Gavin waved him off. "How about the Salisbury Basket?"

Spike's brow creased. "And that's not a fable?"

Gavin's thin lips twitched almost into a smile. "Think on it, Spike. You put anything into that basket and it duplicates it. You put in a knife and get back two. Put in a pint of O neg and get two."

"Put in a hundred quid." A wicked grin split Spike's gaunt face. "Yeah, I like the idea but what makes you think it exists?"

"The same thing that makes you think the Gem of Amara is real and more importantly I know a group of wankers who have a line on it." Gavin tugged at one of his curly red locks as the waitress arrived with their drinks.

"Do tell." Spike knocked a good part of his pint of ale back in one long swallow as the sax player launched into Blues in the Night. 

Dru sipped her asti spumante and giggled, resting her head against Spike's shoulder. "Tickles."

"I thought you'd like that, Drusilla. Its sweeter than champagne and I thought you'd be able to taste it better," Gavin said, reaching over and patting her hand.

Spike gave him a grateful look. He appreciated the platonic friendship Gavin extended to Dru. "Thanks."

"It's all bright and sunny like the first days of summer," Dru said, poking a finger at the bubbles in her glass.

"Well, that's perked her up." Gavin gave them a big open grin. "As for the blokes with a line on the basket, they're a group of magic users, not a traditional coven though. They mostly do a lot of drugs, have sex with their magic groupies and they do some flashy magic to draw in a crowd."

"So? Groups like this have been all the rage this past decade and most of it is bollocks," Spike said, playing with Dru's long straight hair.

"No argument but these blighters are for real. Its not all glitzy magick to impress the stupid and easy. They do some real magic and some of its very dark," Gavin said.

"Anything we'd be interested in?" Spike finished his ale. He could think of a lot of bad magic he'd like to spread around.

"Probably. Way I hear it, they've even done a little demon summoning." A hint of evil gleamed in his eyes. "The best part is one of them is a Watcher's son."

Spike grinned broadly. "Daddy must be so proud."

"All those secrets," Dru muttered into her champagne glass.

Spike kissed her cheek, giving her a hug. "Good point, ducks. The Watchers have countless secrets and spells enough to make us richer than Croesus on the open market."
Gavin shook his head. "My sources gave no indication he's likely to turn on them, and before you suggest torturing him, I want no part of it. I'd rather not put a bullseye on my head. I don't want them sending the Slayer after me."

Spike fished out his fags and popped one between his lips. "Fought a Slayer once. Take a guess who lost."

Gavin wagged a delicate finger. "Just leave me out of it, but I suppose that we could always just ask him. I could be wrong. He might be able to be bought."

"We'll see. So, how did you find out about this basket?" Spike asked as Dru squirmed distractingly on his lap.

"I have a source in their group, two actually. One of which is my sister," Gavin replied.
"Lucky you." Spike shifted Dru a bit before the way she was wiggling overexcited him. He wasn't opposed to public sex but he was trying to do a little business tonight.

Gavin gave him a slightly suspicious look. "Actually Telyn doesn’t like me so what little she tells me is just to taunt me."

"So your second source is spying on your sister. Brilliant." Spike laughed.

"I thought so." Gavin patted Dru's hand again. "Drusilla, you're looking tired. Would you like to go home? I'm not planning to go look for the basket until two days from now."

"What happens then?" Spike asked, cradling Dru closer.

"They're having a big party. That'll be a good time to give it a try. They'll be off their guard. There'll be a crowd and they're all likely to be drunk, high or both." Gavin smiled.

"Great. I'd take Dru home if we had one. Not sure yet where we'll be bunking down." Spike's nose wrinkled as he bit down on his cigarette.

"I've taken care of that. Want me to take you there now?" Gavin asked.

"Yeah. It was a long boat trip here. Dru and I could use a little bed time, couldn't we pet?"

She smiled vacantly. "My Spike knows best."

Spike got up and set her down. She stayed tucked into his side as they followed Gavin along the dark streets. He led them to a rather shabby apartment house, a subdivided old house more than anything. He handed Spike two keys on a ring.

"The round one is for the front door," Gavin said then led them through the crooked hallway to a flat in the back. "The other is for this door."

Spike opened it revealing a furnished flat. He seemed slightly surprised to be able to step across the threshold without a problem. "Killed the owners?"

Gavin cocked up a feathery eyebrow. "You vampires and racking up high body counts. No killing. I rented it legally. It's yours. It's a cramped little place with few windows so it was cheap, but I figured it was far more amenable than a crypt and less public than a hotel room."

Spike slapped Gavin's back. "You're an all right bloke sometimes, Gavin".

Gavin shrugged his lean shoulders."I figure that I need you on the top of your game so it's worth the money. I'll take it out of your cut of whatever else we get up to besides the basket."

Spike snorted. "I'm sure you will."

"I'll let you settle in and hook up with you tomorrow night," Gavin said. "Fair night, Drusilla. He kissed her cheek and she ducked her head shyly. Spike didn't begrudge him the kiss. He liked people treating Dru like the princess he felt she was and Gavin was not competition so what did it hurt?

"I'll call you tomorrow and Spike, I love the eyeliner." Gavin pointed at the black make-up Dru had applied to complete the rocker look.

Spike scowled making a breaking motion with a hand slash above his belt line. "Don't step over the line."

Gavin laughed and left, shutting the door behind him.

Spike smoothed Dru's hair. "Whats wrong, love? You're not usually so quiet."

Dru shook him off and headed into the tiny bedroom. The furnished room possessed a small bed that sagged a bit and a battered wardrobe with an upright mirror sprouting from it like a mushroom. The small window wore a ratty dark curtain that effectively cut what little light could find this corner of the world. The bedroom walls were sage green which beat the kitchen's burnt orange hands down. Dru flopped onto the bed.

"Just tired," she said.

Spike gave her a disbelieving look then lugged the wardrobe over so the mirror further blocked the window. He climbed into the bed beside her. "I think it's more than that, pet." He massaged the small of her back. "You can tell me anything."

Dru's blue eyes searched his face. "It's written in the night clouds."

"What is, love?"

"This is going to be bad for you. I see dark magics changing things from one side of the coin to the other. I see your rage and it's like ice in my bones." She trembled as she spoke.

Spike kissed her. "I'll never be angry with you. You're my light, Drusilla. Nothing's going to change that. I'm not afraid of magic."

A pout touched Dru's lips. "I know. Bad things," she insisted. "Like the stars in the sky changing to moons."

"I believe you, poodle but I can take care of myself." He ran a hand up her leg and under her skirt, tenderly caressing her. I can drive all these gloomy thoughts from your mind," he promised.

Dru smiled weakly, knowing she'd never convince him of the danger she saw. She didn't tell him the change wasn't permanent. Let him find out on his own if he wouldn't listen. Sometimes her boy needed to be taught painful lessons. This was one such time. She snaked her arms around his neck, pulling him down and kissing him hungrily.