"A baby might need to get in here."

This story is the property of the author.  It may be redistributed, copied and stored without changes, though it is not to be used by commercial entities.  Using this material in any commercial publication, including websites, without the express permission of the author, will be followed up with legal action. This fictional story was written for the entertainment of adults and should not be viewed by those under the legal age.

This is a story of casual, unprotected sex, and is a work of fiction. In real life, use a condom, damnit! Unwanted babies, HIV and all sorts of lesser sexual diseases await the idiot who "dips his wick" or "rides the rod" without protection.

---

Sniffle, Chapter 11 (mfF, bi, mc, nc, oral, impreg?, reluc)
by Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)

---

JJ tried to sneak in through the side door after staying out all night, but his stepfather Aaron heard him on the stairs and came out of the kitchen. "JJ? You just getting in now?"

"Um, yes..." JJ replied, uncertainly.

Aaron looked around conspiratorially, keeping his voice low. "You're a man now, huh? Please tell me you wrapped it up."

JJ, surprised, responded, "Um...yep." He HAD put on a condom when he had the chance, so that wasn't a straight lie; it was, however, a lie of omission due to Jacinda's mother then removing said condom before she rode him to her own insemination that morning, not to mention the up to 6 other female senior students JJ had spermed while he was drugged and kept hard from the Viagra cocktail the previous night.

Aaron came down the stairs and clapped him on the shoulder. "I won't tell your mom. I think she thinks you're still in bed." Then he wrinkled his nose. "Damn, you smell like pussy! Go shower and change your clothes, big man."

---

After brunch, JJ got a text from Marti: *Meet me at Ryder Park at 1pm*.

He sighed. Might as well get this over with, he figured.

"JJ!" Marti rushed forward in a colorful sundress and gave him a tight hug as he walked up to her. He hugged the slim auburn-haired girl back and waited for her to realize that things had changed.

She stood back and regarded him. "Everything okay?" she asked.

"Er...do I seem different to you?"

She squinted her eyes and then turned her head sideways, much like a cute puppy. "Maybe? You get a haircut or something?"

"No." He moved to the same bench he had bent her over and fucked her from behind earlier in the week and sat down. Why wasn't she saying he was ugly or something? "When did you say your last period was?"

She sat down next to him, her face reddening a little. "Must be almost three weeks ago now?" She got close, whispering. "Sorry, too late to knock me up this month, if you haven't already, so we can keep fucking without a condom if you want until my next one arrives...which could be another week or so, or...well, I guess nine months from now, depending." She got a faraway look in her eyes.

This was weird, JJ thought. His dad had said that women would lose their interest when they stopped being fertile, but Marti wasn't acting any differently. Well, no, he amended, she wasn't trying to tear his clothes off like the other times they had been together. "So you...still like me?" he asked her.

"Sure!" she said as she took his arm and put her head on his shoulder. "You saved me from my sexual predator stepdad, and you give me awesome orgasms." She traced her fingers absentmindedly along his forearm. "Why wouldn't I like you?"

And so, with Marti's mind not being pickled by his pheromones, they talked. JJ talked about his favorite TV shows, and he found that Marti liked The Bachelor (ugh)! She also revealed that she didn't like tomatoes, not even in tomato sauce...or even ketchup! He told her about his family, like his stepfather, who was actually pretty cool, and his younger stepsister, who was not cool in the least, and his mom. He didn't mention his real dad.

"How's your mom handling the breakup?" JJ asked her.

Marti sat up. "Pretty well. Rebounding from him to your magical cock the same night helped, I think. She's been asking about you, y'know. So has Lina."

JJ tensed up. Although Marti still liked him, probably her sister and mother would decide differently when they saw him outside of their fertile time. "I should probably stay out of your house for a while...let your mom meet someone her own age?"

"Hm..." Marti considered, "maybe. What if you got her pregnant?"

JJ felt faint. "I...we'll figure that out then, okay?"

She stood up. "C'mon, let's go to the mall."

"What's at the mall?"

She shrugged. "People to watch."

---

They were sitting in the food court at the mall sipping sodas and peoplewatching when a slim twentysomething brunette in a tight black knitted top, gray slacks and black pumps walked by, paused, circled their table, and then sat down next to JJ.

"Um, hi...?" he greeted the newcomer.

"Hi! I don't know why I sat down," the pretty woman informed him. "You just seem like a really interesting person."

Marti watched this exchange with one eyebrow arched. JJ realized that without Marti's intellect being dimmed by his pheromones, this woman's behavior would seem strange to her.

JJ tried to head off what was happening. "Look, we're having a conversation here, miss..."

"Zara." The woman held out her hand as she gave an audible sniff. He could see her pupils opening wider as she gazed at him with obvious interest.

JJ hesitantly shook her hand. "JJ...that's Marti. We should get going," he advised her, rising to his feet.

Zara held on to his hand so he had to sit back down. Damn these aggressive women! he thought.

She leaned in and sniffed again. "Wow, you smell nice...is there somewhere we can go, privately, JJ?"

"I know somewhere."

Both JJ and Zara looked at Marti, who had spoken. "Come with me," the auburn-haired girl commanded, and rose to her feet. Zara likewise rose, pulling JJ up by his hand.

"Marti..." he began.

"Come on!" Marti urged them as they left their sodas and strode toward the washrooms, Zara still pulling JJ along. Marti knocked on the door for the washroom reserved for changing babies' diapers, and then pushed it open, revealing it was empty. She pulled JJ and Zara inside and closed and locked the door behind them.

"Marti, this is for mothers," JJ complained as Zara started to kiss at his neck.

"Hey, Zara, you want to be a mother, right?" the girl asked the pheromone-addled woman.

"Ooh, yes..." the woman sighed before she turned JJ's head to hers and kissed him.

Against his better judgment, JJ's cock was getting hard. This woman had a tight sexy body and she was focusing all of her wiles upon him. But what was Marti doing?

"We should be quick," Marti advised as she came up behind Zara and caressed the woman's flat stomach. "A baby might need to get in here."

Zara reached down, unzipped JJ's fly, and pulled out his hard cock. "Mmm, very nice..." she cooed.

Marti unfastened Zara's slacks and pulled them down, along with her sheer panties. "Turn around," she commanded the woman, and Zara obeyed, taking a hold of the grab bar on the wall to hold herself up as she bent over, looking back at JJ with undisguised lust.

JJ pulled his wallet out. "I'm definitely using a condom," he declared, fishing out his last packet, the other one having been discarded after failing in its one job that very morning.

Marti grabbed it. "I'll handle this. You get in there." She then smacked his ass, which had the effect of pushing his turgid member toward Zara. The woman reached back, grasped it, and then directed the head between her very wet pussy lips.

Zara pushed back and they both moaned as JJ's bare cock slid halfway into her sultry vagina. Defeated, JJ grabbed her hips and started to saw his dick into the stupefied woman.

Marti knelt down in front of Zara and tried to pull the woman's top up. Zara helped Marti get both that and her black bra off before she returned her hands to the bar.

"Mmm...nice handful titties..." Marti sighed as she reached up and fondled them. "You think they'll get bigger when they're full of milk?"

"Unh...uhn...milk?" Zara asked, her mind sluggish from JJ's pheromones as he pummeled her pussy from behind.

"You said you wanted to be a mommy," Marti reminded her, continuing to massage the woman's B-cup breasts.

"Oh..." Zara responded. "Yeah, that would be niiccce...harder, JJ..."

"Condom?" JJ asked Marti. He wasn't going to last with all this talk of making babies and breasts getting bigger.

"Oh, right..." Marti reached down the top of her sundress and fetched out the packet. "Let's see now..." She fumbled with it.

"Hurry..." JJ urged her, slowing his thrusts. He heard the crinkle of the wrapper, and then a splash.

"Oops!"

JJ looked, and the unwrapped condom was floating in the toilet! "Fuck!" he exclaimed.

Marti got up and moved around behind him. "Yes, fuck. Fuck fuck fuck..." She pushed him from behind, causing him to spear more deeply into Zara's fertile depths. Then she pulled his hips back and pushed him again.

"Oh! Yes, harder, faster, JJ...I'm so close..." Zara urged.

JJ let go of Zara. He had to pull out! Then, suddenly, Marti reached around, grabbed the brunette's hips, and pulled, sandwiching JJ between Zara's pussy and Marti's pelvis, which was now pressing into him from behind. Marti began to thrust her hips into his butt, which caused him to thrust into Zara again. It was like Marti herself was fucking Zara, but using JJ's cock!

It was too much. "Fuccckkk..." JJ moaned as his orgasm blasted through him, his cum racing from his loins, up his cock shaft, and then spewing forcefully into Zara's overheated pussy.

As the woman felt his hot sperm filling her eager reproductive system, Zara moaned loudly as her own orgasm started. As each spurt of JJ's semen entered her, her orgasmic insides urged that dangerous substance deeper into her unprotected, fertile depths. "U-hh! Ohhh Goddd...JJ...fuuucckkk..."

Then there was a knock on the door. "Shit!" JJ hissed, and pulled out, making Zara gasp.

"Mine!" Marti whispered, and dropped to her knees to take his wilting cock into her mouth. As she swallowed his remaining semen, she furrowed her brow, surprised to not immediately orgasm at the taste, as she had before. "Hm...?" She finished cleaning him up and he tucked himself away. Then, as the knocking became more insistent, they helped the shaken Zara get dressed.

When they were ready, Marti said, "Okay, on three? One, two..."

"...three!" She flicked the lock open and pulled the door hard. A woman holding a baby stood there, startled by the sudden movement, and she moved back to allow Marti to exit. Then JJ and Zara rushed forward as well, quickly following Marti into the mall crowd and leaving the mother standing there, flabbergasted.

"Hey!" they heard her exclaim as she receded into the distance.

JJ grabbed Marti's hand and steered her away from Zara. "We gotta go," he advised her. Zara was now lost in the throng, and the teenagers headed to the mall exit.

"You're going to tell me what the fuck just happened there, JJ. I mean, it was fucking hot, but that was not normal."

JJ nodded, and they ran down the street.

To be continued...

---

Krosis' home on the web: http://www.asstr.org/~krosis

Fans or pans? E-mail Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)