After staring at His picture for what seemed like hours and missing Him it was all I could do to wait until I got upstairs. My hand had already found its way to caressing over my right breast through the pale pink blouse. The steps seemed to go on forever as I made my way up. Then finally I was there at the top. The newly fallen snow on the roof and the streets helped the street lights illuminate the rooms. I didn't turn on one single light as I stepped into the bedroom. The bed covered in those rich textures and colours seemed so very inviting. The light filtering in from the streets outside gave a soft glow to everything. Shadows danced on the walls in places I had never seen, making the room seem magical.
Slowly my fingers worked at the buttons of the pale pink blouse, yet my mind was picturing Him. I could see the way His mouth curved up slightly as I let out a soft moan and imagined those lips wrapped tightly around my nipple. I could feel His hands on each breast, kneading, twisting and caressing. My nipples hardened instantly and ached for His touch. My need was for Him and yet tonight He was miles away from me.
I glanced at the bed and smiled as the soft glow made it so inviting, yet I turned and walked towards the window. My hand moving down over my taut stomach till it reached the button of my jeans. I popped it open with ease then let my fingers slide to the zipper and ease it lower. Pushing my hands into the sides of my jeans and with a few little wiggles they slide down over the curve of my hips and continued down to puddle at my feet as I stepped out of them.
The street light shone right into the window where I was standing. Looking down at the pale skin of my body I smiled as my hands slide over the luminescent skin of my hips and continued up over the pale pink lace panties and still upwards over the full breasts that were covered by the pale pink lace bra. Nipples so hard protruded from the lace as if they were begging to be set free. A soft purr escaped my lips as my fingers grazed each nipple. My hips swayed a little as my lashes fell down to my cheeks and I could see Him as if He was standing right there in front of me.
With my eyes still closed I stepped closer to the window seat and crawled atop it. Moving to lean against the pillows that were always there, my back pressing into the wall as my thighs fell apart and my hands moved back to cover each breast as I imagined His hands kneading the flesh. As I opened my eyes I could see the street with the newly fallen snow. How the light made it glisten and sparkle making the entire street seem as though it was filled with magic. So close to Christmas anything was possible.
The strap on my left shoulder fell at the same moment my left hand slid under the lacey material to brush against the warm skin that lay beneath. Fingers moving to grasp that erect nipple and tug at it, pull and twist it till all that was heard were the soft whimpers of need escaping my lips. My back arched as I felt that desire growing. God how I wanted Him and wished He was here now to take me.
Slowly my right hand moved from my breast. The warmth of my hand was met with the warmth of the skin on my stomach. Fingers teased and danced along the flesh till they reached the top of those lace panties. For now they did not slide in, but instead they moved down lower, across the soft mound of flesh and disappearing between wide open thighs. Dampness was already beginning to seep through and soak the material.
As the fingers on my left breast squeezed hard all I could think about were His hands and how they felt against my skin. Another quiet moan filled the night air as my back arched, sending a trickle of pleasure rolling through my body. The sensation and movement caused my hips to rock forward sending my already needy cunt into my right hand. A rather loud and heated moan escaped my lips and I found that I couldn't stop myself as I let my fingers slide back up the front of my panties till they reached the edge then disappear beneath the pale pink material. I could feel my thighs parting wider as my fingers reached that soft mound and pushed between those damp folds. At the same moment the fingers of my left hand tightened around my nipple, tugging and pulling, twisting hard and pulling again. Wetness dripped from between those now wet folds and coated the fingers of my right hand as I called out His name.
Those now damp fingers moved deeper into the folds pushing them apart till I could feel them slowly circling, slowing teasing that already hard nub of tender flesh. His face embedded in my mind as if I was looking right at Him. The fingers of my left hand moved to squeeze my breast hard, harder than I would have done it, it was as if He was here taking my body as He would any time He wanted. I was His and He knew this, I knew this. My heart, body and soul belonged to Him and this instance was no different. This was for Him.
My need for Him continued to grow as my hips pressed forward. Then it happened, that hard little nub met with the soft touch of my fingers and I screamed out His name again. My body knew what to do and lust and desire took over. My fingers teased and rubbed and pinched at my clit as my left hand squeezed my left breast harder each time. My body squirmed over the seat, thighs widening as far as they could go. His name whispered over and over as I continued to torment that now excited clit. I knew my panties were soaked with need of Him; my nipples ached for His touch. Every inch of me was His. I was His dirty little slut begging without words to be fucked.
Now soaked fingers moved reluctantly from their teasing as they pushed through the folds and made their way to circle around the hole of my tight cunt before three fingers pushed inside. Gasping loudly as I was stretched just as He would have stretched me. Arching my back as I squirmed, pressing my hips against my hand pushing my fingers in deeper and calling out His name again. I almost forgot the teasing and tormenting of my left breast till my fingers pinched hard on my nipple, I could almost feel it as if it were His teeth clamping down as His cock slid deeper inside me. Fucking me.
Over and over again the torment continued as those three fingers continued to slide in and out of my tight and very wet cunt. I moved just enough so that my thumb could tease at my clit and again I cried out. The empty house filled with the sounds of His name and the now loud whimpers and moans of heated desire and need.
A shudder coursed through me as my back arched even more. I didn't think my thighs could part more but they did sending my fingers in deeper as my body pressed against my hand. Fingers fucking that tight little cunt faster and faster with each moment, my left nipple ached and throbbed from the tugging and pinching. My body shuddered again as the inner walls of my cunt tightened around my fingers. 'Mmmm yes' was all I could think as I squirmed and pressed myself into my hand, riding my fingers as I imagined His cock fucking me, making me more and more His.
As I screamed out His name I felt my own release as my body convulsed against my fingers soaking them, my back arched sending my breast into my hand feeling those fingers squeeze around the flesh as hard as possible sending my hips rocking forward again into my hand making me shudder uncontrollably as I came again in quick succession. Inner walls tightened around my fingers over and over till I couldn't move.
Almost breathless I lay there. Opening my eyes to look out at the street my body still shuddering as I pulled my wet fingers from inside my panties and released the hold my left hand had on my breast I reached for the blanket at the bottom of the window seat and pulled it up over me. Glancing to the bed I sighed. The bed was growing more and more lonely without Him in it. Tonight while laying here still lost in thoughts of Him, my body somewhat satisfied with a need for Him I would sleep. Alone. Yet in my mind I knew He was thinking of me and I hoped that His body too was trembling still and that His bed was growing just as lonely as mine.