Author: mypenname3000
Title: In Another World with My Bimbo App Fourteen: Bimbo Bunny Girl Orgy
Summary: The bimbo bunny girl orgy begins!
Keywords: MFF FF FFF MF mc inc oral creampie anal A2M A2P lac toys orgy breed fantasy isekai magic

Copywrite 2023

Visit my blog at http://mypenname3000.com

Note: Thanks to my beta reader for helping out!

Anni the Bimbo Warrior

Master! I cried as we moved through the Blackmoss Forest. It was a darky place with lots of hidey holeys for Master to hide in. Master!

Mastery Sir, where are you hidying! Erotha called. My boobies wanna fucky your cock, and I can't do that if you're not here!

No, no, I wanna fucky your dick with my assyhole! cried Mint, her cute ears twitching.

And drinky all your yummy nummy pissies! called Cally. Don't you wanna go pee-pee on my boobies and my face and my pussy and my ass and my mouth? Come out, Master!

We didn't know where he could have gone. That was super duper naughty of him. He was being a baddie Master. But we had Bitch. She was all seachying and sniffying and lookying for him. She was a goody girl, her tail all wagging behind her.

Ooh, we're gonna smother you in boobies when we find you, Master! I cried. Yesy we are!
Erotha giggled. I love smotherying Master in my boobies! Yeppers, I do!

This is such a funny dumby game! Mint squealed, her tail swishing back and forth. She had the smallest titties, but she still squeezed them as we moved through the woods. We'll findy you and rubby our pussies all over you! Just smear you in pussy creamies! Yay!

Yay! I squealed. You have the bestest ideas, Mint! I lovey you!

Let's lovey each other righty now! gasped Cally.

Yes! I squealed. Then something in the very, very, very back of my mind objected. Master! We have to find Master and lovey him!

Cally giggled and slapped the side of her head. You're so righty, Anni. I lovey you! Let's kissy pussies and have cummies!

Right! Then I gasped. No, no, baddie, Cally! Master! Then pussy kisses and pee-pee showers and cummies!

Bitch whimpered, her tail wagging. She was on the trail. We skipped after her, all laughing and having such a goody time. The trees were all dark and fuzzy with icky sticky moss. So we avoided rubbying against them. 

Bitch suddenly stopped. She stiffened and growled. The bushes all rustled in a happy way. But they weren't happy. A big, meany bear burst out of them. It was hugey, towering over us with blacky fur and sharpy claws and longy fangs. It roared at us all scary and such.

It lunged at me with its slashing claws like a big meanyface! 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Mark Johnson

I may have made a huge mistake when I bimbofied the entire village of bunny girls. It was the only way I saw out of my problem. They were using me to rejuvenate their dying, ancient matriarch before they killed me. But now they were all empty-headed and hot bimbos.

And they were as horny as bunnies and eager to be bred.

A horde of them engulfed me. They grabbed me and carried me aloft. I clutched to my smartphone as I was smothered in big titty bunny girls. Their breasts rubbed against my face and chest and back and legs. I was engulfed by them. They were carrying me, squealing in horny need.

It was a cacophony of horny cries. They all were gorgeous, with gray, white, or light-blue hair with matching bunny ears. They had cottontails that twitched over their plump rumps and big boobs. Huge tits. Their skin was a rich brown like Fran from Final Fantasy XII.

They carried me outside beneath the sun. It shone high as all the bunny girls were eager to mate with me. They all wanted to ride my hard dick and squealed out in delight. They were so ready to mate with me.

I was so done for.

At least I would die spurting cum into all their pussies. I hoped they kept me well watered. Maybe some of the lactated. That would be just the thing to keep my stamina up. I was thrown down on the ground as the bunny girls all fought with each other.

He's miney mine! 

No, I getty him! 

Mommy, let me go! 

Age before slutty butty youth!

A bunny girl landed on my face, her bald twat tasting sweet. I groaned, thirsty. Pussy cream would just have to satiate my thirst. I licked at her twat with a feverish heat, staring at her brown ass with her cottontail twitching over her rump. That was so hot to watch I was so glad to see it. She squeezed her rump as she ground on me.

Then a hot cunt sat on my dick. A bunny girl squealed in triumph as the others gasped around us. I glimpsed them starting to kiss each other. I saw one bunny girl who dropped to her knees, licking at another's pussy.

Oh, ooh, such a naughty mommy! the one being eaten gasped.

The pussy on my cock slid up and up my shaft and massaged the crown of my rod with her wet folds. I loved how the bimbo-bunny pushed her cunt down my dick. she swallowed me with her juicy and fertile snatch. I would fill her womb with my cum. I would breed them all.

My tongue danced around in the other bimbo-bunny's cunt. She squealed on me, her fluffy tail quivering. She tossed her head, her white hair swaying down her shoulders. She ground her cunt down on my mouth. I licked at her with all that I had.

I tongued her with everything, wanting to make her explode. She whimpered and moaned as I did that. She shuddered as she squirmed on my face, her gasps and moans mixing with the others. The bimbo-bunny on my cock slid up me.

Yesy yes! she squealed. I have his cocky in me!

Lucky ducky! the one on my mouth moaned. I fowgot you have to ride a cocky to get bred, but his tonguey feels so goody great lickying my twaty!

Yay! 

I growled into the bimbo-bunny's sweet snatch. I licked at her folds, loving her taste. She was delicious. I flicked my tongue, slaking my thirst by gathering up all her juices. She squirmed on me, her fluffy tail quivering.

She did such naughty things. It was so hot feeling her do that. Just so wonderful. I was so glad that she squirmed on me. She felt so good doing that. It was so much fun having her quiver on me. She tasted so good, too.

So damned good.

I flicked my tongue through her folds. I lapped at her with all that I had. It was just so delicious to stroke my tongue through her petals. She tasted so good as she squirmed on me. My dick throbbed as the bimbo-bunny worked her cunt up and down me.

Fuck, I growled into the sweet bunny girl's twat.

Ooh, ooh, so greaty! gasped the one riding my dick. I'm gonna be so preggers with your babies! Yay!

Fuck, yeah! I growled and plunged my tongue into the other bimbo-bunny's twat. 

I swirled around in her, enjoying how she squirmed on me. She tasted delicious. Just so wondrous. I feasted on her as my dick throbbed in that other hot cunt. The pressure to cum swelled and swelled in my nuts. I would have a huge cum.

A big burst of jizz would erupt into her fertile pussy. I stirred my tongue around in the other cunt. I enjoyed every last second of feasting on her like that. It was just so great to drink her juices as the other bimbo-bunny rode me.

The gasps and moans echoed around me. A bimbo-bunny orgy raged about me. They gasped and squealed as they loved each other. I spotted one bimbo-bunny ramming a fat carrot into another's asshole. Two were tribbing, their tits heaving. One was breastfeeding a pair of bimbo-bunnies. I hoped those were her adult daughters. 

Fuck, this is hot, I groaned. 

No, I didn't regret bimbofying the entire bunny girl village.

The pressure in my nuts grew and grew. The bimbo-bunnies gasped as they rode me. I flicked my tongue through those delicious folds and stirred around in her snatch. I loved how she squirmed on me. That was so hot to enjoy.

Just so wonderful to have her doing that. She squeezed her cunt down on me. She held me tight with that hot snatch. The pressure in my nuts grew and grew as she rode me faster and faster. She massaged me with that hot cunt. I loved it.

I suckled hard on the bimbo-bunny's clit as the other plunged her cunt down my cock.

Ooh, ooh, he's all suckying on my clitty! gasped the bimbo, her cottontail twitching.
Yay! Yay! gasped the other bimbo-bunny. I'm gonna cummy on him and his biggie hugey greaty dick!

She plunged her cunt down me and squealed out in rapture. Her pussy went wild around my cock. She spasmed around me. It was just a delight to have her snatch suckling on me. I nursed hard on the other's clit. I suckled on her.

Clitty delighty joy! the bimbo-bunny cried before her pussy flooded my mouth with sweet juices.

I drank her cunt cream, gulping it down to slake my thirst. My dick throbbed in the other bimbo-bunny's cunt. I loved the feel of her pussy going wild around me. She nursed at me with that hot cunt. The pressure burst at the tip of my cock.

I erupted into her cunt.

Cummies! she gasped. Baby battery delight!

I flooded her fertile pussy with my cum, my tongue licking at the other bimbo-bunny's cunt. I tongued her snatch, loving her sweet juices. It was such a delicious treat to enjoy as I pumped my cum into the other bimbo-bunny's snatch.

I filled the naughty bunny girl to the brim with my jizz. I flooded her with all that I had. She quivered on me, her pussy writhing around my cock. She suckled at me with all that she had. It felt just so amazing having her milking me like that.

I groaned with each spurt of my cum into her pussy. I flooded her with all that I had it was just a glorious moment to have all that spunk filling her up. The heat rushed through me. Stars flashed across my eyes.

I filled her up with all that I had. It was glorious. Just fantastic. 

Fuck! I growled and erupted one last time into the bimbo-bunny's pussy. 

Cummies! she squealed as her pussy milked me. 

I groaned as I pumped every last blast of jizz into her pussy. I filled her up with all my spunk. It was just such a treat to have all that spunk washing through me. I groaned, the heat flooding me. It was a wonderful moment to have all that delight surging through me.

She ripped her cunt off me. I groaned as the other bimbo-bunny who I had eaten out squealed and leaped off my face. She grabbed the one I had dumped a load in and started feasting on the creampie. I grinned at her. The one I had devoured had white hair while the one who rode me had light-blue. 

Ooh, ooh, that's so goody, gasped the blue-haired bimbo-bunny. She quivered there, her long, floppy ears twitching.

Yeah, I said, sitting up. The orgy raged around me. Bunny girls were sixty-nining, daisy-chaining, fucking each other with dildos, carrots, or zucchini. They fingered each other's pussies and assholes. Devoured cunts. Rimmed sphincters. They looked like they were out of control. It was so hot to watch. 

Then I glanced at the white-haired bimbo-bunny I had devoured. Her cottontail twitched above her plump rump. I grinned and grabbed her rump before one of the others realized I was available. I wanted to enjoy some tight, velvety bunny girl ass.

I pressed my pale cock between her butt-cheeks. I slid down and down until I found her anal ring. She moaned into the blue-haired slut's pussy. The other bunny girl grinned at me, looking so happy. Her ears twitched.

Ooh, ooh, she's all lickying my bredy pussy, she squealed.

Yes, she is, I said and drilled against the bimbo-bunny's asshole. I'm going to fuck her in the ass and make her really feast on your cunt!

Thanky you!

I winked at the bimbo-bunny and thrust harder against the other's surrendering asshole. She whimpered as her asshole widened and widened until I popped into her bowels. I sank into her anal sheath. I went deeper and deeper into her bowels. 

It was so great to feel her asshole massaging me. It was just so good to have her gripping me. I groaned at the heat sweeping through me. It was just so good to have all this pleasure engulfing my cock. It was just so amazing.

Yes, yes, yes, I growled as I drew back my dick.

So goody, the bimbo-bunny whimpered, her cottontail twitching.

I pulled my cock out of her asshole and rammed it back into her bowels. I slammed to the hilt in her snatch. It was just so good to have her velvety sheath massaging me. I gripped her hips, my hands sliding up her torso to find her big, soft tits.

I squeezed those wonderful mounds as I ass-fucked her. I pounded her anal sheath. I rammed deep and hard into her bowels as she whimpered. I fucked her with strength. With passion and force. I plowed into her over and over again.

I slammed into her anal sheath with all that I had. I loved how she gripped me with her bowels. She held me tight with that delicious sheath. She felt so amazing around me. Just so damned good. I fucked her hard and fast.

Ooh, ooh, he's fuckying my assyhole! squealed the bimbo-bunny. But... I have to get preggers.
You will, I lied. My cum can knock up any bunny girl no matter what hole I fill her up in. Even her asshole!

Yay! 

She clamped her asshole down around my thrusting dick. I pounded her anal sheath with hard strokes. I fucked into her bowels with all that I had. I buried over and over into her asshole. She gripped my cock with her delicious asshole.

She felt so amazing around me. I loved it. I loved how she held me tight with her velvety sheath as she feasted on my cum from the other bimbo-bunny's cunt. That one shuddered, her blue ears twitching. She gripped her big boobs, squeezing them.

You're gonna make me all cummy! she gasped. Yay!

Drowny me in your pussy juices! the one I ass-fucked moaned.

God, yes, do it! I growled, the need to erupt into her hot pussy felt so good. I loved slamming into her asshole.

She tongued and licked at the blue-haired bunny girl's cunt, bringing her closer and closer to cumming. Closer and closer to gasping out in delight. I loved it. I slammed my cock deep and hard into that tight asshole.

The pressure grew and grew in my nuts. I hurtled toward the moment of erupting into her bowels when the blue-haired bunny girl squealed. The bimbo's big tits heaved as she drowned the white-haired slut.

Yesy yes! howled the climaxing bunny girl.

Juicies! cried the other, her bowels clamping down hard on me. Nummy yummy pussy creamy juicies!

Her asshole went wild around my dick.

I groaned at the heat of her bowels spasming around me. It was just such a wild sensation to feel nursing at my dick. I slammed to the hilt in her bowels, my nut slapping into her taint. I gripped her big boobs as the pressure burst in my nuts.

I exploded. 

My cum spurted into her spasming asshole. Heat rushed through me. It was just such a delight to have all that pleasure rushing through me. I grunted and groaned, the heat slamming through me. Such delight crashed into my mind.

It was incredible to have her cunt spasming around me. I grunted with each blast of cum that pumped into her anal sheath. The heat shot through me. I groaned at the pleasure sweeping through my body.

Yes, yes, yes, I groaned. Oh, damn, that's good. That's just so good. Fuck!

I filled her asshole with my spunk. I erupted over and over into her bowels. The pleasure slammed through me. Her bowels milked me. I groaned as she worked out the last of my cum, her face rubbing into the other bimbo-bunny's snatch.

Shit, I groaned as my orgasm crested in me.

I ripped my dick out of her asshole and turned to find a nubile bunny girl with gray hair and twinkling eyes. She looked eighteen with round boobs that quivered. She licked her lips as she stared at my cock.

Breedy me! she gasped.

Open wide, I said. I can breed you by having you drink my cum.

Wowzie! she squealed. You're awesomey!

She engulfed my cock with her sweet lips. I groaned as she slid her mouth over the crown of my dirty dick and started polishing my pole with her tongue. She suckled the sour musk off my dick. I groaned as she did that. She bobbed her head, her long ears flopping.

They brushed my thighs as she bobbed her head. The fur was so silky on her ears. I loved it. I savored her nursing on me with all her might. She polished my pole as I watched two bimbo-bunnies who looked identical to each other making out.

Twins?

Such goody girls, a bunny-MILF said, milk beading from her nipples. I wanted to nurse from her. She was pulled down by another bimbo who started fucking the MILF with a strap-on.

I just glanced down at the maybe barely legal bunny girl that was currently sucking on my dick. She polished my pole with her hot mouth. That felt incredible. I loved what she did to me. She swirled her tongue around my cock, polishing my pole.

She was good at it. Her fluffy ears rubbed on my thighs while her cute cottontail twitched over her curvy rump. She bobbed her head, working her mouth up and down my cock. I savored the heat of her mouth nursing on me.

That's right, I groaned. I'm going to totally make you preggers!

She squealed and suckled harder on my cock. She nursed on me with all that she had. It felt so hot having her do that. My eyes rolled back in my head as I enjoyed her passion. She buffed my cock clean of the other bimbo-bunny's ass with such alacrity.

She nursed on me. She suckled with passion on my cock. It was an incredible rush to have her suckling on me like that. I was so happy to have all that pressure around my dick. She swirled her tongue around me.

My nuts twitched with the force of her nursing. She bobbed her head, working her mouth up and down my cock. It was an incredible delight having her working her mouth up and down me like that. I was in heaven here. Just savoring this hot delight. I groaned as she bobbed her head faster. She worked with all her might on me.

That's it, I groaned. You're going to swallow all my cum and have my baby, you dumb bunny!

She moaned around my cock, her tongue flicking about me. She really believed it. I looked around at them all tribbing their cunts together. They shuddered, grinding on each other as they loved each other. It was such a hot sight to witness.

I loved it so much. The pressure in my nuts swelled and swelled toward that big bursting point. I would have a huge climax. Just spurt all my cum into her mouth. I was so ready for all that spunk to fire into her mouth.

She suckled down on me with all that she had. It was such a treat to have her nursing on me like that. She suckled on me with force. It was passionate to have her blowing me with all her passion. She flicked her tongue around my cock. She brought me closer and closer to spurting in her twat. I loved how she did that. It was a beautiful thing.

Damn, damn, damn, I groaned. Oh, you're going to drink all my cum! You'll be so pregnant!

She suckled hard. I couldn't hold back any longer. I didn't want to hold back. I wanted to spurt all my cum into her mouth. I wanted to flood her with everything that I had. It would be so delicious. Just such a wondrous moment.

Yes, yes, I groaned. You bimbo-bunnies have to go out into the world and fuck every man you can! You'll get pregnant so much!

Squeals echoed around me as the pressure at the tip of my cock swirled to that bursting point. I shuddered as the one suckling on me nursed as hard as she could. My nuts unloaded their cum. I sprayed her mouth with my spunk.

I flooded her with blast after blast of my cum. It was so amazing to have this pleasure slamming through me. Stars flashed across my vision. I threw back my head, grunting and groaning with delight. It was just a magical moment to have all this ecstasy sweeping through me.

It was perfect.

Just an amazing rush to have all this pleasure slamming through my body. I grunted with the bliss. I savored the delight of it rushing through me. It was just a wondrous treat. An absolute delight to have it all surging through me.

Stars flashed across my mind. I groaned with each eruption of spunk that flooded her mouth. It was perfect to have. I enjoyed each eruption of cum. The bliss suffused my mind. I groaned with all that delight rushing through me. 

It was a beautiful moment. I groaned out in delight as I pumped the last of my cum into her mouth. The heat washed through me. I smiled from ear to ear as I loved all that pleasure gushing through me. I felt so damned good.

I ripped my cock out of her mouth and turned around to find the MILF-bunny hopping at me.

Cock! she squealed as she flew at me.

I gasped as she slammed into me, her cunt sliding right down my dick. I groaned as those milk-heavy knockers I wanted to nurse from were pressed right against my chest. Her nipples rubbed on my chest. I shivered at how naughty that felt. She kissed me with lips soaked in spicy pussy cream.

I gripped her ass, my fingers brushing the MILF-bunny's cottontail. Her floppy ears tickled my cheeks as her tongue danced around in me. I groaned as she squeezed her thighs around my waist. She slid her cunt up my cock.

Plunged her twat back down me.

I groaned as I kissed her, savoring her pussy working up and down my dick. She held me tight. It was just a delicious treat to have her massaging me like that. I groaned at the heat of her snatch gripping my dick.

She felt so good against me. I loved how great she felt. It was just an amazing moment to feel her slamming her cunt down my dick before sliding back up me. She squeezed her snatch around me, those big, soft titties rubbing on my chest.

She broke the kiss and squealed. Ooh, ooh, you so biggie in Mama Sanaji's pussy! Yay!

Yes, I am, I groaned, savoring her hot snatch plunging down me. You're going to be a mother once again after I have all my cum dumped in you!

Yippee skippee yay! she gasped, her pussy clamping down on my cock.

She felt wonderful around my dick. Just a fantastic rush to have her massaging my cock with her hot flesh. The pressure grew and grew in my dick. It was just a wonderful moment of delight. I would have a huge climax.

Just spurt my cum into her pussy. It was wondrous to have her gripping me like that. She held me tight with all her snatch. I groaned at how delicious she squeezed around me. She massaged me with her wondrous twat.

Cummies in Mama Sanaji's pussy wussy snatchy hole! she gasped, her milk dripping down my chest. She was leaking. I wanted to drink her milk, but it was impossible holding her like this.

She squeezed her cunt down on my cock. She held me tight with that hot pussy. It was just a delight to have her massaging my dick with her hot cunt. She worked her pussy up and down my dick. I groaned, loving how great she felt squeezing her snatch down around my dick. 

She brought me closer and closer to cumming in her snatch. I hurtled toward that moment when I would dump all my cum into her. She held me tight with her hot cunt. She massaged me with her delicious twat. 

Damn, I groaned as she worked her hips in slow circles. She had such an amazing twat. I rose and rose toward my climax. 

She squealed as she gripped me with her delicious twat. I loved what she did to me. It was a beautiful thing to have her massaging me with her cunt. I loved it so much. She squealed around me, holding me tight with her snatch.

I loved how she gripped me with her cunt. She worked that hot twat up and down me. She kissed me as she plunged her cunt down my cock. My hands squeezed the bimbo-bunny's plump rump. The naughty MILF squealed into my lips.

Her pussy went wild around my cock.

I groaned as I erupted into the fertile MILF-bunny's cunt. I flooded her with all that I had. It was a spectacular moment to have all this delight shooting out of me. She moaned, her twat massaging me. She suckled at me with such heat.

It was a beautiful moment. 

I groaned, savoring her fertile cunt milking my dick. I grunted with each blast of cum I fired into her twat. It was amazing to have all that pleasure sweepings through me. Stars flashed through my eyes as she trembled, her fluffy bunny ears rubbing on my cheeks.

She broke the kiss and squealed, I'm a breddy bunny! Yay!

You are a bred bunny, I grunted, dumping more and more of my cum into her snatch.

She clutched me so tight, crushing me to those milk-heavy tits. I needed to drink from them to keep up my spirits. Mama Sanaji suckled at me. Her hot pussy rippled around me. I groaned as I spilled more and more of my seed into her.

I threw back my head, erupting into her with all that I had. I squeezed her rump as she squealed in delight. Her hot twat milked my dick of all my cum. I groaned through the rapture. It was a perfect treat to have all this bliss rushing through me.

Shit! I groaned.

Yummy! she gasped and ripped off me.

Wait, wait, I need your breast milk! I gasped as she jumped away.

I rushed after her only for a bimbo-bunny to jump at me pussy first. She didn't aim for my cock. She aimed for my face. Her pussy slapped into my lips. The blow threw me off my feet. She squealed as I landed on the soft ground, her cunt right on me. 

Yay, cocksies! squealed another bimbo-bunny who plunged her cunt down my dick.

I moaned into the tart pussy, savoring her tight snatch gripping my dick. Pleasure rippled through me. I groaned at how good that was. How amazing she felt around me. She wiggled her hips back and forth, stirring that hot snatch around my dick.

Yummy nummy bunny! the one riding my face moaned as the others gasped out around us. There were hundreds of them who all wanted my dick.

I licked at the pussy on my face, craving some breast milk. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Anni the Bimbo Warrior

Smooch! Mint said before planting her lips righty on me.

I moaned into her mouth as the pain in my tummy all melty away. I could feel the flesh all merging all back together and being all wholey and fixed. I was no longer feeling ouchie. Her tongue thrusty into my mouth as I gripped her rump. I wantyed to do such wickedy thingies to her.

Master! cried Cally. He's not hidying in the bear.

Only nasty thingies in there, Erotha said. Ooh, ooh, Bitch is smelling something!

I broke the kiss with nicey Mint and gasped, No time for smoochies! Master has to be foundy! We won't win all his cummies if we don't findy him!

Righty-o! Mint cried and darted from me.

That's not the righty way! Cally gasped. Mint! Mint, that's wrongy. Bitch is going this way! She's all lovey dovey to Master and wants to sucky his dick and be showered in all his pee-pee!

Yay! Mint turned around scampered after Bitch.

Mint kisses her, healing her from the bear attack. I skipped after them, such an eager beavery bimbo to findy him and lovey him and sucky his cock and ridey his dick and cummy so hardy on him because I loveyed Master.

He owned me. I had to be ownyed by him. Yay!

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Mark Johnson

I was so thankful Mother Usagiko had shown back up. The matriarch had those big tits. I grabbed them and pulled them to me. I latched onto her nipple and suckled on her. I sank onto the ground, drawing her down with me.

My head spun. I had cum fourteen or sixteen times. I was pushing my limit. My cock was starting to ache and I was parched. So it was wonderful to gulp down the soothing breast milk. It was refreshing and sweet.

Ooh, drinky up you breedy male! she squealed as another bimbo-bunny gripped my cock and pressed me into her butt-crack.

Assy breedying time! the bimbo-bunny squealed and plunged her asshole down on my cock.

I groaned around the nipple in my mouth at that velvety asshole sinking down my dick. With the milk warming my belly, I felt like I had a second wind. I gulped down the milk, enjoying the cum spilling down my throat.

I loved this delight. I suckled down the breast milk as that tight asshole worked up and down my dick. She gripped me with her velvety asshole, gasping as she did. I couldn't see her, just those big boobs of Mother Usagiko swaying before me. 

I squeezed them both, milk gushing from her nipples. One flooded my mouth while the other bathed my cheek. That felt so good. It was such a relaxing sensation. I groaned as the asshole massaged my dick.

Yay! Yay! squealed the bimbo-bunny riding me. A biggie cock in my breedy assyhole! I want babies!

I gulped down more of Mother Usagiko's milk. I swallowed it all, filling my belly with refreshing delight. It must be full of all the vitamins and minerals that a man needed to keep fucking. My dick was already throbbing harder.

I nursed hard. Her milk squirted into my mouth. I savored that creamy delight before gulping it down. She cooed as I did. The other bimbo-bunny rode me fast. Her tight asshole worked up and down my dick.

Yesy yes, assy breedying is the besty best! squealed that naughty bimbo-bunny.

Naw-uh! Pussy breedying is the besty best! another gasped. I'll provey it!

Anally breedying is! I'll provey it!

She plunged her asshole down my cock. She took my dick to the hilt in her bowels. I groaned at how incredible she felt. It was just a wondrous treat to have her riding me. I loved it so much. She swelled the pressure in my nuts.

I hurtled closer and closer to cumming in her. I gulped down the invigorating breast milk. That stuff was sweet and delicious. I had to find away to make Erotha lactate. Maybe the App would hold the answers.

I suckled down her breast milk. I gulped it all down as that asshole rode me faster and faster. I hurtled toward my climax. I didn't care if the bimbo-bunny climaxed before me or not. I just wanted to erupt in her.

 She plunged down me.

I exploded.

My hot cum spurted into her asshole. I flooded her with all that I had. I grunted, spurting into her again and again. She squealed as she felt my cum flooding her bowels. Her anal sheath spasmed around me. She suckled at me.

Yes! I groaned, my mouth popping off the bimbo-bunny's nipple.

The pleasure hammered my mind. I loved the feel of the cum spurting out of me. I filled her up with spurt after spurt of my spunk. A wave of dizziness washed over me. Her anal sheath suckled at me. 
Ooh, ooh, anally breedying! she cooed, her asshole writhing around me.

So goody! the other gasped. Now it's pussy breedying!

She shoved the bimbo-bunny sitting on my cock off me. The other one fell over. Mother Usagiko gasped and jumped away. I groaned, wanting to drink more of her breast milk. The other bimbo-bunny straddled me, her gray ears flopping.

Pussy breedying! she cried out like it was a holy word or something.

She grabbed my dirty dick and pressed my tip into the folds of her pussy. She plunged her cunt down my dick. I groaned at the warmth of her silky snatch engulfing my dick. It was so incredible to have her doing that. She swallowed me.

I smiled in delight at the warmth of her cunt massaging me. She gripped me with that hot snatch. She worked up and down me with her hot cunt, polishing my pole. Her big boobs bounced above me. Did her tits lactate?

I gripped them and squeezed.

No milk squirted for her nipples.

Damn, I groaned as her hot cunt worked up and down me. She gripped my dick with her silky snatch, buffing off the other bimbo-bunny's asshole. Damn, damn, damn!
Cock, cock, cocky cock! squealed the bimbo, clapping her hands. Ooh, ooh, breedy my pussy!

Yeah, I groaned, needing more breast milk. That stuff was good, but...

I had the energy. I bucked upward and bounced her on my cock. I fucked into her cunt. She squealed as my as her tits heaved. They slapped together and rippled in such sexy ways. I grinned at her as she squeezed her twat around me. Her pussy plunged down me as the other bimbo-bunny was getting her ass reamed now by a carrot.

Cummy carrots! the bimbo fucking her asshole squealed. She ripped it out and started eating the dirty vegetable covered in my cum.

Bimbo-bunnies were wild things.

I fucked upward into the bimbo riding me. She gasped, her floppy ears and heavy tits bouncing. Her face twisted in delight as her pussy clamped down on me. She felt so amazing. I loved it. Her cunt massaged me, sending me closer and closer to bursting. I loved the feel of her hot twat massaging my dick. 

She worked that twat up and down me faster and faster as I fucked upward. Her vulva slapped down into my pubic mound. She must be feeling that in her clit. It must be bursting with sparks that showered through her, bringing her closer and closer to cumming.

Ooh, ooh, that's so great good! she gasped. I lovey it!

Me, too, I groaned, savoring her hot cunt. I fucked her with force. Let me feel that pussy going wild around me!

Yesy yes! She leaned over me and planted her big boobs onto my chest. She kissed me. Her lips melted to mine as she humped her pussy up and down my cock.

I gripped her ass, brushing her cottontail. The bimbo-bunny worked that delicious cunt up and down me, polishing my pole. She buffed off all that other bimbo's ass with that tight snatch. I groaned as she did that. She felt so good on me. The pressure grew and grew in my nuts as she brought me to the brink of cumming.

That sweet pussy massaged the crown of my cock. Her tongue danced with mine. She kissed me with such force. She swirled her tongue around in my mouth. I loved how she kissed me with that hot mouth. How she made love to me. It was a passionate moment. Her pussy clamped down hard on me.

She broke the kiss and gasped, Pussy breedying!

Her cunt went wild.

Fuck! I groaned and erupted into her cunt.

I filled her pussy up with my jizz. I splashed my spunk against her womb, breeding her. I knew I was knocking her up like I had the other bimbo-bunnies. At least, the ones who got my cum in their cunts.

Spurt after spurt fired into her. The dizzying pleasure swept through me. Stars flashed across my eyes. I groaned at the heat rushing through me. It was an incredible rush to have all this spunk gushing through me. It was fantastic. I loved who amazing it was. Just how fantastic it was to have all this pleasure rushing through me.

Pussy breedying! she cooed.

Damn straight! I snarled.

My nuts unloaded over and over into her fertile cunt. I filled the bimbo-bunny up with all my spunk. I felt incredible doing that. Just fantastic. All the pleasure rushed through me. The dizzying heat danced over my thoughts. 

I gripped her ass as I dumped the last of my cum into her pussy. I filled her to the brim with all the spunk that I had. It was an awesome moment. I loved it so much. I loved it as the dizzying heat rushed through me. I groaned as her pussy spasmed around me while I savored the heat.

Pussy breedying is the besty best! the bunny girl squealed before rising off me and hopping away. I panted, watching her bound through the orgy, jumping over bunny girls eating pussies or fucking each other with carrots. The best!

I smiled and forced myself to stand. There was a cutie that had to be fucked in the pussy. She was fucking another bimbo-bunny with a carrot. I moved it up behind her and lined up my cock. I panted, feeling lightheaded. 

I needed more breast milk, but...

I had bimbo-bunnies to breed. Fuck, would I make it?

I thrust into her cunt, hoping to find out. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Anni the Bimbo Warrior

We had walkied and walkied and walkied all longy day. 

That was when we came to a thicky bush. Bitch growled at it. The bush was so thicky and high. I stared at it with the others. The sun was all settying. It was growing all darky in the world, and Master was still missing.

Master! I shouted and stamped my foot in frustryness! I was all frustratey. Master, come out! We wanna fucky!

Yay, stop fuckying all those bunny girly girls and fucky us! Cally gasped.

What? I asked

I can hear him groaning and gasping and fucking all those bunny girlies! She pointed at the bush. They're on the othery side. Can't you hear him?

Master! I whipped out my swordy and squealed, slashing at it.

Twigs and leaves and bits of planty plants went all a flying about me. I cutty a hole right through it and darted through to find all these bunny girly girls just humping each other and fuckying each oth

er and eating carrots out of each other's pussies with their cutie cottonbally tails all quivering. 
There's Master! Cally said, pointing to a distant blur of shapes all movying together. He's fuckying all those bunny girly girls!

Master! I cried and ran forward.

Intrudery girls! gasped a bunny girl ripping a strappy-on out of another bunny girl's pussy. She pointed at me, her floppy ears all floppying about. Get them!

They can breedy us! another squealed as the bunny girls hoped at us.

Master! I cried out as they surged at me. At all of us. There were so many cuties, their boobies all bouncying. I hardly raised my sword before they were on me. Then I was slapped down by hottie cunt on my face.

I hit the ground as the bunny girly girls were all over me. They were lickying my pussy and suckying on my nipples and I was feastying on that cunny grindying all sweetie on my lips. I lickeyed at her.

No, no, wait. Master! I tried to get up, but the bunny ninny girls were on me. I have to find Master and fucky him. Master!

Just breedy me! the bunny girl riding my face gasped. She ground her sweetie pussy on my lips. Now, you humany slut! You're ours now!

I'm Masters! I cried. We're Master's bimboy-whores! Let him fucky us now!

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Mark Johnson

The world spun around me as the bimbo-bunny worked her cunt up and down my cock. She plunged down my dick and squeezed her pussy around me. She worked back up me. I groaned at the feel of her on me. My head pounded.

I licked my parched lips. I had pumped my cum into so many bimbo-bunnies' cunts. I had flooded them with my jizz thirty or forty times. Pussies. Assholes. Mouths. My dick ached from the hot twats working up and down me.

Cummies! the bimbo-bunny moaned, her white ears flopping. She grinned at me. I lovey your biggie dick. Yay!

She plunged down my cock. Her pussy went wild around me.

Fuck! I groaned, my nuts responding. A wave of dizziness rushed over me. I erupted into her pussy. I pumped blast after blast of my cum into her pussy. Her cunt suckled at me. Breast milk!

Cummies! the bimbo-bunny howled.

I spurted over and over again, the pleasure slamming through my mind. It felt so good for one amazing moment. I loved it all so much. I savored all that bliss sweeping through me. It was just amazing having it rushing through me. 

Just wondrous.

Yes, I groaned. That's good, but I need something to eat. I need breast milk.

Cummies! squealed another bimbo-bunny. My turny turn!

Okey-dokey! the one on my cock hopped off as another jumped on and plunged her cunt down my dick. 

I groaned. I didn't have the strength to get up. I didn't have the strength to do anything. The sun was setting. I had been fucking for hours and hours. My eyes closed. My heart pounded in my chest. I licked my parched lips as another hot cunt slid down my sore dick.

I just had to give up. To close my eyes and let oblivion take me.

Master! 

I knew that voice.

Master! Master! Helpy us!

It was Anni.

Mastery! Mastery Sir! I need your pee-pee!

Cally.

Just let me fucky your cock with my hugey titties, Master! But these naughty bunny girly girls are
Erotha's words cut off.

Master! squealed Mint. I wanna licky you, not pussy! You!

My bimbos had found me? They were here, in this madness. My eyes opened.

To be continued...
