The Trailer Park: The Fifth Year: Part 2: Music and Lyrics
A Story in the Wynter/Trailer Park Universe
by Wizard
Copyright© 2008 by Wizard

Chapter 1

"Do you want the good news or the bad news?"

I finished twisting my combination and opened my locker before looking at Ricky. "Christmas vacation just ended. I haven't been back in school three minutes yet. There can't be bad news."

"Winter break," Robbie corrected. Tami and I had driven her to school. Her little Honda, Rodrigo, was getting a tune up.

Ricky just smiled.

"Okay, I'll play," I said reluctantly. "What's the good news?"

"Schedule's out for baseball," Ricky said holding up a piece of paper.

"And the bad?" Robbie prompted.

"Schedule's out for baseball." He handed the paper to me.

I looked down at it, Tami and Robbie reading it over my arms. We had a tournament over spring break in Coeur d'Alene. Then a couple more pre-season games, one in Seattle, the other in Vancouver. Then...

"Lake." I looked up at Ricky, and he nodded.

"Dad says Rich is still officially the football coach at Lake. So are we going to have our short stop and second base?"

I looked at Robbie. She shrugged. "We haven't even made the team yet. Try-outs aren't till February."

Ricky shook his head. "You two made it as freshmen and sophomores. You ain't getting beat out now. Hell, last year you were barely talking to each other and still turned more double plays than anybody else in the state."

Tinkers to Evers to Chance had nothing on Sims to Tate to Calloway. Chicago Cubs eat your heart out.

"I'm surprised Lake hasn't dumped him yet," Tami said.

"Dad says that Mr. Reed told him that people keep bringing it up at the school board meetings, but the board keeps tabling it for later discussion. Mr. Reed thinks they're hoping the whole mess will go away."

"Can we worry about this next week? Some of us have a gymnastics team to whip into shape."

"He just likes checking out little girls in leotards," Robbie whispered loudly.

"That's 'cause the high school doesn't have a team so he can check out big girls in leotards," Tami added.

I cocked my head and gave her my best 'et tu?' look as I closed my locker and the bell rang.

"So what do you think?"

Tami and I were headed for journalism. Normally we had it second period, but with the short three-day week, the journalism staff needed to get a jump if we were going to have a paper on Friday.

Tami stopped on the stairs, cocked her head, and looked at the ceiling for several seconds. "Eighty-seven."

"Darn. I was hoping for ninety by the start of school."

Tami grinned and shrugged. "I calls 'em as I sees 'em."

I doffed an imaginary hat and bowed with several flourishes. "I bow to your insight."

Tami giggled, then continued down the stairs. "As well you should."

I followed her. We'd been rating Robbie's recovery. We figured she was about fifty percent her old self the night of the Winter Concert, and she'd been improving bit by bit ever since.

Darlene was waiting outside the journalism room. "I've decided. I'm going to go for it."

"Go for what?" Tami asked.

"I'm going to emancipate."

I knew that Christmas had been hard for her. Her mom had wanted her to be home with her family, but Darlene remembered Thanksgiving and celebrated with Robbie and her dad instead. She'd had one call from her step-dad—one that I knew about anyway. He'd accused her of ruining the holidays for her mom and sisters. Robbie said she'd cried for hours.

Warning bells. Loud ones. "I'm not sure that's a good idea."

"Why?" Darlene seemed surprised. "You're the one who suggested it."

"It was Robbie actually."

"So?"

"So we've got a status quo. I'm not sure we should mess with that."

Now it was Tami's turn to look surprised. "What happened to Viva le Revolution?"

"That was last year. I've matured."

The snorting sound Tami made suggested less than total agreement. "Here's the thing," I said, laying both hands on Darlene's shoulders and looking into her eyes. "We've got a status quo. You're out of the house and out of his reach. If you go for emancipation, we could lose and some idiot judge might order you back into Steve's house. Then Robbie's dad could get some headaches over harboring you if you don't go."

"I thought you said I had a good chance. Or was that Robbie too."

"Robbie said it, but I agreed. And I still think you have a good chance. But it's still a chance. You never know about judges. It seems that logic and law don't have a lot to do with each other."

"Oh."

"But if Steve tries to force her back?" Tami asked.

"Then we go all out for emancipation. We even investigate the judge and blackmail him if we have too."

"What about bribery?"

"Blackmail's cheaper."

Darlene looked thoughtful as she headed up the stairs to her first period class. I'm not sure I convinced her. It's tough when you have a hard decision to make, finally make it, then get it shot down.

I watched her go, then walked past the journalism room to the empty classroom beside it. I went in and sat down at the table.

Tami followed me. "What?"

"I can't do this anymore," I sighed. Tami cocked her head and waited. "I am so tired of problems. Other people's problems."

Tami crossed the room and settled on my lap. She looked thoughtful. "So stop."

"Stop?"

"Don't care. When someone tells you their problem, tell them to deal with it."

"But... ?"

"The world will keep turning without you. Allie would have survived her F. She isn't going to be a math or science major, anyway. Darlene might not be happy, but she'd survive at home. And Robbie, well, Robbie would have got over it. Sooner or later."

I stared.

"She's the problem you know. Robbie, not Darlene."

I opened my mouth but nothing came out.

"Robbie was a rock. She was a constant in your universe. When she crumbled, so did you a little bit."

After a long moment I nodded. Tami was right. Robbie bothered me more than I wanted to admit, even to myself. "How'd you get so smart?"

"I read while my boyfriend's at football practice."

Bobbi Bradley was waiting for me as Tami and I came out of the middle school gym. She and her sister Billie had been watching the gymnastics team practice. Robbie had said something about Billie wanting to try out for the team next year, and I made a mental note to see if I could swing a scholarship for her at the club. I knew her family was doing better financially, but every little bit helps.

"Tony, can I talk to you?" Bobbi asked quietly. Tami squeezed my hand as I nodded, hoping that Bobbi was about to hit me up for a scholarship. "Alone," she added.

Tami squeezed again, then let go of my hand. "I never get to see you anymore," she said to Billie, leading her toward my car.

I took a deep breath. Maybe all she wanted was scholarships for the twins too. "What can I do for you?"

Bobbi opened her mouth, then looked away as she shifted her weight from foot to foot.

"You know, my fourth favorite of all the Bradley girls, there's nothing you can say that will make me like you less."

"Fourth favorite?"

"Well, Billie's got bigger tits, and the twins are cuter."

"I guess I can live with that." Traci and Kelly came out of the gym. I flicked my eyes toward Tami and Billie, and they walked over to them. "I, uh, I don't want to be a virgin anymore," Bobbi stammered.

Just when you think life can't throw you anymore surprises. I had no idea what to say to that. "I, um, okay."

"I've been going out with Josh Lee for a while. I think it's time."

If my sister has been telling the whole middle school that I'm their one-stop shop for rubbers, I was finally going to be an only child. "Has he been pressuring you?" I knew Josh. He was a friend of Peter's. Seemed like a good kid.

"No. Nothing like that. He's been cool. I just think it's time to take the next step."

"There's no rush. You're only a freshman."

"You and Tami were in seventh." Technically eighth, since it was in the summer. "And you and Robbie did it in eighth."

Has somebody written my biography and not told me?

"I think I'm ready," she declared.

"That's what's important," I agreed.

"I kinda wanted you to be the first," she mumbled.

"Excuse me!" From the corner of my eye I saw Tami and the girls look our way. "What did you say?" I asked a little softer.

"It's just that, well, Josh is a virgin. At least, I'm pretty sure he is. I thought the first time might be better with someone experienced. And Robbie said..."

"Never mind what Robbie said." I decided Robbie needed a spanking, even if she wasn't completely back to her old self. Come to think of it, spanking her now might be safer. "I don't think it would be a good idea."

Bobbi's face sagged. "You don't want to do it with me," she said with the quiet acceptance of someone facing years of therapy.

"Bobbi, of course I want to. You're beautiful. And your tits may not be as big as Billie's, but they're perkier, and to me that's more important. But I'm in love with Tami. I'm trying to be faithful to her."

"But you did all those girls on your trip," Bobbi blurted, then blushed. "I heard Robbie and Darlene talking about it."

Maybe Robbie wasn't the only one getting spanked. "That was different." Boy, was that different. "Besides, I haven't been with anyone else since we got back."

"You haven't? What about Robbie? The night we moved in."

"Well, according to one esteemed ex-president, oral sex doesn't count. Besides, that was a special circumstance. I was trying to take her mind off of killing me."

Bobbi grinned. "That was a mean trick."

I grinned back and nodded.

"You really don't want to do it with me?"

"You weren't listening. I really do want to do it with you, but I'm in love with Tami. I guess you've figured out that Tami and I have a weird kind of relationship, but right now I'm trying monogamy, 'cause even if she doesn't mind the other girls, I think it's what she deserves. Besides, your first time should be with someone special, someone you really care about."

"I know," she said softly. I was glad she was looking down at my feet and couldn't see me blush. "You know, all my sisters are in love with you. The only thing the twins argue about is which one's going to marry you."

"I..."

"Even my mom a little bit." Bobbi looked up at me, her head cocked to the side.

The lady in question chose that moment to pull her minivan into the parking lot and tap her horn. Bobbi leaned forward and quickly kissed me before skipping away. "Think about it," she yelled over her shoulder as she and her sister jumped in the back of the van. One of the twins was sitting in the front seat and waved.

"Believe it," I said under my breath.

As they drove off, I walked over to Tami and slipped my arm around her. I stood there for almost a minute, just feeling her nearness. "You know," I said finally. "Getting involved ain't such a bad thing."

Tami just grinned and pressed against me.


Chapter 2

"Shall we give him some space?"

Tami grinned. "We'd better. I've got delicate ears, and you're a teacher and might inhibit what he has to say." Tami kissed me on the cheek, then followed Miss Calloway and the bus driver off the bus.

I turned in my seat. Some of the new girls were standing in the aisle, but all of last year's crew were sitting quietly. "Settle!" I said sharply, standing and blocking the aisle. Nobody moved. "Now!" I said louder.

The girls took seats.

"Well, the first meet's over," I said after looking at them for several seconds. "And we lost again..."

I was going to add, 'but only by four-tenths of a point, and we were in it all the way, ' but I saw Cheyenne Morris mumble something to Marissa Ling sitting next to her.

I stopped and stared at her. "I didn't catch that."

Cheyenne blushed but returned my stare. "I said," she said after several seconds, "we could have won if you'd let me go all-around."

I nodded. "You're probably right."

She looked surprised.

"You had a great meet. But I and your other coaches decided to compete you in only two events, and that's that."

"But I am so much better than Kelly and Abbie." Three and five seats behind her I saw the two girls go red.

"Could be. But I chose Kelly to go all-around 'cause I knew I could depend on her. She always turns in a good performance." Kelly beamed. "Except maybe when she has a cold," I said to remind her of a meet last year. "And I..." I emphasized the "I " as hard as I could, "wanted to see how Abbie would do."

"And we all know how good that was," Cheyenne said sarcastically. Abbie looked ready to cry. She had not had a great meet, scoring only a thirty point four compared to Kelly's thirty-five point three.

"Traci, would you and Abbie go in and remind Miss Calloway to try and get one big table?" Traci nodded, understanding I wanted the seventh grader off the bus. She took Abbie's hand and led her past me and out the door.

I strode down the aisle until I was standing next to Cheyenne, towering over her. "If you ever trash another girl's performance like that again, don't bother coming back."

Cheyenne stared defiantly up at me.

I turned and moved back to my original spot. "And that goes for the club team too."

"You can't..."

I spun and stared at her again. "Try me." I don't know if she believed me, but her face lost most of its color.

I looked around at all the young faces staring at me. "I want you to remember something. Last year, it was easy. We usually didn't even have enough girls on each event and had to enforce a draft. That's how Traci wound up doing bars and vault. She didn't volunteer; I pushed her."

"But this year, we have extra girls on every event so we have to choose. When Tami, Stephy, Miss Calloway, and I got together last night, we were trying to put together the best team. Not just to win, which we almost did, but to help all of you develop. Sometimes we may get it right, or sometimes we'll get it wrong. But we are the coaches and it's our decision. Does anyone besides Cheyenne have a problem with that?"

Cheyenne glared, but the other girls all shook their heads.

"Your job as gymnasts is to practice real hard and make our choices real difficult. And to support each other in practice," I again focused on Cheyenne, "and in the meets. If someone does good, pat her on the back. If she blows it, give her a hug and let her know it's all right."

"If you think you're not getting the meet time you deserve, you can come and talk to any of your coaches, or all of us." I was still looking straight at Cheyenne. "As long as your complaint is about your performance and not one of your teammates."

I looked around the group again. "If it's a team problem, have your captain, Kelly, come to us."

"Your pet," Cheyenne mumbled.

"I didn't catch that," I prompted.

"I said she's your favorite."

Kelly blushed, and I smiled at her. "She sure is. Because there's nobody on this team who works harder, and nobody who supports her teammates better."

"Is that why you took her to a dance last year? I heard all about it."

"No. I took her because she was beautiful. You should have seen her."

"And made her captain."

"Nope, that one you can't blame on me. The team voted her captain. In fact only two other girls got votes." Cheyenne had the grace to blush since she'd been the only one to vote for herself. Kelly had voted for Traci--I recognized the handwriting--but everyone else picked my favorite munchkin.

"But you..."

"Enough!" I interrupted. "Cheyenne, if you want to continue this, I'll be happy to talk to you tomorrow. Or you can talk to Miss Calloway if you think I'm not being fair. Everybody else, what I was meaning to say was that you may have lost, but everybody worked hard, and we were neck and neck right down to the wire." I stepped back between two seats. "Now you better get something to eat before they close this joint."

Kelly was the first one up, and as she got to me she gave me a quick hug. 'Great, ' I thought, 'that'll help my reputation for favoritism.'

But then Susie Calloway gave me a hug too. Then Brianna Lane. One by one, all the girls gave me a hug as they passed.

All except Cheyenne who just glared as she walked past.

Alone on the bus, I sat back and shook my head. And I want to do this for a living. I must be nuts. I wondered if her parents would mind if Cheyenne didn't come home. I'd heard she had a little sister who was really nice. They'd be better off.

I got up and went in to see if there was any pizza left for me.


Chapter 3

"Are you ready to party?"

Several hundred voices answered Tami, though I didn't have a clue what they said.

"Just a couple things before we start. This concert is sponsored by the Junior Class Prom Committee. We're planning to raise more money for the prom this year than ever before."

Cheers. Mostly from the students, but some of the grown-ups joined in.

"You may know that last year, we had one of the best proms ever, and it didn't cost hardly anything. We figure if we can raise lots of money, and then pull off another cheap prom, then the organizing committee can have their final meeting in Jamaica."

A few boos. "And just who might be on the committee," Ricky Calloway yelled from the audience.

"Well, Tony Sims, and Robbie Tate." Tami turned to walk off the stage, then turned back to the audience. "And me."

"You better spend the money on the prom," someone yelled. "Jamaica would never survive."

"Sending Tony and Monster Girl is probably an act of war," someone else added.

It went downhill from there.

Traci was singing Stupid Cupid, a song that Mandy Moore did for a movie I couldn't remember off the top of my head, though I thought Connie Francis did it better back in the fifties. And Jordon McCoy on American Juniors beat them both. With Traci, all three of them had competition.

I was looking out the wings at the audience and mentally counting the cash. At three dollars a head for students and five for adults, the Back-to-School concert was racking it in for the Junior Class Prom Committee. I figured a thousand bucks easy, not counting concessions.

One of Robbie's better ideas.

Chad Davis started out. He'd turned the song's original eight-bar opening into a guitar solo that lasted about a minute-and-a-half. Not that he was the center of attention. On the partially darkened stage, I brought out a stool and set it in the center. Then Robbie walked out slowly and sat down. As Chad was finishing, a single light blue spot lit her face.

"Look at what's happening to me,
I can't believe it myself.
Suddenly I'm up on top of the world,
It should have been somebody else."

Additional spots lit Chad along with Sally and Toby Reyes, while Robbie's spot widened to take in her whole body.

"Believe it or not, I'm walking on air.
I never thought I could feel so free.
Flying away on a wing and a prayer.
Who could it be?
Believe it or not it's just me."

Robbie got off her stool, walked to the edge and sat down, her feet dangling. The spot followed her.

"It's like the light of a new day,
It hit me from out of the blue.
Breaking me out of the spell I was in,
Making all of my wishes come true."

I wondered if any of the kids out there knew this was the theme from a forgettable super-hero show from the seventies.

"Believe it or not, I'm walking on air.
I never thought I could feel so free.
Flying away on a wing and a prayer.
Who could it be?
Believe it or not it's just me.

This is too good to be true,
Look at me, falling for you."

Was it my imagination or did Robbie glace my way as she sang that?

Then Traci walked out by the stool and cut loose on her sax for almost a minute. Sometimes I couldn't believe just how good the brat could be.

"Believe it or not, I'm walking on air.
I never thought I could feel so free.
Flying away on a wing and a prayer.
Who could it be?
Believe it or not it's just me."

Robbie sat there as Chad and the Reyes brought the music to an end. The applause was deafening. Robbie grinned and waved at the audience, then the spots died and she disappeared into the darkness.

"For some reason, Tami thought this would be a good song for me. Personally, I don't get it," I said standing in the middle of the stage.

Chad started strumming his guitar, making it sound more twangy than usual. After all, this song was supposed to have a sort of shit-kicker feel to it.

"Oh Lord, it's hard to be humble,
When you're perfect in every way."

The audience laughed.

I turned to Chad and waved my arms for him to stop, then turned back to the audience. I tried to look stern. "That's not the funny part. You're not supposed to laugh yet. Now, let's try it again.

Chad started on his guitar again.

"Oh Lord, it's hard to be humble,
When you're perfect in every way."
I can't wait to look in the mirror,
Cuz I get better looking every day."

The audience laughed again. I gave them my best scowl, but kept singing.

"To know me is to love me,
I must be a hell of a man.
Oh Lord, it's hard to be humble,
But I'm doing the best that I can.

I used to have a girlfriend,
But I guess she just couldn't compete,
With all of these love-starved women,
Who keep clamoring at my feet.

Well I'll probably find me another,
But I guess they're all in awe of me.
Who cares, I never get lonesome,
'Cause I treasure my own company."

More laughter, go figure.

"Oh Lord it's hard to be humble,
When you're perfect in every way.
I can't wait to look in the mirror,
I get better looking each day.

To know me is to love me,
I must be a hell of a man.
Oh Lord it's hard to be humble,
But I'm doing the best that I can.

I guess you can say I'm a loner,
A cowboy outlaw tough and proud.
Well I could have lots of friends if I wanted
But then I wouldn't stand out from the crowd."

I couldn't help grinning as the audience laughed again.

"Some folks say that I'm egotistical.
Hell, I don't even know what that means.
I guess it has something to do with the
Way that I fill out my skin tight blue jeans."

I turned and wiggled my butt at the audience before starting the chorus.

"Oh Lord it's hard to be humble
When you're perfect in every way.
I can't wait to look in the mirror
Cuz I get better looking each day.

To know me is to love me.
I must be a hell of a man.
Oh Lord it's hard to be humble
But I'm doing the best that we can."

Tami had written a last verse just for me to the Mac Davis standard.

"I also have a fast sports car,
You can't drive it, don't bother to ask,
And if you're into to academics,
Beat Robbie for head of the class.

I used to play some football,
In front of huge screaming crowds.
But it always gave me a headache,
'Cause the cheering, it got way too loud."

Somebody yelled, "Go Rebels!"

"Oh Lord it's hard to be humble
When you're perfect in every way.
I can't wait to look in the mirror
Cuz I get better looking each day.

To know me is to love me
I must be a hell of a man.
Oh Lord it's hard to be humble
But I'm doing the best that I can."

Most of the auditorium was singing along by the time I got to the last line.

"I still don't know why Tami thought that was a perfect song for me. Or why you kept laughing. But the prom committee hopes you had a good time. Good night and drive safe."


Chapter 4

"You're kidding, right?"

I grinned and kept packing the back of Mom's mini-van.

Tami looked up and surveyed the dark grey sky. "It's not that I don't want to, it's just..."

I shoved in the last bundle and closed the rear door before it could fall back out. I grabbed Tami and pulled her into a tight embrace, pressing my mouth down against hers. "Tami, my love," I said a minute later, "do you want to stay home?"

"No. But..." she looked back up at the sky. "This is all a cover and you have us booked into a hot tub suite at a Holiday Inn," she whispered hopefully.

I kissed her on the nose, then turned her loose. "Oh ye of little faith."

"I have faith. It's just..." she looked up at the sky a third time, and a large drop of water splashed against her forehead.

I grinned, scooped her into my arms, and carried her to the open passenger door of the van. I placed her on the seat, then fastened a seat belt around her. I kissed her forehead where the raindrop had landed. "It's not even eight yet. Go to sleep, and everything will be better when you wake up."

Tami looked skeptical, but smiled. I closed her door and walked around to the other side. As I got in behind the wheel, I saw Tami's eyelids already starting to droop.

By the time I got onto I-90 heading east, Tami was gone. I took a CD off the dashboard and slid it into the player. A few seconds later the van filled with music. The first song was Precious and Few by a group named Climax. The song was from the mid-seventies, and I loved it as soon as I heard. Robbie had put together a CD of songs she thought I might want to steal. This was definitely one.

"Wake up."

Tami's eyelids fluttered as she struggled to open them. Finally one opened halfway. "Where are we?"

"Beautiful Spokane, Washington. Home of the 1974 World's Fair."

Both of Tami's eyes opened. "Why?"

"Why not. You have somewhere better to be?"

"I thought..."

"Dangerous habit. Gets you into trouble most of the time. You might also notice the sky."

Tami looked up through the windshield at the bright blue sky. "The rain... ?"

"Is about eighty miles that-a-way," I said looking smug and flipping my thumb over my shoulder.

"I hate you."

"Sad but true. You have three choices. You can sit there and hate me, go back to sleep, or help me surprise Kelly."

"Kelly?"

I pointed at the building in front of us. A large colorful sign proclaimed TRIUMPH GYMNASTICS.

"So this is all about your favorite munchkin," Tami accused.

"Nope. Today is about you and me. This is just a side trip 'cause Kelly is bummed."

"Why's she bummed?"

"First meet of the year, for the club anyway, and her parents went to see Kenny. And her favorite coach is off doing something with his girlfriend who hates him."

Tami shook her head as she unfastened her seat belt and stretched. "Is there any trouble you can't talk yourself out of?"

I grinned and unfastened my own belt. "So far, no."

We got out, and I took Tami's hand as we walked across the parking lot. At the door I paid the admissions rather than try to explain I was a coach showing up late.

I spotted our group on beam, and Tami and I stepped over the rope separating the spectators from the competition, skirted the floor mat, and headed there. Kelly was just finishing her routine. She was holding a handstand like she was an alabaster statue. Then she snapped both feet down and stretched backward into a handspring, landing on the end of the beam and exploding upward into a full-twisting somi off the beam.

She landed, a big smile on her face telling me that the first part of the routine had been as good as the ending. Her arms shot skyward as her chest puffed out. She held her pose for a second, dropped her arms, turned to the two grey-hared women who were judging her, and repeated it.

"If you'd point your toes on that handstand, that might almost be a decent routine," I said from behind her.

Kelly spun, her face darkening but then breaking into a grin as she spotted me. "Tony! You came." She evaporated from the landing mat and reappeared in my arms. I wondered if she could teach me that trick. Might come in handy for tackling stray halfbacks.

"Would I miss my favorite munchkin's first meet?" Unfortunately, I didn't notice Cheyenne standing to the side until the words were out. I wondered if they'd come back to haunt me. Cheyenne tossed her head, then started putting chalk on the balls of her feet.

"I thought you were doing something with Tami."

I grinned and with all the flair I could muster indicated Tami. "Kelly, meet Tami. And we are doing something. We're watching your first meet."

Kelly muttered something I didn't catch but that rhymed with mole, and I didn't think she was calling me a furry rodent that dug up lawns.

"Kellyyyyy, do I need to spank?"

"You wouldn't dare. I'm at a meet."

I grinned and cocked my head. "You've known me how long?"

Kelly's face turned red for a second. "Sorry." Then she brightened. "Did you see my routine? I hit everything!"

"Just the end of it. But I saw something else."

"But I did point my toes. I did!"

"Of course you did," Tami said consolingly. "He's just being mean."

I grinned. "I meant I saw that." I pointed to where the judges were sitting. They'd handed a piece of paper to a ponytailed girl about nine, who shared it with another ponytail who was putting numbers on a portable scoreboard.

Kelly whirled. "Nine four five! that's my best beam ever."

"You deserved it," Tami said hugging the girl. "I saw more of your routine than he did. He was too busy checking out those two girls on floor in the purple leotards."

"I was scoping out the competition," I defended myself.

"You, my love, were wondering what it would be like with twins," Tami said without malice then quickly kissed me to confirm her tone. Several of the girls 'ah'ed. I shot them all dirty looks, which led to giggling.

"You know me so well my little jackalope."

"Jackalope?"

"Still working on the pet name thing."

Tami grinned. "Keep working."

"I thought you were kidding."

It was almost four when I pulled into Potholes State Park. I pulled up in front of the office and stopped the van. "Would I kid about camping with the most beautiful girl in the state?"

Tami looked stern. "Tony, you have a warped and weird sense of humor. You'd kid about anything."

"Too true," I admitted. "But not about this." I got out and went inside to register.

"Are you aware it's January?" she asked as I got back in a couple minutes later.

"Let's see. Christmas, New Year's, school started. Yep, January."

"Did you know that most people, at least in this hemisphere, consider January winter?"

"One," I said as I put the van in gear and started driving. "Most people are not in love with this year's Bothwell Award winner." Tami beamed, though we both knew they hadn't even announced the finalists yet. "And two, my sleeping bag is rated to minus five, and all the weathermen in the state have promised, on their firstborns, that this weekend will be clear with a high in the mid-fifties and a low several degrees above freezing."

Tami thought for a minute while I found our camping site.

"Okay, just one question."

"Shoot."

"What are you going to do with all those children if they're wrong?"

I laughed. And she says I have a weird sense of humor. "Sweatshops. It works for the Chinese."

"We have one small problem," I said as I unloaded the van into the tent I'd set up.

"What's that?"

"Only one sleeping bag."

"Really?"

"I could be a gentleman and let you have it, but it is mine after all."

"I suppose we could share," Tami suggested as if she'd just thought of it.

"I was never much on sharing."

"Anthony Marion Sims!" It always amazed me how she could sound like she was stomping her foot and not have to move a muscle. "Tonight, I'm climbing into that nice rated-for-five-below sleeping bag. If you're very nice, you can join me. If not you can sleep on the ground, the ground that your weathermen buddies say won't get colder than freezing.

"Yes ma'am," I said after considering and discarding several snappy retorts.

"Oh god, Oh god! I'm almost..."

"So how far back do you think Robbie is?" I gasped.

Tami froze in mid-thrust. "What?

I grinned. "Come on, you can't tell me you didn't have an inconvenient question lurking in the back of your brain just waiting for this moment."

"I ... I hate you," Tami said, collapsing against my chest. Then she kissed my nose. "No I don't."

"Then finish what you started."

Tami grinned, sat up, and started thrusting her hips against me again.

Tami and I lay together, just enjoying each other's closeness.

"Ninety-five percent." Tami said as I stared into the bottomless pools of her eyes. "That scene yesterday really helped."

"She did seem to enjoy it," I agreed.

Yesterday in school, Cody had been putting his moves on Carly Peterson when Robbie and I walked up.

"Hi Cody. Hi Carly," Robbie said perkily. "So what category are you?"

"Category?" Carly asked confused.

"Probably ballerina," I suggested. "I don't think he has one of those yet."

Carly still looked confused, so Robbie explained Cody's list while Cody stood, turning red and clenching and unclenching his fists.

"What the hell was that all about?" Cody snapped after Carly had walked away with a snap of her head that told me Cody needed a new candidate.

Robbie smiled sweetly. "Truth in advertising."

"So what about this week?" Tami asked as consciousness slipped away. "If we lose, will that set her back."

"I don't think so," I said, not sure the words were actually getting out my mouth. "She knows how subjective this part of the contest can be, will be. Maybe the judges don't like musicals, and we've lost before we've begun. Or maybe..." I have no idea what I'd been about to say as my brain shut down and I fell asleep in Tami's arms.

When I woke and opened my eyes, Tami was lying there watching me.

"Hi," I said.

"Hi, yourself. 'Bout time you woke up. One of us is horny."

"Only one of us?"

"You talk too much," she accused, reaching down and wrapping a warm hand around my morning erection.

"You're not the first to mention it."

"Oh, shut up." To enforce her directive she pressed her lips against mine, her tongue worming it's way into my mouth. If everyone woke up like this, there'd never be another war. Hell, even the Democrats and Republicans might play nice.

Tami rolled me onto my back and smoothly mounted me. "Insert rod-A into slot-B. Isn't that what you say all the sex stories you used to read were about?"

I grinned up at her. She was sitting up as much as the sleeping bag would allow. "The good ones were about how to get there, or what came after. The bad ones were how many different slot-B's could rod-A get into. I think the record was about eight in a three-page story."

"And your record is seven in three-and-a-half years?"

I counted as Tami moved against me. Tami and Robbie, of course. The girls, Mikee and Kelly. That's four. The cousins make six and Darlene is seven. With Allie, Tabby and Alana as near misses. "Seven," I confirmed.

"You're slacking," she half-accused, half-moaned.

I started to say I'd do better, then remembered I was going to be monogamous.

"So when ... oh, God ... when are you ... oh, I'm almost there ... when are you going to ... don't stop. Don't ever stop. I'm ... cumming!" She collapsed against my chest. My still-hard cock buried deep inside her. She grinned. "That was good."

"Glad I could help." I rolled her onto her side and slowly fucked her toward my own climax.

"So when are you going to pop her cherry?"

I froze, but my cock didn't, choosing that moment to erupt. "Whose?" I stammered.

"Bobbi's of course." Tami tried to look suspicious. "Why? How many cherries were you planning to pop this month?"

"Bobbi's? How? When?" I hate when I have trouble forming sentences. "I wasn't planning to pop any."

"What? She's not cute enough for you?"

I decided that even the Atypical Edition of A Guy's Manual for Relationships couldn't help me here. What do you say when the love of your life is mad 'cause you won't have sex with another girl?

"She's only a freshmen," I said, knowing it was lame before the words left my mouth.

"And Kelly's an eighth grader who was how old when..."

I sighed. "I know. But that's different."

Tami scooted backward in the sleeping bag and my spent cock slipped from her. She watched my face, and I knew she was waiting for me to explain why it was different.

If I said I was more mature or older and wiser, this was going to go downhill fast. "I'm trying to be a one-girl guy," I said finally.

"We've had this discussion before. I've never asked you to settle just for me."

I scooted up next to her, not for sex but for nearness. "Tami, my love, there's no settling involved." I kissed her nose, and she cuddled against me. "Who makes the best hamburgers in town?"

Tami seemed startled at the change in direction. "Wendy's. But I wish we had one of those Fatburgers like they had in Denver."

"So, tomorrow when we go home, if I take you to Wendy's instead of Micky-D's or BK, you're settling?"

"That's different. Wendy's is my favo..." her voice faded. A minute later she kissed my nose. "What's your favorite cereal?"

"Cocoa Krispies. You know that."

"So how come you have Sugar Smacks and Apple Jacks in your cupboard too?"

"Sometimes I like something diff,,, " now my voice faded. "You know, this argument could go in circles for a long time."

"This isn't an argument. This is an intellectual discussion. Naked. In a sleeping bag."

"More debates should be run this way." I leaned down and sucked her right tit into my mouth.

"If they were, there'd be penalty points for trying to distract your opponent that way."

"I'm distracting you?" I asked innocently, then went back to her tit.

"Oh, yes," she moaned. The rest of the debate became nonverbal as I sank into the sleeping bag and worked my way south.

"So what are you going to do?"

"About what?" I asked though I knew what she wanted. Tami glared at me while I continued to pack the van.

"About Bobbi."

I sat down on the ice chest and looked up at her. "How did you get involved in this, anyway?"

"She asked me," Tami said with a small giggle.

"She asked you?" I repeated

Tami nodded. "I guess she started thinking about this and talked to Robbie."

"Her first mistake."

Tami stuck her tongue before continuing. "They talked. Robbie wanted to make sure Bobbi was really ready. Then ... well, I'm not sure which one suggested your bod, but they decided you'd be a good first time."

I sighed. It was a hell of a compliment, but still...

"That day that you and your family did the brunch thing at the Holiday Inn, I was over at Robbie's, and Robbie conveniently disappeared and Bobbi asked me if it was okay."

I grinned. "Awkward?"

Tami grinned back. "I figured out what she wanted in a minute or two, but your mean streak must be rubbing off on me, 'cause I let her hem and haw almost twenty minutes to get it out. I mean, it's hard to just come out and say, 'Can I borrow your boyfriend to lose my virginity?'"

"Robbie could have done it."

Tami giggled. "If you and I hadn't had problems, she probably would have."

I nodded. "What mean streak?"

"I've seen the jokes you play on Traci."

"She's a sister. Doesn't count as mean."

Tami stuck her tongue out again.

"So you gave Bobbi your blessing?"

Tami nodded, then came over and sat across my legs. "You going to make a liar out of me?"

"I don't know," I said honestly. "I haven't been with anyone else since the road trip."

Tami giggled. "Resting up?"

"Monogamy," I said with a smile.

"I've never asked..."

"Tam, haven't you ever wanted, maybe in the back of your mind, us to be a more traditional couple?"

"Well..."

"So we try monogamy for a year or two."

"But all the girls..."

" ... will, I'm sad to say, get along fine without me. None of them have been nuns."

"But they like..."

I smiled. "Tell you what. If I go back to fooling around with my harem, would you like a shot at Ricky?"

"Ricky?"

"How 'bout Cody? Robbie's making it hard for him to get any. Maybe Peter?"

Tami giggled. "Think Traci will share?"

"You could tell her you have experience with Temple threesomes."

Tami turned bright red.

"But, I've never wanted to do it with anybody else."

"Okay, but when I say I don't want to do it with anybody else, you try to set me up to bust Bobbi's cherry."

"That's different. I mean, well, you have a history."

"So, I don't get a choice?"

"No. Yes. I mean ... I ... will you at least think about Bobbi? You'd be good for her."

I grinned. "Tami, this may surprise you, but a few teenaged girls have managed to lose their virginity without me."

"But I want it to be good for her."

"I do, too. I'll think about it." I gave her a little push, stood up, and put the ice chest in the back of the van.

"There is one more little thing," Tami said with a sly smile that told me I wasn't going to like it.

"What?" I closed the back of the van and surveyed our camp site for forgotten items.

Tami stepped forward and wrapped her arms around me. "Ashley."

"Ashley?"

"Ashley Burke. You kind of promised to be her first when she was ready."

I shook my head. "And you laugh when I say my life is complicated.

What are you grinning about?" I asked as I put the van in drive after checking out of the ranger station.

"I was just wondering if any of the weathermen around here have cute daughters."

"Why?"

"I was talking to the woman in the RV when you were inside. She said it hit twenty-six last night.

I glared at Tami for a second then maneuvered onto the road.

Maybe the secret of a good relationship was never talking. It just got you in trouble.


Chapter 5

"I could get used to this."

Robbie gave me a sideways glance. "You already are."

I grinned back at her as we took another bow.

It had been a hectic week.

Monday we had a morning assembly where Mr. Reed and the school wished us luck. Afterward, Leslie Villers kissed me, then told me she was counting on us to bring a second Prentiss Award back to the school. No pressure or anything.

We loaded into Mom's minivan, while I hoped she wasn't getting too used to my Mustang, and drove to the middle school where Kelly, Traci, and Suzie Calloway were just getting out of their own pep rally. Traci and Kelly squeezed in. Suzie was riding with her mom, and we headed out of town.

Just as I got to the interstate we passed Luke Reese and Ricky Calloway, who'd run our stage crew and now were driving the U-Haul with all our sets and props. Our musicians and all their equipment were coming tomorrow.

We got to Seattle and our hotel--The Prentiss Foundation had put us up in the Hilton, no less--and spent a mostly peaceful night. Mostly peaceful 'cause Mrs. Calloway, Suzie's mom, surprised at the lack of parental supervision, adopted the role of group mom. She was a nice lady and had some funny stories to tell, the funniest making Suzie turn bright red, but Tami and I wanted some privacy and alone time.

We also wanted to keep her ignorant of the sleeping arrangements which had Tami and me in one room while keeping me ignorant of the sleeping arrangements that had Peter and Traci in another.

Tuesday morning we saw our theater. This year's contest picked six regional finalists. Last year they'd had eight. The foundation had arranged for three theaters. Each group got three days for set-up and rehearsal. So there were performances on Thursday, Friday and Saturday, this week and next.

The order of the plays had been drawn randomly. We got number two, so we performed this Friday.

Anyway, early Tuesday morning we saw our theater, and I wondered if we should just pack up and go home. Save ourselves the embarrassment. Seattle has dozens of theaters, and we drew the Globe. After all the shots I'd taken at Shakespeare.

We spent the morning getting sets in place while Luke and Ricky learned about the Globe's lighting and sound systems. We managed to get one full rehearsal in before heading back to the hotel and its spa.

Wednesday was mostly bits and pieces. Our musicians were here, and we spent the day with them playing or us singing or talking while Robbie listened from various parts of the theater and Luke tried to adjust the finicky sound system to suit her.

Wednesday night was the big dinner: the honchos from the foundation, the judges, and the three groups of nervous teenagers for this week.

The judges were an interesting group. Seattle's deputy mayor and the state parks and recreation director represented the politicians. The military got two votes, one the base commander from Fort Lewis and the other the wing commander from McChord. I would have been more impressed if he'd flown F-15's or A-10's instead of C-17's, but I guess we all got to do what we got to do. Seattle's a sports town, so we got a rookie from the Supersonics and a front office weenie from the Mariners.

The arts, if you can call them that, were actually represented by three judges. A guy who'd made a successful career our of writing historical romances, though considering he always wrote in the first person as an embittered and imperiled girl, you had to wonder just how in touch with reality he was. A television actor whose claim to fame was having been in four successive series that lasted nine episodes between them. And, finally, a director who'd managed to lose a hundred million dollars on his last three films, but already had a contract for another one.

There was probably a message in there about the foundation's expectation for the contest, but I didn't even want to think about what it was.

Yesterday, we'd managed three complete run-throughs before heading to the Roxy theater for Vlad. The group from Vancouver had put together a stylish and spooky retelling of the Dracula story. It was good, but I figured we had them beat.

This morning had been fun. The sound system shorted out during our first dress rehearsal. Luke, Ricky, and Fred the stage manager finally got it back on line, and a spotlight bulb gave out. I was wondering if there was a veterinary store close by where I could pick up a supply of Ketamine. I figured if it could keep horses calm it might work for Robbie.

But Monster Girl fooled me. She started laughing. "If the gods want us to lose they're going to have to try harder than that," she said before looking down at the notes on her clipboard.

Tami smiled at me and mouthed, "Ninety-eight percent."

"One more bow?" I asked as the curtain closed in front of us.

"Why the hell not," Robbie agreed with a grin, then signaled Ricky to open the curtain again.

As the curtain opened we stepped forward in a line and bowed to our audience. It had been a good night. Probably our best performance so far. The applause was loud and it felt good.

"Ladies and gentlemen," I yelled, hoping the sound system was still on. It was. "David's mother ... Darlene Carter!" Darlene stepped forward and took a bow.

"Crystal, David's ex-girlfriend ... Kelly Temple!" Kelly took her bow. She'd had a small part. In fact I'd almost written the girlfriend out, except I didn't want to disappoint her.

"David's sister ... Suzie Calloway." I realized as she took her bow that we'd never given her a name.

"Zoe's doctor ... Tami Sharp!" I could see Tami's mom standing in front of her seat in the first row clapping so hard that I was sure she'd bruise her hands.

"Zoe's dad ... me!" Mom was standing next to Mrs. Sharp and for once hadn't forgotten the video camera.

"Zoe ... played by Traci Sims, whose only other claim to fame is being my sister. But I've decided to keep her on the payroll for another month." Most of that was drowned out by the thunderous applause as soon as I'd said Trace's name.

"David ... played by Peter Temple, whose only talent is thinking my sister's cute." Peter turned deep red while Traci practiced shooting laser beams from her eyeballs.

"And finally, Zoe's mom ... played by Robbie Tate." Someone yelled " Monster Girl " and the applause grew even louder. "Robbie also directed this menagerie we call a cast."

Robbie took a step forward and bowed, then stood again.

"It takes more than a bunch of so-called actors to make a play. We wouldn't have gotten very far without our stage crew, Luke Reese and Ricky Calloway." The guys came out, looking embarrassed, and Robbie gave them a hug.

I stepped over and pretended to whisper in Robbie's ear. She shrugged. Then Tami stepped up and whispered in her other ear.

"Do we have to?" Robbie whined

My turn to shrug. "It's in their contract.

"Ladies and gentlemen, we agreed to introduce the band if they got at least every other note right and I guess they did. The cutest keyboardist in the Pacific Northwest, Toby Reyes."

Toby did a refrain from Zoe's Song, then waved at the audience from the orchestra pit.

"The hottest drummer in the Western U.S." I shouted. "Toby's slammin' sister Sally!"

Sally did a thirty second drum riff before throwing both sticks in the air, catching them, and slamming them down on the cymbal.

"Andddd," Tami said with a twinkle in her eye, "according to our drummer, the best kisser on the North American continent, on guitar, Chad Davis."

Chad turned deep red but managed a refrain from Too Many Feelings, Traci's second song.

"Peoples, this is Unrehearsed." Robbie finished.

"We also got a big helping hand from two guys the theatrical union sent over to man the spotlights. They learned their cues in a couple of hours and were--excuse the pun--spot on. Guys, I didn't get your names, but we couldn't have done it without you."

The spotlights swirled around as the audience applauded. I wondered if we'd get in trouble with the union for that.

"And last, we owe special thanks to a man who's put up with a rowdy group of teenagers all week and has to do it all over again next week. The Globe's stage manager for sixteen years, Fred Thompson."

Fred came out of the wings looking startled. I had a feeling it was the first time he'd ever been on stage in front of an audience. Robbie gave him a big hug and held his hand as the two of them took a final bow.

For us, at least, it was all over.



