Jenny in Amsterdam
by JennyS74 ©

PART ONE 

Even when I was 18 I was fascinated by the amazing power and attention 
received by wearing a top with no bra. The first time it happened was 
quite a shock for me. 

We were camping in the mountains with the Terry family who had been 
friends for years, on the banks of a quiet river. The last time we had 
done this was 2 years prior, and in the intervening years I had changed 
from adolescent teenager, into teenager with considerably more shape to 
me. We all arrived pretty late after the long drive, and rushed about 
unloading cars full of tents and bags, removing bikes and canoes from roof 
racks, and generally making the camp comfortable for the next 5 days stay. 


I remember everyone was pretty tired, myself and younger sister, the two 
young Terry sons, as well as our two mums hit the tents early, but my Dad 
and Uncle Shaun, as I called him at the time, stayed up drinking beers, 
and generally catching up. I lay in my tent tossing and turning. I have 
always been the sort that struggles to sleep with any outside noise, or 
light sources. Needless to say an early night turned into a late one for 
me. Eventually my dad and Uncle Shaun headed to bed at midnight. 

The next morning my mom stuck her head in the tent to ask if I wanted to 
go canoeing. 

" Its 6am mom!"

"Fine. See you later. Uncle Shaun's still asleep".

My dad had a cast iron constitution and was up and in the canoe raring to 
go .I dosed off, but awoke an hour later with the sun streaming into the 
tent. I decided coffee was on the agenda. I threw on a little white lacy 
top with some denim shorts, and climbed out to a gloriously sunny, 
although still pretty chilly morning. 

The coffee pot was on the gas, and just needed a bit of heating up. 
Nothing like coffee when you're camping. I think I was sitting leaning 
forward on the log by the fire pit, letting the sun soak into my back. The 
sound of a tent zipper bought me back from my daydreams as Uncle Shaun 
emerged from his canvas cave. 

"Up for coffee?" I asked as he plonked himself on the log opposite me.

"You know it!" I got up and grabbed a mug, bent over and poured from the 
pot. "Milk and sugar?" I asked looking up. "Uurrmm, no milk one sugar", he 
stuttered looking away, but I had seen. I stayed were I was and added the 
sugar, stirring it in. I looked down at myself. The top I was wearing was 
sitting pretty low and with me bending over was showing a hell of a lot of 
cleavage and more. On top of that the fact that the cold air had my 
nipples standing out like bullets, and it was quite a lot to see. 

Even when I was that young I had really big nipples. When I get really 
turned on now days they stand out about 20 mm. 

I handed him his coffee and took my seat back on the log. I thought of 
putting my arm over my chest, but thought this would show I'd seen, and 
make it really embarrassing. Besides, as I sat there I actually quite 
liked the idea that my dad's friend, who must have been about 40 was 
staring at my tits. I'd had boys at school and on the beach checking me 
out, but this was different. This was making me quite excited. He drank 
his coffee in silence, and then said he thought he would go to the river 
for a swim. 

"I'll come with", I said. A sudden rush of excitement at the idea of 
teasing my dad's friend making me almost giddy. 

"Ummm, sure, I was going to go to the rocks." 

"Great, good for tanning. I'll get my stuff." 

Back in the tent I had two costumes. A full black one for swimming, 
canoeing and so on. And then a cream coloured, crocheted bikini, I bought 
for the beach. From the looks the guys at the beach gave me I new it was 
pretty damn sexy. So it had to be that one. I wrapped a towel around 
myself and met Uncle Shaun outside. 

We followed the 5-minute trail along the river to the rocks. We chatted as 
we always had and it was just like old Uncle Shaun, at least until we got 
to the rocks. To get to them you need to swim/wade to the other side 
holding your dry stuff above your head. We both had just a towel to keep 
dry and I made sure I was standing in front of him when I took mine off. I 
don't know if he expected a full costume, but to his credit he didn't seem 
to show too much attention. 

We waded into the river and god was the water cold. Even before we got 
waist deep I could feel my nipples growing. Only in the middle was it 
really deep enough to have to swim and that was only about 6 strokes. Then 
you waded out onto the rocks on the other side. Uncle Shaun was ahead of 
me and turned to help me onto the rocks, but his eyes were fixed lower 
than my face. The cold water had worked it's magic and so had the bikini. 
I acted as if I hadn't noticed him looking and put my towel down, and lay 
out in the sun on my back closing my eyes under my sunglasses to allow him 
time to look without fear of capture. I was probably hornier than I'd ever 
been. 

I remember earlier that year I'd been to a party, and had a joint and a 
few beers and got pretty horny from it. I ended up getting finger fucked 
by two different guys in the space of half an hour, but that was more to 
do with the beer and dope than being really horny. 

But this displaying myself to a much older guy was the most exciting thing 
I had done and I could feel it in between my legs. After allowing him time 
to look and with the sun undoing the cold waters good work I sat up and we 
chatted about this and that for a while. After an hour or so he said that 
the others would probably be back soon, and he was going to start brunch. 

"I think I'll stay and work on my tan". 

He said sure thing and started to wade across the river. As he got to the 
middle I reached behind my neck and undid the string holding the top up. " 
Shaun. Can you get my mum to keep me some stuff to eat." 

"Sure", he said turning around. I had my straps loose and was holding the 
top in place with my arm haphazardly over my boobs. I'd seen girls on the 
beach do this and knew it looked really sexy. He sure seemed to think so 
as he had staled in that position, before spinning and heading to the 
shore. 

It was the first time I had called him just Shaun and I remember knowing 
that it was a major change in the dynamics of our relationship. Almost a 
power shift. 

I lay back and pulled my top aside. I had only ever tanned topless with 
girlfriends at home in the garden, so this was adding to my sense of 
extreme horniness. That and the fact that the path back to the camp 
followed the river and I knew he would be able to watch me topless as he 
walked back. I closed my eyes and imagined him watching, maybe even 
stopping behind a tree to watch me. It was the best I could do to stop 
myself from rubbing my pussy through my bikini bottoms. 

I don't know if he did stop, but that night when we went to bed, my tent 
was quite close to Shaun and his wife, and at about 1am I heard them 
fucking. They were trying hard to be quite, Emily even throwing in the 
occasional "schhh", but at night in a still valley, the steady rhythm of 
them fucking was hard to hide. I lay there knowing full well he wasn't 
fucking Emily it was actually me he was fucking, out on the rocks. 

The rest of the holiday passed as others before. Relaxing, eating, 
drinking, laughing and more relaxing .The only difference was my few 
opportunities to tease Shaun when the chance arose. Coffee time in the 
morning was good, as I made it my job to serve coffee to everyone. I'd 
choose my morning tops carefully not to show my nipples through the 
material, but loose enough to show most of my tits if I bent over the 
right way. Of course Emily and my folks got served by the demure 
18-year-old daughter, and Shaun by the demure 18 year old, bending at the 
waist to add sugar. Slowly stirring it in as he sat on his now favourite 
log in front of me trying to not let on as to what he could see. 

I've often wondered if he thought I was being deliberate or just naive. 
I've got a feeling he knew I was doing it on purpose and by the way he 
fucked Emily every night of the stay I think he really enjoyed morning 
coffee. 

PART TWO I'm 29 now. As I've got older I've used the lesson of 'Uncle 
Shaun', in various walks of life. From the fun of girls nights out, to the 
serious business of job interviews. The right sort of top can make them 
all work better. 

This summer I went to Amsterdam with Mike, my husband. It was a four-day 
trip and he had scrutinized my packing. No bras allowed, and only small 
revealing tops, mainly in colour white, and a couple of really skimpy 
dresses and boots. 

The weather was good and with days spent sightseeing and visiting museums, 
and night out walking the town, going to bars and clubs, it was a busy 
four days. 

Our second night there I was in boots, denim skirt and a white halter neck 
top. Not massively revealing, but terribly see-through, made of a tight 
fitting material that offers absolutely no support. My tits aren't huge, 
but without a bra they bounce beautifully. We had a few beers at a bar on 
one of the canals, Mike sending me to the bar each time so he could watch 
the men's reaction as I walked past. The guys that looked tried to do so 
casually, but the barman made no attempt not to check me out, as he poured 
the beers. 

I stood there thinking how Shaun had to pretend not to look, and here was 
this barman of about 19 staring with no regard to my reaction. I didn't 
give a damn really, a young guy staring at your tits is a great feeling 
for a girl of nearly 30. 

It had got dark by about the 4th beer, and we wanted to walk Amsterdam's 
famous Red Light District. Being a Friday, it was really busy with all 
sorts of groups wandering the narrow streets and canals. Tour groups, 
backpackers, locals, and large groups of guys wandering in packs, from red 
window to red window. Some glancing sideways at the girls inside. Others 
stopping and egging on one of their group. Probably a groom to be, or soon 
to be 21year old, to try the wares. If you've never been to Amsterdam 
you'd be surprised by how hot some of the girls are. 

As we made our way out I was getting plenty of attention of my own with 
large groups of guys openly ogling me as we walked past, just as if I was 
one of the whores in the window that they could pay E50 to, for a suck and 
a fuck. All sense of subtleness evaporated , as we approached guys they 
would point and shake the shoulders of friends to watch me walk past. I 
made an effort to walk in such a way that my tits bounced, whilst looking 
straight at them with a smile on my lips. Mike was really enjoying the 
looks I was getting, and pointed out that the cold night air was making my 
nipples really start to stick out badly. 

We'd said that we would have to do a live sex show in Amsterdam so went to 
a place called Casa Rosso. Some of you might know it. E60 gets you in with 
your choice of 4 drinks. Full sex on stage. Stay as long as you like. It 
wasn't exactly what I expected. I thought it would be a dimly lit place 
with tables and chairs around a stage, but it's actually like a small 
cinema with a stage. There were actually a lot more girls in the audience 
than I expected. Probably almost a third. We were directed downstairs to 
the very front row. On stage a muscular guy was been given a blowjob by a 
hot blonde with obviously fake boobs. There was something terribly jaded 
about the performance, and not very erotic at all. 

Up until then I had been involved with the show, but as my attention 
started to drift, I noticed the young girl and guy on my right in the 2 
corner seats next to ours. I looked sideways and in the dim light noticed 
she had one leg up on the seat, and her skirt was gathered up on her 
thighs, while her boyfriend fingered her like mad. You could see she was 
really getting off on it. I lent over and got Mikes attention and then 
leant right back so he could see. By now her skirt was right up, and I 
realized that this is what she wanted. The fact that we had sat next to 
them, and not the sex on stage was the reason they were doing it so 
openly. With that I made no attempt to look casually, and openly watched 
him sticking his fingers in and out of her. 

It was almost surreal. Sitting in a comfy chair drinking Jack Daniels, 
while people are fucking like animals no more than 2 metres from you, and 
in the seat next to you is a girl, maybe 21 being fingered (actually 
almost fisted by now as he had is hole hand in her pussy) in full view of 
us. They carried on for almost 15 minutes before suddenly standing to 
leave. They had to squeeze past facing us to get out, and I made sure I 
looked her in the face as she moved past, never taking my eyes off her as 
I rubbed my nipples though my top for them, to see the effect they had had 
on me. She smiled, and he just looked straight at my nipples. The show 
itself rotated every hour and a half, and since our young friends had left 
it had lost its appeal so we finished our drinks and headed out. 

We headed back to the hotel, as I was desperate to get my brains fucked 
out. We left the TV and sidelight on, with the curtain open so anyone in 
the hotel across from ours could watch. It's was the best session we had 
had since I'd let a young barman first get off with me, and then given a 
blowjob to, in a hotel garden, in payment for a couple of bottles of 
expensive champagne to take with us to our room at the end of a drunken 
wedding a few years ago. 

The next day was museum day, and I wore black shorts and a little red 
button down top with no sleeves, that tied around my midriff. Great for 
places like museums where you're walking around and looking at art work, 
as from the side if I lifted my arm you can see the whole side of my tit 
and the edge of my nipple. I also only did two buttons on the front. I'd 
learnt from making coffee for Uncle Shaun that shirts like this look 
perfectly respectable until you position yourself in such a way as to show 
it all off. 

Plenty of men got to see as much as he did those mornings. I would see 
someone cute or with a girlfriend, and would lean in front of them to look 
at something, then turn to apologise, more often than not catching them 
looking down the side, or front of my top. Mike would walk behind and get 
hard, watching me using my exhibitionist skills. 

We had lunch at a canal side restaurant and Mike was really horny and 
wanted to know the plans for the evening. First, what I was going to wear, 
and second what we were going to do. 

The outfit was easy as it was the last night and I had saved the best till 
last. A white silk dress, black hold-up stockings and boots and a small 
black denim jacket. The dress was shortish, but not to bad, sort of mid 
thigh, but with almost no back, just 2 silk straps, and a front dropping 3 
inches below my boobs with a silk strap in the middle of my cleavage 
tightened with a silver clip. With the clip tight the dress was revealing. 
From the top and certain acute angles from the side with no help from me 
there was plenty to look at. If though the clip was looser suddenly it 
gapped considerably in the front to the point that at a certain point you 
may as well have been wearing a silk scarf around your neck. 

As regards what to do, it would be hard to beat the night before. I still 
had the young couple from the show in my head.

" How about we pretend we don't know each other. I'll walk about a bit and 
then go to a bar and see if I can get picked up and you can watch!" 

Mike had always been into watching. "Your serious?" 

"Sure, don't you want to?" 

"Off course if you don't mind. It'll make me super horny. How far will you 
go if you get picked up?" 

"We'll see. How far would you let me?" 

"Mmph. Probably if you wanted, let you fuck someone." 

"We'll see how it goes and who tries to pick me up. Don't know about the 
fucking bit though. So you pretend not to know me, and sit at a table near 
me and watch the show. Oh, and bring the camcorder to tape it for later!" 

After a few beers and food it was time to get ready. I was quite nervous. 
It was one thing to show off a bit, quite another to interact with the 
guys your being the exhibitionist for, especially in an outfit like that. 

We caught the tram to Leidse Plein, a tourist orientated area with lots of 
huge bars with outside tables. As we got off the tram I gave Mike no 
warning and headed off without a word. I turned to see him following, and 
began the show by undoing the jacket to reveal the plunging front of the 
dress to people passing in the other direction. The game had begun. 

I picked the first big bar, with quite a few free tables and more 
importantly lots of single guys at the occupied tables. I went into the 
bar first and while standing at the bar waiting to be served, Mike stood 
next to me and totally ignored me. It was a real turn on playing like 
this. As the barman came I leaned up on my tiptoes across the bar to make 
myself heard over the din (and of course to let the dress hang open for 
him.) Mike was loving it. I could see him in the mirror and he and the 
barman gave each other knowing smiles. He could now look at me like anyone 
else and not scare anyone off by being with me. He was just another guy 
enjoying my brazenness. 

I headed outside and chose a table with a few tables of single guys and 
older men around me. Wasn't sure what I was looking for, but I felt like a 
young inexperienced guy I could play with. Maybe 19 or 20. I sat down with 
the jacket on and looked around. Mike moved past me, and sat at the table 
next to mine, facing slightly away from me. Nothing like getting close to 
the action I thought, he'll even be able to hear what we say. He stuck the 
video on the table and pretended to be checking the tape as he faced it 
straight at me. Now all he had to do was use the remote when he needed to 
start taping. He then took out a guidebook and pretended to read, though I 
knew there was too much blood in his cock at that moment for his brain to 
recognise words. 

I decided that rather than wait to see who picked me up, I'd pick someone, 
make the first move, and that way get who I wanted. Sitting directly 
opposite me were 2 young guys and who weren't bad looking. I'd seen them 
looking at me and had smiled back. Tonight would be their lucky night. 

I leaned across the table towards them. "Excuse me do you have the time 
please?" 

"8.10" 

Dutch accents. "Really. I was supposed to meet someone here at 7.30. 
Thanks" 

Mike was sticking stoically to his guidebook. I had broken the ice and 
waited a few minutes before asking one of them for a cigarette. I don't 
really smoke, but it's great for this situation. He came around his table 
and offered me one. I took it and mad sure to lean forward as he lit it. I 
looked up to thank him and could see it wasn't just my smoke that had lit 
up. 

"I'm Jenny, do you want to join me. It looks like I've been stood up. All 
dressed up for nothing hey?" 

He smiled. "Sure. I'm Jacque and this is Stefan", as the other guy made 
his way around the table. The situation was perfect as they sat on the 
side facing the camera, and on top of it the bar had just lit the heaters 
under the umbrellas, which would give me the perfect opportunity to take 
off my jacket. 

Stefan offered another beer and I asked for a Grolsch. Jacque and I 
chatted and I found out they were students aged 19 and 20. Unbelievable. 
Exactly what I had in mind though I was thinking of one at 19, or one at 
20, not both. 

As Stefan returned I remarked how well the heaters worked and slid my 
jacket off. I could see them both taking the dress in. With the jacket on 
it's really sexy. Off, you realize just how little there is to it. I could 
tell they were more than happy to buy a few beers to get to sit with me. I 
crossed my legs and the next part of the outfit revealed itself as the 
silk dress slipped down my stocking to stop on the lacy tops. I paid no 
attention as Jacque looked down, and his eyes roamed up and down. I hoped 
Mike was getting all this on video. He had put the book down, and was 
drinking a beer, sitting slightly side on to be able to see what was 
happening without, looking straight at us. 



We drank another couple of beers and I took the opportunity to go to the 
bathroom. While there I thought I would loosen the clip a bit for them, 
but while doing it realized that if left unclipped it would slowly slip 
looser and looser as I moved. It was a bit risky, but then I could just 
claim it was broken if it got to loose and slide it back up again. I bet I 
could measure the distance it had moved by the bulges in their pants. As I 
got back I glanced down to see how far it had moved. Not to far, but 
defiantly a lot looser than when I left. I sat again and noticed another 
beer and a shot glass in my place. Trying to get me drunk, horny bastards. 
I sat and downed the shooter without a word. If they want to score it 
going to cost them a few drinks. 

We chatted a bit and another shooter, and beer later and I realized the 
boys were looking me up and down with less fear of me objecting. "I really 
like your dress Jenny", was Stefan's first actual comment about it and 
from there things really got hot. "Thanks. As you can might have seen this 
clips broken." 

"That's ok by us", they grinned at me. 

"I'm sure it is, with my tits hanging out for you to look at." I smiled 
and made a weak attempt to tighten the clip. 

By now the dress had also fallen way past the top of the stocking and was 
showing the very tops of my legs. I realized I was actually pretty drunk, 
and as horny as I was the night before. Mike was still sitting watching 
side on. I decided to really act like a slut for him. I told Stefan to get 
me a Jack Daniels, and went to the bathroom. I took of the white g-string 
I was wearing, and threw it in the bin and loosened the clip completely. 
Outside at the table, Stefan and Jacque stopped in mid-conversation as I 
returned. I leant over and grabbed a smoke letting the top hang right open 
for them. 

"Your dress looks real good now Jenny." 

"You like it hey! I thought seeing as you guys are buying the drinks, I'd 
supply the entertainment. So here I am. Help yourself; I'm really up for 
it. If you want to touch go ahead, both of you. You'll be interested to 
know I'm only wearing 5 pieces of clothing and that includes the stockings 
and boots. So you work it out." 

I couldn't believe I'd said it, but was glad I had once it was out. I 
hoped Mike had the video set up right. Next thing I felt a hand on my leg 
and Jacque was feeling my stocking tops. He looked up to see my reaction 
and I just picked up my JD. He took this as permission to carry on and 
slid his hand straight up my leg, taking the dress with him and straight 
between my legs. I keep my pussy shaved as I think it looks fucking sexy 
and Mike loves to muff me like that. The amazing thing was Jacque's 
fingers slid straight into me without stopping. I gasped and looked down 
and could see myself on display to anyone who looked at us. Stefan was 
staring as his friend fingered me in full view. 

Without warning I stood up, and I think they thought they had blown it, 
but I just wanted to get between the two of them. My nipples hurt they 
were so hard. 

"Move into that chair". 

He jumped up, and I sat with both legs up on the table rungs, so they 
could take turns to finger fuck me, and also so I was sitting in view of 
the camera. By now Mike was watching openly, but the boys just thought he 
was a tourist getting a free show. 

My top was now that that silk scarf. Jacque had his hand on my boob and 
was squeezing the nipple, which was huge. Stefan was taking his turn to 
finger me. I had my legs really spread with the skirt in my lap. He was 
looking down watching as he used 2 fingers on me. I had my glass of JD in 
my hand as if nothing was happening. 

"More. Stick 4 in Stefan". 

He looked at me and stuck 2 more in. 

"Use your whole hand! Go on thumb as well!" I'd never been so wet or 
horny, with Stefan grinding his hand into me, and me casually drinking my 
whiskey. I put it down, and started to get off with Jacque. I pulled away 
and suddenly wanted to better my 21-year exhibitionist at the sex club. 

"Why don't you try 4 fingers each!" There was no checking to see if it was 
ok. Jacque put his hand between my legs. I spread then a bit more and 
watched as they both worked 4 fingers each into me. 

"See if you can get your thumbs in!" 

I can't actually believe they could, but that's what they did. 2 guys. 2 
hands. Both buried up to the tops of their fingers. I was gushing wet at 
what was actually happening. They carried on taking turns with me. I 
continued to drink whiskey, and get off with them one after the other. I 
was now like one of the whores in the windows, except I only cost a few 
drinks. 

"Jacque. Pass my jacket!" Again I think he thought he wasn't going to get 
to fuck me. I slipped it on. 

"Lets go inside." We walked inside and I led them to a dark alcove with no 
one in it. From here we could do absolutely everything a paid whore would 
do, and that's exactly what I intended. I sat in the middle again. 

"I think we need another round of beer, and don't forget the shooters 
Jacque". 

He looked dumb-founded that I could want more to drink after what happened 
outside. 

"Another round?" 

"You don't expect me to fuck the pair of you for free do you?" 

He rushed off. Being in control having been learnt all that time ago with 
Shaun in the river. The look in his eye. Just like these two had, the 
moment they thought there was a possibility they might have me. 

Mike was standing in a corner watching me, with a mixture of lust, and 
jealousy. Well, he wanted me to fuck someone, and he was about to get his 
wish. Jacque returned. I was totally in control. 

"I'm going to fuck the pair of you in this alcove, but first I think you 
need to shoot your loads, other wise you aren't going to get near my pussy 
and you'll be coming." 

They had both lost their sense of bravado and were like schoolboys. I 
downed my shooter. 

"So I'll give you both a blowjob, you can come in my mouth ok? And then 
we'll get down to what you both really wanted from me in the beginning, as 
soon as you sat at the table. Who wants it first?" 

They had both lost the power of speech, so I slid under the table and 
pulled Stefan out. He was rock hard and was coming almost as soon as I put 
him in my mouth. It felt like gallons. 

I find come in my mouth really sexy and know for a fact that every guy I 
ever did wanted me to swallow his cum, and to fuck me in the arse. 

I switched quickly to Jacque, who was not as hard, and didn't come as 
quickly, or as much. Maybe he had fucked his 18-year-old girlfriend before 
coming out. I slid out from under the alcove, and up onto my seat. I 
grabbed my beer. 

"Right, now I'll fuck the two of you right here if you're up for it?" 

They nodded madly. As they seemed to have regained a bit of composure, I 
spread my legs and let then start feeling my pussy again. The inside of my 
thighs were completely soaked. Stefan brazenly pulled my top aside and 
started sucking my tit. The bar was really dark, but I'm sure the people 
close by could see, Mike sure could. Already tonight had gone further, and 
better than I could have ever hoped, and I was going to end it by fucking 
two guys in a bar full of people. 

Him sucking my nipple was incredible and I grabbed Jacque and forced his 
head onto the other. I'd never had both sucked at the same time, and I 
don't know if it was that or the situation, or the booze or all three, but 
I started coming and had to gag myself with my beer bottle to not scream 
out. 

I pushed them off and reached over to grab my jacket. For the third time I 
think they thought they were going to miss out on their fuck. I smiled and 
slipped the jacket on. Then stood up and pushed Jacque's chair back, 
pulled his cock out and sat on him lap dancing style. Now from the back I 
just looked like a girl on her boyfriends lap. 

I reached up and like the bikini top pulled the halter over my head. Now 
he could suck to his hearts content. I could feel his cock hardening and 
with my sopping wet pussy it took the slightest hip adjustment to slide it 
in. I slowly rotated my hips grinding his cock into me. I could see by his 
eyes that it wouldn't be long before my pussy had more reason to be wet. I 
increased my tempo. Thrusting back and forth, my tits bouncing in front of 
his face. 

"Are you about to come?" 

"Uuhuh!" he managed with his head back. I ground faster still and picking 
up my beer drank as he came. 

There's something terribly sluttish about fucking a guy like that and 
having him come in you as you drink a beer. I put my tongue in his mouth 
and French kissed him. I pulled back. 

"Good?" 

"Unbelievable!" 

"Glad you liked it. Now it's your friends turn." I slid off him and 
straddled Stefan who had his cock out ready. There was no need to adjust 
my hips for him, as he was rock hard again. I stood over him and with one 
plunge impaled him into me. I wanted to take a bit longer with Stefan as I 
actually found him quite hot. I started rotating my hips, and pushing him 
onto my nipple. Jacque was watching my hips thrusting around and I could 
see he wished he hadn't come so quickly. 

"Tell me when you're about to come ok!"' I picked up the pace and soon 
could see the look of a guy on the verge. 

"Ready?" 

"Nearly!" 

I stopped and squeezed his cock with my pussy to stop him coming. He 
opened his eyes in disbelief at how I'd down that. I waited a few seconds, 
and started grinding away again, drinking my beer like the complete slut I 
was. I stopped two more times, squeezing him. On the third time. I stood 
up and slowly lowered myself down again. His eyes widened as he realized 
what I had done. 

"Ever done it like this before? No? It's good. It's going to be the best 
cum you've ever had. Trust me!" 

So far I'd done pretty much everything the whores down the road did, 
except that other thing that guys love. I girl that will take it up the 
arse. There is probably nothing more sluttish, and that was my objective 
tonight. To be honest I actually quite enjoy it like that, and so would 
Stefan by the time I finished. 

I stuck my tongue in his mouth and really started to hump back and forth, 
faster and faster. I could tell he was close. 

"Now Stefan shoot your load in your sluts arse. Shoot it all." 

His eyes started to close, and I took his hand and made him squeeze my 
clit as he came, just to get me even tighter for him. It was without doubt 
the most erotic thing I've ever done. 

"So was it as good as I said?" 

"You are fucking incredible!" 

"Thanks. Now I need to go I've got a husband who need his balls emptied", 
pointing to the lucky tourist in the corner. 

"Thanks for the drinks guys." 

Mike took me back to the hotel, and wouldn't let me change. I said I was 
still full of cum, but he said he always wanted to fuck me after someone 
else had shot a load in my pussy. The fact that I had a load up my arse 
made it even better. We stayed up the whole night fucking and watching the 
video of me falling out of my dress, been fingered, and acting like a 
little whore. 

