Wearing a towel in school
by Nigma

Part 1:

Sarah was 15. She had a nice body with some slight fat and C cup breasts. She was in her science lesson mixing chemicals. with her lab partner Jeremy. Someone tripped and knocked all of the chemicals over her.
"Quickly, run to the locker room and wash all of that off now" Yelled her science teacher
She sprinted to the locker room, ripped off her clothes and washed as quickly as she could. Her teacher came into the room with a bag.
"Ok now, so as you're aware these chemicals are dangerous so I'm afraid we're going to have to dispose of these"
She grabbed all the clothes and threw them into the bag
"What am I going to wear?"
"I had a look in lost property for some spare clothes, all I could find was this towel I'm afraid" Her teacher said, holding up a small towel
"Can I call my mum and get some more"
"I'm afraid not" Her teacher said holding up the broken remains of her phone covered in chemicals
"Can I go home"
"If you do then you'll be marked as absent and won't be able to have the towel"
"So it's either run home naked or wear the towel in class"
"I'm afraid so"
She took the towel and wrapped it round herself. It covered her but stopped above her knees and showed some cleavage . She walked back to her lesson and the whole class ghasped as they saw her. It didn't take long for photos to be taken and people to figure out that she was naked under it as she clutched it tight.
She had to sit through her lesson and try to make sure the towel didn't unravel. The lesson ended so she left and entered the crowded hallway which all stopped when they saw her. She held on tight to her towel as she felt people gently tugging it to make it fall. She moved quickly to her next lesson without it falling but it would be tough to do it all day


Part 2:

Sarah walked into her classroom and took her sear after explaining to the teacher what happened. It didnt take long for the news about her current state to spread as people crowded outside the door to see if it was true. Eventually the class all sat down and the lesson started. It went pretty standard apart from the girl in the towel. People kept staring at her and whispering as she tried to work. She tried to keep an eye on the towel to make sure it stayed in place. It untied itself and tried to drop once but caught it before her breast was exposed . The class erupted into laughter at the sight but she quickly put it back on properly and carried on with her work. She couldn't concentrate on her work with everyone staring so she tried to ignore them which was difficult in her current state. The lesson ended and as she stood up to leave the towel untied again, she was able to catch it but left her ass exposed, meaning everyone took a photo before she could sort it out again. She quickly left and tried to get to her next lesson. She knew her next lesson would be upstairs which would be an issue as everyone below her would be able to see up the towel. She didnt know what to do


Part 3:

Sarah took a deep breath and accepted the inevitable. She quickly slipped a hand under her towel to ensure that no-one could see up her towel and see her bare pussy. She heard the disappointed moans of her classmates when they realised they wouldn't be getting a free show. She got to the top of the staircase and stopped to take a breath. When she did however someone tugged the back of her towel, causing it to fall. She managed to catch it but not quick enough. While she managed to stop her pussy from being exposed, her breasts and ass were not so lucky and all the crowded students stopped to see her exposed breasts and quickly take photos to add to their collection. She quickly covered as quick as she could but it was too late and photos were taken and quickly spread around the whole school. She ran back down the stairs and shut herself inside of the bathroom.

She waited in there for 5 minute before there was a knock at the door and the familiar voice of her English teacher Miss Booth
"Sarah, are you in there?"
"Yes Miss"
"Open the door and tell me why you aren't in my lesson?"
Sarah opened the door, letting her teacher see her current outfit
"What is the meaning of this?"
Sarah explained the situation to her teacher but her teacher was less than sympathetic
"Well just because you can't help but show off your body that doesn't mean you get to miss my lesson"
"Miss, please don't make me, just give me some work to do in the library"
"I don't care, you come with me now or I drag you there"
"But Miss I..."
Miss Booth grabbed her arm and dragged her from the bathroom, trapping her towel in the door and coming off her
"Miss, wait, my towel"
"I don't care, come on"
"Please Miss they'll all see me naked"
"That's your fault now come on"
She had to pass other students who all saw he, she tried to throw her hand over her pussy to cover but her teacher slapped it away
"If you can't keep your towel on then you shouldn't complain about remaining covered"
She started to cry as student after student saw her most private area and was pulled up the stairs towards the classroom. Miss Booth opened the door and dragged the now naked Sarah into the classroom, allowing her classmates to finally see the now naked girl in all her glory. 


Part 4:

Sarah stood there, knowing her classmates were staring at her naked body. No one had ever seen her body, not even in a swimsuit, and now here they are looking at her most private parts. She tried to cover with her hands however as she did, Miss Booth hit her hands down and made her face the class with her body exposed. Miss Booth pulled a chair to the front of the classroom and pointed to it.
"You will sit here for this lesson"
"But Miss, this isn't my seat"
"I don't care it is now, you've wasted enough lesson time and unless you want to stay after school you will sit here"
Sarah sat at her chair, facing the class, and slowly started to cry. She tried her hardest to close her legs as tight as she could so they couldn't see her freshly shaved pussy but whenever she did her teacher would just open her legs wider.
"Do that one more time and you'll be severely punished"
Sarah silently nodded and opened her legs again. Her classmates were eager to know what her punishment would be. A boy in the front row pulled out his phone and pointed it at her pussy, making sure that she saw him do it. She closed her legs quickly to preserve her modesty. Her teacher immediately saw her do so.
"Stand up"
"But Miss"
"I don't care, I told you you'd be punished now stand up"
"Miss he was taking photos"
"I don't see a phone. I was going to make you stand for the rest of the lesson to make you more exposed but now I see a need a new punishment"
She pulled Sarah's arm and dragged her over to the front desk. She bent her over the desk and made sure to spread out her legs, exposing more of her pussy
"Class, this is what happens when you don't listen"
She proceeded to spank Sarah's bare ass in-front of the whole class. A girl in the back row put her hand up
"Miss, I feel like she isn't being punished enough, may I recommend that to really teach her a lesson that we should all get to spank her"
"What a good suggestion, form a line behind me"
Her classmates all lined up and spanked her one at a time. Some of them took advantage to quickly get a grab of her ass or tits while a very brave few dared to poke her exposed pussy and asshole. By the time they were finished her ass was red. The bell rang, signalling the next lesson. For Sarah this was not only gym class, an opportunity to get clothes, but also meant she'd have to walk through the whole school as naked as the day she was born, and she wasn't looking forward to it.


Part 5:

