Azkadellia thought perhaps someone else should be involved in her care than Callan, Della or DG, but they didn't trust anyone else to do it. Her tin men pushed her physically, exhausting her easily. DG would stop by and try to learn some of the ancient thread magics that Azkadellia knew. Neither really talked about why she knew it, or why DG had to learn it, or what they would do once Azkadellia was strong enough to make the leap to the Mirror Zone for DG's war with Queen Lurlaine.

In the meantime, the strange little mobat would sit and watch, contemplating Azkadellia when not in flight with Midnight. At first Azkadellia had felt her gut wrench at the sight of the mobat, remembering her lost children. It was likely why Callan and Della hadn't tried to run it off. It sat there, watching her, contemplating her, and Azkadellia remembered what it was like to have a flock of them surrounding her or pulsing beneath her skin, reminding her she wasn't alone.

After nearly a week of those inky black eyes staring at her, Azkadellia stumbled her way to the desk where the strange little mobat sat and stared at her. Amazingly enough, the old tongues came back to her easily, as if it hadn't been nearly half a year since the double eclipse. What is your name, little one?

I have none, the creature told her, amused. So you do know the Old Speech.

I have not used it in many months.

And you have much else to think of at the moment, he told her. You should teach it to your sister. Her little pet itches to tell her all about his thoughts. I'm too old for such things.

Azkadellia held out her hand in the way of the old greeting, and it sniffed her open palm cautiously. Yes, I saw this. The three-in-one. I have not seen such a thing in many an annual.

You've seen this before? Azkadellia asked, almost afraid. The two sleeping Practitioners almost stirred, almost said something.

Yes, but not here.

Midnight swooped into the room, cutting off whatever else the strange mobat would have said. There you are! he chortled. Come, then. Let us fly! It is time to fly again, Shifter.

Azkadellia looked between them, then at the inky black eyes of the strange little mobat. "Shifter?" she asked aloud.

Flying shifter, Midnight said, landing on the desk and nodding. All kinds of flying things, he said. So he's been teaching me all kinds of flying tricks he's learned from being those other flying things.

Kind of him, Azkadellia murmured, looking at the strange little mobat.

You are interesting as well, he told her solemnly. Perhaps we have always been destined to meet.

You believe in such things?

Destiny is a tricky thing, Princess, he told her. It all depends on how you interpret it.

Very true, Azkadellia agreed with a nod. "We can speak more about it when you've finished your flying lesson," she said aloud.

He regarded her with those unnatural eyes. You do not fear this, he commented.

Any ill will would have been acted upon by now, she told him honestly. And perhaps we truly were destined to meet.

Laughing, the strange little one took to flight and left through the open window. Whooping with joy, Midnight followed him out.
***
Aliana recognized the creature, even as Cliara scoffed that it could possibly exist. Most Shifters could only stick to a single other shape, as Tutor could only shift to a dog from his human form. Ine'che shifted to a single human form from her wyvern shape. Werewolves shifted to a wolf from their human forms. That was simply the way of things.

There are other creatures, Aliana murmured. Other things, other creations outside of our realm. Lurlaine never wanted to admit it, but there are other Zones besides our own, other things that we never dreamed of.

No, Cliara replied, voice hard and even. There is no such thing!

Belen Tasilth.

Azkadellia didn't know why Cliara was so afraid, why Aliana even trembled at the name of the creature. "What? What is it?" Her tin men were in her sitting room, letting her bathe in peace. They didn't hear her speak aloud, which she did more often than not.

A creature from between the Zones, Aliana whispered.

A fantasy! A story you tell children to keep them in their beds at night!

A creature so old, Aliana continued over Cliara's shouting, that even Practitioners and Faeries are said to have learned their gifts from them. The Belen Tasilth are capricious things, powerful things, old things. There's a reason all sentient beings fear the dark. They say nothing can truly live in the dark, between the Zones, but they are wrong. The Belen Tasilth live between the Zones, beyond the edges of things, and they live in the darkness and feast upon the dead.

Azkadellia shivered despite the hot bath. "It didn't seem evil..."

Not evil, Cliara corrected, shooting Aliana a glare for mentioning the creatures. They are wrong in the sense that they do not have a sense of Time or Space. They simply Are. They do not grow old or consider things the way we would.

"You don't age much," Azkadellia murmured.

But we do, Cliara said, voice crisp. Magic preserves us, but we do. Spells and charms and prophecies contain us, hold us to a shape longer than the shape might necessarily hold on its own, but it cannot stop the flow of Time for long. All things die except for the Belen Tasilth.

Ask it if that is what it is, Aliana whispered, curling around Azkadellia's mind like steam. Ask it and find out the truth.

It might just kill her for presuming.

"It was amused by me," Azkadellia reminded them. "I doubt anyone kills the thing they're amused with."

I used to all the time, Aliana told her waspishly.

Ah, yes. That.

Azkadellia ignored them both and pulled herself up and out of the bath. That set the alarm bell ringing, and her tin men rushed right in to help her actually step out of the tub and towel off. Callan of course had something lewd to say, and pressed a kiss against her belly for good measure. Della's hands were strong against her back, touch light but still shattering. They helped her dress then sat her down at her desk for DG's magic lessons. She had also started in with the Old Speech, the language of magic and Practitioners. There was a lot she still didn't know, things that the sisters in her soul still hadn't seen fit to share with her. Still, whatever she did know, DG could know.

Well, she wouldn't mention this new thing, the Belen Tasilth. She didn't know what they were, exactly, and she didn't think this one particular example, if it truly was one, was going to harm them. She just hoped she wasn't wrong about that.
***
DG pulled Cain into her bedroom and locked the door with a simple spell. As surprised as he was by the move, he also wasn't very surprised. It had been a few days since they had done anything more than sleep together in bed, and DG had been eying him over the map and the plans they were making with Glitch and Raw.

DG seized his mouth with hers and attacked the formal dress he had taken to wearing about the castle. Cain pulled at the laces to her underbust corset. They came undone easily, and he slipped his hands between the corset and the dress beneath it. He smiled at DG's indrawn breath. "I like hearing that," he murmured. "It's been a few days."

"It's been forever," she corrected, attacking the belt to his trousers.

The dress itself was as simple to take off as it was to slide on. Cain pulled her from the sitting room area to her bedroom. He laid her down on the bed, settling himself down on top of her. He kissed his way down the side of her jaw to her neck, then down to her breasts. He suckled on one, making a contented noise when DG clutched the back of his head and arched into his mouth. She was making those little sounds of pleasure, and Cain slid his other hand down her belly to the juncture of her thighs. She was quickly growing damp, and he slid a finger inside of her. DG gasped and tilted her hips up slightly, giving him better access. He traced her folds, then slid his finger back inside of her. He moved it rhythmically as he sucked on her breast, and DG writhed beneath him. He moved his thumb against her moist clit. Her breath shattered as he crooked his finger deep inside her, and she came with a strangled groan. She had to remember how to breathe again.

Cain kicked off his clothing and stretched out on top of her again. He guided himself into her wet heat and thrust deeply inside of her. DG gasped and clutched at him, moaning at the feel of him inside of her. He moved to kiss her, full and hot and hungry. She responded, an arm around his shoulders, the other around his back. "We don't have much time," she gasped, moving to return his kiss.

"Got to make the most of it," he murmured, punctuating his words with deeper thrusts inside of her. "Close, Deeg..."

She dug her nails into his shoulder, her entire body tightening around him. "Wyatt," she moaned, head thrown back. "Almost..."

He came inside of her, and she wasn't close enough to orgasm yet. He thrust a few more times inside of her and reached to stroke her clit. DG made a keening noise, stiffening in his arms as she came.

As their breaths slowed, Cain gave DG a soft kiss. "This ought to hold you a while," he teased.

"Until tonight," she agreed with a grin. "You owe me some more spectacular sex to make up for the past few days."

"Someone's been too busy planning things."

"Well, we don't know enough about the ghost fairies. The one I have is off investigating for me."

He laughed and kissed her forehead. "Come on. Time to get dressed and see your mother. She sounded insistent about that meeting with us."

They hastily dressed and went to the Queen's antechamber, where she was sitting with Ahamo. He had recently returned from the outer provinces, and his expression was one of grave concern. DG hadn't even seen it this concerned when she had met him as the Seeker.

"This is civil war," the Queen told DG, her voice high and shrill. "There has never been civil war before! Never, in the entire history of the OZ! Not even in the time of the Ancients!"

"It's a handful of bratty nobles," DG said in a bored tone, not believing it could be serious. This was the OZ. They were locked into their customs and superstitions. She was the Crown Princess to these people, and they had looked forward to her upcoming rule. How could they possibly think of overthrowing her?

"They consider you an Other Sider!" the Queen screeched. "Don't you understand what that means?"

"Um. No," DG said, staring at her. "Dorothy Gale was an Other Sider and she was accepted. Why is it an issue now?"

"That was a thousand annuals ago, and it was a different time. Now it's different. They don't want an Other Sider. They want someone from the OZ, someone that respects their rank and their rituals, and you don't. There's been no formal suit for your hand, no acceptance of that. And Azkadellia... We never said she's woken up, so the death threats at least stopped. But they don't want her, either. They don't want our family on the throne, do you understand? This is civil war!"

"Is this because I won't talk to that asshole Siba?" DG cried, eyes wide. "What a prick! He's out of his mind!"

"Whatever the reason, he's leading the charge," Ahamo said, settling a hand onto the Queen's shoulder. She was so upset she could barely speak coherently. "They're insular, these people. They don't like different, and we're just different now. It doesn't matter if he's a jealous rejected suitor. Right now, he's leading the uprising. If it's not addressed, it's going to get worse."

"I have other things that need planning, Dad," DG said, dismissing the concern. "I think we might have a plan for the Mirror Zone..."

"And you're going to have to come up with a plan for this Zone," Ahamo told her evenly. "Or there won't be any reason to fight another Zone."

That knocked the wind out of her sails. DG shut her mouth and nodded unhappily at her parents. "All right. All right," she repeated at her father's incredulous look. "I'll consider it, okay?"

The Queen obviously was unhappy with that, but Ahamo squeezed her shoulder in warning to keep silent. "Just do your best. You've saved the OZ twice now. Think you can do it a third time?"

DG laughed and grabbed Cain's hand. "Absolutely! We'll need to discuss things with Az."

The Queen sighed as they left the room. "He'll need to make a formal offer, dear."

"I didn't, and we still married," he reminded her. He pulled her into a tight embrace. "We'll just make the announcement in the morning. He's the Baron of Stoneveil now. It's an appropriate enough alliance."

The Queen buried her face in the crook of his neck and tried not to cry. "I can only hope so."

"They're good together. He's good for her. A calming influence. They're a good team, like we are."

She looked up at him with a wan smile. "You always know what to say to make things seem better."

"One of my many talents," Ahamo agreed with a grin. "C'mon, my Lavender Eyes. Let's go relax somewhere private..."

Startled into laughter amidst her tears, the Queen let herself be led out of the room.
***
Azkadellia managed to walk down the hall to DG's quarters with two walking sticks under the watchful eyes of Callan and Della. She had pushed herself relentlessly since waking up, and her two tin men were hovering around her in case she pushed too hard. They touched her and held her, but they didn't do more than that, as if afraid she would fly apart at the seams if they did. She was almost frustrated by being treated like an invalid made of glass. She wanted to scream, but thought perhaps everyone would come running thinking she was out of her mind or possessed again. That was the last thing she needed.

She crashed down onto a settee ungracefully and put the two walking sticks aside. DG had Cain, Ine'che, Raw and Glitch sitting in the room as well. There was a low table between them with the magical map of the Mirror Zone. Azkadellia didn't know why she was there, as DG hadn't really mentioned too much about the upcoming war she wanted to start. Mostly she tried to keep Azkadellia company as she ran through her exercises and tried to make sure that Azkadellia was comfortable.

"All right. I suppose we'll start," DG said, pushing her hair behind her ears. It was a nervous gesture, and Azkadellia's gaze sharpened. The two Practitioners within her also stirred slightly. "You know I've been trying to plan a concerted attack on the Mirror Zone. Apparently, now I need to plan the defense of the OZ."

"Raw doesn't understand," he complained, head tilted to the side. "They may not be able to wage war here."

"Not the Mirror Zone," DG corrected, shaking her head. "Though I'll need to figure that out, too. I don't trust Lurlaine even as far as I can throw the bitch. No, I mean there are people here that are moving against the royal family. They're going to start a civil war."

Azkadellia blinked and her other selves were shocked awake. "That's... unheard of."

"Never at all, Mother said," DG agreed. "But these nobles are bratty and don't like us."

"Who would do such a thing?" Glitch asked. He hadn't been at the Harvest Meeting, so this was news to him.

"It's Lord Siba and his cohorts," Cain told the others. "Because DG is considered an Other Sider, and..." He grimaced as he looked at Azkadellia.

"And no one wants me alive, let alone Queen," Azkadellia replied evenly. "It's all right to say it. I know how they feel."

"Well, we don't feel that way," DG said quickly. Azkadellia suppressed the urge to roll her eyes at the obvious statement. Really, she didn't need to be coddled.

"We sure don't," Glitch added, turning to face her. The zipper along his skull winked at her, and Azkadellia tried not to feel guilty about that. "But Lord Siba, he won't be an easy one to get rid of. He always had a cruel streak, even with his own people."

"Lovely. The asshole is a sadist," DG grumbled, throwing up her hands. "Just the kind of person we don't want in charge."

"My people wouldn't help him," Raw said, shaking his head. "They would help the royal family how they can. Maybe view something..."

"Not if it hurts you," DG said firmly. "We can do without it."

"They might be using a Viewer, though," Cain said, frowning. "It's a possibility we hadn't thought of."

"Green Harbor is isolated, but it's not that isolated," Azkadellia agreed. "We'd always had our doubts about that one."

"We?" Glitch asked, even as the others politely glossed over the pronoun. "Is that a royal we?"

"Yes," DG interrupted. All eyes swung to her. "Now, we need to figure out what we're doing about Siba. He won't stay quiet for long."

"He'll move quickly, while Mother is unsettled," Azkadellia told them flatly. "He has an aggressive streak."

All of the tin men in the room turned to look at her. "How do you know that? No one's ever leveled charges..." Callan began.

"No one would. He's a viscount, and that sort would never come under the purview of a tin man," Azkadellia replied, shaking her head. "But it had been worth my while as the Sorceress to keep tabs on all the nobility, even after the court was dissolved."

"That's a smart move in an unstable government," Ine'che remarked when everyone else fell silent.

"Well, I thought so," Azkadellia said, nodding. "So I could probably tell you who is most likely to fall in with him based on how it was several months ago when I was still the Sorceress. I don't think they would have changed alliances that quickly."

"Yeah," DG said after a moment, nodding. "This is why I need your input. You know the OZ best, how they'd think."

"Plus everyone thinks you're practically dead," Glitch said with a smile. "So no one would ever think you're involved. Your safety won't be compromised at all."

"She has us for safety," Della growled.

"We're getting off track," Cain said, cutting off the conversation before it could derail further from the point. "The fact is, Lord Siba practically announced he's starting a war. It's only a matter of time before he starts something."

"Act first," Azkadellia said, looking at DG. "Mother shouldn't have let something like that go unpunished. It's only going to get further out of control until there's an actual war on your hands." She spoke plainly, and DG had no doubts that it was good advice.

She couldn't bear to do it, though.

"I can't just haul someone out for speaking out of turn."

"If you don't give a show of strength now, you will lose them," Azkadellia insisted. "Once you've lost them, the nobles will gear up for an actual war, and they might even take it to the city gates. We can't afford to let that happen. Too many people would die if that occurred."

DG looked at everyone in turn, and Raw was nodding. "Raw? What is it?"

"Panic and death. Dark shadows moving." He ducked his head slightly. "It hurts to see, but it looks too real. It's most certain if nothing happens soon."

"But what are you talking about, show of strength?"

Azkadellia hesitated and Ine'che sighed. "It's death, isn't it? The only way to punish treason in any Zone."

"I can't do that!" DG cried, horrified. She looked between the two of them, then at the tin men sitting stoically in a circle. "That's just insane. I can't just go around killing everyone."

"Do you think keeping him in prison is going to help?" Azkadellia asked softly.

"More angry that way," Raw murmured, shaking his head. "He's already mad at you for not liking him, for not talking to him."

"It made the sisters insane, being kept locked up for so long," Azkadellia said softly, not even looking at Raw. "And no matter how long you keep him locked away in a prison, it only makes him a martyr to his friends and a rallying cry to whoever they can convince to move against us."

It had already been three days since the Harvest Meeting. DG didn't want to think of how much more damage could be done because her mother couldn't strike fear into her nobility. "God, politics are such bullshit," she grumbled irritably. Cain couldn't help but smile at that, and the other two tin men snorted.

"Maybe, but you're Crown Princess now. It's your headache, if Mother can't deal with it," Azkadellia murmured. "I'd help, but..."

"But you have to stay in a coma as far as the public is concerned. They'll call for your death otherwise," Glitch said, expression grave. He seemed almost like Ambrose then, the calculating Advisor that helped the Queen concoct her desperate plan to save DG and escape the Sorceress. "You have to help behind the scenes. Behind the curtain, so to speak."

"Your shadow servant and mobat might be able to move quickly tonight," Ine'che murmured. "See where they are in the planning stages. It might not be too late to end it before it begins."

"Central City is loyal to you, DG," Cain said, taking up her hand and squeezing it tightly. "You know that."

"The northern counties are as well," Della added. "When we went there, the Northern Outpost was one of the last strongholds. It might be burned down, but not everyone died that night. We can do what we can to gather more support there."

"Some of the eastern counties are probably still loyal," Callan said. "Green Harbor is the westernmost county, and most likely its allies are western as well."

"The Harbor will run with blood if this goes too long," Raw said, frowning. The future was starting to shift even as he tried to View it.

"So we'll check on them tonight, when it gets dark," DG said with a decisive nod. "And if he's really plotting something, I move. I won't let anyone die here because someone doesn't know their place in the grand scheme of things."

No one commented on what her move would likely have to be. That was a dark path no one was enthusiastic about taking.
***
***