Gabriella's First day of Senior Year
by 

Gabriella's First day of Senior Year Part 1

Gabriella was awakened by the sound of her alarm clock, it was Monday, the first day of school in her senior year. Though she missed the summer she was happy it was over, especially after the humiliations she had suffered at the hands of her own family the weekend before. She still couldn’t believe that her mom had forced her to stay naked in front of everyone and worse be spanked in front of everyone as well.

“Oh well, at least that’s over now.” She thought to herself.

She got out of bed and opened her closet, she took out the outfit she picked out the night before and laid it on her bed, it was a pleated skirt that landed at mid-thigh and a tank top.

After completing her morning routine and getting all of her books together she walked into the kitchen to say good bye to her mother, even though she was still a little upset with her.

“I’m leaving to go to school now Mom, see you later” she said.

She turned towards the front door but her mom stopped her.

“Hold on a second Gabby, take this to your health teacher.” She said as she handed her and envelope.

“What’s this for?” Gabriella asked.

“It’s a permission slip for you to participate in class.” She replied.

“Oh, ok I’ll give it to the teacher.” Gabriella shrugged.

She gave her mom a hug and walked out the front door.

At school all the students reported to homeroom, they would get their class schedules for the rest of the semester there, Gabriella looked over the schedule and noticed that her first class of the day would be health class.

“Oh that’s right, mom gave me these slip to give the teacher.” She thought to herself.

She took the envelope out of her bag and slipped it into one of the folders in her binder so she wouldn’t forget it in her locker. Soon the bell rang and everyone headed off to their first class of the day.

When she arrived in class she approached her teacher Ms. Hart and handed her the envelope.

“Good morning ma’am, my mother told me I had to give this to you.” She said politely.

Ms. Hart took the envelope.

“Thank you, what is your name?” She asked.

“Gabriella.” She answered.

“Thank you Gabriella, go ahead and take a seat, we will be starting class soon.”

She quickly found a seat in the middle of the classroom and waited for class to start. She noticed however, that nobody else seemed to be handing anything in to the teacher, everyone else was just walking in and sitting down.

“Why aren’t they giving the teacher their permission slips?” She wondered.

She quickly dismissed the thought as the bell rang signaling the start of first period. A few remaining students quickly hurried in and found a seat.

The teacher got up from her desk and up to the front of the room.

“Good morning everyone, welcome to the first day of class.” She said.

“This year the school has decided to take a difference approach to how health class it taught, normally we just read from a book and look at slide shows. This year we are taking a more interactive approach.”

One of the students raised her hand.

“Yes, you have a question?” She said pointing to the student.

“What do you mean by more interactive?” She asked.

“I’m glad you asked, this year before the school year began your parents were send letters with permission slips asking if they would allow you to participate in class.”

Gabriella’s heart skipped a beat, now she knew what the permission slip was for.

“The permission slip grants permission for you to be involved in the class lessons in whatever way is called for.” She continued.

Ms. Hart then picked up the envelope that Gabriella had given her a few minutes ago.

“It looks like only one of your parents has consented to let you participate, Gabriella if you could please join me up in the front of the class.” She said looking at her.

Gabriella got up from her seat and joined the teacher at the front of the class.

“Since you are the only one with a signed permission slip you are going to be our participant for the rest of the school year, unless someone else brings one in.”

Gabriella didn’t like the sound of that.

“What will I have to do?” she asked nervously.

Ms. Hart handed her the permission slip.

“Go ahead and read it, though I’m surprised you didn’t know what was in it considering your mother signed it.”

Gabriella opened the envelope and read the slip out loud.

“I the parent/guardian here by give consent for my son/daughter to be used in any or all classroom activities and events. I understand that his or her participation may include but is not limited to assisting the teacher with grading papers, preparing, displaying or acting as a visual aid for the benefit of the class and may include but is not limited to partial or full nudity in front of the class. Finally, in signing this I acknowledge and consent that my son/daughter can be compelled by force to participate in any and all exercises and activities and if he/she fails to co-operate sufficiently he/she will be subject to disciplinary action which may include by is not limited to, detention, suspension, being withheld from graduation or any other means of discipline deemed appropriate by the school.”

Gabriella stood there for a moment in shock as Ms. Hart plucked the permission slip from her hands and put it in her desk in a locked drawer.

“Well now that we have that out of the way, we can begin our first lesson, the female anatomy.”


Gabriella's First day of Senior Year Part 2

Ms. Hart turned to Gabriella.

“Gabriella, since you will be our visual aid for the class please remove your skirt and top, then we can begin the lesson.”

Gabriella immediately panicked and ran out the door.

“Gabriella come back here!!” Ms. Hart shouted after her.

Gabriella didn’t stop, she kept running as fast as she could.

“I’ll run outside and run home.” She thought frantically.

As she rounded the corner she ran directly into two of the school’s security guards, she bounced off of them and fell on her backside.

The two men reached down and helped her up, she tried to run again but they held onto her.

“Young lady where exactly are you running off to so fast!?” One of them asked sounding annoyed.

Gabriella didn’t answer, she only tried harder to get away.

“Fine we’ll take you to the main office and find out where you're supposed to be.”

They dragged her down the hall to the main office. The first guard spoke to the secretary while the other made sure she did not try to run away again.

“Can you tell me what class this student is supposed to be in right now?” He asked.

The secretary looked over at Gabriella.

“Oh yes that’s Gabriella, just one moment.” She said.

After a few seconds checking the computer she handed the security guard a sheet with her schedule.

“It looks like she’s supposed to be in Ms. Hart’s health class right now.” She said pointing to it on the schedule.

“Thank you, we’ll take her back to class.”

“No no no please don’t take me back there.” Gabriella begged.

“Nonsense young lady, this is a school and students are required to be in class.”

With that both security guards took her by the arms and brought her back to class. When they arrived Gabriella was surprised to see a chair at the front of the class. It looked normal enough at first but as she got closer she realized that there was something very different about this one. There seemed to be straps attached to the arms, back and at the legs, which also looked like they could be moved.

“Welcome back Gabriella, I had called security but it looks like they already found you.” Ms. Hard said with an annoyed look on her face.

“Gentlemen if you would be so kind as to put Gabriella in the chair and secure the straps, I don’t want her running again, as it is she wasted enough class time.”

The guard walked her over to the chair and forced her to sit down in it, they then secured the straps around her wrists, arms, waist and ankles.

“Thank you very much gentlemen.” Ms. Hart said.

The security guards both nodded and left the room.

“Please Ms. Hart don’t make me do this!” Gabriella begged.

“Your mother signed the slip Gabriella, you don’t have a choice.” She said sternly.

Ms. Hart then grabbed a piece of close the placed it over Gabriella’s mouth and secured it tightly.

“You’ve already wasted enough of everyone’s time and I don’t want to hear another word out of you.”

Ms. Hart turned back to the class.

“As I was saying, today we were going to start talking about the female anatomy, however because of Gabriella’s interruption we won’t have enough time to talk about it in detail.”

Gabriella sighed with relief.

“Instead Gabriella will be on display for the remainder of the class, I want you to study her body and take notes for tomorrow’s class.”
The same student from earlier raised her hand again.

“We can’t see her body very well with her skirt and top on.” She said.

Ms. Hart looked at Gabriella and then back to the student.

“I suppose you’re right.” She said.

Ms. Hart went to her desk and took out a pair of scissors. Gabriella tried to struggle when she saw her come towards her with them but the straps were too tight.

“You should stay still or you might get a cut.” Ms. Hart warned.

She then began cutting up the front of Gabriella’s skirt stopping at the waistband, she pealed the sides of the shirt away revealing her panties to the class.

“Is that better?” She asked looking behind her.

“No we still can’t see.” Came the replies.

Ms. Hart then cut through the waist band of the skirt and pulled it out from under her leaving her only in her panties from the waist down.

“I suppose we should do the top as well.” She said.

Ms. Hart then began cutting up the front of Gabriella’s tank top until it was completely in half at the front, she then snipped the straps on each side and pulled the remains of the shirt away leaving Gabriella in only her underwear.

“There, that should be good.” Ms. Hart said stepping away leaving her in open view of the entire class.

Gabriella sobbed through the gag, she had never dreamed she would be humiliated like this in front of her classmates.

20 minutes later the bell rang, everyone in the class got up and started off to their next class, Ms. Hart removed the gag and unstrapped Gabriella from the chair. She got up and wiped the tears from her face.

“See you tomorrow Gabriella, I hope you are in a more cooperative mood tomorrow.” She said.

Gabriella picked up the remains of her skirt and top from the floor.

“Ms. Hart my clothes are ruined; I can’t go through the rest of the day in just my underwear, can I be excused for the rest of the day?”

Ms. Hart shook her head.

“I’m afraid not, if you had cooperated and removed your clothes when I asked, I wouldn’t have had to cut them off you, consider this part of your punishment for not cooperating.”

Gabriella looked heart broken.

“But what will I say to my other teachers?!”

Ms. Hart grabbed a scrap of paper and wrote something on it quickly then handed it to her.

“This will explain to your teachers what’s going on and not to remove you from classes, now if you don’t mind my students are arriving for my next class.”

She then took Gabriella by the arm and pushed her out the door, grabbing the remains of her clothing from her.

“You won’t need these anyway since they are already ruined, I’ll throw them out for you. Enjoy the rest if your day!” She said shutting the door.

Gabriella turned from the door into the hall, the rest of the students suddenly got quiet staring at her in only her underwear and shoes.

Gabriella quickly ducked into one of the girl’s bathrooms at the end of the hall and locked herself into one of the stalls.

Just then she heard the door open, she heard three female voices coming into the bathroom.

“Did you see Gabriella?” One of the voices said.

“Yeah she was only in her underwear.” Another said.

“John said he saw her come in here, let’s find her.” Said the third.

Gabriella put her feet up on the toiled at she heard the girls start opening the stalls one at a time slowly making their way towards hers.


Gabriella's First day of Senior Year Part 3

She heard them pushing on the door to her stall.

“She must be in here.” The leader said.

One of them hit the door hard causing the flimsy lock to break, the door flew open.

“Well look at what we have here girls, little Gabriella in nothing but her undies.” Said the first girl who Gabriella recognized as Mary one of the school bullies, with her were her usual cronies Lisa and Sarah.

“Get her out of there girls so we can get a better look at her.” Mary ordered.

Sarah and Lisa grabbed Gabriella by the arms and pulled her out of the stall.

“Please Mary, leave me alone, I’ve never done anything to bother you.” Gabriella pleaded.

Mary scoffed at her.

“Yes little miss goodie goodie, never does anything wrong.”

Gabriella tried frantically to look for a way out of this situation but there was no way she was getting away from them.

“So you like walking around the school with no clothes on?” Mary asked snidely.

“No, I don’t, Ms. Hart made me do it.” Gabriella replied nervously.

“Yeah right, the little tramp probably loves all the boys looking at her.” Said Sarah.

Gabriella felt the waistband of her panties get pulled back and then snapped back causing her to cry out. She turned around and saw it was Lisa who had done it.

“I wonder what she has under those undies of hers, think she stuffs her bra?” Lisa asked with a grin on her face.

“Please just leave me alone, I promise I’ll give you anything just don’t take off my underwear.”

Mary thought for a moment.

“Anything you say?” Mary said with a sly look on her face.

“Yes, yes anything!” Gabriella replied.

“Alright then, I’ll take those shoes.”

Gabriella looked confused.

“My shoes?”

“The socks too, they go really well with them.” Mary said casually.

Lisa grabbed the back of her panties and snapped them back again.

“It’s either the socks and shoes, or your underwear.” Lisa said.

“Yeah you can either walk out of here with bare feet or a bare everything else.” Laughed Sarah.

Gabriella’s head was swimming, but what else could she do, the shoes were brand new but she couldn’t stand the idea of walking around school completely naked.

“OK, you can have the shoes.” She said dejectedly.

“Too bad, I was kind of hoping you would say no, at any rate, feel free to take my shoes and socks off and give them to me.” Mary said.

Gabriella walked over to a small bench on the back wall and sat down, she bent down and untied her shoes and removed her socks leave her in only her bra and panties.

“Now pick them up and bring them to me.” Commanded Mary.

Gabriella stood up and shivered as she felt the cold floor on her bare feet. She picked up the shoes and brought them over to Mary.

“Here they are.” She said holding them out to her.

Mary took the shoes from her.

“Well won’t these just look great on me, what do you think girls?”

Lisa and Sarah nodded.

“Oh yes and you got them for such a good price.” Sarah said sarcastically.

The three girls all laughed together.

“Well time to go, we’re late for class as it is, oh and by the way, if you tell anyone about this, you can be sure we’ll come back for the bra and panties.” Mary said.

Gabriella nodded as the three girls left the bathroom laughing as they went.

She stayed in the bathroom for the rest of the period, fortunately since this was her senior year, she had a few free periods which happened to be second and third.

After the bell sounded for third period to begin she ventured out of the bathroom, she had hoped to make it to her locker to get her gym clothes, they weren’t pretty but at least they would give her some modesty.

She walked carefully through the halls, shivering every so often from the cold floor on her feet. After about 5 minutes of carefully avoiding security guards or fellow students she at last made it to her locker. She started to enter the combination when suddenly she heard a voice call out her name. It was Ms. Hart and she had another teacher with her Mr. Adams.

“Gabriella!” She called out.

Gabriella froze as they approached, she stayed facing away from them not wanting to expose herself to Mr. Adams.

“What are you doing out in the halls, shouldn’t you be in class?” She asked sternly

“Um, no Ms. Hart, I have a free period right now.” She replied still facing away from them.

Ms. Hart grabbed her shoulders and spun her around.

“It’s rude to not face someone when they are speaking to you!” Ms. Hart scolded.

Gabriella blushed from embarrassment at being scolded and having Mr. Adams see her in her underwear.

“I’m sorry.” She said meekly.

Ms. Hart repeated her question.

“Why aren’t you in class?”

Gabriella opened her locker and handed Ms. Hart her schedule.

“My second and third periods are free periods.” She explained pointing to the lines on the sheet.

Ms. Hart studied the schedule for a moment.

“I see, and what happened to your shoes and socks?”

Gabriella started to speak about what happened but then remembered the threat from Mary and her goons.

“I umm, lost them.”

“You lost them?” Ms. Hart said with a doubtful look on her face.

Gabriella only nodded.

“That doesn’t seem likely but I’m not here to find out if you lost your shoes or not, Mr. Adams teaches the Advanced Placement health class and unfortunately nobody in his class signed the permission slip and he needs someone to act as his visual aid.”

Gabriella felt overwhelmed with panic again.

“But, I’m not in his class I thought I only had to do this for your class!”

Ms. Hart pulled out the permission slip and pointed to the section referring to punishment.

“According to this the school can punish you in any way we deem appropriate if you do not cooperate and since you decided not to cooperate this morning, I am making you help Mr. Adams with his class.”

Gabriella stood there speechless.

“Also since his class is during one of your free periods, this won’t affect your attendance in any of your other classes.” She said.

Mr. Adams and Ms. Hart took her by the arms and walked her towards the classroom.

“I appreciate you helping with out with this Amanda.” Mr. Adams said.

“No problem Neil.” Ms. Hart said with a smile.

When they got to the classroom the students were already seated, Gabriella noticed the same chair Ms. Hart had in her classroom earlier.

“She’s been pretty uncooperative today Neil; you should probably strap her into the chair so she doesn’t run out on you.” Ms. Hart said.

“No it’s ok I promise I won’t run” Gabriella pleaded.

“Sorry Gabriella, but I can’t risk you being an interruption like you were to Ms. Hart.” Mr. Adams said.

They made her sit down in the chair and strapped her in, Ms. Hart also secured the gag over her moth again as well.

Once they had finished Mr. Adams addressed the class.

“Hello everyone, this month we are going to discuss the female reproductive system, we are fortunate that we have a live visual aid, provide by Ms. Hart.”
Gabriella’s eyes widened with fear. She tried to struggle against the straps but like before they held firm.

“Before we begin the lecture I will first prep our visual aid.”

Mr. Adams then walked towards Gabriella, with a pair of scissors in his hands!


Gabriella's First day of Senior Year Part 4

“This won’t take more than a few minutes, so please be quiet and be patient class.”

He put the scissors in his pocket and fiddled with a latch on the chair. Gabriella heard a click and felt the chair start to recline slightly, he then released a latch near the leg rests and brought them up so that her legs were straight in front of her and slightly elevated then locked them into place.

“I am making the appropriate adjustments to the exam chair so that our visual aid will be in a position that makes it easy for everyone to see.”

He made an adjustment to both leg rests so that both of her knees were bent a little and locked it into place, once he had finished with the he unlocked the arm rests and opened them outwards and up so that once they were locked in place Gabriella’s hands were effectively secured over her head.

“The next adjustment will spread her legs apart, which will allow us easiest visual and physical access.”

Gabriella started freaking out again as he started turning a black knob on the side of the chair, nothing seemed to be happening at first, but then she felt it, the leg rests were moving away from each other, her legs slowly began slowing spreading apart.

Gabriella tried to resist but her legs were no match for the chair, after what seemed like an eternity the chair clicked locking into place, Gabriella was now spread wide open, the class had an unobstructed view of her entire body, save for what her panties and bra covered, which she had a feeling wouldn’t be covering anything for very long.

“There we are, one more step.” He said.

He then took the scissors out from his pocket again.

He walked around to the right side of the chair.

“While the breasts are not technically part of the female reproductive system, they will be discussed in our lessons, that being said, you won’t be needing this for the rest of the class.” He said as he cut her right bra strap.

Then he walked around to the other side and cut her left bra strap, finally he placed the scissors in the center of her bra between the cups. Gabriella was too frightened to move as he cut through the bra completely.

Gabriella could see that many of the students were shifting in their chairs, the boys all had hungry looks in their eyes. Suddenly she felt Mr. Adams pull on the left cup of her bra and pull it out from under her leaving her completely topless in front of the entire classroom.

Mr. Adams dropped the tattered remains of the bra on the floor and moved down to her waist, he hooked his finger under the left leg hole of her panties and carefully placed the scissors on them.

“And you most certainly will not need these for today’s lesson.”

With that he began so slowly cut up the left side of her panties, when he cut through the waistband the elastic snapped to the right revealing her naked hip. Gabriella tried to scream through the gag but nobody was listening, she tried to struggle but she couldn’t move a muscle.

Mr. Adams then moved to her right and started to cut up that side of her panties, Gabriella cried as he cut through the waistband, she felt it spring toward the center, her panties were now little more than a limp piece of cloth barely protecting her modesty.

Finally, he reached for the front of her panties and pulled, they wouldn’t come at first because they were held in place by her bottom, but finally she felt them give and they came out from under her, Mr. Adams dropped the remains of the panties on the floor leaving her completely naked in front of the entire class.

Mr. Adams stepped to the side allowing everyone in the class an unobstructed view of Gabriella’s nude body, she sobbed through the gag as she felt the air on her exposed pussy. To make matters worse with her legs spread so far apart, the lips of her pussy were also spread apart leaving nothing to the imagination.

Mr. Adams stepped forward again producing a retractable pointer and extended it.

“We will begin by identifying a few of the main external structures of the reproductive system, today we will be learning specifically about the labia majora, labia minora and the clitoris.”

He placed the tip of the pointer on the outer lips of her pussy causing her to shudder.

“This area is known as the labia majora or large lips, they enclose and protect the other external reproductive organs, typically after puberty this area is covered by hair, however as we can all see Gabriella has shaved all of hers off.”

Gabriella became flush with embarrassment as her so casually talked about her most intimate parts.

He next placed the pointer on her inner lips.

“This is the labia minora or small lips, they surround the openings to the vagina and the urethra, you can see they are open fairly wide due to the position of her legs.”

He then placed the point on her clit which made her shudder again.

“Here is the clitoris which as you can see is where the two labia minora meet, this small, sensitive protrusion is comparable to the penis in males. It is also covered by a fold of skin called the prepuce, similar to the foreskin of a penis. It also is very sensitive to stimulation and can become erect.”

Mr. Adams then moved the pointer around gentle on her clit, this caused Gabriella to gasp and twitch.

“As you can tell even just a small amount of stimulation can cause a reaction, if enough stimulation is provided a woman will have an orgasm, any questions so far?”

Hands shot up around the class room before he could even finish his question.

“Yes young lady?” he pointed to one of the students.

“I think it would be beneficial to the class if you showed everyone what a girl having an orgasm looks like.” She said.

Gabriella’s eyes widened, she looked out to the class and saw that the student who spoke was none other than Mary herself, she had a grin on her face a mile wide.

She looked up towards Mr. Adams with pleading eyes.

“There is no way he would take it that far, would he?” She thought to herself.

She was about to find out just how wrong she was.


Gabriella's First day of Senior Year Part 5

Mr. Adams thought about it for a moment, then he spoke.

“Well I suppose it couldn’t hurt to give you all a demonstration.”

Gabriella’s felt like her head was going to explode.

Mr. Adams grabbed a wooden stool and placed it in front of her chair and sat down, his face now even with her exposed pussy. He took out a pair of latex gloves from his pocket and put them on.

“Very well then let’s begin.”

Mr. Adams placed his right thumb on Gabriella’s clit and began moving I in slow clockwise circles. Gabriella’s entire body shuddered as she was overcome with humiliation and pleasure at the same time.

He used his left index and middle finger to spread her lips further apart which only increased how good it felt. Gabriella started breathing heavier and heavier, she couldn’t understand why her body was betraying her like this as she was being steadily brought to orgasm in front of the entire class room.

As she felt it building up more and more she couldn’t help but moan through the gag, she saw some of the other students had their phones out and were taking videos and pictures. She tried to fight it but she knew soon it would happen.

Finally, the moment came, she didn’t know if it was Mr. Adam’s or if it was the thought of everyone looking at her. At that moment she felt herself wracked by a powerful orgasm, her back arched up as far as the straps would allow and she moaned loudly through the gag, she could feel sweat covering her body as he tried to catch her breath.

When she came to her senses she saw that the entire class was dead silent, some were still recording with their phones. Mr. Adams stood up and faced the class.

“There you are class, a demonstration of the female orgasm, do we have any more questions?”

Mary raised her hand again but spoke before she was called on.

“I think we should also see what it looks like when she does it to herself sir.” She said with a grin.

“Yeah, make her do it now” said another student.

Mr. Adams put his hand up.

“Enough, no more outbursts please.”

The students quieted down and took their seats again.

Mr. Adams walked over to the left side of the chair, before he could say anything however, the bell sounded signaling the end of the period. Gabriella signed with relief.

“Alright class that’s all for today, for your homework write up a short report on what we learned today.”

Mr. Adams began unstrapping Gabriella from the chair as the other students started to leave class, once she was fully unstrapped she tried to stand but her legs hurt from being spread out for so long. Looking down at the floor she saw the remains of her underwear and suddenly because very aware of her nudity again. She quickly grabbed the tattered underwear and tried to cover herself with them.

“I don’t think those will do you much good.” Mr. Adams laughed and snatched them away from her.

“Might as well dispose of these.” He said throwing them in the trash can.

He then wrote her a late pass for her next class and sent her on her way. Gabriella walked as quickly as she could to her locker covering herself as best she could with her hands. She breathed a sigh of relief when she reached her locker, she had never thought she would be so excited to go to gym class, now she could put her gym clothes on and keep them on for the rest of the day.

She quickly put on the old pair of shorts and the old t-shirt she had brought from home as well as her old sneakers from last year then hurried to the gymnasium.

When she arrived the gym everyone was already doing their warm up jog, she quickly handed the teacher Ms. Harnel the late pass and then went to join her class for the jog. Ms. Harnel blew her whistle and called for everyone to line up.

“Since today is the first day of class you will be doing all of the basics, we will start with the mile run and then sit ups.”

She sent them outside to the large field to start the mile run, it would take 3 laps to make a mile, Ms. Harnel signaled them to go and they began the run. Gabriella’s legs still hurt from health class and she found herself falling behind quickly, by the time she reached the second turn the whole class was far ahead of her.

As she was rounding the third turn someone jumped out of the wood and knocked her over, before she could reach she felt at least two people grab her arms and drag her into the woods. When she was releases she sat up and saw it was Mary and Lisa. Sarah was there as well along with many of the other boys and girls from the advanced health class.

“We didn’t get a chance to see the demonstration before the bell rang.” Said Mary

Gabriella tried to stand but they push her back down on to the ground.

“Go ahead and show us how you make yourself cum.” She said laughing.

Gabriella shook her head.

“No I don’t want to, please leave me alone!”

She tried again to get up but Lisa punched her in the stomach and pushed her down to the ground again.

“I think we should make her more comfortable guys, strip her!” Said Mary.

In an instant they were on her, she felt them grab the hem of her shirt and pull upwards until it was over her head and off completely, then they pulled down her gym shorts down her legs and passed her ankles taking her shoes with them. She saw her clothes get tossed on the ground and for the second time today she found herself complete naked in front of her classmates.

Gabriella tried to cover herself with her hands but they were pulled away.

“Go ahead, let’s see you do it.” Mary ordered.

Gabriella sat there sobbing refusing to move.

Mary then picked up her shorts from the ground and produced a pair of scissors.

“If you don’t show us I’ll cut up these clothes too.” She warned.

“No please, I’ll do it just don’t ruin those too!” Gabriella pleaded.

Mary tossed the short back on to the ground.

“I thought you’d see it my way, everyone, get out your cameras, this should be good!”

All of the students took out their phones as Gabriella sat up and spread her legs, with her left hand she parted her pussy lips and with her right she starting massaging her clit. She couldn’t help but moan as she went despite feeling the red flush of embarrassment at being forced to masturbate in front of everyone. Sooner she was almost there, she felt it building faster and faster, her breathing coming out in gasps and moans until finally she came her eyes shut tight while she moaned loudly.

When it was done she fell flat on her back, her arms out and her legs still spread as she tried to catch her breath, the cameras were still on her, taking pictures and probably movies too. When she finally composed herself she quickly crossed her legs and covered her breasts with her arms.

“I don’t know why you’re so shy Gabriella, we’ve all seen so much of you by now.” Mary laughed.

Everyone started to walk out of the wood and back towards the school leaving Gabriella naked on the ground, when they had all gone she looked for her clothes, but to her horror they were nowhere to be found. Then she saw towards the school one of her shoes, she ran over and picked it up, when she looked further towards the school she saw someone had taken her clothes and dropped them in a trail across the field. She ran naked across the field and gathered up her clothes, putting them on along the way. When she finally made it back inside Ms. Harnel scolded her.

“Gabriella, what was a terrible time, I don’t know if you’re just lazy or if you’re that out of shape!”

Gabriella looked down at the floor.

“Sorry Ms. Harnel.” She said.

“Tomorrow you are going to run it again while the rest of the class moves on to something else.”

Gabriella walked into the locker room, it was empty since everyone had already showered and changed for the rest of the day, she quickly showered getting all the dirt from the woods off her and put her gym clothes back on. Then she headed to the cafeteria for lunch.

Lunch was thankfully uneventful, she did however notice many people pointing at her and laughing amongst themselves, some were probably watching the video of her in the woods or the one from the advanced health class.

When the bell for the period had sounded the principal made an announcement.

“All students will report to the auditorium for special assembly, and would Gabriella please report directly to the main office, thank you.”

As everyone headed toward the auditorium, Gabriella made her way to the main office, when she arrived the principal Mr. Winters was waiting along with Ms. Hart and Mr. Adams.

“Hello Gabriella, Mr. Adams and Ms. Hart here told be about this morning and your insubordination.” Mr. Winters said with a stern look on his face.

“We cannot allow this kind of thing to continue to happen, as such you will be disciplined by corporal punishment today and to make sure it sets and example it will be during the special assembly for the entire school.”

Gabriella almost fainted as the security guards from this morning each took her by the arm and started escorting her to the auditorium


Gabriella's First day of Senior Year Part 6  (FINAL)

By the time they got there everyone had already taken their seats, the security guards walked her down the center aisle and up the left side stairs onto the stage. They sat her down on a wooden stool in the center of the stage then took their places at the left and right exits of the stage.

Gabriella tried to shield her eyes from the stage lights that shone down on her, she even felt hot under the lights, she could see however that everyone was looking at her and whispering to each other. Mr. Winters walked out onto the stage and addressed the students from the podium.

“Everyone, please quiet down so we can begin, I want to first apologize for pulling you out of your classes, I realize that this is the first day but this is very important.”

The students all quieted down as Mr. Winters looked towards Gabriella.

“As some of you might know, Gabriella had caused a significant disruption to the school day this morning, she ran out of class, disobeyed instructions from her teacher and worst of all wasted valuable teaching time for her classmates.”

Just then, one of the side doors to the stage opened, two of the janitors walked in carrying a large folding table which they setup on the stage next to Gabriella, they then brought in a large wooden table and placed that in front of Gabriella so that she was at the table’s head. Finally, they brought out a wooden paddle, a riding crop and a flogger which they placed on the folding table.

“Thank you gentlemen, for today’s assembly you will watch Gabriella receive corporal punishment for her actions, it is our hope that this will discourage her as well as all of you from being disruptive in the future.”

Gabriella started to panic as the students tittered amongst themselves.

Mr. Winters motioned to the security guards who approached Gabriella and took her by the arms, they stood her up and made her stand at the other end of the table facing the students.

“If you gentlemen would please prepare Gabriella for her punishment, we can begin.” He said.

The guard to her left grabbed her hands and forced them over her head, the other guard grabbed the hem of her shirt and lifted it over her head exposing her breasts to the students, the guard on the left released one are at a time so the shirt could be completely removed and then held them back over her head. The guard on the right then hooked his thumbs into the waistband of her shorts and pulled them down to her ankles, he knelt down and removed her shoes then took the shorts from her ankles leaving her completely naked.

“Thank you gentlemen, for the first part of her punishment, Gabriella will be paddled on the behind 15 times, gentlemen, if you please.”

The guards forced her to turn around and get on top of the table.

“Get on your hands and knees.” One of them commanded.

Gabriella did as she was told, one guard pushed her down so that she was resting on her elbows, gripping the edge with her hands while the other guard pushed her legs apart until her knees were at the edges of the table.

“Excellent, now Ms. Hart will administer the punishment.”

Ms. Hart walked onto the stage and took the wood paddle off the table then took her place to the left of Gabriella.

“You may begin at any time Ms. Hart.”

Gabriella braced herself.

WHACK.

“Ow!” She cried out.

WHACK, WHACK, WHACK, WHAK, WHACK

Each hit hurt more and more, Gabriella could feel her ass getting redder.

WHACK, WHACK, WHACK, WHACK, WHACK

“Please no more!!” she cried out.

WHACK, WHACK, WHACK, WHACK

Ms. Hart placed the paddle back on the table, Gabriella’s ass was bright red, the burning and stinging was unbearable.

“Thank you Ms. Hart, for the next part of the punishment Mr. Adams will use the flog on her breasts 15 times.”

The guards lifted Gabriella off the table and then turned her around, they lifted her up and made her sit on the edge of the table causing her to cry out from the paint of sitting on her freshly paddled ass.

“Put your hands behind your head.” Ordered one of the guards.

Gabriella put her hands behind her head causing her breasts to rise slightly. Then Mr. Adams took the flogger and took his position.

Gabriella braced herself again and closed her eyes.

SNAP

Gabriella gasped at the pain on her breasts.

SNAP, SNAP, SNAP, SNAP, SNAP

Gabriella had never felt paint like this before, each hit stung her breasts and her nipples so bad she thought they were bleeding.

SNAP, SNAP, SNAP, SNAP, SNAP

“Ow, please I can’t take it anymore!” she screamed.

SNAP, SNAP, SNAP, SNAP

Mr. Adam put the flogger back down on the table, Gabriella’s breasts we dark red, the pain was the worst in her nipples which she could swear were bleeding, when she looked down she saw that they weren’t but was horrified to see that her breasts were so red that she could only tell where her nipples were because were hard.

“Thank you Mr. Adams, now we come to the final part of the punishment.”

Gabriella was dreading what he would say next, surely there was nothing else they could do to her.

“For her final punishment Gabriella will receive 10 whips to her sex from the crop, which I will administer myself.”

Gabriella was about to protest then the guards pushed her onto her back, the forced her legs apart then made her put her feet on the edge of the table so that her knees were bent and then held them there, leaving her pussy exposed and vulnerable.

Mr. Winters left the podium and grabbed the crop.

He took his place next to Gabriella.

She started to plead. “No please..”

CRACK, CRACK, CRACK, CRACK, CRACK

Gabriella screamed out in agony as each hit landed.

CRACK, CRACK, CRACK, CRACK, CRACK

Mr. Winters put down the crop in the table and returned to the podium, Gabriella had apparently passed out from the pain.

“Let this be a warning to everyone that insubordination will not be tolerated.” He said sternly.

Though he knew that he could never do this to any of the other students, after all Gabriella’s mother was the only one who signed the permission slip allowing any kind of punishment they wanted, he still hoped it would instill enough fear into the rest of the students.

“Take her to the nurse’s office, everyone else is dismissed.”

The student all got up and went back to the last class of the day, the guards picked up Gabriella and brought her to the nurse’s office. When she finally woke up she saw Ms. Hart, Mr. Adams and Mr. Winters standing over her along with the school nurse. Worst of all, she realized that she was still naked.

“Hello Gabriella.” Mr. Winters said.

“Hello sir.” She said meekly.

“Now I hope this lesson was enough to stop you from disobeying your teachers in the future.” He said glaring at her.

“Yes sir, it has.”

“Excellent, then I expect to hear nothing but good reports from your teachers from now on.” She said with a satisfied smile. He then walked out of the office.

Ms. Hart handed Gabriella her gym clothes.

“You can put these on now and go home since they school day is over.”

Gabriella grabbed them and quickly got dressed, she winced when the material touched the sore spots where she had been punished earlier but she was just happy to not be naked anymore.

“Thank you Ms. Hart, I’m sorry I caused you so much trouble today.” She said in a defeated voice.

Ms. Hart smiled at her.

“I just hope you learned your lesson.” She said as Gabriella started to walk out of the office.

“Oh Gabriella one more thing!”

Gabriella turned around.

“Yes?”

“When you come to class tomorrow, please come naked, it will save us all a lot of time.” She said.

Gabriella simply nodded her head.

“Yes ma’am”

END
