Glad to be Back

After having been away for several months, I was standing outside the
airport waiting for a taxi into town.  I was seventh or eighth in line 
and my mind was drifting to all of the things I wanted to do with and 
to my girlfriend as soon as we were together.  I suddenly felt a hand 
on the lower part of my back and as I turned to investigate I was both 
surprised and elated to be looking at her beautiful smiling face. 

"I thought you told me last night you had to work, I can't believe your
here!" 

"Surprise, she said, I wanted to be here so I switched with someone." 

We then hugged and kissed and walked hand in hand to the car in which
she arrived and she had so thoughtfully kept waiting.  I put my luggage 
into the trunk and we climbed into the vehicle.  I couldn't help but 
get excited as her short skirt rode up showing more and more of her 
sexy legs as she bent and climbed into the back seat.   As the driver 
put the car in drive I pulled her to me and we kissed deeply.  My 
tongue was feverishly seeking her tongue and my only thought was this 
is exactly what I want my tongue to be doing inside her pussy as soon 
as possible. 

She moaned slightly as we kissed and I knew from our phone sex
conversation of last evening she was more then aware of my desire to 
taste her.  I am sure she felt the probing nature of my tongue as it 
ran past her lips.  As we continued kissing I had my hand on her thigh 
and I couldn't help but let my hand travel the short distance under her 
skirt.  As soon as my fingers neared her pussy I could feel the 
moisture and the heat emanating from her already dripping cunt.  She 
bit down slightly on my lip as my fingertip grazed across the lips of 
her pussy and I then realized she had done exactly as I had asked last 
evening, arrived with no panties and a freshly shaved pussy.  I pushed 
my fingertip inside her and she lifted her ass off of the car seat 
letting me know her desire was equal to if not beyond my own. 

I felt as if we had been kissing for hours but in reality was just a
minute or two.  I could feel my underwear getting wet as the precum was 
seeping rapidly from my engorged cock tucked inside my pants.  I probed 
deep then with my finger inside of her pussy and moved it back and 
forth to touch the walls of her sweet pussy.  My goal at the time was 
to get as much of her sweet nectar on my finger as possible, I had to 
taste her.  When I was convinced my finger was properly coated, I broke 
our kiss and removed my finger from inside her, quickly moving it to my 
outstretched tongue.  I licked and sucked my own finger thoroughly 
enjoying and marvelling in just how delicious this now once again 
familiar taste was. 

She then leaned against me and kissed and nibbled on my ear, more then
aware of just how much this would increase my already obvious desire.  
My ears are always so senstiive and after kissing and licking my 
earlobe, she whispered to me, "I cant wait to have you lick my wet 
pussy, I made myself cum 3 times today thinking of your tongue inside 
me". 

She then reached down and began teasing my cock inside my pants with her
fingers.  She smiled at me when she felt just how big and hard my cock 
was as I am sure she knew it would be.  We then just hugged and kissed 
and teased each other until we arrived at the hotel I had booked. 

After we were checked in, we rode the elevator up to the 9th floor. 
There  were 2 or 3 other people in the elevator but she still managed 
to move back against me and rub her ass back and forth on my bulging 
cock.  As she did so I could tell without even seeing her face she was 
smiling, knowing she had me so hot for her. 

We entered our room and I grabbed her and pulled her to me tight mashing
her large breasts to my chest.  Again we kissed but this time I grabbed 
her ass in my hands and pushed my cock hard against her pussy.  We both 
moaned as we kissed and her hands were then quickly unbuttoning my 
pants and freeing my cock from its confines.  My cock was throbbing in 
her hand as she pulled it free up and over the top of my underwear.  We 
were both still fully dressed with my pants down around my  knees.  
With my cock in her hand she spun around and rubbed the head of my cock 
on her ass and then pushed it lower to make contact with her warm wet 
pussy lips.  She groaned as she felt my dick on her cunt and without 
even realizing it, I was inside her.  She bent forward and held on to 
the armoire as we began fucking. 

Last night we had talked about all we wanted to do to each other but
right now, right this minute, our only thoughts were to fuck.  The heat 
from her wet pussy was amazing.  I could feel her wetness dripping down 
my shaft and everytime my cock would push forward and then withdraw, I 
am sure her juices were running down her thighs as well.  I always 
loved how tight she was and how good it felt to be inside her but this 
time, having been away for far too long, was amazing.  I realized then 
we were both moaning and I was now slamming myself into her as deep and 
as fast as I could.  I was fucking her with my only thought being I 
needed to cum.  This was now not about pleasing her but only to fuck 
her until I exploded.  Selfish I realized but I had to cum.  She 
groaned and said "fuck me harder, fuck me!" 

I could feel my cock expand and grow harder and I knew I was about to
erupt.  I moaned, " I'm gonna cum" and she quickly freed my cock from 
her pussy.  She spun around and bent down guiding my cock into her 
mouth and I exploded with a roar.  She swallowed hungrily and my cum 
poured from me right into her waiting mouth.  I fell back on the bed 
and simply said "wow". 

I then mentioned I needed a shower and undressed finally.  I reached in
my luggage and removed my toiletry kit and also removed another bag I 
had as a surprise.  I said, "this is for you",  and placed it on the 
bed.  Inside the bag was a small vibrator, a seven or eight inch dildo, 
and a  remote controlled vibrating device that I thought might lead to 
some fun. 

After the long flight I was luxuriating under the warm water of the
shower when I heard an all too familiar moan.  I exited the shower and 
walking into the bedroom saw for the first time in far too long my 
girlfriend's beautiful sexy body.  She had removed her clothes and was 
laying on her back on the bed.  One hand was pinching her erect very 
large nipples and the other was holding the vibrator in place on her 
clit.  As she saw me watching, her eyes locked on mine and she moaned, 
"I'm cumming"!!! 

I moved towards her writhing body and watched as her orgasm washed over
her.  Her face flush now and her chest a crimson color as she continued 
to cum.  I picked up the dildo and moved it to her pussy rubbing it on 
her lips.  Her body jerked and she lifted her ass off of the bed as her 
orgasm finally subsided.  I then let the tip of the dildo enter her 
dripping wet pussy and she spread her legs to allow deeper penetration. 
 I began fucking her with the toy and she let the vibrator slip from 
her hand as both hands now went to her breasts.  As I fucked her pussy 
she pulled on her nipples and squeezed her breasts.  She then reached 
down and took a hold of the dildo and removed it from her pussy. 
Quickly she turned over and stuck her ass up in the air then plunged 
the dildo back inside of her cunt.  I sat behind her watching her get 
fucked and realized my cock was beginning to get hard again.  I wrapped 
my hand around my cock and began pumping my cock in time with her 
fucking herself with the dildo. 

I then leaned forward and ran my tongue along her ass.  I reached out
with my hands and held her hips as my tongue seeked her rosebud.  As 
soon as I made contact with her anus she moaned and I licked 
increasingly faster.  It didnt take long before she groaned and I knew 
she was cumming again.  I continued my assault on her ass with my 
tongue until she collapsed down on the bed. 

After we both calmed down, she asked me about the remote control device.
 Since it was wireless, I thought it was something we could play with 
when we were out.  She wanted to know how it worked so I had her stand 
up and slip her legs into the harness.  It was basically similar to 
wearing panties in how it went on but with minimal material.  The small 
patch covering her pussy contained a vibrating egg and the remote was 
the size of a band aid.  While she was standing, I turned on the remote 
to low, it had three settings.  She smiled as she began to feel the 
vibrations and said, "I like this, not sure it can make me cum but it 
feels good anyway".  I had not yet told her it had two more settings.  
I then said lets check the range and motioned for her to walk over by 
the window.  She then turned and walked in that direction and as she 
was doing so I increased the contol to the second setting.  I am not 
sure if I heard her moan first or saw her legs buckle as she stopped in 
her tracks but possibly it was simultaneously.  She then reached out 
and leaned on the window for support as the pressure being applied on 
her clit increased dramatically. 

To giver her a break and to also to tease her, I then reduced it back to
level one.  She said, "I really like this one".  Even before she had 
finished  the sentence, I turned it back to level two and she moaned 
loudly.  I held her there on level two for about thirty seconds and she 
moaned the entire time.  Then I again decreased it back to one and she 
half laughed and half pleaded "make me cum again". 

I told her to stand up and look out the window as the background of the
city lights behind her was an amazing visual along with her naked body 
before me.  I kept the control at level one and she looked out the 
window and straightened up.  She then quickly turned from the window 
and said, "there is a guy on a balcony over there and I think he saw 
me."  I told her to then turn back to the window and pretend you dont 
know he is there, make his day.  She smiled and turned this time making 
sure her breasts were visible and I watched as she brought both of her 
hands up to squeeze her large breasts and play with her nipples.  I 
turned the control to level two and she moaned and I could see her body 
stiffen and shudder at once. 

I asked her if her admirer could see her and she said "I'm sure he can,
he is staring right at me and he's jerking off."  Her words were 
interspersed with gasps for air but she got the message to me.  I then 
for the first time turned the control to level three.  She groaned and 
leaned against the window pressing her tits against the cool glass as 
her body shook.  I knew she was cumming uncontrollably as even from the 
bed I could see her juices dripping from her pussy.  She later told me 
it was a very intense very long lasting orgasm. 

I had shut off the remote control as I watched her cumming and when I
knew from her sounds her breathing was almost back to normal, I asked 
if her admirer was still watching her.  She responded, "he is still 
staring at me and still jerking off".  I told her to then try and get 
him to cum.  She moved away from the window then towards me on the bed 
and I thought she had decided to forget about her voyeur.  Instead, she 
picked up her dildo from the bed and returned to the window.  She was 
standing not entirely facing the window but with her side to the glass 
so I had a view of what she was doing as well.  She brought the dildo 
to her tits and began rubbing the fake cock over her sensitive nipples. 
 Her other hand was now rubbing her clit as she tilted her head back.  
I was not sure if she could be seen below the waist but it didnt 
matter, the sight was still beyond sexy to see.  She then let the dildo 
glide upwards to her mouth and began slowly pumping it in and out 
letting it cross over her lips to her wonderful tongue.  I grabbed my 
cock and began jerking it frantically watching her as well. 

She pulled the dildo from her mouth and brought it back to her tits and
said, "I think I just made him cum".  She then turned and saw me 
watching her and saw my own hand stroking my thick shaft and she walked 
over to me.  She leaned down and said to me as she did so, "cum all 
over my tits".  She then leaned down and licked the head of my cock and 
I grunted and began to pump faster.  My hand was now a blur as her 
tongue licked around the senstiive head of my cock.  My cum then 
erupted and the first burst was on the side of her mouth and her cheek. 
 She then grabbed my cock and placed it in between her tits and the 
rest of my cum splashed out acorss her chest. 

We then decided to shower together and then get dressed to go get
something to eat and then maybe have a few drinks.  I suggested instead 
of a thong, she could wear her remote controlled vibrator. 

The rest of the night, as they say on television, ........to be continued.


