
The Aftermath
(Or What Follow Next)
Chapter 6: Part 1: "Pre-sale Inspections - Toby"

This is a story of erotic fiction meant for adult readers over the age of eighteen years 

Written by Jean-Christophe (Chris)
An archive of my stories can be found at http://groups.yahoo.com/group/Jean-Christophe_Stories 

"The characters and ideas contained in this story are the writer's and shouldn't be used without permission. Please respect the integrity of this story and don't rewrite."

Chapter 6: Pre-sale Inspections-Toby (Part 1)

The only sounds to be heard are Toby's nervous breathing and, whenever he moves, the rattling of the chain attached to his left ankle. He stands on a raised platform in the middle of the squalid room surrounded by the reminders of innumerable, wretched inspections of which his is to be the latest.

Left to stand in the at rest position with his wrists fastened behind his back - considered a necessary precaution by the steward to prevent any unauthorised self-pleasuring - he awaits his first examination with great trepidation. He is aware that the steward has left one of his assistants in the room to monitor his movements.

Fearfully, he gazes around at the general shabbiness of the room; its walls, once pristine white are now a drab, grey colour. The formerly white ceiling is a mottled, smoky nicotine tan, evidence of the countless cigars chewed on and smoked by an eager clientele as they inspected and haggled over the displayed livestock. The air in the room still hangs heavy with their pungent odour. The platform beneath his feet and the surrounding floor are mysteriously blotched and stained.

In front of him is a table on which lies an assortment of containers and bowls -Toby can't even begin to guess at their functions. To one side of the platform there is a raised, waist-high bench complete with a stock for the head and hands and restraints for the ankles. On this bench there is also an assortment of various sized dildos. The sight of these causes Toby to shudder. On the other side there is a waist-high trestle with wrist manacles and shackles for the ankles. Toby recognises this as being similar to the flogging trestle his master uses at the farm. The sight of these fills him with apprehension and he wonders what part they will play in his examination and evaluation.

Suddenly, Dave Matheson and his steward enter the room and Toby drops to his knees in the full obeisance position. He is aware of the slave-dealer slowly walking around the platform looking down on his body. He feels hands running over his shoulders, arms and back before gliding over his rump. Then he feels a finger sliding up and down the cleft between his buttocks and hears Dave Matheson's exclamation of approval. 

"Good! His ass is smooth. There aren't any stray hairs in his crack."

Now, he gives the order for Toby to. 

"Stand and display."

With an alacrity born of many years obedience, Toby quickly jumps to his feet and complies with the slaver's command. He is rewarded with a pat on the ass and patronisingly told that he is a. 

"Good boy."

"One thing I've noted about Andy Trevorrow's slaves," Dave comments to his steward, "is their willingness to smartly obey an order. Obviously they're well trained. Even Harriet Middleton picked up on this during her inspection of the other two slaves. She was most impressed. There's nothing more pleasing to a master than having a slave obey an order quickly and cheerfully. It's very gratifying to possess an obedient slave."

Now Dave stands in front of Toby who, with his hands still pinioned behind his back, respectfully bows his head and lowers his eyes to the floor.

"He's looking good." The dealer compliments his steward. "Removing his body hair certainly makes a difference to him. His musculature is more clearly defined and one can see every muscle outlined under his skin. You've done a good job with this one."

"Thank you, Master. He was easy to work on as he wasn't too hairy to start with. But as you say, the slave looks good. I hope your client finds him so?"

"I'm sure he will. He's quite a connoisseur when it comes to judging prime slave flesh. Of course, he's experienced in breeding slaves; this dates back to his father's time. He's a well-known breeder and he is highly regarded by discerning buyers. His stock always commands top prices at auction. I'm sure when he looks this slave over he'll be bidding for him at Saturday's auction."

Toby listens quietly and respectfully as he is discussed and only flinches slightly as Dave Matheson runs his hands over his front testing the smoothness his body. He shuffles his feet as the dealer grabs hold of his cock and begins to slowly tease it to erection.

"STEADY! Steady". The dealer admonishes him. "I need to make sure everything is in good working order for the client." 

Nodding with approval as the cock stiffens in his hand, he asks the steward. 

"You do have the results of his sperm test handy? The client will want to see that for sure. I trust all went well in the test?"

"Yes indeed, Master. The slave's results are excellent. I've prepared four copies - one for each client and of course, one copy for you. You did say the slave is to have three inspections. Am I correct, Master?"

"Thank you. That's correct. I've scheduled three evaluations; two for today and one for tomorrow."

"Master, can I ask about the inspection of the other two slaves?"

"Yes you can. Their inspections went very well indeed; thanks to your preparations. One client was very impressed and even though the second one was a bit hesitant, I would think they'll be the winning bidders on Saturday. I think those two slaves are in for interesting lives with their new mistresses. Apart from dragging heavy mowers all around their grounds and trotting around town harnessed to a rickshaw," Dave chuckles, "I suspect they'll be required for special night-time duties as well."

"I'm pleased, Master. But what about the fourth slave in the other display room? He also displays well. Do you want to look at him before his inspection?"

"Yes of course. His inspection is scheduled for early afternoon. If all goes as I expect, then by late afternoon, his new owner will be preparing him to service his clients at the casino. Once there, I'm sure he'll prove to be a very popular addition to the casino's stable of pleasure slaves. But let's go and check him out."

"Very well, Master. Do I have your permission to instruct my assistant to give this slave water and to help him urinate? It's still an hour away from his first inspection."

"Yes indeed, I don't want him pissing in front of the client. He also has my permission to stand at rest until we return." Dave answers as he walks out the door and heads towards the other display room.

Toby now stands in the at rest position and is grateful to Dave Matheson for allowing him this concession. At least, standing at rest he is relaxed and his muscles are free from the strain that the display position places upon them. He is also grateful for the water he is given to drink and to the slave assistant who holds his cock and helps him as he pisses into a bucket. For the next hour he is left to contemplate his fate.

                                                  >>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>

Toby feels very much alone. His sense of abandonment by his master, Andy Trevorrow is compounded by feelings of loss and separation from his three, fellow slaves; of course, he's unaware that he won't see the black-haired slave again. Was it really only yesterday that his master had delivered him into this foul place? His sense of separation from his beloved master is unbearable. He still hopes, vainly, that Andy will come to take him home and that this is all a terrible mistake. He is sure that, by now, Andy will have realised that his love for his loyal and trusted slave is more important than money. Surely, his master will be here soon to rectify his mistake.

Suddenly, he hears the sounds of laughter and animated conversation in the passage outside the door. He is sure one of the voices he hears is that of his master. His heart leaps in anticipation. As the door opens, he drops to his knees and, as he assumes the full obeisance position, he steals a glance at the men entering the room His joy is short-lived. His heart sinks as he sees Dave Matheson and two strangers followed by the steward enter. Now his mind is enveloped by feelings of black despair and a sense of hopelessness. Finally, he knows that the longed for deliverance isn't going to happen. Saddened, his eyes fill with tears.

"Is this the buck you think I might be interested in?" A loud booming voice asks. "If so, I like what I'm seeing so far."

Toby is aware of the three men now standing behind him. He feels hands grabbing at his buttocks and squeezing hard as though testing them for firmness. He blushes as he feels a finger travelling from the base of his spine down through his crevice to his anus. The finger stops and begins to excite the sensitive tissue of his opening as other fingers stretch his buttocks apart. The finger continues to explore his hole. Then he is ordered to. 

"Spread your knees, boy."

As he does so, he feels his balls resting in the cupped hand of the man inspecting him. These are jiggled up and down as though they are being weighed and he yelps with discomfort as his cinched scrotum is grabbed and pulled down and out through his parted thighs. He wriggles as each ball is assessed - first, the left one is rolled between fingers and thumb before being gently squeezed; then it is the turn of the right one to undergo a similar examination. Toby is breathing heavily and he is aware that his obscenely, displayed sphincter is puckering with each breath. His shame deepens as he listens to the three men discussing him.

"Well looking at him from this angle, I've got to say I'm impressed. His rear end is as near to perfect as an ass can be. This is the first part of a slave I look at. I always start with a preliminary inspection of the anus to make sure it's sound. If it isn't, then there's no point in continuing the examination. Of course, we'll give him a closer inspection a little later."

The man making these observations is Theodore Russell - known as Theo to friends and business acquaintances - owner of the six thousand hectares of prime agricultural land known as Redgrove Plantation. The fourth generation of Russell's to own Redgrove, he is in his mid-fifties with a corpulent body indicative of the good life and his florid complexion is testimony to his liking of strong liquor. He is also the one with the booming voice. With him is Silas Hacker, his farm-manager and stud-master. 

In contrast to his employer, Silas is tall and beanpole thin. Aged in his early forties, he has a hang-dog demeanour with narrow eyes and thin lips. His face reflects the inherent cruelty of the man's nature. Quick to anger, all the Redgrove slaves know of this cruelty and all, without exception, have experienced its physical manifestations. 

He is, however, a very capable farm-manger and ensures that the Russell family continues to enjoy all the benefits of its considerable wealth. For this he is well rewarded and, as long as the money keeps coming in, he has a free hand to manage the plantation and its slaves as he sees fit.

"What can you tell me about him, Dave?" Theodore asks.

"It's an interesting story, Theo. He was his owner's farm manager until yesterday and I understand a very good one too. I suspect his master is short of cash and has reluctantly decided to sell him. I only appraised him yesterday and saw his potential as a stud. So I made a call to you and several other breeders thinking you might be interested in bidding for him at Saturday's sale."

"I'm glad you did and now with your permission, I'd like to see more of him." 

With a nod of approval from Dave Matheson, Theodore Russell raps out the command to. 

"STAND AND DISPLAY!"

Toby's compliance with the order is instantaneous but this doesn't please Silas Hacker who speaks for the first time.

"Just a moment, Mr Russell. I'm sure the slave can do better than that." Leaning into Toby's face he shouts "YOU CAN, CAN"T YOU, BOY?"

Intimidated and confused, Toby stammers "Y- Y- Y-Yesss Sir." For his answer Toby is rewarded with a cuff to the ear.

"That's the wrong answer, slave. Don't you know that you address any free man who is examining you as MASTER?"

"As you can see, Dave," Theodore laughs, "Silas doesn't take any nonsense from a slave. He makes sure all my slaves are well-behaved, respectful and hardworking."

"How do you do that, Silas?" Dave asks.

"With the whip, Mr Matheson," Silas replies dispassionately, "with the whip and the cane. Nothing exercises a slave's mind more than the fear of a good whipping or a caning. Looking at this slave, I'd say he's been spoiled by his master. Personally, I can't abide a spoiled slave. It takes a lot of effort and training to re-educate him and to refocus his mind back to being a good slave."

"You could be right about him being spoiled, Silas." Dave replies. "I understand that besides being his master's farm manager he was also his `pet' slave."

Silas looks at Toby in a new light as he lasciviously moistens his lips. This action isn't lost on Dave Matheson and he guesses, correctly, that the stud-master doesn't only whip the male slaves under his management but that he also takes his pleasure with them.

"Is this so boy?" Silas asks. "Did your master fuck you?"

Tremulously, Toby simply replies, "Yes Master."

"Did your master ever mate you with his female slaves?"

"No, Master. My master doesn't own any female slave."

"Does it make a difference," Dave asks anxiously, "that he lacks experience with females?"

"Not at all!" Theodore re-joins the conversation. "If I buy him he won't have a say in the matter. He'll do as he's told and if he's mated with a female slave he'd better perform or he'll be punished."

"As you recall Mr Russell, we've had slaves in the past who have been a bit shy at carrying out their stud duties." Silas comments. "But we've always helped them overcome their reluctance. It's simply a matter of standing behind them, as they couple, with either a whip or a cane and encouraging them. A couple of cuts across his ass and the slave soon start humping and thrusting. They quickly learn that they haven't the choice whether or not to fuck. This slave isn't any different. "

"As you can see, Dave," Theodore laughs, "Silas is very practical in these matters. He knows how to get the best out of a slave."

"STAND UP STRAIGHT AND DISPLAY PROPERLY!" 

Toby hastens to obey Silas' shouted instruction. He stands with his body rigidly erect so that his body is stretched to its fullest. 

"There you are, Mr Russell, the slave is now ready for your inspection"

Theodore Russell looks at the magnificent, glabrous body of the slave standing before him. With his wrists fastened behind him and with his hands resting against the globes of his buttocks, every muscle in Toby's body is under strain and stretched taut. 

Theodore's eyes roam over the slave's powerful torso taking in the strength of the shoulders and the arms. As he looks at Toby's heaving chest; he notes the outline of the strong chest muscles as they curve up into his armpits. Fascinated, he watches as the slave's well-defined, abdominal muscles undulate with his every breath- and he marvels at the size of the prodigious genitalia. He determines this is a slave any owner would be proud to possess.

Stepping forward Theo places both hands on the slave's shoulders. Toby stands passively as Theo's hands wander down both arms, pausing to squeeze the biceps, before continuing on to explore his chest and belly; he winces as his nipples are tweaked and a finger is pushed into his navel. He tries to detach his mind from the humiliation of, once more, having his balls hefted and weighed and his cock pulled and stretched. Inevitably, he is soon erect. Then he is told to turn around and the hands cup both buttocks in a squeezing action as if to gauge their firmness.

"Would you continue the inspection please, Silas?" Theo suddenly asks and turning to Dave he adds. "Silas is so much better at these things than I am. To be perfectly honest, I don't like fingering a slave all that much. I really don't like handling a slave's cock. I know it has to be done as part of an inspection and to see if the slave is virile, but I'd rather not do it myself. I only examine a slave if it's absolutely necessary for me to do so. Silas, of course, is used to checking out the slaves on the plantation and what he doesn't
know about a slave's body isn't worth knowing. He has a diploma in slave husbandry and knows what to look for in a slave so much better than I do. Anyway, I'm always guided by him in these matters." 

Then, lowering his voice, he confides to Dave. 

"Between you and me, I think Silas quite likes running his hands over a male slave's naked body and fiddling with his cock."

"So Silas has a qualification in slave management, you say? That's unusual for someone of his age, isn't it?"

"I suppose you're right, Dave. But to his credit, Silas was one of the first to earn the qualification after its introduction into our state's curriculum. Now, of course, it's more commonplace. In fact, my older boy, Ben is studying a combined slave veterinary science and slave husbandry course at State University."

"I've always wondered - what can a university lecturer teach you about slaves on these courses? To my mind, they are too theoretical - you can't beat good old-fashioned know-how and practical hands-on experience. Does your son have much to say about his course?"

"Well, I know he's most enthusiastic about it. In fact, it's hard to shut him up at times. As to what he learns on his course? I believe it's all to do with the physiology and psychology of the slave. The veterinary course deals with illnesses and diseases and how to treat any injuries a slave might incur in his work. The husbandry course concerns itself with the physical control and handling of slaves as well as the more mundane areas such as diet, housing, work quotas and punishment. Ben tells me it's a very comprehensive course. He's a typical nineteen years old lad full of enthusiasm and when he's at home he puts into practice all he's learned by experimenting with our slaves. Mind you, I don't think the slaves share his enthusiasm."

"This whole idea of slave science has come a long way since the introduction of the indentured servant scheme - what is it now - sixty-three years ago? It was before my time, but I often heard my parents speak of the bad old days before the government introduced the `Indentured Servants Act'. There wasn't any doubt in their minds that its introduction saved civilisation."

"I do have vague, childhood recollections of those times, Dave. Your parents were right. Our grandparents' generation was the one that suffered most for the greed and irresponsibility of previous generations. They were left without sufficient reserves of energy or fuel for life to continue as it had in the past. In the years between the abolition of slavery in the 1800's and the `great economic crash', those generations guzzled and gobbled up the energy reserves without any thought for the future. When you consider that, even when precious fuel reserves were critically low, they continued to use it to power their machines and run their transports, you can only view their actions as selfish and thoughtless. And of course, there were the terrible environmental costs for which we are still paying."

"I couldn't agree with you more, Theo. The substitutions of slave power for fossil fuels - what a quaint expression - benefits everyone. It saves the environment, adequately rewards the smart slave-owner and even the slaves benefit. They are fed, sheltered and their lives are given purpose. Their owners for the most part, value their investment in a slave as property, and ensure that he is adequately cared for. And when you consider that the first indentured servants came from the criminal and unemployed classes, you can really appreciate how much society has benefited by the removal of these undesirables. Crime has all but been eliminated and the slums of the past have been cleared and re-developed as housing for decent, law-abiding folk. Given the many benefits derived from the `Indentured Servants Act' it was inevitable that full slavery would be introduced. Even though I was a child when this happened, I remember the popular support given to the government when it amended the `Indentured Servants Act' to the `Slavery Act'."

"There's no doubt about it, Dave - replacing the `Indentured Servants' scheme with the `Slavery Act' was popular with everyone, other than the abolitionists. I remember my father used to complain about the uncertainty of using indentured servants; he always felt that system was unreliable. You didn't have any continuity of labour as the courts were obliged to punish different crimes with differing periods of indenture."

"I've heard about that, Theo. You do hear a lot of old-timers complaining about that aspect of using indentured servants and how it was difficult to control them."

"Dave, the laws governing the use of indentured servants made the scheme very unwieldy and costly. They were expensive to feed, house and clothe as required by law- and of course you were limited to working them for only ten hours a day, five days a week. And you weren't allowed to use any forms of coercion or corrective punishment. They knew this and were always banging on about their rights under the law. At least with mandatory, lifetime enslavement, we slave-owners now have a stable labour force. It's now the sole right of an owner to decide how he works and treats his slaves. Nowadays, slaves don't have rights; only obligations to their owners."

"I suppose the introduction of the `Indentured Servants Act' was a necessary first step before the re-introduction of full slavery. Having indentured servants working in the community did allow people to recognise the benefits of using such a labour force. And of course, once that was accepted, it was easier to sell the idea of full blown slavery to a society desperate for a cheap source of energy. Fortunately, slavery is now almost universally accepted except for a few misguided fools who see it as `evil'. Still, since last year's trials of the `abolitionist five' things have quietened down. You hardly ever hear of any anti-slavery protest rallies anymore." Dave adds.

"I think we can thank the courts for that, Dave. The severity of the punishment handed out to those five agitators is enough to make any abolitionist think twice before staging a protest rally. Now that they know, under the law, the organisers are held personally responsible for a rally that gets out of hand; few seem willing to risk their freedom. They know that the mandatory punishment for such a crime is muting and enslavement; muting to silence their sedition and lifetime enslavement as a punishment. It's a classic case of the punishment fitting the crime wouldn't you say? But tell me Dave; didn't you have the court's contract to sell those five? Do you know what happened to them?"

"That's right, Theo. The court appointed me as its selling agent. What happened to them? Well the two older ones - the ringleaders - were sold as heavy duty slaves. One went to the mines and the other to the quarries. The three younger ones went from being students to becoming slaves. Two of these younger ones, both handsome, prime specimens were sold to a pleasure palace - where, no doubt, they are now kept busy dispensing their charms to a wide clientele. And as for the fifth one; I took quite a liking to him and bought him. He's tethered outback, harnessed to my rickshaw."

"Tell me Dave." Theo asks. "How did he take to enslavement?"

"Reluctantly, I'd have to say. At first he was very sullen and unruly. But with encouragement he soon adapted to his new life. Now he happily trots all around town delivering me to wherever it is I want to go. I'm very happy with him. He's a reliable, honest, hard-working slave. And of course," Dave laughs, "he never talks back."

To be continued.............







