Nude Day - Laura's Story
by aaron1944©


Laura looked across the table at Cindy. The girls had just finished their shift 
at the diner where they worked. "Do you know what Jack wants us to stay behind 
for?" Laura asked, sipping on the glass of orange juice she had just poured for 
herself.

Cindy shrugged. "I've no idea unless he wants to discuss some new working 
conditions, or maybe a pay raise." 

Laura laughed. "You have got to be joking." They watched as Jack, the owner of 
the diner, dropped the latch on the door and came over to their table. He was 
carrying an open bottle of wine and three glasses. He pulled up a chair and 
poured out three glasses of wine. Laura couldn't remember the last time Jack had 
shared a bottle of wine with them after work. There must be some problem, she 
thought to herself.

He seemed a little unsure where to start. "I need to talk to you about 
something." The two of them looked at him expectantly. He took a drink of his 
wine. "It's about next week." 

The girls looked at each other, puzzled. "Next week?" Laura asked. "What's 
happening next week?"

"It's National Nude Day," he said, slowly. The two girls looked at each then 
back at Jack.

"So?" they said in unison.

Jack looked embarrassed and uncomfortable.

"I was wondering if...." He stopped and looked at them. 

Then it dawned on Laura. She looked at him. "And you want us....." 

He nodded before she got the words out. "To join in," he said. Then it came out 
in a rush. He was still embarrassed. "I was wondering if you two would be 
willing to join in. I would make it worth your while."

There was silence in the empty restaurant. The girls stared at each other. Laura 
didn't know what Cindy was thinking but she was secretly excited by the idea, 
although she did not want to show it, well, not at this stage at least. 

She remembered back to last year's event. It had caused a mild sensation in the 
small town of Pollington when the owner of one of the town's two service 
stations had celebrated National Nude Day by having Molly, his attractive and 
well endowed forecourt assistant, serve fuel to the local motorists absolutely 
starker's. 

Before the event Molly was already a well loved attraction around Pollington 
with her stunning figure and long natural blond hair, and the subject of lust 
and sexual interest to most of the red blooded male population of the small 
town. Having her display herself naked for a full day had been an unbelievable 
attraction. 

Business at the service station had been very slow after National Nude Day, as 
almost every male in the town had called in at the station and ogled at her 
fantastic figure as she filled up their cars to capacity. 

Laura remembered she had been dating Michael at the time and they too had called 
in for petrol. They had joined the queue of cars waiting for fuel. It had 
excited her to see all the guys parked in line watching the naked Molly as she 
filled up their cars. Laura's pussy had become quite wet by the time they pulled 
out of the garage, and she knew she would have dearly loved to have been in 
Molly's place. The whole scene had excited them both so much that sex was a 
little extra special that evening when they arrived home.

Cindy, it seemed, was not too happy about the idea at first, but when Jack went 
on to mention the financial attractions, like the extra pay and the tips, her 
ears perked up. Laura knew he was keen to get them to do it, so she made out she 
too was reluctant and managed to get him to put up another £250 each. "Think of 
all the added free advertising you are going to get out of it," she said. Jack 
knew she was right so in the end he agreed. 

Cindy was still not too sure about the whole idea and she expressed her worries 
as Laura drove her home. "I'm still not sure I can do it," she said, "even with 
Jack giving us all the extra cash." 

Laura told her, "Don't be silly, it will be great fun. Sleep on the idea and let 
me know how you feel in the morning." Laura suspected that in the end she would 
agree.

Michael called her up when she got home. He was working away at the moment and 
he usually rang her every evening. When she told him about the National Nude 
Day, he was extremely excited about the idea as she had known he would be. He 
got a kick out of her exhibiting her charms to other guys and they had played 
the game often. 

Afterwards, the sex was always incredible. "I'm going to make sure I'm home on 
that day," he said. "I wouldn't miss that for the world." They both laughed.

That night Laura lay in bed thinking about what it would be like to parade naked 
in front of all the customers, all those horny truckers, and all the guys she 
knew from around town who would certainly be in to get an eyeful of what was on 
display. She felt herself getting hot and randy just at the thought. She wished 
Michael was here to help her out. She reached into the drawer of her bedside 
table and her hand closed around the cool plastic of her favorite toy. She 
sighed as she eased the hard head between her damp pussy lips and groaned as it 
slid easily into the warm wetness. 

The following day Laura was pleased when Cindy informed her that after some 
thought she had decided to go along with the idea. She still had some concerns, 
but Laura assured her that she would look after her. Jack was also well pleased 
with the girl's decision and he immediately got on with organizing some 
advertising for the event. Not only was he pleased about the huge increase in 
business that would come from the event, but also the thought of spending the 
whole day working with Laura and Cindy displaying their naked charms around the 
place was making him hard already. 

Jack had secretly fancied Laura ever since she came to work for him, and he 
never got tired of looking at her, especially when she was leaning over in those 
enticing low cut tops she wore that displayed the firm swell of her breasts and 
the dark inviting cleavage, and occasionally just a glimpse of a lacy bra. The 
though of at last seeing her completely naked was almost too much for him and 
over the last few days he had jacked off in the toilet several times just at the 
thought.

The day before the event he had arranged for Laura and Cindy to finish work 
early and go to the local beauty salon to have their hair done at his expense. 
He wanted them to look their best, not that anyone would be looking at their 
heads. Laura had suggested to Cindy that they make the most of it and get the 
full treatment. She agreed. So they had their nails done and also finally had a 
bikini wax. As they lay side by side on the table while the beautician worked on 
them, Laura commented with a grin that it seemed unfair to cover up just what 
the guys most wanted to see. Cindy blushed deeply.

The girls both looked and felt good after their treatment, and when Laura 
dropped Cindy off at her home, she said she would pick her up in the morning. 
She dove on to her place and was pleased to see Michael's car on the drive. She 
would need him tonight. She was already feeling aroused at the thought of what 
tomorrow might bring. 

When she walked in Michael greeted her with a big smile. As he stood there in 
the hallway, she could see he was naked apart from a rather tastefully decorated 
apron. He grabbed hold of her and gave her a big hug. "You look stunning, hun," 
he said, after their lips had at last drawn apart. 

She looked at him. "So do you," she said with a big grin. "Is this all for me?" 
she asked, rubbing her hand against his large erection that was already 
beginning to tent the apron. 

Michael smiled and nodded. "I decide to treat you to a nice home cooked meal and 
thought it might be appropriate if I served you in the same state as you will be 
serving your customers tomorrow." She nodded approvingly.

"Well, if you will take a seat, Madam, I will begin," he said, easing out a 
chair for her to sit on. Laura picked up a glass of red wine that was poured 
awaiting her. She held it to her lips and watched as Michael walked from the 
room. 

From the rear she got a view of his firm bronzed backside. Yes, she thought as 
she drank the wine, tonight looked like being fun.

Michael had discarded the apron when he returned with the first course, and the 
sight of his almost firm cock jutting out in front of him was almost too much 
for Laura to bear. She knew she would enjoy the meal because Michael was a very 
good cook, but she was certainly looking forward to the dessert. 

The meal was well up to Michael's usual standard and she enjoyed it very much. 
The sight of him sitting opposite her totally naked was an extra attraction. The 
steaks had been wonderful and she sighed as she pushed away her empty plate and 
thanked him. He got up and collected the dirty plates. "Dessert will take a few 
minutes," he said with a smile as he left for the kitchen. 

Laura filled her glass and sipped the wine as she heard him moving about in the 
kitchen. 

When at last the kitchen door opened, her eyes opened wide with delight. He was 
carrying a plate and laid across it was his wonderful, fully erect cock. It was 
made to look even more delicious with its decoration of whipped cream and 
succulent strawberries. He stood in front of her smiling. Laura dipped her 
fingers into the cream and held them to her lips. "I'm going to enjoy this," she 
said with a grin.

She leaned forward in her chair and began licking the cream and sucking the 
strawberries into her mouth. When she had finished she lifted his cock off the 
plate. It was still covered in traces of cream. She opened her mouth wide and 
slowly drew it in, sucking away all the last traces of cream. By this time 
Michael was having some problems containing himself as Laura's lips and tongue 
worked their magic on him. He attempted to place the empty plate back on the 
table but it fell to the floor and smashed as with a groan he erupted into her 
eager mouth. 

She gulped his warm fluids down hungrily. Then she was on her feet ripping off 
her clothes. She needed him so badly; she needed to feel his body against hers. 
They fell on the floor together and he took her there on the carpet, urgently.

After they had sated their immediate hunger for each other they moved to the 
bedroom where he took her in a more gentle way, tenderly exploring and caressing 
every part of her body as her brought her to a high state of arousal. 

This time their lovemaking was more tender and long lasting. Afterwards they 
dozed, still enveloped in each others arms.

Laura was awakened in the morning by the wonderful sensation of Michael rubbing 
his fingers over her pussy. She groaned and pressed his hand hard up against 
her. She looked at him and smiled. "I do love you so much." 

He smiled back. "So much so that you are going to show your pussy to all those 
guys?" he said. She looked at his suddenly stern face. "Do you really mind?" she 
asked, a little worried. 

Then his face split into a wide grin. "Mind? I think it's fucking wonderful, 
watching all those poor guys lusting after your body. I'm going to have a 
holiday." Laura smiled, a little relieved.

He rolled on top of her. She parted her legs and helped him to ease himself 
inside her willing wet hole, and lay there clinging to him as he fucked her 
slowly. He took his time and brought her to several minor climaxes before he 
finally made her cum with an incredible orgasm that wracked her whole body. 

They showered together and afterwards he sat and watched her as she prepared 
herself for the day ahead. There was not too much of a problem deciding what she 
should wear as she would only have it on until she got to the diner. Michael 
kissed her as she left and said he would be in to see her later. She waved to 
him as she pulled out of the drive. 

Cindy was nervously waiting for Laura as she pulled up in front of her 
apartment. Cindy slid into the car, smiling a nervous greeting. As they 
approached the diner, they saw that overnight Jack had had the place decorated 
with bunting and balloons. A large banner above the entrance announced that they 
were actively celebrating National Nude Day. And they noticed that although they 
did not open for business until later, several cars were already in the car 
park.

Jack greeted them with a smile when the came in. He was glad to see they had 
actually turned up. He told them he had brought in extra staff on the bar to 
help out and employed some security staff. He showed them a large prominent 
notice he had placed over the bar that said "YOU CAN LOOK BUT DON'T TOUCH." He 
smiled. "I think that gives them the message. Any problems and they're out." He 
looked out into the car park. "I think you had better go and get ready. It looks 
as though we are in for a rush when we open..." 

Laura smiled and motioned Cindy to follow her to the staff room.

Once inside, Laura began to undress. She could see Cindy was hesitating. She 
smiled at her. "There's nothing to worry about. You are an attractive girl. Just 
don't think about it. Once you're out there, you will soon get used to it. Just 
think about the money." She watched as at last Cindy slowly began to remove her 
clothes.

When they were both naked, Laura looked at her friend. She had an attractive 
figure. Her breasts were slightly smaller than Laura's but they were firm and 
sported dark, erect nipples. 

Laura took her hand and squeezed it tightly. "It's going to be fun," she said. 
"Before we have finished, you will be wondering what all the fuss was about." 
Cindy smiled wanly at her. "Are you ready to face them?" Laura asked. Cindy 
nodded.

Laura led the way out of the staff room and Jack looked up as the girls came 
into the diner. "Fuck me," he said. "You both look incredible." Laura smiled at 
him and could not help but notice the bulge that had already appeared in the 
front of his tight pants. He introduced them to Joe, the security guy, who 
looked a little uncomfortable in the presence of the two naked waitresses. 

Jack looked at his watch. "Well, girls, its opening time, are you ready for it?" 
They both nodded as Joe made his way to the door and unlocked it. There were 
about a dozen people or so waiting outside and they all quickly made their way 
in. Laura smiled at them as they got their first look at the two naked 
waitresses. She showed them to their tables and seemed strangely at ease as she 
stood and took their orders.

Standing before them at the tables, the guys were able to get a close look at 
the girl's attractive bodies and Laura knew that because of the bikini waxing 
she had had done, nothing was hidden from them. Laura was already becoming 
excited by the attention she was getting and it felt wonderfully exciting to be 
walking around the place naked, knowing that all the guys in there were lusting 
after her.

The first couple of hours passed very quickly and even Cindy seemed to be more 
at ease with herself, smiling and chatting amiably with the customers. Just 
before the lunch time rush, a camera crew from the local TV station came in to 
do a story and they got the girls to pose with Jack and some customers. A couple 
of newspaper reporters from the local paper arrived and asked them both how it 
felt to be doing their job naked. They also got the girls to pose for pictures.

Both girls were more than satisfied with the size of the tips they were getting 
and their tip pots were filling up quickly, As the girls became more comfortable 
with their nakedness, they found it exciting to stand and chat to the customers 
without feeling too embarrassed, knowing that the guys could not keep their eyes 
off them.

By the time the lunch trade was over both girls were feeling a little worn out 
and they were glad when the door closed behind the last group and the place 
would be shut for a couple of hours. Cindy made her way to the rest room and 
Laura stopped for a chat with Jack. He asked her if everything had gone okay. 
She smiled. "I think it went down very well." 

"Would you like a drink?" he asked. 

Laura nodded and pulled herself up onto a bar stool. "It's nice to get off my 
feet," she said.

He reached for a bottle and poured out two large glasses of white wine, and 
passed one to Laura. "Here's to a great sport," he said smiling. "I was not sure 
that you would do it when I asked you, but you have both been great." 

Laura thanked him and took a sip of the cool wine. Jack looked at the wonderful 
naked body of the girl sitting in front of him: her firm high breasts with dark 
puckered nipples, her flat firm stomach, and the delightful sight of her exposed 
pussy. The lips, he could see, were slightly parted as she was perched on the 
stool and the sight of the wet pink interior was making his cock begin to rear 
in his pants.

Laura slowly sipped on her wine knowing that he was looking at her. She even 
felt slightly aroused being so close to him knowing he was scrutinizing her most 
intimate parts. She smiled to herself as she allowed her legs to move slightly 
more apart and she saw the sweat break out on his forehead. She slowly slid down 
off the stool. "Well, I'm afraid I do need to go," she said. "I need to shower 
and freshen up before this afternoon." She saw the disappointment on his face, 
so she leaned forward and kissed him lightly on the cheek as she left. A shiver 
went through him as he felt her hard nipples brush against his arm. 

Laura made her way to the staff room and as she walked in, she heard groans 
coming from one of the cubicles. She realised at once that it must be Cindy, so 
she knocked on the door. "Are you alright, Cindy?" There was another groan and 
the door swung slowly open. Cindy was seated on the toilet, leaning back against 
the wall, her legs wide open and her fingers pressed up inside her pussy. There 
was a look of anguish on her face as she looked up at Laura. "I'm so fucking 
horny," she said, "but I can't make myself cum." 

Laura smiled. She had hardly had a chance to speak to Cindy since things had 
been so rushed all morning. She had seen her chatting with the customers and 
guessed that she had overcome her worries about being naked. But that had caused 
other problems and now she was highly aroused and needed some relief.

Laura held out her hand and pulled Cindy to her feet. "Come out here," she said, 
"and let me see what I can do for you." Cindy meekly followed Laura over to a 
long sofa that the staff used to doss (British, means to sleep) down on in their 
rest periods. She pushed Cindy down onto the sofa and got down on her knees, 
positioning herself between the girls open legs. Cindy groaned as Laura's 
fingers began gently caressing the folds of her pussy, and then Laura leaned 
forward and brushed her cheeks along the girl's smooth inner thighs.

Cindy cried out as she felt Laura's tongue dart into her pussy, opening her up, 
and sliding deeply into the warm wetness. Cindy mewed as Laura expertly explored 
her most sensitive areas. While her tongue was still probing and darting, 
Laura's fingers uncovered the hard nub of her clit and began slowly to rotate 
it. Cindy was becoming more and more excited by the expert ministrations of 
Laura. 

Laura stopped licking but continued to tease Cindy's clit. She looked up at the 
girl, saw she was clutching tightly on to her breasts, her fingers digging into 
the firm flesh and pulling on her already extended nipples. She smiled. "Cum for 
me, my darling," she said. 

Cindy groaned again, her body heaved and she cried out. Laura went back down and 
licked up the juices that were beginning to seep from Cindy's pussy and run down 
between her thighs. 

She stayed there until Cindy slowly calmed down.

Cindy could not thank her friend enough. "Oh, God, I so needed that," she said. 
"Spending all morning with those guys staring at my tits and pussy made me so 
horny." 

Laura grinned at her. "And it was you who was not keen on doing it!" She smiled. 


Cindy shrugged. "I didn't realise I was going to feel like this. It's fantastic! 
God, by the end of the lunch time I just wanted one of those guys to grab a feel 
of my tits or push his finger up my pussy," They both laughed.




After they had showered they slipped into their clothes and went out to get 
something to eat. 

They joined the two college girls Jack had called in to work the bar. Sam and 
Ellie where in there last year at college and worked for Jack on weekends. They 
had worked with Laura and Cindy on occasions but did not know them real well. "I 
think you are both very brave to agree to work naked for the day," Ellie said, 
and Sam agreed with her. 

"I don't think I could do it not in front of all these guys." 

Laura laughed. "It's not been too bad. The guys have been great, just happy to 
get a look at us." 

Sam looked across at them. "Yes, but it must feel weird walking around in a 
place like this with no clothes on." 

Cindy smiled. "I can tell you it's quite something. I was not keen on doing it 
at first, but now I wouldn't have missed it for the world. It's one of the 
greatest thrills I have ever had. You should try it." She looked at Laura 
sitting next to her and squeezed her hand tightly. "Thanks for talking me into 
it," she said. 

They chatted together as they ate their meal, while around them, the staff 
prepared the place for the early evening opening. The style of the place changed 
a little in the evening. The lights were set a little lower and the menu was 
changed for a slightly more up-market version.

Jack came over and told them it was almost time to get ready as they would be 
opening in about 15 minutes. Laura and Cindy smiled across at the two college 
girls. "Its been nice chatting but we have to go and get ourselves ready for the 
next shift." 

Sam smiled. "It's been nice getting to know you. We don't have much chance, 
usually."

As they made their way to the staff room, Laura looked around. "The place looks 
good tonight." 

Cindy agreed. "They have done a good job. It looks a little more up market." 

Laura grinned. "Maybe that means we will be showing our bare arse's to a better 
class of client this evening." 

In the staff room the two of them stripped off again. They checked their make up 
and hair and were ready when Jack poked his head in and announced that they were 
about to open. Laura was pleased to see that Cindy was far more eager to get out 
than she had been earlier. They stood with Jack and smiled and greeted the 
customers as they came in where they got some admiring glances. Laura was 
pleased to see that there were now a few women in the place. The morning crowd 
had been all male. She enjoyed displaying herself off in front of a guy who was 
with a woman. It amused her to see how uncomfortable it usually made the woman 
feel.

They were both kept busy serving drinks and meals and Laura failed to notice 
Michael come in until a hand grabbed her. She looked down to see Michael at a 
table along with a couple of his friends. He smiled. "You look fucking 
wonderful," he said. "I've already got a hard on watching you strutting around 
the tables." 

Laura grinned. "It's been great fun," she said. 

He introduced her to the two guys. One she already knew, Lance, and Peter. She 
smiled an acknowledgement at them. Apparently they all played on the same ball 
team as Michael.

She could feel both guys looking at her exposed charms and it did feel a little 
strange being publicly naked in front of Michael's friends. She took their drink 
order and made her way to the bar. Ellie looked at her as she made up the order. 
"You okay?" she asked. 

Laura nodded and smiled. "It's strange, you know. I've been naked in front of 
all these guys today and it's never bothered me. Suddenly, my guy comes in and I 
feel embarrassed." 

Ellie smiled. "I think that's sweet," she said. "At least it shows you care for 
him."

Laura took the tray of drinks over to Michael and took their meal order. Again, 
she had the same sensation. Strange, she mused to herself, maybe Ellie was 
right. 

The rest of the evening passed without incident, and Laura was kept busy. The 
guys all seemed to enjoy being served by the two attractive naked waitresses and 
the tips were great. Laura still couldn't throw off the feeling she got every 
time she had to serve Michael and his friends. 

Things slowed down a little after nine p.m. when the kitchen closed, but the bar 
stayed open for another two hours.

All in all it had been a great day. She knew Jack was pleased with the way it 
had gone and although some of the guys had been a little boisterous at times, 
there had never been any problems. Michael came over and told Laura that he had 
some business to attend to but that he would be back later. "You'd better be," 
she said. "I'm going to need some serious fucking after what I've been through 
today." Michael grinned and leaned over and kissed her lightly on the cheek.. 
"You're not the only one," he whispered in her ear.

Service had slowed down enough for Laura and Cindy to spend some time at the bar 
chatting to Sam and Ellie. Laura noticed that the two of them seemed to have had 
a few drinks. When she mentioned it, they both grinned. "We are trying to build 
up our courage," Ellie said. 

Laura looked at them a little puzzled. "Courage for what?" she asked. Ellie 
looked a little shame faced and passed Laura a crumpled note. Laura read it and 
smiled. The note was from a punter and it offered the girls £100 each if they 
stripped naked for the last hour. 

"And do you intend too?" asked Laura. 

Ellie looked at her. "Well, we could certainly use the money, and you and Cindy 
seem to have enjoyed yourselves." 

Laura smiled. "Have you mentioned it to Jack?" The girls shook their heads. 
Laura guessed that she knew the answer already. Jack would not turn down the 
chance of getting another two girls to strip naked. "If you really intend to do 
it, then I think we should make sure that you get as much out of it as you can." 


Sam looked at her. "And how do we do that?" 

Laura smiled. "Well, you see all these guys around the bar? I'm sure they'll pay 
good money to see you two get your kit off, so if you're sure you're up for it, 
we make them pay for the privilege." 

Sam and Ellie looked at each other. Laura could see they were still not sure 
about the whole thing, but then Sam said, "What the hell, let's go for it. It's 
got to be a bit of a laugh and they're only going to get a look at our bodies, 
nothing else." Ellie smiled at her friend and nodded her head. Laura went over 
to Jack and told him what the two girls intended. As she had guessed, he had no 
objections. He was even willing to start off the collection for them.

Now that the food was finished, most of the men folk in the diner were gathered 
around the bar, although a few people were still sitting at tables, mainly the 
couples. When the word got around that the two young bar girls were willing to 
strip off, everyone contributed gladly to the pot that Jack passed around. When 
it returned to the bar it was almost full to the top. Laura looked at it as she 
passed it over to Sam. "Well, you have certainly got to do it now. There must be 
at least another £100 in there."


Cindy took over the bar while Laura took the girls through to the staff room to 
undress. She watched them as they quickly, but a little uncertainly, stripped 
off their clothes. Then they stood there a little embarrassed by their 
nakedness. They both had good figures, Sam with her large firm breasts, and 
Ellie with smaller ones but well shaped and with large dark nipples. They both 
had been bikini waxed but had dark vee's of hair almost obscuring their pussies. 
Laura nodded. "The guys are going to love you two," she said with a smile. "By 
the way, what size shoes do you take?" 

The girls looked at each other. "5's," Ellie replied, "why?" 

Laura went over to her locker and produce a couple of pairs of heels. She handed 
them to the girls. "Here, put these on. It will make your legs look good." She 
turned and walked to the door. "Come out when you're good and ready." she said 
with a grin. "And don't worry." 

Laura made her way back to the bar. The guys looked around expectantly. Laura 
smiled at them. "They'll be out soon and don't forget it's the first time they 
have ever done anything like this, so be nice to them." 

She was pleased to see that Michael had returned with Lance. She still felt a 
little uncomfortable naked in Lance's presence. They had often been out together 
with Lance and she knew he rather fancied her. Laura told Michael about Sam and 
Ellie and his eyes lit up. "I quite fancy seeing those two naked myself." 

Laura dug him in the ribs. "Haven't you got enough with one naked girlfriend 
tonight?" she asked jokingly.

Just then, the door at the back of the bar opened and Sam and Ellie walked in. 
There was a cheer, applause, and wolf whistles. So much for asking the guys to 
treat them nice, Laura thought to herself. Just then, Cindy came over and joined 
them. "I think the guys have seen enough of us tonight," she said. "Now they 
have a couple of new young bodies to lust over."

Michael introduced Cindy to Lance, and Laura could see from the way he looked 
her over that he liked what he saw. Jack came over and thanked Laura and Cindy 
for all their hard work. He said he thought the whole thing had been a great 
success. He looked across at the crowd around the bar and smiled. "If you two 
want to get off, I'm sure the guys won't miss you." 

Laura thanked him and said, "I'm quite happy to leave Sam and Ellie to entertain 
the customers."

She grabbed Cindy's hand. "Okay, let's go and get some clothes on before he 
changes his mind," she said, dragging her in the direction of the staff room. 
They looked over the bar as they passed and saw that Sam and Ellie seemed to 
have quickly gotten over their shyness. They were happily serving and chatting 
to all the guys surrounding the bar who were all ogling the young, attractive 
and totally naked bodies of the two college girls.

Michael was driving his car and so Laura got into the front seat with him while 
Cindy got in the back with Lance. Michael reached across and squeezed Laura's 
leg. She turned and smiled at him. "I think you both made a lot of guys very 
happy today," he said. 

Laura smiled. "As long as you're going to make me happy when we get home, I 
don't care." He grinned and nodded.

Laura was not surprised when Lance got out with Cindy. She knew from Cindy's 
little performance at lunchtime that she, too, was probably in need of a good 
fucking,

As they drove home Laura leaned her head on Michael's shoulder. "Didn't you mind 
all those guys seeing me naked?" she asked. 

Michael shrugged. "No, not really. In fact, I found it rather exciting, knowing 
that all of them would dearly like to get up inside your delightful pussy, and I 
was the only one that could." 

Laura squeezed his arm. "I do love you," she said.

Then she looked at him. "Would you do me a favor?" she asked. 

Michael looked at her. "Anything for you, hun," he said. 

"Would you take me to Martha's?" 

He looked at her. "Are you sure?" 

She nodded. "Yes, I'm sure, and after what I've been through to day I think I 
want to finish it off in style." 

The idea of her asking him to take her to Martha's excited him. He knew why she 
wanted to go. Martha's was a rather special club just out of town. It 
specialized in the more risqué forms of entertainment and actively encouraged 
its customers to join in. Michael and Laura had been to the place several times 
but never participated.

The car park was already quite full as they pulled in. Michael came round and 
opened the door for her and helped her out. The doorman smiled at them as they 
went in. The place was crowded. Laura was pleased as this was what she wanted. 

They made there way over to the reception desk at the main showroom. The 
attractive red head smiled at them. "Are you sure you really want to do this?" 
Michael asked. 

Laura nodded. "Please," she said. 

Michael spoke to the girl on the desk. She looked Laura over and nodded. "The 
first available spot is in about half an hour." Michael nodded. "You have time 
to go to the bar and get a drink but be back in here in about twenty minutes."

They managed to down two glasses of wine before making their way back to the 
showroom. The girl on reception gave them directions to the dressing rooms. An 
efficient young lady met them and took down their details. "How do you want to 
work it?" she asked. "You can strip before you go on or you can undress each 
other on stage." 

Laura looked at Michael. "Well, I've spent most of the day naked so I may as 
well continue in the same mode." 

The girl looked a little puzzled by her remark but did not question her. "The 
couple in front of you have just about finished so give us time to change things 
around and we will call you on when we're ready."

The girl left and Laura started to undress. Michael watched her before he began 
to remove his own clothes. When he was naked he came over to her and took her in 
his arms. She pressed her naked body against his and kissed him hungrily. She 
broke away and looked at him. "I need to do this," she said. Michael nodded. "I 
feel so bloody horny," she continued. "After what I've been through with all 
those guys lusting after me, I would have loved for you to put me across a table 
and fuck me in front of them, but this will be the next best thing. I want to 
feel the experience of everyone seeing me being fucked." She smiled. "Am I being 
a slut, darling?" she asked. 

Michael shook his head. "Not in my book," he said. 

The efficient girl popped her head around the door. "Five minutes," she said. 

They walked over and stood in the curtained access leading onto the stage. On 
the other side they could hear the sound of voices. Michael put his arm around 
her and hugged her to him. Then there was suddenly silence and a man's voice 
announced. "We have a new couple for your entertainment this evening. Give a big 
Martha's welcome to Laura and Michael." 

There was a round of applause as Laura walked out on stage first. Bathed as she 
was in the bright spotlight, she could not see the crowd watching her, but she 
could certainly feel them out there. She could hear their comments and the 
sounds of their approval at the sight of her totally naked body. In the centre 
of the small stage area there was a curved padded bench. It was set on a slowly 
rotating turntable. She walked over and eased herself up on it. She lay back and 
slowly and deliberately spread her legs. As the bench slowly turned she knew she 
was being openly displayed to everyone in the room.

She began to caress her breasts, then slid her hands down her body and slowly 
began to rub her pussy. She smiled to herself, feeling the juices already 
beginning to seep out. Suddenly, there was a murmur around the room. She knew 
Michael had now come onto the stage. Suddenly, he was kneeling beside her, 
gently caressing her breasts. He ran his hands over her body and inserted his 
fingers into the wetness of her pussy. Laura turned and looked at him "Please 
fuck me, Michael, I do so need to be fucked." 

Laura spread her legs open even wider, allowing him to ease himself between 
them. Then he was rubbing his large erect cock up and down the damp cleft of her 
pussy before easing himself inside her. Laura couldn't believe the excitement 
she was feeling, being publicly fucked in front of all these people, knowing 
they could all see Michael's large cock pumping hard into her willing body.

They forgot about the crowd as they fucked like two rutting animals, and the 
crowd urged them on. They put on a show to remember. He ate her out and she gave 
him head, the crowd cheering as she swallowed everything he pumped into her 
mouth. He finished by taking her doggie style. Her breasts swung and jiggled 
much to the audience's delight as he gripped onto her thighs and pumped his meat 
deep into her body. Finally, when they collapsed on the floor, exhausted, they 
received a standing ovation.

Later, as they showered, Laura looked up at him and smiled. "I don't know about 
you," she said, "but I can't wait for next year's National Nude Day. 








