With everything that happened the day before, Sam is sure that his dreams will be bloody when he finally falls asleep, and he isn’t wrong. He also assumes that they’ll feature Dean, though, and there he is mistaken because the short, heavily muscled and bearded man squatting before the bonfire doesn’t resemble his brother at all.

The Norseman’s blond hair is matted: his beard and moustache long and untrimmed. Healing insect bites and scratches litter the man’s naked body, and scars—wounds from a knife or a sword, Sam thinks—shine oddly in the flickering light. It’s difficult to tell what color his eyes are in the red glare, but Sam guesses at blue.

Snow covers the ground beyond the ring of the fire’s warmth, and beyond that lies a void of darkness. No, not a void: there are eyes shining out from the black. They aren’t human eyes, not reflecting the light like that, but Sam can tell that they aren’t fox or wolf or raccoon eyes either. They’re too high up, ranging from four and a half to a little under six feet off the ground: the height of a grown man.

Sam’s pretty certain that Dean’s eyes would shine like that in the dark.

Tearing his gaze away from the ring of berserkers, he looks back at the man before the fire. Knowledge from countless hours spent searching for a cure nudges him and he knows that he’s about to witness the ritual he read so much about.

Is this real? Maybe. Probably. Sam can feel that part of his mind that brings him the visions thrumming like a car on neutral as it shows him this place: this when. How many years ago? How many miles distant?

Many, he answers himself. Countless and many.

The Norseman throws back his head and shouts a long, guttural string of words into the night. Sam’s familiar with the ritual, so he knows that the man is invoking the nine worlds of the cosmos: calling on the spirits of Niflheim to witness his sacrifice. He has trouble actually follow the words, though. The man’s accent is too thick: too foreign. Then the berserkers surrounding the bonfire take up the chant in a rough cacophony, and Sam gives up even trying to decipher anything.

Into the pulse of the chanting comes a new sound: something far too like a child’s scream for Sam’s comfort, even if he knows better.

An older man with graying hair and a berserker’s shining eyes steps into the circle. He’s holding a rabbit by the nape of the neck, and it’s the rabbit’s screams that are rising above the chanting. It kicks its hind legs wildly, as though it can sense what’s coming, and it keeps making that maddening, horrifying noise.

The blond doesn’t look at all perturbed by the sound as he accepts the animal, though. He’s stopped speaking, although the berserkers continue to chant around him, and he waits for the older man to withdraw before resuming. With the rabbit’s addition, there’s a new note to the ritual: a low threat of violence lacing every syllable of the incantation.

Sam isn’t afraid or disgusted: there’s nothing cruel in the rising threat. Nothing vicious. This is nature at its purest: the red tooth and claw of the beast, the predator triumphant. There’s a primal grace and beauty in the way the firelight licks over the man’s naked body; even the harsh sounds of Old Norse have their own crude allure. The entire scene calls to some deeply buried part of Sam, drawing him closer even as his rational mind shrinks back from what he knows is coming next.

The dream (vision) brings him close enough to see the fleas leaping free from the rabbit’s body as if they can sense their host’s approaching doom. He can see the scar half-concealed by the man’s beard, twisting down his jaw where an enemy’s axe caught him across the face. The fire’s heat beats at him, driving off the chill of this northern, cold place.

Sam’s focus is drawn by the rabbit’s kicking hind legs as they drag deep, red furrows in the blond man’s forearm. Demons enter and exit their victims through the mouth: Sam’s seen it happen more often than he’d like. Animal spirits, on the other hand, need an open wound: they go in through the blood and don’t come out again. Every version of the summoning ritual that Sam has seen has called for the caster to cut his own flesh in order to provide that entry-point, but the Norseman won’t need to: his sacrifice has done it for him.

This is the way it’s supposed to be, Sam thinks as the rabbit twists and digs its hind claws in deeper. The bled and the bleeder.

He remembers, suddenly and with a sense of startlement, how Dean was infected. Cut open by the half-insane berserker before he turned around and opened the man in turn, killing him. And did some of the berserker’s blood end up in Dean’s mouth? Maybe in that first spurt of cast-off?

Sam thinks it did.

There weren’t any words in his brother’s case—no need to summon what was already there—but there was ritual just the same. Sam can feel destiny closing in around him like a noose. Fate laughing at him, inevitable and unavoidable, because Jesus, what are the chances of something like that happening? Moon and blood and wolf and Dean, all colliding together as if there’s a purpose to this disaster: as if something intended for this to happen.

Why? Why now and why Dean? Not for the Arena. Not for Vincent’s amusements. No, as impossible as it seems, there’s something larger at work here.

Sam is yanked from his thoughts as the rising chant comes to an abrupt halt. It’s silent in the circle of light as the Norseman lifts the rabbit to his mouth and bites down. There’s a spray of red and the rabbit’s feet thrum a violent, staccato beat. The man presses the rabbit more firmly against his face, his throat working as he swallows down the rush of blood from its savaged throat. When the rabbit’s feet have stilled and the flow of blood has stopped, he drops the limp body—blood soaking his beard and moustache and staining his lips—and growls out the final words of the invocation.

There’s a roar as the fire explodes outward, enveloping the man’s body. Sam expects him to be burnt, but when it withdraws the Norseman’s skin isn’t even reddened. His eyes are half-lidded in some ecstatic, ritualistic high, and he barely flinches as the fire sends a burst of flame out into the night. Kneeling, he lowers his head and is still. Waiting.

There’s a low murmur of conversation as the other berserkers withdraw and Sam wishes that he knew enough Old Norse to follow along. The few words he does catch are tantalizing because, unless Sam is interpreting incorrectly, these men seem to expect a long wait ahead for the blond Norseman. It doesn’t make any sense. Everything Sam has ever read about the ritual says that the summoning is all but instantaneous. This one has taken too long already, and the dispersing men seem to expect it to be a matter of not hours but days before anything more can be expected.

Maybe this wasn’t a summoning rite after all? But it matched in every other respect, and the parts of the incantation that he could follow were identical to the rituals he’s read about.

The murmur of conversation has died down as the berserkers disappear into the distance, but a new sound has taken its place: a rushing, low noise like a stiff wind through the trees. Sam glances in the direction of the sound—sense of rising speed, and intent—and then tenses in alarm as a black whirlwind funnels into the firelight. There’s no mistaking that darkness for anything but a demon, and it forces itself down the Norseman’s throat before he’s even realized it’s there.

Sam watches the man’s eyes fill with black and grapples with the feeling that he’s witnessing something important: that his mind is showing him this for a reason. But there are too many missing pieces to the puzzle, and he’s too horrified by the way the demon slowly turns its new head to the side and looks straight at him. Looks through the intervening miles and years and sees Sam there.

“You can’t save him,” it says. “There’s already blood on his hands.” It raises its own hands, splashed with rabbit’s blood, and grins to display reddened teeth.

“He would have been useful. Now he’s just going to be fun.” Its grin widens as it tilts its head at a discomforting angle. “We’re going to rip him apart and sow the earth with his blood, Sammy. Just like we destroyed his mongrel friends.”

Sam tries to speak and, in the way that dreams sometimes have, can’t. Frustrated and frightened, he gathers his will to try again and the dream slips around him. Time jags forward and deposits him in an elsewhere and when that can’t be far removed from the bonfire because the demon is still there, bloodied by rabbit’s blood and wearing the Norseman’s body.

The village the demon stands on the outskirts of is a crude thing: huts of twisted branches and small enclosures holding a few chickens and some hairy boars that might be the predecessors of pigs. There are a few wolves moving through the streets, and they pause as the demon steps forward among the first of the huts. Wrinkling their muzzles into snarls, they open their jaws to howl a warning.

Before the sound can leave their throats, the demon flicks its hand. There’s a sickening snap as the wolves’ heads jerk around and their bodies collapse heavily onto the snow-covered ground. The demon glances over its shoulder as if it can still see Sam there and offers him a glee-filled, mischievous smile before making its way into the first hut.

Sam is forced to follow, and although he tries, he can’t turn away from the slaughter that follows. The demon is methodical and silent, snapping necks or slitting throats with a dagger it picks up in the first hut, and it takes the tribe sleeping. Sam’s pretty sure that these are the same men and women who surrounded the bonfire, and he’s certain of it after the demon drags its stolen blade lovingly across the neck of the graying man who brought the rabbit.

Only once does it find a victim wakeful, and when the little boy raises his arms and utters a short, welcoming cry, Sam doesn’t have to speak the language to know that this is the son of the demon’s chosen host. There’s pride in the boy’s face, and curiosity as he asks a question. The demon smiles at him, reaches out as if to pull him into an embrace, and twists the boy’s head clean around to the back.

“The old ways are dead,” it says—perhaps speaking to Sam, perhaps just to itself—and then drops the body onto the packed dirt floor of the hut.

After, it burns the village, leaving the fire to take the increasingly frantic chickens and boars. As the demon stands just beyond the rising flames, it murmurs, “This is our world now. This is our meat.”

It turns its head, looking directly at Sam with fire reflected in its oiled gaze. “You tell your brother. Tell them both.”

Then it raises its hand—flash of light on the crude knife it’s been using, sheen of slick blood on the blade—and drags the knife across its own throat.

“Tell them what happens to mongrels,” it adds, voice wet and ruined. Then the man’s jaw drops wide and his throat ripples as the demon funnels free.

The Norseman has a few seconds to understand what happened, to feel the dripping mess of its throat, before the light goes out of his eyes and he falls to lie motionless in the snow. The dream should be done with Sam—nothing left alive between the demon and the fire and the suffocating smoke—but it holds him there until the fire has spread to the Norseman’s body and is charring his upturned, horror-filled face.

The demon’s words—its promise—follow him into waking.
*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~
Sam sits up slowly, body weary and head aching as though he didn’t sleep at all. Running a hand through his hair, he fights and fails to get the images of last night’s slaughter out of his mind.

Jesus, that really happened. In some distant, frozen part of the world there are bones and the charred remnants of huts waiting to be stumbled across and dug up by an archaeologist. The complete destruction will doubtlessly be interpreted as an attack by a rival war party, and Sam isn’t sure that would be inappropriate.

With difficulty, he shifts his thoughts away from blood and fire and focuses on the demon’s words. Did it really speak to him, so many centuries ago? Could it see that far into the future? That queer, trapped feeling of fate returns, making him sweat.

Sam has never really believed in destiny, but between his realization about Dean’s meeting with the wolf and the demon’s words to him, he has to at least entertain the idea that fate is a real, solid thing. And for some reason it’s interested in Dean.

The thought that Dean’s life—and therefore his own life—has been written in stone since the beginning of time is more than a little unsettling. Easier to focus on other questions raised by the dream: questions that Bobby might be able to answer.

Reaching over, he snags his cell phone off the nightstand. He was planning on calling Bobby today anyway to fill him in on Dean’s situation, and eight fifteen is late enough that he’ll be up and three cups of coffee into his morning.

Sure enough, Bobby picks up on the second ring with an alert, “Sam? You find him?”

“Yeah,” Sam answers and then hesitates, wondering how much to say. How much he can bear to say.

“Thank God,” Bobby exhales in a low, fervent voice. “Is he okay?”

“He’s—” And that’s all that Sam can get out before choking on the weight of his own emotions. The nightmare of last night’s dream is replaced by his memories of his brother from the Arena: Dean standing in the suite again, eyes and face composed into an empty mask. Dean in the cage, shifting his weight from one foot to the other as he crushed the life out of another human being at the whim of a bloodthirsty crowd.

Dean is so far from okay he isn’t even in the same hemisphere.

“Sam?” Bobby says, alarmed. “Talk to me, son.”

“He’s so fucked up,” Sam blurts. Swinging up to a sitting position on the edge of his bed, he drags a hand across his face. “The man who took him is making him fight in some underground ring. To the death. He killed three people last night alone and these bastards have had him for six months.”

“Jesus,” Bobby whispers.

“Bobby, they took the amulet.”

The silence on Bobby’s end of the line is deafening.

Sam swallows to get his throat working again and adds, “He’s still—he’s still in there, man. I don’t know how he’s managing it, but he is.”

“He can’t be,” Bobby says, but there’s an underlying tension to his voice that tells Sam that he wants—badly wants—to believe.

“It’s him,” Sam insists. “I talked to him, and he’s still Dean.” He hesitates—he can barely bring himself to think about the other things Dean’s being forced to do, let alone put them into words—but then makes himself to say, “It might be better if he wasn’t.”

“I hate to sound cold, Sam, but your brother’s no stranger to killing.”

“I don’t mean that, I—” Sam squares his jaw and stares at the oil painting on his wall. Does his best to see the cascade of flowers reflected in the lake’s surface instead of hands on Dean’s skin. Dean’s mouth working on strangers’ flesh. Dean’s disengaged, dead eyes. His words come out in a disjointed jumble.

“They’re making him. With people. For money.”

Bobby’s quiet for a few moments and then he says, speaking carefully and slowly, “I’m not sure I understand what you’re saying.”

Sam’s stomach gives an angry little twist. Damn Bobby to Hell, anyway. Damn him for making Sam say it. But his anger gives him the courage, finally, to open his mouth and lay it all out as bluntly as he can.

“They’re whoring him out,” he says, and although he thought Bobby was quiet before, that’s nothing to what he can hear over the line now. There isn’t even the faint whisper of Bobby’s breathing to tell him they’re still connected. He gives it a moment—more for his own well-being than for Bobby’s sake—and then prods, “Bobby? You there?”

“I—yeah, I’m here. Jesus Christ, Sam.”

The rawness of Bobby’s voice shoves the painting from Sam’s eyes and replaces it with an image of Dean’s back, pale skin speckled with freckles and slick with sweat. Dean’s muscles clenching and twisting as he moves: Dean’s head dropping down with a low grunt as lacquered nails dig into his shoulder blade. Dean’s throat peppered with bite marks.

Anger, disgust, pity, sorrow and hatred snarl and bite at each other in Sam’s chest, and he fists his hand in the bed sheets in a vain attempt to focus on something physical. None of those emotions are crawling around in his stomach, though. No, that’s something wretched and low. Something with eyes as green as his brother’s.

People are using Dean—hurting him—and Sam is jealous.

Somehow, he manages to open his mouth and say, “The place they’ve got him is like Fort Knox. We’re gonna need help getting him out.”

If he concentrates, he can loosen his grip on the sheets. Awkwardly, he gets up and stumbles into his bathroom. The glance he catches of himself in the mirror shows him sweat-damped, with limp hair and a suit that looks like he crumpled it up in a ball and shoved it into the bottom of his suitcase for a few weeks. Red, scratchy eyes.

Fuck, his head aches.

“‘We?’” Bobby says. His voice is sharp: only slightly softened by his gratitude at the change of subject. “You brought Bela with you?”

Dropping his eyes from his reflection, Sam turns on the faucet and holds his hand beneath the cold water. “It’s more like she brought me.” He bows his head and drops a palmful over the back of his neck. Shudders at the shock.

“You can’t trust her, Sam,” Bobby warns. “She’s nothing more than a mercenary, and I know for a fact that you can’t afford her help with something like this.”

Sam utters a short laugh as he turns the water off again. “You don’t know the half of it.”

Whether it’s the water or the fact that they aren’t talking about his brother’s degradation any longer, he feels slightly more centered as he tells Bobby about the role Bela played in Dean’s abduction: about the working relationship she’s still maintaining with Vincent. He can’t talk about Bela without getting pissed off, of course, but anger is more welcome than the mess of emotions he was subjected to before. He paces as he talks, burning off some of the excess adrenaline, and feels the edges of his headache ease.

When Sam finishes filling him in a few minutes later, Bobby grunts darkly. “She’s after something.”

“I know,” Sam admits. “The Colt isn’t enough—not for her to ruin the set up she has with Vincent. But we don’t have much of a choice here: we need her help.”

Bobby sighs. “I know. I just don’t like it.”

“I don’t either,” Sam agrees, and glances at the closed door to his room. He wonders if Bela’s awake yet. Wonders if she’s pissed about last night or still frightened. Hopes for the later but isn’t counting on it.

“Well, I can be there by tonight if you want,” Bobby tells him. “Two sets of eyes are better than one, and like you said: you’re going to need help getting Dean out of there.”

Sam should have expected the offer, but it takes him by surprise. He’s managed to be fairly civil to Bobby on the phone, but he remembers what things were like between them in New York. He still hasn’t forgiven Bobby for lying to him, doesn’t know if he ever will, and he can’t afford to have that resentment distracting him right now. Dean needs him too much. Then again, Dean needs Bobby too.

Well, fuck.

Sam is silent long enough that Bobby clears his throat and continues, “Look, I know I’m not exactly your favorite person right now, but—”

“No,” Sam breaks in. “It’s fine. Thanks. Um. I won’t be able to meet up with you until tomorrow, though. I’ll be—I had Bela … buy … Dean. For me. So that he doesn’t have to—”

“Right,” Bobby interrupts Sam’s painful floundering. “Good. You tell him to hang on.” After a brief pause, he adds, “Tell him I’m ready to keep my promise.”

What promise? The question is on the tip of Sam’s tongue and then, with sharp clarity, he knows. There’s only one promise Bobby could have made Dean that Dean would be concerned with right now, and it’s one that Sam is never, not fucking ever, going to let Bobby keep. Dean had no business asking Bobby to make that promise in the first place, damn it. He’s Sam’s, he’ll always be Sam’s, and who the fuck cares if he’s not quite human anymore?

Sam wants to tell Bobby to fuck off, it isn’t going to happen, Sam’ll kill Bobby first if he has to, but he doesn’t. He doesn’t because it’ll be easier to keep Bobby from putting a bullet in Dean’s head if the man isn’t already on his guard.

“Will do,” Sam says in a voice that’s only a little strangled. Then, clearing his throat, he continues, “Hey, when you were researching for a way to get the wolf out of Dean, did you ever come across anything about berserkers and demons?”

“Berserkers and demons?” Bobby repeats, surprised. “I don’t think so. Why?”

“I saw part of a blog yesterday,” Sam lies without thinking. “The poster claimed there’s a long-standing animosity between berserkers and demons.”

“A blog, huh?” Bobby says.

His tone is dismissive: like most hunters of his generation, he’s never really latched on to the Internet as a viable source of information. He has technology-savvy contacts, of course—one of whom must have helped set up Dean's 'death'—but he prefers to find his hunts through newspapers and word of mouth and does his research almost exclusively in books.

“Well, I’ll take another look, but that sounds like a load of crap to me. They’re from two different mythological backgrounds, and legends tend to cluster that way for a reason.”

“Thanks for checking it out anyway, man. I really appreciate it.”

“Yeah, yeah. Look, I’ll call you tomorrow morning and we can put our heads together. The sooner we get Dean out of there, the better.”

“Yeah,” Sam breathes. His chest tightens with longing as he imagines Dean behind the wheel of the Impala again, Dean with a slight tan and his eyes crinkled at the corners from smiling and Zeppelin blasting from the radio.

Then the image of Dean as he was last night intrudes, and Sam knows that it’ll be a long time before he gets that brother back. Even without the problem the wolf poses, Dean is so damned damaged. What he really needs is professional help—counseling—but it’ll be a cold day in hell before Dean will agree to something like that.

The full weight of responsibility crushes down on Sam and it's too much—he's only one person, he has his own demons to deal with, and he’s probably the least impartial person in the entire world when it comes to Dean. He struggles with it, fighting to keep his lungs filled and his heartbeat steady. He can't let himself think this way: can't handle everything in one, disastrous lump.

One thing at a time, he tells himself. Get him out before you start panicking about fixing him.

Sam takes a deep, centering breath, and his thoughts obediently slow. Giving his head a shake, he says, “Thanks again.”

“You hang in there, Sam,” Bobby responds. “We’ll get him back.”

Sam holds onto the phone after he hangs up, turning it over in his hands and running his thumb over the smooth plastic. Then, with an abrupt movement, he tosses it onto the bed and heads into the shower. He does his best not to think of anything as he washes off the sweat from last night’s dream—nightmare, really. He succeeds in shaking off thoughts of blood and beetle carapace eyes, but Dean is another matter.

He can’t help imagining his brother undressing in front of some stranger, revealing scars that have no meaning for them: marks that are just a decoration, something to get a vicarious thrill over. Imagines a hungry mouth sucking at the shiny, puckered circle on Dean’s thigh where the ghost of a Confederate soldier ran him through with a bayonet—not rejoicing in the fact that Dean’s still here, that he made it through another crappy hunt, but worshipping the pain he went through: getting off on it.

No permanent damage, Sam remembers Hank saying, and Jesus Christ there’s so much grey area there that Sam has to lean his forehead against the wall until the urge to puke passes.

Don’t think about it, he tells himself fiercely, and digs around in his memory until he catches on the aftermath of a hunt. The memory is a little faded with the passage of time, but the fall of water around Sam’s shoulders brings it back clearly enough.

The kelpie went down hard, doing its best to take at least one of them with it, and when the hunt was over and the kelpie was dead at the bottom of the lake, he and Dean had ended up in the shower together. There wasn’t anything sexual about it—at ten Sam was too young and Dean was never wired that way to begin with—which makes it a sanctuary from the lurid images his masochistic mind keeps presenting him with.

That shared shower was an order from their father, Sam remembers. He’d been too woozy from being tossed headfirst onto the ground to be trusted in the bathroom on his own, but reeking too strongly of decaying flesh and wet horse for the shower to wait. John needed to go out and pick up some more supplies for their first aid kit, which left Dean playing nursemaid as usual. Dean wasn’t in great shape either—nursing bruised ribs and a sprained ankle—but he hadn’t argued beyond an annoyed roll of his eyes.

Sam remembers being a little nervous that Dean would be angry with him—it sucked when Dean got angry because he stopped talking to Sam almost completely—but once they were in the shower Dean wouldn’t shut up. Kept up a low, soothing patter while the water pounded into Sam’s skin: clean and so unlike the frigid, algae-choked lake. He talked about stupid crap—who’d win in a fight, Batman or John McClain; whether Dave Mustaine had played his best with Metallica or was better off in Megadeth; the chick in his sixth period English class who had let him feel her up in the girl’s locker room after school. Keeping Sam awake and with him.

Sam lets the memory of Dean’s voice wrap around him now and take the bitter jealousy and the guilt and the sorrow away. Feels the phantom-memory of Dean’s shoulder bumping his as Dean reached for the shampoo: Dean’s hand catching his arm when he lost his balance getting out and proved Dad right by almost cracking his head open on the bathroom floor.

By the time he finally climbs out of the shower, Sam is as calm as he’s going to get, and he lets go of the memory with a twinge of regret. Much as he wants to, he can’t hide himself in the past when Dean is hurting and needing him in the here and now. Some of the dark mood stirred up by both the dream and his talk with Bobby overtakes him again as he dresses—his own clothes rather than the uncomfortable suits Bela bought him yesterday—but they’re bearable.

Grabbing his cell phone off the bed and shoving it into his back pocket, Sam takes a deep breath and goes in search of Bela.