Since Sanjay was 2
5 he had always wanted to fuck his mom. Mala was a real knockout, dark brown skin, nice firm ass and two tits that were awesome to look at. They were Indian so Sanjay always thought he would never get the chance to fuck her. So instead he saved incest stories on his computer and printed them out to take them to his room and masturbate on later. It just so happened one day that when Mala was clearing his room and taking his bed covers off, she noticed some papers sticking out from under the bed. After leafing through a few pages, her eyes widened with shock as she realised what she was looking at. She thought to herself, "Sanjay dreams about fucking me?" it was incredible and at the same time it made her quite horny. After thinking about it for a while, she decided to go ahead and satisfy Sanjay's and her own sexual needs. As her husband had passed away some time ago, she had not had sex for ages and could only relieve herself through daily masturbations on her bed.

That night Sanjay came through the front door saying "Amma, I'm back from school" "just a minute son" came the reply and Mala strolled into the room. Sanjay stopped what he was doing and stared at her with his mouth open. She looked so hot! She was wearing a pink silk nightie with a very low cut so an ample amount of cleavage was seen. In addition to that it was very high up so a lot of her sexy legs were visible too. Sanjay could feel his cock grow rigid in his pants as he gazed at his mom in wonder. "Back so soon son? I was just gonna prepare dinner. Come into the kitchen so we can talk." Dazed, Sanjay followed his mom into the kitchen watching her sexy ass sway as she walked. He sat down glad that he was finally able to conceal his erection. He watched her as she made the dinner. She bent over quite a few times and as he looked he could see nearly all her beautiful tits in their full glory. Finally she came over to him and bent over him as she served the food in his plate. All he could look at was her tits as they gently went up and down as she breathed. Suddenly she looked up and caught him staring at her breasts. "you like that do u sweetie?" All Sanjay could do was nod. "well I know your into incest son, so I wanna help u realise your fantasies. Are you up for it darling?" Once again Sanjay, not able to believe his ears could only nod. "good sweetie, now go into my bedroom, I'll be there in a sec."


Sanjay quickly ran upstairs pulling his clothes off as he went until all he was left with was his underwear. As soon as he lay on the bed, his mom came in and climbed on top of him. She slowly took her nightie off and only then was Sanjay able to see her in her full glory. "Amma you look so sexy, I wanna fuck you right now" said Sanjay, hardly able to believe what he was seeing. "No son," said Mala. "First I wanna get your cock in my mouth and suck it!" Hearing this nearly made Sanjay blow his load, as he was so horny! He quickly pulled his undies down and his 8-inch cock sprang out to attention in front of his mothers face. "Oh son, that's quite a cock you got there! Let Amma take care of it for you!" saying this she grabbed it by the head and slowly guided it into her open mouth. "Ahhh Amma that feels so good" "suck it more!" Sanjay felt so good! This was the first time he had ever gotten a blowjob and he loved it! After a while of sucking his cock, Mala pulled out and said "Sanjay, I'm horny now so put your cock deep inside my wet pussy! Hearing this made him go crazy! He grabbed Mala by the thighs and shoved her onto his throbbing penis, making her scream! "Wow Amma! You're so tight! God that feels good!" "Oh sweetie, keep fucking me harder! It feels so good!" They kept at it with Mala moaning and groaning and screaming as Sanjay pounded her wet pussy with his huge cock! Suddenly, Mala yelled out, "Oh Sanjay I'm cumming! OH SWEETIE! YES YES YES YES OH BABY! AHHHHHHH!!!!!!! Soon her orgasm subsided and she was left gasping in pleasure at what she had just felt. Finally Sanjay could take no more, "Amma I'm cumming too baby! Im gonna cum deep inside u! Oh baby! OHHH YEEAHHH!!!! He shouted as he felt his sperm shoot deep inside her, filling her pussy up with his manhood!

Slowly they both got off each other and then collapsed on the bed exhausted! Mala looked at her son and said, "sweetie, that was the best fuck I ever had! Lets never stop