Author: mypenname3000
Title: Winning a Genie Harem Chapter 14: Cherry Harem Delights
Summary: It's time for the virgins in Corey's harem to lose their virginites!
Keywords: mf mff mF Ff ff inc oral anal toy 1st voy exhib orgy inter

Copywrite 2020

Visit my blog at http://mypenname3000.com

Note: Thanks to Alex for beta reading this!

Characters

Main Characters

Corey Derrickson: High school senior, friend of Kyle Unmei, given the chance to marry one of four genie, each from a different tribe, if he can find them at St. Maria Theodora Catholic School!
Aleah Buckley: Corey's first sex slave. High school senior. He claimed her after Kyle suggested she'd be a good candidate for starting Corey's harem.
Tania Buckley: Aleah's younger sister. Corey's second sex slave. High school sophomore. Seduced into the harem by Aleah.

Students

Asra Duff: Senior at St. Maria Theodora, in Corey's Philosophy and PE. Thought to be a lesbian, the goth girl is actually a Ghul who wants to get Corey expelled.
Bettie Black: Senior at St. Maria Theodora, in Corey's English and History classes. A spoiled princess dripping for a man to take her in hand. Now his sex slave. She is revealed to be the Jann
Briana Hamilton: Senior at St. Maria Theodora, in Corey's English and PE classes.
Brenda Nevada: A senior at St. Maria Theodora, in Corey's Math and Chemistry classes.
Debbie Goffe: Sophomore at St. Maria Theodora.
Franny Keighley: Junior at St. Maria Theodora.
Jennifer Nielson: Junior at St. Maria Theodora.
Hallie Hunt: Senior at St. Maria Theodora, in Corey's English and Chemistry classes.
Havva Najjar: Senior at St. Maria Theodora, in Corey's Math class. After eating her pussy and seeing her submissive nature, Corey suspected she was the Jann but was wrong. She is also his sex slave.
In'am Alfarsi: Junior at St. Maria Theodora. A slutty Arab girl who waited naked in Corey's locker room eager to enjoy the only boy at school. Corey suspected she was the Si'lat but was wrong. Now his sex slave.
Lisa Comstock: Senior at St. Maria Theodora, in Corey's Math class.
Megan Scrivenor: Junior at St. Maria Theodora.
Nadia Rivers: Senior at St. Maria Theodora, in Corey's PE class. Challenges Corey to a hot race. When he caught her, he claimed her. Now his girlfriend. She is revealed to be the Marid.
Natiqua Osbourne: Senior at St. Maria Theodora, in Corey's Math class.
Regina Florence: Girl who moved in next door to Corey, sophomore at St. Maria Theodora. In Tania's math class. Is seduced by Tania and becomes Corey's girlfriend. She is revealed to be the Si'lat.
Pita Reyes: Senior at St. Maria Theodora, in Corey's Philosophy and Chemistry class.
Ritsuko Takayama: A Sophmore at St. Maria Theodora.
Rita Pickle: Junior at St. Maria Theodora.
Sheila Thorne: Senior at St. Maria Theodora, in Corey's History and PE class.
Tammy Fredrick: A Senior at St. Maria Theodora, in Corey's Math and PE Class
Ursula Bannister: A Senior at St. Maria Theodora, in Corey's Chemistry class.
Vanessa Shearer: A Senior at St. Maria Theodora, in Corey's Math and Chemistry classes. After her private study with Corey, now she's his girlfriend.
Zahia Qadir: A Junior at St. Maria Theodora. A submissive, Arab Christian that is eager to learn naughty things from Corey. Now his girlfriend. She was suspected to be the Marid.

Faculty

Mrs. Abigail Reynolds: A teacher at St. Maria Theodora.
Ms. Allie Reid: Corey's English teacher and the librarian at St. Maria Theodora. A naughty teacher doing wicked things with Corey. Now his girlfriend. She is revealed to be the Ifrit.
Coach Denise Bennett: Corey's PE teacher at St. Maria Theodora.
Mrs. Donna Blackwood: A philosophy teacher at St. Maria Theodora.
Sister Anna Petra: A nun and Corey's Chemistry teacher at St. Maria Theodora.
Sister Doris Suzette: A nun and teacher at St. Maria Theodora.
Sister Ester Sarah: A nun and Corey's Math teacher at St. Maria Theodora.
Sister Francis Jean: A nun and Corey's History teacher at St. Maria Theodora. Her true desires have been uncovered and she no longer tries to stop Corey. She has submitted to his desires.
Sister Nova Victoria: A nun and new headmistress at St. Maria Theodora. She was suspected to be the Ifrit but Corey was wrong. Now his sex slave.
Ms. Valerie Terrence: A teacher at St. Maria Theodora.

Aleah Buckley Wednesday, September 9th

Corey was going at it hard with the genies. They were writhing on the bed, just fucking each other with passion. The smack of flesh, the gasps and moans as the four genies tried to win his affection. The sounds were so hot and naughty. They made me so wet and excited.

It was fun playing with Sister Nova Victoria. The Arabic headmistress was a delight to enjoy. And while licking pussy was fun, I believed the rest of the harem needed more. While Corey was out trying to deal with Asra, I had explored our new room. I found a cabinet full of sex toys.

I knew that wasn't standard for the college. One of the genies who put this room together had clearly thought ahead. I marched over to it and opened it. I smiled at the sight of all those substitutes for Corey's cock. 

I mean, they couldn't replace his dick, but he only had one of them and there were so many of us. It was only right that we'd get something to tide us over. My sister grinned at me as I grabbed a hot-pink, rubbery double-headed dildo. 

I thrust it up in the air and moaned, Mistress Jennifer, may I use this on you?

Jenniferone of the girlfriends and not a sex slave like my sister, Havva, Sister Nova Victoria, In'am, and Sister Francis Jeanshuddered. Vanessa, one of the other girlfriends, goggled at what was in here. She darted over and pulled out a strap-on attached to a fleshy harness. 

In'am, fuck me with this, Vanessa said and threw it at the busty Arab slut.

Yes, Sayida, said In'am. She it stepped into while I stared at Jennifer.

She pulled away from Havva eating her pussy and blinked. Oh, wow, how do we even use this together?

Well, I put it in your pussy and then mine and then we work it in and out of each other, I said, advancing on her. We can both kneel on our hands and knees with our asses each other, or we can lie on our back and scissor our legs together like we're tribbing.

Ooh, that way, Jennifer said. Uh, slave. You will use it on me that way.

Yes, Mistress Jennifer, I purred, my pussy drooling with excitement.

I advanced on her, my small breasts jiggling. I passed In'am adjusting the last of the straps, looking at Vanessa with heat in her eyes. Zahia was now perusing the cabinet. She motioned for Havva and the pair of them were staring at the toys in shocked delight. They were both sheltered, Arab girls. I bet the sights in the cabinet were making their heads spin.

Can I sit on my sister's face and make her eat my pussy, Mistress Jennifer? asked Tania. Enjoy some sisterly love?

Oh, my, gasped Jennifer. It's so kinky that you two are sisters.

Right! I said, an incestuous thrill rushing through me. 

I sank down on my back. My breasts jiggled. My pussy leaked out juices while my cunt grew hungrier and hungrier. Jennifer was already sitting down on a few of the pillows that the genies had provided. I glanced at the bed and shuddered at the sight of Corey fucking those beauties hard. 

He was such a stud. I had no idea which one he would choose. Ms. Reid, the Ifrit, was such a sexy teacher, but Bettie was fun, too. 

I thrust the dildo into my cunt. I shuddered as it slid deeper and deeper into my juicy twat. The air brimmed with feminine energy. I glanced over and smiled at Sister Francis Jean watching us all with frustration on her mature face. The nun wore her wimple and veil and nothing else. She rubbed at her belly, forbidden to have fun because she'd been a bitch to Corey.

Tomorrow, she'd get to have some fun.

I sank down on my back, the dildo thrusting from my cunt. It wiggled and swayed before me. I worked myself towards Jennifer, sidling closer and closer to the sexy girl. Her short, brown hair spilled around her eager face. Her round breasts rose and fell with her breaths. She was a year younger than me and a year older than Tania. Dimples shone on her cheeks as she grinned at me. I aimed the other end of the dildo at her brown-furred muff.

Mmm, get that dildo in Mistress Jennifer, moaned my sister. She squeezed her round tits, bigger than mine. My little sister should not have larger tits than me, yet she did. Her green eyes smoldered behind her glasses. She wore her black hair in pigtails just like I had my dark-red locks. They brushed my shoulders as I scooted closer to Jennifer.

The dildo nuzzled into her pubic hair. Then it pressed into her pussy lips. I felt the shaft sliding deeper into my twat. I groaned, clenching down on it as I scooted closer and closer to her. More and more of the toy vanished into her cunt.

She moaned. Her breasts shuddered. She shifted as I pressed the dildo into her cunt while enjoying the stimulation in my own. Our legs scissored together. I leaned back on my elbows, working it down into her pussy. She engulfed more and more. Our pussy lips came closer and closer.

Her furry bush rubbed into my shaved twat. I gasped, my small breasts jiggled. My sister grinned at us. She grabbed her piercings and tugged on them. She twisted those gold rings, a match to my own, and pleasure flashed across her fifteen-year-old face.

Oh, yes, yes, Tania moaned. Mmm, rub those pussies together, sis. Please our Master's girlfriend.

Yes! gasped Jennifer, her hips rotating, rubbing her ticklish bush against my pussy lips and twisting the dildo around inside of me.

I gasped at that pleasure. It rippled through me. My pussy clenched down on it. I stretched out on my back, staring up at my sister playing with her gold nipple rings. My own hips rotated, stirring my cunt around the dildo and grinding my shaved twat into Jennifer's furry muff. My clit throbbed, tickled by her hairs and then brushing over her hot pussy lips.

Jennifer moaned and tribbed me back, the double-headed dildos shifting around inside of me. My pussy lips, spread around the toy, rubbed into her cuntlips similarly stretched wide. It was incredible to experience.

I loved it.

My sister groaned and then she straddled my face. She lowered her cunt down to my lips. That shaved snatch came lower and lower. In the background, In'am fucked Vanessa. Zahia, Havva, and Sister Nova Victoria were giggling over one of the toys they found.

My sister settled her incestuous twat on my face. This was the first pussy I'd ever licked. The first girl I shared with my Master. She was special to me. We came from the same womb. Her tart juices filled my mouth before my tongue could even swipe out to enjoy her forbidden twat.

Sis! she moaned, squirming her hips from side to side. She ground her cunt on my face.

My tongue thrust into her pussy's depths while I ground my snatch against Jennifer's. Tania moaned, her sheath clenching around my tongue while her incestuous juices soaked my lips and spilled into my mouth.

Jennifer whimpered. She tribbed me, stirring that dildo between us. The sounds she made rose over the others. Corey groaned in the background, fucking those genies on the bed. Flesh smacked flesh all over the room. Girls gasped in orgasmic delight.

My own orgasm built and built as I tribbed with Jennifer. The dildo stirred around in my pussy, both our movements stimulating my cunt walls. The building pleasure had me grabbing Tania's thighs and feasting on her pussy. I devoured my sister's cream, reveling in this forbidden passion. It was delicious to experience.

I was glad to enjoy it while my clit brushed into Jennifer's.

Oh, wow, Aleah! gasped Jennifer. This is fun.

Mmm, she's loving it, Mistress Jennifer, gasped my sister. She squirmed on my face, grinding her shaved twat on my hungry mouth. She's got her tongue wiggling around inside of me.

Lucky you, Jennifer moaned. Slave.

I am a slave, Mistress Jennifer, Tania moaned. My sister's snatch rubbed against my pussy as she rotated her hips. Her cute rump flexed before my eyes. I love it. I'm proud to be Corey's. I wear his collar. That's the most beautiful thing in the world.

I felt Corey's collar around my neck. Tight. Proclaiming who owned me. It was a beautiful thing to wear. I shuddered, my cunt clenching with the delight of that. My hips rotated from side to side, stirring that wonderful dildo around inside my cunt.

My heart pumped fast. Hard. The wild beat surged rapture through me. My pussy clenched down on the dildo. I groaned as I ground on Jennifer's snatch. Her ticklish pubic hair caressed my clit. My cuntlips. The pleasure surged through me. It was incredible to enjoy her as I feasted on my sister's snatch.

My orgasm built and built. Jennifer grabbed my right thigh. She pressed it against her breasts, her hard nipples caressing over my calf. She moaned, grinding faster, harder. She built my orgasm with her aggression. My clit throbbed. Pulsed.

Yes, yes, Mistress Jennifer! Tania moaned, her incestuous snatch coating my face in her juices. Trib her! Use my sister to make you cum! She's yours to play with. You're Corey's girlfriend!

We're all his girls in one way or another! Jennifer moaned. But... but... I will. Aleah!

Hot juices bathed my cunt. I gasped into my sister's twat as Jennifer's cream soaked my snatch. My cunt clenched down on the dildo shifting through me. My clit burst with sparks. I moaned into Tania's twat. I sucked on her clit as the pleasure surged through me.

I joined Jennifer.

Yes! I moaned, my cunt juices gushing out of me around the rubbery shaft buried in my twat. My cream mixed with Jennifer's bathing both our vulvas.

My pussy went wild around the dildo. My snatch convulsed and spasmed, the pleasure rushing through my body. It bathed my mind. Drowned me in ecstasy. I moaned into my sister's cunt. I bucked on the ground, my tongue rooting around in her incestuous depths. I feasted on her. Devoured her.

Stars burst before my eyes. They focused on my sister's cute ass flexing before me. Her dimpled rump clenched. My pussy spasmed around the dildo shifting in me as Jennifer bucked and moaned out her pleasure.

Oh, sis! gasped Tania. Oh, fuck, yes, Aleah! That's amazing. Such a treat for me to enjoy. Ooh, you're going to make me cum so hard. Oh, yes, yes! That's wonderful. My pussy is melting. You're driving me wild. Love you!

Her pussy juices gushed into my mouth. My sister came with passion. Her butt-cheeks clenched. My tongue lapped up her incestuous cream while my own orgasm hit that wonderful peak. I floated there, licking up her delight while my own pleasure buzzed into euphoria.

Oh, my god, that was amazing, panted Jennifer. What other toys are in that shelf?

Let's find out! Tania moaned as she squirmed on my pussy. Corey's busy!

Yes, he was. I was so glad for that, too.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Corey Derrickson

The orgy was over.

I panted, surrounded by the four genies. They were insatiable. Ms. Reid lounged against the far post, her large tits rising and falling. Her fiery hair fell about her smoldering face. Nadia lay stretched out on her back, her toned legs twitching beside me. Regina and Bettie knelt side by side, their faces smeared in pussy cream. Bettie's round breast rose and fell, her brassy hair falling about her hungry face. Regina's blonde pigtails framed her more innocent features, her glasses perched daintily on her nose.

I still thought their roles should be reversed. Regina should be the sweet and innocent Jann not the slutty Si'lat, and Bettie...

So, how do you choose? Regina asked.

Yes, yes, who? asked Bettie. And why is it me, Master? She stroked her throat like she was touching the collar she'd wear once I claimed her as my sex slave.

Let the man think, Ms. Reid said. Honestly, aren't they a pair of pushy sluts. I'd expect more decorum from a Jann. Where did the Sultan find you? Rutting in a brothel?

I came to Corey a virgin, Bettie said.

In the pussy, I said, grinning at her. How many cocks did you take in the ass.

Do you want to know? she asked, arching an eyebrow at me, her hazel depths sparkling with flecks of green and gold.

Not really, I said. How long do I have to choose?

End of the school year, said Nadia. But you should know long before that.
So I have that long to enjoy all four of you? I asked, grinning. Months and months of fucking you and using you.

Making us suffer while we wait to find out who you love, Regina asked, her face looking so troubled in the cutest way possible.

Months of enjoying you four with the others, I said, stroking her thigh. How can I choose? You're all amazing. I glanced over at the other girls. Zahia shuddered as Havva used a thin dildo on Zahia's asshole. Now I have other business I have to attend to tonight. One of the last cherries in the harem needs popping.

As if Zahia realized I was talking about her, or that she merely felt my gaze on her, she turned her head, face twisted in passion, and gave me a curious look. She still wore her tartan headscarf modestly covering her hair. The Arab Christian trembled, rocking back into Havva using the slender dildo on her.

Go play with the rest of the harem, I said. I'll make my choice when I can figure out which one of you I like more. You're all too perfect in your own way.v
Nadia broke into laughter.

My mind still mulled over it. I could only pick one to be my wife... Kyle's gift to me was turning more and more into a burden. I wanted to be greedy and keep them all. They were amazing. I was falling in love with all of them like I had with the rest of the harem.

I stood up and walked over to Zahia. She gasped and stood up, trembling. Havva didn't have the dildo in her hand any longer. Zahia's round breasts jiggled. Her glasses shifted on her nose. She had such intelligent eyes. More like a Marid than Nadia turned out to be.

It's time for your next lesson, I said, taking her hand and, out of a strange impulse, brought it to my lips and kissed it.

Her dusky cheeks blushed darkly. I was hoping for that. I seem to be the only one who hasn't.
I glanced at Sister Francis Jean in the corner, trembling, suffering while watching the fun. Oh, there's still her.

Zahia shuddered. She looks like she's in pain.

It's good for the soul, I told her and brought her to the bed, my cock throbbing hard. She'll be all the more eager and affectionate come tomorrow.

I had ideas on how to pop her cherry. Bold ones. Wild ones. My cock ached at the ideas surging through my mind.

I escorted Zahia to the rumpled bed. The genies were moving around. Betty had found a big butt plug and was eyeing Aleah suggestively while Regina had claimed Tania and a big vibrator. Ms. Reid kissed Sister Nova Victoria, their large tits coming together. Nadia and Jennifer were whispering together.

I pressed Zahia down on the bed. A smile flashed across her face and her head ducked down. She engulfed my cock, sucking off the juices adorning it. Her eyes smoldered behind her glasses while she nursed on it.

Damn, you really like sucking cock, don't you?

She nodded her head while nursing on it. I shuddered, wanting to let her just go to town, but I was eager to pop her cherry. Her tongue whisked around my cock. I savored being in her mouth for one last moment.

Shit, I groaned and forced myself to back off.

Vanessa wandered over as I pulled my cock from Zahia's mouth. The Arab virgin shuddered, her round breasts jiggling. She stretched out on her back as Vanessa crawled onto the bed. The brunette's large boobs swayed as she settled into place. She watched with interest.

Want to sit on her face? I asked, my fingers rubbing at Zahia's pussy. She still had that dildo buried in her butthole, the base dimpling the bed. I think it's only fair, right?

Vanessa grinned, remembering our bathroom tryst when I took Vanessa's cherry during her tutoring session. Zahia had ridden her face as I did it while Sister Francis Jean had watched, falling into her lusts and submitting to me instead of stopping our fun.

Vanessa crawled into position while I stroked Zahia's virgin twat. My eyes watched the brunette's big breasts sway as she moved into position. The busty girl straddled the Arab beauty's face and lowered herself to licking lips.

Vanessa pressed her brown bush into Zahia's lips. The Arab Christian moaned. Her tongue flicked out. I just caught a glimpse of the pink thrusting into Vanessa's folds. The busty girl gasped, her big tits heaving.

It was a sight to watch.

Zahia's pussy soaked my fingers in her cream. I brought them to my lips and sucked on them, savoring the flavor of them. I loved the taste of her virgin delight. My tongue darted around my digits, cleaning them, my cock throbbing hard.

Havva got you all nice and ready for me, didn't she? I asked.

Uh-huh, Zahia moaned. 

I reached down and twisted the dildo in her asshole. She gasped and shuddered. It made me smile. Then I grabbed a pillow and shoved it beneath her rump. I lifted her pussy closer to my cock, her shaved flesh looking delicious. Arab girls, it seemed, liked to shave. And not because they were sexually active or anything.

Interesting.

I pressed my cock against her pussy. I rubbed up and down her, soaking the tip in her virgin juices. Vanessa leaned over, her big breasts swaying, and grabbed my cock. She grinned at me as she pressed it right into Zahia's hymen.

Make it as good for her as you did for me, Corey, she said, her eyes sparkling.

I winked at her and reached around Zahia's left leg. My right hand grabbed the end of the dildo buried in her asshole. I pulled it out a few inches. Zahia moaned and shuddered. Her round breasts, topped by those succulent nipples, jiggled. 

I will, I promised Vanessa. Then I leaned in and kissed her. I tasted pussy on her mouth. A delicious flavor. I recognized the cunt. She'd been licking In'am's tart delight. 

I thrust the anal dildo back into Zahia's asshole while my hips rammed froward. Her butthole swallowed the toy while her hymen resisted my cock. The Arab beauty squealed into Vanessa's cunt. Her maidenhead resisted, stretching and stretching, struggling to take my cock.

Then her cherry popped.

I slammed into her pussy all the way to the hilt in a single thrust. I groaned into Vanessa's lips at that wonderful bliss that swept over my cock. The pleasure felt incredible. My dick throbbed in Zahia's twat. Her hot pussy squeezed down around my cock. The pleasure rippled up my shaft to my balls.

Corey! Zahia gasped.

I broke the kiss with Vanessa to moan, Enjoy your next lesson! 

I pumped the anal dildo in and out of Zahia's bowels, fucking her while I let her pussy stretch around my cock. Her thighs gripped my hips. She swiveled them, stirring her cunt around my cock, her body wiggling and squirming, her breasts jiggling.

Her moans muffled by Vanessa's twat. I drew back my cock, savoring the way her pussy clung to me. Her snatch massaged me. Practically sucked at me. Then I buried into her hard. Fast. I rammed into her depths with powerful strokes. 

She whimpered and moaned, her tongue licking and fluttering at Vanessa's pussy as I pumped away. Zahia's snatch squeezed around me. Her deflowered depths gripped me with her passion. It was an incredible delight to enjoy.

I groaned as I plowed into her. Hard strokes plunged deep into her cunt. I buried into her depths again and again. My balls smacked into her. The naughty sound echoed through the room. I worked the anal dildo in and out of her asshole, giving her added delight.

I reveled in the feel of her around me. Pussy tight. Sucking. The pleasure surged to the peak in me. Her cunt gripped me. Squeezed around me. The rapture rippled down my cock. I groaned, my balls smacking hard into her taint. I pumped the dildo in and out of her asshole at the same speed I fucked her cunt.

I buried deep into her snatch.

Hard.

I slammed to the hilt in her cunt. This bliss swept over my body with every thrust into her snatch. I fucked her with hard strokes. I buried into that wonderful cunt while I watched Vanessa's boobs jiggling before me. I leaned forward, plundering Zahia's deflowered cunt, and nuzzled into my other girlfriend's big boobs.

Corey! Vanessa moaned, hugging my head to her breasts. She gripped me tight as I sucked and nibbled at the inner slopes of her boobs. Oh, god, she's really eating me. You must be driving her wild.

He is! Zahia moaned. Both my holes, Vanessa! Including this one.

Vanessa gasped. Oh, Corey, she's licking my butthole! What have you done to this girl?

Taught her all about sex, I moaned. Mmm, just like you.

Yes, yes, yes! Vanessa gasped, her boobs rubbing into my face. Oh, that's so naughty. Zahia! Finger my twat while you do that. Oh, just like that!

My hand thrust the dildo deep into Zahia's asshole while my cock buried over and over into her pussy. The pleasure of her virgin flesh swept through me. The bliss built and built with every plunge into her. It was incredible to enjoy. This amazing rapture that surged through my body. I couldn't believe how great this felt.

How amazing.

My thrusts became harder. Faster. I buried deep into her cunt. I fucked her hard, my balls smacking into her taint. My cum brimmed in them, ready to fire out into her snatch. To soak her in my seed. I would flood her with every drop I had.

I kissed up Vanessa's boob as I did. My hand thrusting that dildo and my hips fucking hard at Zahia's cunt. I reached the pinnacle of my busty girlfriend's tit and engulfed her nub. I sucked hard on it.

My tongue darted around her nipple. I swirled around her areola. I sucked on it. My lips nursed hard. Her nipple throbbed in my mouth. My hips fucked forward hard and fast. I plunged to the hilt in her. My balls smacked into her taint.

Oh, my god, I'm going to cum from her licking my butthole! gasped Vanessa. And you're sucking my nipple!

He's in my pussy! Zahia whimpered, voice muffled. And the dildo... Oh, the dildo's in my butt! Yes!

The former virgin's pussy rippled around my cock. Her orgasm surged hot through her. I groaned and jammed the dildo deep into her asshole. I pumped away hard at her. I ripped my face up from Vanessa's tit and enjoyed burying into my girlfriend's pussy.

I fucked Zahia's rippling flesh hard. She sucked at me. I cupped Vanessa's face. I kissed her with hunger as my balls grew tighter and tighter. The moans around us mixed with the passion of plunging into Zahia's cunt.

I growled, the pressure building and building toward that explosive finish. I kissed my busty girlfriend hard while I thrust deep into Zahia's deflowered depths. Her flesh rippled with her hunger around me. She squealed into Vanessa's butthole.

Zahia was licking another girl's asshole. I turned her into this wanton thing with my lessons.

I broke the kiss with Vanessa and groaned Fuck!

My cum fired into her pussy. I pumped her full of my jizz. Hard and fast. Powerful blasts of jizz that spurted again and again into her cunt. I rammed into her. She squealed, her pussy spasming wilder. Faster.

The pleasure slammed into my mind. Yes! I groaned as I filled Zahia with my seed, claiming her as mine fully. You're my lover, Zahia. You're in my harem!

Uh-huh! moaned Vanessa, her face bursting with pleasure, her brown hair dancing about her shoulders. She's... Oh, Corey, yes!

Her pussy juices gushed out, splashing across Zahia's round tits. Vanessa bucked and moaned, grinding her butthole on Zahia's mouth. The brunette leaned back, feeling the same rapture that slammed out of my cock.

I grunted with each powerful eruption. It felt incredible to baste my deflowered virgin's cunt with my cum. I groaned as she worked out the last of my jizz. I panted while Vanessa squirmed. Then she gasped and fell backward, landing on the bed, her legs thrust up in the air, her body shuddering. Zahia's appeared, licking her lips.

I leaned down and kissed her with hunger, sweet pussy cream and sour ass on her lips. I held her tight, loving her. My harem moaned around me. Did Kyle have moments like this with his harem of hot and sexy and deadly women?

I hoped he did.

I broke the kiss and groaned, I love you, Zahia. I'm glad your mine.

A little genie wish can go a long way, she said. I like sharing you, and that can't be normal.
No, I said. But I'm glad you love it.

Me, too, she said. I like pussy. My parents would disown me if they ever found out.

And? I asked. You're part of my family now, and here, you can lick all the pussy you want.

She smiled, her eyes shining behind her glasses.

I kissed her again and then rolled off. I was hungry. I started breaking up the orgy. It was time for dinner. Then homework. That was the real danger. We would spend all our time fucking and nothing would get done.

Having a harem meant someone had to be responsible. That was my job. To look after them all. Even the genies. I wanted to keep them all.

Much later, after homework and everyone was sent to bed, I lay with Aleah and Tania. I chose them to spend the night with me over the others. They were my two original sex slaves. I thought I'd never have more than them.

I was happy with just them.

The two sisters, snuggled up to me the way they had all summer long. Though this bed had more room for us than my twin, they still pressed tight against me, small breasts on my right, round tits on my left. 

How am I supposed to choose? I asked as sleep eluded me.

You pick the one your heart wants most, Aleah murmured from my right.

I want all four of them, I said. It's an impossible choice.

We'll help you choose, Master, Tania said on my left. She kissed my cheek. We won't steer you wrong.

No, sleepy Aleah said. Love you, Master.

Love you, Tania whimpered. Harem is amazing.

Yeah, I said, staring up at the ceiling as my sex slaves drifted off into sleep. I thought long and hard about which to choose.

Submissive Bettie with all her fertile delights. The spoiled princess who finally found something special in serving me. A brat, true, but a fun one. Her first spanking would be special.

Ms. Reid with all her mature and hungry fires. The teacher wanting to educate me on every naughty thing she knew. And I wanted to study hard from her.

Regina had all that innocence, nubile charm combined with a whorish appetite for sex. She could look like a virgin even as she begged for more. Ephemeral and impossible, yet she existed.

And Nadia possessed the self-confidence to match me physically. Fast. Athletic. Not afraid to challenge me and make me work to get her. She had a boldness that I wanted to drown in.

I was so fucked.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Sister Francis Jean Thursday, September 10th 

I woke up from my bed lying beside Sister Nova Victoria. I had known the headmistress for years even if this was her first time running the school. I never knew what a simmering slut lay beneath her habit. Of course, I hadn't realized there was a whore beneath mine either.

My virgin pussy ached for Corey to take me. He had so thoroughly dominated me yesterday in the restroom. I hadn't even realized just why I was obsessed with him. Why it so offended me when he came in late with Bettie, nor why I couldn't stop looking at those photos of him and Nadia sent to me by the nosy Asra.

Jealousy.

I wanted to be a woman. To stop denying the last thirteen years of repression since I took my vows at eighteen. I had fled from men, threw myself into my teaching, and never realized just what was simmering inside of me.

That woman needing to be fed. Now I was ravenous and I couldn't play with Corey. Last night had been torture. He could have come up with no punishment more fitting than having to watch. Now that I knew what my body craved, I couldn't enjoy it like everyone else.

But it was the next day and...

I had to do this. I couldn't hold back any longer. It was such a wicked thing for me to do. I knew that, but I couldn't stop myself from slipping out of the bed, my blonde hair falling about my face. I glanced at my wimple on the bedside table.

I grabbed it and began winding it around my head, covering my hair, framing my face. This was such a wanton thing to do. My naked breasts shook. My blonde bush absorbed the hot juices leaking out of me. I finished adorning myself in the modesty of my wimple, hiding my hair, and then draped my black veil over me.

I was no longer a bride of Christ but one for Corey. He had claimed my heart and soul. He had led me to this sin. I couldn't believe how eager I was for it. I looked at Sister Nova Victoria sleeping naked. She'd engaged in lesbian sex.

Soon, so would I. For Corey.

I sauntered out of the room to worship my false idol. My golden calf. I was cursed and didn't care. I opened the door and slipped out into the main room. Corey slept in the bed in the center of the suite. It was wild that the bed was here. The couches still had a few sex toys lying on them. The scent of pussy lingered in the air.

He slept between Tania and Aleah. I taught both girls history, though neither were in Corey's class. I shuddered as I pulled back the sheets, exposing more and more of them sleeping tight. They looked comfortable, the two girls clinging to him. Their legs were thrown over his, almost humping his hip in his sleep. Their breasts pressed into his face, both looking cute in the dim light.

Corey's cock was hard. It thrust up from his dark bush. A handsome, strapping youth. Strong. A man. He had a confidence that came from having two sex slaves already. He'd walked this school's halls like he'd owned it.

Like he knew every woman there was sent to please him.

I grabbed his cock. I leaned down and did something I never thought I'd do in my life. I licked a dick.

My tongue dragged up and up his cock. I went from the base, his pubic hair rubbing on my chin. I shifted my grip, holding him with thumb and fingers leaving a gap so I could keep climbing him. He tasted salty. Exciting. His cock throbbed with his heartbeat. I reached the crown, crossing the boundary from shaft to spongy tip.

I swirled around it. My hand gripped his dick tighter, holding him firm as I struggled to remember what the genies had done when playing with his cock. They had caressed him. And kissed him. And sucked on him.

My tongue bathed his cock. An exciting liquid came out of his tip. I didn't know what it was for, but it tasted delicious. I shuddered at the flavor of it melting on my tongue. My cunt clenched, this wild heat sweeping through my body. 

My hips wiggled from side to side. My heart beat faster and faster in my chest. My tongue danced around the crown of his cock. I bathed him. Loved him. I savored the delight of coating his cock in my saliva.

He stirred. Groaned.

I kissed at the side of his crown. My hand stroked him. His throbbing increased. His heart beat faster and faster. This wicked surge shot through me. I shuddered and then I sucked hard on him. I nursed on his cock.

Mmm, Aleah, groaned Corey, his voice sleepy. Like when you... wake me up... this way.

Not me, whimpered Aleah while I sucked. I didn't know what else to do. Tania.

Must be... someone else, whimpered Tania. She buried her face into Corey's neck. Too... early.

Uh-huh, he groaned. Damn, someone's hungry for my cum and... Is that you, Sister Nova Victoria?

I shuddered, not sure what to do. So I kept sucking. 

No, that's not her, groaned Corey. This is someone who's not used to sucking cock. Sister Francis Jean? You naughty nun. 

I was so naughty.

Did I tell you that you could suck my cock? Corey asked.

I froze.

I don't recall that, Master, Aleah said. She rolled out of bed and marched away. The lights flicked on a moment later.

 I winced against them, my mouth still wrapped around his cock. I sucked hard on him, hoping he'd enjoy the pleasure. His eyes hardened on me. I swallowed around his cock, not sure what to do.

How should we punish her, Master? asked Tania.

Aleah marched back and then knelt behind her. Do you wish your slaves to administer the punishment so you can continue enjoying your blowjob, Master?

Corey smiled at her. Spank her naughty ass, slaves.

My eyes widened. Spanking? I slid my mouth up his cock to protest. My lips popped off. I opened them, prepared to object, and

Did I tell you to stop? he demanded. His eyes hardened. You got me hard, slave, now you'll finish what you started while taking your punishment.

I hesitated, my cheeks burning. Yes, Master. I'm sorry, Master.

I bent down and worshiped my golden idol. I sucked his cock into my mouth while Tania crawled down the bed. Aleah already stroked my ass. She rubbed her hands across both my butt-cheeks, squeezing me. Then her hands pulled away.

I shuddered, waiting for the spank to land. I tensed, my rump clenching while I kept sucking on Corey's cock. He throbbed in my mouth, that liquid leaking out of his cock tast

CRACK!

Pain exploded across my rump. I shuddered and sucked hard on Corey's cock as I whimpered. The heat melted down to my cunt. My virgin pussy grew juicier and juicier. Why? That shouldn't happen. It hurt. Why did it start to feel good in my 

SMACK!

Ooh, that was a good one, sis! Tania said.

Yours left a nice red mark on her ass, Aleah said, her finger stroking over the first blow while the second melted pain down to my cunt. 

I whimpered around Corey's cock. I sucked on my master's dick while he sat up on his elbows. He smiled, pleased by the sound. I found myself wiggling my rump, enjoying the soothing touch of the sisters rubbing my aching rump. 

CRACK!

Tania's hand fell again. She smacked my right butt-cheek. The pain flared as she hit where her first spanking fell. I groaned, the stinging heat melting to my cunt again. My virgin pussy clenched, feeding on it. I was so wet from last night. So in need of more stimulation so I could have my

SMACK!

Aleah's spank landed my left butt-cheek. I gasped around Corey's cock. I wanted to rip my mouth off and cry out from the pain. Instead, I sucked. I focused on loving his cock as the two sisters giggled behind me as they enjoyed their torment. 

CRACK!

Nice! Aleah cheered. Ooh, her ass is turning red.

Love that color! Tania squealed. Especially on a nun!

Right? 

SMACK!

I groaned again. The intense pain sweetened the ache in my pussy. I bobbed my head, my veil rustling as I worked my mouth up and down Corey's cock. I sucked him harder, my lusts feeding off the pain. I was a bad, bad nun. I deserved to be punished. 

CRACK!

Disciplined over and over for being such a sinful, wanton slut. 

SMACK!

My pussy clenched. The juices soaked my bush and now ran down my thighs. I couldn't imagine I could get this wet. My ass burned from the pain, throbbing with my heartbeats. One of the sisters licked my rump. She ran her tongue over the burning pain. 

CRACK!

Tania giggled. 

The doors open. Girls started filtering out. The members of the harem gasped at the sight of me sucking Corey's cock and getting spanked. Regina and Bettie, two of those genies, were whispering together. Nadia, another genie, hugged Jennifer, the pair watching with hungry eyes. Sister Nova Victoria had a big grin on her face, her black hair falling loose around her face. 

Oh, Master, she's getting wet, moaned Aleah. 

SMACK!

Isn't she a bad nun?

So fucking bad, groaned Corey. Damn, she's sucking hard. She wants my cum to fire into her mouth.

A hand cupped my pussy, rubbing at it through my bush. I groaned as the fingers brushed up my virgin folds, pressing on my hymen. I whimpered around the thick cock in my mouth. I bobbed harder, faster, sucking with all my might while my ass burned. 

CRACK!

Tania's spanking landed hard while the hand kept fondling my cunt. That must be Aleah touching me. I wiggled, my pussy growing so hot. I pressed my virgin flesh back into her, arching my rump. I whimpered, the pain swirling through my cunt. I wanted to cum so badly.

Aleah's hand ripped from my pussy. 

SMACK!

Juices splattered across my hot rump. I squealed loudly. My rump clenched. That one hurt more. Tears were building in my eyes from the pain of my punishment. That just made me wetter. Made me ache and whimper.

I stared up at Corey, begging.

I haven't cum yet, he growled. Keep spanking her. 

Yes, Master! moaned the younger Tania.

CRACK!

Master, take your time, purred Aleah.

SMACK!

We'll spank her all morning if we have to. Our hands won't get tired.

Nope!

Giggles burst from some of the harem members. They were all watching me being a wicked, naughty, wanton nun who was worshiping her idol. I sucked hard on him, my hand clutching the lower half of his cock. My pussy grew so wet, I could smell myself. My sweet juices permeated the air. 

CRACK!

It hurt so much. A good pain. I could cum from it. 

SMACK!

Just explode from being punished while worshiping him. 

CRACK!

I had no idea my body was this wanton and naughty. I groaned, sucking with all my might on his cock. I wanted his cum to flood my mouth. 

SMACK!

I wanted to taste him. 

CRACK!

Love him.

He groaned, his face twisting in pleasure. The harem whimpered around us as they watched my punishment. His hand shot down, resting on my head, squeezing me through my veil and wimple. His eyes met mine, hungry. 

SMACK!

That's it! he growled. Yes, yes, that's how you please your Master! I'm going to pop your cherry in front of your class! 

CRACK!

I shuddered, my body trembling. My ass burned with such pain, my pussy with such aching need. I wanted to be fucked now. I didn't want to wait hours more. But he was my Master. My new god. I would obey him. 

SMACK!

Shit! he groaned, head throwing back. I'm going to fuck you before all your students. You're going to show them that your my slut! 

CRACK!

That's so hot, Corey! moaned Bettie. 

Oh, yeah, whimpered In'am. Be a slut like me, Sister Francis Jean!

Ooh, I wish Corey would fuck me in front of my class, Ms. Reid moaned. Though, he did cum on my pussy in front of them.

Hot! gasped In'am. I wish I had you for a teacher, Ms. Reid. We could get up to such naughty fun.

Mmm, we did, Aleah moaned. 

SMACK!

Corey erupted into my mouth.

His cum fired out of his cock. Hot spurts of jizz that splashed into the roof of my mouth. I shuddered, shocked by the power of his eruption. The cum swirled through my mouth. The salty flavor burst on my tongue.

Fucking hell! he growled. Swallow it all, Slave. You're my nun-slave! I'm going to fuck you so hard. Just pound you and take your virginity while you scream your fucking head off!

I wanted that. My ass wiggled, aching for more pain. My pussy wanted the stimulation, but no more came. I had made him cum. I gulped down his jizz, this heady rush surging through my body. My hips wiggled back and forth as I swallowed it all.

I bet Master's cum tastes so good in the morning, In'am moaned.

I wish I thought of waking him up this way, Zahia moaned. I love sucking his cock.

And my clit, Vanessa said and burst into giggles. Mmm, if you can't wake him that way, you can always wake me up that way.

I gulped down the last of the cum, I shuddered and then slid my mouth off his cock. I trembled, my ass a mass of fire. I stared out at the harem, everyone smiling at me. Ms. Reid winked at me while Havva stared at me in such envy. 

Did she want to be spanked?

Mmm, we got some cream for that ass, said Aleah. If you want the sting taken out. You'll be feeling it all day no matter what.

No, no, I said, glancing at Corey, my pussy begging for my first orgasm. This is my punishment for being an impatient and naughty nun.

He smiled at me and such joy rushed through me. If Asra hadn't tried to get Corey expelled, I never would have found this joy in being his submissive nun. I had to thank her for it. Maybe she should stop being jealous of him and join him.

She'd have lots more fun. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Corey Derrickson

As we dressed and got ready to go to breakfast, I said to the four genies, I want you to find ways to stand out. If I have to choose one of you, then you better make sure you're the most memorable of the four.

Mmm, naked volleyball in PE, said Nadia. Huh? All those breasts bouncing around will be hot

I grinned at her.

And I already told you my plan, Ms. Reid said. Spanking girls who get the answer wrong. Just paddling their bottoms.

Bettie and Regina started whispering together, plotting. What would they come up with?

I grinned as we headed to the school's cafeteria, leaving behind the dorms. We were moving across the grounds with the other students. They were all noticing who was with my harem, including the headmistress and Sister Francis Jean. I knew they'd all be speculating. The other nuns were moving in a group. 

What did they think?

I loved it. My eyes flicked out through the girls, spotting a few I knewlike Natiqua, who I still had to call since she was kind enough to leave her phone number on her panties. I slid my gaze past her and the others since I was looking for two girls in particular.

I spotted Pita and Ursula hanging out underneath one of the dogwood trees on the front lawn. They were chatting. I needed to make things up with them after what happened yesterday. They were supposed to be bribes to Asra. I thought she was a lesbian.

Turned out she was a Ghul, a fifth type of genie, who wasn't happy at all that I was getting all the attention. She was here to disrupt things, going against Kyle's commands. I guess he wasn't universally loved by all the genies.

I'll catch up, I said to the harem. Save a few seats. I might be bringing some friends.

Mmm, they're cute, Tania said.

You should see them sixty-nining, said Nadia. They were going at it.

Yeah, I said, my cock hard.

I headed to the girls, crossing the lawn. My tie fluttered in the wind. The same breeze rustled their tartan skirts and matching bow ties. I was almost to them when their heads turned. And theirs weren't the only ones. Girls were all glancing at someone. A ripple ran through them. A squealing gush, the sound you'd hear teenagers make for a boy band.

Pita and Ursula grabbed hands and rushed with the other girls to a man walking down the path. A priest wearing the black jacket and shirt beneath, his collar starched white. He was Hispanic and handsome, a broad smile on his lips that flashed white teeth. He had strength in his stride, his shoulders broad. He stood tall. 

He could be a model. He had that sort of handsome features.

The girls flocked around him. They were all crowding and gushing, ignoring me. The priest seemed to drink it in as he swept by me, the gaggle of girls growing larger and larger, picking up more and more of them as he passed.

What the fuck? I muttered. There was nothing normal about this at all. Who was this guy? Why had he just made every girl who saw him melt through her panties? They were hornier around him then they'd been around me.

And magic had been at work there.

As I followed the man's progress, standing rooted from the shock, Asra came into my view. She leaned against a dogwood tree, wearing her fishnet stockings and combat boots, her black hair falling about her milk-white face. Her black lips pursed. She blew me a kiss.

What had that bitch brought to the school?

To be continued...