It had been a really long week at work, and when Friday came around, I felt like going crazy and doing something really daring. The only problem was, what should I do? I decided to call up my friend Andrea and see if she had any ideas, which she did. She suggested to me that I go down to the public library by my house, and go into the back, behind the last row of books, strip to my under things, and read a book for a little while. Well, I can tell you, I really liked the idea of this. It was really daring and it just screamed for me to do it. 

I hung up the phone and went back into my room to change. I laid out a nice little sun dress that was blue with little roses on it. I then set out my most sheer bra and smallest black thong and laid those on my bed with the dress. I went into my drawers and pulled out a pair of black stockings, just because I felt like looking extra sexy. I went into my closet and pulled out a nice pair of black heels. Even though I hoped no one would see me, I really wanted to make myself sexy. 

I stripped down and went into the shower, washed my hair, and got out. After drying myself off, I put on some make up, a little lipstick and what not. I left my hair down, rather than my usual ponytail, and looked at myself in the mirror. I looked great. Those afternoons at the gym really had given me a figure to die for. I looked myself over, getting more excited just imagining someone else seeing me like this. 

Finally after pulling myself out of the trance-like state I was in, I went and got dressed. I headed downstairs and got into my car. I drove the two or three minute drive through the neighborhood to the library, the whole time thinking about what I was about to do. I arrived and took a deep breath. This was a really risky thing to do, and I was starting to have second thoughts. Finally, after a sudden rush of courage, I got out of the car and walked inside.

The place was more crowded than I expected, as it was a Friday. I had only anticipated maybe 5-10 people tops in the place, but there must have been at least 25. It looked like a majority of them were some students from the high school working on a project or something. They were all at a bunch of tables in the center with books all over the place. 

I looked around and found what I thought would be the perfect area. It was literally the last row of books in the library, and it looked like no one was around. I went back there and started browsing around for a book to read. Ironically, this particular section was full of romance novels. I decided to pick out one titled “Starlet’s Dream” and featured a bronzed up hunk on the cover.

Finally, the moment of truth came. I looked around and listened for anyone that could be near me. There was no one. I took a deep breath, and in one fluid motion, lifted the dress clear off of me. Instinctively, I covered up immediately. Finally, I gathered up my courage, and tossed my dress to the side, a few feet away. I was now in just my sexy lingerie in the library. I felt so wonderfully naughty. I sat myself down on the ground, and leaned up against the back shelf of books. I opened the romance novel and began to read. I must say, it was a very steamy book, and got me going rather quickly. Without me even thinking about it, my right hand slowly began to massage my breasts as I read. My nipples grew hard and made sure to pay special attention to them. Finally, I couldn’t take it any longer, and my hand journeyed farther down, past my waist, and inside my panties. I lost control of myself and I slipped into a state of euphoria. I just felt so wonderful. I began to moan and buck my hips, unfortunately a little too much. I began to knock against the shelf behind me and suddenly the entire shelf of books behind me toppled down all around me. Books were flying through the air and landing everywhere. I let out a scream and scrambled out of the way. Unfortunately, the falling books and my little scream attracted the attention of the two librarians on duty at the time.

Around the corner came the two womenn, a busty blonde and rather petite and yet well endowed brunette, both around 22 or 23 years old. At first, they didn’t look at me, just the books. I don’t even think they noticed my state of dress.

The blonde, worried that someone might have gotten hit by the falling books, asked “Is everyone alright, did anyone get hurt?”

Not really knowing what to do, I said in a rather timid, shy tone, “Yes, I’m fine, thank you.”

Both librarians now turned towards me and finally saw me, standing in my extremely revealing lingerie. The brunette gasped and looked at me with awe. The blonde giggled and I watched as her eyes roamed all over my body, taking in my entire form. 

After a moment or two, the brunette finally asked, “Ma’am, why are you dressed like that?”

I tried to come up with a convincing lie, but I am never good at those things. “Well, umm…, I was sitting there, uh, reading a book, leaning against the shelf. Then, uh, I heard them falling so I, uh, jumped out of the way, and I guess my, umm.., dress got caught on something and ripped off.” I flashed them a weak smile. I could see looks of doubt on their faces.

The blonde girl looked on the ground, saw my discarded dress, and picked it up. She began to examine it, and I saw the smile on her face begin to grow. Finally, she said “Ma’am, what is your name?”

“Oh, I’m Jenna.”

“Hi Jenna, I am Alexa and this is Cathy. Now, I looked at your dress and I saw no rips. There is no sign of any damage at all. This leads me to one conclusion; you were already out of your dress when the books fell. Is that true?”

I could tell I was caught, and that there was no use for me to lie anymore. I lowered my eyes to the ground and nodded my head. It was so embarrassing to be found out. My secret was being exposed.

Cathy now spoke, a look of disgust on her face. “You are such a pervert. This is a place to read and learn; not some strip joint. Do you get your kicks this way?”

I tried to think of an answer but I couldn’t think of anything better than, “Well, I guess, I mean, it is kinda exciting.”

“That’s really sick.” She turned to Alexa and they whispered for a couple of seconds. Both girls looked really mad, and they both had a mischievous gleam in their eyes. Finally, the girls turned to me and Alexa spoke.

“Cathy and I have decided on your punishment. First we are going to take you out into the middle of the library, and then you will remove your underthings so that everyone can see you in all your glory. After that you will stack some books on the shelf, and finally you will leave this place and not come back. Do you understand me?”

I stood there just staring at my feet, one arm across my chest and the other in front of my panties. I was thinking about making a run for it, but there were two of them and I didn’t think I would be able to get away. “Yes”

“Yes what?” asked Cathy in a very demeaning way.

At first I didn’t know what she wanted me to say, then it came to me. “Yes…ma’am.”

“That’s a good girl. Now let’s go give those people out there a show they wont forget.”

The two librarians started walking out into the center where the students were working, and I obediently followed behind. I wasn’t totally sure, but I think that I was enjoying it.

As we entered the main area, I started hearing whispers and giggles and the librarians led me to an empty table. Everyone had stopped working and all eyes were on me and my skimpy undies.

“Up on the table, babe,” ordered Alexa.

“Alright.”

“What was that,” asked Cathy.

“Oh yeah… Yes ma’am.” Everyone laughed openly about that. Apparently they thought the librarians humiliating me was a good ol’ time.

Alexa gave me her hand and helped me up. I felt really awkward up there. The tables were rather slick and I nearly fell cause of my stockings. Cathy saw this and decided to get things underway.

“Alright everyone, we have a real treat for you. This here is Jenna, and she is a slut.” At that I think I blushed even more. “She gets off running around the library in her underwear and so we decided to help her get her jollies. Alexa, please remove Jenna’s stockings now.” 

“It would be my pleasure.”

Alexa motioned for me to come over to the edge of the table. Her hands came up to my thigh and started roaming over my legs. She was really teasing me.  Finally, after getting me all worked up, she rolled down my left stocking and removed it. Then she went through the routine again, running her hands over my legs. Without ever realizing it, one of my hands started massaging my breast.

Alexa saw me and decided to bring it to the attention of the entire room. “Wow Jenna, don’t get off yet, the fun is just starting.” My hands shot down and everyone laughed and cheered.

Finally, my other stocking was off. Cathy gave me my next order. “Now off with those panties darling.” 

I had hoped to save that for last and begged for some mercy. “Please, can I at least save my thong for last.”

“No, don’t talk back. You do what we say or things will be much worse.”

“…fine.”

I looked around and took a deep breath. Everyone’s eyes were opened really wide. My thumbs slipped under the waistband and in one fell swoop, I bent over and pulled them to my ankles. At once I realized my mistake as now I was giving a very good few of my bare behind to everyone. I stepped out of my panties and placed them in Alexa’s outstretched hands. I placed one hand over my crotch and used the other to shield as much of my butt as I could. Everyone was clapping and cheering and making me feel like some kind of stripper.

Cathy and Alexa looked like they were enjoying this more than anyone. They were laughing and eyeballing me. I was getting the sneaking suspicion that they might be lesbians, or maybe they just liked dominating me. It was hard to tell.

Then Alexa gave me a new order. “Alright you little whore, lets get those melons loose.”

I knew there was no choice. I stopped covering myself and undid my bra. For one last second, I held it there wavering. I didn’t want to lose my last vestige of modesty.

Cathy was getting impatient. “Off with it Jenna.”

With that, I pulled the bra off and handed it to Alexa. I tried to cover myself, but I couldn’t choose what to cover. My hands were going all over the place. 

“Hands at your sides, Jenna. We all know that you love showing off your body, no need to feign modesty. Now that you are naked, you can get to work.”

Alexa brought out a stack of books and set them down on the table next to me. Then she extended her hand out to me and helped me down. I tried to use one and to hold my breasts, but they still were jiggling all over the place. Next she led me by the hand over to a ladder. “Climb on up.”

I threw her a half-hearted “Yes ma’am” and I climbed up the ladder. Although I was facing away from everyone and my front was mostly out of sight, my ass was fully on display and at eye level.

“Now Jenna, I am going to hand you a book, and then you place it where it needs to go. Once you place it, just say, ‘Thank you, may I have another.’” She giggled at that, but I didn’t get the joke.

“Here you go.” She handed me the first book and I turned around to look for its place. Then Alexa, out of nowhere, spanked me really hard on the butt. 

“Oww!!! Don’t do that, that hurt.”

“I don’t want to hear it, Jenna. You have been very naughty and this is your punishment.”

“…fine.”

“Now what do you say Jenna.”

“Oh, sorry. Thank you, may I have another.”

With that, Alexa handed me another book and then smacked my ass again. And so for about ten minutes we went through that process. I would place a book and ask her for another and then she would spank me. By the time all the books were placed, my butt was completely red.

“Alright, you're done Jenna, come on down.”

“Really? That is wonderful. So I can go now?”

Cathy walked up and nodded. “Of course Jenna, but remember, you can't come back again.”

“Fine, now where can I change.”

“What do you mean Jenna.”

“You said I could get dressed and leave earlier.”

“No, we said you could leave. Now get out before we call the cops.”

“Whatever, can I at least have my car keys?”

“Well, how about you bend over and touch your toes and then you can have them.”

“Uggg… FINE!” I yelled. I bent at the waist and grabbed my toes. Cathy walked behind me and placed a hand on each of my butt cheek and squeezed. I moaned because of the mix of pain and pleasure. She bent over and whispered in my ear, “Stand up and turn around.”

All I could say was a barely audible “Yes ma’am.”

I stood up and turned around. Cathy stood there and was staring me in the eye. I couldn’t meet her stare and looked at my feet. All of a sudden, she grabbed my arm and pulled me in and kissed me right on the mouth. She jammed her tongue into my mouth and then grabbed my ass again and pulled me in close. I didn’t know what to do, but it was starting to feel good. She was getting me all worked up and I was on the edge. Then Alexa came over with a smile on her face and said, “Jenna, how would you feel if we made you orgasm right here, in front of everyone.”

All I got out was a very weak, “Please…don’t”

Cathy got a menacing glint in her eyes and stepped back, leaving me standing there, barely able to keep standing. Then, to my horror, Alexa came over and slipped her hand in between my legs, and stuck her finger into me. It only took a second before I went over the edge. My whole body shook with a tremendous orgasm and I fell to the ground in a euphoric stupor. The room was silent and everyone’s mouths were open. Alexa and Cathy gave each other a high-five. 

I finally stood up; some of my juices still trailing down my leg. Cathy grabbed my car keys and threw them too me. They escorted me too my car and said goodbye.

“We had a lot of fun today Jenna, and by the way, we were just kidding about you not coming back. In fact, we might just call you up and see if you wanna play again.”

As I drove home completely naked, I looked in my rear view mirror and I knew they would be calling me up soon.
