I will tell about yesterday and what happened. I am really excited Saturday morning and I get up early and make a boiled egg for my brekky. Mum comes out in gown and gets coffee and sits down and asks me what I am doing today. So I say after I finish on the computer I will go to the mall and rob a bank or 2 and do a bit of shoplifting and maybe light a big cigar in a non smoking area. And she laughs and says "Gawd Dan - anything but that -your always joking - but you just stay away from trouble and remember your manners" and I say "OK mum I will do anything but that" which is the truth because I am going to see Jerry again. But I am thinking that one day when I am full grown I will tell my mum that I am a bi guy because she is a really nice lady but it is got to be my secret for now.  Jerry has told me it is the way you are born and not your fault and I think he is right. I did not know about such things when Tod and I played around but I understand about it being the way you are born now.
Anyway I got to the mall and ring Jerry and he come and pick me up. At his house he give me a lite beer and say "hows your bum" and I say it is ok and I have no probs and that the hardest part was not to wank during the week so as to save it all for now. And Jerry asks me about school and I tell him about my english teacher and my essay. She tells me I write a good essay but I got to pay attention to spelling and grammar and yadada yadada etc and put red rings around the shit bits of my work and while she is telling all this I am standing alongside her table an having a really good look down at her tits and saying "Yes Mam" "yes Mam" and I am thinking what we she would do if I said something like "you have really good tits for an old bird". Jerry is nearly pissing himself laughing and he says something like "she's right - you got to know all that stuff and get your marks up good like you have in math and physics and chemistry" and he is right so I will try to keep up some good work in english.
Which is when I am feeling my u/pants straining as my dick is showing it's muscles and Jerry look at me and read my mind and say "Well" and he reach over and run his hand over my cheek and make me shiver it is so gentle and sexy and I put my arms around him and hug his neck to me and breathe deep and he smells really good. And then he takes my arm and push a little and we go into his bedroom.
Jerry takes control and I like this. He tell me to stay dressed so I can watch him and I watch him strip naked and he looks beautiful and he put on his silk gown thing and then I get a big surprise because he gets some black ladies stockings from a drawer and sit on the bedside and pull them on and this is a huge turnon and he grins and say "now I am going to undress you" and he does this bit by bit and he is kissing me on bare skin and says things likes "I would like to take bites out of you". My hardon is jangling with sex feeling and we get on the bed. He is flat on his back and I am on top of him like 69 position and licking into his pubes and I rub my cheek against his hard cock and he grab the cheeks of my bum and stab with his tongue and I am feeling I will burst with sex. So I lick the top of his foreskin and them put it in my mouth and push down and suck and it is beautiful as I can taste the head of his dick as the skin goes back and I suck and suck and my mouth is full of him and my bum hole is getting his tongue stabbing it. Then we sort of break apart and he take off his tickly brunch coat and I watch when he reach over to the bedside drawer and get his vaseline. I am watching and he open his legs and lift his bum up and put vaseline on his bumhole. Then he turn on his belly and get me on top of him and say "cmon Dan do it to me now" and I reach down and feel his legs in those stockings and I stroke up and down to the tops and back down again and around his crutch  and and his balls and then I cannot stand it any longer and I get my dick and point it to his crack and steer it and press it and I find his hole and I am nearly cumming and he says 'press now but easy easy' and I do and I feel my dick open his hole and the stockings are sort of making more excitement and he push back and I push and I can feel my dick going into his bum and it feels tight and hot but it cannot go any further and it feels like I have not got it all in. Jerry fixes this - he raises his bum up a bit more and I moan and he does too as I am up all the way into him. 
He says "don't move Dan" and with me on his back he makes little wriggles and I know he is getting into position and then he says "OhOh Oh" like breathless and I feel this is good for me too because I am now holding back from cumming.  This is awesome because I have never had my dick buried into a bum before and so we start to move a bit and before I can stop I tell Jerry I am cumming and he says 'yes yes yes' and push back at me. I am having a cum like it is the end of the world and my dick is jerking and jerking hard up into him. Then he tells me to stay there and he raise himself up a bit and he wanks his dick and this excites me and my dick gets hard again.
This is really when I start to fuck him proper and he is wanking and we are fucking together and he say something like now harder harder and I do this and he moan and say "oh oh oh" and I reach down to his hand on his dick and he is cumming and I go off again with cumming but I do not think I have any sperm left this time but it is still an awesome feeling.
Then we sort of go all really soft and I am laying on him all relaxed and we start to breath normal. My cock starts to shrink down and down and Jerry pull back and it pop out. I get off him and he turn over and we lay together. I am still in awe at these womens stockings and I feel them and feel them and also his balls and slack dick and ask him why. And he say it's just a bit of kinky spice - and I like this. So then we do some more touching and Jerry turn me over and puts a bloody great big lovebite on the inside of my bumcrack.  Then he look at me and grin and say "to celebrate the occasion of your first sperm  injection into me"
I grab at him and pull him down on top of me and we do some serious kissing and loving and I like to feel all his hair on me and the smooth stockings also. 
So we have a shower together - and we do some more hugging and fooling around and then it is time to drop me off before my mum wonders if I did rob a bank or say "shit" to someone to show bad manners. 