I Can't Stop Teasing Guys Ch. 14
bySZENSEI©

"Never in a million years would I have thought my life would sink this low. You recall last night, well still technically tonight, I went out dancing right? If you remember that you also know I was drinking with my brother hiding in the shadows because I forbid him to interfere. I got stupid drunk after I was snuck into the nightclub SINdiana and fed so many drinks my head was spinning. I couldn't keep my clothes on. Thank God for horny bouncers. LOL! They let it happen. I even found out I liked women more these days. SMALL DOSES. LOL! A bunch of equally horny bitches. I literally danced naked on the dance floor and got seriously groped by dozens of guys and girls. My brother just laughed and let me make a fool of myself. I don't even know who fucked me I was so wasted. That is until Chad showed me videos on his cell of a line of guys leading into the men's room, and me bent over a bathroom sink being fucked from behind, among other assorted contortions. He recorded things until his cell went dead, then his friends recorded more. I was even being fucked while hurling my guts up from all the alcohol. Some brother I have. HE'S SOOO COOL. LOL!

I'm not sure what to believe but counting dicks I'm guessing over thirty dudes nailed me. Another ten girls licked jism off my body right on the dance floor. SOOO FUCKING EROTIC. All I remember is guys laughing at my expense and guys saying TAKE IT WHORE. Even my brother said it while filming my facial expressions. It was pretty funny, some of the faces I was making. Still, I can't believe Chad would do that too me. He sort of whored me out just like the Larabee boys. RESPECT! LOL!

Anyways, you know that adventure so let's skip ahead...

Chad took me back to Dad's house after getting me there without bothering to dress me in my tattered dress that was already ripped by me. LOL! It was laying beside me on the lawn. All I recall was I was so messed up I was clinging to Chad just to walk, more of a shuffle, little stumbling...okay Chad drug me along. LOL! His buddies dropping us off led Chad to lay me down in the front yard and sleep it off while he woke up Dad and they came back out to get me. I think Dad picked me up and carried me in the house. Anyways I was so covered in jizz from Chad's friends that Dad bitched Chad out for letting me get laid. He lied and told Dad he lost me and found me later after getting laid by a few guys. He neglected to mention just how many dudes. Probably a good thing. Fucking Chad. LOL! He never left my side for a second. He was too busy collecting cash for my pussy, my mouth, and my ass. I better get my cut Pimp. LOL!

I barely remembered Dad yelling at me. Once he realized I was barely able to hear him he took me to the restroom and made me sit in the shower. Cold water sucks, but it sure did revive me. Once aware of my surroundings Dad stepped in with me in his underwear and bathed me clean. I'm talking everywhere. I felt so violated. NOT! LOL! Weird though letting my Dad touch me there, and there. LOL! After drying me off he made me crawl to the spare bedroom on my hands and knees, then helped me into bed. Pretty sure he got off watching me on all fours wiggling away. Dad or not, he's a man. I was out cold in seconds, but woke up later on top of the covers. Shivering under a very dim light he had left on in case I needed to hurl, I realized Daddy was sitting in a chair asleep. He stayed by me just in case I needed him. Awww! I LOVE MY FATHER.

Still under the effects of all my Sex on the Beaches that I drank, I crawled from bed to go pee. Stumbling quietly, trying not to wake Dad, I found the bathroom and tinkled. Last I remembered until I woke up with my head laying on the wall beside the toilet. I peed again. LOL! Who knows how long I sat there. Finding my legs...THERE THEY ARE. LOL!...I pulled myself up and took baby steps out into the living room. Chad was still up watching TV. Leaning on the back of the couch I peered over to see him beating off. He hadn't heard or even knew I was there until I sighed. Jumping to his feet he pulled his boxers up thinking it was Dad catching him. Once he saw it was me standing there nude he...Hey! Why didn't Dad dress me? WHAT THE FUCK? LOL!

Chad asked me if I was okay. I barely even heard him in my wonderment of still being naked, as I crawled over the back of the couch and fell to the cushions. I lay there snuggling up to a small pillow. Eyelids barely open, I saw Chad whip his dick back out and stand over my face. He started jerking off and I watched numbly. I couldn't even think, but I knew what I was seeing. Yawning just as he detonated I found jizz all over my tongue. I think I passed out right then. I don't remember more than that. All I know is at the time I didn't have a care in the world. Let him. I most likely swallowed it. I love cum so no Biggy. WAIT! WE'RE TALKING ABOUT MY BROTHER HERE. LOL! Naaa! I'm good.

I was in and out quite a few times after that. Chad went to bed and I was in the living room by myself. I didn't like being left alone so I crawled from the sofa, back on my hands and knees, and made my way back to the guest room. Daddy was still in the chair snoring. What I hadn't noticed before though was that he was only wearing boxers and his dick was peeking out. Hmmm! Me so horny. LOL! Tempted to crawl into his lap I somehow just went back to bed. Even intoxicated my hormones were on overdrive. After wrestling to get comfortable, I found myself unable to keep my fingers away from my overworked pussy. I don't think my cunt could ever get enough. So...I masturbated. Somehow it slipped my mind Dad was in the room. No lie on that one. I was in my own little world at the time. I'm not even certain how loud I was moaning, I just knew that I was. Even Chad heard me he told me the next day.

Cumming all over my fingers, my adrenalin high woke me just enough to realize my Dad was awake and had watched me, from beginning to end. I remember him saying ARE YOU DONE? Shaking my head negatively, I blurred out for a second as I tried to reply, not even knowing what words to use. If I could be ashamed I would have, but at the time I just couldn't relate. WHAT AM I SAYING? LOL! SHAMELESS! I mean come on Dad saw me get fucked over the hood of his car. Why hide now, right? GONNA HURL...

I threw up over the side of the bed missing the waste basket he had sat there. He rushed to my bedside claiming the can and held my hair out of my face. BEST DADDY EVER. Yeah, I remembered that. He hadn't treated me that fatherly since I was eleven and had the stomach flu. Same tender loving Daddy. As I think about it now I realize just how much I've missed him. He and my Mom split up when I was fifteen, she took me with her and left him to raise Chad who at the time was eighteen, nineteen shortly after. He was essentially an adult. Being four years older than me Chad would have chosen Dad anyway, even if he wasn't old enough to be on his own.

Shivering up a storm after my guts came up Daddy tried to place a blanket over me. FINALLY! Now I didn't want one though so my legs kicked it off. I liked being naked, even if he was my Dad. CALL ME WHATEVER YOU WANT I'LL ACCEPT IT. I wanted him to look at my body. Maybe I am a sad excuse for a daughter, but dang it I'm the new and improved Violet Calloway. At least I like to think I'm improved. I mean come on, I'm almost a hard body these days. If Daddy were really angry over this new me he would be more forceful over my actions of late. Personally, I think he's curious of what I might do at any given moment. Almost as if wanting me to be slutty.

As I laid in bed half aware, half where am I? I felt Daddy caress my cheek and guide strands of hair from my eyes. In my stupor, I think that's what my state of mind was called, I fed on that hand, I didn't want him to stop giving me attention. If he tried removing his hand my cheek followed closely behind, until he returned it to me as if obligated to. As he did I know me, my hands were roaming all across my body. He was watching me every inch of the way. Squeezing my tits I saw a hint of stress in his expression. He was struggling with what was right and what was wrong. So was I...that is if I hadn't been drunk still. Alcohol makes me really horny. I wasn't in my right mind, all I wanted was a stiff cock inside me. Daddy who? At that moment all I saw was a man. If I knew better I might...no, I probably would still see a man. LOL!

I squirmed all over Daddy's bed. Yes I did know I was in his room. He only has a two bedroom home in the burbs. Chad had the other one. My fingers found my pussy and I played with myself in front of him, my breasts dancing in my excitement, nipples hard and saying hi. Drunk or not I knew how to masturbate. LOL! Just like Daddy knew how to watch. Whatever I was thinking at the moment all I knew was I wanted to put on a really sexy show. Ever since Daddy caught me outside my Mom's house streaking and getting fucked by neighbors I've suspected that he had more interest than he was admitting. When he took me home that day and hugged me inside, barely covering me up, I just knew he had ulterior motives. Where this all suddenly came from I'm not sure, but I just know he's attracted to me. I've always thought my Daddy was handsome so it's only fair right? Probably not. But, to me it is.

Even with blurred vision I knew Daddy was watching me very closely as I fingered my pussy, three fingers to be precise. He would tell me tomorrow that I tried for four. The moans I was making were erratic so I'm pretty certain even Chad heard me. Of course he did, Chad saw me getting laid at the nightclub too so he knows my moans first hand. Daddy decided to move to the bed and lay beside me instead of just watching. He nestled his way under my head and pulled me to his armpit for a warm cozy cuddle, not even trying to prevent my masturbation. I loved Daddy so this comfort zone worked to both of our benefits. I was not stopping my touching myself, he was not stopping his observations.

I didn't realize it at the time but the bedroom door eased open and Chad stood back watching me too. Once Daddy noticed him he didn't even tell Chad to leave. Instead Chad moved in to the other side of the bed and sat down next to me. I was coherent enough to know they were both with me but my main concern was cumming. I was sooooo horny. Being drunk like this really sets my hormones into a frenzy. As I snuggled with Daddy his free hand reached in and caressed my cheek. I felt so very loved.

Chad on his side stretched out just like we were and laid there on his right side facing me. Even he chose to touch me with his own free hand, this time my tits. I responded with a sigh of contentment. Daddy seeing Chad pinch my nipple made him grumble under his breath. I think it was because Daddy was fighting with himself over right from wrong. Watching my reaction to Chad's touch let him know I wanted it. I found my voice in that moment. I LOVE YOU DADDY. That soft sensual moment made Daddy take the risk in toying with my other nipple. The second he touched it I moaned loudly. PLAY WITH ME. I begged.

As if looking for permission Chad got the okay from Dad. Instantly Chad began sucking my nipple. My body reacted by wiggling about as I gasped with a smile on my face. It sobered me up more for certain, enough to look up at Daddy and say IT'S OKAY DADDY. That convinced him I was fully aware now of what was going on. KINDA! LOL! I was ready to cum in front of him. Better yet I just did, loudly. Convulsing from my finality I reached out for Daddy's arm and hugged it with a sense of pure joy. Chad halting his suckling on my tit felt my exhilaration. It took my saying MORRRRE with a sense of urgency for Chad to return to my breast. In staring up at my Dad I dared to say LOVE ON ME DADDY. I started this. They were going to end it. Daddy pulled away from me and stood up long enough to remove his boxers. Seeing his erection I dropped my jaw and awaited him to return to the bed. Once he did I felt him take my hand and wrap my fingers around his cock. For better or worse I was going to make my Daddy happy. BIG COCK!! FUCK YES!

Turning away from Chad by rolling to my side to better attend to my duty over Daddy's gift, Chad reached down and hiked my leg up at the knee. Going under my thighs he found my pussy and began fingering me. I grew lost in his attentions, even as I jacked off Daddy. Chad hit my pussy hard with rapid finger insertions, I came on his knuckles shortly after. Feeling alive now, I took things further, lured to Daddy's big cock and gave Daddy head. It caught him off guard I know, but his hand in my hair gently thanking me proved I was doing the right thing. Palming and squeezing his balls as I got really into the BJ, I know I grew noisy. I was passionate about my satisfaction skills. Daddy knew very well I enjoyed him. I was a slobbering messy little whore. LOL!

I wasn't totally aware that Chad had removed his own boxers, until I felt a dick teasing at my ass from behind. I know I reacted by scooting closer to my brother. Leg lifted again, Chad took my pussy, his slow penetration making me whine over Daddy's girth. Chad had a worthy cock, just not as big as Dad's. Dad wasn't telling Chad no. I'm glad he didn't. I wanted fucked. My enthusiastic tone in my moans only lit them both up. Chad began hitting my cunt hard, it fueled my desire to feed on Daddy more ferociously. Finally, Dad's pleasant tenderness faded away. Grabbing the back of my head he face fucked me, slamming my jaw down until I took all of him. I loved it. Between their aggressions I was cumming up a storm and flooding Daddy's sheets. I'm pretty sure I heard Chad say, DAD LOOK. In my restricted eyeball space all I could do was briefly glance up at Dad. What Chad was getting at in his observation was all of the white cum I was leaving over his dick. I'd be amazed if I could see it. LOL! He wasn't recording me so no go this time. Dad I know would be against any real proof of having sex with me. Protecting all involved of course. Me? Show me off. LOL! I really should look into being a Pornstar.

Chad found my backside appealing because I felt him running his palms all over me. Then came the kisses. My brother was kissing his way down my spine to my ass, then biting and sucking at my cheeks. I know I yelped a few times even with my mouth full of Dad's cock, his tenderness giving me goosebumps.

Dad held me firm until he convinced himself to shoot his load down my throat. Holding me tightly against his pubic hair I swallowed his cum. I became ravenous then, even as he let go of my head I stayed on course trying to get more milk. Squeezing his balls I heard Daddy say FUCKING LITTLE WHORE. I know I nodded. I couldn't have agreed more. I even mumbled MORE DADDY MORE. I aim to please. LOL!

Chad began slapping my ass. Each loud crack I heard and felt I flinched over Daddy's cock. Tears came out of nowhere suddenly. Dad began to realize I was crying and attempted to remove me from sucking him off. NOOOOOOOO! I refused, my nails digging into his belly. Under no circumstances did I want this to stop. Tears or not, I stormed the cock that created me so fast I gagged and thrived at the same time. He could hear my enthusiasm. Chad did too, even as he kept spanking me. I even rose my ass higher just for him to continue. Seeing my clam as he slapped me Chad dug in and licked my ass and pussy from behind. Trust you me, Daddy knew I liked what Chad was doing. My moans were energizing my desire to get Daddy off again.

FUCK SHE TASTES GOOD I heard Chad tell Daddy. Daddy replied with WHO KNEW MY KID SUCKED SUCH MEAN DICK. I nodded and mumbled I CAN DO BETTER DADDY. I think I impressed him even more. My hand jerking him as I sucked made Daddy groan FUCK THAT'S NICE VI. MAKE ME PROUD OF MY BABY GIRL. Whoa! DAMN STRAIGHT I WILL...I SWEAR. My persistence paid off and for a second time Daddy nutted in my mouth. This time however I pulled away and showed him his load on my tongue. I LOVE YOU DADDY I informed him as I shared a froth from my lips with dramatic sensuality. To my shock Daddy yanked me in to kiss me on the lips, our tongues mingling amid his jizz. WOW! Daddy likes his own cum. SO COOL.

Rock hard, Daddy rolled me over on to my back and straddled me missionary. I bulged my eyes at how big his cock felt going in deep, stretching my pussy wide. I made certain he knew the effects of his stretching me had on my mentality, my yearning gaze lured him in to battle. Dad knew how to take charge that's for sure. Makes me wonder why Mom was so stupid as to leave him. He's fucking awesome in bed. Lifting my legs over his shoulders he hovered over me and hit my cunt straight down to the bottom. HOLY SHIT! I began howling like a dog in heat each time Daddy zipped past my G-spot. FUCK ME DADDY! I loved it, there was no stopping him now.

Chad even backed off the bed to give Dad room to use me like a puppet. Dragging my ankles behind my head Daddy pulled out and fed on my pussy. His teeth biting at my clit made me crazy, his tongue digging deep inside me. DAMMIT DADDY! THIS FEELS TOO FUCKING GOOD. I cum all over his face just before he launched back up over me and pounded my cunt for what seemed like forever. All I know is...I was sober. LOL! A pretzel, but sober.

HOW'S DADDY DOING CUPCAKE? He taunted me as I whimpered at his deep devastating thrusts. One hand holding my ankles behind my ears, his other choking me. I wheezed at my airflow being cut off DON'T STOP DADDY. I CAN TAKE IT. He smirked and destroyed my brain. I was so lost in the moment that my orgasm squirted everywhere without my comprehending it. I mean I knew I was heading in that direction but DAAAAAMN! I honestly think I blacked out again. I tend to do that in high powered orgasms. Quaking in my insanity I felt Daddy release my ankles and drag me along for the ride. With his dick still inside me he rolled us over, me on top now. I was definitely unable to react outside of spasms.

GET IN THERE SON is all I heard. The next few minutes was sensing Chad moving in behind me and penetrating my ass. OHHHHH HELLLLL! That revived me. LOL! I had two dicks in me, my Dad and my Brother. What a fucked up family. LOL! Thank God I didn't have any more siblings. Yeah, we all know how that would end up don't we? LOL!

FUCK MEEEEEEEEE! I cried hard as both of them did their best to share in my holes. Daddy gripping my throat again to steady my eye contact. He wanted to watch my facial expression with two dicks terrorizing my nerves. I gave him a damn good idea. Yelping, moaning, screaming, begging, yearning...shall I go on? LOL! I think not! Especially considering that thinking is hard to do during this. Hang in there people...gonna cum again. YESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS! I LOVE YOU GUYS.

Chad who had my hair clenched in his fist, nutted in my ass seconds after I started shaking again. Daddy kept my head locked in his hands, draining me emotionally my tears returned. YOU ALRIGHT CUPCAKE? He glared torn between concern and a sneer. I replied with a straining voice DON'T STOP. They were tears of joy. He smiled then as Chad pulls out and slides away.

Daddy nodded his approval and told me I'M GONNA LET YOU GO. SIT UP AND RIDE YOUR OLE' MAN LIKE A PRINCESS. He unclasped his hands and I sat up on his dick and began my ride. At first I held my big breasts they were a little tender, but Daddy took my hands away LET THOSE BEAUTIES DANCE. I did. Even I like to see them bounce about. Tender or not I wasn't failing Dad. I bounced up and down on him hard and fast until finally he reached up and pulled me back down toward him. Surrounding my arms and upper body he crushed me against him and began thrusting up into me. GOD YES! I wish I could have seen his magnificent dick ramming my cunt. Eyes rolling back into my brain...be back later. LOL! 

For the record? Chad was recording Dad at that moment. He showed me privately the next day and swore me not to let Dad know. No problem Bro just send me a copy. LOL! He captured some pretty sexy cock diving let me tell you. Even when I gushed all around him. Listening to that recording I think I rallied my cries louder than any man had ever gotten out of these luscious lungs. Daddy just...OH MY GOD! I'm definitely coaxing Daddy into more of this. He's taking my breath away.

Chad stopped recording when Dad rolled me off and took me doggy style, yanking my hair so hard I think I lost a few locks. His thumb in my ass made me crazy too. I wailed all night long I think. I bet he still kept fucking me after I blacked out. All I recall is waking up the next morning in his bed to the smell of pancakes. My entire body ached between Dad, Chad, and the 30 plus guys at the nightclub. Sitting up I found my destroyed dress on the floor and started to put it on when Dad came in to check on me. Seeing me holding the dress he walked in and snatched it away, hurling me back on to his bed forcefully. I looked up at him with shock and fear.

NO CLOTHING IN MY HOUSE he barked pointing at me, then shredding what was left of my dress right before my eyes. SOOO FUCKING SEXY OLD MAN. I dropped my jaw at his tone. FROM HERE ON WHEN YOU"RE IN MY HOME I WANT YOU NAKED. I shyly nodded and said OKAY. He then sat down next to me and yanked me close, kissing my forehead. I LOVE YOU CUPCAKE. DO YOU REMEMBER LAST NIGHT? I sighed YES DADDY, that led me to lift a bit to kiss him on the cheek. He then asked if I wanted breakfast. I said YES, followed by DADDY?

He looked at me with a puzzled look and said YES? I then crawled out from under his arm and stretched out on the bed. Lifting my legs I placed my ankles behind my head on my own then pried my pussy wide to let him view my hole. I WANT BREAKFAST IN BED.

Breakfast became lunch. LOL! Dad fucked me another two hours. He made me promise to fuck him more often. I told him it was wrong we have to stop. YEAHHHHHHH RIGHT! LOL! FUCK YES DADDY. You just got visitation rights Buddy. LOL! Now I know just how big of a slut I really am. There is no going back on this life. SLUT VIOLET IS HERE TO STAY. Well, my being a slut that is. I like my real home. LOL!

Later that day Dad dropped me back home, wearing only one of his button down shirts and kissed me goodbye. Ten minute kiss mind you. LOL! Right in front of my own house, Mom and David home. Nobody inside saw us, just a neighbor watering his lawn, the guy that fucked me over Daddy's car hood. LOL! I mooned him on the way up my sidewalk. Daddy honked. The guy whistled. HA! His wife yelled WHAT THE HELL JOHN?

HI!

At least I waved at her. Was it weird that she smiled and waved back?

"Interrrrrresting! 


I Can't Stop Teasing Guys Ch. 15

Okay people, can we just get past the fact I fucked my Dad and my brother? Sure the DP was fun but come on stop looking at me like I'm the worst daughter ever. Daddy liked it. My brother loved it. Me? I'm going back for more. So BITE ME! LOL! Story for another day, when it happens. You know it will, so stop rolling your eyes at me. LOL

It's been a few weeks since that night. We've kept in touch by text to console one another. Daddy feels a bit of shame but I think he knows what he wants. LOL! Chad? I created a beast. My bro wants me whenever I have free time. As if I have free time. LOL! Guys are trying to get me every second of the day. It's becoming hard to go to work even. My boss still wants me, my co-workers want me. Heck my Boss even wants a threesome with his wife. I just might. LOL! As much fun as that all sounds I kind of miss my showing off in public. I need to get back out there and really tease hard. After getting away with everything at two malls and even on a mass transit bus I miss the peeps. It's fun to reach out to new guys and feed upon their lust for me. Nothing better.

A few of my Mall studs have been challenging me to break my gangbang record. Wish I knew what my record was? LOL! Kinda lost count. Over 30 I think, probably more, so if I do accept the challenge it needs to exceed 30. I'm totally game for that as long as it's not some staged party and a line out the door. I want to challenge them as much as they are me. So...I sent out a mass text to over 60 guys that I'd been challenged but only accepting it on my terms if they wanna take part. My idea is this...I'm going to start walking and they have to find me and fuck me wherever I am at the time. I'll send texts of my current locations and they just need to come tag Muah. So much potential in this. Condoms a must. No latex no lay me. LOL!

With the weekend coming I gave out instructions three days prior. All they had to reply back with is I'M IN. In me that is. LOL! So there you have it folks. Follow me? No serious...FOLLOW ME!! LOL! You're welcome to join in if you can locate me. You know you want to. LOL! Just come to Indianapolis this weekend and bring a condom. Hell bring a friend. LOL! Invites open. See me there. LOL!

Alright, back to reality. It's been over three weeks since David let his sons fuck my Mom. She still has no clue. Deserves her right for cheating on David. On my real Dad too even though they're divorced now. She's lucky David is sticking around. Part of me wonders if he's only doing that because of me. It's not that he's fucking me on the side, I think David just really cares about me. Loves Mom, but adores me. Keeping the family together seems to be on his agenda, which I'm happy about. I really don't want Mom to know about us. I love my Mom and even as shallow as she is in her relationships I don't truly wanna crush her by my stupidity. Nor, do I wanna stop being stupid. LOL! I'm a slut! Pure and simple. Maybe I am like Mom to a degree. If I were in a relationship I doubt I could be faithful either. I like dick way too much. Variety is the spice they say. Well, I like spicy. Except for Ginger it has no soul. LOL! At any rate, the family is still together. For now.

I'll get back to you guys on the weekend...

Saturday morning is here. Time to rise and shine Studs. Grab your condoms and charge those cellphones for directions. I'm always asked what am I wearing? How cliché, right? I just take pics and send them in mass. I selected three choices in clothing for the vote. Whichever got the most votes I plan on wearing. My choices were one my favorite micro mini skirt and camisole combos. Second being a sundress easily see through. Third a skimpy black bikini. For giggles I offered a fourth option where I was totally nude except for bobby socks. Of course, that was the winning vote. LOL! If I could I would peeps. Cops and kids wouldn't like that. If I was close to home then maybe I'd risk it. We'll see. Black bikini seemed to be getting a good amount of votes.

As I got showered up and looking adorably sexy I let the votes tally. While I was doing my make up David knocked on my bedroom door and came in. Mom was off on a job so he and I were the only ones home. Entering he moved behind me and I watched him in the mirror as he rubbed my shoulders tenderly. We talked about everything that happened yet again. I keep telling him I'm okay as long as Mom doesn't get hurt. Guilt slipped a bit even though he wasn't ever giving up on his lust for me. He wouldn't be rubbing my shoulders and kissing my neck if he were too stressed. I let him in on my walkabout and clothing vote. He was taken by surprise I think. Although he knows through his sons I'm capable of gangbangs, large ones at that. The whole outdoors in public spooked him I think. I just giggled and said YOU WOULD BAIL ME OUT. He agreed laughing. If not him my Dad would. i got this shit covered. LOL!

Looking at my cell pic tally I showed David my choices. He was partial to the bobby socks. LOL! Horndogs! Now I wanna wear them. LOL! He thought about what I was doing and posed an option. He could drive me around town and I could wear only the socks but get out wherever I felt comfortable and do my thing. Nice idea but I don't want my guys shying off due to a bodyguard. Least of all one that looked like my Dad. I declined. Face done I went back into my bedroom, David following like a lost puppy. I even bent over my bed and let him jerk off over my ass just to keep him happy with me. All while I was texting. LOL! I can walk and chew gum at the same time. LOL!

Votes over. Bikini won out even though I knew that the public might be leery of so much skin. That and technically it was against the law to wear so little out in public. Morality spoke. Was I worried about that? No. I planned on losing the bikini a lot today anyways. I just needed to be careful where I was and whom might observe me. Teasing was a risk no matter what or how I did it, I'd gotten away with far too much without getting busted to worry now. I'm choosing to take this risk. At least my bikini wasn't G-string style, if that was any consolation. Still sexy enough. David finished over my ass so I quickly washed off and put on my bikini. Looking it over in my mirror I asked David's opinion. SHOULD I WEAR THIS IN PUBLIC? He nodded his approval but said the bobby socks would be sexier. OMG! I wanna go nude now. LOL!

While the bikini did hide all the essentials I found myself torn. I know it was going to get the attention I deserve but I really wanted to get riskier. I did put on bobby socks. LOL! David still insisted I let him drive me around. I finally made a deal with him. He could drive me to wherever I wanted to get out and follow me from a distance. No contact until I needed a ride home. Logically it was safer. That, and when I could lose the bikini I had a place to leave it. LOL! COME ON DAVID LET'S RIDE.

I did prearrange a meet with certain guys to help me run interference when it became necessary. So David was essentially just another bodyguard. Dropping me off at a parking garage I began my journey. That garage was busy, it did have cameras but I counted on nobody watching those cameras unless someone reported me. My hope was that the person watching said camera later would be on my side. LOL! Pervs everywhere right? You know I'm right.

Taking me to the roof I got out and David parked far enough away not to interfere. I lingered up there leaning against other cars while texting. Within ten minutes my entourage showed up and I got the balls a rolling. Giving my four groupies their first chance at me I sure enough lost that bikini and went full on slut. I fucked on the car hoods of whatever was close by. I bent over and took it however they wanted me. Once they finished, more followers reached me. I moved from floor to floor and had sex on over ten cars. I noticed a few had dash cams. Wearing my sunglasses as my only disguise I made certain to look into that camera and beg PLEASE FUCK ME. Let's hope the owner wished he was there to get some. LOL!

Within the first hour there I had 13 guys. Quickies pretty much all. What I didn't know until the end of my adventure was that one of my entourage was milking condoms into a Big Gulp cup. LOL! Saving it in case I got thirsty. Holding out on me! LOL! We'll get to that drink later.

In the garage I stayed nude but by the time I got down to ground level I figured I should put that bikini back on. There was a problem with that though. My entourage refused to give it back to me. They demanded I stay nude. HELL YES! Just watch my back boys. Let Violet do her thing. I noticed one of my guys race ahead to the garage toll booth. A pudgy man sat collecting fares. He was warned I was coming. Yep! Fucked him. LOL! I sat in his lap riding him with people coming in and going out. OMG! Nobody and I mean nobody objected. So fucking cool. I even collected money from one guy on his way out. He asked for my number. Of course I gave it to him. I made him show me his dick to be certain he wasn't trapping me. Nice dick. LOL! Big head thick shaft. I had to tell him to hold up. He watched me finish off Toll Booth Guy then rush out to hop into the passenger side of his car. I asked him sweetly to pull out on to the street and park at a meter. I noticed a vacant meter across the street and he managed to beat anyone else to it.

Putting his seat back I asked if he had a condom, thankfully he did. I rode him right there on the street. Cars driving by gawking and grinning. Did anybody care what I did? LOL! What's the world cumming to? LOL! Me of course. My entourage across the street waited until my driver was done, then I crawled off and got out of his car. Taking a huge risk I ran across the street through oncoming traffic. Horns tooting and people laughing. So much fun. A cab driver even pulled up asking if I needed a ride. I rode him. As I was finishing up on him a few of my text buddies showed up and got into the backseat of the cab. I jumped in back and fucked them as the cabbie drove us around. It reminded me of my ride with Mitch and his friends on the way to the mall. I even hung out the door window flashing my tits.

After an eventful ride my guys paid my fare and I hooked back up at the parking garage. I waved at David in the distance, he was still hanging tough and giving me a thumbs up. I love David. LOL! Deciding I had enough guys with me I went for a walk. We successfully walked five blocks. More guys locating me within my cloaking studs. I was literally fucked from behind up against a trash receptacle along a curb. Just to be mean my boys gave me plenty of space to be seen, parting so traffic could view us going by. The horns were relentless. Realizing just how much I was achieving while totally nude I got bold. I told my entourage to keep giving me space. Let the fucking people see. I even walked across a crosswalk where people were walking the other way. Women praised my boldness. Guys drooled. Drivers waved and whistled.

Again, I lost count of how many guys I'd fucked. Luckily my entourage was keeping track. I was up to 22 now. In two hours time. Go me. No stopping now. I was getting edgy the further I prowled, I was moving into a business district. Not to mention I was being propositioned by way to many cars pulling up to the curb. They presumed I was a hooker. Probably should be. LOL! Finally, after being harassed some my entourage came to my rescue and surrounded me again. Off we went, David circling the block keeping a close eye.

At a convenient store we crossed the lot and I flashed guys pumping gas. Some were coaxed around the corner where an air hose was. One of them fucked me against the wall of the store. From there I was dared to enter the store. I agreed as long as I was blocked going in then out. Within the store were two employees one male another female. She was definitely a dike. LOL! She was all for letting me get away with anything I wanted. The guy was less receptive, kind of shy. Cameras or not I told my boys to give me room. I poured myself a fountain drink and greeted men coming in to pay for gas. One volunteered to pay for my drink. Nice guy. Married and faithful though.

The girl working there asked to eat me out. Sure! Why not? It all added to my adventure. I sat on the front counter and let her while the male employee kept busy with being cashier. It amazed us all how cool people coming in were. Girl on girl really made guys happy. LOL! After a quick fix on my part, it felt good to cum again but on my terms. After seeing a cop pull up outside we were led out the back door for safety. Whew! Got lucky there.

Taking a break I claimed my cellphone from one of my entourage and shot texts of my location accompanied by a pic out to reel in more fun. Walking a block further down there was Mechanic shop. Tires, brakes, things like that. Garage doors open for ventilation I made my way toward them. Seeing me coming all work ceased. Guys were taking breaks of their own. I entered without asking and said hi. Flirting came easy, in minutes I was bent over a set of Firestone tires and hit hard. I screamed so loud a guy working there used a torque wrench to make deafening sounds to mask my distress. FUCK YESSSSS! Two guys in a row. Traffic driving by on the street watching.

The owner took me inside a waiting room and tapped me there more privately. Air conditioning. FINALLY! Waiting on his car another man just watched and smiled. Evidently the owner knew the guy because he said OVERLOOK US JOHN. He didn't. LOL! Flat on my back he tore me up missionary. After cumming hard I rested a bit before moving on. Everyone took care of me. 26 guys, 1 girl. Getting close to that 30. I needed to go bigger. On our way out a tow truck driver pulled a car in. He nailed me after unhooking it. Outdoors against his tow truck. 28!

Three blocks down we found a small park. A group of young men were playing basketball. I volunteered to play. I sucked but it was good for laughs. Right on the free throw line I was nailed. DP even. Daaaaaaaaamn that was a nice relay. I dribbled like a bitch. LOL! Every single one of those guys filled condoms. 34! Beat my record I think. Might need to go higher just to be certain. LOL!

Finding us in the park another six men parked and fucked me in the grass and on a tennis court. I had to be surrounded when some younger kids came through on skateboards. Minor setback. LOL! They heard me, no way they missed that much. My guys shooed them away without being seen. 40 now. I wish I could say I was tired but dammit I needed more dick. When I go gangbang I just get this craving. Maybe I need therapy. No I told my Dad that, he said no you just need me. LOL! True.

Hanging out in the park another four showed up. OMG! MITCH!! My bus buddy, my mall amigo, my convertible lover. I ran past everyone and jumped into his arms. It was good to see Mitch again. As we got reacquainted he told me he had a surprise coming. I was excited to see what he had for me. Seeing as I had not gone to his Fraternity, he brought the Fraternity to me. Twelve of his college buddies came cruising in until there were no more parking spaces. I danced about as Mitch took me by the hair and led me into them. Swarmed by lust they took me hard. I hadn't sucked much dick today but they were making up for lost time. I was face fucked by five of the twelve. Fucked by all twelve. Anal by three. 52 guys. OMG! YESSSSSSSSSSS!

Mitch made me promise to let him take me out again. No way was I saying no. I needed my Mitch. LOL! He was my pimp. LOL! Exhausted and reeking I decided 52 was good enough. Even though my guys said no way. LOL! As Mitch and his bunch took off I lay in the grass just relaxing. Some of my entourage came back for seconds. Why the hell not? Taking it doggy I watched traffic going by. I was far enough back from the street to not be stressed. David pulled in after circling the park like 30 times while I was busy. Behind him to my shock were his sons. Oh shit! What did I do now?

In their SUV's they had three friends each. Guys from their Frat. They joined us and there I lay screaming until I was hoarse. Fucked by my future step brothers yet again, and all their friends. David this time got out of his car and watched me being manhandled into every position possible. 60! OMG!

Gotta admit my holes were raw. I'd dried up long ago and nobody cared. If I'd had lube I could go on further. Lube I got the hard way. My entourage member with that Big Gulp cup filled the last drop brought it up for me to finally notice. Handing it to David I literally watched him kneel over me and spill it over my body from head to toe. Saving some he made me drink the rest. OMG! Bukkake chaser. My mouth was frothing. I LOVE MILKSHAKES. LOL! Yummy. Oh, David removed my bobby socks and used them as a napkin to dab the corners of my mouth. Ewww!

Of course the Larabee boys videoed every drop. Pornstar Violet reporting for booty. LOL! David tossed the cup, stood up and dropped his pants in front of everyone. Never would I have imagined David to do it, but he fucked me covered in the cum of God knows how many condoms my buddy milked. Surely, he didn't get 61 condoms. David? He didn't wear a rubber. I felt every last shot he sent into me. I'm fine with him going without. It shocked me his sons even wore a condom. Finally, guys were listening. LOL!

The remainder of my day I was treated to a bath at a car wash. LOL! I laid on his hood while he washed his car masturbating just as he told me to. It was exhilarating, customers watching me play. I even hopped down and helped other customers wash their cars. No one else fucked me but I was felt up by four other men. I need to do this more often, it's fun being so open in public, most of all when I'm being coaxed into more and more. David liked showing me off. Who am I to deny? LOL!

In his car on the way out David asked me where to next. I was tired, but open to suggestions so I left it up to him. He chuckled and said, HOW ABOUT THE ZOO? I bulged my eyes then pointed at him. NO BESTIALITY! I made him laugh until he mulled over the idea. It took a slap to his arm to get the weirdness out of his head. NOT GONNA HAPPEN!!

We settled for doggy in a dog park. Yeah, I barked and wagged my tail. LOL! Is it strange that I rolled around on my back as he rubbed my belly?

NICE DAVID! GOOD BOY!



16