A little later at Morse's house

Lewis rings Morse's door bell, nervously shifting from one foot to the other. It seems to take ages for Morse to open the door. When he does, he seems surprised to find Lewis on his doorstep.

"Lewis? Don't tell me there's been another murder."

"No, Sir, nothing like that."

"Then what?"

"I... I'd like to take a look at your book."

Morse looks at him, baffled. "My book."

Lewis offers him a smile.

"You've come out here to look at one of my books."

"Yes, Sir. The Rochester."

The Chief Inspector finally steps aside to let Lewis enter. "Why the urgent interest in poetry?"

Lewis licks his lips before answering. "I..." He digs around in his pocket and produces his notepad. "I only wrote bits of the poem down the other evening, I was hoping you'd be able to fill in the blanks."

Morse shakes his head, trying to make sense of Lewis's behaviour. "Changed your mind about Mrs. Lewis and poetry, have you, Lewis?" He walks into the living room and looks for the book on his shelf.

Lewis is following closely behind. "Not exactly."

When Morse turns around, the book in hand, he finds Lewis has sat down on his sofa. He walks over to the younger man and holds out the book to him, but Lewis doesn't reach for it.

"I was hoping you'd read it to me. I'd like to hear how it's supposed to sound."

Morse eyes him suspiciously. "You what?"

"Please?" Lewis asks, his eyes glued to the book in Morse's hands. He can't quite make himself look Morse in the eye, he's too nervous, not sure if this is what he really wants to do. But then Morse sits down next to him, opens the book and starts leafing through the pages.

"The Discovery, if I remember correctly..."

"Yeah, that's the one."

Again, Morse hesitates, but Lewis seems so keen on him reading the poem that he doesn't have the heart to refuse. So he starts reading it out loud. When he finishes and looks up from the book, he finds that Lewis has closed his eyes.

"Are you all right, Lewis?"

Lewis opens his eyes again and smiles at him. "Couldn't be better, Sir." And before he can chicken out, he leans over and kisses the surprised Chief Inspector. It's just a light brush of lips against lips, but it's enough for Lewis to be sure that, yes, this is exactly what he wants to do.

He pulls back and looks at Morse. The older man seems shocked and it takes him a moment to find his speech. "Why did you do that?!"

Lewis gives him a smug look. "Because I wanted to."

Morse gets up and turns his back to Lewis. "You're a married man, Lewis. You've got a family relying on you."

"I know. That's why it took me so long..." Now Lewis is struggling to find the right words. "Why it took me so long to figure out they're not the only ones I love," he explains, his voice barely more than a whisper.

But Morse understands him and slowly turns around. "Lewis, I'm not in the mood for bad jokes."

Lewis looks hurt. "But... the poem. When I read it to you, you asked why I was so interested in it. I didn't realise it then, but it's because it's about you and me."

When Morse doesn't comment, he continues. "You asked because you knew it back then, didn't you? You knew it long before me, but you didn't say anything. But... the way you looked at me. And on the train, offering me deals so I'd come back on duty, come back to you, right? And your concern when I got bumped over the head, you wouldn't have had to come down to the hospital, but you needed to, didn't you?"

He gets up and walks over to where Morse is standing. "This isn't just me, is it?"

Morse's voice sounds hoarse when he finally speaks. "No, it's not just you. But you're still a very married man."

"I don't intend to change that. I love Val. And the kids." He pauses and looks right into Morse's eyes. "But I also want to be with you. I think I've wanted to for a while, only I didn't quite figure that out until today."

"So, now what?"

"I don't know," Lewis has to admit.

Morse finally reaches out a hand to touch Lewis's cheek. "You're right, I've known for a while. I've tried to ignore it, and it's hard to ignore those feelings when I see you most days. But, you're married, I'm your superior... how do you think this should work?" He lets his hand drop again. "As much as I'd like to think this was possible, it just isn't, Lewis."

"We don't need to tell anyone," Lewis says. "At work everyone knows we're quite close-knit, so no one would notice, and, though she complains about it, Val is used to my odd hours. She blames you for them anyway."

Morse's expression is soft when he continues. "You don't want to risk your marriage for a grumpy old man, Lewis. Go home."

"No." Lewis takes a deep breath. "I know it's not really fair on Val, but I feel like I've had a relationship with you for long already, only I wasn't aware of it."

This actually makes Morse chuckle. "If you call our partnership a relationship, Lewis, I worry about the state of your marriage."

Lewis rolls his eyes at him. "I'm just saying. I've loved you all this time and I didn't realise. But we spend so much time together anyway. I just... look at it differently now." He looks down. "Unless this isn't enough for you, because I'm not going to leave Val."

"I wouldn't want you to. I've been to your house, I've seen your family. Believe me, Lewis, I would never want to be responsible for destroying your marriage."

Lewis looks back up into Morse's blue eyes. "So?" He asks.

"You're sure about this?"

"Yeah. You?"

"I'm getting there."

"Good enough," Lewis decides and leans in for a real kiss.

Morse's hesitation wanes quickly and his hands come up to cup Lewis's face. When Lewis finally pulls away, he takes Morse's hands in his and pulls him along to the sofa where they resume their kisses.

Kissing and holding each other is all they do this evening until Lewis finally pulls away with a sigh after checking his watch. "I've got to go home."

The longing is obvious on Morse's face but he still nods. "I suppose so, yes."

Lewis steals another kiss from the older man's lips before he gets up.

"I'm sorry. I'd love to stay, but I promised Val..."

Morse shakes his head. "Don't. Don't be sorry. It's all right. I'll see you tomorrow."

"You really don't mind, Sir?"

"I don't. This is more than I ever expected to get. And you might want to drop the sir when we're alone."

"And call you what instead?"

Morse shrugs. "Morse?" He gets up, too and they walk to his front door.

Lewis tries it in his mind and shakes his head. "No, that feels wrong. But I'll think about what I might call you instead."

"Robbie?"

Lewis smiles at hearing his first name. "Yeah?"

"Good night."

Lewis wraps his arms around Morse one last time for a long hug before he opens the door. "Good night, Sir."