Sophie Digitally Naked in School
by Executionus

Part 11:

Half-naked Ben just asked me if I wanted to see him finish stripping for me now that we were alone. I was so horny right now that not only was the answer to THAT question a resounding "yes", but I would also say yes to anything else he asked of me right now. If he asks for my virginity, it's his. I don't have the willpower to say no to such sexiness right now. The fact that he's such a sweetheart and I feel like I can trust him completely is just eliminating all of what's left of my inhibitions. But am I ready for this? As Minka I talk a big game but I've never actually done anything sexual with a boy. That shit with Billy didn't count, and I will stab anyone who says otherwise. This would be for real. This is a huge line to cross, but if he asks me for it or makes any moves to take me right now, then I am all his. ALL his. My fate hinges on what Ben does right now, because if he ever figures out the power that he has right now then he will get every single deep carnal desire he has and then some.

I can't let him know how in heat I am, so I try to be at least somewhat cool with my reply to him asking if I wanted to see him finish stripping "There is nothing that I want more. Follow me backstage first, though. I don't want us to be disturbed"

That wasn't a lie in any way. If this is happening, I don't want to risk somebody catching me and ruining it. This is my first time, I want it to be amazing and perfect. We gather up our clothes in our arms, not putting any of them on, as we walk backstage. I lure him into the girls changing room and we shut the door behind us. Here I stand, in a closed private room, completely naked, with my sexy sweet freshman boy who was about to also get naked for me. Nobody would ever catch us in here. We could do anything, absolutely anything we wanted to each other. If I touched him I'd never stop. If he touched me I'd never let him stop. Once his underwear gets removed, I might not be able to stop no matter what. But nothing on this Earth could keep me from watching him pull it down for me, absolutely nothing.

Ben was visibly shaking with nerves of his own. It was very obvious that he was also a virgin and just as inexperienced as I was, if not more so. I think the exact same thoughts I was having were running through his own brain right now. And here I am, his dream girl, completely naked in a room with him. He called me "flawless" and "the hottest girl in the school" earlier today in the computer lab. It made me shiver way back then, and it still makes me shiver every time I replay that conversation in my memory. At the time he thought he didn't have a chance of ever even being NOTICED by Minka, yet now here I am, naked with him in this room, waiting to watch him strip. And maybe...maybe a hundred other things after that.

Ben's hands went to his waistband, blushing madly, as he softly whispered "I'm...sorry, I'm really nervous. I've never done this before. No girl has ever...you know, seen me naked"

I respond to that "Ben, darling, you are crazy hot. If you had any idea how freaking sexy you are or how wet I am right now just from the anticipation of seeing you naked, then you wouldn't have an ounce of nervousness left. You called me the hottest girl you've ever seen in your life earlier today. Looking at you now, you're the hottest boy ever...both in looks and in your personality. Now I want to see your hottest part for myself!"

The look on Ben's face got really confused for a second, and then went bright like a lightbulb went off "Oh my God, that WAS you! In the computer lab earlier today, that was you! I knew it!"

Oops. Crap, duh! Stupid stupid stupid. I forgot that I was Sophie when he called me that! At least I never gave him my name at the time.

I stutter "Um..y..yeah it was. That's...uh...what I look like normally, without the make up and all that. Please don't tell that to anybody, I like to stay hidden unless it's on my terms."

Ben quickly vowed "I won't, I swear it. I knew it, I had this crazy feeling that you were that girl from earlier when I saw you walk into the auditorium. You both had the same beautiful eyes, and your body types were the same."

I nervously smirk "Would you believe that you're one of the only ones who could tell just from looking? And...you really like my eyes?"

Ben blushed as he replied "Minka, I love everything about you. Every inch, every part, your voice (especially without the fake accent), the things you say, and how badass you are. You've been so kind to me even though when we first met you caught me looking at your nude pictures. I can't believe that you caught me looking at your private pics, which were leaked against your will, and instead of yelling at me for being a pathetic pervert you were so cool about it and wanted to look at them with me. I can't even imagine any other girl being like that. You're amazing."

Compliments still make me horny, even as Minka, and I was already very close to the edge of pouncing this boy and taking him whether he wanted it or not. If he doesn't stop I'm going to do that to him, no joke. I'm serious. But truthfully...I don't want him to stop. I'm tired of being cautious and responsible. In fact, fuck it, I'm going to dare him to continue! I'm giving him complete power over me now.

I reply "It's weird. Everybody seeing me naked was embarrassing as hell and humiliating, but some parts weren't so bad. I really like when a boy or girl I like is admiring my body. I never got that before today from anyone, and then suddenly I was getting it from everyone at once. Earlier today when I saw how much you were enjoying my pictures, it didn't make me mad one bit...it made me feel special, like I was this big sexy superstar. I was scared that you would recognize me or that you wouldn't like my body, but then you said the things that you did. Before today I honestly thought I was unattractive. I have that huge fear moment with everyone when I see them looking at my pictures btw. I'm completely terrified that they'll recognize me, make fun of me, or insult me, and then I'm filled with pleasure when they tell me how much they love me instead. When people don't know that it's me, they tell me the raw unfiltered truth about their desires for my body and it's such a rush! Honestly...I love hearing everyone compliment me about how hot they find me and my pictures. I love it so much. SO MUCH! Don't tell anyone please, but...it's a massive turn on when somebody compliments me sexually. Huge, gigantic, you don't even know. It drives me wild and makes me crave naughty things. I think it's a fetish that I didn't know I had until today. Even though it's embarrassing and humiliating and stressful as fuck, somehow being a public fantasy for everyone in the whole school gives me a rush that is almost like a drug high. And the more explicit the compliment, the more it turns me on. I could actually lose control and do...something crazy...if I endured too many sexy compliments at once. I'm not even joking."

Ben's face said it all...he wanted to test me. It was killing him. He wanted to see what would happen if he pressed his luck, but at the same time he was shy and nervous and didn't want to offend me, scare me away, or seem too forward. He stayed silent, but I could see his internal dilemma. His goodness was torturing him. I needed to give him a reminder that I really like him and that it's ok.

I continued "I love everything about you too by the way. You're sweet and caring, you're trustworthy, your eyes make me shiver, and god damn those ABS my man! The only thing that I hate about you right now are those briefs. They need gone ASAP."

Reminding Ben that he's supposed to be stripping for me made him suddenly break eye contact and look towards the wall. The tension in the air was thick enough to drown on, and when he tried to say something in response it just came out as a couple awkward noises. He was terrified of letting me, his dream girl, see him naked, but on the other hand he wanted so badly for me, his dream girl, to lust over his body. I knew that exact feeling, that's been my whole day.

Without ever giving me a real verbal response, he just closed his eyes and started slowly lowering his underwear for me. Ben's abs now led into a tight V that traveled all the way down until the hair appeared. I watched without blinking as the base of his shaft came into view. His was so much bigger and better than Jerry's fail earlier. I stopped breathing, my entire body freezing to memorize every nanosecond of this moment. As the underwear came fully off, Big Ben popped out and stood pointing right at me, solid as stone with a tiny wet spot on the tip from how horny he was. This was the first time ever that a hot boy had ever stripped for me, and it was perfect! I think I legitimately almost came from witnessing it.

I gasped, remembering to breathe finally. "Oh my God that is SO HOT!! You are so hot. So hot. Super hot. Ben I'm shaking, seriously. Thank you!"

He smiled, but couldn't bear to hold eye contact with me as he asked "Am I really that good compared to all the others you've seen?"

I decide to tell him Minka's biggest secret "Ok don't tell anyone, because it ruins my image, but...I'm actually a virgin. You are the first boy ever to strip naked for me, and you're perfect. Ben I've been thinking about you since this morning...seriously, I have. I never thought I'd get lucky enough to have you standing naked right in front of me like this! And that thing is so freaking big, I don't even think it would fit in me."

Fit in me. DID I JUST SAY "Fit in me" OUT LOUD? Well, the Sophie part of my brain just passed out from the shock, but at least I don't have to worry about her complaining anymore.

Ben, trembling after I said that, merely replied "I...I don't know about that. I'm also a virgin. But I'm the lucky one here, I have the most beautiful girl in the entire school standing in front of me completely naked. The pictures don't do your body justice."

More compliments, the sly boy. I slide my feet out of my heels now, because I no longer want even the slightest clothing item on my body right now. They would only get in the way of what my mind is thinking right now anyway. At this point I'm subtly rubbing my legs together because of my arousal, but my naked pussy is screaming at me for more direct attention. It doesn't want my hand this time, though. It wants that tasty treat two feet in front of me!

Still, I need more from him first "Tell me...what makes me the most beautiful girl in the school? Please, tell me everything, every detail. Don't hold back, even talking about my body parts. In fact, make sure to tell me everything you love about them, don't you dare be shy. You can mention my pictures too. Tell me everything you love about me, all of me, and don't stop until I make you stop"

I watch his penis twitch upwards when I order him to compliment me. I just told him a minute ago that it was a huge turn on for me. I told him that I might lose control if he kept doing it. I think he might suspect the truth...that I'm right on the very edge of fucking his sweet brains out. I hope he figured it out. I hope he understands that all he needs are a few choice words in this moment. I hope he realizes that if he says the right thing to me, I am going to burn both of our V-cards in a fire of passion right here on the floor of this dressing room and not even Superman would be strong enough to pull me off of Big Ben.

Shaking, blushing, Ben answered me "Your eyes are gorgeous, super energetic and expressive. I love their unusual color, that shiny faded green. I've never known anyone else whose eyes looked like yours. They're how I recognized you earlier, because there couldn't be two girls with eyes like that...that beautiful. Your hair is so bright and smooth and I love the way it looks on you right now. Your face, your body, everything about you is perfect. Your boobs are amazing, the perfect size and...and I wish I could touch them...and squeeze them. I could stare at your naked body all day, for real. I mean, I HAVE been staring at your naked body all day to be honest, and I never get tired of it. Your legs are smooth and sexy. Your tummy is flat and really hot, like you have no fat at all. And...your...um...pussy is.... I'm sorry, I don't know what to say here without sounding weird or creepy, but... Your pussy looks like heaven. In the pictures..with..um...legs apart...it uh...was amazing. I really want to touch it and...maybe...um......"

He's extremely nervous trying to say the right thing without crossing any lines, which I admit is still cute, but him holding back is giving me slight frustration. His lustful words are sending me over the edge now, but I need something raw and intense to break my inhibitions forever! I'm breathing heavily, trembling, pussy throbbing between my legs pressed tightly together. He can see how horny I am right now, it is blatant. I need this. I need this more than I have ever needed anything else in my life. I would trade oxygen for that dick right now, but I need him to give me that last little push. I need it, I need his words to give me the confidence and courage to actually go through with this for real. Not a fantasy, the real thing. I can't do it without that last push. He can easily see how his compliments are driving me completely crazy in a fog of hormones but I have to make him stop holding back right freaking now and ask me directly for what he wants!

"Ben" I softly whisper while my hands twitch and I shake back and forth "Don't hold back. Don't be shy. Don't be afraid. Tell me how you feel, tell me what you'd LIKE to feel, and tell it to me plainly. You can be crude and direct. I want your animal, your dark side. I want to know what your gorgeous dick is reacting to right now and what it wants from me. Look me in the eyes and tell me your deepest desire. I am your genie...make a wish right here and now and I will grant it immediately, every single word to the letter with no limit no matter what you ask of me!"

He swallowed hard, and I watched as his dick started to drip from the tip a little bit. He had to be just as horny as I was. I could tell that he was just as nervous as I was. We're both shaking and sweating, both of us standing naked in front of somebody we're attracted to for the first time in either of our lives. We're both thinking of just one thing, the same thing, on repeat in our brains. I knew he was thinking of that thing right now, it was written all over his dick. I just desperately needed him to say it out loud for me. If he didn't ask me for things, I was going to chicken out, even as Minka. But anything he asked of me he would get, I did not lie about that. Anything. Literally anything.

Ben took four whole anxiety-rising seconds to think, took a deep breath, and then told me "I wish you were mine! I wish for your heart, your soul, and your body. I want every perfect inch of you from your head to your toes mine forever. I want to touch you, kiss you, and make love to you. You're so damn sexy, the hottest woman in the world! I've never been this horny before in my life. I wish to explore your amazing body and touch every part of you with every part of me. I want to feel your skin and my dick wants to feel your insides. I want to go deeper inside of you than any camera could ever hope to reach! I want all of you Minka.....starting right this moment because I wish for your virginity!!!"

OOH!!! FUCK!!! YES!!! Mmmmmmm. That is what I needed! God I feel tingles all over, my body overwhelmed with lust and pleasure. My eyes rolled into my head halfway through his declaration of love and lust for me as I started to lose control by the end. My mouth is open breathing very loudly. My pussy is pulsing now, swelling in happiness and leaking down my legs. My hands can't hold still, they're desperately screaming at me to touch the naked guy in front of me.

I catch my breath just long enough to moan to him "Your wish is my command!"


Part: 12

I sprint forward and crash into his naked body, grabbing him tightly and kissing him. I run into him so fast and so hard that he trips backwards a little bit and we both fall into a locker door. His raging hard-on presses firmly against my thigh and hip area, which is a turn-on that I never even knew that I had before. My hands start roaming his bare back and his chest, I'm like a frantic animal. At first he's nervous about touching me with his hands, but soon he starts lightly rubbing my bare back. His touch lights my senses on fire, making me gasp and accidentally break the kiss.

While his hands explore my nude back, I grab his head and pull his right ear close to my mouth in order to aggressively whisper to him "Your hands don't ever stop touching my body until I say so. Do you hear me? Your hands do NOT leave my body for any reason! Touch everything!"

That did the trick. Ben's timidness evaporates immediately after that order, fully groping up and down my back firmly. When his hands reach down to grab and squeeze both of my butt cheeks at once, I moan for him. That one wasn't a performance for his feelings, that one was 100% real. I return the favor, grabbing his butt and pulling his pelvis up against my body. I could feel his dick throbbing, I could literally FEEL it pulsing against my thigh and nothing in my entire life has ever felt sexier. It's not even touching my pussy yet and already I feel like I might cum. His hands, not leaving my body, trace a path from my butt to my front, rubbing and squeezing my breasts now. I still have him pinned against the locker and our lower halves are pressed together, but now our upper halves part just enough for fondling fun. My hands are running all over his chest, shoulders, and his abs, touching everything he has up there. He feels amazing. My hands are starving for this hunk of man meat and they demand the chance to sample every inch.

After a minute or so I can't take my crotch being so close and yet so far anymore, so I turn my hips just enough to move my pussy lips towards where his dick is. It takes a few seconds, but when I get it finally into position resting on the top of his shaft the sensation is instant, wild, and INTENSE! He freezes up a little bit again when that line is crossed, but I don't give this boy more than a single second to get timid and shy on me again. My pussy was dying to touch his dick, so now I'm rubbing it up and down against it and grinding all over the topside. I can feel it pulsing against me, straining to push inside if only we were even close to the right angle for that. The desire to enter my body is driving it completely crazy, giving it so much power in its throbbing that it feels like it's trying to push me backwards. I feed off of that hunger with every passionate thrust.

Ben suddenly shocks me as he joins in with his hips grinding against me repeatedly in response to me grinding against him. Oh...my...GOD!! Oh boy. Oh yeah. This innocent boy has no idea what he done now. He's not ready for this, guaranteed, but he's getting it anyway after that mistake.... I grab his back with both of my arms and I squeeze tightly while I wrap my right leg around the back of his legs to get extra leverage to my thrusts. Now I'm hitting it as hard as I can, sliding my lips and clit hood all over his huge cock like a crazed maniac. I feel myself mimicking what Jay did to me earlier today, but a thousand times more intensely. I'm sure it would look awkward as hell to any non-virgins watching, but to me this was the sexiest sex to ever sex so far in my desperately horny little life and I'm not even being penetrated yet! I easily cum from this while making a ton of moaning and squealing noises that were not even remotely dignified. It's a good thing that I can go many times, and I plan to push that number to a new record.

Three seconds after I came, Ben suddenly pushed me off of his dick in a hurry and had this intensely afraid look on his face. I got super self-conscious for a second wondering if I had just squirted on him or something and grossed him out, but looking at his dick for evidence of that theory showed that he was reacting to a whole different problem. Even without either of us touching it, his dick was dancing and throbbing wildly, tensing up like it was about to explode. God it was mesmerizing, absolutely the hottest thing I've ever seen in my life. He held me away from him for five seconds until it calmed down, and I realized that he just approached within maybe half of an inch of cumming by accident from me grinding on him so wildly.

He looked as guilty as possible as he stammered "I'm..I'm sorry, I..uh...I mean I almost..."

My poor boy. I quickly walked to the side of his twitching titan to avoid accidentally stimulating it and I kissed him quickly before comforting him "Ben! Ben! It's ok, It's ok. I love that I got you so close so fast. It's hot! You're hot. I love how much you love my body, Ben. Please never stop being this horny for me and all of my little parts no matter how long we live. Promise me!"

Ben smiled shyly "I promise. Minka, that is the easiest promise that I've ever made!"

I smile back "Good. And I promise the same, tiger! Also...I'm going to let you in on two little secrets. First...you weren't the only one of us to get close. You were just the only one of us strong enough to stop before they came"

The look of proud bewilderment on my virgin boy's face was worth billions. He quickly asked "You came???"

I nodded "When I made all that noise right before you pulled us apart. Thank you so much for waiting until after I fully came by the way haha. Seriously, that was amazing, I've never felt anything quite like that type of orgasm, and it's only the first of what I hope will be many before we're done."

Ben looked down "I...I hope I can do that for you, but I don't have a clue what I'm doing. And...if I...you know...I won't be able to do any more for you. I don't even have any condoms, so it's probably a really bad idea for me to go inside at all when I can't fully control myself. I don't think I'm going to be good enough to give you multiple."

In order to playfully get his mind back in the game, I place the tip of my index finger on the top of his dick, just holding it there for a few seconds as I watch him shiver for me and feel it aggressively unconsciously thrust upwards to push my finger. I then tell Ben "Trust me, you are good enough. You are unbelievable. I'm just as inexperienced as you are. Everything that I know about sex comes from about 10 terabytes of grade-A 4K quality pornography. Please don't worry about going off inside, I've been on the pill for quite a while so it's safe. And boys have more than just one tool for pleasuring a woman you know. We're not leaving here until I try them all. We'll give your dick a break or two and it'll be fine. And speaking of this dick? Your body? RAWR!! If you give me permission to take some pictures of you right now while you're naked, hard, and lubricated with a little bit of my juice 'marking my territory' on this work of art sticking out here, then I swear to you on my soul that you never have to worry about not giving me enough climaxes. Pictures of you will give me thousands of orgasms again and again every time I bring up the pictures during my alone time. My pussy will never forget your name."

My Ben, my sweet shy Ben, his mouth just dropped completely from my request. I hoped and prayed that he would say yes, even though I know it's a huge thing to ask of somebody. I wasn't lying about what I would do with those pictures, nor how frequently.

He finally answered me "Oh...ok. I guess that's fair since I have yours."

JACKPOT! You'd better believe that I wasted no time grabbing my phone. I looked briefly at my screen and it had something like 100 notifications, mostly Telegram messages to Minka, some texts, missed calls, and other stuff that I didn't care one jack squat diddly about right now when it is time to take naked pictures of Adonis in human form! I went straight into the camera and snapped like 50 pictures of him from every angle and in every pose in the span of a minute. Full frontal, his chest, his abs, his shoulders, his arms, his back, his sweet ass, and you'd better believe I snapped a couple dozen of that cock alone. His dick never stopped being rock hard for my camera, which I loved. Actually I've never seen it less than max hardness yet what-so-ever, which fills me with a naughty sense of pride. I could feel myself smiling like a little girl on Christmas morning the entire time I was snapping pictures of him, and Ben seemed to be a little turned on by my frantic lusting over his body even if he was also looking a little embarrassed about, you know, a girl taking naked pictures of him.

I also made sure to take several pictures of us together naked as well, including two of us kissing. Because I don't know when to quit, I even grabbed his dick for the very first time ever and took pictures of it in my hand so that I could always remember the very first time that I actually held it. It felt so warm and firm, pulsing outward in every direction as if it was trying to stretch my hand open. I couldn't close my hand completely while holding it, which was crazy hot but also made me start to worry about how exactly this thing was supposed to actually fit inside of my little bitty hole.

While I'm holding him, Ben then nervously asked me "You're...you're not going to show or send them to other people though right? Please?"

I move my hand up and down his shaft extremely slowly to tease him. The twitching against my fingers is hypnotic! I then answer "I would never do that to you, I swear it. I was traumatized by Jerry doing it to me. And that brings me to secret number 2...and this is the hard one, the one I hope you don't hate me for...."

Suddenly Ben kissed me! The brat caught me completely off guard. He then told me "I could never hate you, even if you turned out to be a serial killer."

I giggle at that a little, but then I let go of him and walk over to the desk to grab one of the make up remover cloths. I take a deep breath before I use it to clean my face completely, removing every trace of Minka from both my face and my looney little mind.

I turn back towards him and before I even say anything he tells me "You're beautiful even without make up, Minka. You didn't have to worry about that"

Sweet boy. Still, he misjudged the point of me doing that. I calmly tell him "Thank you, but no that isn't my secret. The secret is that I use the make up as a disguise. My real name isn't actually Minka. I'm sorry about that. Minka was a cover story to hide my true identity from the public because I was so embarrassed and ashamed when my pictures leaked. My greatest fear is that people will recognize me as the girl in the pictures and that my life will be destroyed by them. I'm terrified of being made fun of, judged, arrested, or any of a thousand other life-ruining consequences of my pictures being out for everyone to see. Not to mention, everyone's worst fear in the world is being naked in school...and now I am naked for the whole school, with pictures, forever. My one and only solace is that almost nobody knows that I am the person they're all staring at.

Minka was somebody I invented to take the credit, in order to lure people away from the real me. My real name.......is Sophie. Sophie Vos, Arnold Vos's older sister. I'm the girl Jerry thought was dating Minka because he stole her pictures from my Google account yesterday. I'm nothing like Minka, not really. She's just an act. She's who I fantasize about being, who I wish I could be. I'm not some badass dominant extrovert that loves her body and gets off to making boys and girls happy. The real me is a shy and nervous introvert loser afraid of being looked at who's horny all day and night but couldn't get laid by a decent guy to save her life. The girl you met in the computer lab, that's the true me. I'm not a superstar. Hell I'm a nerd. I'm a nerd who took pictures of herself dolled up like a superstar so that I could pretend that the girl was real and that she was my girlfriend sending me nudes. I then got off to my own nudes. How lame is that? I just...I needed you to know the REAL me before we went all the way, so that you wouldn't hate me if you found out later. I had to tell you in case you wanted to back out before it was too late."

Ben eventually spoke "It's ok, Sophie. Don't worry so much about not being 'good enough' for me. Trust me, your kindness and sexiness are so great that I would fight for you if I had to. I understand completely why you made a fake persona, so now I want to know every single bit about the real you over the next few days and weeks. I don't care if your name isn't Minka, or if you're an introvert. I'm a shy introvert too if you haven't noticed. I still love you, I always will, and I will never want to back out. And TRUST ME when I say that you do not have the slightest problem getting laid by a guy, which I intend to prove to you here and now"

I was so glad to hear all of that and it sent chills through me. This sweet boy...MY sweet boy...it's as if every moment I spend here with him destroys all of my insecurities. I am standing before him completely naked and vulnerable. No...I am standing here COMPLETELY naked and vulnerable, stripped even of my mask of Minka. I realize in this moment that the entire school may have seen Minka naked, but Ben is now looking at Sophie's naked body. Ben is the first person ever to see HER naked. That thought makes me shiver a little. I really like the idea of calling him the first boy to see me naked, as if Minka was truly a different person from me entirely. He is the first person to truly see ME, no masks, no lies, no secrets...just me at my truest level. He saw the real, 100% naked version of Sophie Vos, body, heart, and soul, and he responded with three special words: he loves me. And I think that I love him...for real.

Ben then walked right up in front of me with an extremely wicked look on his face. I was trying to figure out what he was thinking and how it related to "proving" how easily I can get laid right now, when suddenly he reached out and grabbed my soaked pussy with his right hand! I gasped like I was being murdered and grabbed onto his shoulders to stop from falling from the shock. God his cocky smirk as he did it too, the sheer audacity! This was clearly payback for me touching his dick earlier, but this boy has no clue what he just did. I'm back in Sophie mode now, and one of Sophie's BIGGEST FANTASIES is a man grabbing me and taking me by force without asking like that. Sophie wants to be absolutely dominated. Holy fuck holy fuck it takes me just half a second to shoot right back up to the level of arousal I had before we took a break!


13