AUTHOR: ~*Kaynee*~
TITLE: She Asked For It
KEYWORDS: (mmmf, nc [reluc], lt bd, tickling, exhib)

SUMMARY: Summer finds out that games can go too far, but by the
end, even she has to admit - she asked for it.

CREDITS: This story is derrived from the story "Innocence" by
Hephaestus.  I would like to thank Hephaestus for allowing me to
take his story and make it my own.  The original can be found at
http://www.asstr.org/~Hephaestus/innocence.html

Elements of this chapter are (c) Hephaestus and are used with
permission.

This story and all subsequent chapters are (c) 2004 by ~*Kaynee*~
all rights reserved.

WARNING: This story contains subject matter which may be
offensive to some readers.  It is presumed that if you are on
this site, you know what you are looking for, and no apologies
are made for this content.  Govern yourself accordingly.

Comments are welcome, please write to "nospam at tigerfang dot
com"
-----------------------------------------------------------------
--
She Asked For It
Chapter 1

Summer was starting to regret her decision to hang out with 'the
boys' - as her mother called them - instead of going shopping
with her friends.  She sighed, looking around the basement.

It was cozy enough, a plush white leather sofa sat opposite the
TV, which was a huge wall-mounted flat screen.  There was a small
coffee table between them, on the cream coloured rug.

She was a little bored with the movie they were watching on the
"awesome new Home Theatre" Drew's parents just installed.

Of course, that was the real reason she was here; Drew.  She had
liked him for almost two years.  She could still remember the
first time she saw him.

He was playing basketball in front of his house.  She almost
walked into a tree staring at his tanned skin, the muscles on his
lean stomach and back working hard, and the shine of sweat from
the effort.

Just thinking about it made her tingle in a familiar way. 
Pushing it out of her head she tuned back into what the boys were
saying.

"That is so fake," declared Brian, pointing at the screen. "There
is no way that top would stay on like that!"

On the screen one of the girls from the movie was being pulled
into a moving van by her shirt.  Summer had to agree, saying,
"Yeah, something that small would never stay on.  They should
just have her tits pop out."

The guys all looked at her startled.  She loved shocking them,
and it was so easy.  She just shrugged and they went back to
watching what had turned into a car chase.  Summer's eyes moved
over to Drew, and she started to think again.

For two years she just watched him, too shy to say anything.  He
kind of hung out with a different crowd anyways, being two years
older than her.  Mind you, she was sure that even at fourteen,
she was more mature than he was.

Maybe that's why things came so clear this year.  She had gone
away to camp for the summer, as always, but this time when she
got back she felt totally different.  It was like some switch
turned on.

On the second day of school, she walked right up to him and
started a conversation.  Even more remarkable; he actually talked
to her too!  It wasn't even the kind of fake interest that people
show when they were just trying to be nice.

Over the last three months they started hanging out more and
more.  She was still 'just a friend' - but that was more than
anything she had been before.  It helped that the other guys he
hung out with were actually pretty cool too.  She had seen a lot
of her friends crush on a guy, only to find out that he and his
friends were real idiots.

She was ripped from her reverie by a pillow bouncing off her
head.  "Earth to the moon," Jason said, "anyone there?"

Irritated at being caught daydreaming, Summer hucked the pillow
back at him.  "Hey, it's not my fault you guys picked such a lame
movie."

Jason laughed and deflected the pillow easily. "What, you would
have picked something better, like 'No Holes Barred'?"

"Well," Summer shot back, "It might have been more realistic."

On the screen, the kidnappers had tied the girl's hands behind
her back, and her feet together. She was laying on the bed
whimpering, while her 'guards' played cards a few feet away.

"What do you mean," said Jason, "what's so unreal?"

Summer looked at the screen again, now the hero was making his
way slowly in the rafters in some other part of the building.

"For one," she said, "there's no way that any guy would just play
cards with a girl so helpless in the same room.  You can't tell
me they wouldn't grope her or try to cop a feel."

Drew laughed, enjoying the little argument. "Yeah Jason, come on,
wouldn't you try if you were in that situation?"

"Not if I knew Jet Li was coming to rescue her," said Jason,
half-heartedly trying to regain some ground.

"The thing is, doofus, you wouldn't know," Brian said, smacking
Jason over the head with the pillow, "but I know what I would do
if I were those guards!"

"You wouldn't know what to do with it!" Both Drew and Summer
shouted at the same time.  It was a running joke with Brian - he
was probably the horniest kid in school, but he hadn't even gone
on a date yet.

Brian got up off the floor and swaggered over to the couch where
summer was sitting.  Spreading his legs a bit, he grabbed his
crotch and waved it at her.  "You wouldn't know what to do with
it, you mean, baby."

He could be so silly sometimes. Without thinking Summer threw
what was left of her ice water at him, giggling "You need a cold
shower Brian".

Brian saw it coming, and danced backward, sitting hard on the
coffee table behind him and taking a face full of ice water.

"That wasn't very nice," said Drew, launching himself across the
couch towards Summer. "You're going to have to be punished now."
Drew pushed her down on the couch and began tickling her sides.

Summer squirmed and wriggled, trying to get away.  She snapped
her arms down to her sides, and for a moment Drew couldn't access
any ticklish areas.  They were both breathing hard, and something
about seeing Drew towering overtop of her made a tingle run down
Summer's spine.

She noticed he was staring down at her too, and for a moment they
were looking directly at one another.  It only lasted a second,
when suddenly Brian was standing at the end of the couch, looming
over her head.

He reached out and grabbed her wrists, saying, "Get her Drew,
I'll hold her arms."

An evil grin spread across Drew's face as he playfully hooked his
hands into claws and slowly lowered them to her ticklish sides
again.

Not wanting to be left out, James got up and grabbed one of her
legs, tickling the bottom of her feet.  "You're not so mouthy
now, are you Summer?"

By this point, she was laughing too hard to answer.  As she
struggled to get out of their grip, she realized that her shirt
was riding uncomfortably high.  Another tingle ran through her as
she realized she was about to give Drew, and the rest of them, a
show.

One of the things the guys liked about her was that she was
unlike any other girl they knew - she took seconds to get ready
and go out with them.  In this case it meant that she didn't
spend any time looking for a bra.  The only thing between her
boobs and the world was the thin fabric of her hastily grabbed
t-shirt.

They were all laughing, and part of her wanted to believe they
were just horsing around.  They were just having fun and it was
all very innocent.  Another part, however, knew that where boys
were concerned there were always other motives, mostly sexual.

Finally Summer managed to wriggle herself off the edge of the
couch, turning over in the process.  As Brian lost his grip on
her hands, she clutched them to her sides.  She brought her legs
up underneath her, and lay there pressing her forehead into the
carpet.

Brian, thinking the game was over, laughed saying, "That'll teach
you."

Before she could stop herself, she blurted out, "...what a wimp
you are, maybe."

She immediately regretted it as she felt Drew sit lightly on her
back. "That's it, now you're really gonna get it," he said,
working his arms under her elbows.  She squirmed a little, but
was enjoying his closeness, even if it meant getting tickled.

Pulling her arms, he rocked her into a sitting position, her back
pressed tightly against him.  Her arms loosened a bit as she
tried to stay balanced, and he seized the opportunity.  He hooked
his arms through her elbows and pulled them behind her back.

A flush darkened her cheeks as she felt her nipples harden,
poking up through the flimsy t-shirt.  Drew had her firmly in his
lap.  She tested his hold, and found that she was quite helpless.

She was really getting worked up, her mind split between getting
away from being tickled and the sexiness of the situation.  She
wriggled around, pressing her ass into Drew's crotch trying to
escape.

Brian leaned in and started to tickle her again.  She could feel
Drew growing hard behind her, and she fought to think straight. 
Brian suddenly grabbed her belt buckle, and she stiffened.

"That's it," she thought, "you were having too much fun with
this, and now it's going to get out of control."

Brian looked up at her smiling.  He unbuckled her belt and pulled
it off.  She could feel her pants loosen as it passed from loop
to loop.  She desperately hoped that they were just teasing her,
while wondering if they were as turned on as she was.

Brian passed the belt to Drew, who moved away, pulling her down
and flipping her back onto her front.  Holding her hands with one
hand, he fed the belt under her elbows.

As she felt the leather slide along her skin, she knew they were
going to tie her up, just like in the movie.  The thought of it
excited her tremendously, and instead of listening to her urge to
fight out of Drew's hold, she just lay there.  She knew she was
all but asking for whatever happened next.

Wrapping the belt a few times around her elbows, he buckled it
and stood up.  He gave her a nudge with his foot.  "There, now
you can't throw water around my basement anymore."  There was a
broad smile on his face, and she knew it was just his excuse for
tying her up.

She struggled a bit at the belt, and glowered up at them in false
frustration.

"Can she get out of that?" Brian asked, stripping off his wet
shirt.

Drew looked down at her. "I don't think so - can you Summer?"

She tested the belt again and found that it was very well tied. 
She couldn't move her arms at all.  "No," she said, "It's pretty
tight."  She paused a second and added, "I'm completely
helpless."

Just the thought of the words had made her insides flutter, but
actually saying them sent a pleasant shiver right through her. 
She felt goose bumps rise on her skin and her nipples hardened
almost painfully.

She rolled onto her side and looked up at them. She could see the
lust in the boy's eyes.  Another pleasurable thrill ran through
her, and even though she was very nervous, she put on a cocky
face. "So, now what big shots?"

Her mind raced, imagining what they might do next, but they
stayed back, examining her body from where they were.  She missed
the feeling of their touch, even if it had been tickling. 
Wanting to overcome their reluctance, she continued, "If you
wanted to do something to me, there's nothing I could do to stop
you."

Brian and James looked to Drew, as always.  Drew kept staring at
Summer, obviously thinking hard.  She finally looked away,
blushing fiercely as she felt a familiar warmth between her legs.

She knew this was going too far, but she didn't care.  She was
caught between wanting to end it and wanting to see what they
would do.

Drew slowly kneeled down in front of her and reached for the
bottom of her t-shirt.  Watching her reactions closely, he
started to slide it up her body.  She could feel the fabric as it
slid, and the warm pressure from his hands.

"I don't think we should do that, Drew," stated Jason, "she could
tell anyone and we'd be in hella shit."

"I don't think she'll tell," said Drew, still studying Summer's
face, "besides, I've been waiting months to see these tits."

A shudder ran through her as he spoke.  He liked her!  Of course,
this wasn't how she imagined finding out, but still - he liked
her!

She felt the shirt keep rising until it brushed past her
sensitive breasts.  She felt the cool air on her skin and heard
the other boy's sharp intake of breath as they saw her.

She looked up at Drew, but his gaze was fixated on her chest. 
She looked down and saw her pink nipples straining, standing out
from the small orbs peeking out from beneath the hem of her
shirt. Flushing with sudden embarrassment, she looked to the
floor, trying to hide her face, letting Drew get as close a look
as he wanted.

Brian was beside her now, his hand reaching out and cupping her
exposed mound, exploring her with his fingers, sending shivers of
excitement through her.  She gasped, wondering at how something
that seemed so wrong could feel so good.

Drew's attention moved downward, running his hand along her
smooth stomach, over her hip and along her leg.  He slid his
fingers around her leg, closer and closer to her privates.  He
played with the soft skin between her legs through the fabric of
her jeans.

The feelings were driving her crazy, but she knew that she could
do nothing but enjoy it.  Still, she wondered, how far would they
go?  Would they stop if she asked them to?  Would she even ask?

Drew's other hand moved to the top of her pants, unsnapping them
and slowly drawing the zipper down.  He opened up her jeans,
revealing her black panties.  His hand brushed up against the
front of her, and she bit her bottom lip as the wave of pleasure
washed over her.

She looked at Drew and saw him smiling, enjoying her reactions to
their attentions.  She was getting nervous now, but the feeling
of his hand in her pants was too good.

He slipped his hand inside her underwear; his fingers lightly
brushing down passed the short hairs above her sex.  He started
slowly peeling her underwear away, pushing it down along with her
pants.

She felt incredibly intoxicated.  The fear that was making her
gut shake mingled with the overpowering sexual tension building
inside her, and she realized that she hadn't even half-heartedly
objected to anything so far.  As Drew kept the pressure on her
pants, she found herself raising her hips off the floor, allowing
them to continue down her legs.

Feeling the cool air on her hips, she hung her head to the floor.
 As she felt the jeans slide down over her ass, she knew he could
see the short fuzz of her trimmed pubic hairs come into view. 
Summer brought her knees to her chest, trying to curl up and hide
herself as Drew pulled her pants off.  Her eyes were tearing more
now, but from sorrow or excitement, even she did not know.

Smiling at her, Drew gently took hold of her ankle, and slowly
lifted her leg up, spreading her.  She felt the wetness between
her legs chill as the air began to touch her most private area. 
As Brian continued fondling her breasts, she didn't fight Drew's
grasp, letting him open her up until her pussy was completely
exposed to him.

Her head drooped hiding her face behind her long hair.  Looking
shyly through the protective curtain hanging in front of her
face, she watched Jason and Drew examine her. Jason finally got
up his courage and started rubbing and stroking her ass.  She lay
there, completely exposed, and she knew that it was obvious how
wet she was...  How much she was enjoying this.

She struggled for a moment against the bonds holding her, hoping
that she could get free but also hoping the belt would hold.  It
did.  Summer was so confused, turned on by the feelings and
emotions flashing through her, but hesitant, not wanting her
first experience to be like this.

She felt another tingling surge as she realized that Drew had
been absently stroking himself through his jeans.  She could see
the bulge there growing, and felt almost triumphant - blushing
with embarrassment at the emotion - that she felt happy that he
was being turned on by her.

She quickly turned her head away as Drew's gaze moved to her
face.  Brian was kneeling over her head now, pinching and rubbing
her erect nipples.  Goosebumps were forming in waves over her
skin and she could feel her pussy pulse with the excitement of
everything.

She could feel Drew shift his grip on her raised leg.  She
watched as he pulled his hard dick free of his pants and starting
to stroke it.  Seeing it there, she was stricken once more with a
sense of fear, her emotions warring.  How far did she want this
to go?  She had yet to even hint to them that she wanted them to
stop - was it too late?

Taking his cue from Drew, Brian pulled out his own cock and
started stroking it over her head.  She looked up at Brian's
dick, only inches away.  She closed her eyes, a part of her
wanting so lean up and take it into her mouth.  Drew would almost
certainly start fucking her then - the thought of having both of
them inside her made her unbelievably hot.  She half-hoped that
things wouldn't go that far, even as she savoured the feelings,
this wasn't how she wanted to lose her virginity.

She turned to hide her face again, but Brian's hand found her
chin and turned her back towards him, stroking her face now as he
continued masturbating over her.

Suddenly feeling that things had really gone too far, she tried
to close her legs.  Drew shifted his grip, placing his hand under
her raised knee.  He shimmied closer, placing his body between
her legs, sitting on her other knee.  His cock was now only a
foot or so away from her wet pussy.

With her arms secured behind her back, she knew there was nothing
she could do.  She tried to speak, but the words were caught in
her throat.  She couldn't believe what she was allowing to
happen.

It came to her then, tied on the basement floor, the three boys
playing with her body, that she would let them do it all.  She
would lose control - if she hadn't already - and let them use her
body, right there, hungrily pounding their cocks into her as she
begged for more.

Her breath was as heavy and ragged as the boys, as she began to
let the feelings wash over her.  She felt the heat from Brian's
cock and hand working above her face; She felt Drew's free hand
working up and down her thighs; She felt Jason's cockhead rubbing
back and forth on her ass.

Suddenly there was a loud knocking at the basement door.  "Drew?
Drew its getting late, time for your friends to go home."

There was an instantly cold void as the boys all jumped off of
her guiltily.

"Coming, Mom," Drew yelled, fumbling with his fly "We'll just be
a sec."

Summer lay there, limp.  Her mind was swimming and confused.  She
had just accepted that she was going be gang fucked, and suddenly
it was over.  She didn't know if she should feel cheated or
saved.

She could feel one of them now, unbuckling the belt, freeing her
arms.  She sat up, blinking, looking around her, absently pulling
her shirt down.  She knew she had to move, or the boys would
start to think something was wrong.

The boys shuffled uneasily, not sure how to react to the awkward
situation.  They too knew that they had been on the verge of an
almost mythical event, but now reality had returned, and they had
nothing to say.

Summer sat up, looking down at her shirt.  Ironic that the shirt
she chose to wear today had the word "Angel" blazoned across the
chest.  Not wanting to feel any more embarrassed, she got to her
feet, grabbed her pants and went into the washroom.  She couldn't
look any of them in eye - much less say anything.

Alone in the washroom, she could hear them as they made their way
up the stairs.  She heard Drew tell his mom that Summer would be
right up, she's just using the can.  She had to wonder if Drew's
mom suspected anything.

She looked at herself in the mirror, leaning on the bathroom
sink.  Somehow she expected herself to look different, but it was
the same reflection.  She shut her eyes and could feel the boys
touching her again.  She expected to feel dirty or ashamed, but
the feelings she got were of those last few moments...  The
feeling of giving in.

"Next time", she thought, "I'll ask for it".
