Threesome With A Couple 1.

By Jeevan jeevan80@rediffmail.com

Hi Friends! Love to be back again after a long time.
Thanks to all my fans who encouraged me to write all
this by giving me ideas and inspirations. I am going
to narrate an experience I had long back with a
couple. Actually he was my friend and I used to go to
him often and was sort of family friend.

His name is Rajan and his wife is Uma. Rajan works in
a private factory and has shift duties. Since I am
working in officer cadre, I had normal working hours.
I am telling this because everything took place due to
this, his absence in the house on and off which
triggered the hidden lust in Uma.

I was 38 at that time and Rajan was say 30. His wife
Uma was 5 years younger to him i.e. 25 yr. of age. He
was well built and really handsome. Uma was somewhat
darker and had nice height. She was 5 5 and slim.
Her eyes were big and had some spark in it. Whenever
she looked at me I had to look into those wonderful
eyes and something used to happen to me. I used to get
massive heartbeats as if the heart is about to burst
out. She had nice set of really big 36D Boobs and 38
inches of solid ass. Her ass swayed seductively (More
on the left side) as she walked and I secretly lusted
after her for this. But as she was the wife of my best
friend I did not make any move to seduce her. I
thought her ass was solid and muscular as it looked.

Once I went to their house in the evening and Umabhabi
opened the door and greeted me. She said,  Jeevaanji
my husband is on second shift and will come in the
night. But you can come in and have tea.

I was a bit happy to see that Rajan was not in the
house. So I started to talk to Uma. As we were sipping
tea sitting on the couch, I was looking into those
wonderful eyes. Uma observed this and said,  why are
you looking at me like this? Oh Bhauji! I feel
something different when you look at me like this.

Uma, your eyes are wonderful and I cant avoid
looking at them. You look so beautiful I wish .!
Oh! I sighed deeply leaving the sentence halfway..

Jeevan! Why you left the talk incomplete? Tell me
what you feel. He is not in the house so be frank. I
know something in me is troubling you She looked in
my eyes and said smilingly.

How to tell you Uma! You look too sexy with those
eyes and I just cant avoid looking at them. And to be
frank you are a killer lady. Making me feel that urge
in your presence. You know what I mean? Sorry to be
frank with you, but I told you the truth.

 Oh do I look really sexy? And do I really look like
what you said, killer lady? Oh no! Dont praise me
like that. I am not what you think I am but I am more
than that! Want to see? 

What do you mean by that? Are you daring me! Please
dont! You are my Bhabi and I cant prove it to you.
Otherwise I would have showed you what I feel for
real.

No Jeevan I am not challenging your ability to seduce
me. In fact we both need your help to fulfil our
fantasy. I want to get laid by somebody other than my
husband and he wants to watch me get laid right in
front of his eyes and then he wants to join in for a
threesome. We have this thing going on for a long time
and now its high time we do something about it. Can
you solve this? Uma said.

 Oh God I cant believe this to be true. But I dont
mind if you both are willing. Its my pleasure to do it
..to Fuck you Uma!

I went to her and patted her back, pulling her to me.
Uma looked at me and caught my face and put her lips
on mine. Oh God! What was she after! I felt her
trembling like a leaf and felt her hot breath on my
face. Her lips were delicious and my lips met hers in
a tight kiss. I forgot she was wife of my fast friend
and she too fell for me in a forbidden relation with
her husbands consent.

I lost all control and embraced her tightly crushing
those solid and Big tits on my chest. I kissed her and
she opened her mouth to allow my tongue inside. My
tongue went in her mouth searching the hot oral cavity
like a snake in a pit. Her mouth was hot and I pushed
my tongue against hers and our tongues met in a battle
of lust. I lost and withdraw my tongue only to allow
hers in my mouth. She rubbed it all over the inside
and then took it out to lick my lips with it.

I took this opportunity to ask her,  hey Uma whats
the matter? Why are you so hot for me?

 Oh Jeevan do you think I am mad? I had hots for you
the moment I saw you and your friend teases me for
you. Can you imagine my hubby asking me if I wish to
fuck you when we are making love? Oh Just the
imagination makes me come. Oh god and the way he comes
on my breasts! Do you think its weary? Oh God! Can
you fuck me as he wishes? I just cant wait to have
you. He says that I should convince you for this and
he will join us in a threesome. OHH my cunt is pouring
juices just thinking of this!! Oh I wish he were here
watching me kissing you. He will go nuts!

Oh Uma I just cant believe this happening! You both
fuking with me! Oh I want him to be here so that he
can watch us fuck. Lets call him now. Just give him a
ring and tell him all this. I dont want to fuck you
in his absence if he really consent to this lets call
him!

So Uma phoned her husband and my best friend Rajan and
told me that he will come in about 15 minutes time
after taking leave. I was glad he agreed and wanted to
see Uma getting fucked by me and also join us in
well-managed threesome.

So we had sufficient time to pass and I decided to use
it to know Umas body better. So I took her both tits
in my hand over her gown (oh sorry Uma was wearing
nice pink gown) and judged their hardness. Oh! They
were really hard and tough for her age. By the way she
had no child and I think thats the reason for the
nice shaped tits. I massaged them with both my hands
and Uma moaned with pleasure,  Oh YES! Jeevan! Knead
my tits and make them grow bigger! Oh yes like that!
Oh push your hand inside and feel the naked flesh! Oh
Jeevan! How I want this! My hubby is dying to see us
getting it on. Come on make my boobs dance! Ohh
YYYYeeesssssssssss! Ahhh! Aiii! Oh ya!  Your hand
feels so nice! Press them  hardddddddharddd
h..aa..rr..ddd !

How could I refuse the demands of this sexy lady? So I
put my hand inside her gown from the top and touched
her tit flesh. Her tits were big and conical and were
crowned by nice big nipples which were now hard. I
tweaked them and played with them till Uma let out a
gasp and put her hand on my now hard and leaking cock.
I felt her catching the length in her tiny hand,
rubbing my meat over the pant. Uma then unzipped my
pant and opening the crotch pushed her hand inside
holding my cock. Her hand played on my cock as she
rubbed it and then she pushed aside my briefs and held
my cock, flesh to flesh, in her hand. Her hand felt
soft on my cock and my cock started leaking more love
juice. She moved her hand over my pisshole and spread
the juice over the smooth flesh of my cock head. I was
in heaven!

Ohh Jeevan! You have nice big cock, just as we
imagined. Its so big and thick I doubt if it fits in
my poor pussy. Rajan has 6 inches and fits well in me
but he ejaculates fast and I remain hot for more cock.
Yours seems to be good and he told me you could stay
up to 1 hr in me. God 1 hr.! Ohh! Yap! I want u badly.
Come on give that monster to me.

And Uma literally pulled my cock and pressed it hard
in her own frenzy. We could have gone too far but
suddenly we heard the doorbell and adjusted our
clothes and Uma went to the door to open it. It was
Rajan all right and he smiled at me knowingly.   We
were silent for sometime waiting for other to break
the ice. Finally Rajan spoke.

Rajan,  Jeevan, Uma told me all on the phone and we
had it planned without assigning any date. You must be
surprised about this but its true. You had told me
about your sexlife and your ability to fuck. Also that
u had 9-inch meat. From that time I always fantasize
you fucking Uma and me joining in a threesome with you
both. Its true that we both like the fantasy but I too
never thought Uma will have the courage to talk to you
about this so frankly. All is well. Now lets enjoy.
First I want you to see my wife stark naked and I will
undress her for you.

Saying this Rajan made Uma stand and opened the knots
of the gown. Her front portion of the gown parted and
showed the cleavage of her big well formed boobs. Her
boobs were big but did not sag a bit. I could see big
globes of flesh peeking out of the parted gown and the
lower part of her abdomen too. She had slightly
swollen but sexy stomach followed by somewhat bulging
belly. Her belly button was deep and roundish.

Rajan took aside the gown and exposed her big boobs to
me, see the breasts of my wife Uma. See how big and
fleshy they are. Arent they fit for some tit-fuck?
See how big her nipples are and how erect they are
becoming see them. See her boobs. Saying this he
kneaded the twin globes and pulled the big nipples.
Umas nipples were about 1 inch long and stood proudly
to greet me.

Rajan then put his hand on her stomach and showed it
to me, describing its beauty to me. Then he went to
her belly and put his finger in her bellybutton,
showing me how deep it was. Now he removed the gown
and Uma stood before me only in her pink panties, as
she was not wearing any bra. I could see the outline
of her cunt over the thin material. Her cunt looked
fleshy over the garment and there was wet spot showing
her excitement.

I looked at her and said,  Oh Rajan your wife is
really very sexy and see that spot on her panties! Oh
Gwad she is excited. Now show me her love nest and
then I will show you what I have got.

Rajan put his fingers in the elastic and slowly pulled
Umas panties down. Uma moved her ass to assist the
removal and was looking at me for my reaction. I
smiled at her and then touched my cock over the pant
to show her that my cock was hard for her. Rajan had
now removed her panties and was showing me her nice
shaved pussy. I could see that it was fleshy as I had
thought and the slit was slightly longer than the
normal cunts I had seen. It looked good enough to eat!
Rajan turned hr around to show me her big fleshy ass.
It was a great sight as her ass cheeks were quite big
and looked like half-cut Watermelon. I was really
excited now and wanted to do something more than just
to look at Umas naked charms. I went to them and
caught Uma in my arms pulling her to me tightly. Uma
too responded my pressing her body against me and
kissing me full on the lips. We kissed hard, catching
our breath and then I realised that my clothes were
being removed by Rajan!

Hey sorry Jeevan, butt I have to show Uma your naked
body too. Just relax and let me do this. Kiss her,
press her boobs and make her happy. Ohh! I just cant
wait to see how big your cock is! Uma loves it big and
hard. Dont you Uma? Yes I want you to fuck that cock
and watch it.

And soon my cock was naked and dancing with
anticipation. Then I felt a hand on my cock holding it
and judging its size. To my astonishment it was Rajan!
His hand explored my cock and when he was satisfied
that it was really big, he told Uma,  Uma, his cock
is as big as we had imagined and thick too. Why dont
you put your hands around his neck and push your pussy
near his cock? I will put that cock in you. Do it
baby! Fuck his cock like this. Oh! I cant wait to see
it in. Uma did this and soon I felt her hands around
my neck and her cunt near my cock, almost rubbing on
it. Her boobs were pressing my chest and I could even
feel her nipples poking in. I held her tightly in this
position and tried to insert my cock in her waiting
cunt. But it was difficult, so Rajan put my cock head
on the opening of the pussy of his wife and asked me
to push it inside. I felt my cock enter into the tight
opening of Umas cunt. Her cunt was wet and hot, and
she too pushed it on my cock trying to engulf the
monster in her cock hungry cunt. Uma then pulled her
legs up and climbed me, with the cock going in her
cunt upto the hilt, in one fast motion. I lifted her
up and she wound her legs around my ass. Oh God! What
a position it was. Rajan was looking at us encouraging
us to fuck in that position. Uma had climbed my body
and was holding onto it enjoying the sensation of my
big cock in her pussy. It seemed they had never done
it that way and so it was new to them.

Uma moaned,  Oh Rajan! Thank you for this. You are so
understanding! How long I wanted this cock in my cunt!
Oh god! It feels wonderful. The way he is fucking me!
So slow and steady. Look at us! See how your wife is
enjoying the cock. Ohh! Ahhhhhh! FUCK ME. HARD FAST
Ohhhhhh!

I started to fuck her by thrusting my entire lower
body into her. Uma too was moving her ass in rhythm
with our fucking and her big boobs were rubbing on my
chest, making me shiver with lust. Rajan had now
removed his clothes and had joined us. He had brought
his mouth near his wifes ass and was kissing it. His
face was touching my thighs and I felt great that I
could make happy both the husband and wife like this.
Then he surprised me by kicking my cock as it went in
his wifes cunt. His tongue felt nice and hot.

I told Uma that her husband too was licking my cock
and she got more excited and told,  Ohh Jeevan! I had
this fantasy! I wanted to watch my husband sucking a
cock for long time. Just let me see him licking!

I loosened the grip on Uma so that she could bend back
and watch her husband licking my cock. This was really
getting hot. Then Rajan pulled my cock from his wifes
cunt and put his mouth to the cock head. Oh God his
mouth was so hot! I had had some experience of this
kind but not with a close friend of mine. Uma saw it
too and ground her crotch on my remaining cock. Here I
was with my cock in the mouth of the husband and the
wife straddling me and grinding her cunt on the same
cock.. Now we had to change the position, as I could
not carry the weight of Uma with all this excitement
around. So I decided to switch positions and we lay on
the bed with Uma spreading her thighs and showing me
her dripping cunt and Rajan attached to my cock from
below. Now he had half my cock in his mouth and Uma
urged me to suck her cunt. I dipped in to her cunt,
tongue in and felt the taste of her cunt. It had acrid
smell and tasted salty. I had to slurp fast as she was
giving out juices fast. While we were lying in a chain
Uma was watching her hubby sucking my cock and she
started to fondle her big boobs murmuring,  Oh Rajan
suck his cock. Ohhhh! It looks so wonderful with your
mouth full of that cock meat. OOhhh I wish I joined
you while Jeevan sucks my cunt. Ohh Jeevan! Lets 69!
oohh Rajan come near my mouth and lets both suck the
cock. Ohhh ahhhh AARRGGGHHHH UUUNNNNGGGGHHHHHHHHHHHH.
My cunt is flooded with juice come on Jeevan lick it.

And I changed the position with Uma still spreading
her thighs, I came over her and faced her cunt while
Rajesh went to her mouth and started to fondle my
excited cock. Uma too joined him and I felt both the
hands running along my shaft. Then both of them
brought their mouths near my cock and taking the cock
between they both kissed the cock head and each other.
Ohhhh! Readers just imagine this and I am sure your
cocks and cunts will squirt juices. Rub them faster
with us! And enjoy it.

I had my mouth glued to Umas cunt and was licking it
along the slit, trailing her clitoris with my saliva.
Uma started moving her ass and thrusting her cunt more
on my face. Now I felt a mouth swallowing my cock.
Since the Moustache tickled it I knew it was Rajesh.
This made me put my tongue deep in the vagina of Uma.
Uma moaned and relaxed her cunt muscles to allow me
push my tongue more deep. Now both the husband and
wife were sucking my cock alternately and I pushed my
tongue past Umas cunt to her ass. Her ass smelled
nice and the smell made my cock grow harder. I rolled
my tongue all over the small tight hole and felt the
wrinkles loosen. I then pushed my tongue in the hole
to feel the tight ring of muscle guarding the entrance
of her ass. I circled my tongue all around the ring
and felt it loosen. And finally it entered her
asshole. I stiffened it and fucked it in and out and
felt Uma stiffen and rotate her ass.

 Oji Yes Jeevan! Tongue fuck my ass! Thats it! Oh
god! Rajan! I feel his tongue in my asss!! Ohhhhh!
AARRGGGHHHH UUUNNNN GGGGHHH HHHH HHHHH! Ohhhhhh! Now
fuck me Jeevan! I cant wait to have that big cock in
my choot! Ohh Rajan! Fuck me! Fffffuuuuuuccccckkkkkkk
mmmeeeeeeee!

Now I really wanted my cock to be in any of the holes
of Uma and so I took position behind her and lifting
her leg high up in the air I aimed my cock at the wet
and dripping choot of Uma. Her cunt was slippery with
all the secretions and my cock entered it up to the
hilt. This was a position to look at by the husbands! 
Rajan could see and watch my cock going in and out of
his wifes cunt and also how stretched it was due to
my big cock. He grabbed the camera and took some
photos of my cock in his wifes cunt. With many angles
he took about 10 photos and told us so. I pushed my
hand along Umas cunt and felt her clitoris. It was
hard and standing out like tiny rod, about half inches
long. I caught it from the sides, over the hood and
rubbed it up and down. Uma jerked as if she was
touched by a live wire and moaned loudly, urging me to
fuck her faster,  Oh GOD! Fuck me!     Fuck me fast
and deep! Ohh My clit is dancing on your fingers. Feel
it twitching Jeevan! Ohh Rajan! See how happy your
wife is with his cock in my cunt. Ohhhh ffuuckkk
mmmmeeeeeeee haaarrrrrrdddd! Yess! Give me more cock!
Ohh yes fill my ass with your cock Jeevan! Ohh Ya I
want that monster to tear my ass offffff! Ffuucccckkk
assssasssasas!

I made her lie doggie style and went to her back,
still burying my cock deep in her choot. Now I had to
first arrange her so that she can take Rajans cock in
her cunt and mine in her ass. I told Rajan to lie down
so that Uma can straddle him and he followed the lead
and lay down. I removed my cock from Umas cunt just
in time and she lowered her cunt onto her husbands
cock and took it all in one swift motion. Uma was so
hot with the idea that she started to fuck her
husbands pole and urged me to put my cock in her ass
hole. I spat on the tiny hole and lubricated my cock
with it and inserted it in her asshole. Oh! Friends!
What a tight hole Uma had! And I had difficulty in
getting my cock in that inhibited passage. But I
managed to slowly insert my rod, allowing her ring
muscles to relax. Slowly Uma took half of my cock
inside her tight puckered hole. I felt Rajans cock
fucking her cunt through the ass walls. Our cocks were
sliding in and out of the two adjacent holes and I
just couldnt imagine the pleasure Uma was getting.
She was delirious and moaned all the fucking words she
could.  Ohhhh! Rajan! What a gift you are giving me!
Oohhh I have one cock in my cunt and another in my
ass! Ohhh I wish I had one cock in mouth! Ohh What a
slut I am! Fucking two cocks and begging for third
one Ohhh God! Whats happening to me! Yesssss! Fuccck
kckc mmmeeee! Fuck my holes! All the holes! Ohhh
yessss Jeevan!   Hold my boobs and fuck me! Press them
hard! Knead them! OhhhYEssss! Ohh Rajan Rub my clit!
Ya! See your wife getting the cock you wanted! Ohh
yeessssssss! Fuckkkkkk IIIII aammmm cccoooooommmm
mmmiinngggg!

And Uma came on Rajans cock and I could feel her pussy
muscle spasming. My god! What a way to come!  Rajan
was now fucking her come wet cunt from below and
urging me to fuck her ass. Ooh! I had buried my cock
deep now and was fucking her now stretched ass. Her
ass walls were holding my cock tightly and milking me.
Ohhh! What an ass!  Now Rajan lost control and I felt
his cock twitching and pouring come in his wifes
cunt. I too felt an urge to come and I released my
control and came in Umas hot ass. We all fell in a
pile on each other and took the deserved rest. Later I
had to fulfil her desires whenever she wanted and
Rajan witness the episode.

In next part I will narrate how we involved a teenage
girl in our fucking..

Till then BYE! Any couples want my help? Or any
husband out there wants his wife fucked by me in a
kinky way? Or I can fulfil any wishes of yours,
Ladies, Girls out there! I can also guide you in your
sexual problems free! The aim is that lets all be
happy and enjoy this short life we have been blessed
with.

I wish to thank all my fans and well-wisheres and
deeply obliged forr encouraging me to write this. Well
Let me wish HAPPY DIWALI TO ALL and to our Loving web
site.

Write to me all your comments/ suggestions and
anything you wish to Jeevan 
jeevan80@yahoo.com

Join my group at 
http://groups.yahoo.com/group/jeevansgroup/

for exchange of ideas and meeting people for sex!
