	Neddrik walked down one of his city's seedier arteries; the one that was lined with more homeless than any other, and more filth caking the sidewalk.  He carefully avoided stepping in a large murky puddle and entered the nearest dimly lit establishment.  The mostly broken neon lights hanging over it's entrance gave it the name 'Roadie's'.
	Inside, Neddrik found the usual irascible bartender looming glumly behind the counter.  The dull colours he wore blended perfectly with the wall behind him, perhaps as a device to catch would-be burglars unaware, Neddrik thought, and smiled.
	"Hey sunshine, what're you having?" the gnomelike barman asked.
	"Scotch on the rocks," Neddrik said, turning away to eye the other patrons.  He noticed a large-breasted barmaid carrying a tray of drinks to one of the phalanx of tables on offer.  She had her blonde hair tied back in a ponytail, and a low cut blouse showing plenty of cleavage.  Neddrik looked on with a grin.
	The sound of glass sliding across poorly varnished wood informed Neddrik his drink had arrived.  He knocked it back in almost one go, and gave a bit of a wheeze.  Since taking the role of claims investigator for an insurance firm he had for one reason or another, began drinking; and letting the stubble on his face grow.  He placed the glass down as the barmaid noticed him and approached.
	"So you're Neddrik, right?  The one Jack spoke to on the phone?"
	"Yeah, sure am," he replied.  "I'm here to find out whether Jack was telling the truth.
	""Well, I guess you'd best come with me," she said, and led him off outside.  They climbed into her car, which was far too small and slow for Neddrik's taste, and soon had arrived and the home of Jack and Lucy, the scene of a recent fire they had claimed insurance upon.
	Neddrik walked around after Lucy to the back of the house where a pile of charred timber lay.  Neddrik immediately picked up on the smell of burnt petrol fumes.
	"Well, here it is," Lucy said. "I'll leave you to have a look while I go get changed." She walked off back to the house and Neddrik watched her every step of the way, his eye's on her thighs and buttocks under her red work-skirt.  Yeah, I'd sure like some of that, he thought to himself.
	Looking around the site of the fire, Neddrik reached the conclusion that it had been deliberately lit.  He could see a pattern around the remains of the shed that had burnt, a circular shape cut in the remaining grass that could easily have been the area gasoline was poured.  And he did not forget to take into account the somewhat dubious excuse for the fire's existance in the first place:  she claimed that it had been struck by lightning during a recent storm.  While the storm had occurred, as he'd checked with the weather bureau, the lightning activity in Lucy and Jack's area had been minimal.  Further consideration on the behaviour of lightning led Neddrik to become certain that he was dealing with a faker.
	He slid open the glass door to their house quietly and looked around for signs of Lucy's whereabouts.  At first silence dominated the house, but soon he heard the sound of cabinet doors closing in a room down the hall.  He walked steadily down and opened it without knocking.
	Lucy startled, taking a step back and dropping the pair of ear-rings in her hands.  She was dressed in nothing but her underwear; her clothes for the day were laid out on her bed.  The underwear was white silk lingerie, a two piece bikini that bairly covered the areas it was assigned to.  Lucy stared with wide eyes at Neddrik, but he thought he could detect an air of excitement about her.
	"You're lying," Neddrik said calmly and firmly.  "That fire was deliberately lit."
	"Uh.. um.. my boyfriend, he just wanted extra money..."
	"Yes, yes.  I know the story.  Are you aware that what he did is a crime?"
	"Well..." she began, and all at once a sly smirk was across her lips.  She brushed one strap of her light silk brassiere off her shoulder and smiled at him invitingly.
	He stepped over to her and placed his hand on her large rotund breast.   He rubbed it in a circular motion and then reached under the bra's covering and felt the nipple and the soft smooth skin around.  In one motion he raised the brassiere off her head and she let it drop behind her.  The creamy skin of her large firm breasts was entirely exposed.  He decided to turn his attention southwards and put his hand down the front of her underpants.  He felt a little neat tuft of pubic hair and then the thick labia beneath, hot and excited.  She let out a brief cooing sound and closed her eyes when he stuck his index finger inside her, feeling how lubricated her excitement had made her.  Deciding he had had enough of this, he knelt down in front of her, so as to be almost level with her nether regions, and downed her knickers in one quick swipe.  They had become slightly stuck to her and were showing the indentation of her pussylips.  Holding her around the hips and gently cupping her supple buttocks, he leant forward so close that he could smell that scent of the excited female on heat, he ran his tongue up the length of her slit.  She made a noise akin to squealing.  He repeated this action, until his tongue was coated in her juices and he could taste nothing but her.  Her outer organs only got more red and ready until he decided he was ready too.  Picking up Lucy's slight frame and lying it onto the bed in front of him, Neddrik unhooked his pants and lowered them, followed by his boxer shorts.  He stood and watched Lucy.  She was looking with desire at his hard sex, easily 10 inches in length and standing bolt upright.  She licked her lips and rolled around naked with  desire, clearly wanting it in her, up her, drilling into her harder and harder.
	"Please," she whispered.  "Please."
	"I want you to show me how much you want it."  Neddrik said, and Lucy quickly obeyed.  She reached one slender white hand between her legs and quickly began playing with herself, digging her long-nailed finger inside her frantically.  She had to orgasm, and Neddrik could tell.
	"Ok, I'm convinced." He said, and quickly jumped on top  of her and climbed aboard.  With amazement he found she was even more lubricated with her own juices than before, almost too lubricated, but soon he  had his thick hard member up her and was fucking her hard enough to make her scream.  She had tears in her eyes as she squealed yes, yes, yes and 'fuck me like the whore I am' until eventually she yelled out  one long ode to her final release.  When she was done Neddrik stood up  and looked at her still-quivering figure, and the mess below her.  It was as if a dam had broken inside her.  The bed was flooded.  Pulling a tissue from a box  nearby, he wiped away her fluid from the shaft of his member.  And did up his pants.  She looked at him and said, 
"That was.. amazing."
	"I know," Neddrik answered.  Without saying another word he pulled his pants back up and left.  The insurance company would hear about Jack and Lucy's false claim in the morning. 