Student Bodies - In Spain
by WillingWolf

A dozen students have a really sexy holiday.

Authored by Frankie and Friends and compiled by Frankie

Chapter 15 Cindy's Story.

How quickly this holiday had gone. We had been here almost a month.... and, what a month. Those of us who had started as couples were no longer attached, and those of us who were virgins were no longer virgins either. Were there any regrets about losing either partners or virginity.... none.

Generally we girls could not believe how submissive we had become, some, particularly me, more than others. We all loved to be told what to do and the boys played on it. I do not mean in any other connection than sex. With regard to everything else we were completely emancipated and stood up for ourselves. Give us the slightest whiff or testosterone or hormones and there we were, eager to please. There was nothing that we would not do, as you have read for yourselves. As we were preparing to go out, quite regularly one of the boys would say, 'Up against the wall girls. Skirts up. Let us see what you are wearing tonight.' They would make us bend over and accept a finger fucking, indeed, generally try to humiliate us in every way. And we loved it.

It was obvious that some of the boys were more masterful than others, but the good thing was that they were all prepared to take their turns at being dominant, leaving us exposed and embarrassed.

But enough of the philosophising, I am here to tell you about our last night and what we girls felt was our chance to get even with them a bit.

We had ummmed and ahhhed about what to do earlier in the week. There were no particular parties on at any of the so-called night-clubs and the Eighteenies had a coach trip organised.

I certainly was pretty broke. It was the end of the holiday. One of the problems about having such a good time within our group of twelve, was that there were not many opportunities for strange lads to buy us girls drinks. We really had not slept around,... well, you know what I mean, with outsiders.

Eventually, Yasmin, I think it was, suggested Pedro's the restaurant where we had had a couple of good evenings, and ones that she particularly seemed to enjoy 'Do you think they would have us back?'

It was decided, we would go back there. Pete offered to negotiate and organise the evening for us but we said he could organise the games but that Frankie and I were going into town anyway tomorrow and we would book it up for Friday. We were pretty sure we could negotiate a better deal than a boy would have done.

The day arrived and we agreed to be ready at five thirty for a nostalgic stroll into town and the restaurant. We would of course make sentimental last visits to a couple of bars that we had used fairly frequently. We were told to wear bra's, g-strings and stockings. Suspenders optional. They knew we would not wear trousers.

We did cruise our favourite bars for an hour or so and arrived at the restaurant just before eight. Even though this would normally be very early to eat in Spain all the other tables were already seated and in some cases were already eating. There was a preponderance of men again but many more girls than last time.

'Ladies and Gentlemen,' Pete called out loud from the heart of our table. 'I would like to introduce myself. My name is Pete. I am not sure what you were sold coming here but I hope you will not be disappointed. It is our last night here in Spain and it is fully our intent that half of our number, namely the girls on this table, lose a lot of their clothing. I hope you will enjoy what you see lads. The management and staff here have been very accommodating on the other two occasions that we have been here and have probably charged you a premium for the chance to watch our girls get their kit off. If so, make the most of it. We can only apologise if sometimes the removal of clothing gets in the way of you eating your food, but so be it. Anyone who thinks they may not enjoy it could perhaps leave now. What no-one going?'

This raised a titter and Pete said 'Well as soon as we have eaten our starters I am going to ask the girls to circulate again and bet with you to win your trousers. I would like each girl to bring back two pairs of your trousers but, to give you guys a bit of a start, we will ask them to start in their underwear only. I had a bit of a look before I came out and they are all wearing bras, g-strings and stockings. All except Cindy here and Frankie over there, are wearing suspender belts as well. So there is no confusion, they will bet in this order, their bra's, their panties, their suspender belts, if they are wearing one, and then their stockings. If they still don't have your trousers they will offer, in this order, one minute of nipple kissing and pinching, two minutes of labia and clitoris kissing and fingering, a blow job and then they will be fucked on the top of the table. Condoms will be supplied.'

All of us girls looked a bit shocked, firstly that we would be starting in out underwear and then that he was offering us as a fuck against a silly bet.

I remembered how we all felt leaving last time that we were dying to get fucked but laying out as baldly as that ... well. Another thought was that it took us a whole evening to get naked last time. This time we would be naked before nine o'clock.

'Why don't we just start anyway. We can eat our starters between the bets. Perhaps Frankie as you are nearest to the next tables, with your back to them would like to start us off. Just stand here in the middle where everyone can see you and get down to your underwear before you move off.'

'Thank you Pete,' she murmured sarcastically. 'I guess someone had to go first.'

She was a happy bunny however when she returned with two pairs of trousers for the loss of only her bra. None of the other girls were that lucky and without exception they all lost their bras and g-strings plus Sara lost her suspenders. She had to take her stockings off as they would not stay up without being held. Pete made her stand back in the middle to remove them. He was a hard taskmaster.

I was the last to go and chose a nice looking older guy for my first set of pants. He would have been about fifty I guess and with a stag group on a table none of the other girls had visited. My guess is that he was the father of the groom, or possibly the bride. He had a real sparkle in his eye and as we were rolling the dice he could not keep his eyes off my breasts. He won the first roll comfortably with a six to my three.

'Can I assist you, young lady,' he said.

'How nice to find a gentleman,' I replied. 'Yes of course, that would be nice, thank you. It is looking like it is going to be a long night. I wouldn't want to get too tired early on.'

He laughed and reached his arms around me to loosen the catch at the back, which he did with suspicious ease.

I turned with my back to him to encourage him to ease the straps off my shoulders and then lower the bra so that everyone in the room, except him, could see me.

'You are a tease,' he laughed, as I covered them before turning back to face him.

I similarly laughed and said that, 'while that may be true, unless you are prepared to shake for me I am going to have to remove my hands to shake the next dice.'

'As a gentleman,' he said, 'and an older gentleman at that, I would happily help, were it not for the fact that I got so tired removing your bra I am not sure that I could lift both dice.'

I laughed and used both hands to pick up the two dice and present him with one of them.

'There,' I said. 'Do you think you could manage just one perhaps, without getting too tired?'

'I think so,' he said. 'Oh look another six.'

I did look and sure enough he had thrown another. My four, while getting better, cut no ice.

'Go Dad,' called this guy the other side of the table. I had already penned him as the potential Groom.

I turned to the table. 'I really don't want to tire this old gentleman.' I said. 'Is there anyone here who would .....'

I got no further before he interrupted me to say.

'Anyone who offers to help her answers to me outside.'

And then 'Oh look, no volunteers. I will just have to take another Viagra and do it myself. Come here wench.'

'Ohhhh a man of action, in that case....'

And I rubbed my pantie covered crotch in his face as he leaned forward to help me remove them. He had a really nice way about him the way he stroked the strings down over my buttocks, before using one hand to free the front where it had stuck between my labia. He managed to give me a 'gentlemanly grope,' if there is such a thing. He was certainly making me hot now.

'Well two nil so far, let's keep going. You heard Pete. You know what the ultimate prize is. Can you throw seven sixes. I'll tell you what, I will throw for both stockings in a job lot.'

He laughed. 'Not only a tease but a cheat as well. Everyone else automatically threw them both in.'

'Well I might have done if you had smiled at me, and taken that extra Viagra,'

'I am beginning to think I won't need that Viagra. Okay smartie you can throw first this time,' he said.

I did and improved again to a five. '

Oh making it difficult for him. Yesss, he got another five.

'Would you like to throw again.'

I gave him a long hard look, dropping my eyes when I knew he was watching me down to his crotch.

'You are a lot harder than I thought.' 'To beat at dice that is, and by the way, I think you are right about the Viagra.'

I threw a four, surely this time?

'Six again,'

'Pete,' he called over to our table. 'I hope I am not delaying your dinner or anything with young Cindy here. If you just want to go on without her I will send her back when I am done with her.'

This caused a huge laugh through the room.

'No carry on,' said Pete. 'Don't forget four more wins and we have to clear the table for you anyway. I'll tell you what five more wins and I will send her airline ticket to your hotel room.

Again a huge laugh and my stomach lurched a little. I wondered whether he would.

'Just so long as you don't send any clothes over with it,' I growled draping my left leg over his shoulder so that he could start to remove the stocking. This put my puss within licking distance, as I found out. Oh really!

He did make a start on the stocking though. The next leg, similarly placed must have been even a little closer. I don't know how he managed it but he seemed to jump a couple of dice rolls and gave my labia a real good licking as he started to remove the right stocking.

I was disappointed when he rolled a three and I rolled a four.

If I was disappointed he was gutted. He had thought he was on a roll.

I stroked his cock as it strained to release itself from his chinos. I released the two buttons and pulled down the zip. I made a meal out of rummaging around before pulling them down to the floor. This man did not need Viagra. I kicked the chinos a few feet away before picking them up. I had of course to turn and bend, stiff from the waist giving him a view of paradise. Or at least my paradise. I stayed there just long enough for him to begin to get embarrassed. I could see it in his eyes.

He stood to kiss me goodbye and a thank you, on the cheek. As I said he was a gentleman. I of course managed to redirect his lips towards my mouth and then forgot to close it. Oh tart!

I could taste myself on his tongue. He really had got between my lips.

Read into that what you like.

I moved on to his son on the other side of the table desperate for him not to beat the father by getting to touch my tits. About the only thing his father hadn't touched mind you.

I was in luck with a four against his two but tried to look desolate.

I undid his waistband and pulled his shorts to the ground. I rolled my hand over his cock, just for comparison sake of course. He probably thought I fancied him.

It certainly seemed that most of the boys' thought that I fancied them as I dodged groping hands from all around the table. I slapped them down to moans of disappointment.

My last thought before going back to my own table was that if it was me going to be the bride then I would be looking for his father on the wedding night.

I was really horny when I eventually got back. I even surreptitiously went through his pockets in case there was a name and address or telephone number in them.

When I got back to the table Sarah was quick to grab the dice and the attention. She is a bit keen, I thought, but laughed as I heard what followed.

She stood up and said, 'Ok you guys are all enjoying yourselves. Would the ladies like to have a look at a little prime beef-cake? Well, these boys anyway.'

The room laughed, and the few girls there were sat looking around. 'Stand up,' said Sarah, 'if you want to play. Don't worry we will make sure you have a better chance of winning than the boys.'

There was another cry of encouragement from all the guys in the room, possibly with the exception of those that had girl-friends in tow.

The girls looked around and with a little encouragement they all eventually stood up, led, I noticed, by the slightly older lady in red who had been fairly quick to jump to her feet.

'Ok, here are the rules. Ladies they want your panties. One pair each, there are just enough of you. That way you can still keep your outer clothes on.' Sarah recognised that they would not all want to go as far as we had. This would be titillating but still fairly discreet.

'Luther you go first.'

I knew she had chosen Luther because what girl in her right mind was going to refuse that great, black, hunky body.

'Here is the bet. They may be betting their panties but you only have two items each to bet with. Your first throw is for all your outer clothing, throw two is for your boxers. Oh and you can only win with a four, five or six. May the best man lose.'

Luther strolled around the floor and chose a tall, blond girl who looked really good next to him. She was very nervous though. She had been just about the last to stand up.

Her four matched his. No Bet. Her two brought a cry of despair to her lips. Luther grinned and dropped the dice. I noticed he did not roll it but dropped it from a very low height. It was a one. He was cheating of course, but whether he was doing it to make her feel better or to give him the opportunity to show off his muscles I don't know. He stripped off all bar his tight, soft cotton slip and gave her a personal lap dance, gyrating his softly wrapped genitalia before her eyes. I knew from personal experience that his cock was only tumescent, but it was still obviously a decent size. They picked up the dice again and this time she threw a four. I will never know whether he tried to lose again because his dice dropped on a corner and rolled off the table.

'Six,' cried the guys nearest it and everyone looked at the blonde girl who discreetly put her hands under her skirt, sat down and lowered to the floor a pretty pink g-string. I noticed she did not seem to object to Luther stroking her legs as he picked the panties up, nor the kiss that he gave her as he went back to his seat. I did notice that his cock was getting bigger though.

Pete and Josh followed, quickly losing everything but their boxers and returning with their trophies before Chris took the floor. He selected a mousy, little, dark haired girl, who, like the blonde, had been slow to stand. He also lost his first throw, strange how they all seemed to?, but if he was cheating he got it wrong and also lost the second as well. A frisson of excitement, well a squeal anyway, emanated from all the girls.

He stood up close to her, seated on her chair, and slowly pulled the boxers down over his dick. The sexual excitement in the room guaranteed that there was not a soft one in the house and Chris was no exception. There was nothing subtle about it. It was hard and in her face. She did not look away. She also did not look at his face.

'Your next throw is to play with it,' he breathed. She duly threw a four but lost to Chris's five. Then the fun began. I had not, before then, realised that she had trousers on under a strappy top.. She must have been a bit shocked after standing up to hear she was betting with her panties.

The tables around started to give her a slow hand-clap and poor Chris even looked a little embarrassed for her. She pulled off her trousers to reveal white cotton knickers and what looked like a lovely bum. Chris whispered in her ear and she turned around to face the wall before he lowered her panties to the floor to huge applause. She quickly pulled her trousers on, still facing the wall and sat down, beetroot red, everywhere. I found out later that Chris had suggested that she turn away to save her blushes and also complimented her on her lovely bottom.

Jon was next up and approached the 'Lady in Red' as I thought of her. She was up for it and stood, to stand side by side rubbing hips I noticed. She was therefore bitterly disappointed to lose with her first throw before gamely lowering a matching red g-string to the floor and placing it over Jon's head. Knowing Jon and his love of the smell of panties, that would have given him a stonking erection if he did not have one already. She would never find out what she had so nearly discovered.

Simon was the last up and he like Pete and Josh was quickly back after claiming the remaining girl's pair of black lace, french knickers. They were pretty, I really liked them and so did Simon. I noticed they never got near the pile of discarded clothes but that he kept hold of them, every so often waving them nearer and nearer to his nose.

Sarah was quick to the draw yet again.

'Ladies,' she began, 'Without wishing to intimidate any of the other well endowed men here tonight, I am afraid that you have missed out on a bit of a treat.' Poor Jon started to go red with embarrassment.

'Here is poor Jon, with all of his clothes on. Such a shame. I wondered whether any of you would perhaps care to join him in a more even bet. One item from you against one item from him. I do happen to know that he is only wearing three items, shirt, trousers and boxers. He will stop when you get his boxers and not before. Is that fair.'

My 'Lady in Red' was the only one to climb to her feet.

The room went wild. Jon now really embarrassed picked up the dice and wandered over to her table with cries of 'Be Lucky' ringing in his ears. He knew that for him it was only a matter of time, but could he drag someone under with him?'

Some bravado had returned to him as he was heard to say to the Lady 'Are you sure. I feel lucky.'

'Just throw,' she laughed. 'I want to see whether that bragging up there was true.'

She lost, her one to his four and gamely peeled off her jacket to reveal unsurprisingly a red bra. She was obviously fully kitted out in a matching set of underwear to complement her suit. Really nice. I also suspected she had stockings and maybe a suspender belt under her skirt. Tights would not have been her style.

'Do you want to carry on,' he asked. I thought that was fair. He could have just thrown again and embarrassed her into continuing.

'Shake those bones young man,' she continues. I wondered whose bones she was intending to shake later. She won his shirt, which was probably a huge disappointment. He was no Luther.

Again they threw and again she lost. We held our breath. It had to be her bra because we knew she had no panties on, so would surely not offer her skirt. Sure enough off it came to cheers from the assembled room. She still had a stunning body. I noticed the tits were hardly drooping at all. They just looked comfortable. Jon obviously thought so as well.

'I told you I was feeling lucky,' he said. 'Do you still want to carry on. I'll tell you what, you can decide after I have thrown. That way if I have a high number you can get to keep your skirt.'

She thanked him with a kiss on the cheek. I think she might have well played anyway. He threw a four, just high enough to win if she threw a one two or three. What would she do? She did not disappoint us. She picked up the dice and threw a ....two.

The room went silent for a moment after one of the guys on her table shouted the number out.

I was right she slowly unbuttoned her skirt and lowered it to the floor. Her neatly trimmed muff pointed down to the beginnings of her crease and the first sign of some fairly meaty lips. The whole picture was framed by the stockings and the red suspenders and belt. The whole room started whistling and cheering as she sat down beaten. Jon leant over to kiss her, a kiss for the vanquished I guess, and took the opportunity to accidentally run the back of his hand over a nipple. Bad boy. As he started to walk back to the table still almost fully clothed, the girl in the trousers who had lost her panties earlier stood up and said, 'Where do you think you are going? Bring those dice over here.'

Jon happily walked over and said 'Are you sure. I am on fire tonight.'

'So am I.' Said the girl. 'Get your clothes off.' This repartee broke the tension and everyone waited for the dice to be rolled.

Her five beat Jon's one and at last the girls got to see a hint of what they were after. His boxers ballooned as he slipped down his trousers.

She lost the next throw and off came her strappy top, and then the next one again and off came her bra. She had a nice but small figure but with tan marks so I guess she did not take her top off on the beach. This was brave of her. Now she faced the same problem as the previous girl. Was she prepared to bare all.

This time Jon did not offer her the easy way out. He just waited slowly tossing his dice in his hand.

'I'll tell you what' he said. 'I am taking mine off at some stage anyway.

You roll one dice and four, five and six you win and I take my boxers off. Two and three we both take them off. A one and you take them off alone and I move on to the next unlucky girl.' She accepted and rolled the dice for a two to cheers from the room. This throw seemed to please everyone, with the possible exception of the girl who had thrown the dice. She was looking a little haunted but gamely started unbuttoning her trousers as Jon slipped his hand under his waistband. She stopped unbuttoning just before they dropped and, almost as if she could wait no longer, she grabbed his boxers and pulled them over his erect cock and down to his knees. The girls in the room sat open-mouthed at the cock that we had enjoyed so much for the last month. I noticed that a lot of the guys looked a little embarrassed and tried to hide their erections. There was unlikely to be anybody to match it.

Jon now revelled in it and as a finale lifted the young girl to stand on her seat before himself unbuttoning the final button of her trousers and sliding them down. She buried her head in her hands as we all got this wonderful view of her mousy-brown muff nestling in the white vee that her bikini would normally cover. Again Jon somehow managed to hold her ass cheeks while lifting her down from the chair and kissing her before returning to his seat.

We were not left long wondering what Pete had in mind for a little after dinner action. The guys on the other tables, without exception, had shed their trousers and in most cases their shirts. They were after blood, or at least female secretions.

Frankie was the only girl left wearing anything apart from stockings and suspenders, and that little g-string hardly covered that much anyway. She was logically the first to be called and given the dice.

'This time get me two pairs of boxers.' demanded Pete. 'Oh and come back here a moment.' He turned her round and slipped a pair of handcuffs onto her wrists holding her hands behind her back.

'Oh no,' she exclaimed, but steadfastly headed for a good-looking guy. He took one of the dice from her clenched fist and threw a five, she dropped her's on the table for a four.

She stood up close for him to claim his prize. He insinuated his fingers into the crotch of the string and tentatively pulled it. It did not move down. The elastic just stretched a little. He was obviously going to draw this out. He then picked up the side strings and quite sharply jerked the string up into her crotch. She grunted and then wriggled in what looked like ecstasy as he peeled it down her legs, the crotch string pulling slowly out from between her lips at the last moment before falling to the floor.

She won the next throw but had to bend in front of him, offering everyone around a glorious view of her crack as she slipped the boxers off with her teeth. His rampant cock sprang back to hit her on the face.

She lost the next throw and was lifted bodily and sat on the edge of the table facing her choice of lads. He pushed her to her back drew her knees around his neck and buried his face in her pussy. I remember thinking to myself 'Who lost that throw? He can do that to me any time he likes.'

He stopped before she went over the edge, and this time she won his boxers, which again, she removed with her teeth. She was also kind enough to take him briefly in her mouth and slowly lick and suck his cock for a few moments, I guess as a thank you, before returning to the table.

Yasmin was called next, handcuffed but was not immediately given the dice.

Pete pushed her legs apart and slid one dice up her slippery little puss, the other he dipped in a pat of butter and slid up her back passage.

'Nooo,' she wailed.

'I guess you will have to squat on the table to encourage a fair throw. The front one is the guys, the back one is yours. Let him know if you need help expelling them.'

Yasmin hesitatingly chose a lad who stood up and allowed her carefully to climb from his chair onto the table.

'If I win the first throw, I would like my cock sucked when I eventually lose. Please pretty please,' he said ever so nicely. Yasmin nodded with gritted teeth as she squatted in front of him trying not to lose control of both orifices at the same time. Almost by wriggling her body she dislodged the front one, but scored a five for the lad facing her. He laughed as she also scored a five and he replaced both the dice. This time she lost, and again he replaced the dice. She won this time and getting down from her squatting position on the table removed his boxers with her teeth and settled her mouth around his cock. She enthusiastically sucked and even from here you could see that he was quickly going to come. He held the back of her head. With her hands bound she was completely helpless and had to accept that he was going to come in her mouth. After the first couple of spurts he pushed her head back and dribbled the remainder over her tits.

Gamely she turned to the next guy who picked up the dice, greased them both in butter and helped her onto the table before taking his time easing them both into her sticky holes. Again she lost the first throw.

She sat there waiting for the guy to replace the dice expecting him to want another blow job. But no. He picked up a pint glass and pushed it underneath her as she squatted on the table.

'I want to see you pee in this,' he said. Yasmin paled, but later admitted that luckily she had wanted to go earlier and been frightened to ask Pete if she could go. She knew what awaited her.

She closed her eyes and tried to shut off the noise of the room. That may or may not have been helped by the room going quiet as everyone was fascinated to see if she would do it. She could and did, managing to half fill the glass eventually after a couple of trickly false starts.

The lad stood up and pissed into another one, almost filling it this time and putting it alongside hers.

'If you lose this time,' he said. 'You have to drink it.' Now Yasmin really did go pale. He, not so carefully, stuffed the dice back up her puss and arse and waited. She almost cried with relief as her arse shook a six before expelling the dice from her puss for a four. She climbed down from the table and removed his boxers before creeping back to her seat to massed applause. She was pleased to see the waiter remove both offending glasses.

Sarah was next called and was noticeably shocked to be fitted with a helmet that buckled under her chin and covered her eyes in front. It was fitted with a small padlock at the side of her face that was locked with a key. Handcuffs were then fitted, with her hands behind her back and again locked with a small key. Pete sat her down and went off to talk to some guys on the floor. He asked the waiters to bring out another big table which they placed in the middle of the room.

This was not going to be fun for Sarah. I knew that she could be a bit snooty and Pete was talking to a couple of big fat guys. What was he up to?

The two guys obviously agreed to whatever Pete had in mind because one of them stepped forward, removed his boxers and lay, legs akimbo, flat on the table, his erection pointing at his chin.

He came back to the table and led Sarah down the room.

'There is a guy lying on the table in front of you,' he said. 'I have hidden one of the keys somewhere on his body. When you have found it we will unlock whatever it fits. Then you can look for the other one.

Blindfolded and tethered he led her to a chair standing immediately behind the guys head.

You could hear whispers all around, 'I'll bet it's hidden in his mouth.'

'No. I'll bet it's up his arse.'

I cringed for her and remembered how the big guy had slobbered over me. This one on the table was almost as bad and the other one was yet to come.

She felt around in front of her with her head and obviously felt his balding head beneath her lips.' She shuddered.

Pete helped her to climb onto the chair and slither forward half on to the table. She probed behind his ears with her lips and tongue. Even checking around the back of his neck. With her head resting on his she wormed her tongue into his mouth. I was so sticky at this stage that I nearly masturbated on the spot. I knew Pete would not let me. This was so gross I just wanted to come and come.

She found nothing and moved on wriggling her body down his chest. He started to play with himself, gently masturbating as she wriggled unseeingly down him. She licked under his arms, and, as she did so her tits came in contact with his mouth. He bit and nibbled at one of the nipples. She had no idea how wide the table was and therefore had to stick to lying on his body, leaning from time to time over his chest to lick away at his flesh on the sides. She wriggled further down before coming into contact with his cock as it poked her on the top of the head. She wriggled forward and was unable to stop herself taking it in her mouth. She was obviously pretty worked up and game for anything. As she investigated around his cock and under his sac, in case it was taped there, his hands came into contact with the tops of her thighs. He roughly pulled her pussy over his mouth, holding her in that position as he chewed on her lips. You could hear him now slobbering away, and at last I could see Sarah coming. She came like a train, soaking his face and writhing on his mouth. He raised his knees and her lips sought out his arse-hole. She had obviously heard the whispers and also felt that that was the sort of thing that Pete might do. Her tongue squeezed into his brown knotted orifice. You could see her shake her head in disgust as she found nothing there. He lowered his legs back to the table and she continued to wriggle down his body, his cock sandwiched between them. From the pummelling he had given it earlier I knew that with this sort of titillation it was not going to be long before he came. Sure enough as her pussy lips came into contact with his cock and, coincidentally her lips came across the key between his toes, he came, spurting between them.

Pete lifted her off and tried the key in the padlock on her handcuffs. It did not fit, so he unlocked her mask.

Now Sarah could see the enormity of what she had suffered. And she had more to come. The fat guy was replaced on the table by an even fatter guy. Poor Sarah.

She took a deep breath and nudged his toes with her lips. Not so easy twice. Pete led her round to the head of the table again and helped her up to begin her journey over this guys body. Now she could see. In some ways this was easier, but in other ways worse. She could see what she was crawling over. She kissed him to investigate his mouth. Empty, well apart from a very active tongue. He lifted his hands so that he could play with her tits, They were being really mauled but at least now she could wriggle and see into his arm-pits. Nothing. He pulled her along his body and she checked out under his double chins. Greasy, but no key.

He knew she had to make the journey down his body. She knew that although she could see that it was not taped to his cock that she had to take it in her mouth. I knew how she felt. There was no degradation worse than this. They were sixty-nineing. He was lapping at her crack and slobbering. She wriggled further down, her tits around his cock and just like the last guy he spurted between them, still sucking and licking at her quim.

She found the key and sure enough. She should have guessed, it was half sticking out of his arse. She gripped it between her lips and pulled. It eased its way out, as did a big fart, which was met by a cry of 'Get me off here' to Pete.

He took the key, undid the cuffs and freed her arms. He started to lift her off. The fat guy meantime was still licking and slurping, holding on to the cheeks of her bum like a security blanket.

'Wait' she said. She closed her eyes, concentrated and started to pee. We all burst into applause. We could see what a filthy slob the guy was and this was pay back time.

He was obviously shocked, but did it stop him. No. He just buried his face further, lapping and drinking. We almost looked the other way but it was fascinating in the way that a cobra tries to fascinate a mongoose. We could not look away.

Pete led a shivering Sarah back to her seat.

Hannah and I were left. We looked at each other. Oh no. What could be next.

Hannah got the nod before me. That made me even more worried.

Pete escorted Hannah down to the middle of the floor and sat her on a seat. He then proceeded to rub two or three pats of butter into her breasts.

'I would like each table to select one volunteer to come forward please. Perhaps we could start with this table here.' The guys talked amongst themselves and one of their number stepped forward.

Pete held Hannah's breasts in both hands and said 'Here put your cock in between these magnificent tits and see what happens next.'

The guy dropped his shorts and eased his cock between her tits.

'Hold them up for him please Hannah.'

She held them up and pressed them together as he straddled her knees and rubbed his length between them. The friction was soon going to make him come. With the butter lubricating the passage it would have felt not unlike her vagina. He had been at it no longer than a minute or two before he spurted all over her face and hair.

This was just the start as a queue formed, a succession of lads who each duly straddled her, and relieved themselves by wanking between her tits.

Her face and hair and breasts were soon covered in dripping spunk.

What a sight she made. You could see that some of the boys who had not been chosen had decided that they could stand no more and pulled themselves off anyway. Indeed one lad who had done just that, actually stood up as the last boy was finishing and just shot all over her legs. He did have the grace to apologise.

Hannah was eventually allowed to stand up and disappear off to the bathroom to wash up before returning to the table.

I felt sorry for her because this had not only been demeaning but also that she was never going to get an orgasm like that.

She later said that she had got quite a buzz from the feeling of power she had over the boys. She used to be embarrassed about the size of her tits and here were the guys revelling in them.

I guess I was last again. I waited to hear what I had to do.

Pete stood up.

'Gentlemen, Oh and Ladies' he said. 'I was not too sure what to do with our Cindy but she has rather suggested her role to me herself.' I looked puzzled.

'Did I not see her slap away a couple of hands earlier. Was there anybody here who got hurt in that cruel way.'

A few hands went up. 'Yes she slapped my hand.' 'Yes she elbowed me away.'

'As I thought. Cindy, stand up to be punished. As ye sew, so shall you reap.'

My heart leaped. He was going to beat me before all these people. I just knew that I was going to come. I started to salivate, through both sets of lips. I tried to protest.

'No Pete. Not that. Please.'

'If I thought that you meant it, I would stop,' said Pete. 'If you do not want to do it walk into the kitchen now.' He knew me too well. I was getting hot for this. I sat there at my place and just nodded my head.

'Two chairs, seat to seat,' he said.

The chairs were set. The backs were low enough for me to bend over the first one and hold on to the back of the other one. He kicked my feet apart. And again further. I was soaking wet. I knew, I could feel myself dripping and I am sure I could even smell my arousal.

'Form a queue. One table at a time.'

I realised that everyone was going to get the chance to slap my bottom. That was thirty or more.

They started. Some were more like taps, others a grope. More and more however they were standing back and slapping me really hard. I started to anticipate each slap. I could feel myself pushing my bottom towards the next hand. I was wriggling and I could feel my bottom colouring.

The ones who were groping me obviously thought that they were turning me on, but in truth it was the smacks that were doing so.

I could hear myself shouting 'Harder.'

Suddenly I was conscious of the next person taking up a different position. I assumed it was just a left-hander, but realised it was the girl who had been wearing the red suit, now magnificently naked bar stockings and suspenders.

'You are really enjoying this,' she acknowledged. I could hardly disagree, she had wiped her hand along my lips and felt the arousal flowing.

'Catch this.' She slapped me hard first on the left breast and then the right. I howled and wriggled, but after that all the girls slapped my breasts until they too were sore.

Eventually the queue ceased and I stood, my bottom crimson and my cheeks flushed with desire. I needed to be finished off. I desperately wanted some peace and quiet to ram my fingers up my pussy.

Pete said quietly to me. 'I want to try something else. This may hurt. Shout the red word if you want me to stop.'

This was worrying but I was so close to coming I craved pain.

He lay me down on a table on my back. I started to put my hands up my sopping cunt, but he slapped them away. I looked to see that he was holding a lit candle that he had taken from the mantelpiece.

He held it a foot or so above my body and tilted it to allow a small drip to hit me on the chest above my tits.

I gasped. ' Noooo.' But I knew what I had to say to stop. That one drop was not too bad. A couple more would be ok.

He trailed it down between my breasts, dribbling hot wax as it moved lower. He moved to the side and I held my breath expecting my nipple to bear the brunt. But no. He circled my breast about an inch or two from the nipple. It was getting hotter. He was getting lower. He stopped and waited to collect a spoonful or more before dropping it.

I screamed as it hit my nipple full on. And lower still. I could feel the wax cooling and stiffening around my erect nipples, holding them in that position. I wanted to rub them and masturbate but could not move my hands where I gripped the sides of the table.

I knew where it was going next and waited with baited breath again while he first circled the nipple and then dumped on it.

He circled my belly button, but I was delighted to say did not drop any in there. Even in that state, my wracked body knew I would have difficulty getting it out.

I felt the drops moving lower from my belly button. I felt hands pulling my legs apart. This was the first time I had remembered that I had an audience, and I was shocked to see them crowding around, standing on chairs and tables. They were silent.

The wax dripped onto my pudendum and I jumped. Red came to my mind, but stayed there.

He decorated my outer lips. He must have been lower again. it was hurting like hell. There was a long pause as he gathered liquid at the base of the flame.

I screamed again as it hit the middle of my lush inner lips. They were so wet I could practically hear the sizzle.

'Last drops coming up.' Said Pete. 'Just your little clit.' I felt a finger easing it out from under its hood. It stood hard like a little cock.

I realised it was the woman in red who was standing beside me easing it out.

'Red.' I shouted and Pete raised the candle and lifted it away. I was so grateful I could have cried. I was desperately close to orgasm, but that was going to be too much.

I felt the woman's lips on mine. Her tongue flickered around my teeth and tickled my tongue. I gave myself up to her. I fought to get my tongue in her mouth.

'Say green,' she whispered. 'It will only hurt for a moment.'

I gasped. It wasn't over. She played with my clit and my body jerked. She stopped, teasing me, so I begged her not to stop.'

'Say green. Take the wax.'

'I can't, no I can't. Please don't make me.'

'Hush dear,' she said. 'No-one will make you do anything. Just say green and it will be all over. Until you've tried it....'

'No. No nooooo, Green. Green.' I cried.

Pete had not gone away. I guess the candle had been collecting liquid wax all this time. 'Are you sure,' he said. God bless him.

'Yes. Yes. Green. Green. Hit me with the wax'.

He did and I screamed and orgasmed in one movement. I bucked and jerked and rubbed my labia with both hands, forcing three or four fingers up my cunt. I was out of control and the girl in red was still tickling my clit.

When I came back to earth Pete lifted me down from the table and Yasmin and Frankie half carried me to the kitchen. The girls gathered around me.

'I'm okay,' I said. Give me a few minutes and a drink. They brought me a bottle of cold bubbly.

Sarah bustled off apparently in a mood.

I could hear her from the kitchen shouting 'That's it. Party's over.' To the room as a whole and to Pete a direct 'How could you do that to Cindy, you bastard.'

She appeared back in the kitchen with an armful of our clothing, which we hurriedly and shamefacedly put back on.

'I'll never talk to him again,' she started.

'Hang on Sarah. It was okay.' I chickened out of telling her that it was wonderful and that I had never come so hard or so fast.

She was not to be crossed and after dressing we trooped out of the kitchen door leaving the boys to say good-bye to the waiters. We were silent as we started to walk home before luckily grabbing an empty taxi.

On arriving home we sat around the lounge waiting for the boys to return. We pulled out the last few bottles of wine and sat, almost silently, each with our own thoughts.

I had to come clean.

'Sarah, it really wasn't that bad. Oh listen, who am I kidding it was fantastic.'

The girls looked at me with their mouths open.

'Well of course it stung a bit. Especially when he brought it down low, but I would let him do it again tomorrow if I could. Not today. I am not sure I want to come like that again. So soon anyway.'

Sarah was not easily mollified. 'Well he must be sick to think of something like that. How would he like us to do it to him.'

It went quiet again and more wine was drunk.

'Well,' said Yasmin. 'We could ask him if we can do it to him. Or even embarrass him into having to agree if we come on all hurt.'

'We haven't got any candles,' I said. 'Otherwise, I think it's a brilliant idea.'

'Well,' said Yasmin again. 'I collected half a dozen candles from the restaurant on the way out. In case we had a power failure on our last night. Or maybe just in case, of course, that we wanted to get our own back. And well, maybe you could try it on me. Perhaps just my tummy. Not down there or my breasts or anything.'

We looked at her in amazement, speechless.

She perhaps felt that she needed to keep talking.

'Well, you see, I don't think I have ever been so turned on just watching before. I nearly came when you did.'

We fell about laughing. Even Sarah.

She had the grace to admit that she had also been very turned on, but what with the screaming and everything she thought Pete had been a little sod.

'Don't forget, I always had my escape word Red. And in case you didn't hear it, I used it, before he hit my clit and he pulled straight back. If it had not been for that woman in red I would never have agreed and what an orgasm I would have missed then. Anyway I am not burnt anywhere.'

They insisted on seeing for themselves. It was true. There were patches of wax still and it was bright red in parts. Like my bottom after a spanking. It really was quite satisfactory.

The boys came in soon after. They had obviously stopped for a quick beer on the way home and had bought a few bottles of bubbly back from the restaurant.

They were quiet and shamefaced.

Sarah started in on them as we had planned.

She concluded with, 'There is only one way we are going to forgive you and talk to you again. If Pete takes it like a man. Cindy here has a candle.'

Pete looked a little shocked, but what could he say.

He stripped off his clothes, took a long drag of bubbly and lay on the table where I had indicated.

To show him there were going to be no hard feelings, I gave him a big tonguey kiss and started to massage his dick. I wanted him to come like I did. He needed to be turned on.

'The panic word is Red,' I whispered in his ear.

He kissed me back more readily and started to play with my tits now only covered in a t-shirt. I poured a drop or two of bubbly over his chest and licked it off, following this up with some in his navel and then over his cock. He was rampant and ready.

I held the candle quite high so the first drop would almost have hardened before it hit. His face was a picture. This was not as bad as he had thought. I continued to drop it from a height as the wax surrounded his nipples. I pinched them both to make them a little more sensitive and lowered the candle to about a foot.

This time he jumped and groaned, partly in pain partly in desire. I think. I didn't care. He hadn't said red. I gave the job of wanking him to Frankie, so that I could concentrate on the wax flow.

'Don't let him come,' I hissed at her.

As he had done to me, I moved down his body, but took some delight in dropping a big dollop right in his belly button. Let him try getting that out in a hurry.

I had kept the candle fairly high. It was never that painful that he would want to panic.

I dripped around the top of his thighs and into his pubic hair.

I held up his balls and managed to place a few drops on his perineum, where it would solidify before it reached his bum. How would it go on his balls I wondered. Only one way to find out. He jumped but said nothing. He was very close to coming.

I gestured to Frankie to stand back and Pete made a grab for his cock himself. We hauled his hands back as I waited to allow a large drip to form.

I lowered the candle to about six or eight inches and poured a tablespoon full of hot wax onto the underside of his cock. Before we could release his hands he had spurted come all over his face and chest.

His hands scrabbled to tear of the hardening wax and rub himself to a finish. A big grin spread across his face as he said 'Hey guys, that wasn't too bad. Who's next.'

Josh was quick to say,' Well I would be happy to be the next boy to go, but look there is only half an inch of candle left. Maybe just enough for a quick drop or two onto one of the girls.'

We looked at Yasmin who piped up, 'Okay Josh I will go next, as there is only half an inch left, but look.' From behind her back she produced another six candles and Josh paled.

I had no interest in watching again and took Pete off quietly to one of the bedrooms for the four or five hours we had left before we had to start packing. I understand that they split up into pairs, waxed each other and, as we had done, disappeared off for a more gentle form of loving to round off an amazing holiday.

Chapter 16

Frankie here. Just signing off our little story.

What can I tell you? That we all had sex on the bus on the way to the airport. No.

That we all had sex in the toilets waiting for the bus. No. I wouldn't lie to you.

That we all joined the mile high club. Not even that.

We quietly travelled back to Manchester airport, no sign of the hi-jinks that we had been up to only a few hours earlier.

Yasmin called us together at one side as we waited for the bags.

'Can we say goodbye now, in here?' she said. 'My parents are picking Hannah and I up from the airport, so I don't want to be kissing you all in there I am afraid. I will be locked in my room for ever. And it is only a few weeks back to the start of term again. We will see each other next year won't we.'

She was close to tears.

Cries of, 'Of course.' 'You bet.' 'Try stopping me.' were all we needed to bring about the group hug.

'Look,' said Josh, 'perhaps we could start a club next term. I mean I don't suppose we could get student union funds for it, but with twelve founding members maybe we could stretch our wings a little. Anyway, it is worth thinking about it. We will meet up the Wednesday after Freshers Week in the Five Bells. See you all there.'

I left with a gratifying moistness between the legs.

I hope you enjoyed our holiday as much as we did.

Frankie.
