The Curse of Arnford Manor

By Mythical Traveller
[mythmanxvi (at) hotmail.com]

Epilogue


Thirty-four men were been killed in the Holliston riot of July 15, 1931. Dozens more 
were seriously injured. 162 were charged with a slew of various violent crimes as a 
result. Due to the misleading influence of the curse, none of the men who participated 
in the riot could recollect what had happened that night. The massacre received 
nation-wide press coverage and was blamed solely on the stresses of the Great 
Depression. As a result, the government responded with a generous amount of 
funding, geared into rejuvenating the Holliston economy. 

As Nerine anticipated, Theresa Colbys recovery from the soul toxin she had suckled 
from Serina Arnfords breast was dreadfully traumatic. The coven took her 
unconscious body back to her own bedroom, where she endured three and a half days 
of fever, chills, seizures, sharp pain and vivid nightmares, before finally reawakening. 
Nerine remained by her side and administered expert care to her throughout the 
ordeal. She remained sickly for several more weeks, though she eventually recovered 
to full health. However, the grief of losing her beloved fiance (under circumstances 
she did not remember), would linger with her for the rest of her life.

After an appropriate length of time had passed since Theresas recovery, the coven 
approached Gerald Colby hoping to somehow barter their flourishing corn farm in 
Nebraska for The Arnford. Gerald Colby would not hear of such a deal. To their sheer 
amazement, he signed the deed of The Arnford over to them for free. Though he was 
unclear on much of what had happened the night of the riot, he knew for certain that if 
it hadnt been for Nina and her family, he would have lost his most precious asset: his 
daughter. He owed them more than he could ever repay.

The witches sold their farm and lived off the profits. Their mothers moved to 
Holliston to join their daughters in their grand new home. The coven changed the 
name of the house back to Arnford Manor.

After a few years, Demi happened upon the secret door in the original basement, 
which led to the bunker Riley Vandelul alluded to in his journal. It turned out that the 
bunker had been converted into a mausoleum, with only a single sarcophagus interred 
within  that of Marcia Arnford. The guilt of the curse had been cleansed from her 
bones and the witches believed that she was finally at peace, wherever she was.

Serina Arnford lived out her mortal days wrapped in a straight jacket, in a padded 
room in an asylum. She did nothing but snarl and spit at anyone who came near her. A 
century and a half of being at one with a curse had destroyed whatever semblance of 
empathy or rationality she may once have had. To the administration and the state, she 
was only ever known as Jane Doe.

The coven never came across another manifestation that could be traced back to 
Serina Arnford. As far as the witches could tell, all of her remaining twisted children 
died as virgins.

Following their wedding, Swift Coyote would lay with each of Ninas sisters 
occasionally and even had an additional son with Levinia and a son and second 
daughter with Nerine. But it was not a betrayal of trust because he did so with Ninas 
blessing. Besides, his affection for the other witches could not compare to the deep 
emotional connection he had with his wife. Their marriage was blessed with two 
further daughters in addition to their first, the future High Priestess of Fire.

Swift Coyote was an adoring father to all his children. He taught them the skills of a 
nimble warrior and how to defend themselves against those who persecuted them for 
their unconventional faith. The teachings that had been passed on to him from Speaks 
With Stones were added to the covens wealth of arcane knowledge. 

Nina and Swift Coyote shared a long, happy marriage. They lived together in Arnford 
Manor for over fifty years, until death did they part.

Arnford Manor is still the cherished family home of the Coven of the Four Paths to 
this very day. Our heroes great-granddaughters, Adamine, Ava, Sera and Brooke 
have grown into powerful witches. Rumour has it that theyve recently discovered a 
young man whose strong seed makes him an excellent candidate to help them become 
the new high priestesses...



The End



Partially inspired by the wonderful works of Jim Balent and Holly Golightly.

Thank you for reading. I hope you enjoyed The Curse of Arnford Manor.  If you 
liked this, my other story, Witches Rising follows the Coven of the Four Paths in a 
modern setting.
