"I have to ask, Merlin, whether you had any particular reason for setting out in the middle of the night."

"So you wouldn't miss me?" Merlin shifted the reins to his left hand so that he could scratch behind his ear with his right. They were following the path by the river, broad and well-defined but plagued by small insects that seemed to think Merlin was particularly tasty.

He could just make out in the fast-fading light that Arthur was giving him a dubious look.

"Alright," Merlin said. "It's a full moon, so it's not really dark; it's late spring so the nights are short, and this way we'll be able to cross the whole of the Cantref Forest in daylight, without having to stop."

"That actually makes sense. Quite impressive. Someone might even accuse you of strategy."

"I'm sure I wouldn't go that far," said Merlin drily.

"Were you planning to sleep at all?"

"Of course. When we get to the other side of the forest."

"Excellent."

"Although we can stop for a little while now if you're tired."

"Don't be ridiculous, Merlin, you're the one who fell asleep standing up in the council chamber last week."

"Army supply lists are very boring. And I'd been up all night polishing your armour."

Arthur laughed; an answering smile twitched at the corner of Merlin's mouth.

"All the same," Arthur said. "I always manage to keep awake. So should you. An army is worse than useless if it's not properly equipped."

"You seem to be awake. That doesn't mean you're listening."

"Of course I was listening. I could tell you exactly how much salted pork we have stored in case of attack. It's very important. 'Famine makes greater havoc in an army than the enemy, and is more terrible than the sword.'"

"I suppose that does make sense," Merlin conceded.

"It's a quote, actually. From that book you gave me."

Merlin allowed himself a little squirm of pleasure.

"He had some fascinating ideas, Vegetius. Did you know he wrote about using trained elephants in battle?"

"Elephants?"

"Yes, and camels. Most resourceful."

What's an elephant? was on the tip of Merlin's tongue, but he hated that Arthur might think him ignorant so instead he said, "not many of those around here, though," and was relieved when Arthur laughed and agreed with him.

They rode in silence for a while after that; the path narrowed as they got further from Camelot and the likelihood of attack grew. Merlin kept his eyes and ears open and he could all but feel Arthur's alert attention. Their horses settled into an even, steady walk, side by side, and if they minded the near-dark they showed no sign of it.

Arthur touched Merlin's horse's neck, and they came to a halt. Arthur put his forefinger to his lips, his head tipped to one side.

"What is it?" Merlin whispered.

"Shh," Arthur whispered back. "I'm trying to listen."

Merlin could hear nothing himself other than the babbling of the river and his own heartbeat. He had excellent hearing, too. But it wouldn't be the first time Arthur had picked up something Merlin had missed. He could pick up the sound of a rabbit or a deer in the same way Merlin picked up the echo of a spell or enchanted item. It was uncanny.

Arthur leaned in close to whisper very quietly. His lips brushed Merlin's ear, soft and damp and suddenly Merlin was having to concentrate very, very hard on Arthur's words, rather than how it felt.

"I think someone's following us. Keep your eyes open."

Merlin nodded.

"But don't look like you're keeping your eyes open."

Merlin could have pointed out that it would be pretty tough for anyone to tell what his eyes were doing seeing as it was all but dark, but he thought better of it. They rode in silence for a few minutes, until Arthur said, "Great night for a ride!"

Merlin wondered if Arthur had gone mad. It wouldn't be the first time. Then he recognised the frantic, darting looks Arthur was sending him. This was Arthur attempting to act normal for the benefit of their possible stalkers. Merlin sighed.

"Yes, Sire," he said, a little too loudly.

"We should have brought a bird of prey. You've never been on a night-hunt, have you?"

"Um, no, Sire."

Merlin knew he wasn't being very helpful, but it was hard to talk just because someone wanted you to. He knew that anything more complicated that he let out of his mouth would be ridiculous and give them away entirely. So he concentrated on listening instead, evaluating every hoof-fall, every rustle of the bushes.

He concluded only that things were a lot noisier at night than a person might expect.

Arthur raised his hand; they came to a halt.

And then the boar charged.

*

It was all over quickly, for which Merlin was very grateful. Arthur came off his horse as they fled from the animal's path and that gave Merlin the instant he needed to open up the ground beneath its feet into a deep pit and drop a branch on it for good measure. Arthur rolled to his feet, grabbed his sword and raced over to finish it off.

Then Merlin laughed, and for some reason he couldn't stop. It was only when Arthur waved his sword at him that he managed to gasp, "We were being all stealthy and secretive for a boar!"

"I was being stealthy." Arthur wiped his sword off on a patch of moss. "You were being a complete idiot as usual. If it hadn't fallen in that hole..."

"You'd have killed it anyway," Merlin said.

"It's good to know you have faith in me at last, Merlin."

"Oh, you're very good at killing things." Merlin checked Arthur's saddle and petted his horse. "Everyone knows that."

"Well, yes," Arthur said. "Obviously." And then, "What's that supposed to mean?"

"Nothing."

"Merlin," Arthur said in his warning tone.

"Killing isn't always the best way."

"You're not going to tell me I shouldn't have killed that boar? Because seriously, Merlin, if you-"

"No, no, the boar had it coming. I meant more generally."

Arthur sighed. He took his reins from Merlin and swung effortlessly back up onto his horse. "Sometimes I could almost think you're quite clever, Merlin. And then you stop making sense altogether."

"Yes, Sire," Merlin muttered irritably, and dragged himself onto his own horse to follow Arthur back to the river path.

*

"What if it doesn't want to go down the hole?"

"Of course it wants to go down the hole. It's a ferret. That's what ferrets do, Merlin."

Merlin looked at the creature sniffing around his feet, nibbling the buckles on his boots. "Are you absolutely sure about that, Arthur?"

"How else do you think they feed themselves?"

"Berries?"

"You have seen her teeth, haven't you, Merlin?"

"Alright then… mice."

"Not everyone likes to eat rodents, Merlin. That's your speciality."

"You're never going to let that go, are you?"

Arthur grinned. "Come on. Bring her here. I'll show you."

Merlin picked up the ferret, who nestled happily into the crook of his arm, and took her to the grassy bank where Arthur waited. There were rabbit holes, covered in nets, and suddenly Ferox was alert and interested, nose twitching as she wriggled in Merlin's arms. Merlin delivered her to Arthur, who held her with the workaday detachment with which he usually regarded animals when he thought other people were looking, and paced softly to the one open rabbit hole, where he set Ferox on the ground.

He gestured to Merlin to wait. Merlin crouched down and waited to see what would happen.

What did happen, at least at first, was very little. Ferox obediently ran down the hole and that was that. Merlin wondered how big the warren might be, and if she might be lost, or have found somewhere quiet and gone to sleep. But then there was a rumbling noise and a squeal, and suddenly a rabbit shot out of one of holes only to be trapped in Arthur's net, followed fast by Ferox. Arthur snagged the net, trapping the rabbit which he swiftly despatched.

Ferox circled Arthur and the rabbit making excited noises and pawing at his ankles. They both seemed very pleased with themselves.

Arthur tossed the rabbit to Merlin. "Gut that, will you?"

Merlin fumbled the catch, juggled with the dead rabbit for a few moments before he regained his balance.

"And don't forget to empty its bladder first," Arthur said.

"Great," Merlin muttered under his breath. "Give me the worst jobs why don't you. Why we can't buy rabbit in the market like other people…."

"What did you say, Merlin?"

"Nothing, Sire," said Merlin, and got to work.

*

Merlin had to admit a hot meal was welcome, and the rabbit was tasty. Ferox didn't seem to mind sharing the fruits of her labours, and once her belly was full she curled up happily in her cage and was soon heard to be snoring softly.

"What I don't understand," Merlin said, licking meat juice off his fingers, "is why you train animals to hunt when you could do it just as well yourself. You kill rabbits all the time with your crossbow. Why get Ferox involved?"

"We can learn a lot from animals. They hunt to survive. They're designed for it. Their bodies are the right shape; their minds work the right way. They're focused, sharp, intent. Men get distracted. They've got half their mind on their prey, the other half worrying about whether they look good in their new hunting jacket, or whether their servant has bothered to check the buckle of their scabbard for wear."

"It was only once," Merlin grumbled.

"Men can be clumsy brutes compared to a natural hunter like a ferret or a hawk. You'd do well to watch them, Merlin. You could learn a few things as well."

They both found their eyes drawn to Ferox. She chose that precise moment to roll over onto her back and let out a contented burp, followed by a squeaky noise that sounded anything but menacing. Merlin reached through the bars of her little cage and stroked her behind the ears. She nuzzled his hand, sighed, and fell instantly and happily asleep again.

"Yeah," said Merlin. "Natural killer."

"Shut up, Merlin," said Arthur.

*

By the time they'd cleared the forest it was getting dark again, and they hadn't slept for well over thirty six hours. Merlin couldn't stop yawning, and whenever he yawned, Arthur yawned. So it was with some relief that Merlin spotted the town of Cinross beyond the last clump of trees, before the road became wide and well-worn, turning in just a few yards from a neglected woodland path to a major thoroughfare. This was the start of the road to Riverthorn, a large market town just south of Neath. Merlin felt a little rush of excitement despite his exhaustion: they were more than half way there.

There was an inn just off the road, with stables and a sign promising food and beds 'fit for knights and noble gentlemen'. Merlin suspected they weren't expecting the Prince of Camelot to test their services, but it was more promising than some of the inns they'd encountered in the past. The front room was noisy and full, reeking of ale and hazy woodsmoke from the large fire at the end of the room.

"Get us a room, Merlin," Arthur said. "See to it that the horses are fed and watered. Oh, and order some food, I'm starving."

"Yes, Sire," said Merlin.

He was on his way to the stables, contemplating how much less work it would have been if Arthur hadn't tagged along, and at the same time how boring, when he got a strange sense that someone was looking at him. The hairs on the back of his neck stood up and he paused, glanced over his shoulder. There was no-one there - or, rather, there were lots of people there, the street was bustling, but no-one seemed to be paying the slightest attention to Merlin.

Merlin frowned, wound the reins of his and Arthur's horses more firmly around his fingers, and strode a little more purposefully towards the stables.

*

After a supper of thick stew which tasted a lot better than Merlin had expected, Arthur lay on the (only) bed reading while Merlin fed Ferox titbits. Arthur had put her in her little harness attached to a rein that he tied to one of the legs of the bed, which gave her a measure of independence to explore the room at her own pace. Mostly she seemed interested in rifling through the contents of Arthur's bag, chewing on Merlin's boots or taking treats from Merlin's fingers. Merlin took the opportunity to find out if ferrets could be taught tricks, and was delighted to find that Ferox was a very fast learner. In no time he had her asking for food with a little chirruping noise, rolling over and sitting on command.

"Don't spoil her," said Arthur. "Remember she's a-"

"Ferocious hunter, yes, I know," and then to the ferret he chirped in a sing-song voice, "who's a fierce hunter then? Is it you? Is it? I think it is, there's a good girl," and fed her a bit of leftover chicken.

Arthur made a disgusted sort of face and put his book down. "Put her back in her cage before you mollycoddle her to death, Merlin. It's time to get some sleep. We've got a long day's ride tomorrow."

Merlin pottered around for a few minutes, tidying up their things and settling Ferox back into her cage. "Settle down, there's a good girl," he crooned at her, while she circled around trying to find the best spot to lie down and squeaked at him. He couldn't help noticing that she'd tucked a few treasures away under a scrap of blanket in the corner of her cage: shiny silver coins and one of Arthur's cloak pins. "Goodnight, fluffykins," he whispered, with a conspiratorial wink.

"Merlin."

"Yes, Sire?"

"Tell me you did not just call that ferret…"

Merlin treated Arthur to his most innocent, clueless expression.

"Oh, never mind," Arthur said.

Merlin took his blanket out of his pack and replaced it with his jacket to give the pack a bit of bulk and make it a workable makeshift pillow. He lay it on the floor next to the bed and spread out the blanket. He was fond of his travelling blanket: it had shared many adventures with him and was big enough for him to wrap himself entirely up in, safe from draughts.

"Is there anything else, Sire?" Merlin said. Arthur was watching him from the comfort of the big and only bed.

"No. No, I don't think so."

"Goodnight then, Arthur." Merlin snuffed out the candle, and lay down, tugging his blanket up to his chin. There was only a small fire in the fireplace, almost burnt down, but it was enough to make the room feel warm and Merlin, exhausted as he was, was soon drowsy.

Just as he was dropping off to sleep, Arthur said, "Merlin?"

"Yes, Sire?"

"Are you alright down there?"

"Of course. I'm used to sleeping on the floor, remember?"

"Yes, but…"

"I'm fine."

There was another long pause, long enough for Merlin's eyelids to slide shut and his breath settle towards a sleeping rhythm, and then Arthur said, "You could sleep here, if you want. There's plenty of room."

Merlin's eyes shot open, his heart racing. "What?"

"It's a big bed, there's room, and anyway you look very untidy down there."

"Untidy?"

"Just get into bed, Merlin."

Merlin hesitated. There was no denying the appeal of a soft bed. It was very generous of Arthur to offer and he had, if he was honest with himself, often imagined what it might be like to share a bed with Arthur, although not in a way of which Arthur would approve. But this was… it was too risky. Too close to fantasies Merlin found impossible and confusing, for all that they kept invading his thoughts at the most inconvenient moments.

Arthur yawned loudly. "For goodness' sake, Merlin, hurry up. I want to go to sleep."

A dozen rational objections died on Merlin's lips, and he got into Arthur's bed.

He lay there, on his back, as far from Arthur as he could get, right up at the edge of the bed. Arthur sprawled on his stomach, one arm slung around his pillow. Merlin licked dry lips and took in a few facts. He could feel Arthur's body heat radiating from him. Arthur was shirtless, bare-chested.

Arthur was watching him.

They looked at each other for what felt to Merlin like an uncomfortably long time. He wasn't sure whether he was waiting for Arthur to say something, or whether Arthur was waiting for him; and if Arthur was waiting for him they were doomed because Merlin could think of absolutely nothing he dare say at all.

Finally it was Arthur who broke the silence, when he said, "Merlin, sometimes…."

"Yes, Sire?" Merlin said, the words coming out as a sort of husky squeak.

"If you ever…."

"Yes?"

"I'm always here, if there's anything you need."

Merlin tried to manage a sense of unreasonable disappointment alongside relief. "Thank you, Arthur," he said. "You too."

"Well, obviously," Arthur said. "It's your job."

Merlin half-whispered, "More than that, though," and mostly hoped Arthur hadn't heard him. He didn't answer, which was probably a good sign. He just turned over, his broad, golden back just inches from Merlin's fingertips, and grunted.

"G'night, Merlin."

Merlin's fingers twitched. He swallowed, hard.

"Good night, Arthur," he whispered.

*

The next morning they were up at dawn. Arthur stirred when the carts with fresh barrels of ale arrived, clattering their cargo into the inn's cellars outside their window. Merlin had been awake since the very first lightening of the sky, trying to make sense of himself. Merlin was very straightforward in many ways. He'd grown up in a village where children learned the facts of life from watching animals breed and listening to coarse stories told by drunken menfolk on festival days. He knew what went where and how. He was quite keen to try it out one day. Camelot was full of beautiful women and they had a definite…. effect on him. Freya had….

…. Merlin shut his eyes tight, before the tears had even formed.

He liked girls. So why was he lying awake next to an especially manly sort of man, who was kind of an ass and kind of a friend and would one day be his king, of all things, staring at the ceiling and trying not to think about doing all manner of very wicked things with him? And why had his body added to his confusion and discomfort by making his cock so enthusiastically and undeniably hard?

"Breakfast, Merlin," Arthur grunted into his pillow.

"Yes, Sire," Merlin said guiltily, rolling out of bed and tumbling to the floor as his feet got tangled with his blanket. "Breakfast. Right away. Um."

Merlin tidied up his things and stumbled his way out of the room and down the stairs, back into the main room on the ground floor. There were still a handful of hardened drinkers there, one with a girl on his lap whom Merlin guessed had been paid to sit there, (among other things).

Merlin glanced away, shy, and concentrated on the task in hand.

He left Arthur with his breakfast and went to the stables to get the horses ready. They snickered as he approached their stalls, craning their necks towards him. He petted behind ears and stroked long, graceful necks, mildly chastising Hengroen when he nibbled at Merlin's neckerchief.

"Lovely horses, sir."

Merlin recognised the young stable lad he'd left their horses with the previous night. He didn't look more than fourteen, his voice still prone to squeaking, his face prone to pimples.

"Yes, thanks," Merlin said.

"You'll be wanting them saddled up?"

"That's alright, I can do it."

"It would be a pleasure, with horses like that. Don't often get 'em here as good as them."

"Shhh," said Merlin, with a smile. "They'll get big-headed."

The boy snorted a laugh. "I'll go get the tack."

He came back a few moments later and Merlin watched as the lad saddled first Hengroen and then Vesta. He worked quickly and deftly, giving each saddle a polish as he went.

"There's an inn called The Fox at Riverthorn, a day's ride on the northern road," he said. "When you get to the stables, ask for Len. He's my brother."

"Really? Does your whole family work with horses, then?"

"Pretty much. Pa's head groomsman for my Lord's stables up at the big house. Ma was kitchen maid when she was alive; she passed two winters ago. Then there's me and my brother. "

"I'm sorry. About your mother."

The boy shrugged. "It was the fever. Nothing anyone could do. You got family?"

"Just my Mother. My father was… he died."

"I'm sorry."

"Thanks. Have you done with him?" Merlin reached anxiously for Hengroen's reins. Jack shrugged and handed them over.

"So where are you headed?"

"I'm not sure." Merlin checked the girth and stirrups, flicked imaginary dust off the saddle blanket. "We're on a hunting trip, it depends where my master wants to go."

"Hunting trip, eh? Just the two of you?"

"He says it's quieter that way."

"Isn't it dangerous, off the road and all?"

"Nothing we can't handle. He's quite handy with a sword."

"So was my last master. Handy with a whip, too," said Jack with a rueful grin. "'S why I ran away. Fetched up here, though, got a good job… life's looking up, I'd say."

Merlin felt a wave of compassion; the boy looked so young to have already been through the loss of his mother and to have been servant to an abusive master. He dug into his pocket and plucked out a few pennies. "Here," he said, pressing them into Jack's palm. "Thanks for helping out with the horses."

Jack gave a little bow and a cheeky grin. "Thanks…. what was your name again?"

"Merlin," said Merlin.

"Well, you just be careful up North. There's bandits on the prowl up there, so I've heard."

"I will." Merlin took the reins of both horses, and nudged them gently out of their stalls. "Thanks, Jack."

"Bye, Merlin," said Jack, and watched Merlin leave the stables.

*

There was a rustling from the tack room once Merlin had gone, and a dark, cloaked shape emerged, his face turned to the wall.

"Did you find out anything?"

"He's headed North, on a 'hunting trip', so he said. Just him and his master."

"And his father?"

"Definitely dead. Recent, I'd say, by the look of him when he spoke of it."

"Thanks, Jack. You've done well."

"Don't mention it, sire. All part of the service."

The coins the stranger gave him were old and thin and half of what Merlin had given him, and it was that, Jack told himself, and only that, which left him with a sour taste in his mouth.

It certainly wasn't remorse.

*

"Are you getting homesick, Merlin?"

"Hmm?" Merlin roused himself from a half-doze and squinted at Arthur, who looked shockingly perky and alert.

"You've been horribly quiet this morning."

There was a smug undercurrent to Arthur's tone that Merlin really didn't like. "I was resting," he said. "I didn't get much sleep last night."

"That makes sense, I suppose. You never get enough sleep, do you Merlin?"

"Not with you snoring all night, no."

"I do not snore."

"Yes you do."

"That's a lie."

"No it's not. Gwen says so too. And Leon, and Edmund-"

"What did Edmund say?"

Arthur looked shocked, nervous even. Merlin's curiosity was piqued. "Just that you snore like a drunken boar. Why, what did you think he'd have said?"

"Nothing. And that's absurd." Arthur shifted in his saddle. "I would have noticed."

"That's the whole thing about snoring. You never know you're doing it."

Something about that irritated Arthur intently: his brow furrowed and he gave Merlin a very annoyed glance.

"Although I remember Gaius waking himself up snoring once. That was funny, he'd fallen asleep at his bench, snoring away, and then he gave this huge grunting, spluttering noise-" Merlin embellished with a somewhat exaggerated imitation of the sound "-and then he woke up all at once, and there was bergamot everywhere and his sleeve caught fire and-"

Merlin stopped under the weight of Arthur's glare. "Sorry. I suppose you had to be there, really."

"Can I just say how very, very glad I am that I wasn't?"

"It was funny. Honestly."

Arthur made a "tch" of disapproval and they rode on in silence for a few moments.

"Actually," Arthur said, just as Merlin was dozing off again. "There was this one time Father was sleeping in his study, and Morgana and I - we were just children at the time - we crept in and tickled his nose with the feather of his quill. He woke up with the most almighty sneeze."

He grinned, and Merlin grinned back, partly at the image of the mighty Uther being roused from slumber by a feathery sneeze, but also, more powerfully, by the image of Morgana and Arthur as children, terrorising the inhabitants of Camelot with pranks.

And then Merlin simply thought Morgana, and the pain of it was almost too much to bear.

"Yeah," he said. "I do miss Camelot a bit. Shall we stop for lunch?"

"That's a splendid idea, Merlin." Arthur reached across to tap Ferox's cage where it sat, tied securely to the back of Merlin's saddle. "Fancy some rabbit?"

*

They reached the next town just as the night was drawing in. Merlin had spent a good deal of the day being irritated by Arthur in one way or another. If he wasn't insulting Merlin he was ordering him around, and whatever he was doing, he was doing it with very very blue eyes and a very interesting mouth and very broad shoulders. Being alternately insulted, yelled at and fascinated was exhausting, and Merlin couldn't wait to find some corner of a nice warm stable to curl up and go to sleep in.

He only hoped there was a nice warm stable somewhere, because he was absolutely certain he wasn't going to sleep in Arthur's bed again.

Riverthorn was big, almost as big as the town of Camelot but without the imposing presence of a castle. This was the sort of town that had more than one of most things, including inns, and Merlin realised he had no clue which one to choose. Fortunately Arthur did; he found a respectable-looking merchant, overpaid him for a bag of apples and after a short conversation with the man, told Merlin they were on their way to the Lamb and Flag.

Merlin was about to tell Arthur in no uncertain terms that it was all very well to have a name, what about directions, when he spotted a figure out of the corner of his eye. Whoever it was had a guilty conscience because they hurried away as soon as Merlin turned to look at them, and Merlin's heart skipped a beat. Whoever it was had taken care to keep their face hidden by a hood, but there was something familiar about them; the way they moved, or-

"Merlin, have you been listening to a word I've said?"

In the second it took for Merlin to turn to Arthur and back again, the hooded man had vanished.

"The Lamb and Flag?" Merlin said, absently, scanning the crowd.

"Yes, Merlin, the Lamb and Flag. Past the end of the market, turn right, keep going until you reach the square and then it's on your left, opposite the Fox."

"Oh. Alright then."

"Take the horses, get us a room for the night and see the animals are taken care of. I'm going to take a look around."

"Are you sure?" Merlin fought a little pang of anxiety.

"Perfectly sure, Merlin, although thank you for your concern," said Arthur, smug and annoying and attractive as ever. "I'll be there in an hour."

"Alright, then," said Merlin, and set off in the direction Arthur had indicated.

"Merlin?"

Merlin turned back with a long-suffering sigh. "Yes, Arthur?"

"The horses?"

Merlin looked from Arthur to the horses, to the stall holder (who was smirking) and back to Arthur again.

He irritably took the reins from Arthur and left without another word.

*

"… and as if that isn't bad enough," Merlin muttered to his horse, "there's the snoring. Because he does snore, whatever he says, and I don't-"

Things happened very quickly. They were approaching the stables behind the inn, Merlin rambling on, when suddenly Vesta shied, blowing and snorting, which set Hengroen off. Merlin was doing his best to gentle them when he caught sight of something in the shadows, something that was becoming annoyingly familiar, and suddenly, as whoever it was slunk into the alley behind the stable, Merlin realised he knew exactly who it was. He slung the horse reins around the rail outside the stable and ran into the alley. But Merlin was too fast for the figure, catching him just as he was about to escape out of the other end.

He grabbed a shoulder, spun the man around and slammed him into the wall, holding him there with one arm across the chest. Merlin ripped off the hood, flinging it angrily into the mud behind them.

"That's enough!" Merlin hissed. "How about you tell me exactly what you're doing here and why you're following me?"

"Well, hello, Merlin," said Aloysius. "I missed you, too."

*