Bachelor Party Bet Ch. 02 Exhibitionist, voyeur. Mild
by dalton_rick(C)

Note: This is the second part of the story Bachelor Party Bet. This is the story of myself Ken and my fiance Judy just before our wedding. Please read the first part of the story before continuing.

Rick Dalton.

Judy's Bachelorette party is happening tonight. Originally she wasn't going to have one but her matron of honour convinced her to have one. It was being held at her best friend's house.

Since my fiance was going to be out all evening I saw no reason not to have my own party. My two brothers were in town for the wedding and I also invited Judy's nephew and the other three guys from my bachelor party. Rick had talked me into playing the sex tapes that Judy and I had made that were part of the entertainment at my bachelor party. Judy and I had not discussed this and I thought that I would keep this our little secret.

I am not sure why the thought of this made me so hot. Perhaps it was the forbidden fruit aspect that excited me and the fact that I was very proud of her. The other guys agreed that this was very hot. As Rick explained it to me, it wasn't just any nude woman, although she was very hot, but it was the fact that he had known her all these years and had imagined what she looked like nude. Suddenly he was able to know exactly what she looked like under her clothes and could visualize it every time he met her again.

About 6:30 Pam arrived to pick Judy up. "Have a great time." I told her as she went out the door.

"I will. Don't wait up for me." she said.

Shortly after, the first of the guys showed up. I rented a hot tub and had it set up in the garage. We were drinking and watching the sex tapes for a couple of hours when we noticed that I was almost out of mix and snacks. The guys were getting awfully hot watching the tapes and I thought that they should take a break. I was in some of the videos and I was tired of seeing my naked butt!

"Why don't you guys get into the hot tub while I go to the store and pick up some mix?" I said as I headed for the door.

I was almost at the store when my cell rang. It was my mother. She must have talked for half an hour. I hung up and went into the store and bought my snacks and mix and got back as fast as I could. As I arrived back in the driveway I received a text message from Pam, Judy's matron of honour. She said in the message:

"Ken, I wanted to explain why I had Joan drop Judy back at home so soon. We were having shooters and Rita was making them for us. She thought that it would be funny to make Judy's shots with 190 proof EverClear. Judy was getting hammered and I was worried about her. We had a guy stripping for us and I was afraid he might talk her into something she would regret. Judy had stripped totally nude, although she wasn't the only one. Joan made sure that Judy got back inside your house before she left. Let me know how she feels tomorrow. I hope she will be alright. Pam"

She was nude in front of a male stripper? My head was spinning. She is home already? She didn't tell me there was going to be a stripper. I hope Judy didn't catch them playing that sex tape.  If Pam was right, then Judy is probably sleeping it off by now.

As I got to the living room I saw something that I will never in a million years forget. My sweet Judy, nude being supported by four nude guys. They all had erections.

 I was so shocked and turned on at the same time I didn't know what to do. I just stood there for I am not sure how long watching. Finally Judy said "Nighty night." And passed out. I finally snapped out of my daze and had Dave help me carry her to bed. We left her on the bed nude on top of a beach towel. As we left the bedroom I turned to Dave and said:

"OK Dave, what the fuck was going on here when I was gone?"

Dave explained "We were in the hot tub when Judy got home. She looked pretty out of it. She said that she was so cold she wondered if she could get in with us. Rick joked that there was a no suits policy in here. She then stripped off all her clothes and got in with us. I could see that her already large nipples (from what I had seen from the tapes) were now huge. As she stepped over the side of the tub I could see clearly that her cunt was very wet. She shook hands with everyone as we all watched her boobs wiggle. She only stayed about ten minutes before she said she wanted to go to bed. She tried to get out of the hot tub, but she ended up almost falling. Everybody got out and helped her." I looked at him and could tell that he was hiding something.

"OK Dave what else is there?"

"Well, after watching that sex tape the guys were pretty worked up. I couldn't tell where their hands were under the water!" 

By the time I got back to the living room everyone else had left. They must have been feeling guilty, I thought.

I got her dried off the best that I could and tucked her in.  Judy only got up once during the night. I kept an eye on her breathing to make sure that she was all right. She was really sick the next day and had some effects the day after. As soon as she was feeling better she told me about what she remembered. She only remembered that there was a hot stripper there and that she was really getting horny. She remembered absolutely nothing after that. The next thing she remembered was waking up in bed. Pam had phoned her and assured her that nothing happened with the stripper.

"Was I out of it when I got home?" she asked. Thinking that the truth has got me in trouble in the past, I lied.

"You looked pretty out of it when you got home, said hi to the guys, and then I put you to bed. You were so horny that you made me have sex."

"I am sorry that you had to leave your guests like that. Maybe we can do something for them in the future. I hope they weren't too disappointed"

"I am sure that you have done more than enough for them." I said. "We had lots of drinks and snacks. In fact I know that they got more than they bargained for."

We never told her what really happened. I sure hope nobody took cell phone pictures of this, and where did those tapes go? 

Contact me at dalton_rick@yahoo.com 