					
Authors Note: This is a work of fiction and only fiction. It is a continuation of the story I wrote called Whats your pleasure, (which you can find it out on the web, somewhere) but moves to a new locale, namely, a porn store which the main character (Dad) has bought. For the sake of reality, it should be noted that minors (no younger than high school age) will be allowed into the store and various sex acts will take place on its premises both of which are against the laws of the land. At the same time Jacks powers are pure fantasy. But this is a work of fiction and only fiction, Right? Finally, the first installment cleans up some stuff that was left over from Whats your pleasure.

As always comments/suggestions greatly appreciated

tylerthane@yahoo.com

Pleasure Palace I 

We didnt have to wait very long at the restaurant and as the three of us, me, my son, Jack and my new daughter, Jackie, walked to our table, I noticed that Jackie turned a few heads. For her part, she carried herself just like a teenage girl should have. The thought that Jackie was not a real girl would have never crossed anyones mind. Because this was Jackies first time out in public, she would probably want to talk about it as soon as we got to the table. Getting to the table, I held her chair and whispered in her ear, Well talk about it when we get home. She just nodded, understanding exactly what I meant.

After we ordered, I expanded on my plans for the store which I had named the Pleasure Palace. As I talked, I could tell that both Jack and Jackie were getting excited. Then I got to the best part. Attached to
the office was a large store that was only be half used and I had planned to turn that into a playroom for us. Jokingly, I said with Jacks powers it would be used a lot. Both Jack and I laughed, leaving Jackie confused.  I explained that Jack had the power, among others to tweak peoples minds so that they were more willing to do things they might have thought of but would never actually do. I didnt tell her that Jack has used this technique to fuck me the first time. Her only response was to ask Jack if he could help get her a set of tits.

We spent the rest of the meal talking about the store. I mentioned that school was out so and that they could work at the store during their summer vacation and that I would pay them a good wage. They, both, jumped at the chance. Finally, the check came and we left. 

Walking home, Jackie was full of energy and again wanted to talk. Wait until we get home was my response. She just took off and ran the rest of the way to the house. Jack and I continued to talk about the store and when we got home and entered, we found Jackie, figuratively, bouncing off the walls.

We just took seats, me on the couch and Jack in a chair and waited for her to come down. Occasionally we made comments but mostly waited in silence. Finally, she ran out of energy and plopped down next to me, laying her head on my shoulder. We sat in silence for a few minutes and then Jackie said something that I never expected.

Jack, since were family now, can I suck your cock?


Chapter 2

You could have heard a pin drop. My initial reaction was one of jealousy. Jack, my son, was my man and his cock was mine. But then I realized that from our past fuck sessions, I had nothing to worry about. 
Also, I realized that if my plans worked out for the store, I would be sharing Jack with more than just Jackie.  Instead of saying something, I just waited for Jacks response. 

He simple stood up started taking of his clothes. He made a big show of it. First he took of his shirt, his muscles rippling. Then very slowly, he unzipped his pants. Turning his back to us, he let his pants fall,
exposing his taunt butt. My dick, by this time, was trying to make a new hole for another zipper. Meanwhile, Jackie was rubbing her crotch and licking her lips in anticipation. Jack had stepped out of his pants and turned to face us. He stroked his cock, bringing it to full 10 hardness. I had to restrain myself from jumping him and engulfing the monster. 

Sitting down and still stroking his meat, he nodded his head noting that he was ready. Jackie was between his legs in a flash and had impaled her mouth on his boy meat before anyone had a chance to breath. Her dress had slipped up over her panty cover ass, her balls clearly outlined thru the material. I couldnt see her girlcock but knew that it was straining the material on the other side. 

Siding back, I freed my own cock and stroked it enjoying the show. Jackie couldnt get enough of Jack.
Each time she released him from her mouth, she would impale her mouth again on the monster.

O, god, Jack you so feel and taste so good, I dont want to ever let you out of my mouth.

I could feel the jealousy rising. I had to act. Instead of ripping my rival off what I considered my property, I ripped her panties off her body and plunged my steel harden cock into her boypussy and rammed her with all my might. I grabbed her hips to force more of my raging cock all the way into her belly. I was a madman. I wanted to hurt her, to let her know that she was mine and I wasnt going to let her have my Jack.

With my first thrust, Jackies head flew off Jacks meat and howled. O Daddy, youre splitting me in two. Fuck me. Fuck me harder. This just spurned me on ramming her more violently than before. Meanwhile, Jack had extricated himself from Jackie. In one swift motion, he moved behind me and jammed his cock in my ass and started to fuck me with the same violent motion that I was fucking Jackie.

Now, Daddy bitch, fuck her with my cock

I was once again his bitch, his cock pounding me like it was a piston. It felt like his cock had gone thru me and into my own cock, making it even harder has it pounded away inside Jackie. We got into a rhythm. As Jack would pull back from me, I thrust forward; when he thrust into me, I pulled back forcing more of him into me. Jackie was all but forgotten. All I was aware of was his boy meat filling me. I was loving it. 

After awhile Jack became very still, allowing me to fuck myself on his pole. He kept his hand on my hips to make sure the aim was right but did nothing else. This caused me to slam my ass against him, getting all of this love muscle into me. This in turned pulled me back from Jackie. I moved forward slower trying to keep Jack in me that much longer. To Jackie, it must have felt the opposite. My cock sliding into her slowly but being removed violently. I dont know how long this went on, I was in the zone. All my mind could focus on was the cock that was filling violating me. I loved it! At some point,  Jack started fucking me again and I knew he was close. With one mighty thrust, he emptied himself into me which caused me to shoot my seed into Jackie. I didnt care whether Jackie came or not. I was sated. My son had fucked his bitch again! With a few more thrusts, Jack had finished coating my bowels and pulled out of me.

Im going to bed he said, picking up his clothes and heading upstairs. Beneath Jackie moaned and I realized that I had fallen on top of her. Reaching underneath her, I stroked her girl cock. It had shrunk and my fingers because sticky.

Daddy, that was awesome. Well have to do that again Pulling myself out of her, I helped her to her feet and kissed her on the lips. Lets clean up and go to bed.

Getting into bed, she snuggled against me, her ass tight against my crotch. Then we feel asleep.

(Next installment, the pleasure palace opens)
