The Curse of Arnford Manor

By Mythical Traveller
[mythmanxvi (at) hotmail.com]

CHAPTER I: Stages

Holliston, NC
September 22nd, 1912, 10:15pm.
With little more than the hazy moon to light his way, Charlie parted ways with Enos 
and Tom, his friends from the cannery and followed his own street home. The chilly 
night air was unusually still; Charlie couldnt hear any crickets chirping, only the dull, 
regular beating of his own boots upon the ground.

He wouldve liked to be home much earlier, but Enos and Tom had insisted that he 
join them for drinks in the saloon. It had been their simple-minded attempt at cheering 
him up and it had failed. Charlie, normally a fun-loving, likeable guy had been on 
edge the last week or so, although he was at a loss to explain why. He just had this 
gnawing feeling that someone or something was watching him. Whatever was 
happening, Charlie didnt like it.

By the time Charlie finally reached his modest cottage, he was almost running. He 
couldnt wait to escape from the sinister darkness of the outdoors. He bounded hastily 
up the cheap concrete steps and immediately reached for the doorknob, for he never 
locked his door. Charlie had only opened the door a crack when a sudden whooshing 
noise caused him to freeze. It was like a sudden, strong gust of wind, though Charlie 
hadnt felt any such thing. Then, he got that feeling again; that feeling of being 
watched, stronger than ever this time. 

He looked to his left, then right.

Whos there? he demanded, trying to conceal his fear. Again, he checked his left-
hand-side, then right behind himself and then his right. But there was nothing unusual 
in the shadows except a pervasive sense of malevolence. His gaze darted back to the 
left once more. There was a figure standing there that wasnt there a second ago. 
Charlie was so startled that for a moment, he forgot how to breathe. He pressed his 
back to the doorframe and began to sink as his knees went weak. His eyes remained 
locked on the stranger as if his very life depended on it; he didnt even blink.

Bit by bit, the figures features became clear to Charlie. The first thing he noticed was 
that they appeared to be shorter than himself by about three inches. Then he noticed 
that the figures outline was rather slender and curvaceous, as opposed to bulky and 
muscular. It was a woman... who was topless! Charlie knew so because he could see 
the bare skin of her pert breasts in the moonlight!

Discovering that the stranger was just a harmless woman shouldve put Charlie at 
ease, but it didnt. There was something about her, some subtle quality that made him 
uncomfortable. Perhaps it was her brazen indecency, or perhaps it was the eerie way 
she just stood there, silent and motionless. Yet against all reason, Charlie could not 
bring himself to retreat indoors. If anything, he felt drawn to the mysterious female.

Charlie jumped when the shadowy silhouette eventually approached him. By the time 
the woman began to ascend the two steps before him, Charlies heart was pounding 
wildly; his blood saturated with adrenaline.

The stranger joined Charlie on the top step, leaned over and kissed him. The first kiss 
was gentle, but the second was amorous, with the woman softly sucking on Charlies 
lip. Her mouth was warm, but only just. Kissing her was like sipping a cup of tepid 
coffee that had been sitting for a while. Charlie found no joy in the encounter, even 
though it made him stop trembling.

By now, Charlie had realized that the woman was not merely topless, but stark naked. 
Attracted to and perturbed by the shadowy female all at once, Charlie reached towards 
her, but before he could touch her, the woman broke off the kiss and slinked 
backwards. She stared down at him with dark, imperious eyes and smirked. 
Somehow, she got him to move away from the cabin door so that she could open it 
and step inside.

Charlie watched as the eerily seductive figure slowly disappeared into the pitch 
darkness of his home. He felt like he had been in a daze and he needed a moment to 
take stock of what had just happened.

The stranger was inside the cabin. The foreboding knot in his stomach was telling him 
to walk the other way; to run from his violated home and never look back. But Charlie 
had seen her smooth, inviting backside in the moonlight as she had stepped through 
the doorway. He wanted to look at it some more, he wanted to test that lithe flesh with 
his hands and he wanted to taste those enthralling lips again. It was a compulsion 
beyond reason. So Charlie entered the cabin.

He scanned the shadows of the main living area as he cautiously advanced. Nothing 
seemed out of place. But the windows offered little light and it would have been easy 
for the stranger to conceal herself.  

BANG!

The door suddenly slammed shut behind him. Charlie assured himself that it was just 
the wind, but in the back of his mind he was well aware that there hadnt been so 
much as a breeze all night. 

Charlie had instinctively turned around in response to the noise. When he turned back 
into the cabin once more, the dim orange glow of the gaslights was radiating from the 
doorway to the small bedroom. He couldve sworn that they hadnt been burning a 
second ago.

Like a hapless moth, he was drawn towards the flames. The bedrooms gaslights 
made it much easier to see; though much of the room was still veiled in unusual 
darkness. Charlie looked around for his mysterious houseguest, but once again 
couldnt find her. A moment later, she seemingly materialized out of the darkest 
shadow and came towards him with a scheming smirk upon her face. 

He could see her clearly now: her gentle feminine features framed by a mane of 
flowing ebony hair, her full lips and her perfect pink nipples (that seemed unaffected 
by the frigid night air). Her eyes were wide and captivating, with irises so dark as to 
be indistinct from her pupils. A swaying shadow covered her private region as she 
walked, but it was quite clear that there was no clothing there.

She cupped his face between her hands almost tenderly, and kissed him again. Charlie 
began to feel giddy as his blood pooled in his groin. Whoever, this mysterious woman 
was, Charlie was now under her spell. He willingly succumbed to his desire to touch 
her, at first by caressing her smooth shoulder and then by taking one of her firm, 
nubile breasts in his hand. As the woman led him over to the side of the bed (which 
comprised of a hay-stuffed mattress upon a simple cast-iron frame), Charlie felt his 
belt loosening. Her hands were so skilled; he hadnt even felt them at work.

Shortly after his trousers had dropped to the floor, the woman layed down on the 
mattress. She locked her unblinking eyes on his and began stroking her nether regions 
the way one would stroke a napping pet. Her legs were parted just wide enough to 
accommodate Charlies hips. Charlie hesitated. He knew that it was a sin to fornicate 
out of wedlock and he had been courting Estelle Jafferty whom he honestly adored. 
But this mysterious woman had filled him with irresistible lust.

Already regretting what he was about to do, Charlie kicked off his worn shoes and 
removed his shirt and underwear. As he climbed on to the bed, he leaned over and 
gave the woman a kiss, which she reciprocated. He kissed her again once he had lain 
down on top of her. Then, without any further foreplay, he pressed his fully erect shaft 
into her private place.

Her insides were just as tepid as her lips, though far more moist. The sensation wasnt 
unpleasant, but neither was it remarkably satisfying. Nonetheless, Charlie continued 
to lie with the wanton woman. It was not that he enjoyed what they were doing so 
much as he couldnt bear the thought of stopping.

The stranger silently gasped and writhed with growing intensity as Charlie ground his 
hips against hers. He began to pad kisses upon her cheek and neck, as if pandering for 
at least some emotional warmth, but she did not return them.

Then, after many minutes, the climax he had felt building within finally burst forth. 
His anonymous lover arched her back and grinned in ecstasy. Cum that was thicker 
than any Charlie had ever felt before surged through his maleness and into the 
womans center. At first it almost felt sublime, but then his racing heart slowed 
rapidly, until it was beating in time to his ejaculations. Charlie began to feel cold... 
very cold.

The woman closed her arms around his back and hissed with delight as her soft, 
titillating snatch drained him of his life.

Charlies ejaculations became weaker and weaker, until every drop of his semen was 
gone. Then his cock stopped pumping... and so did his heart.


------------------------------------

Applebury, NC
June 28th, 1913, 11:42pm.
The heavy rain showed no intention of easing off anytime soon. Every few seconds, a 
jagged bolt of lightning would flash near the horizon and shake the earth with its 
indifferent grumbling.

Mr. Harrigan was not at all comfortable driving in such abominable weather, but it 
was of the utmost importance that his errand be completed as soon as possible. He 
looked over at the tightly wrapped bundle on the passenger seat of his Model-T Ford 
and sighed. He took some solace in knowing that the journey was almost over. But he 
wouldnt be able to relax until the matter had been dealt with.

As he carefully traversed the smaller roads of the large town, Mr. Harrigan had 
difficulty finding his way. The rain made it difficult to see anything. At times he had 
to wait for the lightning to illuminate the nearby landmarks. But before long he came 
upon the familiar old archway that served as an entrance to a large cobblestone 
courtyard. Even if he had bothered to think about it, Mr. Harrigan wouldnt have been 
surprised that the gates had been left open tonight.

He drove across the saturated courtyard, to the three-story building at the far end. A 
single light was glowing in a window near the grand entrance. Mr. Harrigan parked 
the car as close to the entrance as he could. With a huff of frustration, he gathered up 
the bundle and got out of the car. He scurried up the stairs to the buildings entrance 
as fast as he dared, holding the bundle inside his coat to shield it from the rain. 

No sooner had Mr. Harrigan rushed into the old orphanage when Mr. Nolan, a portly 
middle-aged man who wore rectangular spectacles, stepped out of the nearby office.

I had a feeling we might be seeing you tonight, Mr. Harrigan, he said in a 
remorseful tone. Mr. Harrigan simply frowned and nodded in reply as he produced the 
bundle from within his drenched coat. A little girl, I assume?

Yeah, Mr. Harrigan confirmed, as he looked upon the small baby who was wrapped 
in a clean towel. Trails of blood and afterbirth still clung to her face. A girl. 


------------------------------------

Applebury Orphanage, Applebury, NC
July 1st, 1931, 9:22pm.
Katherine was seated at the tiny desk in her room, quietly going about her studies as 
she often did right up until bedtime. Even though she had recently turned eighteen, 
extenuating circumstances had allowed her to remain a resident of the orphanage for a 
few more weeks.

She heard the door to her room open and turned to see Daniel, the cooks assistant 
entering her room with a sense of purpose in his eyes. She knew why he had come. 
She had noticed the unusual way that he had stared at her while serving her meals, 
earlier in the day. Katherine had spent her entire life under the same roof as Daniel 
and there had never been any connection between them. But today, things were 
different. A dormant impulse had suddenly awoken.

Katherines youthful, freckled face maintained its usual humorless expression as she 
rose from her rickety wooden chair. Without a word, she peeled the flowing off-white 
nightie from her body and revealed her naked splendor. Her pert, adult breasts had 
puffy, pale areolae that looked as soft as unspun wool. The feminine vee between her 
thighs was well defined, with a bush at its apex that matched the light brown hair on 
her head. 

Daniel almost broke a smile in response to the girls inviting gesture. He removed his 
shirt as he advanced on her... 


------------------------------------

Applebury Orphanage, Applebury, NC
July 1st, 1931, 9:27pm.
Miss Perry, the orphanage supervisor, was making her final rounds for the night, 
which usually consisted of little more than enforcing the facilitys lights out curfew 
and instructing some of the younger orphans to, stop mucking about and go to bed.

Normally she wouldnt have bothered Katherine, as she was a well-behaved girl, if an 
unpersonable one. But tonight, something made her pause outside Katherines door. 
At first she thought her ears were playing tricks, but then she realized she was wrong.

Wicked noises were coming from within. The timbers of her bed were creaking 
rhythmically and the young lady was moaning like a wanton woman.

Miss Perry was furious. She threw the door open, scarcely bothering to turn the knob 
in the process.

KATH she began to yell, just before her voice failed her. In an instant, Miss 
Perrys face went from being red with rage to white with terror. Amidst the darkness 
of the bedroom were two ungodly red eyes that shone brightly. They were staring 
right at her.

Miss Perrys blood curdling scream pierced the air for only a second before a black 
hand, with inch-long claws upon its fingers, shot out of the doorway and silenced her 
forever.
