In The Park
by Waltz7

Laura has fun on the dance floor, then in the park.

Laura smiled as her boyfriend, John, returned to where she was sitting with drinks for the two of them. As he made his way through the club to her she admired the young man she found so attractive. John was tall, several inches over six feet, and thin and toned from working a physically demanding job without being overly muscular; in short, exactly what Laura preferred.

"You're sexy." She said, as he sat down and handed her drink to her.

"So are you." Replied John, with a smile. And indeed she was, also tall and thin with long blond hair, small but perky and perfectly shaped breasts. Tonight she had chosen a dress that came scarcely to mid thigh and showed off her long legs, which she considered her best feature.

For a few minutes they chatted and worked their way through their drinks while watching the people on the dance floor, most of whom were college students, like the two of them. As they were nearly finishing up their drinks Laura's favorite song came on.

"Come on, finish your drink so we can go dance!" she exclaimed with a little yelp of delight.

John just smiled and gulped the rest of his drink before raking her hand and leading her out onto the dance floor. The two joined the rest of the people and the dance floor and started dancing with each other. Their dancing quickly turned into grinding with each other, as many other couples on the floor were doing too. Before long John started moving his hands from their place on Laura's hips to lower on her thighs below the hem of her dress. At the feel of his hands on her bare legs Laura let out a little moan and pushed her hips back into his.

With these signs of encouragement John's hands starting moving their way around her body as they continued grinding to the music. Laura was enjoying the feel of his strong hands gently but firmly running over her body, and enjoying even more that she could feel his growing erection pressing against her as they danced. She too was getting turned on and could feel some wetness starting to develop between her legs.

As the sexual tension built for both of them Laura let one of her hands slip behind her to briefly squeeze John's now fully hard cock through his jeans. She felt his fingers tighten momentarily tighten where they were on her sides before moving upward and squeezing her breasts in return.

"You're naughty." She whispered over her shoulder even as she got more excited at being fondled like that in the middle of a crowded dance floor.

"You started it." John replied in her ear, which he followed up by nibbling her earlobe slightly.

With a moan Laura whirled around to face him, and, throwing her arms around him, passionately pressed her lips to his. They continued to make out as Laura felt his hands firmly grab her ass and pull her hips against him. After a few more seconds of this the current song ended Laura leaned back to catch her breath. As the next song started she turned back around and resumed her dancing.

As she danced Laura could feel the front of the thong she was wearing under her dress becoming increasingly wet as she grew more aroused from the feel of John's hard cock pressing against her ass and his hands continuing to roam about her body. His hands once again found their way to her thighs below her dress and Laura gasped as she felt one travel around to her inner thigh. John's hand then slid up and she shivered as he cupped her mound.

"Hmmm, you're all wet." He whispered in her ear as he pressed two fingers against the wet spot of her thong.

All Laura could manage in reply was a drawn out moan. That moan turned into a gasp as John's fingers traveled upward slightly to her clit, where pressed his fingertips and gently massaged her through the fabric. After a moment of this Laura began to adjust her dancing motions to put more pressure against John's hand as it continued pressing against her clit.

Encouraged by her response John's hand slid slightly back down to rub her slit through the fabric of her thong for a moment before slipping to the side to shift the material off of her lips. He cupped her bare mound briefly before sliding one finger, then a second into her now thoroughly wet and well-lubricated depths.

When Laura felt his fingers entering her she closed her eyes while shuddering in pleasure and her dancing turned into little more than bucking her hips against his probing fingers. As Laura again opened her eyes she saw another college age girl clearly looking at John's hand as he continued to finger her, and Laura had little doubt that her dress had been pushed up enough that she could clearly see what was happening. The other girl looked up and made eye contact with Laura, and after smiling suggestively winked and ran her tongue over her lips. This sent Laura's arousal soaring as she pushed her hips harder against John's hand.

Laura felt John's fingers withdraw from her slit and move back to her hips after pulling the hem of her dress back down and she whirled to face him.

"We need to leave. Right now. I need you inside me." She said as she grabbed his hand and started pulling him off the dance floor. Emerging from the club the two starting walking toward Laura's apartment, a walk of about twelve blocks. As they walked they found several opportunities to pause and spend a moment making out, as both were still very turned on.

Their route led them through one of the city parks, the entrance of which was under a fairly substantial concrete arch, with pillars about eight feet square. To either side of the arch ran a line of older trees with a shorter hedge underneath effectively screening the park from the road and sidewalk.

After they passed under the arch Laura turned and pulled John around to the backside of the pillar and pressed her body against him while passionately kissing him again. She felt John's hands press against her back before one them traveled down her back, over her ass, and then trailed gently down the top of her inner thigh below dress.

She leaned back and looked up at him with a low moan and said "I can't wait to get you home. Let's hurry the rest of the way."

John looked at her, glanced over her head for a moment, then replied "Maybe we don't need to wait." With that he pulled her around the corner of the pillar into the dark corner formed by the trees and the outside of the pillar. He pressed her back against the concrete of the pillar with an urgent kiss, which she passionately returned. As Laura opened her mouth to allow his tongue to slip in to tangle with hers she again felt his hands on her body. This time he wasted no time and reached underneath her dress, grabbed the top of her thong on either side and slipped it down her legs. He remained crouched to hold on to the thong as she stepped out of it.

Once the thong was off John quickly stuffed it into a back pocket and, remaining in his crouched position, shifted Laura's dress up above her hips, baring her mound. With one hand holding her dress clear he parted her legs with the other and leaned in toward her nether lips. With a drawn-in breath of anticipation Laura watched as his head moved in between her thighs then let out a gasp as his tongue made contact with her folds. She felt his tongue running up her slit several times before focusing on her clit. She moaned as he attacked her clit, sending jolts of pleasure through her body.

After a moment she grabbed his shoulders, pushed him back from her, and looking him in the eyes said, "I need you inside. I want you to fuck me, right now."

John wasted no time in standing up, and as he undid his belt and pulled out his cock he turned Laura around to face the pillar. Laura put both hand up against the concrete and pushed her hips back toward him. She felt the head of his cock pressing against her slit briefly before he plunged all the way inside her in one stroke. Caught up in the excitement of her arousal Laura pushed her hips back to meet John's as he rapidly thrust into her.

With each thrust John's cock pressed her G-spot and within moments Laura felt the waves of pleasure building towards her orgasm. With a gasp she managed to hoarsely whisper "Oh god, I'm gonna come." As John's thrusts continued she felt the pleasure crest then moaned and managed to mostly stifle a cry as her orgasm shuddered through her.

As she came down from her peak John continued pounding his cock into her before breathlessly whispering "I'm almost there" in her ear.

Laura pulled her hips forward causing his cock to slip from her depths before spinning around and dropping to her knees in front of him. She reached up to guide his cock into her mouth and proceeded to bob her head up and down his shaft, trying to get as much of him into her mouth with every stroke.

"Oh god Laura" John moaned a moment later, and Laura felt his cock pulse before the first of his come shot into the back of her mouth. She continued sucking as he filled her mouth with his come. Laura paused briefly to swallow his load before sucking his softening cock into her mouth a few more times.

With a smile Laura stood up and was met with a passionate kiss. While they kissed John pulled her dress back down then tucked himself back into his pants. Turning, the two walked hand in hand back toward the sidewalk.

Laura caught a hint of motion and, discreetly looking out of the corner of her eye saw a young man with his hand a blur of motion on his cock standing in the trees not far away where he would have had a clear view the side of the pillar where they had been.

With a mischievous smile she turned to John and said "I think we should spend more time in this park."
