Angelus lay sprawled amid the scattered rose petals, his body gleaming with sticky traces of blackberry wine. Will propped his head on one hand and watched him, fascinated by the careless grace that was contained within that long-limbed body. He was still more than a little in awe of his sire, and an evening alone was a prize beyond measure. He knew the women giggled over his obvious hero worship, but lying limp and sated in Angelus' bed, he didn't care. 

Something had changed last night, but he wasn't sure exactly what. There had been a gentleness to Angelus' voice, a warmth in his eyes, a tenderness in the large hands that caressed him that left him shaking with a need stronger than he'd known before. Angelus had played with him, teased and wooed him like he would a woman, plying him with blackberry wine until his head was dizzy from it. Will blushed to recall how he'd been stroked all over with roses until he writhed with pleasure and begged for Angelus. The petals had fallen to the bed and been crushed beneath them when at last he was answered, their scent perfuming the air while they... what? Fucked? Rutted? Made love? 

The last struck home, but he was almost afraid to hope for it. He'd already been granted so much more than he ever thought to have... surely wanting more would be greedy. But even as he thought it, he remembered Angelus stretched out beneath him, first laughing and then moaning when Will spilled the last vestiges of the wine over golden skin and licked him clean. For one brief, shining night his sire had given of himself, lay down for his childe and let him draw the symphony of bliss from his throat. That was enough for anyone, wasn't it? 

Oh, it wasn't like he thought Angelus was going to abandon him just because they'd shared one tender night. There would be many more times when the blood boiled in them and they fell to hands and knees in the alleys, endless nights where Angelus would rip at his skin with teeth and claws before falling upon him like a wild beast, years to come when his sire's hands and cock would make him bay his release to the moon above. Yet still he couldn't help but wish there would be a few more nights like this. 

The first stirrings of the day drifted in from the street outside- the clatter of wheels on the street, the shrill laughter and chatter of the shopgirls on their way to work mingling with the calls and bells of the vendors, all of it mingling in the inevitable chorus of light. Will stretched his hand out, tracing his initials lightly over Angelus' heart, then began to slip from the bed when a sleepy voice called him back. "Where do you think you're going, then?" 

"It's almost light out." 

"And that matters not to me. C'mere, stay a little longer." Angelus reached out, wrapping a hand around one slender arm, pulling his childe back down to the soft feather mattress. 

Will wriggled, earning a soft groan from the man beside him. "But the day- if I fall asleep..." 

"Would that be such a terrible thing?" The soft whisper stirred his hair, several of his damned curls tickling his ears. Hands turned him around and one heavy leg settled over his, pinning him in place. 

Will looked up. "No, not terrible at all." He snuggled closer, wrapping himself about the larger frame like a wisteria vine. burying his face in Angelus' neck, breathing deep. There was something about Angelus' scent that managed to alternately calm and rouse some of the desperate wildness that seemed to claw at him from the inside sometimes. After last night, it soothed him, lulling him into a soft contentment. Large hands stroked over his side and stomach, petting him and pulling him close. Will felt his chest tighten, drawing in air that was released with a low rumbling-

"Are you... purring?" Angelus rose up on one elbow, peering down at his childe. 

"No!" The instinctive denial was almost drowned out by the sound. Will put a hand up to his chest, the action mirrored by Angelus, and both could feel the vibration that seemed to be coming from inside him. 

The sight of wide blue eyes drew a burst of delighted laughter from Angelus. "You are!" He stroked his hand over soft skin, leaning down to nuzzle at his boy's neck. The purring had begun to taper off and he whispered, "Don't stop, Will."

"How can I stop? I don't even know how I'm doing it!"

"Darla said it happens when we're perfectly content and at peace. Never heard her or anyone else do it, though." Teeth scored lightly over his throat before Angelus raised his head and smiled. "It's nice."

Perfectly content and at peace. Will considered those words for a moment before deciding that they were exactly right. He smiled up at his sire in return, then snuggled closer. "Yeah, it is." The pair kissed a little more, then curled up together, drifting off to sleep accompanied by the steady purr of Will's happiness.