The Story of Jenny Part 5 - Jenny Learns To Use A Switch

Jenny and one of her new friends, Melissa, had lunch and were discussing their love for administering discipline to their boyfriends.  Melissa asked Jenny if she ever used a switch, and Jenny answered that she had not, that she has used the paddle, hairbrush, strap, and cane.

"Oh you've got to try the switch - there's nothing like it," the tall redhaired Melissa said.  "I get so much pleasure from using switches - more so than the cane.  I'll show you how to use it.  Would you like to see me use it on my boyfriend?"

"I'd love to.  But why don't you use it on my boyfriend," Jenny replied.  "You can show me how to use the switches and you'll get to use them on somebody different."

"Ohhh, I like that idea.  As long as I have free reign and complete control of the session.  No restrictions at all," Melissa said with wide eyes.  Jenny agreed, and they set a day and time for Melissa to come over.  Melissa promised to bring some switches with her.

Jenny told her boyfriend that he would be "receiving some attentions" from someone he had not met, and that this new person would have complete control of the session.  She did not mention what those attentions would be.  He knew that it was physical discipline, but he didn't know what flavor.

Melissa showed up two days later with a bundle of unprepared switches wrapped in newspaper.  After the introductions, she asked if she could begin.  When Jenny gave her assent, Melissa ordered Jenny's boyfriend to go to the bedroom and get completely undressed, and to come back.  A few moments later, he quietly came back, completely naked, and Melissa commenced to show them how to prepare switches after they're removed from the tree.  She demonstrated how to trim off the loose shoots, to cut off the straggly ends, and to smooth out the switch.  

Then Melissa put the switches down, sat in a chair, and told him to stand in front of her.  When he did, there was complete silence in the room for a few moments.  He felt her gaze all over his body.  She had him turn around, while she subjected him to the same scrutiny with his back toward her.  Then she told him to face her again, and to stand about a foot in front of her.  This was designed to make him apprehensive, and it worked.

He felt as though his abdominal area was trembling, partly from fear and partly from excitement and anticipation.  Melissa reached over and cupped his balls in her hands.  He immediately started to get erect as she used both hands to massage his cock and testicles.  After a moment, she curled her thumb and forefinger around the base of his testicles and gave a few brusque tugs.  He groaned at this mixture of pleasure and aching pain from the tugging.  Then she withdrew her hands, and waited until his erection subsided somewhat.  Then she gave him another scrotal tug, and, keeping her hand in place to give more tugs, started to ask him questions.

"Have you ever had a switching before?" she asked.

"No," he replied.

She gave him a hard tug and he reacted with "Aughhh!".

"No, what?" Melissa demanded.

"Oh... No ma'am," he replied, catching the direction he was expected to go.

"You know you're going to get a good switching today, don't you?"

"Yes ma'am."

Tugging lightly, she asked, "And you know it's going to hurt - a lot."

"Yes ma'am."

"Do you know why I'm going to give you a severe switching on your bare bottom today?"

"No ma'am."

Accentuating each word with a brusque tug, she said, "because... (tug) it... (tug) pleases... (tug) me!"  (tug)

Tugging a little harder, and rhythmically, she said, "And you know that I'm going to switch you until I decide to stop, don't you?"

"Uhh...  Yes ma'am," he groaned.

"And you know that you had better not get out of position during the whole switching, don't you?" she asked, interspersing the tugs with an occasional light squeeze on his testicles.

"Ohhhh...  Yes.  Yes ma'am."

"A switching really, really hurts," she said, giving him a few harder tugs.  His throbbing, erect cock bobbed up and down with each tug.  "You definitely do not want to get out of position!  You know that, don't you?"

"Yes ma'am!  Uhnh..."

Continuing her tugging and squeezing, she said, flashing her eyes coyly at him, "You will be tied down and punished very, very severely if you get out of position.  But you'll be well rewarded if you stay in position for it.  I get really turned on when I give a good switching!  It makes me creamy.  Yes?"

"Oh... Yes ma'am!"

"Good," she said, withdrawing her hand.  "Let's get started.  I want you, when I get up, to put this chair in the middle of the room, bend over the back of it, and hold on very tight, because you've never felt anything quite like you're going to feel today."

Melissa got up and retrieved the switches and placed them on  a nearby table while he followed her directions.  Jenny smiled at him when he looked at her, and he could tell that she was getting aroused, just by the look in her eyes.  When he was bent over the back of the chair, the red-haired Melissa walked up behind him and started to prod, pinch, and palpate his naked bottom, as if she were examining a cushion or a pillow for firmness.  After a moment of this, she very lightly touched and ran her fingers over the surface of his testicles.  Then, picking up one of the switches, and without any further delay, Melissa stepped to his side, brought the switch back, and swiped it across the bared target.

Reacting to the intensity of the pain inflicted by the switch, he gave an immediate shout.  A scant few seconds later, another stroke.  This was followed by another shout.  Again and again the wicked switch striped his vulnerable naked backside, with Melissa paying no heed to his now urgent outcries.  He kicked his feet and twisted with each stroke, while Melissa's face reflected a combination of interest, excitement, and arousal.  She parted her lips and chenched her teeth as she administered to him. 

After giving him about two dozen strokes Melissa paused, picked up a fresh switch, and walked around him slowly a few times, whisking the switch through the air so that he could hear its fearsome sound.  She gave him this brief rest since she didn't want to force him to get out of position, although she knew that she could if she wanted to.  It was her intention to bring him close to that point a few times during the adventure, but not to deliberately force the issue.

She took her place again and renewed the vigorous application of the switch.  Most of the stokes by then overlapped where the switch had previously struck, intensifying the pain.  Again, he pleaded with her to stop, to not hit so hard, to do anything but keep up the onslaught which she immensely enjoyed.  Melissa picked up the pace, delivering the switch strokes faster than in the first set, and paused again after a couple dozen strokes.  He panted and groaned during the pause as she again circled around him, not saying a word.  

Melissa put down the switch and teased her fingers lightly on his testicles, and then cupped her hands around his balls and massaged lightly until his cock started to get hard.  She gave his nuts a few tugs, picked up a fresh switch, and started another set of strokes.

She delivered this set harder, and with an even cadence, for the entire set of two dozen, before pausing.  She did not walk around after this pause, but simply stood silently where she was.  After a few moments, she delivered twelve strokes as fast and as hard as she could, and then stopped.

She told him to get up and turn around, and mentioned, "You did pretty good, not getting out of position.  Jenny promised me complete control of the session, and that includes any extra reward and punishment.  I want you to get down on your knees."

When he complied, Melissa kicked off her sandals, hiked up her short skirt, and commanded, "I want you to take my panties off - with your mouth."  

He groveled up to her on his knees, and started to awkwardly tug down her panties, bringing them down first a few inches on one side, then on the other.  He noticed that her crotch area was soaked through with her own cream.  He took in the scent of Melissa's dampness all the while.  When her panties were on the floor, she stepped out of them.  

Melissa obtained a towel, spread it on the sofa, and sat on the towel with her skirt pulled up.  Then she spread her bare legs as far apart as possible, and told him to approach her.  With his erect member sticking out in front, he came up to her, still on his knees.  She started masturbating herself, obviously enjoying the show she was giving him, and his reaction to it.  She had him stay kneeling in front of her while she crested twice. Then, positioning herself, still with her legs spread, so that her creamy vaginal entry was a couple inches back of where the edge of the sofa was, she said to him, "Okay, now you can go inside me - but you must stay kneeling at all times - and you'll only be able to go in a little bit.  You may ejaculate inside me."

He looked at Jenny, and saw her wide, excited eyes.  She subtly nodded, letting him know that he was to go ahead with Melissa's plan.

With a hard, throbbing member, he approached Melissa, and then, with some effort, entered her moist, glistening womanhood scarcely more than an inch.  With thrusting movements, he could not penetrate more than halfway.  After a few moments of this he couldn't help spurting a full load into her receptacle, mixing his juices with hers.  Now completely spent, he withdrew and put his head in her lap.  Stroking his hair, she said, smiling, "I told you that there would be a reward for you staying in position."

After a few more tender moments, she told him to lie on his back on the floor.  When he did, she straddled his face and told him to open his mouth.  When his mouth was open, she parted her labia and released the mixture of semen and creamy juices from within her vagina into his mouth.  Then she had him lick her clean.

Jenny observed all this with rapt fascination and arousal.  Jenny had taught other women about disciplining males, but today she learned an immense amount from Melissa.

After Melissa left, Jenny took him to the bedroom where they spent the remainder of the afternoon in a passionate repast of sexual pleasure.

-----
I hope you enjoyed this story. I enjoyed writing it. This work is copyright by the author.  Commercial use is prohibited without permission.  Archiving and reposting of this story unmodified is permitted provided that no fee is charged, either directly or indirectly (including so-called "adult checks") and provided that this disclaimer and attribution to the original author (rick_oh at email.com) are maintained.  My other stories can be seen at http://www.asstr.org/~rick_oh/
