Welcome Home - Part 3  (Parts 1 and 2 are in Directory #73)

Written by: am101 - email:  am1013093@uid.onemain.com

ADULT MATERIAL - If you are 18 or under, this story is not for your eyes.

(M/+F, FF, MF, inc, oral)

May and I walked arm in arm back to the house, drying our bodies from the swim we had just enjoyed. The swim was nice but short whereas the love making was extraordinary and we both were still glowing a little. We relished the experience; she had my hot dog, and I entered her buns. We had both moaned, spasmed, gushed, and loved together in the pool like two frogs in a pond in the spring. We both missed her five-minute-younger twin 18 year old sister who was off to a piano lesson.

Earlier in the day, I had sex with my girlfriend, at the same time her girlfriend, Maggie, had sex with her brother, and then I licked his cock clean a first time ever activity for me. But all that was after we each had an oral appetizer for the girls.
 
I also made a promise that I must keep later today, and although I am surprised I made the arrangement, I am really anxious to experience it.
 
As May and I giggled our way near the house, I could see May's Mom in the kitchen. I wonder if she saw us copulating in the pool. Is she mad? Did she bring herself off watching as we obviously had shatteringly large climaxes?

We will soon find out.

"May - your Mom may have caught us, so let me do the talking." I said softly.

"No it is my responsibility and I will settle her down." May is talking like an adult now. She stops and says to me, "You may have to make love to her, because if she did see us screwing she gets horny. When she sees necking on the TV, she wants to bring herself off."

Wow! I haven't touched Ginny since we divorced. It was an angry time for us both, but we have tolerated one another since she came back to her home, and settled in making her life a productive and I hope happy one with her kids. I don't know about making love to her again.

Ginny is beautiful with a model's figure, wonderful legs so shapely and kissable, and she knows how to fuck. I'll play it by groin and see what happens. Goodness this has been a sex filled day. I've gotten more nooky today than in the last month.

May and I pulled on our clothes. May wraps herself in just a robe and me I don my shorts and a Tee.

We walk in the door and Ginny looks at our wet hair and disheveled appearance, and says, "Did you two just fuck?"

"Mom!" May hissed. "We just took a swim."

"I noticed you were lovey dovey by the spa jets. It seemed to me you two were joined at the hips, and bringing each other off with great passion. Am I wrong?"

I interjected, "May and I were in a teacher - pupil role. Perhaps the ladies will explain themselves later to you."

"Listen Mr. I know screwing when I see it. And you were teaching my daughter the finer principles of screwing so don't deny it. Now I want you to come with me while I have a swim after my sucky job experiences today. Get your clothes off, and waggle your depleted cock and the rest of your body into that pool."

She is now shedding her clothes and is down to her bra and panties.

She wiggles and her panties are on the floor, and she pats her pussy and strokes it as if it has some lint or something on it. Next the bra is unhooked, and her lovely breasts pop out with nipples that are really hard. Ginny puts her hands under her boobs and hefts them invitingly.

May gasps at her mother's behavior, and smiles at me. "You are one lucky dude, Bert."

I shed my clothes, and grab Ginny's hand almost dragging her out the door. We cross the patio to the shower. And I turn on just the cold, and Ginny shrieks at the shock.

I pull her to me, so close my cock is resting on her Mons, her nipples are carving holes into my chest, and we look into each other's eyes.

"You have been raping my daughters haven't you? Bastard!"

"Yes and they loved it," I said, pulling her to the pool and shoving her in the deep end.

I dove in under her and marveled as I looked up to see her trim body against the light of the blue sky. She is hairless below her neck, and her pussy lips are slightly open so I can see her inner flesh puffing out of her crease.

I surface and swim away from her, but she chases me. She is a good swimmer and catches and pulls me under. She holds me there and then pulls me up by my hair, what is left of it.

I gasp, and she says, "You are a randy devil, screwing my daughters just moments after their 18th birthday."

"I hadn't given them their presents yet, and today was so warm and sunny, I thought how better to celebrate the momentous occasion." I am grinning ear to ear, and she is smiling a little now.

"Do they fuck well?" she whispers.

Now I am beginning to figure her out, perhaps. She is jealous of my intimacy with the girls, not mad really. Perhaps she wished she could have been there.

"They are pros now," I pull her to me. "I think they are spectacular, affectionate and sexy women. They have so much to learn about making love, and I think I helped them get passed some of their fears. It was an honor to soil them both."

"So you aren't going to tell me details?" She asks.

"No, I want you and them to get naked together, and let them tell you and show you in great detail all about what happened today. There won't be a dry pussy in the room in five minutes." I kiss her.

"You haven't screwed me in five years, and I have to admit I missed your cock and tongue. Will you fuck me inside the house and in my bed this afternoon? I need a hard prick buried in me and I want the wetness of fresh sperm in my pussy. We can't live together anymore, but we can hook together for mutual orgasmic experiences once in a while, right?"

I heard a splash and turned to see May surfacing in the pool. She is naked as usual, and swims to us, and then stands with her breasts just above the water. She is radiant.

"Look at her," I say to May's mother. "What a spectacular body, and just think there is another one just like it, soon to be home, and perhaps joining us here."

May presses her body to us, and looks up at me. "Will you make love to Mom for me? She so needs a hard cock and gentle hands right now. Right Mom?"

"How do you know that?" I ask with a smile.

"I'm not going to say, but I know." She is laughing like a devil that she can be.

"I don't know May. He is a little shy you know." Ginny says seriously.

"Bull shit Mom, you are feeling that cock right now with your eager hands, and I know you haven't had one to play with for at least a month."

She looks and me, "Go ahead feel her pussy and tell me it isn't ripe and ready for you to fill." May is reaching under the water and rubbing her mother's pussy, and she brings my hand to join her.

"Not here darling," Ginny squeaks with two hands and ten fingers  on her pussy poking and strumming her flesh.
 
Suddenly there is another splash, and June surfaces full dressed and beaming with happiness as she swims to us. She slips up my body from behind, and bites my ear gently. "Undress me please?" She whispers.

I turn and pull June's tee shirt over her head, and then unhook her bra and she shucks it onto the side of the pool. I reach for her shorts, and pulled them down, leaving panties that the water has made transparent.

"Look at this naughty girl. See through panties." And I dip under the water and with my teeth pull them off her body.

I surface and June kisses me and says, "Thanks. I love naked freedom made by a man with a big cock. Now what have you been talking about here you wicked perverts?"

May smiles and kisses me, saying "We have been telling Mom about our morning, and I was saving the best for when you joined us."

June looks at me and then her Mom, "Have you told her yet that we are no longer virgins?"

Ginny puts her hands on the girl's shoulders, and says, "No. But I'm not surprised as I know you two girls left with a grown up cock, wouldn't stay virgins long. But we have decided that I'm going to screw this guy's brains out. So let's all go inside, and he and I will go upstairs to my big bed where he can show me how he took your maidenhood."

We swim to the stairs and walk out of the water each looking the others over and admiring the body parts and skin. My cock was running pre-cum juices in the water, but now it is rock hard, and pointing our way to that big bed.
 
May and June are talking in the kitchen, they are giggling. "You are kidding," June says.

"Look for yourself,"  May states, and June slips to her knees in front of May's open legs. June spreads May's pussy lips and clamps her mouth on the vagina in front of her. She slurps, and pulls away, "You lucky duck, real warm sperm and inside too."

Ginny and I look at each other and smile then we climb the stairs to her bedroom bath where we both shower the chlorine from our bodies. We soap each other and rub sort of reliving our randy married days, as we kiss and suck nipples and hug with passion.

Ginny is a model as I've said before. Her boobs are real; her nipples are dark and long and her areoles are pink and wonderfully bumpy. She has no stomach and her Mons is shaved, smooth and the bottom flairs into a magnificent pussy crease so delicious looking it is hard not to automatically fall to one's knees to kiss and lick it.

I am soaping her bottom, and slip my hand deep into the valley between her cheeks.  She is smooth at the bottom and I soap to her rosebud. I push a little as I pass over it, and my slippery finger slips inside almost accidentally. She closes her sphincter on my knuckle and gasps.

She looks down surprised, and smiles. I pull the finger a little, and then slowly push it in again this time to the second knuckle. She kisses me, and says, "This is different."

I pull my finger and soap it some more, and put it back inside her but this time all the way inside. She shutters and I wiggle it slightly as I pull it out then back inside several times. She spreads her legs and gives me better access.

She is now breathing heavily.
 
"Are you going to make me cum right now?" She moans.

I whisper to her, "I'm preparing the table for whatever comes."

My fingers are really busy now and she is pulling me to her so our skin is touching from hip to shoulder.

I pull my finger from her backside, and soap two fingers, which then quickly slip inside her deeply. She kisses me and says, "I love it."

I kiss her and pull my fingers away from her, finishing the soap job. She is clean inside and out.

She is now holding my cock, with soapy hands. "I haven't been this close to your prick in years. It seems to have grown in stature and beauty.
 
"You have put many miles on it I guess," she says as she sexily pumps it up and down. "It is beautiful and I can't wait to feel it inside me."

God she is a tease. She is sliding her soapy hands all over it right now and if she continues she'll have an eruption on her hands.

We rinse our soapy bodies, and leave the shower stall. Towels from the rack soak up the moisture and plump up our skin and dry our hair, and we go into the bedroom.

I expected to see the twins in their nighties perhaps, ready to watch us as part of their workshop Saturday. You know the fucking seminar that has been spewing raw data all day. But they weren't there.

The bed however had been made since May and June and I turned this King sized bed into a classroom. There even was a nighty for Mom laid out on the covers. The girls had prepared the coital bed.

Ginny slipped on the nighty. It covered everything, but it showed everything too as it was a light delphinium blue, which darkened her nipples, but draped off the swells and curves and reached just below her hips. She looked beautiful as she does in a gunny sack.

I climbed on the bed and put several pillows behind me and sat. I reached for her, and she settled in my lap with her back to me. Her bottom cheeks were on my thighs and I pulled her to me clasping my arms together under her breasts which sat on top of my forearms.

She said, "Is this a new position?"

"Yes," I whispered. "I can play with all your treasures all night long, make you cum at will, and not have my pistol fire prematurely."

I am cupping her breasts and gently pinching her erect nipples. I kiss her neck. Then one of my hands slips across her tummy and along her sides. I use my fingernails slightly and she sucks in air in reaction.

"Did you really put your cock into my daughters today?" She asks.

"They asked me to help them with some questions they had about sexual activity. They wanted to know how to make love and how love should be made to them. They had some philosophical issues to resolve, and I gave them answers as best I could. I even added information specifically about disease protection and pregnancy protection, and demonstrated inside their astoundingly sexy and beautiful bodies how fucking and sucking can be fun and overwhelmingly enjoyable."

Ginny turned in my lap, and looked deeply into my eyes. "You are a good person, and I know you are telling me the truth because I can see it in your eyes. Did you teach them that trick too?"

"I instructed May, and I figure I'll explain it to June when I next have a chance." I smiled. "There is one thing I did not give instruction to them, as I figure by 18 they are well schooled in fellatio."
 
Ginny reached behind her and found my cock. She put her fingers around it and kneaded it slowly and lovingly.
 
"Are we going to sit here all afternoon while you feel me up and I give you a sausage massage?" Ginny whispered in a husky voice.

I took the hem of her nighty and pulled it up and over her head. She is naked in my lap now, and she turns her body so her legs are either side of my hips, and her pussy lips are kissing and riding up and down my cock as it is pressed against my tummy. Her pussy is wet with a capital W.

She lifts her hips and captures my penis, and she lets it slowly enter her, sliding deeply into her soaking wet cavity. When she has it all inside, she lifts her hips and slides off it. Then she moves her body so she is laying down with her mouth right at the top of my cock.

"Oh, goodie, a shiny prick with my juices and some of yours too. This is my favorite appetizer, next to pure sperm from a cock fountain." She is taking my cock into her mouth and she is licking it and sucking with great talent.

I can feel every movement of her tongue and lips. It is so wonderful. I am building to a crescendo and she has just started. I must admit I have missed her fucking tricks. She has been with some of the best in the porn business, and knows how to elicit electric feelings from a man. She probably is just as talented with women. I want to see that someday.

She is now most of the way down my cock, she never was able to take it all or decided it added nothing to the experience for her or me, and just didn't do it. She slides up and then down, and every time her tongue is so active on the underside of my glans, I am about to explode.

I feel the bed move, and sure enough June and May are now sitting on the bed watching first hand their mother sucking my cock. Ginny comes off the shaft momentarily and smiles at the girls. I thought she was going to tell them to go away, but instead invited them to help her with her task.

They came down to my hips, and kissed my shaft at its base, as Mom took the head in her mouth again. The girls licked the bottom part that Mom didn't swallow, and I am in sensory overload.

Ginny comes up and off again, the girls lick to the tip and May sucks some juice from my slit. Ginny says, "I'm going to have him come in my mouth and I want you girls to lick up and enjoy what I cannot swallow."

With that she captures my stiff as a board cock. She licks under the glans and tickles my balls at the same time. She lifts her eyes to me, and says without speaking, "Now".

I climax with an immense amount of spurting power, and pump Ginny's mouth full to brimming over with my hot semen. It slowly creeps from Ginny's lips and runs down the shaft where May and June lick and suck the cream and giggle at the job at hand. 

I spurt several times, and each time Ginny lets a small amount out for the girls, but keeps and swallows the rest. I am in orgasm heaven, and floating in a sensory cloud.

Finally Ginny lets the cock escape, and both girls fight for the right to first swallow of the shaft. May wins, and then lets June have the shrinking cock until it has lost its ability to stand on its own.

Ginny says, "Better than I remember, and delicious right girls?"

They both nod their heads. June says, "So that is what happened when you climaxed inside the condom? I didn't know you could pump with such power."

May added, "And it feels great without a condom as it sprays inside and warms a pussy." I look askance at May, she has shared her first penis fuck with her sister and I guess that is OK.
 
Ginny says, "Girls, get naked, we have to get this guy hard again, and only warm hard nipples and juicy pussies will do that."

The girls giggled and I helped them out of the few clothes they had on. And soon we were a mass of protoplasm writhing on the bed sucking clits, rubbing bottoms, licking nipples, and kissing with immense passion.

Each of them got off in record time as they were so high from the event just past, they were horny as hell. Clit massage with a wet tongue and two fingers strumming a g-spot did the job wonderfully. I brought Ginny off, she did May, and June was May's treat. All squealed and moaned for five minutes as they climaxed almost simultaneously.

We giggled and talked about what just happened until I was able to recover to the point where I entered Ginny from behind, and we softly and subtly made love as the girls recovered from their climaxes.

I was kneading and pinching Ginny's breasts and rubbing her clit as my cock all shiny with her vagina coital creams slid inside her to her cervix. I was quietly talking to her telling her every movement I made in advance to heighten her experience. 

It is amazing with this physical arrangement that my cock could get so far inside Ginny's love cave. I can feel her inner walls and know that another couple of inches and I will be filling her womb directly with my sperm, making their job of finding an egg to fertilize that much easier.

Not that Ginny has eggs to fertilize anymore. My swimmers are on a losing mission, but they are well trained and will follow orders regardless.

The beautiful twin girls hugged each other, and watched as Ginny and I got into the business of a real passionate and deep lovemaking. She lifted off me and turned around settling down again and wriggling on my shaft while kissing me passionately. She said, "I want to see your face when you cum." I rubbed her back, and held her bottom as she rose on my shaft until I let her go and she took me inside deeply again. It was slow and exciting. This whole business took about 15 minutes of pure sexual pleasure.

I pulled her up, and lay her on her back, and I went down on her to lick her clit for a quick climax before filling her with my sperm. I needed time to make a new batch after all. 

"I want to make you cum with my mouth Ginny. We have an audience that would enjoy it, and I want to taste you again, you are so delicious and beautiful."

I licked and sucked, and watched her eyes because she was telling me how close she was to cuming. When she convulsed into this orally produced orgasm, I said, "Here I come baby, I want to feel you squeeze me while you cum and I am not." I pressed her clit with my hand and entered her vagina with my now rock hard cock.

"Oh my you are so sexy, pulling at me Ginny." I feel her inner walls sucking me inside as she convulses with this small but satisfying orgasm.

We moved as though we had just done this recently. As we moved we excited the other so much, we were in orgasm in five minutes.

The combination of her daughters watching us, her just completed clitoral climax, and my cock that was ready to spurt, were the tickets that once all punched gave us a deep ride to the mountain top and over the cliff to the orgasmic place you can enter only when all the wheels are in proper alignment.

We moaned together. We hugged and wriggled together. We kissed. We took breaths at the same time. All as we floated down from the high we had just experienced.
 
And in the end we opened our eyes and knew each was totally satisfied with the magnificent sexual pleasures that just took place. It was very loving, deep, and creative; all the necessary elements needed to make a good coital event.
 
I rolled to the side, and kept one leg over Ginny's leg. I massaged her breast softly as she rested, and then moved to her nipple for some more infantile sucking. 

I love nipples and breasts that have made milk. I lick hers envying the twins who had fed at these beautiful teardrops. I teased her nipple with my tongue until she giggled and said, "Hey I'm sensitive here."

I switched to the other nipple and continued, not to be denied a male's right to suck the nipples of the woman whose pussy he has just filled with sperm.

Women also have that right when they make love to each other. And I am going to suck on the most wonderful appendages a woman has. I often wondered what motivated the creation of plump breasts and hard nipples. Pure genius whoever thought it up.
 
Women's breasts and nipples are life giving and endless pleasure. There is little else in this world that can make that claim. Well maybe my cock.....

I decide to head to the toilet, and relieve some pressure. The girls are now hugging their mother, and she is talking softly to them.
 
When I came back to the bedroom, the twin daughters are dressed again, and Mom has put on pants and a blouse. She had no bra though as the nipples I had just plumped up were denting the shirt and gave my cock a stir as I spied them.

The girls came over and hugged me, saying that I was the best ex-step-dad any girl could ever have. They particularly thanked me for giving their Mom some loving she really needed.

I looked at Ginny and without having to say a thing, she thanked me with her eyes, and I said I would be back soon.

"You girls continue to talk to your mother. She has a good heart, knows more than you can imagine about life, and she will always be right here for you. Also remember what we discussed. What happened here today, is for us to know, us to lovingly remember, and is no one else's business.
 
"My Mom told me years ago, that every best friend has a best friend. So be very careful. I love you all, and thank you for what you shared with me today. It is very special."

I left and turned on my cell phone which instantly jingled with text and voice messages. The most important call was to confirm my appointment later today.


End of Welcome Home - Part III   -  Parts I and II are in Directory #73 - Part IV is in the works.

If you loved the story, let me know. If you hated it, tell me why.

(C) 2012 Copyright and Written by: am101 : email: am101093@uid.onemain.com.
