Kim in Japan
by Blubbub

- Prologue -

Kim had done it.
She had finally traveled to Japan.
But the Corona time began as soon as she arrived and suddenly Kim was trapped in the country.

Nevertheless, she tried to use as much of her time as possible.
Her local guide and interpreter, Shin, took her through the streets of Nabusaka and showed her some sights. Shin inconspicuously used every situation to gaze at her.

Kim had a handsome body, of pleasant proportions, and at 1.58, she was the perfect size for Japanese men.

One morning, however, Kim felt an uncomfortable burning sensation on her labia. At first she hoped that it would go away on its own, but after a few days the burning did not geh better.

So Kim looked for a doctor on the Internet and chose the closest one.
She asked Shin if he could go to the doctor's reception as an interpreter.

When she gave Shin the name of the practice, Shin could hardly believe it.

Kim hadn't chosen a normal doctor. The doctor she has chosen is cheap and easy to contact.

What she probably did't know, however, was that there are no individual conversations there as usual, but always around up too three people in the treatment room and examined by the doctor.
Fortunately for Shin, also not gender separated. There is no reception room, too.
The patients are called directly from the waiting room.

Even if he didn't know anything about her suffering at this point, Shin could guess a lot through the way she evaded the question of her complaints.

He also offered to make an appointment for her with the doctor, which Kim accepted gratefully.

The next day at 8:00 am she had an appointment straight away.
Kim was happy that the appointment was so early because she would be back quickly.
At this point she had no idea how long the visit would really last and what whould happen in the end.


Kim in Japan -Part 1

The next day the time had come.
Kim arrived at the doctor's office shortly before eight.

Her guide, Shin, is waiting for her.
He greeted her warmly and asked how she was doing.
They talked briefly and then entered Dr. Hizugas Door
She took her protective mask out of her purse and was shocked when she saw her vibrator.

She had bought it a few days ago rather for fun, as a souvenier and unpacked it on the way home but haven't gotten to use it yet.
It was pink and about three centimeters in diameter
At the beginning it was shaped like a penis , but then continued with a ribbed pattern and then with a nub.
It had several vibration settings and a self-moving function.
In addition, it was, typically Japanese, equipped with various LEDs.

She hide it under a few other things and then stepped through the door.

The practice was rudimentary and simple. There was no reception area or anyone to register to.
Only a ticket machine was the beginning of the practice.
Otherwise nobody was to be seen.
The waiting room was empty as well.
Shin, pointed to the machine and said she had to take a ticket.

"Ok, crazy. I don't know it would be like that.",
Kim wondered.

She pressed a button and pulled a ticket with the number 4 on it.

"So I'm not the first at all",
she noticed.

They sit down in the waiting room and wait for the screen on the wall to show their number.
It took a while, then a man came out the door to the examination room and left the office.
Shortly thereafter, the number jumped from three to four.

"Then it's my turn now."

Then it dawned on Kim that Shin will probably have to go into the examining room.
She looked at him and he asked her:
"If it bothers you, I can stay outside. But most doctors in Japan speak little or even no English. So it might be better if I came along as an interpreter."

She shuddered to tell Shin what was wrong with her. But since she probably had no choice, she agreed with Shin if she wanted to keep that itchy and stinging away.

They entered the treatment room together and Kim noticed that they were there, not alone.
The room was about 10mx15m, lit with neon tubes and otherwise sparsely furnished with a few pieces of furniture.
In one corner were two examination tables, about ten feet apart.

In the other corner was a desk where Dr. Hizuga was in the process of examining a patient.
At the entrance, on the wall, there were 5 chairs, two men were already sitting on two.

Shin greeted the gentlemen and Kim followed suit, still amazed at the situation.
They sit on the vacant chairs, Kim put her purse on her lap and whispered to Shin:
"Is it normal here in Japan? That the others are waiting here?"

Shin whispered back:
"Well, you know? The health system is not the best here. The advantage of such practices, is that so you can save many costs. Because of this, patients are treated at the same time in order to save time and money."

Kim was a bit queasy while she waited for her turn to come.
It wasn't long before the patient was welcomed by Dr. Hizuga dealt with a prescription and left the room.
Shortly thereafter, another person entered the room.

Kim waited tense while her hands clutched the armrests of the chair.
Shin, who was sitting next to her, unabashedly used her stare forward and stared deeply into her neckline.
Kim wore a gray top that you can button at the neckline.
The top two buttons, however, were open so that Shin had a clear view of her bra.
At some point he broke away from the sight and let his gaze wander further over her body.
She wore tight-fitting, dark leggings and simple sneakers.

Time passed and again and again someone new came after someone else had finished the examination.

Then the time came.
Her number was called from Dr. Hizuga, who sitting at his table.

Kim got up, nervously Shin did the same.
He got up from his chair, walk next to her and stopped next to Kim as she sat on the chair in front of the desk.
She put her handbag down beside her.

Dr. Hizuga sorted some papers, saying something in Japanese without looking up that Kim couldn't understand. She understood a little Japanese.
But just a few very simple words.

She looked questioningly at Shin.
"Why are you here?" He asks. He translated.

"Do you speak English?" Kim asked hopefully.

This time, Dr. Hizuga looking at Shin.
He translated the English into Japanese and when he got the answer in Japanese he translated back:
"No, he doesn't speak English. You must tell me what is wrong with you and I will translate it. "

In the meantime, Dr. Hizuga addressed some forms and placed them on the table in front of Kim, with a pen next to them.

Dr. Hizuga said something, Shin translate:

"You have to sign that. It concerns the costs and legal matters in the treatment."

Dr. Hizuga said something again, which Shin translated again:

"The treatment will probably cost 20,000 yen. That's around 150 $."

"But he doesn't even know what I have?"

"That's not important. It's a flat rate. Like I said, it's cheap here."

So Kim signed the forms, 2 in Japanese, 3 in English.
Dr. Hizuga took the papers and asked again why she was here.
Shin translated it for her and waited for her answer.

Kim went red in the face and swallowed loudly once.
"So tell him ... for a couple of days ... my itches and burns ... um, I mean, I feel an itchy feeling down there."
Kim pointed between her legs.

Shin tried not to show his joy.
He translated, waited for Dr. Hizuga and then said:

"He wants to know exactly what it's about.
You should describe the symptoms in more detail. "

Oh god Kim thought to himself. She almost sank into the ground.

"It's ... I feel a strong stinging and itching on my ... labia and my ... my clitoris is burning badly too."

Shin translated and Dr. Hizuga listened, said something that Shin would translate again.

"You should your ..."
This time Shin swallowed.
Kim thought because he was embarrassed too, in truth Shin had to hold back his excitement.

"You should free yourself up your waist. He wants to ... examine your ... breasts."

Kim was a little puzzled. Her worst fears were actually that she would have Shin her vagina.
She didn't understand what the doctor wanted from her breasts and asked Shin if that was necessary.

Dr. Hizuga was accompanied by hectic hand movements.

"He says: Yes, it is necessary because he wants to rule out lumps or other causes in your breasts. You should also hurry."

Kim didn't want to. The situation struck her as weird anyway.
She shook her head vigorously and said:
"No, definitely not. I'm not undressing in front of everyone. Especially not if I don't understand why. Then I'd better go again!"

Shin started translating again, waiting for Dr. Hizuga, who was typing on the forms as he spoke. For the first time, Shin asked a question that Dr. Hizuga answered briefly.

"Dr. Hizuga says you can of course cancel the examination and the treatment. But for this he would charge you a fine of 1.5 million yen. That is about ... 12,000$. That's written in the papers you signed." have."

Kim was stunned. You want to ask her 12,000 dollar if she goes now.
The 150 dollar would have hurt her.
12,000 dollar were completely beyond their possibility.

"Can I at least change my clothes somewhere?" She asked.

Shin translated Dr. Hizuga's answer.
"No, there's only this room, says Dr. Hizuga."


Both waited for their decision.
She struggled with herself but it seemed like she was losing control of her hands. Almost motorically, her hands moved to her hips and grabbed her top left and right.
Her arms crossed when undressing and she was sitting in the full room in her bra.

Dr. Hizuga gestured impatiently to continue and she continued by opening the lock on her back and then covering her breasts with one hand each while she pushed the straps off her shoulders with the other hand.

Dr. Hizuga motioned for her to put her clothes on the table in front of him.
With her hand over her breasts, she leaned forward and laid her clothes on the table.

He got up, pulled on a pair of protective gloves, and walked over to her.
He spoke to Shin.
"He wants you to get up and sit on the desk here.
Besides, you shouldn't cover your breasts."

Dr. Hizuga helped her get up and directed her to the desk. She sat on the edge of the table with her legs dangling.

Her hands wanted to cover her again, but Dr. Hizuga slapped her hands gently but firmly away.
Now, for the first time, Shin had an unobstructed view of her breasts.
She had well-formed breasts and little cute nipples that peeked out shyly.

Shin translated for Dr. Hizuga:
"You should cross your hands behind your head."

Kim did as she was told and crossed her arms behind her head. This made her breasts stand out even further from her.

He didn't quite agree, so he straightened her arms at an even larger angle, almost 180 °, which gave her an even more handsome picture.
He started by kneading both of her breasts at once, then he let them slap against each other, then he began to pinch and pull in their tender meat.

Kim grimaced in pain, but she bravely tried to face the examination.
As he fondled her breasts, he asked her more questions in Japanese


Then Kim realized again that she wasn't the only one in the room.

"Are you having trouble urinating?" Asked Shin.

At first she wondered what had to do with him. Then she noticed that Dr. Hizuga must have asked that.

"Not really in the last few days."

"He asks if you have already been to the bathroom today?

Kim was about to start answering when Dr. Hizuga got her two nipples between thumb and forefinger and began to squeeze and twirl them lightly.

"Toaaa! Today ... not yet."
Shin translated and Dr. Hizuga mumbled something to herself and squeezed harder and let her breasts open and bounce asynchronously.
He said something again, this time to Shin again.

Kim felt weird the way the doctor now approaches Shin directly about everything.

"He asks if you have had sexual contact lately?"

Meanwhile, Dr. Hit Hizuga Kim's breasts against each other again. But he was still holding her nipple tightly between his thumb and his forefinger.

"No, not recently ...",

Then he began to pull on her nipple, first gently, but then with such force that her body was pulled forward with it.

Again he asked Shin a question without letting go of her breasts.

"He asks if you use sex toys?"

Shin was still struggling not to show his joy.

"No, not really," she replied, embarrassed.
Kim must have subconsciously glanced at her bag by the chair when she gave Shin the answer for Dr. Hizuga gave.

In any case, they both noticed her look and Dr. Hizuga again asked Shin several questions.

Meanwhile he was just about to test her elasticity by repeatedly lifting her breasts by her nipples and then letting them fall.

"Dr. Hizuga asks if you are sure about sex toys?
He also noticed your look at your handbag.
Could it be that you even have something with you? "

Kim just wanted to get this over with.
She thought if she cooperated she'd get out of here quickly.

"No, I don't use sex toys.
But yes he is right. There's a vibrator in my handbag.
But I never used it.
I bought it here in Japan. "

Shin translated and Dr. Hizuga told Shin to get the bag.

Shin took the bag and Dr. Hizuga gestured for Kim to get up from the table with his hand.
To emphasize his gesture, he pulled her nipples off the table.


He motioned for her to stand next to the desk.
Kim's hands were about to cover each other again when Dr. Hizuga slapped her hands away and directed her arms behind her head. With his feet he already spreads her legs a little.

So he let her stand and turned to her handbag.
Shin gave it to him, and Dr. Hizuga inspected the outside of the bag with interest.

To Kim's horror, he suddenly poured the entire contents of the handbag onto the table.

Some items came to light when Dr. Hizuga held the bag upside down and shook it.
A couple of bobby pins, a bunch of keys, her pack of pills, an emergency tampon, her deodorant roller, a travel toothbrush and toothpaste, a disinfectant, a pack of pain relievers, and a pack of chewing gum landed on the table.
And innocently Kim's pink vibrator landed on the pile.

He took it in his hand and held it up to the light, examining it. Then he put in something apart from the other things.

Kim stood there with her arms crossed behind her head and watched Dr. Hizuga rummaged through her things.

After a while he motioned for Shin to come with him.
He said something to him and pointed to Kim's leggings.

"Dr. Hizuga wants to examine your vagina. Take off your pants and underwear!"

"Can I take my top again?"

Shin translated:
"No, not yet! He hasn't finished his breast exam yet."

Kim hesitated. She was standing in the middle of the room, lit by the neon tubes, and three other people were now sitting in the chairs right in front of her, waiting for their treatment.

Her hands slowly moved to her waistband and slowly let her leggings slide over her cheeks and down.
Before she knew it, she was standing in front of all the people in her underpants.
But Dr. Hizuga asked for more.
Which he made clear again by several light slaps on her bottom.

So she took courage and spread the last piece of intimate tissue from her body and then bent down.
Dr. Hizuga took her things again and put them next to her pile of clothes.

Except for her protective mask, she stood completely naked in the treatment room and Dr. Hizuga indicated the treatment table.

Nervous left ef she approached the couches while Shin followed her and Dr. Hizuga set up a few things.

He put a bowl with some utensils on the first bunk and made her sit down on it.

Kim hopped on the couch and was again aware of the many looks that were directed at her.

"You should lie on your back and bend your legs."

Dr. Hizuga helped her and pushed her down gently but firmly.
He pulled her legs up, bent them, and then spread them outward.
He grabbed her hands and gestured to hold onto her legs.
She did the same and he began to examine her.
First he spread her outer labia with his left hand and then felt her clitoris with his right hand and ran his fingers several times over her labia.
Then he took his two thumbs, placed them on her outer labia, and spread her vagina so that he had a good look inside her.

He dipped his finger into a small bowl of water.

Dr. Hizuga said something to Shin again, but it wasn't a question, he explained what he was doing.
"Since I want to take a smear later, I only use water as a lubricant at first."

Then he began to run his gloved finger, which was moistened with water droplets, along her labia.

One or two more times he dipped his finger into the bowl of water and then inserted it into her vagina.

Kim was startled when the cold, wet finger penetrated her. She inhaled sharply, and felt his finger dig around inside her.

Dr. Hizuga looked at Shin and asked him something.

"How old were you when you first had sex, does he want to know?"

What else did they want to know from her, she thought to herself.

In the meantime, Dr. Hizuga removed his finger down to the fingertip, only to sink it lengthwise into her again.

Again she was about to answer when she couldn't breathe.
"I was ... Uuuuh."
She gathered:
"14, I was 14."

"Pretty young," said the doctor.
Shin agreed with him.

Dr. Hizuga pricked her finger a few more times. Turned his finger here.
Then he let it ride along the vaginal wall.
Every now and then he removed it completely, causing her vagina to respond with a soft pop
Kim tried to distract herself, but gradually felt her excitement rise.
"That can't be! Not here, in such a situation!".
She tried to convince herself.
She became aware of the looks of the other four waiting again.

"Wasn't it three, the last time?" Kim wondered.

They all looked openly in their direction and watched the investigation.

.

Then he removed it entirely and reached for a metal speculum.

He also dipped it into the water and then let the outer wings slide up and down her labia.

This spread even more liquid on the device and then slowly introduced it to her.

At first he only pushed it halfway, turned it slightly to the left and right, pulled it almost completely out of her and then sank it into her again.
This time completely.
He turned it 90 degrees and then slowly began to spread the wings.

He took a small flashlight and illuminated its darkest one.

Apparently he was dissatisfied with something as Kim noticed, because he shook his head sullenly.

He took a cotton swab and digged and rubbed it around in her.
He took it out again, examined it and sank it into her again and repeated the procedure.
But this time more energetically and with less care.

He took it out again, checked it, but was apparently still not satisfied with the result.

He tossed it carelessly and said something to Shin as it removed the specculum.
While doing so, he loosened the Areti screw, but still held the handles so that their opening tightened more and more, the more it was removed.

Dr. Hizuga got up and Shin turned to Kim.

"Dr. Hizuga is not yet able to determine anything exactly. He says you are producing too little fluid to be able to take a proper smear. That's why he will prepare for the smear with stimulation therapy."

Kim didn't know what to say. She had now sat up and wanted to cover her breasts with her hands when Shin struck her hands away.
Shin! She was stunned, but she couldn't bring herself to fight back, so she kept her hands on the bed beside her.

Dr. Hizuga said something and pointed to the center of the room.

"He says you should you should come here."
She got up and noticed how unsteady she was on her feet.

She stood in the middle of the room, but no longer dared to cover herself up.

Dr. Hizuga came up to her, holding several cables and clips, as well as a kind of belt.

As the first he buxed her hands behind her head at a 180 ° angle and spread them with his Feet your legs more than shoulder width apart.

As he began to fiddle about, he explained to Shin what he was doing.
But he preferred to listen with interest rather than translate.

"The first thing I do is put this belt on her, the batteries and cables are attached, as is the receiver for remote control."

He put the belt around her waist and clicked the clasp into place.

He took one of the cables with a clip attached to each end.

Dr. Hizuga grabbed her right breast and let the nipple stick out.
She dreaded the pain that was about to come.
She sucked in air sharply through the mask as he snapped the clamp shut over her nipple.

He repeated the procedure on the left nipple and grabbed three more cables, snapping one on each of her labia and one on Kim's clit.

For this he used the two already existing clamps and spread her labia so that she could get to her clitoris unhindered.

Then Dr. Hizuga to Shin

"Half an hour should be enough. In the meantime, I'll continue to treat.

She should sit down again for that long. I will oversee the therapy. Just to be on the safe side, take that with you. "

He took a small vibrator from his desk that had a small head and then continued to be handled as a thin stick.
The head was about two inch in diameter and shaped like an egg.

Shin explained what was happening and led her to the chairs.
Everything in her braced itself against it, but Shin continued to lead as if unhindered to the others who were waiting.

The one in the middle of the five chairs stood up and Shin motioned to sit down.
She didn't try to block anyone while she turned and sank into the chair.

Dr. Hizuga called something from his desk and Shin translated.

"Ah, you should hang your legs over the armrests."

Kim was stunned.
"How far will that go?" She thought to herself.

Reluctantly, she lifted her legs and let them hang over the armrests.

Everyone leaned forward and saw how Kim's labia opened slightly and the view into her innermost part for everyone to share.

Then came the first impulse.
Dr. Hizuga must have activated the transmitter because a piercing scream escaped her as several volts ran through Kim's nipples, her labia and through her sensitive clit.

Then the impulses came faster and more frequently, but no longer as strong.
Her breath became a puff, and Shin figured this was the perfect time and started running the vibrator down her labia all the way to her clitoris.
He started on the first of three levels.
If he got hold of the brackets, Kim acknowledged this with a violent gasp.

After all, the tip was right between her labia. He spread some of her juice on it and then inserted the vibrator into her opening.

"Aaaaaahhhh," she exclaimed and she shuddered as a new wave of electricity flowed through her body.
Shin switched to the second level and began to fuck her with the vibrator in rhythmic thrusts.

"The next!" Said Dr. Hizuga while playing with Kim's panties between his fingers.


