Entry tags: 

fic, mummy!fic

The Mummy, part 2/3 
Part 1

"We should be right underneath the statue!" Jared enthuses as Jensen and Chad hack away at the low roof of the chamber with pickaxes. "If my calculations are correct, we'll come up right between his legs."

"Lucky Anubis," Jensen murmurs.

"According to my readings, the book is hidden in a secret compartment. Once those beastly Poms go to sleep, we'll steal the book right from under their noses!" Jared's bouncing on his heels impatiently, so excited his entire body is twitching.

"As long as Singer hasn't found the secret compartment first," Jensen points out.

"I hope not." Jared sighs. "I'd really like to beat him to it. I can't wait to see the look on his face when—"

The roof falls in with a resounding crash, and they all leap out of the way as something lands heavily on the ground, showering them with sand and stones. Jared coughs, waving aside the dust as he climbs to his feet to see what they've found.

"It's a sarcophagus!" Chad says.

"Why would they bury someone in the ceiling?" Jensen asks, confused.

"Not in the ceiling," Jared says, going to examine it. "They buried him beneath the statue. Which means he probably did something really, really bad."

The sarcophagus is huge and black, made of granite, with hieroglyphics carved into the lid and a strange star-shaped hole, about half an inch deep, on the side. Jared traces his fingers over the hieroglyphics, translating them aloud. "'He who shall not be named'," he says quietly.

"Huh," Jensen says. "So, we gonna open it?"

"Of course!" Jared says, tossing Jensen a crowbar. "Get to work." Jensen raises an eyebrow at him, and he winks.

After a few minutes with a crowbar, however, they're not having any luck. Jensen keeps trying, though, while Jared examines every corner for possible levers to open it with.

"It's locked tight," Jensen groans eventually, throwing the crowbar aside and running a hand through his sweaty hair. His formerly white shirt is stained with sweat and dust, and there are smudges of dirt on his face, trails of sweat tracking clear pathways through the grime. He's never looked more desirable in Jared's opinion. Jared watches as Jensen's chest rises and falls with his panting breaths, noticing how shiny and bright his eyes are from the exertion. His face is flushed, his lips parted, and Jared can't help imagining other ways to make Jensen look like this.

"Locked?" Chad asks. "You mean we need to find a fucking key to get inside?"

"A key?" Jared repeats. Something tugs at the corner of his mind, and suddenly it dawns on him. He rushes over to their bags, rummaging inside to find the strange box which had started this whole adventure in the first place. "Here!" he exclaims when he finds it. "The man on the boat who attacked me—he said he wanted the key!" He springs it open, and it's the exact shape of the star-shaped hole on the sarcophagus.

"Excellent," Chad crows, rubbing his hands together in excitement. Jared's about to place the key in the lock when they hear a terrible chorus of shrieks coming from the room above.

"What the fuck?" Jared yells, dropping the key. Jensen immediately goes for his guns, rushing out of the room and back to the chamber above them to find out what's going on. Jared and Chad follow, although what Jared can do without any weapons he's not entirely sure. But there's no way he's leaving Jensen to face whatever threat that is by himself. They reach the chamber in seconds, and Jared is horrified to see several bodies on the ground in front of the statue, their features melted off and the stink of sizzled flesh in the air.

"What the hell?" he hears Jensen ask. Singer and the Brits are standing by looking shocked, and Albie is cringing in the corner. The rest of the diggers have fled.

"Salt acid," Singer says, his voice shaking a little. "Pressurised. It sprayed out when they opened the compartment. Ancient Egyptian booby trap, it seems."

"Oh my God," Jared says quietly, feeling sick.

~

By silent agreement on both sides, there is no more digging that day. They set up camp near the outskirts of the city, not wanting to be particularly close to the site of the day's disaster.

"Maybe this place really is cursed," Chad says morosely, poking at the fire with a stick. He and Jensen share a look, and Jared sighs.

"Oh, come on!" he says, laughing. "You don't really believe in curses, do you?"

"Don't you?" Jensen asks.

"If I can see it or touch it, I believe in it," Jared snaps.

Jensen looks at him for a moment, his face expressionless. "I believe in guns," he says, picking up his shotgun and cocking it. "In being prepared for anything."

Chad huffs. "I believe in this," he says, rummaging in his bag and bringing out a bottle of liquor.

"I gotta agree with you there," Jensen says, amused, and he reaches out to take the bottle after Chad's had a swig. He doesn't get a chance to have a drink, though, because that's when a large group of men on horseback attacks the campsite.

"Stay here!" Jensen yells, throwing a gun at Jared and rushing off towards the attackers.

"Like hell!" Jared shouts back, scrambling to his feet to take off after Jensen. He quickly realizes, however that he would just get in Jensen's way, and he ends up huddled behind a wall, watching Jensen fight off the rider. He's impressed at the way Jensen throws himself into battle, picking off riders with his shotgun. At one point in the fight, he manages to climb onto a pile of rocks, leap up to tackle and drag a rider off his horse, shoot the scimitar out of his hand, and promptly turn around to shoot the man coming up behind him with another scimitar.

All over the camp, battles are taking place between the riders and the diggers. The Brits are in the thick of it, taking out the attackers with what Jared considers to be undue enthusiasm. But he can't fault their skill; the tide of the battle quickly turns against the riders until there are only a few left.

Jared hears someone coming up behind him, and turns quickly to see a tattooed man stalking towards him. He raises his gun instinctively, pulling the trigger, and the blast knocks the man off his feet. It also knocks Jared backwards over the wall and he lands on his back on the sand with a thump. He lies there and tries to catch his breath, listening to the sounds of battle raging around him, and he hears a loud voice saying, "Stop! We will shed no more blood tonight. But you must leave this place or die!"

With that dramatic announcement, the remaining riders gallop off, leaving only the sounds of the wounded. Jared tries to sit up, but his back hurts, and he decides that the sand is really quite nice to lie on, actually. He's still there a few minutes later when Jensen's face suddenly appears in his vision, looking terrified.

"Jared! Are you all right?" he gasps, kneeling down next to him and helping him sit up.

"Yeah, I'm fine, I just got the wind knocked out of me," Jared says, leaning against Jensen's side as he props him up. Jensen's hot, sweaty, still panting from the fight, and Jared breathes in his scent, closing his eyes and letting Jensen support him.

"C'mon, let's get you up," Jensen says gently, helping Jared to his feet and slinging an arm around his waist, taking some of his weight as they make their way back to the campsite.

"Are you okay?" Jared asks, worried by the thin trail of blood on Jensen's face.

"Yeah," Jensen replies, depositing Jared down in front of the fire and sitting next to him. "Just a scratch." But he lets Jared look at it, lets him clean it and hold a cloth to it until the bleeding stops.

"Who were they?" Jared asks.

"No idea," someone says, and Jared looks up to see the Brits on the other side of the fire. He frowns at Jensen, who shrugs.

"Figured we should, uh, team up," the one with the glasses. "I'm Alex. That's James, that's Greg."

Introductions are made quickly, and then the alcohol appears. It seems Chad's not the only one who believes in the power of strong liquor.

"There's got to be a fortune hidden under here," James says with certainty.

"Yeah," Alex agrees. "Why else would they attack us? They're protecting Seti's treasure!"

"No," Jensen says softly, and Jared glances at him. "They're desert people. They don't value gold, they value water. They're protecting something else."

"Huh," Chad says. "Want a drink?"

Jensen accepts the bottle gladly, and he passes it to Jared after he's taken a mouthful. Jared swallows deeply, feeling the liquor burn in his throat and stomach. He swears he can taste Jensen's mouth on the lip of the bottle.

"What is that?" he asks.

~

Whatever it is, it's strong. It doesn't take long before Jared's telling Jensen his life story while Chad snores on the ground next to them. The others have long retreated to their tents, and it's just Jared and Jensen by the fire.

"I don't get you," Jensen says after a while.

"What's there to not get?" Jared asks, confused. He takes another sip of liquor.

Jensen points at Chad. "Him, I get. But you? What are you doing here?"

"My father! He was an explorer. And he looooved Egypt." Jared waves the bottle around. "He loved it so much he married an Egyptian woman! My mother! And she was an adventurer, too."

"Okay," Jensen says slowly. "So now I get your mother and your father, but I still don't get you."

"Hey," Jared snaps, staggering to his feet. "I'm not some kind of treasure hunter like Chad, or a fighter like you, or an explorer like my mother! But I'm proud of what I am!"

"And what is that?" Jensen asks, amused.

"I'm a librarian!" Jared announces, spreading his arms wide and grinning. He falls to his knees in front of Jensen, leaning in so close that he can smell the liquor on his breath. "And now, I'm going to kiss you."

"Um, okay?" Jensen says, tilting his face up to meet Jared's. Their lips meet for the briefest moment before the world spins and turns black.

~

"Oh God, that's a terrible sound," Jared groans as they all push at the lid of the sarcophagus. The key turned easily enough, but the lid is still made of granite, and the sound of grinding stone is like a knife in Jared's skull.

"Not my fault you got so drunk you passed out on me," Jensen says pointedly, and Jared glares at him. He really wishes his memories of the previous evening weren't so stark and clear in his mind; whenever he thinks about almost kissing Jensen, he feels a hot flush of embarrassment inl his belly.

"C'mon, almost there," Chad grunts, and with a final heave, the lid of the sarcophagus falls to the ground with an almighty crash. Jared's vindictively glad to see that he's not the only one who groans in pain and clutches his head.

"What have we here?" Jared says thoughtfully when the dust clears. There's another, smaller coffin inside the granite sarcophagus, and he runs his fingers excitedly over the ancient scripts covering it. "Oh my God, I've been dreaming about this moment since I was a boy!"

"You dream about dead guys?" Jensen asks, and Jared doesn't dignify that with a response. He's brushing dust off the top of the coffin when he notices what's wrong.

"All the sacred spells have been chiselled off," he murmurs, frowning.

"Why would they do that?" Jensen asks.
"The sacred spells are supposed to help the spirit through the afterlife. This man... he didn't have that protection. He was doomed. Cursed."

There's a heavily laden pause, and a chill wind whistles through the chamber, making the hair on the back of Jared's neck stand on end.

"So what now?" Jensen asks.

"Open it," Jared replies. "Cursed? Come on. I told you I don't believe in that sort of thing."

"C'mon, I want to see inside!" Chad agrees eagerly, and Jensen sighs, nods, and puts the key in the lock. There's a hiss of air rushing in, and the lid of the coffin falls open and a twisted, snarling creature lunges forward and attacks them.

"Aaaah!" Jared shrieks, and he's not the only one. Chad screams shrilly and flees to the other side of the chamber, and Jensen leaps out of the way with a yell. "Holy crap!" Jensen says after a moment, when it becomes clear that they're not actually under attack.

"I hate when they do that," Jared wheezes, trying to get his heart rate and breathing under control. He glares at the mummy, which had seemed to leap from its coffin towards them.

"Do they normally look like this?" Jensen asks in a strangled voice. Jared leans in for a closer look, taking in the agonized, twisted body, the scream of rage its face is contorted into, and shakes his head.

"No," Jared replies. "I've never seen a mummy that looks like this. He's, well, he's still..." He pauses.

"Juicy," Chad and Jensen say together.

"Exactly," Jared agrees. "He's over four thousand years old and still decomposing! I don't understand!"

"Look at the lid," Jensen says, pointing at the scratch marks. He holds his fingers up against them, and Jared shudders. "Fingernail marks," Jensen confirms.

"He must have been buried alive," Jared says softly. "And look, he's left a message." The symbols are hard to read, but Jared's not a trained Egyptologist for nothing. "'Death is only the beginning'," he translates.

"Huh," Jensen says thoughtfully, and picks up his gun, making sure it's loaded.

"What are you going to do with that?" Chad asks scornfully. "Shoot him?"

"If he wakes up, then yes," Jensen says, and Jared can't quite bring himself to laugh at that.

~

"Look at what we found!" Alex says excitedly as dinner is cooking on the campfire. He and the other two are all carrying jars, beautifully painted and inlaid with jewels. Jared recognizes them as canopic jars, and he wonders if the original contents are still inside. He notices Singer sitting not far away with a jar of his own, and Jared's stomach clenches when he sees the large black book that Singer is holding.

"He found it," he says quietly to Jensen while Chad is admiring the jars, and Jensen glances over at Singer.

"Sorry," he murmurs.

"I'll get over it," Jared sighs. "In the meantime, I did some research on that mummy we found. And I found these in the coffin!" He reaches into his bag and pulls out the scarab skeletons he'd discovered.

"Bugs?" Jensen asks, poking one.

"Scarabs. They're flesh eaters. They can survive for years off the flesh of a corpse. Someone had thrown them in the coffin with him! I hate to think what this guy did to deserve it."

"Do they have some kind of meaning?"

"The Hom Dai," Jared says softly. "The worst of the ancient Egyptian curses. I've never actually heard of it being performed. Apparently, they only did it to the most evil of people, and if he should ever arise, he would bring the ten plagues of Egypt!"

"Wow," Jensen says.

"Let's not let him arise," Chad adds.

"Wasn't planning on it," Jared says. He gets to his feet, and Jensen looks up at him quizzically. "Can I have a word?" Jared asks.

"Sure," Jensen says, and follows Jared through the ruins until they can't see the campsite. Jared's been feeling twitchy all day, the memory of the almost-kiss from the night before strong in his mind and he's dying to get his hands on Jensen. He knows for sure it's not a one-sided deal—he's seen Jensen eyeing him all day, and there was an undeniable spark between them, the air almost crackling whenever they inadvertently touched.

"What's up?" Jensen asks, coming to stand in front of Jared. Jared looks at him from under his lashes, biting his lip a little and wondering what to say.

"I, um. I wanted to talk about last night," he says nervously, running a hand through his hair. He really kind of hates how shy he can be sometimes— especially in the face of incredibly hot, incredibly amazing guys he wants to kiss.

"The kiss?" Jensen asks, his lips quirking up in a smile.

"Or the lack thereof," Jared points out.

"Yeah, that. Were you wanting to pick up where we left off?"

Jared blinks at him. "Actually, yeah." He was planning on saying more, but he's interrupted when Jensen pushes him hard against a pillar and slides his thumbs over Jared's cheeks.

"Good," Jensen says softly, so close to Jared's face that he can feel the puff of air when Jensen breathes out. "Driving me mad, Jared. Absolutely nuts."

"Speak for yourself," Jared replies, resting his hands on Jensen's hips and pulling him close so their bodies slide together. Jensen presses his mouth gently against Jared's, firm and warm. Jared responds eagerly. He closes his eyes and fits his lips over Jensen's, parting them slightly and enjoying Jensen's hum of approval. They kiss softly for long minutes, sharing breath and warmth, and Jared runs his hands up Jensen's back, feeling the smooth muscles under his shirt shift as Jensen does the same to him.

Jensen feels so damned good, his body firm and his mouth slick and hot. Jared opens his mouth a little and moans when Jensen takes the opportunity to slip his tongue inside, curling it around Jared's and stroking gently. Everything suddenly becomes more urgent; Jared clamps his hands over Jensen's ass, kneading the firm muscle and yanking him close. He spreads his legs to let Jensen in between them, their erections rubbing together through their pants.

"Wait," Jensen gasps, pulling away and catching his breath. "Not here."

"Not here? Why?" Jared asks plaintively, trying to steal another kiss.

"Wait until we get back to Cairo?" Jensen suggests. "I'd really like to have you in a bed in a room with a door that locks. Not against a pillar in the City of the Dead with a large crowd of people not thirty feet away." He licks Jared's neck, and Jared shivers.

"Fair enough," he sighs, but he doesn't let Jensen go until he's had another kiss.

On the way back to the campsite, they pass Singer. Jared notices that he's asleep, the canopic jar clutched in one hand and the large book lying next to him. "Wait," Jared says softly and glances around to check that everyone else is asleep. He's relieved to see that it's just him and Jensen who are still awake, and he creeps over to Singer, kneeling down and slowly picking up the book. Singer doesn't wake up, just snorts and rolls over, and Jared hurries away with it, Jensen following him.

"That's stealing," Jensen says, disapproving.

"According to Chad, it's borrowing," Jared says, and he sits down by the fire with the book in his lap. It's heavy and black with a familiar star-shaped design cut into the cover, and by the looks of it, Singer hadn't been able to get it open.

"That's not the golden book, is it?" Jensen asks.

"Obviously not," Jared says, reading the hieroglyphics on the cover. "I think this is the Black Book of the Dead."

"What an auspicious title," Jensen says wryly, and Jared grins at him, pulling the key out of his pocket. He fits it into the lock and turns it, feeling the lock click open under his fingers. The pages are made of what appear to be sheets of metal, and Jared peers at the words in front of him.

"You're not going to read it, are you?" Jensen says, looking worried.

"Oh, come on," Jared says, distracted. "No harm ever came from reading a book. Here, this passage—it talks about the night and the day." He starts reading it aloud, the syllables unfamiliar and heavy on his tongue, and he swears he hears a faint rustling sound as he speak, far-off voices crying out.

"No!" Singer yells, and Jared stops, suddenly scared. "You must not read from the Book!"

"Oh, crap," Jensen murmurs, and the entire campsite starts to awaken as a rushing wind whistles around them, carrying with it a high-pitched whine from far away. Jared stands, clutching the book, and Jensen and Chad fumble for weapons as they watch a shadow approach from the distance, coming over the sand dunes with great speed.

"What the hell is that?" Jared murmurs.

"Run!" Jensen yells, grabbing Jared's sleeve and tugging him towards the entrance to the underground tunnels. The shadow comes closer, and Jared realizes it's made up of millions of locusts, shrieking and chittering as they start to engulf the campsite. The three of them only just make it into the tunnels before the swarm hits, and they flee down into the labyrinth, picking locusts out of their hair.

"Oh my God," Jared wheezes, when they stop for a moment. Jensen's somehow managed to find a torch to light the way, and Jared's relieved to see the tunnel is blessedly free of locusts.

"What the hell?" Chad moans. "Locusts? What's going on?"

"I think I might have done something a bit stupid," Jared confesses. He's about to spill the entire story to Chad when they hear a chittering, rushing noise, much like the one they had heard when they first entered the tunnels the day before yesterday. But this time it's getting louder and not dying away, and Jared suddenly notices a small mound of sand forming in the middle of the tunnel, getting higher and higher as the noise gets louder. He backs away, Jensen and Chad doing the same, and then the top of the mound bursts open and giant black beetles scurry out, hissing as they go.

"Scarabs!" Jared yells, and they run, the scarabs close behind them. He hears Jensen shooting at the swarm, but it does no good. They come to a large cavern, the path leading across what looks like a chasm, and Jared instinctively leaps across the gap, landing in a small grotto against the wall. He looks back to see Jensen and Chad have done similar things, and he watches in horror as the swarm of scarabs covers one of the diggers who doesn't leave the path in time. It's over very quickly; he shrieks, completely covered in scarabs, and then they move on, leaving a shrivelled corpse in their wake.

"Are they gone?" Chad asks.

"I think so," Jared replies, leaning back against the wall in relief. That's when the wall moves, a small opening appearing, and he falls through it, landing on his back in the dark.

~

Jared sits up, shaking sand out of his hair. He has no idea where he is; it's almost completely dark in here, and he gets to his feet, trying and failing to find the hole he fell through.

"Great," he mutters, setting off down the corridor. He comes to a large room and is immensely relieved to find Alex standing in the middle of it. At least he's not alone down here.

"Hey, Alex, are you okay?" he asks, going up to him and touching him on the shoulder. Alex turns, and Jared recoils; his eyes have been torn out.

"El ee," Alex groans, and Jared is horrified to realize his tongue has been ripped out as well.

"Shit, come on, buddy," Jared says, taking his arm. "We'll find our way out together." He turns towards what looks like the exit and sees the mummy standing right in front of him.

"Aaah!" he yells, dropping Alex's arm and backing away. The mummy looks at him, completely ignoring Alex, and approaches slowly, following Jared until he's backed up against the wall and can't go any further.

"Oh God, help me," Jared murmurs. "Alex? Help me, please!" But Alex is useless, moaning unintelligibly about his eyes and tongue, and Jared's all by himself.

"Kadeesh pharos Anck-su-namun!" the monster says, and Jared recoils; it's got fresh eyes and a tongue, and he suddenly realizes what happened to Alex. That's when Jensen turns up, grabbing him by the arm and yanking him away.

"Come on, Jared!" he yells. "We gotta—holy shit!" They back away from the monster, which opens its mouth and roars at them, the noise echoing through the chamber and filling Jared with dread. Jensen shrieks back, opening fire, and the creature falls back as the bullets rip its chest open. Jared doesn't look back as Jensen drags him out of the tunnel and into the cool night air.

They're confronted by a large group of people in black robes and tattooed faces, scimitars at their belts and serious expressions. Jared recognizes them as the men who attacked them the night before and wonders whether they've jumped out of the frying pan and into the fire. Kneeling on the sand in front of them are Chad, James, Greg, and Singer, all of them looking terrified. The man who is obviously in charge steps forward.

"We told you to leave," he says, his piercing blue eyes fixing on Jared. "We told you to leave, and instead, you awoke the creature that we have feared for over four thousand years! You may have killed us all!"

"Don't worry," Jensen says breezily, "I got him." He brandishes his gun and smirks, but the guy does not seem impressed.

"You fool! No mortal weapon can kill this creature! He is not of this world!" He gestures to the men behind him, and two of them step forward, carrying Alex between them. They dump him on the ground, and he groans, gurgling out incomprehensible words.

"What did you do to him?" James yells.

"We saved his life," the man says. "The creature was unable to finish his work. You must all leave immediately before he kills you all. We will remain behind to try to destroy him."

"I told you," Jensen growls. "I told you, I got him!"

The man glares. "You do not understand. This creature will not eat, will not sleep, until he has consummated the curse. He will be coming for you, and he will never stop. Now go!"

~

Jared's feeling seriously crappy by the time they get back to Cairo. He supposes that accidentally raising a mummy from the dead will do that to you, and he feels like he should take some responsibility for sending him back to the dead.

"No, you shouldn't," Jensen snaps, grabbing the pile of books off of Jared and putting them back into his suitcase. "You are getting the hell out of Egypt! Let those guys from the desert handle this!"

"No, I'm staying here! I have to do something to help!" Jared replies, taking them out again and putting them back on the shelf.

"I thought you didn't believe in this stuff!" Jensen tries, fighting briefly with Jared over a pair of pants before he yanks them away from Jared's hands and shoves them back in a drawer.

"I changed my mind! I saw a mummy come to life!"

"Forget it," Jensen snarls, going to the closet and pulling out all of Jared's clothes. He drops them in the suitcase, and Jared slams the lid shut, jamming Jensen's fingers. "Ow, fuck!" he yelps, sucking them into his mouth.

"It's our fault, Jensen! So it's our responsibility to fix it!"

"Our fault?" Jensen says sarcastically.

"Fine, my fault."

"How do we kill him, then? You heard the scary-looking guy! No mortal weapons!"

"Then we'll just have to find some immortal ones!"

"No way, this is not our problem anymore!"

"Jensen!" Jared yells, so frustrated he could scream. "I read what the Book said about him. He's not going to stop! His curse will spread until the entire world is covered in darkness!"

"And that is my problem why?" Jensen asks.

"It's everybody's problem!"

"I did not sign on for this!" Jensen yells. "I was only supposed to take you out there and bring you back, and that's what I've done, end of contract!"

"Wow," Jared says, stung to the bone. "So that's all I am. A contract."

Jensen doesn't budge. "You can either stay and fight or leave with me. It's up to you."

"Then I'm staying," Jared says stubbornly.

"Fine."

"Fine!"

Jensen storms out the door, slamming it just in time to avoid the book that Jared throws at his head.

"God dammit!" Jared yells, unpacking the small number of things Jensen had managed to shove into his suitcase. He paces around his apartment, so angry he could scream, and it's a long while before he can put thoughts of Jensen out of his head and start looking through his books to try to find any information on how to kill a dead guy.

~

He's on his way to the library to find more resources when he runs into Jensen, accompanied by Chad, James, and Greg. "We saw him!" Jensen yells. "He's here!"

"What, the creature?" Jared asks, a chill running through him.

"Yeah, we got problems," Jensen admits, pointing at the shadow crossing the sun. "Not only that, but he's turned the rivers to blood, and—watch out!" He grabs Jared, shoving him out of the way as a ball of fire crashes into the courtyard.

"This is bad," Jared murmurs, watching the rain of fire as the light fades from the unexpected eclipse. Suddenly, there's a blood-curdling scream from the rooms above them, and Jared and Jensen look at each other briefly before legging it up the stairs.

"Oh, God," Jared gasps, when they enter the room and find what's left of Alex on the floor. His body is twisted and shrunken, looking for all the world like a desiccated corpse that had been left in the desert for a long time.

"That's not the worst of it," Jensen says grimly, and Jared glances at him before following his gaze to the far side of the room where the monster from the desert is contorting itself, twisting and writhing. Jared watches, horrified, as muscles and skin form over its skeletal body, and it shrieks in pain as it regenerates.

"This is really, really bad," Jared moans.

"Tell me about it," Jensen says. The monster looks at him for a moment before turning its attention to Jared, who backs away quickly, happy to let Jensen in front of him to shoot it full of bullets. It doesn't do any good; the creature keeps coming, despite the added firepower from Chad, James, and Greg behind them. Jensen tosses his gun aside and tries to land a punch on the thing, but the creature just laughs, picking Jensen up like he's made of straw and flinging him across the room.

"No!" Jared yells as the others are given the same treatment. The monster looks him in the eye and seems to smile before leaning in like it's about to kiss him. Jared closes his eyes and cringes, but something distracts the creature because it howls, whirling away from Jared in a flurry of sand. It vanishes out the window, and Jared breathes a sigh of relief.

"What the hell happened?" Chad groans from the floor.

"Cat," Jensen says from the other side of the room. "Alex's cat. It hissed at the thing, and it ran away."

"Thank God for that," Jared says. He's never been so relieved in all his life.

~

"Why are we going here again?" Jensen asks as Jared leads the way into the museum.

"Because if anyone knows anything, it's Kripke," Jared says. "He's even more of an Egypt geek than I am." They round the corner, and Jared's shocked to find Mr. Kripke sitting at his desk with the guy from the desert beside him.

"You!" Jared says.

"Yes, Jared, it's us," Kripke sighs, taking off his glasses. "I believe you've already met Misha Krushnic?"

"What's going on?" Jared asks.

"It's a long story." Kripke sighs.

"Summarize," Jensen says in a tone that leaves little room for objection.

"We are part of an ancient sect, the Medjai. For thousands of years, we have kept the secrets of Hamunaptra. It is a sacred mission, passed down through the generations, to guard the City of the Dead. And because of you, we have failed!"

"Failed?" Jared asks.

"The High Priest Imhotep has been released into this world," Krushnic says. "We must do anything in our power to stop him."

"And that's a good enough excuse to kill people?" Jared asks, aghast.

Kripke and Krushnic look at each other. "Yes!" they say in unison.

"Right. Okay," Jensen says, sounding weary. "So why is he scared of cats?"

"They are the guardians of the underworld," Kripke says. "He will fear them until he is fully regenerated. And once that happens, nothing will stop him."

"And you know how he regenerates?" James interrupts. "By killing us! And sucking us dry like he did with Alex!"

"Yes, that is what he will try to do," Krushnic says, fixing his bright blue stare on James. "We must prevent this from occurring."

"Too bloody right, you must," James mumbles, and Greg nods agreement.

"Look, when he saw me in Hamunaptra, he called me Anck-su-namun," Jared says. "And then just before, he tried to kiss me. Anyone know what the hell that is all about?"

Kripke and Krushnic look at each other and frown.

"Guys?" Jared asks.

Kripke purses his lips. "He must have mistaken you for his lover, Anck-su-namun. She was the pharoah's mistress; he loved her and died for it."

"Oh no, you have got to be kidding me," Jared splutters. "I'm not a girl!"

"Coulda fooled me," Chad mutters.

"According to legend, Anck-su-namun was remarkably tall," Kripke says.

"That is not a comfort," Jared snaps. "Not a comfort at all. What does he want to do with me?"

"He'll probably want to use you as a sacrifice to reincarnate the spirit of Anck-su-namun," Krushnic says.

"No one seems too concerned over the fact that this Imhotep has mistaken me for his long-dead girlfriend," Jared says loudly, feeling like everyone is missing the main point here.

"Yes, yes, we know," Kripke says. "Don't get your knickers in a twist."

"Thanks for the support," Jared says, glaring at Jensen, who is looking suspiciously like he is about to burst out laughing.

"It is kinda funny," Chad points out.

"I hate you all," Jared says murderously.

Part 3