Will hoped he hadn’t made a mistake in coming here. He waited patiently, and perhaps a little nervously too. Finally, Beverly let him in. “What can I do for you, Will?”

“I’d like to talk to you.”

Beverly waved a hand in the direction of the furniture. “Have a seat. Can I get you something to drink?”

“No thanks.” He sat down in a chair and pulled out the small box.

“What’s on your mind, Will?”

He held out the box for Beverly to see. Her eyes widened and her mouth formed an ‘oh’. “I think I need a drink,” she stated, getting out of her seat to get one. When she had finished making herself a drink, she grabbed a chair and set it in front of Will. “Are you here to ask my permission?”

“No.”

“Then why come to me?”

“Courtesy. I wanted to make sure you heard from us first and not through the grapevine.”

“Have you already done it then?”

“Not yet, but when I ask, he’ll say yes.”

“Yes, I suppose he will.”

“Beverly, I know you’re not thrilled with the idea, but I do love him.”

“Are you sure about this, Will?”

Will sighed. “You’re not going to convince me that we should wait or that I’m too old for him or anything else.”

“No, it’s not that.”

“Then what?”

“Can you trust him?”

Of all the things he imagined would happen here, that definitely hadn’t been one of them. “What?”

“Think about it. He almost cheated on you. How can you know that you can trust him not to do it again?”

“He won’t do it again.”

“But how can you know?”

“I just do.”

“I’m surprised you’ve even forgiven him.”

“I can forgive teenage hormones combined with a year’s separation.”

“Do you think that’s wise?”

“Look, Wesley and I have already had this conversation. In fact, we’ve had multiple conversations about this, and frankly it’s none of your business. I’ve forgiven him, I trust he won’t do it again, and we’ve moved on.”

“Well then, you have my blessing, Will.” She raised her glass at him and then downed it. Will shook his head and left. He had a feeling Beverly would be getting drunk tonight.

He made his way back to the hotel that he and Wesley were staying at. He hadn’t wanted to spend his time with Wesley at the same hotel that the rest of the crew were staying at. It was completely selfish of him. He hadn’t seen Wesley for a year and he wanted him to himself.

He hid the rings when he got back to the room, and went to the bedroom where Wesley lay awake, waiting for him. He had slipped out when Wesley had been asleep and had left a note that said he wouldn’t be gone for long.

He had apparently been gone for too long though because Wesley was laying on the bed lazily stroking himself, a smirk on his face. Will was quick to rid himself of his own clothes and he joined his soon to be husband on the bed.