The months passed. Autumn turned to winter, and the swiftly cooling nights soon spilled over into the days; making them shorter and colder. With the crops gathered in, the farm workers mostly turned their attention to gathering firewood for the village, going out in groups to collect up fallen branches dislodged by the autumn gales and to cut any dead wood they found. It was brought back to be stored and dried out in a special shed in the centre of the village, where people could collect it as needed.

The hunting parties went out less as the long nights drew in. Instead they took turns to patrol the perimeter of the village once it got dark. It wasn’t unheard of for wolves to sneak into the village if the winter was particularly hard; not to attack the community but simply to pilfer supplies. They couldn’t eat them, but the fur pelts came in useful; especially this time of year.

One morning, Lister awoke to find a severe ground frost had struck in the night. The earth crunched under his feet like breakfast cereal as he made his way to the farm. A cobweb hanging above the barn door glittered like diamond. He found the rest of the guys inside, huddled down amongst the hay and sharing out a pot of hot coffee. Adam was snoring loudly.

Jason shifted along to make room for Lister as he came in; “Here. Have some of this,” he said, passing him some coffee; “You’re shivering.”

“It’s freezing outside,” Lister said, rather unnecessarily. Richard nodded sagely,

“The snow’ll start next couple of weeks or so. I’d bet my life.”

“Maybe sooner if today’s anything to go by,” Jason added.

Lister sat up, brushed some hay off his shirt and toyed with it absently. “Do you guys celebrate Christmas here?”

“In a way,” Richard allowed, “Although nobody’s strictly sure if it’s the right date anymore. We go by the seasons here rather than the calendar, as you know. Ethan will probably call a meeting soon to decide when we’ll hold the celebrations this year.”

“What kind of thing do you do to celebrate? I mean, seeing as there’s no t.v....”

“Oh, the usual,” Jason shrugged, reaching over and picking some more hay out of Lister’s hair; “Presents in the morning, a feast in the afternoon. And if it’s not raining then everyone will gather around the communal fire to sing songs in the evening.”

“Sounds nice,” Lister remarked, wondering why he suddenly wanted to blush.

“It is,” Richard agreed, “Right up until the arguments break out over who got what for who, and whether Uncle Joe or Granddad should get the last roast potato.”

“Ah, family,” Jason said wistfully.

“Maybe us guys should do Secret Santa this year?” Lister suggested. They looked at him blankly. 

“What does that mean?” Jason asked.

“You don’t know about that?” They shook their heads.

“Oh. Well, in my time we had this tradition that Christmas presents were brought in the night by this fat bloke called Santa Claus, or Father Christmas, or Saint Nicholas... He had lots of names. Anyway, it was this idea that if you had to buy gifts for a group of people then, instead of everyone buying something for everyone else, everyone would reach into a hat and pull out the name of just one person they had to get a present for.”

“Oh, I think I get it,” Jason said, “So then you would act as Santa for that person.”

“Right!”

Richard shrugged, “Hey, if it means less Christmas shopping to do then I’m all for it. Adam! Adam, wake up, you lazy sod!” He poked their sleeping companion sharply a few times until he snorted himself awake. “Waz goin ‘n?” he asked blearily. Richard reached over and plucked the woolly hat off his head, “We’ll fill you in later.” Jason tore a strip of paper off the bottom of the day’s rota and ripped it into four smaller pieces. He carefully initialled each one, then folded them in half and dropped them into the hat.

“Remember, guys,” Lister said, “You can’t tell anyone who you picked! It’s meant to be Secret Santa, ok?” There was a murmur of agreement; apart from Adam, who just said, “What?”

One by one they picked a name out of the hat, then smiled secretively at each other as they read the initial inside. “And now we wait to see what’s under the tree on Christmas morning,” Lister grinned.

“Tree?” Jason asked. Lister’s face fell,

“You mean you don’t have Christmas trees either?”

“What do they look like?” Richard asked.

“They’re evergreens that you bring inside at Christmas time and decorate.”

“With what?”

“You know...Tinsel. Baubles.” They looked at each other for help, then back at him. “Shiny stuff,” he said, more succinctly. This wasn’t much help. The only shiny things in Santa Ria were sharp things, like swords and knives. “Never mind,” Lister sighed, “We’ll just stick with the Secret Santa for now.”