Terry’s Story about Shelly
by RedMockers

I slowly turn my girlfriend into a submissive.

I met her at the NAS Barber's Point roller skating rink on Oahu, Hawaii. That base is closed now. I was 22 and she was 17. A month later she turned 18. As soon as I saw her, I fell in love.

There was something about her that made me and my cock pay attention. Maybe it was her confidence; maybe it was her long red hair. Or her aqua blue eyes. Sadly, just a few freckles, since I'm a freckle guy. She was kind of short, about five feet four inches tall, and only weighed about 105. She wasn't beautiful in the old-fashioned way. That would have made me cautious. But she was really cute, confident, smart, and cheerful. I remember thinking at the time: I wonder what she looks like naked. I would love to stick my cock into that smiling girl! Yes, my equipment was already zooming in high gear.

I'd been in the Navy for about three years at that time. Friends introduced us. I'm Terry, short for Terrel, and she is Shelly. Short for Michelle, but no one ever calls her that. After that first meeting we were together as much as possible. She was still in school, and I had my work. I was only Third Class, so I was given a lot of grunt work. Kept me pretty fit. Until I met Shell I didn't care how much I worked. I even volunteered. Yeah, I was a dumb ass back then. I'm smarter now.

We hung out with a loose group of friends: basically sailors who had become friends, and their girl friends. I never would have gone to the rink if my friends hadn't dragged me along with them one Saturday evening.

Shelly was a good skater. She took lessons when they were available, but her parents didn't have the money to finance it into competition status. Yes, there were competitions in the roller skating world. RSROA, Roller Skating Rink Operators Association. Skating kept her fit, but didn't interfere with our dates. So she had plenty of time to go places with me and "the gang."

We'd go to the beach, each time a different beach, or just to different parts of the island so we can write to our families back home and describe living in paradise to them.

We were a motley looking group. We used cobbled-together transportation. One owned a used Vespa. Another managed to get a used Honda motorcycle. I got lucky and found a Harley Davidson Hog for cheap, which I fixed up. We sure looked funny all riding together to the beach, or just riding around anywhere.

Shelly was a virgin. While she had had several boyfriends in the past, she was always monogamous. She didn't believe in dating more than one boy at a time. I was monogamous, too. So she and I became a couple. I guess you could say we were going steady, but I never really asked her. It didn't take long for Shell and me to enter the first phase of dating: kissing. And boy, could that girl kiss. She said she was naïve, but along the way someone must have taught her about French kissing. She loved to touch, too. Even if it was just to hold hands, or touch my arm. But usually it was to touch other, more inaccessible parts of me. Secretly. How she managed it I'll never know.

I realized she needed instruction on the intimate parts of dating. Before that I don't think she considered that there was something else available besides kissing. Add to that the fact that she was raised Roman Catholic, with a whole bunch of rules and commandments to follow, and I decided I should take it slow. I had my work cut out for me, but I could tell that if I didn't spook her, it would be... magical.

After six weeks together our date took us to a daytime movie theater using the Harley as usual. When the movie was over we still had plenty of time before she had to be home. Due to all the kissing we did during the movie, we were both pretty horny. So I turned down a seldom-used street on the base, and found a secluded spot off to the side of the road. Lots of wild sisal and other weedy plants grew there.

We got off the bike and continued our routine kissing. Once again, I thought, blue balls for me. Let me try something different. I brought my camera out of the bike's saddlebag, had Shell sit on the seat, and took her picture. I took a few more from different angles and had her lean on the bike several ways. Next...

"Shell," I started cautiously, "Would you let me remove your top?"

She didn't say no. Instead, she appeared to give it careful consideration. After about a minute or two she answered quietly, "Yes." I started to breathe again, not even realizing that I had been holding my breath.

It was a simple tee top. I very slowly lifted the hem, and started to pull it up, over her head. She was wearing a plain white bra. I had seen her in a two-piece bathing suit, so this was no surprise. So far, so good. Then I tried again.

"Would you let me remove your bra?"

She probably expected this. Again about a minute passed. This time she didn't even speak--she just gave a small nod. Yes!

I walked around to her back and slowly, carefully, undid the two hooks. I held the ends around her front, and she slipped her arms from the straps and took it off, and handed it to me. She turned around to face me... not covering her breasts at all. She wanted me to see them! She stood up straight and proud, with a little arch in her back, which pushed them forward a bit more. And wow, they were spectacular. They were very full D-sized, with not one speck of sag. If I did the pencil test under one, the pencil would simply drop to the ground.

As a redhead her skin was very fair. From a distance it seemed almost white. I loved it. Her aureoles and her nipples were the fairest, lightest pink. Without hesitation I reached and gently lifted a breast, and then thumbed the nipple. She gasped and I felt the nipple harden into a small bullet. Mmm. I did the same with the other one, closed my eyes, and thanked Heaven.

I decided to press my luck. Another question for my love. "Darlin'," I whispered, "can I take your picture?"

"Do you promise not to show it to anyone else?"

"I promise." Not at first, anyway. But I'm not sure I can keep this delicious bite a secret for long.

"All right then."

I took picture after picture of her topless quickly, before she had a chance to change her mind. I had her sit back on the bike, then I walked around it and took some more. Topless girl on my Hog. I'm a lucky guy.

"You are so beautiful," I told her. I kissed her, and fondled her breasts again. My teeth teased her nipples, and her arousal escalated just as I'd hoped.

"Let's get you naked," I ordered, testing how submissive she could be when aroused. She answered:

"Only if you get naked, too."

It was fun taking each other's clothes off. Maybe she thought she was safe with just my motorcycle there. I mean, who fucks on a motorcycle, right? But when the arousal gets sky high nothing is impossible.

I sat on the bike, running my hands all over her body. She felt so smooth! My cock was rock hard, pointing straight up. She looked at it, curious, yet not quite ready to even touch it.

I whispered to her, "I want to take you to heaven, Angel. Let me show you the way."

Quietly, hardly louder than my tongue on her nipple, she whispered, "Okay."

I put my hands around her little waist and lifted her, settling her love hole down on my stiff cock.

"Oh!" Shelly cried, "it's too big!" when it only went in about a quarter of the way.

I petted her, calming her as I spoke. "Shh, pet, it's okay. Your body, your vagina, is really stretchy. We'll go slowly, oh baby, it feels so good to be inside you. It's so warm and cozy, and your tightness is like silk on my skin."

Shelly moaned as I inched in slowly, "Terry, Terry, it feels so good..."

"Hang on baby, we're not there yet," I gained another inch, Oh, mother of God, how I've waited for this. I growled like a bear guarding his food.

She's writhing on me now, her arms are around me, scraping my back, it hurts so good, I have to be careful not to fall off. I pulled out to reposition. She mewled with disappointment. I held on to her tightly as I swung my leg over and stood, then dropped us down onto our pile of clothes.

She's on her back now and I positioned my cock and shoved all the way! Usually the girl will guide me, but Shell didn't even know how to do that. She was too busy studying this thing that was making her a woman.

I'm in, I made it! I started to thrust with a cadence, once, twice, rest, do it again. I'm a madman, hoping I haven't hurt her.

"Oh Terry, Terry, I think I'm going to pee, I'm so sorry! Oh, no!"

I laughed with such delight as I told her, "No baby, that's not pee. Not while we're fucking. It's okay, let it go! You're having such a great reaction that you're squirting! Oh my pet, I'm coming, I'm coming, feel it, darlin' let it wash over us, this is heaven, babe. We made it!"

She's vibrating, thrumming, yelling as she's coming. To think she squirted the very first time we fucked! We've laughed about that time and time again.

"God almighty, what a gift!" I told her. "Oh my girl, my precious little bundle of delight."

I hung onto her, I felt her sob with emotion. It was magical. "I love you," she whispered, while tears tracked down her face. "Thank you."

She thanked me! She loves me! "I love you, too, darlin'. I love you so much. You are a treasure. But, Shell?"

"Hmm?"

"Did I hurt you? Your hymen... did it, you know, break, hurt?"

She looked thoughtful. Her eyes rolled around, like eyes do when you're thinking hard. "It didn't hurt. At all! Does that mean I wasn't a virgin, even though I never before... fucked? I've had a couple hard falls skating, I've had some terrible painful periods, I use tampons..."

"Don't worry about it, Angel. Ask your doctor next time you see him. Or her." She hugged me, happy that I was okay. Heck, what do I know? All I know is that I was her first. Everything was new to her.

"Terry?"

"What, precious?"

"Can we do that again? Now?" Didn't I say she was great?

My cock answered for me. We both laughed and hugged as it stood at attention. "That's a yes."

This next time was a little slower, gentler, and took a little longer. It helped to show Shell that fucking didn't always have to be ferocious. She still climaxed. We created a new member of the "I love sex" club that day.

"Angel, I want to sleep with you tonight. Do you love me enough to want it, too?"

"Yes yes yes yes yes! I want us both to tell Daddy. Not ask him, but tell him. We might be surprised by his answer. Since Mom is not here anymore, Dad has been less... judging of me. It's been easier to talk to him about anything."

"Okay. His approval would be wonderful. I'm not the kind of man who wants to sneak around."

Our clothes were a mess, but we had to put them back on. I got her home in time, and we both entered her front door holding hands. I wanted to hold a lot more, but I wasn't stupid.

Shell took the lead. Her dad looked up as we stopped, and he knew we must have something important to say.

"What's up, Kitten?"

"Daddy," she squeezed my hand for support. "I love Terry. And Terry loves me." I nodded yes. "I have invited him to spend tonight in my bed. I wanted to tell you. We don't want to sneak around."

I think he was expecting us to tell him Shelly was pregnant. I saw him let go a breath he had been holding, as a kind of release. That made me hope this would turn out well.

"I see. Terry, do you know how old Shelly is?"

Uh oh. "Yes sir. I know that she is 18 now."

"Yes. Good. I don't know you very well, but I have made a few inquiries about you. You are polite to me, I appreciate that. You treat Shell like a princess, and you seem to have some ambition. Can I assume that you have recently fucked my daughter?"

"Um,...yes sir. I won't lie."

"More than once?"

"Yes... sir."

"I will allow this, on one condition. Shelly, Terry, I want you to leave her bedroom door open. I want to be able to look in on you, whether you are sleeping or fucking, whether you are naked, or fully clothed, whether you are quiet or loud. Understood?"

We both answered, "Yes, sir." and that started the new level of our relationship.

The next morning I was awake when Perry looked in on us. Shell and I were both naked, not covered at all. She was still asleep, using me as a pillow. My arm was around her, my hand was grasping her breast, slowly thumbing the nipple. In her sleep she was smiling as her hand was fisting my stiff cock. Her hair was a riot of red.

I smiled at him and he winked at me. We understood each other. I became Shell's caretaker, and he could relax his paternal duties, knowing he chose well. He walked away, and I fell back asleep, the smile still on my face.

Little did I realize at the time that he only walked away to grab his camera. I never woke as he took about ten shots, each time daring to get a little closer. Those pictures turned out to be some of his proudest, and he shared with me that he used them to help him cum while masturbating. I guess seeing his daughter all grown up and obviously enjoying sex with me were a big plus for her dad. And I learned that he was a voyeur. That was okay with me.

Having sex with Shelly has been more incredible than with anyone else, ever. She takes me to unimaginable heights. Every time I feel reborn. Every time she is ready. Every time makes me feel I can achieve nirvana. Stars shine brighter when I'm with her. I'm nicer to everyone when I'm with her. Her smile makes everyone feel better, and she always smiles. She could stop wars. Plus, I share all my thoughts with her. I want her to know exactly how I adore her. And she shares with me, too. We trust each other.

Spending that night with Shelly was the kickoff for new habits. After that, every time I had no work, the next morning would find me in her bed. And there was never a night where we had just a simple fast fuck before sleeping. We loved each other so much, it was second nature to use each other's body as much as possible, as long as possible. Nothing was off limits until we tried it, sometimes finding it delightful, other times deciding it wasn't for us.

I would suggest to her new things to try. But we always had our favorites that we used every time. For example, Shelly needed to have her nipples played with. Since I'm a nipple guy anyway, we would start there, right after our kissing. But I could vary my attention to those sweet nips. Fingers, mouth, hands, teeth, all were used. She even did the same to me and my nipples, and it felt great, but my must-have needs were elsewhere.

Shell was still a submissive and probably will always be. I learned to love ordering her to perform for me. If I would ask her to do something, she might not. But if I commanded, she always felt compelled. This worked very well because she knew she could trust me implicitly. I would never hurt her.

I might make her cry, though. On purpose. When she cried it provoked me. I became so erect needing to fuck her wildly with manic ferocity, until I came and came and came, noisily breeding her until I would almost pass out. It scared me that I couldn't control myself during those times. She loved it, every time. So much so that when she cried we knew I could use my passion and lust and be as rough as I needed to be, to love her and fuck her and take her as my own. I could play God to her. My angel. My sexy little plaything. My love.

Another benefit to having a submissive. I can try anything. If I take her out to eat, I have been known to order her to take off her panties and give them to me. She would go to the ladies room, and return with a sheepish look and a red face. The red usually extended down her chest as well. God I love that. She would sit and stick her hand in my pocket, secretly releasing her hold on those panties.

Another time I told her to give me her panties, but to stay right at the table to do it. It was so hot to watch her wiggle in her seat, shifting from left to right. I couldn't see her hands, but I could imagine what she was doing. Panties in my pocket. Then she got sneaky, and smart. I would be out somewhere, shopping, working, whatever. I would put my hand in my pocket for something, feel something strange, and pull it out. Panties. That was the sneaky part. The smart part? They weren't clean. She would wear them all day, then at night take them off and put them in all kinds of my pockets. It never failed to get me hard.

Submissives are so fun. Just watching her fight with herself, wanting to please me, not wanting to embarrass herself. I always tried to include just a dash of daring for her to work through. It's easier in the summer, when people don't bundle up as much. I would buy her dresses that showed off her figure. Then I would tell her not to wear a bra when she wears the dress. Or not to wear panties.

I discovered something else that turned me on. I love her body, and she knows it. I trust her completely, which causes her more problems, because I love her body so much I like to show it off, let other men see the heaven that is mine. To have a submissive, and then to turn that submissive into an exhibitionist. I get hard just thinking about that.

I told you before that her boobs are large. D size and no sag. To die for. They cover the whole width of her chest. I learned to buy certain styles of dress or top, then after I deny her use of a bra, the boobs have a habit of showing themselves off. My best one yet was the dress that was itself sneaky. The bodice would softly slip and show not just part of a boob, but an aureole, or even a nipple. She never felt the slip. All unexpected by her! We would walk around and men would turn and look, double-take to prove yes, her nipple is showing and it's stiff little pebbles. I would get a thumbs up, or a wink. She never knew, and I never told her.

I still haven't been able to get Shelly to show her pussy outside accidentally, but I'm getting there. I have managed to get her to show off when we have company, though.

Usually it starts when I will have a friend over. Maybe to watch a game. My friends sort of know by now that when I ask them over they expect me to somehow show her off. Like no panties and flashing her pussy. Or me fingering her and letting them watch. At home she is easier to persuade. And now that she's used to it, I'm going to push the envelope. I'll let you know what happens.

We have a couple friends who have been invited over so often, sometimes they just come over uninvited. Not a problem. For them, it's an extra treat because Shelly knows what I like. With them I don't even have to ask her. I'll turn around and see that she is already naked. Sometimes so wet with anticipation that it is dripping down her leg.

Two friends have extra privileges. We have a code word. Just her and me. When I say it, she knows I want her to fuck our friend. And when she grins I know I picked the right time. Watching her get filled by a friend is gratifying, really. She's mine, but I'm lending her as a gift. And a gift to myself, since watching that is a blessing.

Later...

It was so fun! This time I had two bachelor friends over. I told Shelly to be attentive and bring out the beers and snacks, and keep them coming. While Shell was out of earshot I would tell my friends about her assets. How she keeps her beautiful red hair long and lovely, how her boobs were so big, soft, and firm with no sag. How her pussy was the most beautiful I've ever seen. How she loves to give head. They would get so worked up they had huge hard ons by the time Shell came in with refreshments. I told her to wear a bikini. Hey, it was summer! And our AC was not working very well, so it was easy.

They stared at Shell and forgot to watch the game. I casually told her, "I was telling the guys about your beautiful boobs. Take your bikini bra off to show them."

She hesitated, so I walked over to her, told her how beautiful she is, what a good girl she is, and untied the bow to her top. Off it dropped. She looked down with an expression that I read as "Oh, darn." She bent down and picked up the top and walked away to add it to the laundry pile. She came back, topless, and continued to bring snacks and stuff.

She sat and watched the game with us. Then she went to get more snacks. My friends watched me to see what I would do next. I got my SLR camera out and got it ready.

When she came out with a tray of bottles, I said to her, "Honey, I've been telling the guys about your beautiful pussy. Take off your bikini bottom so they can see for themselves."

She got that deer-in-the-headlights look again. I walked over to her, again praised her, tweaked both of her beautiful nipples, and had her untie the bows on either side of her bikini. Down it dropped! She grinned. Her bare pussy was now visible for us all to admire. Naked as a newborn. My preference. Again she bent over to pick up what fell, and walked over to put it in the laundry basket.

I picked up my camera and started shooting. She has a nice thigh gap, and the kind of clit that sticks out a little bit, even when she's not aroused. So as she walked away they could see the tip of her clit hanging a little. What a turn on! As an attentive boyfriend, I walked over to her and fingered her pussy. She was sopping wet! I brought my wet finger out to show my pals. Her clit was easier to see now, as she gets aroused easily when she is fingered and it was swollen.

"Shell, my friends think you are beautiful. Walk over to them and let them finger you. I'm sure they would be very happy to help you cum."

I don't usually go that far, but she was turned on, I was turned on, and the guys were beside themselves with hope. I smiled at her. My biggest most loving smile, assuring her that it's okay, I love her, and they do, too.

She walked over to them. They were each sitting in an easy chair, and she stood between them. At the same time they reached over to basically feel her up. One grabbed her boobs and twisted her super sensitive nipples. The other stuck a finger in her cunt to feel her wetness, and he bumped her clit.

My girl closed her eyes and came right then, fiercely! We could see her body shake and vibrate as she sank to the floor and moaned uncontrollably, writhing. I grinned, I was so proud of her! I got pictures of it all. I love taking her orgasm pictures. I have tons of them. All unique. It's times like that I call her by a special nickname, my Little O. It's so easy to make her cum.

I did not expect to be creating a little submissive exhibitionist! But I realized that little by little, that's what happened. Must be a subliminal thing I needed. I walked over to her, kneeled down like you would to a little kid, and asked her,

"Little O, do you need to be fucked?" She nodded her head yes.

I told the boob guy to get his clothes off so he could fuck her properly. I handed him a condom. You can't fuck my girlfriend without one.

Right there in the living room he did just that. His clothes came off so fast I had to laugh. He had a medium cock, nothing she couldn't handle, so I watched and clicked away as he first put the condom on, then politely positioned her on her back for missionary sex. He pushed his cock into her, all the way first try! Her wetness made her slippery as lube, so he started the fuck by pumping right away. In and out, in and out. Man, who cared about a ball game when the best show was on my living room floor? Ha ha!

He fucked her with a few more strokes and then announced, "I'm gonna cum!" I told him to pull out, he could take the condom off, and cum on her boobs and chest. Cum pictures! Awesome! Oh right, the professionals call that the money shot. I call it the cummy shot. My baby was a trooper.

I told the next guy, the cunt guy, to get ready. Another condom for him. He shucked his clothes. A normal cock, so I relaxed. He grabbed a cushion for her. I liked that. He was considerate. The other guy was a jerk. I told boob guy he could leave now. He wanted to watch, but I shooed him out.

Back on my knees, I asked her, "Little O, can you handle one more? He'd really like to fuck you, and I'd like to watch."

She whispered to me, but he could hear her, too. "I need to cum, so yeah, let him in me. I want him to cum in me. Thank you, babe."

Aw, she was so sweet. Thanking me for having them fuck her. I promised her a big reward later on.

The cunt guy put the cushion down and was gentle about slipping his cock into her. I liked that he didn't just assume he could slam her. I might invite him back some time. I watched him fuck my girl, but mostly I watched her. Her facial expressions told me the whole story. They went from resting face, to nice face, on to interested face, to excited face.

Oh, he must have hit her G-spot, because all of a sudden she went ballistic. That was her O face, my favorite. The guy was pretty happy about that, too. Then he was humping at a pretty good pace, working himself up for the grand finale. Holy cow, she orgasmed again! And then at the same time, pow! Cunt man came, and filled the condom, half a dozen pumps worth. That was a doozy. I got pictures. She called his name a few times. Then she called mine. My angel.

We let him hang around a while longer, all of us much more relaxed about being naked and just talking about all kinds of shit. Mostly sex related. Nakedness does that. Brings out the animal in us all.

Cunt man decided to leave when it got late and all Shelly wanted was to fuck me over and over again. I'm used to it, and have built up the stamina, but it does seem pretty awesome to first-time watchers if anyone is still around. Yeah, my ego shows off pretty much during those sessions. I start talking dirty mouth to her, too. She loves it in small doses.

When we were alone again I pulled out the ring, got down on one knee, and proposed to my currently naked girlfriend. She squealed and hugged and kissed me.

"Does that mean yes?" I had to ask. She laughed and agreed. Convenient that she was still naked.

One day my boss called me into his office. Right away he said he's heard a lot about my girl, and he wanted to see for himself. I told him I only let guys fuck her on the weekend. And if he brings any friends, the deal is off. I learned the hard way on that one. He agreed, so the next Saturday he came knocking at the door. It was noon. He was casually dressed. Nicely. He's a little overweight, but not bad.

I invited him in and introduced him to Shelly. He was surprised. I'm sure he didn't believe the guys when they told him how beautiful she is. She was wearing one of those tiny dresses, kind of loose, really short, almost showing her cunt. The top was cut pretty low, showing the tops of her boobs. Little spaghetti straps holding the whole thing up.

My boss was really surprised again when I told her to take off the dress. She untied those straps, and let it fall. No panties. She was naked. With a beautiful smile. Boss had trouble breathing, I swear to God. I told her she was a good girl, and I loved her, and my boss would like to fuck her. Just like that. She looked him over, wasn't sure. I told him to lose his clothes, she wants to see him naked. I was taking my clothes off, too.

She took her time checking him out. She liked his cock. It was a pretty good size, but not as big as mine so I knew she would have fun with it. She asked him if he wanted to fuck right away, or maybe get a blow job. He had trouble deciding, and looked at his watch. I guess he had to be somewhere. Too bad for him. Anyway, he settled for the fuck.

She got close to him and got down on the floor. He straddled her missionary style, and started pumping. What a dumb guy. He came really fast, suited up and left. I had to calm her down and pet her and explain it wasn't her fault, he had to be somewhere. She's pretty sensitive. He was a douche. He didn't even use the condom I gave him. He won't be invited again.

Still later...

Hi, good to see you again. Let me tell you the latest. Shell and I went to a park late one afternoon. No kids were there, so I told her to take her dress off. Dresses are easier and faster than pants and top. She did. Wow did she look beautiful sitting on the grass naked. A couple teenage boys came by and stared at her for about 10 minutes. I had to watch carefully since boys that age have no morals. They had to be somewhere so they finally left. A young couple came by. The woman got really made at the man because he wanted to stay and just watch. I was getting ready to fuck her, so he missed out on seeing that.

I made Shell get on all fours and I took her from behind. That's one of her favorite positions, so I knew she would cum quickly. She did! She yelled out because it was such a strong orgasm, and she squirted! I put her dress on her and we high tailed it out of there before any cops came. Back home we fucked a couple more times before she was tired out. Then we just cuddled naked on the sofa while she kissed me a lot. I think we had the tv on for background noise. Sometime we get kinda loud when we cum so the tv helps and the neighbors don't get so mad.

A month after that I invited our new neighbor over to watch the game. He is a deputy sheriff, a bachelor. Kind of handsome, but what do I know? Shell thought so, anyway, and told me. I don't think he has a girlfriend right now, so I felt a little sorry for him. I told Shell to put her medium-sized bikini on to serve beer and snacks. She gave me a big smile and a kiss, knowing I had something in mind for her. So I told her my plan.

This guy's name is Ken. Nice guy, and law enforcement, you know. They protect and serve. They deserve a reward. So I pretended I needed to find something upstairs. He was alone on the sofa when she came in carrying a towel, like she had been at the pool. Her hair was wet, so she probably really did swim for a bit. You can't see the sofa from the door, so she acted like I was the one sitting there watching tv.

"Honey," she called, "I can't find the wine. Ouch! And now my top hurts. Please come untie it while I keep looking." She was standing on the stepstool. She's only 5'4". I'm 6'2" So when I put stuff away it's anyone's guess if she can find it.

Ken didn't move, so she called again, kind of irritated. He decided hell, why not? So he goes into the kitchen and sees her scrabbling in the top cabinet, in just a little bikini. He untied her top, both at the neck and the back. Down it dropped.

"Oh, that's much better, thanks honey. Now could you do the bottom? I don't like this bikini so much. I think I'll wear the smaller one from now on."

Smaller? He thought this one was pretty tiny. He saw side boob, ya know? So he undid the bottom, received her thanks, and she reached the bottle down for him to grab. He did, but he also said, "Actually, I prefer beer." She looked down and gave a little gasp and said, "Ken?" She wanted to step down so he held her waist while she did. You know, to help her down. Then he got a good look at the whole package, shaved pussy and everything. He reached for her boobs, squeezed them, and she moaned.

I had been watching most of this. So now I said, "I decided you need some thanks for what you do. Shell, kiss him." She's a great kisser, I may have already told you that. Her kiss, with tongue, pretty much told him "please fuck me now." He held her and returned the kiss. Then he looked at me, question on his face. I told him, "I like to share her with my friends, I like to watch, and she stays happy. It's a win for us all. You do a good enough job and I'll get her all night long, trying to satisfy her. You'll probably tire out before she does."

He looked at her with more interest now, lust clearly on his face. Shell asked Ken, "What's your favorite position?" Good man, he said, "On your back, so I can use my fingers first." I smiled, because that's what Shell loves most... a good fingering before penetration. She giggled and wiggled, making Ken and me laugh. God I love her. He made her cum three times before he even got his cock into her. I got plenty of O face pictures that day. He knows how to make a woman happy. If I wasn't around I think Shell would even want to marry him. He'll be asked back, no doubt about it. No. She doesn't like being gang banged. One at a time for her.

He fucked her doggy style and made her cum twice more before he came, partly in her and the rest all over her. She loves cum. She swallows it and says it tastes like fruit juice. Must be her red haired dna or something changing her taste buds like that. Yeah, lucky me.

Well, I gotta go. I just got a selfie from her, just her tits. See? Yeah, gorgeous, I know. When she sends a tit pic that means she's horny so get home! Huh? Oh, we've been married a couple years now. I'm 25 and she's 20 now. Nah, I never need to fuck another woman. Shell is everything to me. I know, I know, she's still young. We'll be doing this until she tells me she's tired of it. Then we'll figure out something else that could get us into trouble, I guess. It's all so fun!
