It was the middle of the day, and it was a huge risk. He couldn’t help it though. It made it more exciting. They didn’t do it often. It would be easier to be caught that way. He was on the bridge today, but Wesley wasn’t.

So, Will was taking his lunch in his quarters. And what a delectable lunch it was. Wesley was on his stomach, naked beneath him. His back was slick and shiny with massage oil, and Will was working his hands all along Wesley’s back, eliciting little moans and whimpers as he did.

Wesley was completely boneless beneath him as he moved down from his back to knead his ass and thighs. He could feel the way that Wesley was tensing under him again, could hear the subtle difference in his moans.

Suddenly, Wesley had pushed up on his knees and was smiling shyly at Will over his shoulder, a clear invitation to make the massage more intimate. He would be lying if he said that he hadn’t been hoping that this would happen after the massage.

He wanted to watch and kiss Wesley while he did this though, so he gently pushed Wesley onto his back, giving him a quick kiss before pouring more oil onto his hand.

He stretched out next to Wesley and distracted him with kisses as he let one finger circle around his hole. He began to press in gently and was unsurprised to find resistance. He broke off the kiss long enough for a whispered “relax for me baby, just relax” before kissing him again.

He felt Wesley relax and when he had on finger pressed all the way in, he broke off the kiss so that he could watch Wesley as he worked his finger in and out. Wesley’s eyes were closed and his lips were parted, soft sighs and moans escaping from his opened mouth.

He removed his finger and added more oil before pressing two fingers in. He watched as Wesley breathed and relaxed through the burn. When Wesley had relaxed, he began to scissor his fingers to work Wesley open.

When he felt he had worked Wesley open the best he could with two fingers, he rubbed his fingers over Wesley’s prostate and watched as Wesley’s eyes shot open as he cried out, grabbing fistfuls of sheets.

He kept up the prostate massage as Wesley began to writhe and moan beneath him. He pulled out his fingers and chuckled when Wesley groaned with the loss. He poured more oil onto his fingers and slid three fingers into Wesley. Wesley didn’t even notice the stretch this time as he rocked himself onto Will’s fingers.

He rubbed steadily against Wesley’s prostate, watching as pre-come beaded onto the tip of Wesley’s cock. He wanted nothing more than to lick it up, to get the taste of Wesley in his mouth. He craved that taste.

He would wait though. He wanted, no needed, to hear that one word from Wesley. His patience was rewarded when Wesley let out the desperate and broken “Will”. Will groaned and took Wesley into his mouth as deep as he could take him. Then he backed off and swirled his tongue around the head before hollowing his cheeks and sliding back down, sucking and licking until Wesley came hard.

Will sucked down every drop greedily, savoring the taste of Wesley. It didn’t matter how bad come tasted, it was pure Wesley and he loved it.

Wesley’s eyes were closed and he had a goofy grin on his face. He placed a quick kiss to Wesley’s slackened lips and then lay down next to him, taking himself into his own hand. It only took a few quick strokes for Will to spill all over his hand.

Will cleaned the both of them up, then got out of bed and got dressed. He pulled the covers over Wesley since he was already half asleep. Wesley cocooned himself into the covers and muttered something unintelligible when Will gave him one last kiss before heading back to the bridge.