Author: mypenname3000
Title: Editing Reality Book 2, Chapter 15: Angelic Passion Unlocked
Summary: Player Two has launched his final move. Can Steve find a way out, or is this checkmate?
Keywords: MF mc oral

Copywrite 2019

Visit my blog at http://mypenname3000.com

Note: Thanks to WRC 264 for beta reading this.

Steve Davies

I stared at the army of anime girls rushing at city hall. They were all armed with assault rifles, sleek, deadly weapons. They swept in from the right and the left, their gunshots cracking through the afternoon. The few people who were still lurking around city hall after my inauguration were fleeing into the building. 

Bullets slammed into the building. I could hear them cracking into the stone facade. How was this possible. How could these women, who looked like they were spilling out of that Anime convention held in Seattle around Easter, attack us? I had warded this place to keep anyone wanting to do harm from approaching.

Steve! my wife gasped, her voice full of fear.

Sir, sir, the tunnel, Imogene said. My secretary, pulling off one of her hoop earrings, rushed up to me. She threw her earring to the side as she grabbed me. We have to get out of here.

Tunnel... I said, my mind reeling from the shock of this moment. I couldn't believe this was happening. It was insane. 

To the utility building, Imogene said, grabbing my hand and leading me towards the side door.

My mind struggled to think as she pulled me towards the door. My wife rushed after me, grabbing my other arm, pressing her naked breasts against it. There was a tunnel. Memories were spilling through my mind as my brain started to function. The tunnel led to a nearby utility building on the other side of the street. A building those strange girls were ignoring. I had edited that building to be a safe place, too.

A place where people couldn't come near if they wanted to hurt me or others.

This can't be happening, I muttered as Imogene, her brown hair sweeping about her shoulders, opened the door. I made this place safe. You saw that, Linda.

I know, she said. We'll figure this out later. We just have to get to safety. Get to our children.

My stomach tightened. I wrenched my hand from Imogene's and shoved it into my pockets, my pants just managing to hang on to my hips. I pulled out my phone as we headed forward. There was a flight of narrow stairs before us. This tunnel was a byproduct of prohibition. For some reason, city hall had occupied a building that had built a tunnel for smuggling booze. 

I scrolled through my contacts, found Sam's number, and hit the call button as we headed down the wooden stairs. There was a dusty smell in the air. Bullets cracked into the building outside. My heart hammered. My Sam had to be safe. The phone rang and rang and rang.

Hey, you've reached my phone, leave a message! said Sam's voice.

I groaned and hung up. I shook my head, glancing at my wife. She didn't pick up.

Oh, god, she moaned as we reached the bottom of the stairs.

Sir, let's go, Imogene moaned, opening the door that led to the tunnel reaching beneath the streets. I had gone down through here once. There were lights that still worked. Imogene found the switch, flipped it on.

Lights flickered on down the long tunnel. It was narrow, lined in brick.

I opened the editing app, not bothering to pause reality as we hurried down the hallway. My wife still cluing to me while naked Imogene rushed down the hallway before me, her rump swaying while she hugged herself.

I wish I had my clothes on, she muttered. Why am I naked?

Don't worry about that, I said. I typed in the app's search bar one-handed, putting in my daughter's name.

This is getting crazy, huh? Anael said, the blonde angel asked as she pranced beside me. Upstairs, people are getting interesting.

That's one way to put it, I growled. I found my daughter and hit her. The phone displayed a view of my living room. Sam, her three friends, James, and his two girlfriends were all in the living room cheering and shouting. My daughter and son held Nintendo Switch controllers, staring at the TV intently as they played one of their dumb games.

Sam and James are fine, I said as we rushed forward.

Oh, good, moaned my wife as I looked up Becky.

I found my daughter upstairs in her room with Tonya and Tonya's mother, the three writhing in lesbian passion.

Becky, too, I said, some of the tension around my heart bleeding out of me.

Imogene reached the door to the other side, opening it with a heavy groan. It was iron, thick and hard. She stood there, her youthful face nervous. She waved us on. My wife and I passed through it. Anael swept through Imogene, the angel incorporeal. My secretary closed it and there was a loud boom, plunging us into darkness.

Where's the other door? my wife gasped as the only light came from my phone. Shouldn't it be right here.

My wife pointed at the far wall. I could see only the old bricks that made up the room. I frowned, nodding. Yeah, there should be. This isn't a dead end.

I waved my phone before me, the screen shining the blue light on the phone. This tension swelled in my stomach. My heart squeezed as this growing panic rose in me as I circled the walls. Imogene trembled by the iron door. The small room we were in, right below the other building now only had one way in and out.

It had been changed. Edited.

My panic swelled. It rose in me. My breathing quickened. Fear squeezed about my chest. I trembled as I turned around. There had to be a door here. There had to be. This was our escape route. It had to be here.

Steve, my wife said, her voice cracking. What's going on, Steve?

I swallowed. My body shook. I struggled not to drown in this rising fear and

My phone rang.

I didn't recognize the number. My phone buzzed in my hand as the ringer echoed through the small room. My wife gasped, staring at me, her face lit by the bluish glow of my phone. I shook as my thumb hovered over the screen.

Who was calling me?

I swiped the screen and brought it to my ear. Hello.

Mr. Davies, the confident, smooth voice of Seth Parish said. I believe this is what we call checkmate.

The floor fell out of my stomach. I staggered, my free hand planting against the wall. 

As you're starting to realize, you're trapped in this room, Seth said. The door behind you won't open any longer. I've edited it and the walls, floor, and ceiling to be impervious to any damage. My cell phone is the only one that can call into this room, all other signals are blocked.

Okay, I said, my mind reeling. What could I do to get help? What could I use to get me out of here? I had my clothing. What could I do with them? What do you want.

When you play chess, Seth said, such gloating glee in his young voice, you don't win by just defeating your opponent. No, you make your opponent defeat themselves. You lead them to the right place where they have no choice but to lose. Where all their moves lead to your victory. There is no way out of the room you're in unless I free you. No way for you to pull out any surprises. No way to escape. You're trapped.

What is it? my wife asked.

I shook my head at her and focused on my phone. What do you want?

We'll get to that, Seth said. He was having such joy. I could have defeated you in so many different ways. I could have just put a gun to your head, but I'm not that sort of guy. I don't want to hurt you, I just want you to surrender. So I came up with a plan to have you in the right place at the right time. Where you would have no moves left but surrendering to me.
 
Your greed for power was the first thing I noticed. How you were manipulating not just the girls at our school, but the mayor himself. When I realized you wanted to control things, I knew you couldn't resist accepting being mayor even when you knew that I had arranged it. You had to accept the role. You had to impose your will on Rainier.

I ground my teeth as my wife and Imogene hugged each other.

So I had you in a place at the right time, but I needed an army to maneuver you. I grew my minions while you were wholly distracted by the gun sale. I hid my girls from you, making sure no one would be able to tell you about them. I knew you would notice the tunnel running from City Hall. You would see the potential of it. You never thought to check it out after you first found it. So you had no idea that I had tampered with this room.

You sound very proud of yourself, I said. How did you get around my protection? Your girls are attacking the building. They shouldn't be able to. Are they not human?

Oh, they're not trying to kill anyone, he said. They're just shooting at the building, having fun. It's a game to them. In fact, they're already fleeing before the police can regroup and come back.

My heart sank.

Yes, you could have walked out to them, and they wouldn't have done a thing to you. I just needed to force you to move. And you did with a little nudge from Imogene. That little hoop earring she's wearing. You were scared and didn't think when she offered you an avenue of escape.

My eyes flicked to my secretary. She wore only one, the only thing she had on.

Now there's a way out, Seth said. You can give up your power. You can surrender it. I have it under good authority that this will reset every change you ever made. All the people you've modified will be free of the edits you've made to them. Becky will be free.

That's what you want, right? I growled. Becky? You want her badly.

My daughter? gasped my wife. Her face swelled with anger. Let me speak to him!

I want her to love me, Seth snarled. But you... You twisted her. Your own daughter. You made her love you, to submit to your lust. Anger burned in his voice. You twisted her. I couldn't even get her to act on her attraction to me. You made her love you so much that she's lost.

This wild laughter burst from me. I couldn't help it. He thought I made my daughter love me? 

What? Seth demanded.

I didn't make my daughter love me, I growled. She loved me all on her own. She always did before I ever had these powers. She never even thought of you. You were nothing to my Becky! Nothing!

Doesn't matter, Seth said. Once she's free, I can make her believe she always loved me. We'll be happy. And you can go back to your life. Be a teacher. I don't hold a grudge. I could hear him draw in a deep breath. Once I have Becky, we're good, Mr. Davies. I will treat her well. She'll be my queen. I've always loved her. I only hung out with your son to get her to notice me. She will notice me now.

I ground my teeth.

So, I'm going to call you back in a minute. That will give you more than enough time to play around on your phone. Be methodical. Explore all your options in the app. I want you to know that I have defeated you. I want you to see that you have no options. If you don't surrender your power, you, your wife, and Imogene will never escape. You won't run out of air, but you'll die of dehydration. I don't want to be that cruel to you, but I need you to end your edits.

Because if I die, everything I did will stay the same, I growled. Becky will never love you.

True, Seth said. We'll both lose, but I will keep living. A stalemate is better than nothing. Your choice, Mr. Davies. You, your wife, and Imogene's lives are all waiting on your choice. Have a good day, sir.

The phone went dead.

Steve, My wife said, stepping up to me. What are we going to do.

I don't know, I muttered, opening my phone.

Mr. Davies, what is going on? she asked, trembling.

A pissing contest. I hit EDIT on my app. I had one more change left just for any curve balls. One way out. There had to be something in here that I could use. 

This doesn't look good, Anael said, her voice muted. I think you've lost.

Game's not over yet, I said. Reality was paused around me, my wife frozen in terror, Imogene hugging herself, her tears frozen on her cheeks.

I opened up the editing menu on the walls. 

Sub-Basement EDITED BY PLAYER TWO
   Physical Quality
   Spiritual Quality

I went to the Physical Quality Menu. I opened it. 

Physical Quality
   State
   Mass
   Strength
   Material
   Shape
   Temperature
   Location

I went to the Material Sub-Menu, studying the concrete. It was edited to be impervious to all tools. All damage. No radio waves can penetrate save for Seth Meyer's cell phone signal. He had changed the right wall to get rid of the door, hacking it out of existence, and the ceiling to get rid of the light fixtures. The door into here was equally modified.

Clothing.

My wife had only her wedding ring on, which I had already edited, but I had my suit. A jacket, tie, two shoes, a pair of socks, underwear, pants, a belt, a shirt, and... I had nothing in my pockets. I frowned. My wallet wasn't here. Where were my car keys?

I opened the menu to my jacket and...

EDITED BY PLAYER TWO

Fuck me, I muttered.

He's edited your clothing? asked Anael as I navigated to the Spiritual Quality Menu and then hit the Aura Sub-Menu. 

   Linda Davies will select this article of clothing for her husband to wear for his mayoral inauguration. Steve Davies will wear it.
   Steve Davies will put nothing in his pocket, including car keys and a wallet. When he arrives at city hall, he will leave his key in his cars and not realize it.

Goddamn, I muttered, trembling. I went through all the clothes I wore. It was all edited like that, my pants a similar set of nothing in the pockets. He spent so many edits on my clothing. He made sure I'd only wear what he'd modify. No watch. No other accessories but my wedding ring, which is already edited. I only did that yesterday!

He must have seen you editing your wife's ring, said Anael.

Fuck, I muttered, panic flitting through me.

There had to be something I could edit. My clothing was no good, my wife and Imogene were naked. I went to my phone. I selected it from the menu.

EDITED BY MOST HIGH

My stomach clenched. I couldn't edit myself, either. There had to be something in this room I could do. This couldn't be over. I didn't want to give this all up. There had to be a way out of this mess. Something I could do.

Just uninstall the program to give  up your power, Anael said. He is correct. It will reset everything. You will probably find yourself in your home like you would on any normal Saturday unaware that any of this happened. I'm sorry.

Anael touched me. Her hand stroked my face. She rubbed her hand up and down my cheek, stroking me. This heat rippled through my body. Her fingers were comforting. Pain filled her eyes. I stared into her eyes, seeing how badly she wanted to save me.

It was fun, she said. I'm sorry I didn't guide you better.

There has to be something, I said, such desperation in my voice. I had fought so hard to keep from abusing my powers, but I had come to enjoy this life. I looked at my wife. She would go back to being a closeted lesbian. Becky would be shy. No, worse, she would be edited to be Seth's lover, to forget she ever had feelings for me.

I was sacrificing my daughter to save my life. My wife's life. 

Please, I said, staring at Anael. Her purple eyes were so wide. So liquid. There has to be something I can do.

I'm sorry, she said. Her fingers stroked my cheeks. Heat shot through me. Her fingers were so warm. She leaned closer. Just uninstall. It's over. You lost.

It's not over, I insisted. My eldest daughter appeared in my mind, her auburn hair gathered in a braid. She looked so shy and innocent. She was such a wonderful girl. I would be giving her up to Seth. It was a terrible thing to do. I couldn't just do that. Not without exhausting every option.

I stared into Anael's eyes. Could I... edit her?

I had never even considered the angel. She wasn't part of this world. I pulled away from her and looked at the screen. The image of this room was on there. There were only three dots. Anael didn't even appear on here, but...

What are you doing? Anael asked. What have you thought up?

I typed her name into the search bar. The program didn't find her right away, but those swirling circles appeared in the middle of the screen as it chugged along. I swallowed, my heart racing. This had to do something. It was my only option and...

Anael's profile appeared.

Anael (PASSWORD PROTECTED)
   Physical
   Mental
   Spiritual
   Unlock New Editing Features

I blinked at that. You're not edited?

Anael's eyes widened. She stepped back. Steve...

But it says you're password protected. I stared at Anael as she pressed back into the brick wall. The naked angel trembled, her small breasts quivering. I can edit you if I know your password?

She gave a short nod of her head.

Why can I do that? I asked.

Because I exist, she said. Like you. But I'm protected. The Most High doesn't want his angels edited by you or Seth.

I stared down at her menu and then I noticed at the very bottom was an option. Unlock New Editing Features. It wasn't a menu. I clicked on it and saw that it was an upgrade. I glanced at her, trembling. Are you connected to my phone?

She bit her lip.

You are. You're connected to my phone. I took a step towards her. If I edit you, I can unlock something new in my phone.

She nodded her head, her cheeks going pink. I'm the connection. You work through me. She swallowed. It's why I'm always around. The app is just... an interface for you to manipulate the power that's flowing through me from the Most High.

And if I unlock it, I can get us out of here.

She swallowed.

Anael! I grabbed her shoulder with my free hand. I stared into her purple eyes. Will I be able to get out of here if I edit you?

She nodded.

Then what's the password? My heart raced. My blood howled through my veins.

It's my real name, she said. She swallowed. If you can figure it out, then you can unlock me.

Your real name? I asked, frowning. 

Real names hold power for us, she said. That's what is beyond this universe, a place of will. And the Word shapes the Will. Creation. You put your Words into the app, and your Will unlocks it. If you know my true Word, you can edit me.

What is it? I asked.

I can't tell you!

My brow furrowed. Can't or won't?

Won't. She stared up at me. Please, you have to understand. It's not my place to tell you.

You have to, I told her. Please, not just to save my wife and Imogene, but to save Becky from Seth. She doesn't care for him. She doesn't love him. He'll make her his whore.

Haven't you done that to all those girls? she asked.

I didn't make them love me, I said. I didn't ruin their lives. I didn't break up their relationships. Okay, I enjoyed them, but I didn't harm them.

You don't know he'll harm them. Anael smiled at me. I bet he'll make her happy. To Becky, it will be like she loved him. She will love him. Remember, that's how this works. Her life's circumstances will have changed to lead to a worldline where she fell in love with him.

Not good enough, I sad. You're going to have to go back to heaven. No more hanging around with me. No more having fun with me.

She bit her lip and I felt something. A vulnerability.

No more getting to watch me having sex. No more getting to have sex with me or kissing paused women or playing with their tits. My hand on her shoulder slid down to her breast. You're the angel of sexuality. You love it. And you won't get to play any longer.

Steve, she groaned, shaking her head. I won't tell you. If you can't figure it out on your own, it's over

I don't need to, I said, squeezing her breast. My thumb swiped over her nipple. You're going to tell me.

I'm not, she said. You know it. I'm immortal. I will have other chances to play.

You don't know the future, I said. You don't know the future that Seth will cause.

You can't convince me, she said. I'm sorry. I like you, Steve. I do. I want you to win. I really, really do. But... There's nothing I can do.

I loosened my tie. I pulled it through the collar. It whisked as it flowed around me. I threw it to the ground. Then I slipped off my jacket. She frowned at me as I set it down on the ground along with my phone. I undid the buttons on my cuff and the buttons of my shirt.

What are you doing? Anael asked.

Well, if this is it, Steve said, if it's over, I figured you'd like one last time with me. That you'd be eager for this. One last chance to have sex with a mortal before you head back to heaven. I think you mentioned it was boring up there. That was why the Most High gave me this power. To stir things up.

Yes, she said slowly.

I took off my shirt. She shifted, her hips wiggling. Her nipples hardened. She was a lusty thing. A juicy gleam appeared on her inner thighs. My cock swelled hard despite the stress, the edits the Most High had done to me had given me such an extreme set of lust.

I undid my belt and unfastened my slacks. The cloth whisked down my legs, my cock hard in my boxers. She bit her lower lip. Color spotted her fair cheeks as she stared at my dick. Her hands slid up to cup her small tits.

What are you really doing, Steve? she said.

Giving you a last taste of pleasure, I told her, stepping out of my slacks. Then I worked off my socks. That's all.

This won't work, she said. You won't sway my mind.

Sure, I said, my heart beating fast while a fist of fear clenched about it. This had to work. I had to convince her. She was my last option.

I thrust down my pants. My cock popped out, bouncing before me. I was hard. Aching. My cock throbbed with passion. My excitement shot through me. It pumped through my veins with such passion. I just had to enjoy her.

Steve, she groaned as I advanced on her. Fine. Let's have fun.

I stepped up before her. I lifted her chin and stared into her eyes. I peered into the depth of her immortal soul. She trembled, her lips gleaming red. I leaned down and planted my mouth on her. I claimed my angel.

I thrust my tongue into her mouth as she whimpered. Her arms went around my neck, clinging to me. Her lithe body pressed against me. My cock throbbed against her stomach. Her small breasts rubbed into my chest. Her nipples were hard as she squirmed against me. Her tongue dueled with mine as she whimpered into the kiss.

She tasted so sweet. I pressed her against the wall, grabbing her ass. I squeezed her rump, massaging her. My cock ached against her stomach. She was so hot and delicious. My lips worked against hers. I dug my fingers into her rump, pulling her so tight to me.

She felt so wonderful. So delightful. I loved the taste of her. I would win my angel by my side. I would make her mine. My cock twitched and throbbed against her. This twitching, aching, throbbing heat surged through me.

I broke the kiss. You are amazing, Anael. Have I ever told you that?

No, she said, her words throaty. And flattery won't work. I know that I'm amazing.

I just wanted to tell you. I squeezed her rump. Thank for you choosing me.

It was fun, she said. Even if you didn't fuck nearly enough of those high school girls.

I smiled at her. True.

I kissed her again, thrusting my tongue into her mouth. I dueled with her, loving her. She felt so wonderful in my arms. She felt amazing. I held her tight, my fingers dug into her rump. I loved the feel of her in my arms. The way she trembled. The way she whimpered.

My tongue darted around with hers. She whimpered against me, trembling. She felt so wonderful in my arms. My hands slid from her rump to her sides. I stroked up her body, reveling in the smooth skin beneath my hand.

I broke the kiss, stepping back. My hand swept over her tits. I cupped both her breasts. They were small and perky, just like my daughter's Sam. Anael's purple eyes had a naughty gleam in them. She trembled, her breasts rising and falling.

God, you are just beautiful, I said. I wish I had told you that before. You're gorgeous, Anael.

Steve, she groaned. 

I smiled at her and then I ducked my head down. I latched onto her small nipple. I sucked hard. She gasped, her passion echoing through the room. She groaned, swaying as I loved her. I nibbled and sucked on her nub, my hand massaging her other breast.

She ran her fingers through my hair as she trembled. I kissed and sucked and nibbled on her dainty nipple. Her moans echoed through the room. We had all the time in the world to enjoy this. Maybe it would be my last time with my naughty angel.

I would miss her as much as my changed Linda and new life. Anael was such a sweet thing. A mischievous, playful, wanton angel.

What could her real name be?

I had no idea. She would tell me or not. I just had to give it my best. I would just have to love her with all my passion and hoped it would win her to my cause.

I sucked hard on her nipple, engulfing her areola in my mouth. Then my lips popped off, her breast quivering. She was so firm, her breasts small, perfect mounds. I darted over and sucked on her other nipple, engulfing the pink nub into my hungry lips.

She squirmed as my hand slid down her body. I reached down across her stomach. She squirmed at my touch, her hips rubbing back and forth. I delighted in the silky smoothness of her skin. She whimpered as my hand went lower and lower. I brushed her bellybutton.

She squealed in delight.

Then I caressed across her shaved pubic mound and cupped the warmth of her angelic pussy. Literal heavenly delights existed between her thighs. Her moans grew louder as my fingers rubbed up and down her hot folds. I stroked her. Teased her.

Her juices coated my digits. Her passion drenched them as I sucked and nibbled on her nipple. I loved her little nub. My tongue danced around it as my fingers stroked up and down her slit. I caressed her hot flesh. I enjoyed the feel of her succulent twat.

Steve, she panted. Oh, I'll miss you. You're an amazing man. You deserve to win, you do.

I popped my mouth off her nipples while I slammed my fingers into her juicy pussy. I stared into her purple eyes and moaned, You can tell me your name.

She shook her head.

I kissed her hard as I thrust my digits into her pussy. She grabbed my shoulders, her fingers gripping my flesh as her cunt clutched about my digits. Her juices soaked them. They slid in and out of her hot warmth while she whimpered into my lips.

My thumb slid across her labia. I rubbed up her plump vulva to her clit peeking out of her juicy lips. The angel jumped in my arms as I massaged her bud. Her pussy clamped down on my fingers. She groaned into the kiss, her tongue dueling with mine.

I broke the kiss and nibbled down her jawline as I fingered her twat. Her juices dribbled down my digits, past my knuckles, and ran across the back of my hand. My thumb caressed her nub as my mouth smooched up to her ear.

You're going to have to give up this pleasure, I whispered in her ear. No more fun. No more cumming with me. No more watching me fuck all those women.

Steve, she whimpered, her pussy clenching around them. 

I thrust my digits harder into her pussy. Faster. I churned her up. My lips nibbled on her earlobe. She shuddered, her fingernails biting into my shoulder as her juices flowed hot out of her pussy. My cock ached and throbbed.

No more tempting to me to fuck cute, sexy girls.

Oh, Steve, she moaned, her hips wiggling back and forth.

I know how much you love it, I continued. How much delight you get in groping their bodies, in whispering to me to enjoy their nubile breasts and tight pussies. 

I'll miss it, but... She shook her head. I'm not supposed to tell you. You have to figure it out yourself.

I am, I told her, rubbing her clit faster.

Her body trembled. Her pussy grew hotter and hotter. Her moans were so delicious. I darted my head down and sucked on her nipple again. I loved her. I savored her nub in my mouth. She gasped and moaned.

Her pussy felt on the verge of quivering. Her moans sounded so sweet. That pleasure was about to ripple over her. My cock ached and throbbed, my heart pounding passion through my veins. I rubbed her clit hard.

Steve! she squealed, her back arching, pressing her firm titty against my mouth. Oh, Steve, yes!

I ripped my fingers out of her pussy and released her nipple. I took a step back as she blinked and shuddered. She groaned, her breasts rising and falling. She whimpered, shaking her head. She grabbed my hand, pulling me to her pussy.

Don't stop! she groaned. I was almost there.

I know, I said, resisting her pull. I smiled at her. Look at you, just so beautiful as you quiver in passion. I licked my lips. You smell so good, too. I breathed in her sweet musk. That fresh, heavenly scent wreathed the air. 

Steve! she moaned. Teasing me won't work.

I winked at her as I brought my pussy-soaked fingers to my mouth. I popped in the first, savoring the sweet flavor of her cunt. I groaned, my dick aching at the flavor of her. She melted on my tongue. My cheeks hollowed as I enjoyed this moment.

Then I popped my fingers out of my mouth. Damn, I am going to miss the flavor of your pussy. It's angelic.

Of course it is, she moaned, trembling.

I think I need a better taste.

She nodded her head as she leaned against the brick wall. She parted her thighs. The light from my phone, that blue glow, spilled over her body and highlighted her beauty. The crease of her pussy looked so delicious. That tight slit surrounded by her plump vulva.

I fell to my knees before her heavenly cunt. Her sweet musk filled my nose. This drunken exhilaration spilled over me. I grabbed her hips, pulling her closer to me as I breathed in her scent. I savored it. I enjoyed every second of inhaling her musk.

Don't tease me, Steve, she moaned. Please, please, just enjoy me. Love me one last time.

It doesn't have to be the last time, I told her. Be my angel.

Rebel? she groaned. Steve, no. I'm no Lucifer and his ilk.

I leaned forward, the intoxicating scent of her pussy filled my nose. I'm really going to miss you. My heart squeezed as I came closer. This pain filled it. I think... I think I've grown to care for you. Love you. You nestled in my heart, always around, so playful and supportive.

Steve! she whimpered.

I buried my face in her pussy. She gasped and moaned as I licked through her heavenly pussy. My nose pressed into her vulva, the delicious font of her womanhood. My tongue flicked through her folds, teasing her, tasting her.

She gasped, her back arching. Her breasts jiggling. She shuddered as my tongue slid through her folds, tasting her delicious juices. They coated my mouth while her juices flowed down my chin and spilled down my throat.

Her sweet cream dripped into my mouth. My tongue lapped through her folds, gathering more and more of her delicious passion. The flavor burst to life on my tongue. I savored it as my tongue fluttered and stroked her petals. I stared up her body at how she shuddered, the way her breasts jiggled.

Yes, yes! she moaned, her eyes fluttering. Oh, Steve, yes! You love me! You give me your passion! Sexuality is the most physical expression of love. Ooh, yes, give it to me!

My tongue fluttered through her folds. Her words echoing in my mind. It was. I loved her with all my heart. My passion pumped through my veins as my tongue caressed her. I licked and lapped at her folds.

Steve! she moaned.

I love you, Anael, I groaned, caressing her with my tongue. Do you feel it?

Yes, yes, yes! she moaned, her body bucking. Oh, you're going to make me cum. You're going to take me to the celestial heavens.

I licked harder and harder. I fluttered my tongue through her folds. I teased her, caressed her. I made such sweet love to my angel's pussy. Her juices coated my face. Her small breasts quivered while her blonde hair tossed about her flushed face.

Her purple eyes shone. They swirled with passion. She bucked and groaned. She seemed to glow in the dark, shining like a star in the night. I groaned as I flicked my tongue through her folds. Angels were stars in the bible. It was a metaphor for them.

I could see why.

You shine with such radiance, I groaned as her body bucked in the near darkness of the room.

I feel your physical love! she moaned, her hips undulating. She ground her pussy on my lips. Make me cum. Give me that delight. Shower me in your sexual passion.

I sucked hard on her clit. I nibbled on her little bud. Her sweet juices soaked my lips, my mouth. I groaned as I nibbled on her. She trembled and moaned, her fingers gripping my hair. Her back arched, smearing her twat across my hungry lips.

She was almost there. Almost to the pinnacle of her orgasm.

I pulled my face away. She gasped, grabbing my hair, trying to pull my face to her twat. I rose, staring into her flushed face. Frustration crossed her expression as her cream dripped from my chin. Her body trembled.

I won't tell you, she moaned. Please, please, just let me cum. This is futile. Don't torture me. You said you loved me.

I do, I said, but I also love my daughter, Becky. My wife. Sam. I don't want to give them up. I don't want to give you up. I need to know.

I'm sorry, she moaned. Just ram your cock into me. Open up my gates of love and fill me with your passion! Take me to the heights of the Celestial Heaven.

I smiled at her. I should take you to Paradiso? I asked. Re-enact Dante's poetry?

There was no fucking in his version of the Celestial Heaven, she moaned. Mmm, but you can drive that cock into me.

Her hand grabbed my cock, and she pulled me towards her pussy. I shuddered as she rubbed me against her flesh. That hot, delicious, delicate, heavenly sheath. The entrance to her passion. We would unite, our bodies becoming one, the ultimate act of physical love.

I thrust my cock into the angel of sexuality.

Her pussy squeezed around me. I groaned as I pinned her against the wall. I savored her pussy around me, that tight, delicious sheath clinging to my cock. She groaned and whimpered, her snatch squeezing about me. She gripped me with a tight delight. Her cunt felt amazing about me.

Oh, Steve, yes! she moaned. Her eyes were bright and naughty. Mmm, yes, yes, I need this. Please, please, just make love to me. Take me to Paradiso.

I kissed her as my hips drew back. Her pussy clung to my cock. Her arms went around my neck. Then she hooked her right thigh over my leg, my waist. She was so limber. I grabbed her rump, supporting her as I drove her against the wall.

Her left leg came up. She gripped my waist while her pussy squeezed about my dick. Her pussy massaged me. That hot, delicious warmth surged through my body. I groaned into her lips as I drove my dick into her.

She was amazing. Incredible. This hot delight that I didn't want to give up. I trembled, my heart racing as I buried my cock into her again and again. I rammed into her over and over. I savored her pussy's grip about my dick. That wonderful pressure squeezing me. It was incredible.

Her tongue darted around inside of my mouth. Her small breasts rubbed into my chest as I pumped over and over into the wonderful heaven of her pussy. Her thighs squeezed my waist, flexing as she worked her hips in circles.

Her pussy swirled around my pistoning dick.

I broke the kiss and groaned, Damn, Anael.

I know! she moaned. I feel your passion, Steve! Give it to me! It's incredible. Oh, yes, yes!
I drilled into her. I plunged my cock into her pussy with hard strokes. She squeezed about me, her pussy gripping me with the heaven of her twat. It was an incredible delight to experience. I groaned, feeling drunk on the delight of her pussy.

I hammered her hard. I buried into her, plunging into her pussy with bold strokes. This incredible rush of pleasure shot through me. I reveled in the exciting thrill of her pussy gripping me. That delicious, amazing ache. Her twat squeezed about me as I plundered her again and again.

Steve! Steve!

Anael! I groaned, staring into her eyes. They brimmed with her passion, her violet depths almost glowing.

I felt her passion shining out of her. It swept around us. This desperate passion. She wanted to help, but she couldn't tell me her name. I could see it as I drove my cock into the depth of her pussy. She loved me, but it must go against the rules.

I had to figure it out.

Damn, I groaned, driving into her, the feel of her pussy drawing me closer and closer to erupting. My balls tightened in the depth of her pussy. You're really not going to tell.

I'm sorry! she moaned, her snatch squeezing about my dick, swelling the amazing pleasure of burying over and over into her pussy. She felt so incredible about me. I love you, Steve, but I can't rebel! So just take me to the Celestial Heavens. Give me a taste of Paradiso on earth!

Yes! I growled, ramming into her depths.

Her pussy was so open to my cock. I plunged into her, reaching into the depths of her passion. Sex was more than a physical act, it was a spiritual one. A joining of two opposites. Her twat clutched around my thrusting dick, massaging me. The ache swelled at my cock's tip.

My essence, my cum, filled my balls. They swung, eager to spill my rapture into her. I groaned as I stared into her eyes. I shuddered as I thrust hard, my hands gripping her flexing rump. Our flesh slapped together. Her small breasts quivered against my chest.

Cum, Anael! I groaned. I'm not going to tease you any longer.

I'm sorry! she moaned. She clutched hard to me. I do love you, Steve. I do! I want you to be happy! I want you to join me in the Celestial Heaven! Oh, yes, yes, love me with your cock. Ooh, this is what I need. What I am.

Physical love! I groaned as her passion shone around, my one star in the darkness.

Yes! she howled and came.

Her pussy convulsed around my dick. That wonderful, heavenly delight shot through me. I groaned at her rippling flesh. She sucked at me, swelling that pressure at the tip of my cock. I rammed my shaft into the heart of her passion.

Her cunt writhed. Sucked at me. My balls tightened. I groaned, buried to the hilt in her convulsing twat. I stared into her eyes. I kissed her as she clung to me. My angel's tongue darted into my mouth while her pussy begged for my cum.

I exploded.

I gave her my physical love. I pumped blast after blast of my jizz into her cunt. I flooded her. I filled her with my passion. I groaned into the kiss as my jizz pumped out of me. Each eruption fired ecstasy into mind.

It thrust me into the heights of rapture. Into the Celestial Heavens of Paradiso and...

The Celestial Heavens...

The Seven Spheres of Heaven. The Moon, Venus, Mercury, the Sun, Mars, Jupiter, and Saturn. And beyond them, the Empyrean Sea of Stars. The heavenly choir. The angels. They were thought of as stars for a while and written about poetically.

But some of the stars were planets. The wandering stars. The important ones. And one of those stars...

I broke my lips and gasped, Venus! It clicked in my head. The way she kept saying physical love and Celestial Heaven. She couldn't say it outright, but she was drawing me towards Dante's Divine Comedy. You are Venus.

Yes! she howled, her pussy milking the cum from my cock. Open, all ye gates, I am Venus, the Angel of the Love Star!

I spurted the last of my cum into her. I ripped out of her embrace and stumbled from the glowing angel. She shone with a brilliance that spilled through the room. Her passion illuminated everything. Her eyes blazed with purple radiance.

I grabbed my phone. I opened up her profile. I typed in the password. 

VENUS 

I had access to her. I trembled as I went to that fourth option. I clicked it. 

DO YOU WISH TO UNLOCK THIS FEATURE?
YES
NO

I hit YES. Then I shuddered. I could edit more about Anael. My Venus. I opened her Spiritual Menu and hit the Relationship Sub-Menu. 

What are you doing? she moaned, her head shaking.

Taking care of your divided loyalties, I said. The top-most relationship in her list was The Most High. I was right beneath her. I opened up my relationship and added:

   Steve Davies is Venus's master. The one she answers to above all others, even the Most High. 

What? she asked, shaking her head. My divided loyalties?

You wouldn't tell me the password because you're loyal to the Creator over me, I said as I hit compile.

YES

or 

NO

Her eyes bulged. What did you do, Steve?

I hit YES.

Reality rippled around us. Anael gasped while my phone buzzed in my hand. The app closed then a notification popped up. 

Installing update... 

I swallowed, trembling. Then it was done. I opened the app and groaned. I had three more edits available. I had used them all up already. But now I had six a day. But that wouldn't get me out of here unless.

I opened up the menu for the door. Instead of showing that it was locked from editing, it merely said LAST EDITED BY PLAYER TWO. Trembling, I navigated the menu and found the change that kept anyone but Seth from opening. 

I deleted it.

I edited reality once more.

To be continued...