Make up slut
by Grizlybear

Make up slut 1

I told her it was over between us. But she refused to let it go. The reality is I am not who you want me to be. And you aren’t who I need you to be. Over the time we were together you reviled to me you have always in joyed exhibitionism in your youth you would run around topples around the neighborhood boys. This resulted in you being gang raped. Was it? And *what would you expect being a cock teaser for the boys.As you got older and got a second floor apartment you neglected to put curtains on the windows and would parade around naked for anyone to see. You became a playboy bunny for a bit. After you got married you’re husband and yourself would throw porno parties. You watched deep throat over and over till you could perfect the technique. I often wondered if they were swinger party’s. When we first started going out we would go kayaking down next to road . I would watch you wet down your white top till it was transparent. We stopped at an island beach where you took your top off and sucked my cock . You took off your shorts and we fucked me while the fishermen watched. Yet you accuse me a being perverted because I look at porn. You withheld sexual relations with me reason being I was not touching you in a loving manor. Yet you would parade naked .Back to your old ways..**
Now you want to rekindle our relationship. Well here are my terms. I will take you back if you return as a submissive sex slave. Your wardrobe will be subject to my approval and will include the lack of under garments from this point*on. You will submit to the rules of the 4A’s,Anytime,Anywhere ,Anything and Anyone. You will e clean shaven from the neck down. I will be addressed as Master or Sir. This is non negotiable so take it or leave it.
There was a look of shock on her face. Weighing life without me or of servitude. After a good long while she said I will agree to your terms.
Ok then this weekend you will e put to the test.
Saturday morning arrived going through her things there was not a lot in her wardrobe that met my with approval. I took a tee shirt I cut it to where it just covered her nipples the leftover was just enough to turn into a short skirt with a pair of heels. There is your outfit for today.
We got in the car and headed for the highway. Once we got up to speed I told her to strip. She gave me a look. Remember the four A’s. Or would you care to be dropped at the next rest stop. I’m sure in that outfit you will have no trouble getting a ride. She was naked in no time. Let’s give the trucker some entertainment. As the first truck rolled up along side he slowed down and matched our speed give him a show and play with yourself. Giving him a smile she fondled her tits and ran her hand down between her thighs. Closing her eyes she was now immersed in her role starting to moan with her fingers working away on her crotch. A smile appeared on her faAfter a mile or two he gave a blast on his horn and pulled away. There were several more to check out the show I was sure the word was out over the CBs.
We left the highway and within a few minutes we were pulling up into my buddy’s driveway. There didn’t seem to be any neighbors out and about . She scurried up to the door to get inside. Eric greeted us at the door. Wow love your outfit. I grabbed a bag of accessories to enhance our fun. She gave him a hug as Eric grabbed a handful of ass. Where you able to make all the arrangements and are the cameras up and running? Eric had an elaborate security system that covered the entire house. Yep everything has been taken care of.
I went to my bag of tricks. Over here Slut. Yes Master. First a pair of handcuffs secured her hands behind her back. Next a pair of nipple clips were attached . Bend over slut. Would you care to do the honors I handed him tube of lube and a butt plug. Thank you I don’t mind if I do. He greased up her ass sliding a finger up her tight hole then two fucking her ass with his fingers he got up to three fingers up her ass . I think she about ready as he eased the plug into her. He pulled it out and reseated it into her. He went down to her pussy she soaking wet he remarked.
I grabbed a pillow from the couch on your knees let’s show him another of your talents. He unzipped his pants . What do you say slut . “May I please suck your cock Sir”. Open your mouth Slut . He brought his cock to her face lick it he demanded. Open wide slut as he stuffed his cock right down her throat. He continued to fuck her face until he blew his load down her throat.
She is a three hole free use slut for the weekend. This going to be all kinds of fun he replied.
Make us some lunch Slut. I removed her handcuffs. We told her what kind of sandwich’s we wanted . She asked what we wanted to drink. Beer will do. After a good lunch. I asked Eric to bring a sawhorse from the garage and put it in the middle of the room. I removed her nipple clamps. She was instructed to to lay face down . Her arms attached to the front legs as her ankles to the back. Eric go over to my bag you will find a black sixteen inch dildo and grab that lube. Ok you’re the ass man. Pull that plug and replace it with big black cock. He pulled out the plug and started easing the dildo into her pulling it out and going a little deeper with each thrust till only about two inches was left exposed. While he was assaulting her ass I took advantage of her mouth . She was becoming accustomed to the invasion off the dildo in her ass and was now moaning on my cock. It wasn’t long before she was building to an orgasm. With a shudder and gush of cum flooding out of her cunt she had her first orgasm. Wow she’s a squirted. She was left there with the dildo just poking out of her ass. Eric smacked her ass cheeks until he achieved a nice red glow. He then removed the dildo from her ass. And we let free from her horse . By now it was getting on toward dinner time. How about pizza? Sounds good , I will call it in Eric said . He hung up the phone , about 20 minutes they said. A short while later the door bell rang . Pizzas here . Get the door slut. We handed her just enough for the the pie. No tip she asked ? Oh you are the tip invite the man in. On you knees need I say more. She dropped to her knees and proceeded undo his fly and gave him the blowjob of a lifetime. Thanks this was the best tip ever. We in joyed a nice dinner.
Not long after the doorbell rang again. Ah our guests have arrived. Answer the door Slut. She opened the door and greeted by three men at the door. Gentlemen she will be tonight’s entertainment Eric announced as they entered. I added she is a three hole slut for your use. So get naked and have fun.
Back on your knees it wasn’t long before she was surrounded buy cocks. Moving from one to the next with her hands working on the other two. They stood her up bent her over and started fucking her from behind while she was still sucking cock. They traded places making use of all her holes. One laid on the couch she lowered her ass onto his cock while another got between her legs for a D P while sucking on the third. This brought her to an intense orgasm. Everyone exhausted with her covered and dripping with cum. The guys decided to call it a night.
She pulled herself together gave them all a hug and a kiss goodbye and thanked them for a great evening.
With the guy’s departure I told her to go clean herself up. She went off too the shower. Eric said well that was certainly worth the price of admission with a chuckle. I am turning in he said see you in the morning. We will see how handles tomorrow’s events.


Make up slut 2 the next day

I woke up she was snuggled up next to me. She looked peaceful and content. Wake up you have another big day ahead. You can start by giving me some head. Yes Sir she replied as she slid down and took me into her mouth. I grew enough to be at the entrance of her throat grabbed a handful of hair and stuffed her down my shaft till she was down to the base of my cock. I fucked her face and came deep down her throat.
We went to to the kitchen and started the coffee. Eric was still in bed. Come on let’s wake up our host. Eric woke up to a warm mouth licking and sucking his cock. Mmmmm good morning nice alarm clock I need to get one of these . It wasn’t long before she was swallowing her second load of cum for the day.
Let’s give a treat shall we roll over buddy. Now lick his ass. She spread his cheeks and started licking his asshole circling and licking up to his balls. That’s a good start now stick that tongue up his ass and fuck him with it. She spread his cheeks a bit further and stuffed her tongue as far as she could up his asshole. Her head bobbing up and down for all it was worth. After five minutes or so I asked. Well do you think it’s clean enough there buddy? I do believe so, that was awesome. That was a first for me he replied.
Well are ready for breakfast. Our Slut has had her appetizer but I’m getting hungry. Eric through on some pants and joined us in the kitchen.She nakedly proceeded to make us a breakfast of bacon and eggs. And served it up.
After breakfast Eric excused himself. I have something to do I’ll be right back. She was just finishing cleaning up the kitchen when Eric pulled back into the driveway.
The door opened and he stood there with a beautiful big Great Dane. His name is Thor, and you are going to be a Thor bitch today he chuckled. Her jaw dropped. Remember the four A’s.
Eric looked puzzled. Anything, Anytime, Anywhere and Anyone I explained.
Alright Bitch get over to the couch sit with your ass at the edge and spread those legs wide, so he can have a taste of you. He was lead up between her legs. His nose nuzzled up into her crotch. She flinched for a minute. Then that big tongue started lapping away at her pussy. She started moaning as he started getting deeper into her pussy. She couldn’t help herself as she had her first orgasm.
Thor was taken to the middle of the room, sit boy ok now it’s your turn to return the favor come serve your master. She came and stood next to Thor. Thor lay down. We rolled him onto his side. Get down here bitch. You need to get him hard play with his sheath until he gets hard.
She massaged him till that big red cock came into view. Now you need to return the favor and suck that dick. She took him into her mouth sucking and licking his huge cock. Stuff it down your throat bitch. She worked it deeper and deeper till was down to the hair on his sheath all the his pre cum running out of her mouth.
I think he’s ready what do think Eric? As ready as he’s going to get Eric replied. Alright get up on your hands and knees bitch. Up Thor, it didn’t take long as he was around behind her. I patted her back that was all it took. He mounted her humping away it didn’t take long and he found his mark. No easing in he was down to the max. She came almost instantly.She was moaning away while getting accustomed to him.
It feel like he’s getting bigger she said.
Yes you are about to be knotted bitch. As his knot plugged her as he started to flood her with his seed and no where for it to go.
Oh my god I can feel him filling with cum as she reached another orgasm. Thinking it was over not knowing that knot was going to keep them locked together until it shrank enough to come out. It took about fifteen minutes and Thor was able pull out her aching cunt with audible pop as it came out. A flood of their combined juices drained down the inside her puss of her thighs. Thor turned around and lapped at her aching hole. As if to say thanks. She enjoyed the soothing feel of his tongue.
We gave her a few minutes to recover . Got her up bent her over the back of the couch and filled her ass with cum with Thors cum still dripping from her pussy.
I have get Thor home Eric told us and headed for the door.
Why don’t you get yourself cleaned up I told her-and she headed for the shower. By the time Eric got back she was out of the shower.
Get dressed we have things to do yet. She returned, what do have to say to to our host. Thank you Sir I hope you enjoyed my services. Feel free to bring her back anytime. I grabbed my bag of tricks and we were out the door.
On the way back I pulled into a tattoo and piercing shop. You have earned to wear a mark of ownership I told her. She knew better than to question me and followed me into the shop.
How can I help you today the man behind the counter asked? We would like to see some piercings I replied.
What did you have in mind?
Two fourteen gauge captive rings for her nipples another four for her pussy lips and a curved bar for her clit.
He brought out a couple of trays we made my selections. Fine shall I rap these up ?
No she needs to be pierced with them. Oh then follow me. We walked into the back room . There was a table similar to what you might find at a doctors office. Get undressed lay down. I’ll be right back .
He returned with a metallic tray with everything he needed. Donning some surgical glove he proceeded to prep her nipple first wiping it down he then marked his desired target clamped her nipple and grabbed the piercing needle. Take a deep breath and he ran through . She gasped. He then took the ring a and pushed the needle through. She clenched her teeth. There one down six to go .
An hour and a half later we were done . He gave her some ointment to apply twice a day.
And we were out the door. Back on the road she lifted her top and commented that does look really sexy doesn’t it Master. Why the four in my pussy lips.
Once healed to either open you up for viewing pleasure or to attach weights to stretch your lips. Oh she meekly replied thank you Master.
It was a couple weeks before she was ready for play. She was still very sensitive and easy to arouse . With very little effort she would be coming in no time.
Master if I had known the effects of this I would have done this years ago. I love the looks I get from men noticing my nipple rings outlined beneath my tops. It makes me wet thinking of all the nasty things that they would love to do to me. I’m getting wet right now thinking about it.
Well why don’t you relieve yourself right now. I would appreciate a little show. She reached between her legs spreading her thighs. As she started rubbing her clit and dipping into her cunt. She came within minutes. She looked hot.
There do you feel better now?
Yes thank you Master.
Well then seeing as you enjoy being on display. Let’s take it a step further. We will be going out on the town tonight.
Do your makeup and I will pick out something for you to wear. I brought out a blouse that was nearly transparent and a tiny black skirt that barely covered her assets. Topped it off with a pair of heels to accent her long shapely legs. She looked stunning her nipples were all but in plain sight. Her skirt was so short she had all she could do to keep from showing her all..
We pulled up to the bar and it was crowded. The parking lot was almost full.
Why don’t you go in and grab us a seat while I see if I can find a parking spot, I parked at the back of the lot.
When I got to the bar she was still just inside the door.
There are no seats empty Master.
Just then a couple stood up from the bar just across from the stage. Perfect as we rushed to claim their seats.
She was trying to get up on the stool without being obvious without much luck. She turned to the bar as she was on full display.
A few drinks later wanting to see the band with the aid of a few tequilas she turned to face the dance floor with her back to the bar. She was getting a good deal of attention from the guys around the bar.
One particular table had for men seated at it. Their glances turned into stares. They would come up to the bar for refills squeezing in next to her.
Nice outfit he told her his hand brushed her thigh. Within a few refills his hand was now between her thighs. She looked at me.
Enjoying yourself I asked? He grinned yes can I buy you two a drink he asked. Sure I agreed.
Well the drink’s kept coming and by now his friends joined in coping feels even playing with her pussy. By now she was being fingered at the bar and didn’t seem to care.
The night was winding down I realized if we stayed much longer she would not be able to walk. Let’s get going I told her and we headed for the door.
I had to park at the far end of the parking lot.
About half way there I noticed her fan club was right behind.
Hey we would like to keep this party going he asked. She was drunk and horny as hell . Sure why not.
They caught up we us at the truck they started wiping out there cocks a before you knew it she was on her knees servicing her new friends, They removed her her top and played with her nipple piercings. I knew Her knees couldn’t take kneeling on the blacktop they helped her up and bent her over. One of her newfound friends was kneeling behind her with his face buried in her ass licking and sucking her cunt. Before long he stood up and plowed into her.
They all took turns a t one end or the other pumping their loads into her till everyone was spent.
Wow she is really hot. If you ever want to share her again here is my number please give me a call.
On the ride home I asked did you enjoy being gang banged in public. Yes thank you Master. I’m sure there will more of them in your future. I hope so Master.


Make up slut 3 the contract

I arrived home and handed her a bag. I got you something. What she found inside was a black leather color with chrome writing that read Slut. Four leather cuffs for wrists and ankles. There was also an envelope. A card she asked? Not hardly. It’s a contract you need to sign.
Contact? What for? Something in writing that defines our relationship. This will protect me from rape or abuse charges. It also contains a safe phrase to protect you if you need to tap out of something that would be to rough for you to handle. If you were to say Red Dog it would stop whatever would be going on. Because words like stop or no will have no meaning. Do you understand.
Yes Master.
Good now get dressed, we have things to do. In her standard attire ( her cropped tee shirt and short skirt with the addition of her new color ). We headed for the Jeep . With the top down and the doors removed. She was quite exposed. I pulled into a used car dealership knowing there would be a notary on the premises.
Walking into the office , the guy behind the desk asked.
What can I do for you? We need to have something notarized. What have you got. I handed him the envelope. He opened it up and proceeded to read over the agreement. With a smirk on his face he stated there will be a fee you understand.
Yes I was figuring on that . He witnessed our signing and he applied his stamp. What do we owe you I asked? With that he got up from behind his desk, walk around behind her . He reached around and lifted her shirt fondled her tits pulling on her nipple rings.Then went under her skirt and played with her pussy. Get up on my desk I would like a photo to remember this transaction. She looked at me . I nodded. She got up on the desk. So me what you’ve got baby.
She lifted her top off and dropped her skirt as he took out hit phone and took several photos. That should cover it he stated. I picked up our paperwork. She put her things on. As we were leaving. He remarked stop on by if there is anything else I can do for you.
Back in the Jeep I headed for the forest to a place back on trail I knew of. A few miles in I pulled into a small clearing by a lake. It was perfect for what I had in mind. Get your things off. I got out her cuffs and put her in them. For a warm up climb back into the Jeep turn around I want watch you fuck the gearshift. As instructed she got in and lowered herself down onto the ball of the shifter rocking back and forth till the knob disappeared into her. She road it up and down rolling her hips with it deep inside her. Her breath became short . May I cum Master? Not yet I told her . She was frantically fucking my Jeep . Please may I cum . Yes you may i replied. In almost a contusion she came all over my shifter.
Well now that your warmed up. Get down out of there and join me over here. At the edge of the clearing were two trees about seven foot apart. I looped two ropes around the tree maybe seven foot high and attached them to her wrists then two more at ground level and attached to her ankles . At this time I put a ball gag in her mouth and blindfolded her. I then attached a chain with clips to the piercings in her pussy lips around her ass to the other side spreading her wide open.
I went over to where I could pick out the perfect switch. I returned with my choice to her spread out helpless between the trees. Swishing my stick to where she could hear it whistled though the air. She struggled hopelessly to her bonds . Let’s start back here as the first crack struck her ass . A muffled cry from her gaged mouth count slut . One from beneath her gag a second strike. Two, three , four. By now the red welts were rising from her tender flesh. I moved my punishing blows up her back decorating her flesh . Then the back of her thighs. I walked around to the front of her. Let’s start from one again shall we. My first blow went across her breasts . One, two as she struggled against her bonds. Making her breasts jiggle and sway . Three , four, again the welts began to rise. Lowering to her stomach. Five,six ,seven, eight . I now centered my attention to her thighs. Nine ten ,eleven, twelve. Now to the tender mound between her legs being spread wide open and so venerable. Thirteen with tears rolling down her cheeks. Fourteen, fifteen, sixteen.
I walked away leaving her stretched between the trees. Her body stripped from the punishing blows. Surprised she did not use her safe words. I got into the Jeep and left her there. Struggling against her bonds. I could only imagine what was going through her mind. As I pulled away.
I remembered seeing some trucks from some hunters on the way in. As luck would have it they were sitting on their tailgate having lunch and beers.
See anything I asked . No nothing is moving out there today. We are thinking of heading out. Really…….. Well I have a dear strung up back at my camp I could use a hand with. Well we were giving up on today anyway. Sure let’s see what you’ve got. They climbed in their truck and followed me back to the clearing.
Wait a minute buddy we don’t want to be involved in some kind of kidnapping , rape or something.
Let me put your mind at ease . I showed hi our contract. She is ready willing and able.
Wow. That puts a different light on things. When you said dear I was thinking deer. Well she is here to be used however you see fit, enjoy.
With that they walked across the clearing to check out their new plaything. Groping her tits playing with her nipples. Grabbing her ass. Check out this cunt on display. That’s hot.
Why don’t you bring her over here? You have an eight foot bed right here on this truck.
They untied her and guided her back to the truck. By the look of these stripes she has been a bad little girl.
Well let’s see is he can redeem herself shall we . You might as well take that gag out and you can start there ,
They put her on her knees as they started talking off their clothes. Dirty and smelly from trudging through woods all day. You mind if we take off her blindfold so she can see what she has gotten herself into.
Go right ahead. She’s your fuck toy for the afternoon. Do what ever you want.
She was pleasantly surprised they may have been dirty and smelly but the weren’t bad looking.
She had her mouth traded around from guy to guy while they slapped her ass and tits pulling on her nipples.
I want some of that wide open pussy. They laid her down in the dirt. Grab those legs and spread em boys. He buried his face down into her gaping hole . She gasped at the feel of his soothing tongue lapping away at her abused pussy. Clenching the post in clit and sucking on it. She couldn’t hold back and with a massive orgasm squirted cum all over his face. Oh yeah she is ready boys. Flip her over and let’s take this bitch for a ride.
Before she knew it she was back on her knees with her face and tits in the dirt getting pounded from behind. One of the others got down in front of her .
There’s no sense it letting this hole go to waist as he grabbed a handful of hair and cram his cock down her throat. A short while later the guy behind her . Ahhh baby I’m gonna fill this pussy full of cum. With a grunt he slammed into her ah bitch that’s some good pussy. As he pulled out cum dribbled from her openly stretched hole.
My turn the next in line said. He got up behind her spreading her ass cheeks. He spit into her asshole this is what I want he said. Dipping into her dripping pussy for a bit more lubricant he put his cock up to her tight little butt and started forcing it in. She moaned over the cock face having another orgasm being ass fucked. Within a few stokes he was balls deep in her ass and pounding away.
The guy buried deep in her throat feeling himself starting to cum grabbed a handful of hair pulled out of her mouth. And came all over her dirt covered face.
After pounding into her ass for a good twenty minutes he gave her an ass full of cum.
By this time the guys had their fun. Leaving her laying in the dirt. Started getting dressed . Going over to the cooler ask me hey can we buy you a beer?
Sure thanks.
She finally got to her feet covered in dirt cum dripping from all her holes. She was quite the sight.
Go down to the lake and clean yourself up.
Yes Sir she replied. She took off her cuffs and the clips with the chain to her pussy. And headed down to the lake.
We watched as she bathed in the lake and had another beer. Well we mounted your dear for you. Laughingly .Thank you for making this hunting trip one to remember. But really we got to get going. Thank you sweetheart they shouted down to the lake .
The pleasure was all mine she replied, waving goodbye.
She got dressed while I pick up our stuff and headed for home. She kicked back her seat. Nothing like a day in the woods Master she said with a smile on her face.
 
