I surf the Internet quite a bit. One day while chatting I came across a lady & we chitchatted for about fifteen minutes, she seemed quite nice. We were both fast typist so the conversation really started to flow. She gave me her email address and asked for mine. After that for about four months we had been exchanging E Mails & discussing everything about life including sex.

She was married for over 12 years, but after marriage, she knew something was missing. Her husband never gave her the attention she craved, sex with him was uninspiring. She being a traditional Lady was not ready for sex outside marriage & thus was chatting & visiting sex sites to satisfy her desires.

It took me long & had to persuade her hard just for a meeting. We agreed to meet over lunch at a restaurant in Village complex. As she was not ready to E mail her photograph to me all I knew about her was from the description she gave me.

On the designated day I was waiting for her in Restaurant not sure if she will turn up, then I saw a lady in Pink Saree entering, I recognized her as she had told me that she will come in that particular saree.

O waved at her & she came to my table.

Hi, I'm Naveen, you must me Meena ?

She paused & sat on chair opposite to me.

"So happy you could make it. Have any problems finding me?" I quizzed.

"No, no problems at all. I'm fairly familiar with this place." She said.

"Wow, must say you're much more beautiful than you described yourself in the E mail" I complimented.

Her boobs were very large.36-D, big boobs are always my weakness. She was very well built 5'6" and very sexy.

We talked for about two hours, initially she was shy but slowly she opned up.

We parted with promise to be in touch. This went on for about 5/6 months we met couple of times, but always in afternoon & in public place. She had stared opening up & we dicussed sex a lot. She had a fantasy to get sucked but her husband never did it to her. After long I was able to persuade her to try it. She was recultant & took over 3 months to decide on that. Finally lady luck smiled on me we decided to drive out to Manesar (Resort 80 Km from Delhi) as she would not like to be seen in any Delhi hotel with me.

We reached Manser Fort Hotel & checked in a room.

I quickly pulled her into my arms as the door closed. She was going to say say some thing but I just placed my lips on her "Her lips felt so warm and inviting as we engaged in a passionate long kiss. She at first did not let my tongue enter her mouth, slowly she started enjoying it and took my tongue in her mouth. My hands roaming on her back and teasing her bottom. I moved my lips down her neck and shoulders, teasingly nipping at her ears & hands under her kameej caressing her nipples over her bra. feeling them"
I removed her kameej and bra then my lips engulfed a nipple sucking and nipping my hands were rubbing and caressing her back hips over her salwar as I alternately paid homage to both breasts causing the nipples to bloom in my mouth.

I undid her shalwar dropping them to the ground. I laid her on the bed and pulled panties down and spread her legs. Spreading little more I inhaled her feminine musk, my thumbs spreading labia as my tongue dipped for the first sweet taste of her loving juices.

Pulling her clit into mouth I teased it with tongue and teeth, wishing her to respond to kissing and licking with a swelling and sensitivity. I could feel her push of hips towards my mouth and tongue indicating her desire for more." The entire time my hands were caressing her bottom and inner thighs.

Gently licking the pussy lips, I moved my fingers in and out of her wet cunt, faster and faster. Meena was moaning heavily and thrusting up her big buttocks, and rubbing her pussy on my mouth. I licked the lips hard and stroked her clit with the tip of his tongue.

He looked up & we both smiled. My licking became faster as I could feel the first sign of her impending orgasm. I felt that Meena couldn't stand it any more, I took her clit between my lips and licked it with hard fast strokes. Meena used both of her hands to press my head into her crotch and had her legs spread wide. Meena climaxed wildly, as I flicked her clit with my tongue.

Her juices were shining on my face. I looked up at her face, "Was that OK Meena ?

"WOW!, just OK it was terrific, it has been so long since I have experienced anything this intense."

"We kept whispering sweet word's to each other for long time & then Istarted to feel her entire body once again."

"She was getting aroused once again"

I made me lie on her back and started kissing her body, forehead neck, shoulder's, boobs, nipples, navel part then pussy, "keeping special attention on her legs and inner thigh's Over the course of 30 minutes, I kissed every inch of her body.

"Throughout this time she was moaning softly and squirming ever so slightly".

Finally, moving between her legs, I placed the head of my dick at the entrance of her dripping pussy. Looking down her eyes, I could see that she was ready.

Stop, please stop" she gasped.

"OK, I'll stop if you really want me to" I replied as I withdrew

Don't get me wrong. I just never planned on having sex with someone.

"I understand, I don't want to press you into something you're not ready for."

We sat there in silence not know what to say to each other next. She knew I was disappointed.

What happened I don't know but she got on her knees properly and slowly started lowering her head. She was looking at me lowering her face towards my dick and there was a love filled smile on her face. She opened her mouth and slowly started taking my dick in to her mouth .

"Meena I love you, that's lovely my darling"

She kept on sucking slowly.

Slowly and gently, she began to slide in and out on my dick. Each time, she increased the pressure of her mouth around I could feel my tongue sliding along the length of the shaft with each movement, as she pumped mouth in and out on my dick.

I could feel that I was getting close to cumming I began to moan her name, she didn't slow down & pumped harder and harder, each time when her head moved I was getting closer to cumming.

I was breathing faster. "I'm going to cum ", I whispered.

She stopped & looked up at me and smiled as I gently began to kiss my way up his body. Her eyes focussed on me, she saw my cock pointing straight at her.

Meena just smiled. I moved up to the bed, and got on to it, kneeling between her splayed legs.

"Just fuck me; that's all I want" to feel your hot cum deep in me"

I moved up over her, and I felt both of her hands close gently around my throbbing cock. I pulled her, and as I pushed my cock to her, she guided it into her awaiting pussy. I gave one thrust, and slid my entire length into her up to the hilt. She closed her eyes and gasped.

I bent down and kissed her softly and she responded. Our bodies started to move together, and I felt her fingernails claw into my buttocks.

She pulled me to her with every thrust, making my cock force it's way deep inside her with every stroke.

She closed eyes, and as I started to really ram into her, she linked her legs around my back and held on.

I fucked her as hard as I dared, and she gasped with every thrust I made into her. Her groaned louder and louder as her body started to twitch again, when suddenly she shuddered under me. I felt her pussy pulsate around my swollen cock, as she climaxed .

I kept hammering away at her, and I was not far behind. I could feel the sensations growing, and moments later I shuddered myself, feeling my cock expand yet more, as I thrust deeply into her, my thick cum being injected deep inside her gorgeous body.

We both breathlessly came down from our climaxes, and lay there, together, limp. I slipped from between her legs, exhausted, and Meena just moaned softly.

We lay there, side by side, exhausted from our passions. Caressing each other showing our love for each other. "For her its a beginning of new adventure life."
Then, before we headed for home, our tongues slobbered the insides of our mouths in another fabulous French kiss. Heaven? You bet!
