Sarah
by Viredae 

Sarah gets locked out 

Gary, my boyfriend, tends to play pranks on me, and I wouldn’t mind them so much, but his pranks always left me exposed and humiliated.

Take for instance the time we were out jogging in the morning, we were going to meet up with his brother to hang out, so we had to go back to his apartment and shower before we met up with him. I had some clothes over in his place, so it was no big deal.

We had worked up quite a sweat when we got there, and I was feeling pretty frisky, so I tried to seduce him:

“Need anything before I take a shower, sweaty?” I asked, trying to put on my best bedroom eyes and sexiest voice.

“Nah, go ahead.” Gary brushed me off, I frowned, wondering if I was too subtle, but I was too embarrassed to pursue this any further, I shrugged and got into the shower.

Despite being upset, my libido didn’t go away, and I didn’t want to masturbate in the shower, sadly, due to my preoccupation, I also didn’t notice Gary sneaking in and stealing all the clothes and towels from the bathroom.

When I got out, I searched around and couldn’t find anything, I was puzzled and decided to go out in search of some of my clothes that I had left there, I wasn’t bothered being naked in Gary’s apartment, since I had been in this state before, so I wasn’t really surprised by anything.

“Honey, where did you put my clothes?” I called out, seeing how Gary was nowhere to be found, however, his reply came from outside the apartment.

“Hey Sweety, I have them with me, but can you help me out a little here?” I was flustered, I wanted to tell him that I was naked, but I didn’t want to shout it out in case anyone heard.

I tiptoed over to the door where he was, and before I knew what was going on, the door blew open, and in one swift motion, my boyfriend grabbed me, shoved me outside and latched the door, and so I was stuck outside in the hallway naked.

“Gary! What the hell!?” I nearly shouted his name, but I didn’t want to alert the neighbors to any disturbance, the only thing worse than being out here naked was the neighbors watching it as it happened.

My hands had flown up quite naturally to cover myself in classic ENF fashion, but it was too late, Gary had snapped a picture of me in the hallway fully nude, he told me to put my arms down, and I did, which prompted a few more pics.

“Okay, you had your fun, what do I have to do to get back in?” I knew what Gary was thinking, it was the typical fashion with his pranks, worse yet, he knew I would go along with it because, in all honesty, I loved it.

“Easy, lay down and masturbate.” Gary gave the command, I knew that he would make me do something this embarrassing.

“Can I at least come back in and do it inside?” I tried to bargain, though that was probably futile on my part, considering my position.

nope, do it right where you are, I don’t want you dirtying up the inside of the apartment.” Okay, that was kinda mean, Gary was referring to my tendency to squirt when orgasming, and a part of me wanted to refuse him, but another part knew he had won completely and had total control over me, and then common sense just went out the door when yet another part argued that I would love it.

I laid down on the ground and spread my legs open, I let my hands do their work as one latched onto my breasts and the other started flicking my clit, I was pretty horny as it was so the orgasm was coming quick, I looked back at Gary and saw the phone still recording.

“Those are just for you, right?” I managed to get out as two of my fingers slipped into my pussy, I knew what his response would be, but I wanted to hear it.

“Nope, I’ll be sharing these with all our friends.” and that set me off, it hit me that I was laying down stark butt naked in the middle of the hallway and masturbating after being tricked by my boyfriend, and I was now having the most amazing orgasm, my juices squirted out on the hallway floor, my voice barely kept in.

I was breathing heavily, recovering from my orgasm when I heard a voice:

“Hi Sarah, good to see you.” It was Mike, Gary’s brother, looking at me lying there with the biggest grin on his face.


Sarah Gets Stripped at a party

I should have expected foul play from my boyfriend Gary, I should have sensed something was fishy when he personally invited me to the party at his apartment this evening, where he invited a good deal of our coworkers and friends.

And yet I never expected him to be so brazen, so uncouth and so… So humiliating!

The party itself started out quite normally, people mingling about, having fun, dancing with the music, and, quite possibly, there was some booze but nothing major, the best most people at the party could manage was a healthy buzz, something I wished was more prevalent, people getting more drunk might have helped me avoid my fate, though, in hindsight, it might have caused more trouble.

The party continued as any normal party would, with one exception, as the affair began to slowly die down, Gary made a shocking announcement:

“How about it folks, are you up for a little spicy game?” the crowd cheered back up from the lull it had sunk into just a moment ago, I felt a knot in my stomach.

“We’ll each draw a card from this deck and show it to everyone, the people with the highest number, aces then face cards and so on, will get to pull out, the rest keep playing.

Gary continued explaining the rules:

”We’ll keep going like this until we have the last person, that’s our loser, and what does that loser have to do?” Shouts with lewd suggestions came flying out

“ Have them do a silly dance!”

”Make them streak outside!”

“Give them a spanking!”

“Come on folks, think of something spicier!” Gary riled up the crowd further, making sure everyone was excited “How about they stay naked the entire night, and everyone gets to touch.”

I breathed a sigh of relief, I was still nervous, at first thinking (rightly so, it turned out) that this was another of Gary’s pranks, designed to embarrass me, but this was such a long shot I didn’t imagine I could end up losing, I imagined Gary had devised such a game with that very thing in mind.

Gary began giving out cards, reminding everyone that aces were high, I flipped my card over, a queen of spades! So close, but I was still in the game, as all the cards went out and thus the kings and aces were higher than mine.

Next round I got a 5 of hearts, nowhere near the top of the list, I was still in the game and so 8 of the 50 or so guests were already out of the game.

Next round was the same, a 7 of spades, but the most galling aspect of this round was that Gary had pulled an ace, so he was out of the game, he told everyone he was going to keep handing out the cards.

This continued on, I kept on believing that at any point now I was going to get the high card, but that moment never came, the pit in my stomach grew and grew as twelve players remained, then nine, then eight, then six, sometimes it was close, and sometimes it wasn’t.

Then there were two other players left, I was shaking from disbelief, I looked at my card and my heart nearly leapt from joy, a king!

The odds that either of the two other players, a girl named Jessica and a man named Paul, both of whom were my co-workers, had anything higher than a king was nearly impossible.

But nearly impossible is leagues apart from completely impossible, I nearly fainted when both Paul and Jessica revealed aces of their own, and I couldn’t even prepare myself for this likelihood, it came so suddenly.

I didn’t even have time to object or bargain, I felt hands on my dress, unzipping it and pulling it down, I was left standing there in a thong in front of nearly fifty people! And even that was short lived as I could feel fingers dig into the waistband and pull it down, there I was, completely naked, to everyone’s cheers and laughter!

This was the boldest Gary had been, I’d usually be seen by two or three people at most, and as Gary always would, he’d taunt and tease me about it, inviting the people to grope me or photograph me, it turned both of us on, but this? This was a whole new level!

But I couldn’t really talk back anymore, I went along with the game and would have been perfectly fine having someone else humiliated in my place, even if it was Gary himself, but in the end it was me who lost, so now I had to go around the party, getting my picture taken by and with everyone, not to mention getting my breasts squeezed, my nipples tweaked and my ass smacked and pinched constantly, there were even a few bold souls who managed to get their fingers on my pussy and clit.

TO make matters worse, everyone knew I could not rebuff anyone’s advances, I have to say it didn’t take long before I was pretty horny, and visibly so.

“Hey honey, how are you feeling?” Gary came over and rubbed my shoulder, but despite his attempt to make me feel better, all I could think of was the feeling of his clothes’ fabric against my bare skin.

“I’m a bit flustered, honestly.” I replied to the best of my ability, hoping not to show my arousal too much, but seeing how it was Gary, he probably knew very well.

“Tell you what, how about we play one more game, if you win, I’ll give you my clothes, if you lose, you do a forfeit and get dressed, either way, it’s over quickly.” It was at that point that I suspected foul play from Gary, but sadly, my brain was focused on the escape from this tantalizing situation, and my body even reacted strongly to the idea of even further humiliation, so I was not in the best mindset to suss this out.

I agreed, and Gary announced the extra round to everyone, I would play one more round with Gary, and as he went first, he pulled a 5 of diamonds, it was such a low number, I thought I had won, I revealed my card, it was a 2 of clubs.

I was thoroughly humiliated, and I hadn’t even done my forfeit yet, that came immediately after as Gary took my hand and led me to the couch, he spread my legs open as we sat down and began playing with my body, softly caressing my breasts and teasing my pussy, I was moaning in response to his expert hands, but that didn’t last long.

I was surprised when he pulled his hands away and informed me that my forfeit was to cum for everyone, my humiliation was complete as I took over, and unlike Gary’s tender touches, I was far more vulgar, I mauled at my breasts and pumped my fingers in and out of my pussy as my coworkers and friends watched on and captured this shame on video, I knew that by next week everyone in my office would have seen me naked, groped, molested and finally bringing myself to orgasm.

That last thought pushed me over the edge as I creamed the couch beneath me, juices squirting out abundantly.

“Well done sweetie, I knew you’d put on a great show, good thing I marked the cards.” Gary revealed his true plan as he began playing with my breasts, tweaking my nipples just hard enough to make me wince in surprise more than pain, I was tricked into stripping and putting on one of the most embarrassing and humiliating displays of my entire life.

Despite having orgasmed mere moments ago, that revelation sent me reeling as I felt myself growing aroused yet again, I didn’t care that I was technically allowed to dress again, my hands went back to work again of their own accord as I brought myself to another orgasm.

And that wasn’t the end of the night, I was told I could get dressed again, but I chose to extend my lewd and pleasurably naked stay, and everyone, correctly guessing how much I was enjoying this, escalated my humiliation as I found myself on the receiving end of many more orgasms before the end of the night.

I entertained the idea of getting Gary back for doing this to me, but only for a brief moment before I was once again focused on my own pleasure.


Sarah in the Stocks

Gary’s antics were getting out of hand!

Thankfully, I was not fired from my job after my humiliation at the party, but I was getting a lot more side-eyes and some of my coworkers even relished in bringing up videos of me masturbating.

I was even forced to work a whole day naked and masturbate at the end of it, but that’s a whole different story.

Gary and I were out having fun at a renaissance fair one day, it appears that Gary had friends who worked there and he wanted to go and check it out, it seemed like a lot of fun as we wandered around, got some medieval-themed snacks and enjoyed the costumed workers as they went about their day.

Gary had stopped in front of a small tent with “be a parte of this worlde” sign, he asked if I wanted to try and play a little dress up, I thought it would be fun so I agreed.

Inside there were several costumes that we could use for this event, we started going through them and Gary showed me a dress with massive cleavage.

“Only the prettiest… and easiest of the village girls wear this dress.” Gary joked, I feigned displeasure at his insinuation, but I was just playing along:

“Are you calling me easy?” I asked my hands at my hips.

“Easy on the eyes,” Gary responded with a kiss, and I immediately reciprocated, soon this turned into a full-blown makeout session, I wasn’t quite aware that Gary was slowly undressing me, I was too engrossed in his kisses when I found myself completely naked, and before I knew it, I was out the tent flap and into the public, stark butt naked and with no cover in front of dozens of strangers!

I probably did the worst thing I could have done in this situation, shriek loudly and cover my naughty bits with my hands, but not bothering to move back into the tent or anything sensible like that, this gave the fair workers enough time to gather at my location and declare me a harlot!

Of course, no normal renaissance fair would do this, but I had failed to think this through and was swept up in their theatrics, and now I was put in chains and paraded around everyone naked.

People laughed and jeered at my humiliating display, some even stepped forward to cop a feel or two, my breasts and ass were treated to more than a few pinches, squeezes, and smacks before we reached a set of stockades, and soon enough I was locked in and unable to move my head and arms, bent over and giving everyone a clear view of my pussy and asshole.

“Äs your first of three punishments, you shall receive corporal punishment from the people as penitence to them!” A crier stood in front of me and announced in a booming voice, much to the delight of the crowd.

And so began my punishment, I was soon feeling hands smacking against my displayed butt, I was getting spanked by the crowd around me, I wasn’t even able to count how many times I’d been smacked in the rear, but what I could tell was that this was not the extent of my ordeal, I felt many hands sneak their way to grope and play with my hanging breasts, I felt many fingers sneak their way into my pussy, both of which regrettably betrayed me and began showing signs of arousal.

“Excuse me! Excuse me!” Salvation had come, I heard Gary’s voice over the bustling throngs that surrounded me, and the crier called out for silence, everyone listened, and I was, for the moment, spared further indignity as the crowd fell back and created space for my husband to plead with the crier.

“Hi, I’m this lady’s boyfriend, there must be a misunderstanding here.” Gary attempted to reason with the crier but received nothing but boos from the crowd, nevertheless, he pushed on “Can’t you let her go? Just this once!”

“That is unacceptable, harlots must be punished, and so must their companions!” The crier rebutted, and the crowd cheered for Gary’s inadvertent involvement:

“Your punishment shall be to shame yourself, by displaying the sight you hold in highest privilege, and the act your companion holds most private!” It took me a second to process what was being said, but before I could respond, the crier spelled it out “you must show us your companion’s climax.”

I near flinched, they wanted Gary to show them MY orgasm? How was that a punishment to him!?

“Come on!” Gary protested, but nobody was having it.

“If you do not comply, you will be forced into the stocks as well, and be subjected to the same punishment!” The crier escalated the threat, Gary had no choice.

“I’m sorry honey…” Gary whispered in my ear, and I wanted to kick myself as I felt my loins tingle in anticipation, to think being subjected to this humiliation would turn me on!

Gary’s hands were as gentle and skilled as ever, softly massaging my breasts as his fingers tweaked my nipples and caressed my wet lips, the effect was even more pronounced after the rough treatment of the crowd, and I could not help but moan almost immediately, earning me jeers from the crowd and the labels “slut” and “harlot”, among other things, were tossed around.

It wasn’t long before Gary’s fingers found themselves inside of me, my body did its best to rock back and forth with the rhythm of his movement, I was lost deep in ecstasy, and I was about to hit my orgasm when:

“Stop!”

Gary’s hands retreated, and I was left humping the air in desperation, seeking release from the agonizing state I was left in, so close to the edge, yet so far away.

“You have received your punishment admirably, however, for the shame to be complete, your companion must declare her own depravity in penitence, she must bring herself to climax by her own hands!”

And so my right hand was released from the stocks, but nothing else, I stopped for a moment, considering the implication; I had to essentially admit that I was a “harlot” to everyone here, and I had to do it by fingering myself to orgasm.

God, how I hated the fact that the mere thought of doing so drove me over the edge, I don’t even remember moving my hand, I only realized that my fingers were deep in my pussy, pumping away when I was cumming, my orgasm hit like a freight train as my juices gushed out like a breaking dam for everyone to see.

My fingers didn’t stop, wave after wave of orgasm crashed over my body as I convulsed violently, barely able to stay standing as the strength left my shaky legs, the last thing I remember was the crowd cheering wildly.

I don’t know how long I blacked out, but I came to when the stocks were unlocked and I slumped onto the ground, Gary helped me up to my knees, and I couldn’t help but notice the bulge in his pants that was staring me in the face.

“Your final punishment is to apologize to your companion, for you have dragged them through hell in your debauchery.” I believe the crier was addressing me with that declaration, but I was only half-listening as I undid the buttons on Gary’s pants and let his penis out, I stared at it hungrily for a second before taking it in my mouth.

I don’t know how pent up Gary was, but he didn’t last long, I barely managed to get into a rhythm with my head bobbing when Gary announced that he was ready to cum, I let the semen flow into my mouth and let Gary’s flaccid cock out of my mouth once he was fully drained, I swallowed the deposit, still in my mouth, in one go.

The crowd began clapping as the crier announced my absolution, Gary helped me up and led me away from the crowd, who were content to let us go on our merry way.

“Come on, the tent with your clothes is this way,” Gary gently ushered me back to the tent, thinking back on it, there must have been people staring at me walking around dazed and butt naked, but I don’t think I had the capacity to notice them “So what did you think?”

“What?” Still, in a stupor, I tried to parse what Gary meant by that.

“I set this up with my friends who work here, that was him, the crier,” Gary explained, and I slowly began piecing things together as my brain kicked back into action “I figured you’d enjoy that sort of prank, and by the looks of it, you had a blast.”

I stepped away from Gary for a moment, still stumbling, I tripped over to a bench that was behind me, looking up in shock as I came to realize what had transpired, Gary had tricked me yet again, I was duped into debasing myself in front of dozens of strangers by yet another of his pranks.

I wanted to get angry, I wanted to get back at him for this, I told myself that I had to give him a taste of his own medicine, that I will leave him defeated and humiliated in front of everyone, and as that thought crystallized in my mind, I noticed that my hands were moving on their own, my breasts and pussy were under assault.

I fingered myself to yet another orgasm right there on the bench.


Chapter 4 Sarah gets hustled

Okay, so this one was my fault.

Gary would often invite me to go out drinking with him, but I was always too busy or too tired to do so, I didn’t really mind him going, so I always sent him off to hang out with his guy friends.

This time, I was feeling pretty energetic so I took him up on his offer, the bar was fairly clean and well lit, there seemed to be plenty of couples there as well as single people, but I noticed a lot of people knew Gary there, I guess he was pretty popular.

We hung out for a while, getting drinks and introducing myself to Gary’s friends, they were very welcoming, asking how a schlub like Gary could get a knockout like me, I was pretty flattered at the compliments, and I hit it off with them.

I noticed a pool table in the corner and asked if Gary wanted to play with me, he declined, saying he’s not that good at it.

That’s when I got a brilliant idea; Gary had humiliated me time after time in front of everyone I know and even in front of complete strangers, so this was my chance to get back at him, there was a good chunk of women here, so I figured I could even let them cop a few feels of his naked body and get a couple of pictures of him naked.

I began teasing Gary and calling him chicken, I could tell Gary was getting irritated, so I pushed him further:

“Okay, how about the loser gets on the pool table and strips naked in front of everyone.” Gary’s friends were hollering and laughing, egging him on, and he tried to ask me not to do this, but I wasn’t listening.

“Go for it Sarah, Gary can’t sink a ball to save his life.” one of Gary’s friends poked fun at him, and I could see him squirm.

“Not enough? How about the loser gives everyone here free access to play with their body?” More cheers and whoops from Gary’s friends and I think here Gary had enough, he accepted the wager and we began playing.

I broke and sank one of the balls with my first shot, neither of us sunk anything in the first few turns, but I could tell my shots came closer to sinking the balls, I got even more cocky and raised the stakes, I told Gary that the loser not only will the loser strip naked on the pool table, but they would also have to masturbate to orgasm on it, at this point everyone in the bar was watching us play, wondering how this would play out.

I was completely unaware I had dug my own grave here.

Gary agreed and took his shot, that shot was better than any shot either of us made that day, and without missing any shots, Gary proceeded to sink one ball after the next, I couldn’t believe my eyes as the eightball went into the corner pocket, signaling my loss.

I would later find out that the reason Gary thought he was bad at the game is that many of the people in this bar were professional pool players and so on average, everyone was pretty good at it, Gary was still one of the worst players there, but even so, he was leagues better than me, who barely knew how to play.

And so I found myself standing on top of the pool table, getting naked, I hesitated to follow through on ther rest of the wager, Gary cleared his throat letting me know full well that there was no escape.

And so I started squeezing my boobs before I let a couple of fingers enter my pussy, I was so embarrassed and humiliated at my own hubris that led me to this point, it didn’t long before I found myself squirting as I stood there on top of the pool table.

Next, I had to go around the bar and let everyone play with my body, my boobs were fondled and my butt spanked and squeezed and I was even made to bend over so that everyone could spank me.

Of course, Gary didn’t neglect to record this entire humiliating act, he had taken several photos and videos of me stripping, squirting, and presenting my body to everyone, and I had noticed many of the bar’s patrons were doing the same.

At the end of the night, the bartender told us to pose for a few group shots on account of the occasion, I was front and center of this picture, sitting on a bar table with my legs spread open and masturbating, he took several of me before, during and after orgasm, Gary told me that those pictures were hanging on the wall to this day.

Everyone had, in the meanwhile, hidden my clothes and decided that I should go home naked, and since we came over in a cab, we had no other way to get home, the driver was surprised at first, but when he tried asking why I was naked, Gary produced my panties and stuffed them into my mouth, he then told the cabbie that I lost a bet and had to stay naked, I nodded in defeated agreement.

That wasn’t the end of it, since I had to sit in the back seat with Gary, he took full advantage of my nudity and silence to grope me and finger me to another orgasm as we made our way back to our apartment, the driver was so fixated on the show I was providing it was a miracle we didn’t get into an accident, it was also good that he didn’t get upset at the puddle of cum I left on his backseat.

When we finally made it to the building, I barely took a few steps into the apartment before I had to take a seat and masturbate on our couch, with my panties still inside my mouth, I was just that horny despite cumming so many times already.

Gary didn’t make a big deal out of my attempt at stripping him, but I wasn’t about to give up on trying to get him back.


Chapter 5 - Sarah Naked at the Beach

This was my chance to get Gary back!

It was around the end of summer that Gary told me about his friend who had heard of this private beach with limited access, and was willing to talk to the managers so we can get access to it, so we were both very excited to go there.

Now, I was always looking for an opportunity to pull a fast one on Gary and leave him as humiliated as he had left me so many times before, and I thought this was a prime opportunity to exact my revenge on him.

I was so fixated on the idea I was beginning to fantasize about it, about distracting him and stealing his swimming trunks, forcing him to come out on land and having everyone laugh and point at him, I might even let a few girls play with his flopping dick, that would surely get him hard, and I would use that to make him cum in front of everyone.

I continued to contemplate the idea, and I decided to include a couple of my friends in the act, I called them and convinced them to come, as long as I could get them access to the beach, I begrudgingly accepted, and this meant that I had to go talk to Gary’s friend.

I managed to get his number out of Gary’s phone and called him up, he agreed to get my friends into the beach provided I did something for him, I knew where this was going; he told me that he’d heard about all the sorts of stuff I was made to do by Gary, and he knew I had plenty of videos posted of me online, but he wanted something of his own, and so he said he’d do it if I sent him a video of me masturbating naked.

Now, this wasn’t really that bad of a deal, after all, it’s not like the internet wasn’t plastered with videos of me masturbating and worse, but it was the idea that not only did everyone know about me, but they were more than willing to push me around and make me do such humiliating things in exchange for the simplest favors.

I bit the bullet and reminded myself that this was all to get Gary back, so I got naked and started recording a video of myself masturbating for him, and true to his word, my friends later told me that they received a call from him telling them that they were allowed in, and so everything was in place to enact my plan.

And so came the day of our trip to the beach, I had, as planned, worn a one piece suit tight enough to show off my curves and also to keep from falling off or being easily removed, while Gary was wearing a set of normal swimming trunks.

At the beach’s entrance the guard stopped us, Gary showed him our invite and the guard, after examining it, was about to let us in until he saw and stopped me.

“Sorry ma’am, you can’t come in like that.” The guard blocked my way, I was shocked and puzzled at this, I asked him why, he pointed at a sign near the entrance “You see ma’am, this is a topless beach, and I can’t let you in wearing that swimsuit.”

My jaw dropped, I looked over at Gary and saw the knowing look in his eyes, he kept that little piece of information to himself just so he could catch me by surprise, to be fair, this wasn’t even close to being his worst prank played on me, though I wouldn’t put it past him to have some plan to escalate the humiliation.

“Fine, I’ll just lower the swimsuit down to my waist.” Defeated, I resigned myself to exposing my breasts on this beach, it would make my revenge a little less sweet, but I would be normally dressed while Gary had to contend with being fully naked, and then the guard dropped the bombshell on me.

“Sorry ma’am, but that won’t do, I can’t guarantee that you won’t just put it back on, the whole thing’s gotta go.” And so the guard smacked me with a twist that pulverized my plans to dust, worst yet, I had been hoisted by my own petard, as Gary would have no idea on what type of suit I’d wear, or that the beach would enforce their rules so ludicrously, my hands shakily pushed the suit down my hips and legs until it crumpled down near my feet.

Now that I was naked, stripping Gary naked as well could only be so humiliating, let’s be fair, if the two of us were naked, people would probably focus more on me, and Gary would find a way to make it worse.

But once again I soldiered on, humiliating Gary even a little would still be a victory for me, and I still had my girlfriends waiting inside and ready to help me humiliate him, so I had the advantage inside, but for now I was naked, and I was the only one.

Once inside, the staring, pointing and laughing began, this was not how it was supposed to go, it was supposed to be Gary who got stripped and laughed at by everyone while I would be the one squeezing his ass as he shrunk in humiliation, but once again it was me in that role.

“Oh my god, I can’t believe this!” I heard a familiar voice coming from behind us, and right on cue, here come my friends Melissa and Star, ready to witness my abject failure. “You got stripped again!? Already!?”

I felt my body heat surge without limit, I was covering my privates in shame as my very friends came over, laughing and teasing at the sight before them, and because everyone was already used to seeing me naked like this, they had no misgivings about pinching my hardening nipples and smacking my exposed rear.

“And after all that effort you put into trying to trick Gary into stripping, you managed to fuck it up.” Uh oh.

“Sorry, what?” Gary’s ears perked up at the mention of my plot, this was the worst possible outcome.

“Oh yeah, she had this whole elaborate plan about how she was going to seduce you and strip you naked, then parading you around the beach and letting everyone play with you until you came.” yeah, keep running your mouth Melissa, you’re doing great! “You know, the typical thing that happens to her.”

“Well, not really, I don’t think she ever got DP’ed in front of everyone before, that’s why we brought the strap-ons.” Goddammit Star.

“Well, that’s not very nice.” Gary said in a condescending tone, giving one of my nipples a firm pinch that produced a yelp out of me and, as much as I didn’t want to admit it, it made me so unbelievably wet “I think you deserve a little punishment, what do you girls think?”

“Yeah!” Melissa and Star turned on me right there on the spot, and any hope of me getting Gary back evaporated with their betrayal.

And so began my humiliating parade, at first I had my hands tied behind my back with my own swimsuit as Gary took a couple of commemorative photos, and then I found myself bent over and spanked in front of everyone, the laughing and pointing only increased, and my friends took advantage of my prone state to grope my dangling breasts, all while Gary took the time to tease my pussy as he delivered hard and stinging smacks to my bottom.

I was then straightened back up and held in place as Gary slowly fondled me and fingered me until I came to a squirting orgasm, it didn’t take long thanks to my exposure and Gary’s earlier teasing and spanking, my juices gushed down my thighs as my hips bucked with uncontrollable pleasure in front of hundreds of strangers, no doubt all laughing at me and recording me.

That was only the beginning as my two friends used the very strap-ons I intended to use on Gary to spit-roast me in front of everyone, and Gary soon joined them, making me blow him until he came in my mouth, I was kicking myself knowing how badly this backfired.

Once I was sufficiently debased, I had to stay naked for the duration of the planned trip, and since no one was willing to leave early on account of this special opportunity, that meant I was naked in front of everyone for hours, and whenever someone talked to us, Gary and everyone else would invite them to touch me, this led to many more orgasms as complete strangers were offered to grope me, and when they were not told to stop, kept going until I was being fingered to another squirting orgasm.

Of course, the more often this happened, the braver people got, soon I was no longer enjoying the beach, I was too occupied with a half dozen hands mauling at my body and bringing me to one orgasm after another with no breaks in between, I had essentially become a public use toy.

I was so exhausted by the end of the day, I didn’t notice that Gary and the girls had taken my swimsuit and ran back to the car right away, leaving me naked and alone, I rushed to the parking lot as soon as I noticed, and was greeted by the car leaving with everyone waving at me, I gave chase all the way to the street, and I still wasn’t let in, I was left to run around naked for the amusement of Gary and my friends.

I was eventually let into the car, where I was sandwiched between Star and Mel who continued to play with my body, not aggressively enough to make me cum again, but enough to make me squirm in impatience and arousal, at this point I was completely exhausted and unable to resist, I just sat there limply as they amused themselves.

We finally got home to our apartment, I was told to sit with my back against the apartment door as one last video was recorded:

“Sarah, do you remember how many orgasms you had today?”Gary asked, quite certain neither of us knew the answer to that one.

“No, I lost count.” I answered meekly, the answer putting a bullet point on how much indignity I’ve suffered through.

“Do you think you can cum again?” Gary asked the more important question, it was obvious what was coming, or more appropriately, what was cumming.

“I don’t know.” I lied, despite the constant climaxing of today, as sore as my pussy felt, I knew for a fact that I could still orgasm, and quite easily at that, I stopped squirting a while ago, but that was it.

“You better hope you can, because I won’t let you in until you cum while apologizing for trying to strip me.” Gary could be so cruel sometimes, but I knew I had no choice but to obey.

I let my fingers do their job, slipping into my squelching wet pussy as my hips bounced up and down on the apartment floor, I began saying how sorry I was, how I shouldn’t have tried to strip my boyfriend, I knew how unfair it was that he kept stripping me but I couldn’t get him back, and how I’m being forced to apologize for trying, and so the dam broke, I began to speak unbidden, I started saying how stupid I was for even thinking about it, how I’m always the one who ends up naked because I want to be naked, how I only fall for these pranks because I’m such a slut, and so on and so forth.

The harder I verbally insulted myself, the hotter I felt myself getting, and so I kept on demeaning myself until I could stand it no longer, my body shook with the thunderous climax, this was the biggest orgasm of my entire life, caught on camera might I add.

I was finally let inside, but I didn’t get dressed, I served everyone drinks while naked, and had to obey their every command, which of course chalked up a couple more orgasms to today’s streak.

At the end of the night, I finally collapsed on our bed, and even then, despite everything that happened to me, I found my hand creeping down to my soaking wet pussy.


Chapter 6 - Sarah Naked on the Pier

It has been a while since the last time I got stripped by Gary, despite secretly admitting to myself that I enjoyed all of the ordeals Gary put me through, I was not vocally against Gary stopping, and so since I sorta gave up on the idea of getting him back for now, I assumed he’d left me be as well.

I was wrong, on many levels.

The next time something happened was when we were heading to the pier for a day off, it was a week before halloween and the weather was real nice, not too warm but warm enough to wear a light summer dress that Gary asked me to wear.

I was really into Gary, not to mention that outside of his embarrassing pranks he was the sweetest guy I knew, so I figured it was okay to go along with this suggestion.

The pier itself was very crowded, it was a weekend so a lot of people showed up to undo all the stress of the week with the multitude of kiosks and rides, many of the places sported the early decorations of the autumn season. And many were even out wearing their costumes out already!

“What should we ride first?” I asked Gary, looking around at all the attractions available to us.
“How about the ferris wheel?” Gary pointed at the ferris wheel that was the landmark of this pier, it sounded like a great idea to see the entire place from above, so I went along with it.

Naturally, we weren’t wrong and the view was amazing, I may have been acting a little too giddy as we ascended to the peak of the wheel.

“I love this view.” I breathed out.

“I love this view more.” Gary said as he looked me up and down, I was feeling pretty good about wearing the dress, even more when he scooted over to my side and started making out with me.

I was getting pretty hot as I didn’t resist Gary taking my bra and panties off without even removing my dress, his hands wandered around, squeezing my breasts and even fingering me just a bit before time ran out and we neared the final round of the wheel’s trip.

When we got off the ride, I failed to notice Gary locking the door on my dress, this meant that when the wheel continued to allow people to get off, my dress was pulled up until it was completely off my body.

I was completely humiliated as Gary pleaded with the operator (who I later found out promised a little something extra by Gary) to turn the wheel back, obviously, he refused. I was extremely panicked, whenever my eyes weren’t glued to the cabin from which my dress was fluttering, I was constantly glancing around me to make sure no one saw too much of me, which I wasn’t even sure was possible as so many people were already staring at me, some were laughing, some seemed to feel pity for me (not enough to give me anything to wear, though), and some were simply enjoying my blatant humiliation as they photographed and video recorded me.

“Sorry honey, no dice.” Gary mumbled sheepishly and shrugged as he returned to my side.

“Well there has to be so-” I didn’t get to finish my thought as Gary grabbed my arms and twisted them behind my back, next thing I heard was the clicking of metal against metal as something wrapped itself around my wrists.

I was handcuffed.

“Wha…” I wasn’t even capable of reacting to what just happened, I was now fully exposed in front of dozens of people and powerless to cover anything up, I felt Gary’s hand squeeze my ass.

“I thought you might have wanted a little break from being stripped since last time,” Gary whispered in my ear, and I could feel a little chill run through my spine “but you seemed to be a little sexually frustrated, even though we’ve been having more sex.”

I couldn’t believe this, it’s true that I was a little out of sorts lately, and even I couldn’t put my finger on the problem, but the idea that I missed getting stripped and humiliated in public boggled even my mind, could it really be the reason why?

Almost as if in response, one of Gary’s fingers snuck its way to my pussy lips, I couldn’t believe how electrifying one touch could be as the finger barely grazed my them.

“I -” and once again, before I could even muster a response, I found myself silenced, this time by something being stuffed into my mouth and gagging me, they were my panties.

Almost as if gagging me freed up some of my brain’s ability to notice the world around me, I was suddenly painfully aware of the people staring at me, pointing and laughing at my humiliating and degrading appearance, those with children shooed them away and covered their sight as to shield them from my debauchery, and I wasn’t even aware that I could come this close to orgasm just by being seen.

“It’s not going to be that much fun just standing here, let’s go.” Gary’s hand pulled back and squeezed a butt cheek before giving it a good smack, I had a mini-orgasm right there on the spot “I guess I was right, look at how wet your pussy is, you’re leaking like a faucet.”

My body was reacting to this situation the way a starving man reacted to a feast laid out in front of him, ravenous could not begin to describe my loins’ conditions.

I then felt Gary’s fingers slip into my pussy with practically zero resistance, I experienced another mini-orgasm, and I felt him pull me forward that way, I was literally being led around by my boyfriend through the pier by my pussy.

It occured to me at that moment that he had me literally wrapped around his finger, I wasn’t even sure how I was still able to resist having the biggest orgasm of my life right then and there.

I was slowly led through the pier’s walkways as people watched in morbid curiosity a naked woman with panties stuffed in her mouth being led around by the pussy, many snickered and spoke in hushed voices, I heard many derogatory words thrown my way, each one making my pussy pulse with ecstasy, I didn’t notice us reaching our destination, a theater hall that was used during special events, until we were right at its steps.

Gary led me around to the backstage of the theater, and once we were on the stage proper, the curtains parted to reveal a fully occupied audience, I saw a sign hanging above me:

LIVE EROTIC SHOW

This was prepared especially for me, I felt myself being turned back around by Gary to face the crowd, and without skipping a beat, he began playing with my breasts and fingering my pussy as I stood there on stage.

The crowd began to chant:

“Make her squirt!”

Gary’s fingers took on the chant’s rhythm, despite knowing for a fact that this was the most turned on I’ve been in my life, I futilely attempted to resist, bur it was no use, I was slowly inched to orgasm, and Gary delivered the final blow:

“Come on honey, you know you want to cum in front of everyone.”

I lost total control at that moment, I screamed through the panties in ecstasy as my juices squirted out onto the stage in front of everyone and I experienced the greatest orgasm of my life to date as I fell to my knees.

“I want to thank you all for coming here tonight, you’ve made Sarah’s day.” Gary shouted out to the crowd below “But there’s one person who deserves special thanks this evening, come on up!”

I saw the same Ferris wheel operator who refused to cooperate in retrieving my dress earlier climb onto the stage, it really drove home how easily I was convinced that I had to stay naked, and it made Gary’s words about me secretly wanting to experience this sort of humiliation a more present thought in my head.

The operator stopped in front of me and unzipped his pants, his cock right there in front of my face, I knew what was being asked of me, I had been going out with Gary for a while now and the idea of sucking off anyone else almost felt wrong, but my pussy was insisting otherwise, maybe it was my lust speaking, but my brain was rationalizing the idea with the fact that it was Gary who was giving me permission.

Now on my hands and knees, I opened my mouth and began sucking the operator’s hard cock, bobbing my head back and forth as my tongue wrapped around the stiff length of it.

As I sucked away, I felt my pussy lips parting behind me, the familiar sensation of Gary’s hard shaft entering me instantly made me moan with pleasure, not only was I having sex with Gary in front of a live audience, I was being spitroasted by a complete stranger, and it was the best sex I’ve had in ages!

I knew it, Gary was right! There was no competition between all I had felt today and the long stretch of frustration that came before it, if only at that moment, I was convinced I needed this sort of humiliation to be satisfied, and as soon as that thought entered my head, I felt myself orgasm again as hot cum filled my mouth and pussy.

The last thing I remember was the cheers of the crowd as I finally collapsed on the stage in a messy heap of semen, sweat and my own juices, fully aware that there was probably nowhere in our town that I could go and not be recognized as the lady who keeps getting stripped, humiliated and brought to orgasm in public.

That didn’t sound too bad, honestly, especially considering how everyone else began treating me, but that’s another story.