Kaylee's Gift to the World
by BangkokMan

Chapter 1 - The Gift for the Boys: A View Before Class

Kaylee Giordano strolled slowly down the walkway through the central quad of Southern Cendalia University, hand in hand with her handsome boyfriend,  gradually making her way to Multivariable Calculus class in the EH Fromdig Science & Math Building. They were about 20 minutes early today and in no rush. Just four weeks into the new term, Kaylee was very happy with her status in life. She had worked so hard over the last 3 years of high school and was now attending one of the top universities in her sunny state. She didn’t have to head to the cold northeast to one of her backup schools. Yay! Kaylee was a very bright young woman with a great career, probably in medicine, in her future. On top of that, her boyfriend Nathan Wigglesworth of 2 years had been accepted at the same school on a full athletic (football) scholarship. A quarterback, Nathan was currently battling it out with a senior for the starting spot in the lineup on Saturday.

The daughter of a Thai mother and Italian father, Kaylee was a true head spinner. At 5’ 10” (178 cm) with tan olive colored skin, long straight black hair that came to about 8 inches above her waist, and piercing chestnut brown eyes, she was debatably the hottest freshman on campus. Her long legs and muscular, rounded ass were just mouth-wateringly amazing, and she enjoyed showing off these features in her daily fashion choices. Today she wore a short white bubble skirt with a daisy flower pattern that only extended halfway down her thighs and a peach sweetheart neck blouse that nicely showed off the cleavage of her firm 36 C breasts. Those were literally the only 2 items of clothing (in addition to blue sandals) she wore on her body today. Clueless Nathan, if asked, would have guessed she wore at least 4 items.

Despite dating for 2 years, sex was not part of their relationship. Kaylee was fairly conservative when it came to actual sexual relationships with boys. Oddly, intercourse or physical sexual activity with boys ( or girls for that matter) was not what turned her on. Nathan had never even seen her naked or even in her underwear for that matter. He could only imagine (and boy did he ever dream and imagine!) what she looked like under those clothes. Without the real thing, he had to use his imagination to wank one out in the morning shower thinking about her or in bed at night before turning off the light to sleep.

But Kaylee was certainly not devoid of sexual urges. It was just that, well, something else turned her on. Something Nathan didn’t know about. 

Nathan bought into the whole story that she was waiting until marriage. If she wasn’t so unbelievably hot and such a good kisser, Nathan would not have wasted his time with her. But he loved how her company made all of his friends jealous. He felt so thrilled just to have this lovely young lady hanging firmly to his arm as they walked across campus. And he enjoyed her company as well. They had a lot of fun together and laughed a lot about school and common friends and general college life. And she was a wonderful kisser. Every time they kissed he got a raging boner in his pants. If he slid his hands into intimate areas, though, they were quickly and firmly pushed aside. 

Kaylee and Nathan had reached the stairs leading up to the front door of Fromdig. With 20 minutes until class, Nathan said “Lets just sit out here a bit and soak in the sun since we’re so early, ok babe?”

“Sure babe!” she answered.  

Right next to the quad, the stairs leading up to the entrance of the Fromdig Building was a popular spot on beautiful afternoons for students to sit and relax and take a breather between classes. About 15 students were currently sitting around enjoying the beautiful sunny day.  Nathan and Kaylee ascended the 5 stairs to the front door and then walked over to the left side of the door where they could sit down and lean their backs against the brick facade. So the two lovebirds sat down together, backs against the wall, touching shoulders romantically, legs bent at the knees and feet flat on the ground in front of them on the same level as their butts.

Conversation began with mutual complaining of the difficulty of some of the partial fraction derivative problems assigned yesterday. Nathan looked up and saw his buddy James approaching the stairs. James lived on the same floor in the dorm as James. He was a nerd, into computer coding and fantasy role playing games. Maybe he could weigh in on what the teacher was thinking by assigning such impossible homework. “ Hey James! What’s up my man! Did you have any clue on these derivatives?”

Now standing right in front of the couple at the bottom of the 5 stairs, he stammered” Um...well, yeah, they were kinda difficult. Not sure what Dr. Nindinger was thinking when he gave us those.”

“So how did you set up #36? The one with the quadratic in the denominator?”

“Uh...i… Um. You mean the.. Sorry, I cant think.” What was wrong with James? This guy was the smartest guy in the class, and suddenly he couldn’t spit out comprehensible language from his mouth. He seemed distracted. His eyes weren’t focused but seemed to be drifting lower and over toward Kaylee. Weird.

“What’s gotten into you? Stay up too late with the Playstation?”

“No. Um, I’m okay” He grinned nervously. But he didn’t move. He was mesmerized! He got out his phone and held it up holding it still and, aiming it? Why would he be taking our photo, Nathan thought. He looked over at Kaylee and she seemed to be suppressing a grin. She must find James’ babbling incoherence amusing. 

Carl and Tosh were walking down the walkway toward the building now. Two of the biggest fans of the Fighting Rhinos football team, they were thrilled to be in the same class as the team's budding quarterback and to actually be semi-friendly with him. They saw him and Kaylee sitting against the wall and walked over near James. 

“Hey Nathan...da man! Gonna start the game Saturday?” Tosh asked. Carl and Tosh both reached up and fist bumped Nathan but remained at the bottom of the stairs. Then suddenly Carl seemed to lose all color in his face, almost like he’d seen a ghost. He turned to Tosh and whispered something and Tosh looked up, not right at Nathan’s eyes but again over toward Kaylee and down lower than eye level. Maybe they were looking at her feet, he thought. He always thought her girlfriend had sexy feet. 

The 3 guys remained in place, and soon most of the class headed toward the building, both people in their Calc class and people with other classes to attend in the building. Most of the girls continued to the front door, but most of the guys stopped at the bottom of the stairs. And a lot of them just kinda stood there turning their faces to the side or straight on so they were facing Kaylee and Nathan. As a star football player, he was a little bit used to stares. He was featured on national television last week, for crying out loud. But were they really looking at him? Or Kaylee’s feet? Strange, he thought.

Several guys got out their phones like James and seemed to be aiming their way. With their fancy I-phones, some of them seemed to aim their cameras their way for a really long time with fingers on screen perhaps zooming in to get the shots or videos just perfect. Oh well. Just something he and Kaylee would have to put up with as a football star and his girlfriend.

Nathan was sitting on Kaylee’s right side. She began rubbing her right ankle. “Hey babe, my ankle feels swollen today. I didn’t think I twisted it so bad last night at the gym, but I guess I did. What do you think? Does it feel swollen to you?”

Keeping her left foot firmly planted on the ground in front of her and left leg still bent at the knee, she extended her right leg and right ankle way over to the right so that Nathan could exam it. The gasps from the guys milling about in front of them were impossible to ignore.  Eyes wide, mouths agape they seemed to be in complete shock. Some reached down towards their crotch areas and seemed to be readjusting things. Two guys suddenly held books down to cover up their below-the-belt areas and rushed off towards the building like they had to use the toilet. Several guys got their phones out again. :What is up with these guys?”, Nathan wondered. “We’re not that interesting are we?”

Nathan examined and massaged her foot for 5 minutes. The crowd remained. The crowd continued to stare. “They must be jealous of me that I get to massage her ankle,” he thought.

“Lets go babe. Time for class”. Some of Kaylee’s papers had slipped out of her notebook and been blown by the wind a few feet over to her right. She rolled over onto her knees and she extended her right leg and arm way over to the right to try and reach the papers. Her skirt had completely ridden up to her waist by that point. Of course clueless Nathan didn’t even notice. She just could quite reach the papers though. They were too far. She stretched again, stayinging in that position and straining to get the papers for about 30 seconds more. Behind her the stares and picture takers and video takers continued. She finally reached their papers, gathered their things and headed into the building for class.

Kaylee knew exactly what she was doing. You see, this is what turned her on. Not sex with Nathan, not sex with anybody else. It was showing off her body to other people that turned her on. Surprising people by sharing a view of her beautiful pussy and asshole with those who didn’t expect such a wonderful gift thrilled her to no end. Now almost all the young men in their Calc class had seen something Nathan was unable to see in 2 years of dating her: Kaylee’s beautiful, moist cunt on full display in the bright sunshine of the college quad. As she sat at the top of the stairs next to her wonderful, loyal, handsome boyfriend she had shared a spread eagle view of her vagina for all to see. Kaylee, the hottest freshman on campus, had caused at least 5, maybe 10, guys to literally jizz in their pants today. What a wonderful gift it was for them. Most of them had vids and pics they could now enjoy later also. How many guys would jizz over this gift today and over the next few weeks and months? The thought was so so exciting to her. While they were taking videos of her, she had also surreptitiously recorded video of their reaction as well so she could pleasure herself to their stares later on. Not only had they been able to salivate over her pussy, but when she had turned over and reached out for her papers, they also got a really good look ( and lots of good vids/pics) of her hot, young asshole. They were all able to fully imagine what it would be like to pound her from behind. Their mental images (and actual images!) would be more accurate than Nathan’s, for they had seen the real thing. Poor Nathan. Two years of dating and Valentine’s days and proms and dinner dates. And he still hadn’t seen her naked. But everybody in his Calc class had seen her pussy and asshole. And they were so happy and so thrilled and over the moon with joy and gratitude. 

This was the start of big things for Kaylee. She wanted to share the sight of her body with more people at school, more people in the world.

