Author: mypenname3000
Title: Tales of The World's First Futa's Daughters  Futa's First Taboo Pleasure 01: Rebecca's Taboo Futa Discovery
Summary: Rebecca's naughty of studying gets naughty when her sister's friend is eager to enjoy a futa.
Keywords: HF oral creampie inc lac 1st inter

Copyright 2018

October 13th, 2041  Rebecca Woodward

Today, my half-sister turned eighteen.

Music thudded through our house while she and her friends giggled downstairs. Brita sounded like she was having a great time. I could hear their feet swishing over the carpet as they danced to the latest single from my other half-sister, Nari.

I had a lot of futa-half-sisters out there.

I was one of Becky Woodward's daughters. She had thousands and thousands and thousands of us. At least a few were born every day, or so the gossip magazines claimed. The world's first futa was single-handily creating a new generation that was changing the demographics of the human race forever.

All her daughters were futas as far as I knew. I was friends with about a dozen of them on social media and had even met a few in real life. It was cool to talk to other girls going through the same problems as you. That first erection in the middle of gym class, talking about our first kiss with a girl, our first times. Many normal girls were curious about us.

I had my share of girlfriends throughout high school. None lasted. Now at twenty and going to college, I was still playing around. I hadn't found anyone special, yet. I thought I had last year, but she was jealous of all the attention I got and thought I was cheating on her.

My mom knocked on the door, sticking her head in. She was young when she met my mother, Becky, and had me. Every woman my mom fucked had a baby. Shortly after, she married Brita's dad, Vern. He was a great guy, but he was killed in a car accident a few years back.

Even self-driving cars could have those.

Vern was a great dad. I missed him. So did Mom and Brita. 

Yeah? I asked.

My mom stuck her head in. Are they being too noisy for you? I know it's getting late.

I was sitting at my desk studying. It's fine, Mom. They'll peter out in a few hours. I'm a college student. I'm used to staying up late.

Okay, Mom said. She was still a beautiful woman in her late thirties, her black hair spilling down her face. Her eyes flicked to me and I suddenly became aware I was in a pair of panties and a tank top that molded to my round breasts. Well, good night. It's good that you came home for the weekend. Brita was thrilled you were here.

Was she? I asked. She's having more fun with her friends. Anya, Ramona, and Lizzie were over to have a fun slumber party to celebrate.

Oh, your sister adores you, Mom said. Well, if you don't think they're too noisy...

If you think they're too noisy, Mom, tell them to be quiet.

Oh, no, I couldn't do that, she said. It's Brita's birthday. Besides, I'm a heavy sleeper. Good night, Rebecca.

Good night, Mom, I said, shaking my head.

Mom closed my door. I heard her enter her bedroom next to mine. The bed creaked as she settled down for the night. I went back to studying. I was copying information from my laptop onto notecardsI found it easier to memorize things that weren't on a computer screenand yawned. It was approaching two in the morning and the girls sounded like they were running out of steam.

So was I.

I stretched my back, debating going to bed when a soft knock came at my door. 

Yeah, Mom? I asked.

It's not your mom, a soft voice whispered. It's Anya. Can I come in?

I blinked. Oh, sure, I said. Come in.

Anya was one of my sister's friends. My door creaked open and I blinked at Anya. She was a Black girl with a dark weave of hair spilling down around her plump face. She had a curvy body that was almost entirely revealed to me. She was nearly naked, her breasts round and dark, her nipples thrusting hard. A pair of pink panties clung to her crotch, the outline of her pussy lips molded in the satin.

My jaw dropped. I was two years older than them and had even babysat the pair a few timessomething Brita thought was completely unfairso I thought of Brita and her friends as children. It was hard to remember they were all eighteen now, in their last year of school before college. I swallowed as Anya closed the door behind her.

She had this breathless nervousness about her. She swallowed, her breasts rising and falling with her quickened breaths. She rubbed her hands against her belly, staring at me with glassy eyes. She licked her lips.

I... I... She swallowed. You're just so beautiful, Rebecca. I've always wanted to be with a futa. With you. I've had such a crush on you and then you were here for the night and if I didn't do this you'd go back to college and I want my first time to be with you and...

She ran out of breath.

A hot shudder ran through me. My futa-dick swelled hard in my panties, throbbing and aching as my gaze flicked up and down her body. She was a sexy girl. A hot shudder ran through me. My fingers flexed and relaxed. It was hard to think as all the blood rushed to my cock. My pussy grew so wet as she stood there.

I rose from my seat, unable to resist this delight. It was hard to think of Anya as a child now. Not with those round, lush breasts, her nipples so hard. She trembled as I advanced. She was a little taller than me. I cupped her dark face and pulled her down for a kiss.

This wasn't the first girl who had come to my room at college. I savored the flavor of her mouth on mine. Her lips were hot and wet. I kissed her hard, loving how she moaned. Her hands grabbed my tank top as her tongue dueled with mine. She gripped my shirt, fingers stretching the material. I shuddered, loving the delight of this.

Then she tugged it up. She was bold for a virgin. I shuddered as our tongues danced and dueled. The fabric rolled up my stomach to my breasts. My nipples drank in the caress of the fabric as she pulled my top over my tits. We broke our kiss so she could take it off.

This time as we kissed, our breasts pressed together. I shuddered, my hands grabbing her rump. I kneaded her, teased her, pulled her against me. She shuddered and ground against me. My futa-dick ached and throbbed in the silky confines of my panties while my nipples rubbed against hers.

Sparks flared down to my throbbing girl-dick. My pussy grew hotter and hotter as I navigated her through my room. I turned her and backed her towards my bed. She whimpered into the kiss, clinging to me, her lips hot and delicious.

When she reached my bed, she broke the kiss. I've wanted this for so long, Rebecca. You're just so sexy.

So are you, I purred, my hand squeezing her rump. Mmm, I'm going to make you explode.

I know you will, Anya groaned. Thea's sister always talks about how your night together. 

I smiled. That was a naughty slumber party.

So is this one, moaned Anya as she sank down onto the bed, her eyes hot. She hooked her fingers into the waistband of my panties and yanked them down.

My hard futa-dick popped out before her, thrusting from the shaved folds of my pussy. My sweet musk filled my nose, drifting up my body while my plump breasts jiggled before me. Agnes groaned, seizing my pale shaft with her dark fingers. The Black girl opened her mouth wide and sucked my girl-dick into her mouth.

I gasped, my pussy clenching, at the hunger of her sucking. Her cheeks hollowed as she sucked hard. I groaned, the pleasure spilling through my body. I shook and shuddered. This amazing rapture surged through my body. It was an incredible delight. My heart pounded in my chest. My head shook from side to side, my fingers clenching and relaxing. 

Slow down, I panted as she sucked with such hunger. I grabbed the side of her head and pulled me off my dick. Mmm, I want to pop off in you. I'm not my mom. I didn't get the stamina gene.

Oh, she said. But you got the big dick gene.

I winked at her. 

I pushed her down onto her back and cupped those delicious breasts, my dark fingers digging into her flesh. She quivered, licking her lips. My dick throbbed, a line of pussy juices running down it. I savored the feel as I leaned down and latched my mouth onto a nipple.

The virgin gasped and moaned. She shuddered beneath me. She gasped, squirming on the bed. Her moans echoed through my bedroom. I danced my tongue around her nipple, teasing her, my fingers kneading into her flesh.

Mmm, I'm going to lick you all up, I told her as I kissed down her breast, rubbing my face into her underboob. Going to make you cum. Then I'm going to slide into your pussy. Won't that be nice?

Yes, she moaned, squirming on the bed.

I shuddered in delight. I went lower and lower. I kissed down her dark body, my hands caressing her sleek sides. Anya shuddered, the bed creaking as I went lower. My breasts brushed across her panties then felt her thighs. I kissed around her bellybutton, my fingers sliding down to her hips.

To the waistband of her pink panties.

I hooked them. She lifted her rump and let me wiggle them off. She shuddered and wiggled. I worked her panties down her hips, tugging on them. I exposed more and more of her shaved pubic mound, hungering of the sight of her pussy. She quivered, her breasts jiggling.

Rebecca! she moaned as I pulled her panties down and witnessed her virgin delight.

A tight, shaved pussy, her dark vulva plump. Just a hint of pink peeked out of her slit, glistening with her juices. It was such an inviting sight. I groaned, the hunger building and building in me. I licked my lips, eager to feast on her.

You are beautiful, Anya, I moaned, her tart musk filling my nose. Ooh, I'm going to love you.

Yes! she quivered.

I dived into her flesh. I licked and lapped up and down her slit. I caressed her, teased her. I reveled in the flavor of her pussy. My tongue parted her pink, fluttering through her. I didn't find a hymen, but she felt tight as I probed into her depths. She shuddered on the bed, her thighs squeezing about my face.
 
The bed springs creaked as I feasted on her. She whimpered and moaned. Her tart juices flowed. I wrapped my arms around her legs, my fingers stroking her shaved pubic mound. I teased as my tongue fluttered through her folds. I loved how I made her gasp.

Her juices spilled over my tongue. They coated me in her passion. I savored them as I plunged my tongue into her depths. I stirred around in her. I tasted her passion. She gasped and whimpered, her moans echoing through my room.

Rebecca, she moaned, gripping my comforter. Oh, Rebecca... Your tongue... Your tongue feels incredible.

Mmm, so does your pussy, I purred. My fingers slid down between her legs, caressing her plump vulva. I parted her outer pussy lips, revealing her glistening depths. Look at that juicy twat. Yum.

Oh, god, she moaned. This is so embarrassing and hot at the same time. You're licking my pussy. She covered her face as she shuddered.

Yes, I am, I purred and dove my mouth into her pussy.

I licked and lapped at her. My tongue caressed her pussy folds. I teased her. My tongue fluttered up and down her folds. She gasped, squeezing her thighs even tighter about me. I thrust my tongue into her depths, soaking in her tart delight.

Her pussy walls clenched around my tongue. My nose rubbed into her clit. I breathed in that wonderful musk. My futa-dick throbbed. My cream ran hot down my thighs. My nipples ached as I feasted on her. I licked and sucked, I savored every bit of her.

My tongue flicked up to her clit. I sucked on it. I loved it.

Unlike my clit, hers was just a cute bud and not a massive cock. I fluttered my tongue around it. She gasped. Her fingers gripped my hair. She tossed her head back and forth. Her passion spilled from her throat. It was this incredible delight to enjoy.

I sunk my tongue deep into her snatch. I caressed her. Teased her. I licked and sucked and fluttered my tongue against her folds. She whimpered and gasped. Her body shook on the bed. My finger probed into her pussy, sliding into her depths as I sucked on her clit.

Oh, Rebecca! she groaned. She rose up on her elbows, her dark eyes glassy. Oh, that's naughty. You're... you're... Yes!

Her pussy convulsed around my finger. Her juices flooded out. She fell backward on my bed. Her tits jiggled as her stomach arched. The eighteen-year-old virgin writhed as I pumped my finger in and out of her depths, giving her a taste of passion.

A preview for my throbbing cock.

I licked up her juices as they spilled out of her. I devoured them, savoring their flavor. My tongue caressed her. Teased her. She shuddered and bucked on the bed. I loved it. This passion echoed around me. My bed creaked.

Oh, wow, Rebecca, she moaned, her stomach flexing, her pussy's convulsions slowing about my finger. That was incredible.

I lifted my face, her pussy cream dripping down to my chin. Wait until my cock's in you.

Her eyes widened.

Mmm, I bet you want that, don't you? I said, standing up. My breasts jiggled. I grabbed my girl-dick and wagged it before her. I bet you just want me to slide my girl-dick into your pussy and fu

She sat up and engulfed my cock again. She sucked on it hard. Her eyes staring up at me. I shuddered, my pussy clenching at the heat shooting through me. I groaned. This wild heat rippled through me. Her mouth felt amazing.

I grabbed her shoulders and pushed her back. Her mouth popped off my dick. She panted as I pressed her to the bed. Mmm, as nice as your mouth is, I bet your tight pussy will feel better. I can't keep you up here all night. My sister might wonder where you went.

Right, she moaned as I mounted her. She parted her legs, her hands grabbing my cock. I want you in me. I want you to be my first.

I smiled at her as she pressed my cock against her juicy folds. I leaned in and kissed her. My mouth pressed on hers. My tongue thrust into her mouth. She whimpered against me. Her tongue danced in my mouth. I caressed her. She shuddered, her hips wiggling back and forth. She rubbed my cock against her hot pussy lips.

I loved the feel of it. My dick pressed against hers. Then I sank into her depths. I shuddered at the feel of her hot pussy lips engulfing my girl-cock. Her virgin flesh wrapped about me. She whimpered, pleasure crossing her face.

I kissed her.

I let her taste her tart pussy as I sank deeper and deeper into the untouched territory of her sheath. Her flesh engulfed me. Welcomed me. She squeezed tight about me. She whimpered into the kiss as my cock filled her. Our breast pressed together. My nipple brushed hers, tingles racing through us both.

I broke the kiss as I bottomed out in her. I pressed my forehead against hers. How is it?

Amazing, Rebecca! she moaned, hugging me tight. Her hands grabbed my rump. Oh, wow, you're huge.

And you're tight, I purred. Ready to really be fucked?

Yes!

I drew back my hips and then slid my cock into her. I groaned, loving the way her flesh embraced my cock. How tight and juicy she was. She trembled beneath me. Her pussy clenched around my cock. I groaned, loving the feel of her.

I pumped away in and out of her pussy. I kissed her. Loved her. My tongue dueled with hers. I thrust hard into her pussy. I buried again and again into her. She clung to me, whimpering and moaning as I buried over and over into her.

Rebecca! she moaned, her fingernails scratching down my back to grab my rump. Oh, yes, yes!

Mmm, just love it, I groaned, nuzzling into her ear. Savor it. Let the pleasure flow over you.

Yes, yes! she moaned. It's like President Woodward is fucking me.

Ooh, don't talk about my futa-mother right now! I panted, her pussy clenching around me. 

Becky! she gasped. You're named for her. You're a Becky, too!

Yes! I gasped, thrusting into the girl's pussy as she imagined my futa-mother was fucking her. 

A wild thrill ran through me. You're just a naughty intern! I licked her ear. Aren't you?

Uh-huh! she moaned, her pussy clenching. I applied to be one of her virgin interns, but... but... I get you! I get a futa anyways!

I kissed her, my breasts rubbing into hers. My pussy drank in the hot feel of pumping in and out of her cunt. Her tight twat gripped me. Our tongues dueled together as her body heaved beneath me. Her pussy clenched around my girl-dick. The heat was incredible. It rippled through me. Her hips moved, undulating, stirring around my shaft.

My cock throbbed in her depths. I plunged over and over into her. The friction built the ache at the tip. My ovaries grew tighter and tighter. My strokes grew harder. I rammed into her juicy pussy as she clung to me.

Her snatch grew hotter. She squeezed around me. The friction was incredible. Bliss flowed through me. My bed creaked. My breasts pressed into hers. Our nipples brushed as we kissed. She squirmed beneath me, writhing.

Such a treat.

Anya! I gasped, breaking the kiss. Ooh, Anya, I'm almost there.

Yes, yes, cum in me, Becky! she moaned. Breed me!

Yes! I gasped and lost it.

My futa-cum exploded out of my girl-cock. It splashed into her fertile depths. I shuddered atop the sexy, Black girl. I buried into her pussy's depths, my cunt convulsing. Juices gushed out of me while my jizz fired into her.

Yes, yes, yes! gasped Anya. Her pussy convulsed around me. She joined me in orgasmic heaven. You're breeding me, Becky!

My cum exploded over and over into her. The pleasure fired into my mind. It slammed into my mind while gentler waves of bliss washed out of my pussy. Her snatch milked my cock. Her flesh writhed around my girl-dick and drained my ovaries.

Oh, Becky, she whimpered as I spilled my final squirt into her. Oh, that was wonderful.

Mmm, it was, I purred as her eyes fluttered. She shifted and then her head turned.

So tired, she moaned. You were amazing. Felt so good. Now... now...

Just take a quick nap, I told her, kissing her cheek. Then you have to skedaddle.

She just mewled.

I groaned as I slid out of her pussy, my cum leaking out, staining her dark flesh with my pearly passion. I shuddered, my body trembling. I felt so sticky. I would let her recover while I took a shower. I padded to the door. It was late, so I could probably get away going naked. I flicked off my light and shut my door softly.

I smiled, glad I could give Anya a thrill. She was hardly the first girl to imagine I was my futa-mother. Most women wanted to be bred by the world's first futa. It got me lots of pussy, and it was hot thinking I was breeding them. I didn't have super sperm or anything, so I didn't overcome a girl's birth control.

As far as I knew, I didn't have any futa-daughters out there.

I stepped into the warm shower and let it bathe me. I was starting to feel the late hour as the warm water caressed me. Anya was a delicious lover. I was here for the weekend. I had to head back to college on Sunday night. It was a two-hour drive, so not that bad. I could do some homework while my car drove itself. 

I drifted through thoughts, thinking about what naughty things I could do with Anya when the water grew cool than cold. I sighed, turning it off. My cock was half-hard from naughty thoughts. Maybe I could have a second go with Anya before sending her downstairs.

She was keen to suck my cock.

As I dried off, I heard my mother's bedroom door closed. I shuddered, hoping she didn't hear me fucking Anya. She was usually a heavy sleeper. Maybe she just had to use the restroom and saw it was occupied.

I wrapped myself up in the towel and slipped out of the bathroom. I felt refreshed after my shower, my futa-dick half-hard, eager for more fun, but if Mom was awake, I was nervous about playing any more with Anya. I should send her downstairs.

I don't know how Brita would react if she learned I'd fucked her friend.

I opened the door into my dark bedroom. Just enough light spilled around me to show Anya lying on my bed. She shifted a bit on my bed and let out a drowsy murmur. Then she said, Why did you leave then come back in?

I took a shower, I said.

Not that fast, she purred. You just licked all your cum out of me. That was incredible.

I froze. I did no such thing. My heart hammered in my chest. I glanced down the hallway to my mother's bedroom door. There was no way she could have done that. She was my mother. It was incest for her to lick my cum out of Anya's pussy.

Come cuddle with me, Anya murmured, her voice on the edge of sleep. Mmm... that was... good cum...

I closed the door on her, biting my lip. This strange heat swelled through me. I turned back to my mother's door, my heart hammering in my chest. Did she really lick Anya clean of my cum? My futa-dick twitched and throbbed as I headed down the hallway.

I reached my mother's bedroom door, shuddering. My nipples and futa-dick were both hard, both pressing on the soft texture of the terrycloth robe. I groaned, my heart hammering in my chest. My pussy clenched and relaxed. This strange heat washed through me.

On the other side of the door, I heard a creak. I frowned then listened carefully. I could hear heavy breathing just on the other side. Was my mother standing just inside her room? I swallowed, my heart hammering in my chest. Everything sounded so sharp. The house groaned as it settled. Someone stirred downstairs, shifting blankets.

My mother breathed just a foot away, separated by this barrier of wood.

I licked my lips. My hand trembled as I reached for the doorknob. Pussy juices spilled down my thighs. The towel felt so hot around me. The fabric suddenly itching. I wanted to throw it away. My cock tented the front, twitching, throbbing.

I grabbed the brass handle. What was I doing? She was my mother. She birthed me. I couldn't do this. I gripped the cool metal. I heard my mother's breathing quickened. She was just there, waiting for me to do something.

I opened the door.

It sounded so loud as it creaked inward. My mother was just on the other side of it, naked, her lips glassy with pussy juices, a bit of my incestuous cum staining her lips. She shuddered, her large breasts swaying. Her dusky nipples poked hard before her.

Rebecca, she croaked. Then her arm hooked around my neck.

Before I could stop her, she pulled me to her and kissed me. I shuddered, the towel falling away from my naked body. I pressed against my mother's taboo flesh. Our tits came together, hers so soft on mine. My throbbing girl-dick slipped up her belly until it was trapped between our stomachs, throbbing and twitching.

I tasted Anya's spicy pussy and my own cum on my mother's lips. This incestuous heat rushed through me. I knew this was wrong, but I couldn't help kissing her back as she pulled me into the room. We groaned together, our tongues dueling and dancing. Her breasts rose and fell against mine, her nipples caressing me. I shuddered at the heat.

Our tongues danced together. They played with each other. This naughty, wicked heat spilled through me. My nipples throbbed as they brushed hers. My pussy clenched. My dick drank in the feel of her smooth belly.

I was kissing my mother. Dizzying passion surged through me.

I couldn't believe this was happening.

It was an incredible delight to experience. My hands found her plump rump. I gripped her, kneading her as our tongues dueled. Her free hand slid down my back to my ass. Her fingers dug into me, pulling me backward.

She hit her bed and gasped, breaking the kiss. Rebecca! she moaned. Oh, damn, you're so sexy!

What are we doing, Mom? I whimpered as her fingers slid into my butt-crack.

Mmm, we're doing something naughty. You tasted so good in Anya. Just like your futa-mother. She smacked her lips. I loved eating her out of my friend Agnes after she bred us. Since your step-father died, I've wanted this. Wanted you. I know this is wrong. I know I'm your mother. That I brought you into this world. I just can't resist, Rebecca.

Her fingers jammed into my asshole. Two digits plunged into my bowels. I shuddered as she sat down on her bed. I groaned at the incestuous heat burning in my anal sheath. My pussy drank it in. My futa-cock throbbed hard, bobbing before me. My mom's mouth opened wide.

She engulfed me.

My mom sucked on my girl-cock and fingered my asshole. I trembled, my breasts rising and falling. It was insane. I couldn't believe how amazing this was. It was a wicked treat. I whimpered, my bowels clenching around her fingers. They jammed deep into me. She churned me up. She nursed on my cock.

Pussy juices spilled down my thighs. Her head bobbed. Her tongue darted around them. I shuddered as she pleased me. Brita's father was a lucky man if he experienced this. I shuddered, my pussy clenched as mom kept sucking on my girl-dick.

She loved my futa-dick while her fingers plundered my asshole. She thrust them in deep, wiggling them around. Her mouth sucked with hungry pleasure on my futa-dick. My ovaries grew tight as she pleasured me. Dizzying pleasure swept over me.

I couldn't believe I was enjoying this. It was insane. She was my mother. It was so wrong.

Yet felt so wonderful.

I savored the incestuous heat growing inside of me. That wonderful delight built at the tip of my cock as her hot mouth milked me. My pussy clenched every time she sucked. My breasts jiggled. I grabbed her black hair. I held onto her as my bowels squeezed down around her thrusting digits.

Her other hand stroked up my thighs. I gasped as my mother's touch rose higher and higher. Then she was touching me. Stroking me. She caressed me. I shuddered as her fingers brushed my pussy lips. She teased me. She nuzzled into my folds. This wicked heat surged through me. She caressed me, stroked me with her naughty digits.

My clit-dick throbbed in her mouth as she played with my labia.

Oh, Mom, yes, I groaned, trying to keep my voice down. The door was open behind us. The house creaked again as it settled. Oh, wow, Mom, that's amazing.

She plunged two digits into my pussy.

I gasped. She had four fingers pumping into me between my two holes plus her mouth nursing on my futa-cock. It was intense. The pleasure was incredible. I groaned and panted, the room spinning around me as my ovaries quivered.

My bowels and pussy clenched on her digits. I squeezed down on them, my breasts jiggling as I gripped her black hair. Her mouth sucked with hungry passion on my futa-dick. My eyes fluttered, my heart hammering in my chest.

Damn, Mom! I groaned. Oh, damn, you know how to suck cock!

She purred around my dick.

I'm going to cum in your mouth.

She sucked harder. My mom wanted it. Her fingers plunged deep into my holes. My pussy and asshole drank in the sensations. The velvety and silky frictions sent rapture swelling up to the tip of my futa-cock buried in her mouth.

My ovaries brimmed with futa-cum.

I swayed. It was too much. My mother was sucking my cock. The incestuous rush of this moment, combined with her sucking on my futa-cock while her fingers reamed my pussy and asshole, sent me over the edge.

I threw back my head and groaned. My futa-cum fired into her mouth. I pumped my mother full of my incestuous load. I shuddered, shivered. My head swayed. Stars burst before my eyes. I groaned, my breasts heaving. My nipples ached and throbbed.

My snatch clutched around my mother's fingers. They stirred me up. They churned my pussy to a hot froth while her other digits plundered my asshole. Waves of rapture flooded out of my cunt while ecstasy fired from my erupting dick.

Mom stared up at mew while swallowing every drop of cum I had. She gulped it down. I whimpered as she nursed with such hunger. I gripped her hair tight as the pleasure carried me to such peaks. Her four fingers buried deep into my two holes.

Oh, Mom, fuck, I groaned, my toes curling against the soft carpet of her bedroom.
The bed creaked as she popped her mouth off my cock. Mmm, your cum tastes amazing. Even better than out of Anya's pussy.

Mom, I groaned, a rush of embarrassed delight shooting through me.

My mother ripped her fingers out of my pussy and asshole. I shuddered as she leaned back. She popped them all into her mouth, sucking my cunt cream and the sour flavor of my bowels off her digits, whimpering as she did it. Her big breasts swayed.

I shuddered. I couldn't help myself. As my clit-dick softened, I fell between her thighs. I grabbed both her breasts. I squeezed and kneaded them. I rubbed my face between those wonderful, lush boobs, pressing them against my cheeks.

She popped her fingers out of her mouth. Mmm, every bit of you tastes amazing.

Mom, I groaned, shuddering. I wiggled my face between her breasts, pressing them against my soft cheeks.

And you love my big tits, don't you? she purred. Ooh, I'm so glad. I loved nursing you.

Mom. My cheeks burned. This was so weird and so hot all at the same time.

Mmm, we can pretend, she moaned. We can pretend I'm nursing you again.

I shuddered, this wicked idea shooting through me. I kissed up her breast. I nuzzled up to her nipple and latched onto her. It would be so hot pretending to nurse from my mother. It made my dick throb, a second wind growing through me.

I suckled.

Milk shot into my mouth.

This hot, creamy treat splashed across my tongue. My eyes widened at the shock. The sweet flavor, with a hint of cantaloupe, filled my mouth. I ripped my nipple off and stared up at Mom in wide-eyed astonishment.

You're lactating!

The house groaned against as it settled, the sound as loud as my thundering heart.

Mmm, there are treatments a woman can take to lactate, she purred, her hands sliding through my hair. They've done research into your futa-mother's spunk. They've tried to uncover just how she happened. How she triggers hyper-ovulation in women.

I knew that. It had revolutionized fertility treatments in the last year or two.

One of the things they discovered, quite on accident, was how to trigger lactation in women. My mother shuddered. I hoped I would get a chance to show you this weekend, Rebecca.

She pulled my head back down. I shuddered as my mouth engulfed her nipple. I nursed from my mother as I had as a baby. My cheeks hollowed. I suckled with hunger. The cream rushed into my mouth. This hot, exciting treat.

I gulped it down with such hunger. It flowed down to my belly. My futa-dick ached and throbbed as I nursed. I couldn't get enough of that wonderful treat. Her breast milk squirted into my mouth. I squeezed her tit, kneading it, causing the stream splash with more force into my mouth.

I let it fill my mouth then swallowed. The creamy treat flowed down to my stomach. The warmth spread to my pussy then down my hardening futa-cock. The ache began at the tip. That need to cum already building in me.

It was like her milk was replenishing me.

Mmm, that's it, honey, cooed my mother. Ooh, yes, yes. Isn't that nice? You love it, don't you?

I whimpered about her nipple.

Yes, you love Mommy's milk, she purred, stroking my hair. Just like you did as a baby.

I shuddered at how wrong this was. How taboo. That made this hotter. I suckled with hunger. Milk squirted into my mouth. My lips hollowed as I nursed with rampant delight. I suckled and drank more of her creamy treat. I gulped it down.

My dick was fully hard now, swinging between my thighs. I groaned, wanting to slide into her pussy. Into the pussy that birthed me. I wanted to enjoy that incestuous delight. Just slip into her and fuck her hard.

It would be incredible.

My heart hammered in my chest as I nursed. My cheeks hollowed. My tongue darted around her fat nub in between hungry suckles. She shuddered on the bed. Her hips wiggled back and forth. She ground against me. She rubbed her belly against my stomach.

My heart ached. My tongue darted around her fat nub. I licked and lapped at her. I savored this moment while this heady rush shot through me. I groaned, my futa-dick swaying before me. My cock twitched and throbbed.

I suckled harder on her. I loved how she gasped and moaned. My hand kneaded her tit. I filled my belly on her motherly delight while she shuddered on the bed. My left hand roamed down her body while my right milked her breast. I found her bush.

Rebecca! she gasped as I cupped her pussy.

Her silky pubic hair rubbed into my hand. I massaged her, grinding the heel of my hand into her flesh. She whimpered, the bed creaking as she shuddered on it. I loved how she moved. How her juices soaked into my hand.

I plunged my finger into her pussy's depths. I churned her up. She whimpered and shuddered. Her pussy squeezed down around my digits. She quivered on the bed. She shook from side to side. I suckled with hunger on her. My cheeks hollowed.

Yes, yes, yes! she moaned. Oh, Mommy loves that. Yes, finger Mommy. Get me ready for your big, hard futa-cock.

My dick throbbed. I suckled hard on her breast as I plunged my two fingers into her juicy pussy. That creamy treat poured down my throat as I suckled from her teat. Her pussy clenched around me. My thumb massaged her clit.

Her hand found my futa-cock. She gripped me as I nursed. She pumped up and down, making me shiver and ache. I nursed with hunger now. I wanted all of her milk spilling into my mouth. I churned up her pussy as I did it. I stirred around in her.

Rebecca! she howled. Oh, Mommy needs her futa-daughter's big dick in her! Mommy can't wait any longer!

I gasped as my mother seized my shoulder with her left hand and pushed me away. That popped my mouth off her nipple. She rolled me onto my back and followed me, her pussy squeezing around my fingers. I released her as she straddled me, her heavy breasts swaying. Her left nipple beaded with milk.

I had selfish ignored that tit.

I seized her boob and brought her hungry nipple to my mouth. At the same time, my naughty mommy guided my cock to her pussy. I shuddered at the incestuous contact of her silky bush and hot pussy lips kissing the tip of my clit-dick. I latched onto her nipple. Suckled.

Mom impaled her cunt down my girl-cock.

I groaned at the forbidden pleasure as my mother's pussy engulfed my dick. I was back in the pussy that birthed me. My futa-mother fucked this cunt twenty-one years ago to make me. Her snatch clenched down on me while I suckled. Her milk flooded my mouth, pleasure rippling through my body.

Mommy loves her futa-daughter! she moaned.

The bed creaked as she lifted her pussy up my cock. Her tight cunt squeezed around my girl-dick. My toes curled. I whimpered around her nipple. I suckled with all my might, gulping down her girl-cum as she slid her pussy up my cock and then back down it.

My mother rode me with a hungry need. She swiveled her hips and worked her pussy up and down my cock. Pleasure throbbed through me. I groaned, my toes curling. This heat spilled around me. This wonderful pleasure bathed my dick.

Yes, yes, yes, my mom moaned. Oh, Mommy loves you so much. Mmm, your futa-dick feels amazing in Mommy's pussy.

I whimpered about her nipple, suckling hard.

Yes, yes, you love it, too! She stroked my short, dark-brown hair as she rode me. Her pussy gripped me. Oh, yes, yes, Mommy loves her futa-daughter's big cock.

The incestuous heat built and built in my ovaries. It was incredible. I suckled with all my might. Her milk squirted in my mouth. The bed springs creaked louder and louder as she worked that juicy pussy up and down my dick.

Stars danced across my vision. My right hand squeezed her left breast, milking her. I drank down her creamy treat, my futa-cock throbbing in her juicy pussy. My mother slammed her pussy down my cock, engulfing every inch of me.

Pleasure rippled through me. My left hand reached around to grab her plump rump. My dick throbbed in her pussy. This naughty thrill ran through me. My asshole tingled as my fingers explored into her butt-crack.

Ooh, you naughty futa, purred my mother. Yes, yes, finger Mommy's dirty asshole!

I popped my mouth off her nipple and moaned, I will, Mommy!

I thrust my finger into her asshole. Her pussy clamped down on my cock as she rose up my thick shaft. The sudden pleasure caused my right hand to clench on her breast. Her white milk fired from her nipple and splashed hot on my cheek. I shuddered and latched my lips on my mother's nipple.

I gulped down that wonderful breast milk while she worked her pussy up and down my girl-dick. My cunt grew hotter and hotter. My ovaries drank in all the incestuous sensations. My mother's pussy worked faster and faster. She massaged me. Teased me.

I whimpered about her nipple. My orgasm swelled so fast. I couldn't hold out much longer. I suckled and gulped down her milk. The heat warmed my belly and melted down to my molten cunt. My ovaries came closer and closer to an eruption.

Mom's pussy worked faster and faster up and down my girl-cock. She clenched about me. This wonderful passion surged through me. I groaned as the heat rippled through me. My toes curled. I thrust a second finger into her bowels.

I released her nipple and stared up into her brown eyes. Mommy! I'm going to cum.
Ooh, are you going to erupt into my pussy? she asked. Are you going to flood Mommy's cunt with all that naughty futa-cum?

Uh-huh, I groaned, my heart hammering in my chest. I pumped my two fingers in and out of her bowels.

Perfect, she purred. She leaned down, her breasts pressing into mine, and kissed me.

I gasped and moaned into the kiss. Incestuous heat pumped through my veins. Her pussy clenched about my futa-dick as she rocked on top of me, working her juicy cunt up and down my shaft. She massaged me with her passion. Her hips wiggled back and forth, stirring me around inside of her. 

I was drunk on this moment, kissing my mother as my orgasm swelled. I couldn't hold out any longer. My fingers jammed deep into her asshole. My ovaries quivered. Her pussy slid up my dick while her nipples caressed my hard nub.

Then my mother slammed down my cock. Her tongue dueled with mine. I gasped into the kiss and exploded into her.

My incestuous futa-spunk fired into her pussy. I flooded my mother's cunt with my jizz. She birthed me and now I pumped my spunk into her. It was so wonderfully wrong. I groaned into the kiss as the pleasure exploded through my body.

Stars burst across my vision.

Mom whimpered. Her pussy writhed and spasmed. She joined me in ecstasy. Her cunt massaged my erupting futa-dick while her nipples grew wet. Her milk leaked out of her as she shuddered on top of me.

Rebecca! she moaned, breaking the kiss. Oh, Rebecca, you're flooding me.

I am, Mommy! I whimpered, the ecstasy and rapture pummeling my mind. It was incredible. I shuddered beneath her. Ooh, this is so wrong.

I know, she groaned and kissed me.

My tongue dueled with my mother's. She trembled atop me, milking out the last of my futa-cum into her depths. I clutched her to me, loving the feel of her bountiful breasts against mine, the flavor of her creamy delight lingering in my mouth.

She could taste it, too. 

Then she broke the kiss and held me tight. As the house groaned as it settled, I held her tight. I rolled her over onto her back and slipped my softening futa-dick out of her. I rested my head on her breasts, suddenly so tired.

Mmm, Mommy loves you so much, Rebecca, she purred. Thank you for this.

You're welcome, Mommy, I groaned, drifting off into sleep. After cumming twice with my mother and once with Anya, I was feeling it pulling me down.

My mother hummed a lullaby and rocked me to sleep against her breasts. It was the best sex of my life. Wild and forbidden. I couldn't believe I had made love to my mother. I was such a naughty futa.

She was amazing.

To be continued...