Grandma's Seduction Plan

Chapter-1
Rekha and Bina were neighbors for a year.They had become very good friends also. It seemed like they were destined to be such a close friends.They could not imagine them not being friends. What an eventful year they had since Bina moved in next door. They were both forty two years old housewives and about six month ago within a week apart, they became grandmother for the first time.Both of their daughters were 22 years old. They also had two sons of 18 years old, who also became close friends. Rekha and Bina spent lot of time everyday talking to each other, going shopping or going to movies together.They jokingly called each other grandma when nobody was around Their husbands were about 50 years old now. They both had good jobs in different companies.Their priorities had changed than that of their wives. They had already started thinking of retirements and became workaholic to get any edge thay could muster at their respective jobs. That meant long hours at work and less time with families. When they were alone with their wives, they were either thinking of works or very very tired.Consequently, Rekha and Bina's sex lives had trickled down to almost non existing. However, even though they became good friends they had never talked to each other about their sex lives, until one day that would change their lives forever. 
Rekha noticed that something was bothering Bina and asked her what it was.Being little bit introvert between the two she at first was not willing to say anything. But at Rekha's consistent
persistence she finally gave in. The thing that was bothering her was that she accidentally saw her son Dipu musterbating.
"Is that all?" Rekha laughed,"It is very natural thing for a young man to do. I had seen Sanjoy doing that several time."
"I know it's a natural thing."Bina replied.
"What's bothering you then grandma?" Rekha asked.
"His... you know..." Bina was hesitating to mention her son's private part.
"His penis or cock you mean." Rekha encouraged her.
"Yeah, it is huge.Much much bigger than his dad's."
"Sanjoy has a big one too. I think kids start playing with their cocks at an early age these days and their cocks get lot of excercises." Rekha tried to explain.
Two grown up women, who were also grand mothers started talking like two teenagers who just discovered sex, only that how they were missing it. They both knew their husbands would not be able to satisfy them sexually any more. Each one them was longing for a lover with big penis to fuck them.
Next day when Rekha was cleaning Sanjoy's room, she found a porno magazine.She immediately called Bina to come and see the pictures with her. The two women were stunned to see these pictures.They realized when it came to sex what a limited experience they had. They never sucked any cock or swalloed lover's cum. They had never experienced the joy of getting their pussies eaten. Only way their husbands made love to them was in missionary position and on a good day for three to four minutes at the best. These pictures made them hornier than ever.
"Look, that's the size of Sanjoy's penis."Rakha pointed at a guy in the picture with about nine inch shaft.
"I think that' s the size of Dipu's also." Bina joined in,"Oh, how I want one of these big cock inside me right now." She sighed and asked,"Where I'm going to find one grandma?"
"I think we got it right under our noses."Rekha jumped up in excitement."Listen very carefully and think before you answer grandma." She stopped to add some more excitement.
"What is it?"Bina asked impatiently,"Tell me, tell me."
"Why don't I fuck Dipu and you do Sanjoy."Rekha looked at Bina expectantly for her approval.
Bina was so horny she was wet between her legs.She liked the idea immediately.But istead of agreeimg immediately she walked towards the window.
"Say something," Rekha urged,"Please talk to me grandma, say at least yes or no."
"Ok!" Bina turned around and asked,"How we are going to do it?"
"We'll figure it out together." Rekha assured her,"Let me make some tea and then we'll talk."
Two young grandmothers chalked out a plan over cup of tea how to seduce each other sons.
They would wear sexy cloths like blouse without bra and would show each other's son lots of cleavage.They would accidentally touch them and would bend over in front of them.
"We should call it horny grandma's seduction plan." Rekha joked.
Grandma plan were going very good, beyond Rekha and Bina's expectation.Both boys were shocked and surprised at the begining.But soon they became eager participant.The big break came about a week later. As luck would have it, both of their husbands went out of town for seperate business trips.That night Bina and Rekha arranged to meet with Sanjoy and Dipu seperately to fulfill their carnal desires.
Next day after the boys left for their classes,Bina came to see Rekha.They both were grinning ear to ear.They had satiisfaction written all over their faces and an extra bounce on their steps.
"Tell me everything grandma," Rekha asked,"How did it go?"
"You first, you horny grandma."Bina insisted.
"It was like dream come true."Rekha tried to relive last night's wild encounter."At the begining he was shy.So I took his cock in my mouth and started sucking it. I never had done that before, but after few moments it felt so natural. Dipu has very sensitive balls.I started squeezing them and he came quickly in my mouth.I could not believe how much cum he was holding in his balls.Again this was my first time and I thought I would choke.But as his hot cum ran down my throat I began to like it." 
"I did the same thing."Bina interrupted,"please tell me more."
"No, now it's your turn you hornier grandma." Rekha smiled at her.
"After I sucked Sanjoy off, he did not waste anytime to get down on me." Bina continued,"He spread my vagina lips and started tongue fucking me deep inside.He found my clitoris and started sucking it like a candy. Nobody had ever done this to me before.My orgasm was building deep inside me. He inserted two fingers into my vagina and began to finger fuck me.I was squirming like a worm and for the first time in my life exploded in a series of orgasms." She stopped for a while to catch her breath."Sanjoy was hard again.But he was so sweet.He asked my permission if he could fuck me.When I said yes, he immediately entered his monster cock into my vagina.My vagina muscles expanded to accommodate his huge tool.It filled me up completely. He started pumping my vagina up and down. The whole room was filled with fucking sound of his cock going in and out of my slippery vagina. I lost count of how many time I came.Your son is such loving and caring person that you should be proud of him.When he was about to climax he asked me if he could come inside me.When I nodded he flooded my vagina with his hot sticky love juice."
Rekha and Bina were pleasantly surprised that how similar their love experiences were last night with Dipu ans Sanjoy. 
"Dipu complained about my pussy hair.He said it would be easier to eat it if it was shaven.What did Sanjoy say?"Rekha asked.
"He said the same thing."Bina replied,"I am thinking to shave my pussy.What about you?"
"Let's do it, come on grandma."Rekha answered right away.
"Now?"
"Yes now, you will shave mine and I'd shave yours."
Two of them went to the bathroom and stripped down quickly. Bina first shaved Rekha off. Rekha than very slowly shaved Bina's pussy hair.She took a wet towel and wiped it clean. Bina was now bisplaying a bald and shinny pussy.
"You have very nice looking pussy grandma." By saying that Rekha buried her face into Bina's love hole.
"What are you doing?" Bina tried to stop her.But it was too late.Rekha's tounge was already inside her pussy like a snake.
"You want me to stop grandma?" Rekha asked.
"No, but let's go to bedroom."Bina replied.
They ran to the bedroom like two kids and soon found themselves locked into a sixty nine position.Although this was first time they were licking pussies, being women,it came very naturally to them.They were licking each other clits and finger fucking each other pussies very slow and deliberate way. Last night they enjoyed Dipu and Sanjoy's forceful and somewhat rough handling of their pussies. Now they were also enjoying slow and tender touches of each other. It was totally different type of stimulant.After a long time they experienced almost  simultaneously a slow and long orgasm. Then they kissed each other deep in the mouth and shared each other love juices.
"This one we have to keep just between two of us, grandma."
"Agreed, grandma."
>>>>>>>>>>to be continued<<<<<<<<<<<<<
__________________________________________________

