The Runaway Girl
by Vanessa Evans

Part 02

Tom woke the next morning to the feeling of Ingrid bouncing up and down on his morning woody.

“Good morning Tom, you did say that you’d like to wake up this way.”

“I certainly did Ingrid. You know that there are other ways for a man to be nicely woken up?”

“You mean blowjobs, yes I know but I’m not very good at those, I never got much of a chance to learn, will you teach me please Tom?”

“It will be my pleasure Ingrid, in more ways than one.”


Ingrid didn’t take the T-shirt or wrap a towel round her when she went to the shower block and Tom watch as she walked past people without them reacting badly, and after Tom had been to the bathroom and they had had some breakfast Ingrid reminded Tom about the walk that he promised.

Tom packed everything away and got ready to leave the site then he took Ingrid’s hand and led her out and down the path.

They walked for a good twenty minutes with Ingrid only getting a couple of stares. Tom wondered if it was because she looked like a youngish kid or if people just didn’t care. That walk gave Tom some confidence to let her wander around naked at other places.


“Where are we going next Tom?” Ingrid asked as they drove out of the gate.

“Well, I had intended to bypass all big cities but you coming along has made me have to change my plans so we are going into Lisbon, to the first big shopping centre that we can find.”

“So I’ll have to wear one of your T-shirts then?”

“You certainly will, but it can be a short one, just so long as I can’t see you pussy or half your butt as we walk.”


Tom did a bit of internet searching on his laptop then keyed a destination into the satnav and they left the campsite with Ingrid again sitting in the front passenger seat totally naked except for the seatbelt that Tom insisted that she wear.

As they got closer and closer to Lisbon there were more and more vehicles on the road. The beeping of a few horns gave Tom the impression that some people were seeing Ingrid’s bare tits, and her feet because she kept putting her feet up on the dash. Tom wasn’t worried about that, they may have been a bit dirty but she wouldn’t scratch anything.


There was queues to get into the car park at the shopping centre and Tom was sure that people were seeing that Ingrid was at least topless but he was getting used to that and Ingrid definitely was unconcerned by it. 

Once parked at the back of the car park Tom told Ingrid to go and put on a T-shirt. She actually chose a polo shirt and Tom told her that she looked good in it, even though it barley covered her butt and pussy.

In they walked, Ingrid linking her arm in his and him wondering if her doing that caused the shirt to rise up and reveal something that shouldn’t be on display. It was a big shopping centre and Tom hoped that they could get everything that they wanted there. He was pleased when they came across a shoe shop quite quickly.

Inside, Tom told Ingrid to choose three pairs of sandals and off she went. He kept seeing her bend over to look at sandals on the lower shelves and Tom was sure that at least one man had seen her bare butt.

Ingrid wasn’t sure what size she wanted so Tom went with her to where she had seen each of the pairs and they had a guess at her size before taking boxes of that size and the size either side over to the seats that were for trying shoes on. 

At first Ingrid bent over on the seat to put the sandals on but Tom saw that that meant that her shirt was half way up her back leaving the people walking by under no illusion that she wasn’t wearing any knickers, so Tom tried a different approach, he knelt down in front of Ingrid and put the sandals on for her.

Fortunately, or not, Ingrid was in a playful mood and she kept leaning back and spreading her knees so that Tom got an eyeful of her pussy that was all set and shiny.

“The little minx is all aroused.” Tom thought as he fought to concentrate on the sandals.

It took a while but they finally settled on the three pairs that they wanted to buy and they headed to the checkout. As they queued Tom said,

“You young lady are a big cock tease and cock teasers often get spanked.”

“I’ve told you Tom, you can spank me whenever you want.”

Tom knew that he was beaten but he wasn’t upset by it, on the contrary, he was turned-on and was trying to imagine Ingrid over his lap and him turning her cute little butt red.

Once paid they went out of the shop and to one of the many seats spread around the place. 

“Which pair?” Tom asked.

“I’ll let you choose daddy.”

“Tom smiled and gave Ingrid that ‘you naughty girl’ look. 

Ingrid smiled then gave no one in particular a quick flash of her pussy by opening her knees quite wide for a couple of seconds then closing them. Tom shook his head sideways and smiled.

“Do you want me to put them on you as well you naughty little girl?”

“Yes please daddy.”

He did, Ingrid leaning back on the seat and spreading her knees a lot more than was necessary. Still smiling Tom got on his knees and put the sandals on Ingrid’s feet. He was sure that any of the numerous people who were walking by would be able to see her pussy but he was also sure that the vast majority of those people wouldn’t even look towards them.

When he was finished Tom thought that he’d give Ingrid something to think about so just before he got to his feet he reached forward and gently pinched the clit that always seems to me sticking out between her lips.

“Ouch.” Ingrid said as she closed her knees.”

“You tease me, I tease you.” Tom said as he rose to his feet.

“Okay, got me, but I’m not going to stop teasing you Tom.”

“Then I’m not going to stop pinching your clit or your nipples if I can get to them.”

“I think that our partnership is going to be very interesting.” Ingrid replied getting to her feet and moving them around to get used to the new sandals which made her a few centimetres taller, but her head was still at Tom’s shoulder height.

“Come on trouble, let’s go and find you some proper clothes.”

Ingrid linked arms and they started walking, again Tom wondering just how much of her butt was on display.


They found a fashion shop that looked as though it may well have something suitable and went in. Ingrid immediately went over to the racks of tops and when Tom caught up with her he said,

“Those are tops Ingrid, we want dresses.”

Ingrid pulled one garment off the rack, held it up in front of her and said,

“Look this is long enough for me, I won’t wear anything that comes down to my knees.”

Tom knew that it would take a battle to get her into a knee length dress and he didn’t want that, in fact he would be quite happy for Ingrid to wear short dresses, even ultra short dresses, just so long as no one could see her pussy and butt when she was just stood there.

“Okay, find a few that you like and then try them on.”

Ingrid did select half a dozen tops and then asked where the changing rooms where.

“No idea.” Tom replied then looked around. All he saw was a couple of curtained cubicles at the side of the store.

“Not a lot of privacy here is there?” he thought and led Ingrid over to them.

Ingrid went in one and partially closed the curtain. Tom stood outside and went to close the curtain properly but by the time he did that he saw that Ingrid was already totally naked. He watched her for a couple of seconds and again thought that her body was amazing.

When the curtain opened Tom saw a vision of beauty. If the top had a belt it would look like a short dress, and it wasn’t too short.

Ingrid leant forward and said,

“Can you see my tits?”

“Yes.”

She turned and bent over again and asked,

“Can you see my butt?”

“Yes.”

She stood up straight and asked the last question again.

“No.”

“Then this one will do.”

And she turned and went back into the cubicle and again only half closed the curtain. Tom moved in and closed it properly.

That sequence of events was repeated for all six tops that Ingrid had selected but after the third one Tom gave up on closing the curtain properly and just watched to see if anyone looked in and saw her naked.

After the sixth top was shown to Tom Ingrid asked him which ones to get.

“No Ingrid, it’s your choice, pick the three that YOU like the most.”

Ingrid looked through all of them and selected three. Tom wasn’t surprised that she picked the three made of the thinnest fabric. Tom had remembered them on her and on each of the three he could see where the skin of her areola is a few shades darker. He was also sure that if she’d had a dark bush he would have been able to see that as well.

Happy with the three ‘dresses’ they went looking for accessories. Ingrid is a ‘basics’ girl but she chose a couple of belts and some little stud earrings. Whilst looking at those she asked if she could get her nipples pierced.

“Certainly not, well not today, let me think about that one.” Tom replied.

Ingrid led the way to the sales counter and something caught Tom’s eye half way there. It was a display of one particular type of top and there was a mannequin wearing one. It was made of sparkly mesh, it had a polo neck and very large arm holes leaving the shoulders and half the way down to the mannequin’s waist uncovered. The front was narrow, only just covering the mannequin’s nipples and the whole thing went just to the waist.

On an impulse, Tom thought that Ingrid would look good in one of those once he’d managed to get her to wear a skirt. He picked up one of the packets and added it to the three tops then quickly caught up with Ingrid.

Tom paid the cashier and they went out to the main walkway.

“Toilets now, so that you can change into one of your dresses and look more like the beautiful girl that you are Ingrid.”

“Hold this please?” Ingrid said passing Tom the bag that the dresses were in. 

Then Tom got one hell of a shock, Ingrid got one of the dresses out, put it over Toms arm then pulled the polo shirt up and off leaving her naked in the walkway. Swapping the shirt with the dress she put the dress on then straightened it out. Finally she got a belt out of the bag and fastened it loosely round her hips.

Tom was watching all this but he was so surprised that he didn’t say anything until it was all over,

“Bloody hell Ingrid, are you trying to get us arrested.”
 
“I don’t see any policemen, come on, where to now.?”

“You keep on surprising me Ingrid, come on before the cops come looking for us. I need a drink.”


They walked to a cafe and took a seat at a table. Soon they had drinks and food and Ingrid was still eating like there was no tomorrow. When Ingrid was finished she lay back in her chair and rubbed her stomach.

“That was nice Tom, thank you.”

Tom was sat upright finishing his food and he could see what Ingrid was doing, in fact he could see her stomach right down to her slit and clit.

“Hair.” Tom said.

“I shaved it off, you said that you liked my new look Tom.”

“I do, you have a very nice pussy Ingrid but I didn’t mean that hair, your head hair.”

“Ah yes. Can we get it cut please?”

“Yes, we’ll go and have a look for a hairdresser now, do you now what style you want?”

“No, I just want it a bit shorter.”


After walking for a while they found a hairdressers and went in. There was the usual language barrier but they had lots of photographs for Ingrid to browse through and after a few minutes Tom saw her pointing to a blonde girl with her hair looking very much like Ingrid’s already was but a bit shorter and a lot tidier. Thirty minutes later they were walking out, both happy with Ingrid’s relatively new look.


“Now we need some knickers and a couple of bikinis for you Ingrid.” Tom said as they walked.

“No, I’m not going to wear knickers and I don’t want to wear a bikini, can’t we do what we did at FKK one year, paint a bikini on me?”

“I’m going to have a problem getting you street and beach legal at times aren’t I?”
 
“If it means me wearing a bikini, yes you are Tom.”

“Body paint you say?”

“Yes, it was waterproof because I went swimming with it on.”

“I guess that that could work but I don’t know what we’d do about your clit, what did you do at the FKK do?”

“Nothing it is what it is.”

“I guess that it didn’t really matter at your FKK did it.”

“No it didn’t.”

“I always fancied myself a bit of an artist. Okay, let’s try and find somewhere that sells body paint.” Tom added.


When they got back to the motorhome Tom got his laptop out of the lock-box and was soon on the internet searching for body paint suppliers in Lisbon and he was amazed when he found three places that sold it. As they were driving to the nearest one Tom told Ingrid that he was always, he thought, good at art at school and that painting basic clothes on her would re-kindle the peaceful times that he had when he was painting.

“So can you paint a portrait of me please.”

“Sorry honey, I was never that good.”

Ingrid was disappointed but not that disappointed because Tom was confident that he could paint a bikini or shorts and a top on her and that would mean that she could go almost anywhere wearing just the paint.

Again there were language problems in the shop but the app on Tom’s phone came to the rescue and they left with quite a stock of waterproof paints, brushes, stencils and some special paint removing soap, the sales girl using Tom’s phone to tell him that the special soap would not damage Ingrid’s skin. Tom smiled when he realised that the sales girl had correctly assumed that he was going to paint Ingrid and he wondered if she guessed what he was going to paint on her.

As they left Ingrid said something that made Tom think that she was convinced that she’d be able to wear just paint wherever they went where clothes would be expected.


After stopping at a supermarket to get a lot of toiletries for Ingrid and some fresh food they set off driving again, continuing into the night before stopping at a rest area where Ingrid proved that she wasn’t just a pretty face by cooking a very pleasant meal for the two of them, Ingrid saying that she had to learn to cook because her parents were too lazy to cook.

They ended the day with Tom showing Ingrid how good he was at eating her pussy.

*****

Ingrid returned the compliment when she woke before Tom who taught her the etiquette of giving a good blowjob and it’s fair to say that Ingrid was a very enthusiastic student. 

By the time that they’d stopped the previous night they were half way to the Algarve so when they finally got moving again it was only a couple of hours before they were looking for somewhere to park up for a couple of days.

They struck lucky as they came to a long, narrow car park right next to the beach. There were no buildings or ticket machines and there were a few other motorhomes parked there along with quite a few cars. What’s more, some of the motorhomes looked like they’d been there for days.

Tom reversed that motorhome into a vacant space then went outside to lower the stabilisers. Ingrid followed him out still totally naked. Tom looked around and as he could only see one person, an old man, he ignored Ingrid’s nakedness and got on with his tasks.  

When he was satisfied that the motorhome was level he looked for Ingrid and saw her, still naked and walking across the beach towards the sea.

Tom had a quick panic until he saw that no one was really staring at the naked fourteen year old girl. Not knowing if the people didn’t care that any person was naked on the beach of if they were ignoring her because they thought that she was just a kid, and who cares what a kid wears or doesn’t wear, Tom locked the van and started walking after her.

He didn’t quite catch up with her because by the time he got to the water’s edge, Ingrid was swimming a few metres from the shore. Tom watched as she frolicked around, sometimes diving down leaving her legs and butt out of the water for a split second.

When she finally walked out of the water and up to Tom she said,

“I always did love swimming naked, the feeling of the water rushing past my pussy is awesome” Ingrid said as she walked out of the water straight to Tom who looked at her and saw a vision of beauty. “You should try it Tom, it might feel the same on your cock.”

“I will Ingrid, but not right now, I just want to have a couple of very relaxing days doing nothing, I just hope that the other vans don’t leave before night time because if they do I’m guessing that it’s illegal to stay overnight.”

“So do I Tom, assuming that we stay here for a few days will you make an exception to not doing anything? I want you to do me lots of times.”

Tom smiled and replied,

“I’ll make an exception for you Ingrid.”


Some of the other vans didn’t move so neither did Tom’s and it wasn’t just Ingrid that he did for a couple of days, when they got up each morning Ingrid persuaded Tom to go skinny dipping and Tom did enjoy it. So much so that he was as eager as Ingrid to do it again. 

They again made love that first night there and at least twice each of the subsequent days. 

When they were around the motorhome, and that includes just outside, Ingrid stayed naked and it was the same when they went for walks along the beach. Apart from the odd man staring at her no one took any notice of her nudity which made Tom more confident that they would be able to get away with her being naked a lot more than he had originally expected.


On the third day, after a naked swim a good fuck, breakfast and a shower, Tom decided that he needed to find out if it was possible for one of his lawyer’s contacts to obtain some British documentation for Ingrid. Telling Ingrid to go for a walk along the beach whilst he made a phone call. Tom phoned his lawyer and told him that he had met an eighteen year old German woman who had escaped from an abusive relationship and she had to get as far away from her abuser as possible. 

When asked if the woman had any German identification documents Tom told him that the woman had to leave everything behind when she escaped and hitched a ride to Spain. Tom told his lawyer that he wanted documents to enable her to travel abroad, get a job and get medical care if she ever needed, all in a new name.

Again when asked, Tom assured his lawyer that the woman definitely wasn’t running from the law. 

The lawyer told Tom that he knew a man who might know another man who may be able to help him but it would cost him and he’d need a passport type photograph of the woman. He also told Tom that they should keep email and text contact on this subject down to an absolute minimum. This didn’t surprise Tom because he was quite aware of cyber security and what analysts can find out if they really set their mind on something.

Tom gave his lawyer a long encryption key that he would need to decrypt the file that he would email to him that would contain a photograph of the woman and they agreed that the lawyer would send an email to Tom when he had any news and that the email would contain just two words, ‘phone me’.

Satisfied that the phone call had gone as well as he had hoped, Tom went outside to look for Ingrid. At first he wasn’t too worried when he couldn’t see her anywhere so he got a beer out of the fridge and went and sat outside looking out over the beach.


About an hour later and no sign of Ingrid, Tom started having some worrying thoughts, the girl had gone off totally naked, anything could have happened to her. Tom worried for nearly another hour before she appeared behind him saying,

“Hey Tom, there’s a restaurant about a kilometre along the beach, we could have eaten there instead of you having to put up with my cooking.”

“Ingrid, Ingrid, Ingrid, you naughty girl, you shouldn’t have gone so far and judging by the direction that you came back from you didn’t stay on the beach.”

“No, when I found that restaurant I looked through window then walked back down the road, I’d forgotten how hot roads can get so I had to stop a couple of times for my feet to cool down. I’m sorry if I scared you, I didn’t mean to go off the beach, are you going to punish me?”

“Do you think that I should punish you Ingrid?”

“Well you did tell me to stay on the beach and I didn’t so I guess that I do deserve to be punished.”

“And what do you think would be an appropriate punishment Ingrid?”

By that time both of them knew where the conversation was going and both were looking forward to the inevitable. 

“I think that you should spank me Tom.”

“So do I Ingrid, but before I spank you I have to tell you that there is an etiquette for being spanked.”

“A what?”

“A set of rules that the spankee is expected to follow.”

“And those are?”

“The girl must be totally naked and she must lay over the spanker’s lap with her stomach resting on the spanker’s erection. The girl must then spread her legs as wide as she can and when each swat lands she must verbally count the swats and thank the spanker for each swat. Do you understand me Ingrid?”

“Yes, I think so, where did you learn all these etiquette things?”

“Watching videos.”

“You mean porn videos Tom?”

“Yes I do.”

“Can we watch porn videos together please Tom?

“Are you just trying to delay the spanking Ingrid?”

“No, honest, we can start right now if you want.”

“No not yet Ingrid, I need to take some photographs of you today, the spanking will be in a few days, give you time to think about it.”

 “Photographs of me? Why?”

“Because I want to?”

“Okay, where do you want me?”

“I need some of the photographs to have a blank, white background so I have decided to hang a bedsheet on the side of the van and use that as a background.”

“Okay, I can get that ready. Will the spanking hurt Tom?”

“Yes but I’m hoping that it will do more than hurt.”

“Like what?”

“That needs to be a surprise for you Ingrid.”


Ingrid got one of the bedsheets and together they wedged it on the side of the van.

“Go and brush your hair Ingrid, I want you looking at your best.”

“Then point the camera at my little tits and pussy Tom.”

“I will but I want some photos of your face and your whole body first.”


When Ingrid came back Tom looked at her and thought that she could have a modelling career if she wanted one. Then he got her to stand in front of the bedsheet and started taking photos. At one point Ingrid asked him why he wanted a photo of just her face with a serious expression. Thinking quick Tom replied,

“So I have a contrast with the next few shots that you will be smiling in.”

Ingrid accepted that and continued posing as directed. Then they moved on to the more interesting photos with Tom getting Ingrid to pose in quite a few normal, holiday maker situations, but with her being naked.

Finally he moved on to the more explicit photos, some with Ingrid just standing there with just her slit and clit on display, some with her legs spread at various distances, and then the real money shots, just her pussy, some with her fingering herself and some with her playing with her clit.

When they were done Tom led her into the van and they fucked for a good half hour before they went for another swim. That was the first time that Tom had gone onto the beach during the middle of the day having left his shorts in the van. It was only when they were walking back to the motorhome that Tom realised that he was the only naked adult on the beach. But having said that, as he looked around he saw that no one was taking any notice of what looked like an innocent father and daughter walking back to their motorhome after going for a naked swim.

Tom was please with himself.


Later that day Ingrid went for another swim and happily strode off onto the beach as naked as the day she was born. Tom had told her that he’d follow her soon because there was a little job that he had to do. As soon as she had left he got out his laptop and selected one of Ingrid’s photographs. Then he cropped it so that he was left with a photo that met the requirements for a passport photo. 

Next he emailed it to his lawyer in an encrypted file with no explanation as to what or why he had sent it. The lawyer was expecting it and would know what it was for.

Then he took his shorts off, locked the van and walked across the beach to the sea. He was quite pleased with himself for being on that beach just as naked as Ingrid was and there still being a few other people there. 

When he got to Ingrid they splashed and messed around before having sex in the water then walking back to the motorhome hand in hand.


They stayed there for three more night before moving on. On the evening of the last day they walked along the beach to the restaurant, Ingrid naked, of course, but Tom carrying one of her new ‘dresses’ for her to wear in the restaurant where they had a great meal. Tom let Ingrid have a glass of wine and he noticed that she raises her voice and her German accent gets a bit stronger when she is affected by alcohol.

They talked and talked about both of their backgrounds and Tom realised that Ingrid had had quite a rough time, never really having had the time to be a child, but thankfully with no abuse. Tom was more determined than ever to give her a good time over the next eleven or so months. 

Ingrid had just about been running a hotel just for her parents, her having to do everything which probably explained why she was good at cooking and keeping the motorhome clean and tidy. Tom decided that when the time and place was right he was going to treat her to a week in a five-star hotel and have her pampered with everything that the hotel offered.

Tom explained to Ingrid how he had made his fortune and promised to teach her some of his skills adding that if she were in England she would be going to school five days a week so he was going to home school her, not in some of the irrelevant subjects but in the subjects that she would need for her later life.

Ingrid didn’t relish the thought of having the motorhome used as a classroom but came round a bit when Tom told her that the lessons wouldn’t be long ones and that there would be rewards for her doing well. 

When asked what sort of rewards Tom said that his mouth wouldn’t be used for talking but for eating. Ingrid was a little disappointed and maybe confused until Tom moved his hand to Ingrid’s thigh and then slid it up, flicked her clit and said,

“Eating this.”


After the meal they walked back along the road. As soon as they were outside Ingrid took off her dress and asked Tom to carry it for her saying that she was too warm. Tom wasn’t sure if it was the alcohol that was making her warm or if she just wanted to be naked. 

Tom carried the dress for her and hoped that none of the cars driving along the road were police cars.

“Can we practice what we’ll do during the breaks between lessons please Tom?” Ingrid asked as they approached the van.

Just as soon as they were inside they did, getting into one of their favourite positions, 69.

*****

The next morning, after a slight delayed getting ready, they drove off and further along the coast taking all the minor roads so that they saw more of the scenery. They stopped at a little restaurant for something to eat, Ingrid complaining that she had to put something on to go inside.

Then it was back on the road, Tom having spotted signs for a campsite which he followed. 

This campsite was much bigger than the last one that they were at and had a lot more facilities. When Tom went back to the van after visiting the reception he told Ingrid that they were going to stay there for a week.

“How far is it to the beach Tom?” Ingrid asked.

“About half a kilometre I am told.”

“Good, I want to sunbathe on the beach.”

“They have a swimming pool here, and other things as well Ingrid.”

“Okay, once we’ve got setup can we go for a walk around and see what it’s like?”

“Of course we can.”

“Can you paint a bikini on me so that I can go naked?”

“That’s a good idea Ingrid, but I warn you it might look a bit, shall we say untidy.”
 
“Worse than the clothes I was wearing when we first met?”

“I doubt it.”

“Then it will be okay.”


They drove to their pitch and were pleased that the pitches were quite spaced apart. This time they prepared the van together with Tom showing Ingrid what to do but not showing her how to empty the waste tanks, he decided to leave that slightly unpleasant task for another day.

Whilst they were doing all that, Ingrid hadn’t put any clothes on and they had noticed a handful of people walking by and only seen one dog walker do a double take when he saw Ingrid. 

Satisfied that the van was all sorted Ingrid got out some of the body paint tins and brushes and put them on the table that she had setup outside the van. When Tom came out he looked at what was on the table then said,

“What colour bikini would madam like today?”

“A red one please daddy.”

They both smiled then as Tom sorted out what he would need he again told Ingrid that he had never done any body painting before and that it might not look too good.

“I don’t care Tom, my swimsuits always looked horrible on me, my parents would never buy me a decent one. One time I had to take part in swimming lessons at school wearing just my knickers.” 

“Well I don’t think that that will ever happen again Ingrid.”

“No, I’ve not got any knickers any more have I?”

“Nope, now stand still Ingrid, I’m going to mark out the triangles for your top.”

“Not too big I hope Tom.”


Ingrid managed to stand quite still as Tom painted the outlines of the top, and the strings that would ‘hold up’ the top. As he sat on a chair in front of her staring at her tits in the bright sunlight he got the best view of them that he’d ever seen, They are small, from edge to edge of each one is not even big enough to fill one of Tom’s hands but they are conical and very firm. And as for the nipples and areolae, well Tom just wanted to lean forwards and start chewing the nearest one. The areolae are quite small but the nipples are big, Tom comparing them to the last section of one of his little fingers.

“What?” Ingrid said when she saw him smiling.

“Oh I was just comparing the size of your nipples to the size of your clit.”

“And?”

“And all three are VERY chewable. I’m sure that they are all bigger than average even for a fully grown woman.”

“Is that a good thing Tom?”

“It certainly is for me Ingrid, and I’m sure that they are above average sensitivity as well.”  

“They’re certainly very sensitive, if you keep brushing them like that I’m going to cum. Heavens only knows how many times I’ll cum when you paint my clit.”

“Ah well, I’ve been thinking about that, I’ve decided that for the first time that I paint you I’m not going to paint your clit or the insides of your slit.”

“Why, I was looking forward to the brush making me cum.”

“Sorry sweetheart but I don’t want to taste paint when I lick you down there.”

“In that case I forgive you but won’t my pink clit stand out from the red bottoms?”

“Possibly, no, definitely, but I’m hoping that ninety-nine percent of the people that look at you will just see the red bottoms and not look long enough to register the little pink finger   poking out between you lips.”

“I hope that the men do.”

“You know Ingrid, so do I, I’m starting to get to enjoy your exhibitionism.”

“Good, so does that mean that you are going to take me everywhere with my ‘pink finger’ as you call it on display for everyone to see?”

“Not everywhere but more places than I had originally thought of.”

“Good, I love you Tom.”


“There was that ‘L’ word again,” Tom thought “I guess that in her own way she does love me, and in my own way I do lover her but more like a great friend with benefits, and wow, what benefits.”


Tom finished the red bikini top then told Ingrid that he was going to do her bottoms next then come back and use a stencil to put a pattern on to make them look more realistic.

Tom got Ingrid to stand on a chair so that her pussy and butt were at his head height then he looked at her front and decided that the bikini that he paint wouldn’t be as small as some of the future times that he’d paint on her. He was going to make it what he imagined would be average for girls her age, not that he’d ever stared at girls Ingrid’s age, that is until Ingrid came along he just though of kids that age to be just annoying brats.

As Tom was painting over her pubis he saw another reason why painting her lips and clit would have caused a problem, they were almost dripping with her juices, he doubted that the paint would stick to those parts of her body.

About twenty five minutes later he was just about done.

“Just need to check you out and let you do the same Ingrid, climb off the chair and stay their whilst I get the camera, I want us both to see what you look like from other people’s eyes.”

Tom got the camera and took quite a few photographs. With them being out in the bright sunlight there were no dull areas or shadows and when they viewed them on his laptop Tom was a little worried that her nipples and clit were too obvious to get away with being out and about like that. Ingrid on the other hand was obviously very proud of her assets and wanted to go out straight away.

Putting the laptop and camera back in the lock-box, Tom locked the van and they set off on a tour of the campsite.

“So can you feel the paint?” Tom asked.

“Not really, I think that by the time we’ve got to the next corner I will have forgotten that I’m painted and that I will feel totally naked.”

“Which you arguably are. I think that I need to go on the internet and try to find out what the legal position is.”

“But in the meantime Tom, let’s go.”

“Okay, but try to keep your legs together as much as you can Ingrid, if anyone sees your pussy they will know instantly that you are naked.”

“Okay,” Ingrid replied as she took hold of Tom’s hand and tried to pull him along faster.


It’s fair to say that Tom was impressed at the lack of attention that Ingrid was attracting as they walked all over the site and saw what it had to offer. There was probably enough facilities and entertainment there to keep people occupied for all of their holiday, if they were happy doing that but Tom wasn’t, well he hadn’t been until Ingrid came along. She had had more of an effect on him than he realised and when Ingrid pointed out the bar and said that they could eat there every night and watch the entertainment that was advertised Tom didn’t feel displeased with the idea.

There was a swimming pool there as well and Ingrid wanted to go for a quick swim saying that she wanted to cool down, adding the words, ‘if you know what I mean’.

He did, smiled and gave her a quick slap on her butt as she walked to the pool. It was only after he saw her cute little butt and the intact paint job that he thought that slapping her butt might not have been a good idea.

Tom stood and watched as Ingrid dove in and swam a couple of lengths before stopping and looking around. There was a couple of boys about her age looking at her but there was no way that they could have known that she was only wearing paint, everything below her neck was under the water.

Ingrid looked at the boys only for a second then back to Tom then she blew him a kiss before doing two more lengths then getting out right in front of the boys. She stood above them looking down at them for a few seconds then walked back to Tom and reached up and kissed him on his cheek.

Tom was watching her and the boys and he was sure that Ingrid was deliberately letting the boys see her pussy for the few seconds that she was just stood there. When she got to Tom he said,

“You’ll get into trouble letting boys see your pussy like that Ingrid.”

“No I won’t, what boy is going to complain about seeing a girl’s pussy?”

Tom laughed and replied,

“Way beyond your years young lady.”

Ingrid knew what Tom meant and she smiled at Tom as she linked arms with him as they walked. 

Having said all that he just had, Tom was starting to relax more about Ingrid’s state of dress. So far she had had no complaints and just a few funny looks, and the same was true when they went into the little shop that was on site to get an ice cream. Ingrid even asked Tom for the money so that she could go and pay for them and the woman behind the counter hardly even looked at Ingrid.


They walked around the rest of the site and Tom wasn’t surprised when Ingrid showed no interest in the kids play area, he’d got the impression that her parents had always kept her busy at home and never let her play with other kids.

They got to the campsite exit to a path to the beach. When Tom had been registering at the site’s reception he’d asked how far away the beach was and had been told ‘about half a kilometre’, but when they turned a corner and saw the beach Tom didn’t think that it was that far. 

However far it was they were soon feeling the sand between their toes as they looked around and saw quite a lot of people there. Tom took Ingrid’s hand and led her through the people to the water’s edge then along the beach. They passed lots of people, none of whom appeared to care what Ingrid was or wasn’t wearing.

They stopped when the got to the area that was obviously designated for water sports and they watched people parasailing and using jet-skis. They also saw some people getting into a boat, all carrying scuba diving equipment.

“Do you fancy having a go at that?” Tom asked.

“Please can I have a go at all three Tom?” 

“I’m glad that you said that because I was just thinking that I wanted to try all three and I didn’t want to leave you behind.”

“I also want to try being fucked in the water, a girl that I used to know said that it was wonderful.”

“Oh we are definitely going to do that Ingrid. In fact, let’s walk back the other end of the beach and if we make it without anyone saying anything about your nudity we’ll go for a swim and I’ll fuck you while you float on your back.”

“Deal.” Ingrid replied and put her hand out for Tom to shake.

As Tom vigorously shook Ingrid’s hand he looked at her tits to see how much they wobbled and he was pleased to see that they hardly moved. He also watched her nipples and tried to think if he’d ever seen a girl with bigger and harder nipples. He drew a blank.

Tom let go of her right hand then took her left hand and they started walking.

“What was the violent shaking of my hand for Tom? Is that some sort of English thing that no one told us about in school?

“No, I just wanted to see if your tits bounced.”

“They’re not big enough to bounce Tom.”

“I know, they’re nice, I like them just as they are.”

“So you’re not planning on paying for me to have a boob job then?”

“Hell no.”

“Good, because I like them as they are.”

“You know that they’ll probably grow bigger don’t you?”

“I know, I just hope that they don’t grow too big.”

“Well if they do I’ll pay to get them cut down to the size that you want Ingrid.”

“Thank you Tom.” 


They walked the full length of the beach and as they got close to the end they saw that the rocks offered some opportunities for secluded fucking. Tom didn’t say anything but he decided that he was going to take Ingrid behind those rocks sometime and try to fuck her brains out.


“Well we made it and no one said anything Tom.”

“We certainly did Ingrid, come on, our first proper sea fuck, I hope that the paint doesn’t come off.”

Still holding hands as they walked into the sea, Ingrid saying,

“I’m not bothered if it does.”


They splashed and swam around for a few minutes before Tom told Ingrid to float on her back. Before she did that she stood in front of him and unfastened his shorts, held his cock and said,

“Just making sure that you’re ready Tom.”

“Oh I’m ready Ingrid, since you came into my life I’ve been ready nearly all the time.”

With a big grin on her face Ingrid lay back and lifted her legs either side of Tom.

As Tom moved Ingrid back and forwards with his cock going in and out of her Ingrid thought,

“Heidi was right, this is wonderful, relaxing, sensual, naughty and sort of natural, and I’m going to cum if Tom keeps doing this.”

He did, and she did, neither of them even thinking that people may be watching them.

When they’d both cum and Tom’s cock started getting soft Tom pulled Ingrid up and kissed and hugged her. When they finally broke the kiss Ingrid said,

“Can we do that every day please Tom?”

Tom gave her body a squeeze and replied,

“If at all possible, yes we can. With us fucking before we go to sleep, when we wake up and  now in the sea every day it’s going to be a challenge for you to put some weight on and I’ll get as skinny as you are.”

“Maybe Tom, maybe, but it will be worth it.”

“It certainly will Ingrid.”


They waded out of the sea still holding hands and Tom checking Ingrid’s paint job. He was pleased when he saw that it was still intact. Walking through the lots of people sat and laying in the beach Tom was pleased that Ingrid wasn’t really attracting any attention but at the same time Ingrid was a little unhappy that most of the men there weren’t even looking at her.

Back at the motorhome Tom was pleased that the dealer who he’d bought the van from had put two chairs and two loungers in the big storage locker. When he’s first seen them he’d thought that it was a waste of space but now he was grateful because they both lay out in the sun on the loungers.

Tom thought about sunscreen for Ingrid. In spite of her blonde hair she had a golden tan and Tom always thought that blondes got sunburnt easily but that was obviously untrue. 

He had a bottle of sunscreen in the van so he went and got it. Ingrid was laying on her stomach but she jumped when Tom squeezed a big blob of the sunscreen onto her back.

“What was that Tom? Has a bird just pooped on me”?

“No Ingrid, it’s sunscreen, I don’t want you to burn.”

“I went for months in the forest without sunscreen and I only went all red once.”

“Well from now on we are going to look after your skin Ingrid, I’m sure that you want to keep it nice and soft.” 
 
“I do for you Tom. What about the paint? Will the sunscreen got through it?”

“I doubt it and I also doubt that the sun will tan you through the paint. We’ll have to keep an eye on that, we don’t want any tan lines.”

“No I don’t, if I start to see one starting I’ll just have to go everywhere without paint.”

“We’ll see Ingrid, we’ll see.”


Ingrid enjoyed having Tom rub the sunscreen over all the unpainted parts of her body and when he was doing her upper legs she spread them and Tom couldn’t resist making her cum on the pretext of making sure that her lips and clit were covered.

When he was done Ingrid insisted on doing Tom as well and when she was doing his legs she got his cock out and gave him a blowjob before putting his cock away then laying on her lounger again.


The sun was starting to go down when Tom decided that it was time to have a shower. He got their shower things and towels and led Ingrid to the shower block. He was pleased to find a couple of family shower cubicles and they shared one. Unsurprisingly they fucked again before rinsing then drying each other.

Tom inspected Ingrid’s paint job and was a bit surprised that it was still intact. He’d half expected to have to try to get Ingrid to wrap a towel round her for the walk back to the van.

As they did walk back to the van the sun had gone down and it was starting to get dark. Tom looked at Ingrid and saw that even under the street lights her ‘bikini’ looked quite real. That fact gave Tom some encouragement for the evening. He’d seen where he’d assumed that the entertainment would be and he’d hoped that Ingrid could get away with not having to wear anything over her paint job. 

A short while later they left the motorhome after Ton explained that if they couldn’t get a table somewhere where the lighting wasn’t very good they might have to go back to the van to get a dress for her. Ingrid wasn’t too happy but accepted it.


As they approached the cafe Tom saw that things looked good. The entertainment stage was outside and quite a few people were sat eating and drinking at tables in front of the stage. Tom led Ingrid to a table at the back where the lighting was poor and within a minute they were approached by a girl wearing a short, black skirt and a white blouse, and carrying a tray with some empty glasses on it.

The girl didn’t stare at Ingrid as she took their drinks order and left a menu for them. A few minutes later she was back with the drinks and again she didn’t stare at Ingrid as Tom ordered his meal then she said,

“And what would you like for your daughter?”

Tom turned to Ingrid and let her order her own meal.

“We’re going to get that a lot you know.” Tom said.

“I know, but I don’t care, you and I know the truth, that you are my saviour, my lover, my hero and my sugar daddy. Is that term right Tom?”

“Yes it is, I hadn’t thought about it but guess that I am your sugar daddy Ingrid and I wouldn’t have it any other way.”


Ingrid’s almost nudity went pretty much unnoticed mainly because they were sat at a table near the back of the outdoor area where the lighting wasn’t so good. There were two acts on the stage that night, the first was a comedian who wasn’t that funny. It didn’t help that he told all the jokes twice, once in English and again in German which were the languages of most people on the site. 

The second act was a band who played quite a variety of numbers, all in English. As the evening wore on some people were dancing but Tom didn’t fancy taking Ingrid over to the dance area. This was mainly because of what she was wearing, a painted on bikini being a lot less than just about all the other campers who had made an effort for the evening. Tom told her that they’d dance another evening when she was wearing something made of fabric.


Tom and Ingrid left as soon as the band stopped playing and before long they were back at the motorhome performing what had become their favourite sex positions, a 69 until they’d both cum, then Ingrid sucking Tom’s cock until it got hard at which point Ingrid would get on her elbows and knees and they’d fuck until the both had cum again.

As they’d been doing the last part Tom had slapped Ingrid’s butt a couple of times and afterwards when they were recovering Ingrid asked him when she was going to get that spanking that he’d promised her.

“Why the rush Ingrid?” Tom asked.

“Because each time that I think about it my pussy tingles and gets all wet.”

“And you like that don’t you?”

“Of course.”

“Well Ingrid, sometimes the anticipation can be more enjoyable that the main event. You might not like being spanked and not want to be spanked ever again so you would never experience those nice anticipation feelings ever again.”

“I hadn’t thought of that Tom, but I still want to be spanked.”

“Keep having those nice anticipation thoughts for a bit longer Ingrid.”

“So you’re not going to spank me tonight then?”

“No Ingrid, go to sleep.”

“Can I go to sleep with your hand between my legs please Tom?”

Tom moved so that it was easy for him to put his hand on her wet pussy. Once there he bent his middle finger so that it penetrated her and just left it there.

*****