TWINS IN LOVE

PART 16

    We could all see the smiles from everyone at the table as we entered the kitchen. Our plates were already set. 
Now, I realized that Donna would have her seat next to me from now on at the table.

One of the many other changes that would occur.

   Her mother was seemingly relieved now, after talking with her sister.

She would stay one more night with us, up in Karen's room once again, and then move her things down the road to her sister's.


    It wasn't as bad as she feared in telling her sister of the monster story.
Her sister had already formed conclusions that something was going on at their house long ago.

    "Everything OK with YOU two?" mom asked.

"Oh yeah mom." I said.
"Everything will be fine."

   I noticed THAT certain smile once again from mom.
I also wondered which of them it was, that had peeked into my bedroom earlier while Donna and I were really into it?

   I'm going for a swim in the pool after dinner." Karen said.
"Anyone want to join me?"

   "Well, I'd love to go in myself, but we are going to my brother's office after dinner with Marie." dad said.

   "Should I go too, mom?" Donna asked.
"No, not this first time honey. It will be hard enough and probably difficult enough for him to handle what I have to do tonight." 
"I don't think it will be necessary for you to have to be there this time."

    "OK then Karen, we'll join you out at the pool too."
I said. 
Her face brightened immediately.

     Soon, Donna automatically started to clean the table and between her and Karen, had started doing the dishes. 

It seemed as if they had both done this a million times already, the way the worked together.

     Cindi called and was asking permission to stay over night at Missy's?
I sensed mom's hesitation, but she relented.
I knew that mom wasn't being fooled in thinking she was JUST with Missy. She knew damn well that Cindi was really tight with her brother Phil.

    I sensed that she was relying on what she had taught all of us through the years now.

Mom offered Marie a change of clothes until hers were all taken out of her car and sorted.
The two of them now disappeard upstairs.

   Dad went in the living room to read the paper and I went up to change into my bathing suit along with Karen and Donna.

   The four women all in mom's room gabbing as they all changed.
   Oh, how I would have liked to peek in THERE at this minute, I idly thought.

I was already down at the pool as the girls finally came down and slid in the water.

I immediately made a mental note to write a very nice letter to whoever invented two piece bathing suits.

   Karen mentioned that her guy, Bobby might stop over tonight for a little while after work.
Now the girls egged me into the pool and we horsed around for quite a while before getting out and ended up laying on air mattresses.

   The girls on either side of me.
Mom came down and said they were leaving and might stop for a drink afterward. She looked so damn sharp in her blouse and skirt. 

Her blond hair done in some kind of swirl now.
Damn. Again, I was getting these sexy thoughts of her!

That damn "special" smile to me again as she noticed ME noticing HER!

   Did I actually see her thrust up her tits purposely in that tight blouse?
   Did she actually seem to push them out and make her nipples show so hard?

   No, I thought, I was imagining things!
Donna came over and sat on my lap now as we had a drink.
Karen didn't miss a trick in watching Donna moving my 
hand up to her tit under the bra, for a quick feel and kiss.

    A little later Bobby was walking into the yard making Karen quite happy and watching her "isolate him" into a corner on a lounge.

    She explained that Donna was now staying with us, but didn't tell him why.
It wasn't long before the four of us were busy entertaining our RAGING HORMONES and were all busy kissing and feeling each other up.

   We could hear Karen telling Bobby that they went topless at the river the other day, and it was fun. 
Now his voice becoming a little louder as he urged her to do it HERE.

    "Well......If Donna will, I will."

"Will what Karen." she asked.

"Oh, Bobby wants me to take my top off like we did at the river with Kenny there."
"He's jeeeeaaaallllooouuuss!!!

Donna looked at me. "I don't care honey. It's up to you and her."
"Oh, what the hell Donna. They're our boyfriends!"

 "Let's give them their thrill. I like being topless in the pool anyway."

Karen stood now, and faced us. Telling Bobby to do the honors. We could see him reaching up in back and untying her top. 

She let it fall to the patio. Her beautiful tits now springing free. I couldn't miss her hard nipples proudly standing up.
She seemed so happy that she could now show them to me like this.
Her smile and gaze was right at me.

Now Donna stood and said the same to me as I also untied her top.
Now both girls were standing and giggling.
Soon, they both jumped in the pool.

   Bobby was smiling over at me at this new adventure of seeing them swimming half naked.

I knew if he played his cards right that Karen would have him upstairs very soon so they could make love before mom and dad got back home.

We should force you guys to take off your trunks too! they giggled.

"Don't tempt me honey" I said to Donna.

Now, Karen swam to the other side where Bobby was and climbed out. 
God! I could see her whole pussy almost when she raised her leg this way. Her ass in my direction.
I wondered if she realized it or was doing it deliberately to tease ME.

 Donna came back and sat on my lap again. This time, not bothering to hide the fact that my hand was now on her bare tit in front of my sister and Bobby.
They were also doing about the same too, along with kissing.

   I watched the way he was caressing her tits as he kissed her. He was a pretty beefy guy and his hands almost completely covered her tit.

   This was a first for all of us like this. I liked the idea that Karen had engineered it.
I knew Bobby was happy also. After all, his hand was filled with the nice soft tit of my sister.

    It wasn't long before Karen stood and was pulling Bobby by the hand passed us and up to her room.

I realized that there was no longer any need for Donna and I to follow them. We could now make love any time we wanted to.

   We went back in the pool and I leaned to take her bottoms off now.
She turned and did mine now as we stood in the pool.

Both of us holding each other and kissing.

We swam around the pool naked for quite a while before  going up to OUR room. Still carrying our suits.

We could hear Karen softly moaning as we figured that Bobby was now fulfilling her hope of having his cock in her.

    Donna and I spent a lot of time touching and kissing each other before she got on top of me and lowered herself down on my hardened cock and fucked me.

Both of us learning each other and what moves seemed to please each other more and more.

    We fucked quite a long time now, before we neared our orgasms. Donna softly moaning and not holding back as I watched her cum, and waited for me several minutes later, shooting hard up into her.
Waching her eyes close and open softly as she felt my spurts up into her.

    She fell down on me with my cock still in her and we stayed that way. 

Karen knocked softly, but before we could even answer, she came in all excited. 
Her FIRST time seeing us BOTH naked together and with my cock still in Donna like this.

    Donna seemed a bit surprised and was going to move off me and under the blankets but Karen qickly assured her that she had done just the same thing, but Bobby had to get home with his dad's car again.

  Her duster was now wide open as she sat there in the dim lit room. Not seeming to care that Donna now realized she was deliberately letting me see her completely naked.

   "Oh, it was fun being able to take our tops off like that in front of you guys, wasn't it Donna?
"Yeah, these guys DO get excited over seeing them, don't they?"

Donna was still uncovered and her bare ass and pussy was still laying directly over my cock.
My arms were around her.

    "Oh Bobby fucks nice, she sighed. I was so happy he was able to make it over tonight."

"Did you guys have a good fuck too?" she smiled at Donna.
"Oh yeah, Its always nice with Kenny." 

I felt Donna's pussy circle my cock lightly now, as she answered.

   I realized that Donna was becoming more comfortable with Karen seeing both of us naked like this and her being on top of my cock.

    "Well, maybe we can ALL go naked down by the river next time Kenny."

"It seem's so nice like this now, Donna." 
"Now that you're here with us."
 
"Don't worry, Kenny and I have seen each other naked over the years!"

"Remember. we're twins, also."
"And now we're all making love with our guys!!!"
....OOOHHH its so exciting."

   "Yeah, it is." as Donna finally moved next to me and crossed her legs. Not bothering any longer about her tits. 
"We were getting hot watching Bobby feel your tits down at the pool." Donna said.

    "Kenny and me took our suits off and went in naked after you guys came up here." 
"I love to swim naked, Donna." Karen said.

    Both girls realized now that I was still laying there naked now.
Karen swung her legs up on the bed and crossed them like Donna had done on my other side.
   This caused her duster to become wide open and not hiding anything.

I knew what she was doing, and she knew that I knew.

    "Your cock is just about the same size as Bobby's Kenny."
"OOOOHHHH HIS  feels soooooo nice." She smiled.

Seeming not to be outdone, Donna said, 
"HIS is tooooo!"

I was REALLY surprised when Donna reached her hand forward and grabbed my cock with a smile.
I didn't think she would, in front of my sister.

   "How long have you and Bobby been together?" she asked Karen.
    "Oh, off and on for about a year, but now, a whole lot more."
"He seem's like a nice guy," Donna offered.
"Oh, he is. He's really nice to me."

Donna had continued with her hand on my cock. It seemed to me as if she had actually forgotten she was playing with it as she talked with Karen.

   Karen's tits were exciting me, not eight inches from my eyes. 

Donna must have caught me staring at them because she turned my head with her hand and directed me to her own.
 
Deliberately leaning forward so that her tit would be over my face. Her nipple scraping my eyes.

   Her hand quickened her movements on my cock. 

"Oh, Donnnnnnaaaaa!"  I think my brother wants to fuck you agaaaaaaiiiinnn." 
"Look at his cock getting hard like that?'

   I couldn't believe that she next said, " Oh can I watch you guys fuck? Please?"
 "I'd love to see my brother fuck you Donna....can I?"

Donna seemed a bit shocked but I smiled as she looked down at me.
"Want to honey?"  
"Want to give my sister a show?"

"Oh Please Donna, I'd love to see how my brother makes love?"
Donna was silent as she looked at me.

I did notice that her nipples were nuch harder now, though, and her stroking my cock was now openly a handjob.

"Well, it wouldn't be my first time." she said.

"My fucking father used to fuck me in front of mom and fuck her in front of me all the time anyway."

"At least I love Kenny now, and you too Karen."

She laid down on the bed and readied herself for me to fuck her in front of my sister sitting right next to us.

  Karen swiveled on her ass so she could see us better now, as I got between Donna's legs.

    "OOOOHHH I'm going to see my twin brother fuck his lover...OOOOH. How hot Donna."

Donna seemed to offer a slight smile, and then concentrated on steering my cock into her.


"OOOHHH Donna," I said as I slid into her wet pussy.
She raised her knees and widened her legs for me now.

   I was rotating my cock deep inside her and both of us feeling the wonderful feeling of each other again. 

"OOOOHHHH. I don't believe it, I'm watching my twin brother's cock fucking his girl."

"Oh, this is sooooo hot." Karen moaned softly.

"OOOOHHH Does he feel good Donna?"

"Oh hell yesssss, he does." 

Donna's eyes were wide now as I started to excitedly pump into her.

The excitement of her letting Karen sit right next to us and watch us fuck, on top of how nice she felt inside.

Now Karen leaned over me with her bare tits and urged me to fuck Donna real nice.

    "Her pussy feel good for you Kenny honey?"

"Oh Karen, she's so wonderful." I moaned. She really feels so nice.....OOOHHHH 

Donna was humping up at me now, meeting my thrusts into her. Her pussy becomming wetter and wetter. I just had to lean down and kiss her.

This really was exciting fucking like this with Karen watching.

Karen's hands rubbing up and down my back and scratcing myspine softly.

"OHHHH Fuck her good Kenny!"

"She's needed a decent man for a long time. Fuck her good honey."

"Ohhhh"  Donna began to moan softly.

Donna was mini humping me as I rotated over and over her pussy with my cock buried deeply inside her.
 
Donna and I were BOTH becomming excited by listening to Karen softly urging us."

   "OOOOOHHH this is sooooo much fun watching you make love like this." Karen said.

Karen now laid down on her back next to Donna and watched  me as I pumped in and out of Donna. 

Somehow, Karen lost her duster completely and was naked.

Donna was moaning softly now as we neared an orgasm.

Her hips were humping up harder at me and her urgings to fuck her harder.
OOOOOHHH Kenny, fuck me, fuck me...Her knees wide open and raised now.
Her eyes and Karen's eyes both opened wide in this excitement.  Me, looking at both of them as I was so close to cumming.

"OHHH fuck me hard Kenny Fuck me honey."
"I really do love you."

Donna was lost into her orgasm that was making her pussy contract and squeeze my cock in spasms as I plunged harder into her and finally exploded deep in her.

    "OOOOHHH  My brother's cumming in you. OOOOHHHH How fucking hot Donna.."

"Shoot you cum in her Kenny." Shoot your cum." 

LLike Bobby shoots in me, honey" 

    "OOOOHHH My own pussy is so fucking wet Karen was saying. 

"OOOOHHH My brother's cumming in you and I'm cumming right along with both of you....OOOOO"

I realized that Karen was also fingering her pussy alongside us as we were both in the middle of cumming.

   Donna's legs were opening and squeezing me as she went through her orgasm. 
Oblivious to all now as her eyes closed and she pressed her pussy up tightly to me for all she could get of my spurting cock.


    "OOOOHHHH this is so fucking hot, Donna." I'm cumming too, right with both of you."   

OOOOHHH shit!.
OOOOHHH shit, I'm cumming too" Karen moaned.

It took Donna and me a while before we once again came back to earth. 
Both now really realizing that we just made love with my sister laying right next to us.

Now realizing that she had fingered herself to her own orgasm laying right next to us too.

Now, not even seeming to care or notice from Donna.
Just her need for me to kiss her in this afterglow.

   Enjoying that special feeling of feeling both of our sex juices were mixed inside her and feeling them as we softly rotated with each other now.

   My cock still buried inside this wetness. My sister caressing my back at the same time.

Raising my head and seeing HER with her flushed face and a smile of happiness looking up to me.


    "OOOHHH Thanks you two, I really loved that. It was soooo hot for me to watch my brother like this."
"I knew he would be a good lover."

"OOOHH he is, Karen, He really is." Donna said breathlessly.

Karen stood now. She was still naked as she leaned over and kissed me on the cheek and then lowered and kissed Donna on the cheek also.

I followed Donna's eyes as she watched Karen rise again and stand.
 
Karen seemed to be making a prolonged show of putting her duster back on.
Even daring to massage her own tits as if still experiencing her orgasm.

Me, knowing how much she wanted me to see her nakedness.


   I knew now, that another door had just been kicked open between the three of us.

I also knew Karen's next move.......



   






























    










   