Holly 
by blueballs

Hollys Rise to Instagram Fame

Holly was the new girl at university, she had only been there one week and had already gained the wrong sort of attention. See holly was nothing short of perfection, she had blonde hair, D cup boobs but the most notable asset was her ass, it was always visible no matter what she was wearing, the perfect bubble butt aided by the fact that she was avid gym freak and she had a very popular Instagram account where she would post workout videos of her doing squats and posing and showing offer her assets to get as many views as possible one day secretly hoping to be able to make a living off Instagram. 

Because of this a lot of girls where jealous and as holly wasn’t so much a girly girl she struggled to get on with the other girl cliques in the campus.. so always found herself talking to the guys instead.

One girl clique really did not like her, they hated the way guys goggled over her, and felt that she was taking away the attention that they used to get from the guys, and one girl in particular (Jen) thought she was getting a little too close to her ex for her liking. 

It all seem to happen spontaneously; Holly had just left the university gym she was wearing tight gym leggings that sculpted her ass perfectly and she was wearing a Calvin Klein Bralette which made her tits look incredible. She had her headphones on and was getting ready to head back to her dorm. She was half way back to her halls when she came across Jen and her friends in the common room below her halls. Seeing holly in such a skimpy outfit, tits pushed up to the max by the Bralette seemed to be the tipping point for Jen. Her and her four friends approached her from behind and pushed her hard against the wall

“What the ... do you think you are doing!” screamed holly as her headphones fell out her ears and she looked around and the four girls, a little dazed about the situation. Jen chuckled “Suppose you think you’re god’s gift to the world flaunting your body round in all this skimpy clothing.. bet you think you’re gonna make a fortune, flashing your ass on social media don’t you?”…. “what’s it to you?, not my fault you don’t have a body that’s model material” responded Holy, who couldn’t help getting frustrated.. “HAA, well tell you what holly!, today where gonna make you get the most views yet!... how about we actually reveal to the world what lurks under these skimpy garments ey?” said Jen with a devious look in her eye. 

Before she could even utter a reply the girls dragged her to the edge of the common room sofa and pushed her over it, One of the girls brought out some duct tape from her bag and began to bind her arms behind her back. Hollys phone fell out during the commotion and one of the girls took the liberty of picking it up and started filming the situation “Haha! Perfect” cried out Jen “With your phone we can upload this straight to your Instagram when we are done with you and watch as you become quite the celebrity!”

“I suppose we best start with revealing to the world you favourite asset!” announced Jen as she at first pulled the leggings up as far as they would go wedging the leggings up her ass, which really demonstrated just how perfectly round the ass was, then she turned holly around and did the same with the front of the leggings pulling up as far as they would go, revealing a massive cameltoe.. “PLEASE Stop what the ... is wrong with you!” cried out holy as they where now cackling at the image of the shape of her tight pussy through the leggings, one of the girls used her finger to really push the fabric up between her labia then removed a pencil from her pocket and manged to secure the pencil in-between her cameltoe.. the result was hilarious and the girls couldn’t help but laugh at the situation and manged to get a good close up picture of her pencil filled camel toe and upload it to holly’s Instagram.. “Hahahaha, that’s sure to being in some likes!, but don’t think we should stop there!” taunted jen. Holly looked on verge of tears as they taunted showing her the picture being uploaded… but it didn’t stop there they thought it was time to finnaly reveal her perfect D cup tits.. so holding her still they lifted up her Calvin Klein bralette and revealed her perfect tits, tiny pink nipples on show to the world. They wasted no time in pinching and rolling her nipples having great fun pushing them together and trying to make funny shapes out of them to take pictures of for holly’s Instagram. Holly was crying now, at a complete loss of what to do.. “ Aww little baby wanna cry, cause big ol titties on show… well im just getting started.. I think we should show the world a whole different side of you” taunted Jen now starting to look madder and madder. 

The girls then pulled down he leggings to her ankles and bent her back over the sofa, she was wearing grey Calvin panties matching her bralette that she was wearing and they had already been slightly wedged up her ass and vagina due to the leggings wedgie she got earlier.. and her as was perfecton “Twit Twoo, look at that ass!, NOW lets punish that thing!” and with that the girls pulled the grey panties up into a harsh wedgie Holly was screaming, she had never been wedgied before.. and was at a loss of embarrassment and pain.. Higher and higher they went, till they where bouncing her slightly off the floor, holly screaming rhythmatically with each bounce. “ Alright girls, lets turn her around and get her front” ordered Jen and they proceeded to turn her around.. there was already quite a considerable cameltoe.. and they wasted no time getting a picture for holly’s Instagram.. before they unleased hell on poor holly’s crotch.. they pulled up HARD and the rest of the grey panties sucked straight into her vagina putting immense pressure on hollys clit. They began to bounce her a little with powerful thrusting lifts, making holly cry out in pain. 

One of the girls took a moment to play on her pussy lips that where either side of the tiny narrow strip of material, she would pull as hard and flapping them about making all the other girls cry out in laughter, and they managed to make a funny repeating Gif of her lips wobbling about and uploaded to holly’s Instagram. “ Oh yes Holly!, you’re sure to get a lot of likes with that one!” Jen laughed out “ lets try see if we can make this ... wedgie even DEEPER!” Jen started digging through her bag and pulled out some tooth paste and a couple of mega novelty size collocate bars that where a good 8 inches in length . They then pulled down here panties, which was a brief relief for holly, but she knew it wasn’t over yet.. “I’m sure this will freshen up your cooch nicely” Sneered Jen as she began layering extra minty toothpaste on to her vagina, making sure to rub in into the clit and get it into her hole, taking extra liberty to finger holly slightly and get the tooth paste inside her. 

Despite herself Holly was beginning to get turned on, her vagina began to feel immensely cool from the toothpaste but she couldn’t help herself getting a little wet from the fingering and Jen noticed “ HAHA SEE!, such a slut you like this!, told you we are doing you a favour! Sex tapes are the way to fame now days!, just instead of a dick.. you gonna get some big black chocolate..” and with that she began to insert chocolate bar into her pussy. Hollys eyes Bulges massively, she had never even had a dick that was this big inside her before.. never mind a chocolate bar. The girls made sure it was in a significant amount before bending her over and spreading her ass cheeks, taking the take to take pictures of her perfect little asshole before separating her cheeks so wide her hole opened a little and they poured the rest of the tooth paste into her ass. Holy had never done anal before, much as guys had tried to make her.. she never liked the idea yet just as she was having this thought she felt the tip of the other 8 inch phallus shaped chocolate bar push against her ass hole. “Think this is gonna be the highlight to your fame, Don’t you think?” taunted Jen and she began to slowly shove the black chocalte into her ass inch by inch until there was just a stump of chocolate sticking out. It looked ridiculous, and they took great pleasure taking pictures and adding them to holly’s Instagram before they decided it was wedgie time again.

“Right girls, lets make sure we get the chocolate in nice and deep!, I think we should give her a saw wedgie! “ordered Jen holly could only cry out in progress but was of course ignored. They had one girl grab the back and one girl grab the front and the other two spread her legs nice and wide “3….2…1!” shouted Jen, and rythamatically one would pull the front of her panties up high, and then the back up high pushing the chocolate deep into here private parts and leaving a brown smear across her grey panties that looked very questionable to the un knowing eye. With each push and pull hollys tits where bouncing all over the place and it was creating quite the spectacle for the camera.. nobody could ever imagine something so embarrassing happening to such a impeccably beautiful girl. 

At one point Jen pulled particularly hard and the panties ripped and they were pulled though her vagina leaving her naked, with her chocolate stuffed privates. her vagina, and ass crack and hole all had brown chocolate smeared all over it, making her look very dirty. The girls found it hilarious and took the chance to put holly onto her back and pull her legs behind her head till her feet where by her ears and they held her like this taking pictures of her incredibly embarrassing situation. Holy was crying quite loudly now “Please just stop! I the chocolates to big I want it out!” cried out holly the girls just found this hilarious and took more pictures, the chocolate has started to melt and was just making holly messier and messier.

“OK, you want us to help you get this chocolate out?, we cant exactly just pull it out now its too far in.. your ass and fanny have eaten it” Jen sneered “ I got an idea though!. I’m sure this would make a great finally do your Instagram story. With that she told one of the girls to get the vacuum cleaner from the supply cupboard, the girl plugged it in and began to approach holly “ NO What the ... are you doing with that? WHAT THE ...!” cried out holly “Well how else would you like use to get it out? HAHAHA” sneered Jen again and with that the girls began playing with her pussy with the hoover, they didn’t even bother trying to suck the chocolate out just yet they were having more fun using the hover to suck up her vagina lips and titties, to hollys great displeasure, until in spite of herself the repeated suction of the vacuum cleaner on her clit was turning her on massively adnthe girls knew it, they began using the hover to tickler her vagina in all sorts of strange whilst jen would play with her clit as well until she was on the edge of orgasm.. the girls could sense it… and just as she was cumming they put the hoover directly on her ass hole and sucked out the chocolate. It was one of the most intense orgasms holy has ever had, and it was all on camera and all was going to be uploaded to social media before she would even get the chance to run back to her room. 
Once the girls had sucked out the rest of the chocolate from her vagina and arse hole they tied her to a pole in the common room with her feet and arms tied behind it so she had her chocolatey pussy and arse hole up in the air for anybody to see when they walk in. to finish up Jen took the chance to give her a good 30 hard slaps on her pussy and leave the toothpaste inside her vagina and just left her there till somebody would come In and find her. 


Part 2 - Holly and the Flat party

It had been a month since holly’s last run in with Jen and her girlfriends and since then her pictures and videos that where uploaded to Instagram went viral, even though she had removed them from her official Instagram once the media is out on the internet it is impossible to prevent people from trying to get a hold of it. 
holly just got on with it, one benefit was that she did now have a lot More followers! even if she was now attracting the wrong sort of attention. As she would walk around university for example people would always laugh and wave chocolate bars at her, there were also many memes going around with pictures of chocolate stuffed in her privates or of the vacuum cleaner pulling at her vagina lips and clit with what social media thought to be hilarious captions. Even the university janitor was getting involved, he once saw Holly walking though the university as he was vacuum cleaning she was wearing a skirt that Day.. the janitor thought it would be hilarious to stick the end of the hoover up her skirt and managed to suck down her panties a little which got a great response from the onlookers in the hallway.

Holly remained positive despite all of this, she knew that a lot of people where just jealous of her, and even though she didn’t like this sort of attention... there was no denying she was getting a lot more famous on the internet. So with all this in mind she thought she would attend the big Flat party that was happening in her halls tonight and she thought it would be a great chance to wear her new outfit and try make some new friends.

She turned up at the party looking breath-taking, she was wearing a cream coloured low cut leotard that made her tits look amazing, the fact that she was not wearing a bra helped this, as well as this she was wearing a pair of tight ripped black jeans that showed of her toned legs and of course her shapely bubble ass. Holly was having a great time, getting drunk, getting involved in the beer pong having a flirt with the guys and getting involved with all the drinking games, all was going well until despite them being from completely different halls… Jen and her friends turned up..

“What does this slut think she is wearing?” exclaimed Jen to her friends when she finally took notice to Holly’s apparel “her tits just might as well be out?!, I think we should liven up this party a little bit!” Jen and her gang began to approach holly just as she was in the middle of a drinking game with some guys (Who were clearly just trying to get her drunk) she was half way through downing a beer bong when Jen and her friends grabbed her from behind. The result was she spat out the beer that was in her mouth in shock and the rest of the beer in the bong got poured all over Hollys cream leotard, making it transparent and cling to her hardening nipples. 

People began to turn and watch all the commotion Holly beginning to realise what was happening cried out ” WHAT the ... you doing? My top! You can see my nipples!” at this point one of Jens friends had already managed to get her arms behind her back and begin binding them with duct tape “HAHA like everybody room hasn’t already seen your tits? And more for that matter… pretty sure everybody’s seen you have a…. special moment with a load of chocolate up your ass… Rumour has it even the university janitor is aware of your new vacuum cleaner fetish” taunted Jen as she took the opportunity to twist the perk nipples through the material. 
Most the party had begun to turn and watch now, excited that they might get to see a repeat of the clips that had seen on the internet in first person. “I do apologise for wasting your drink though, please let’s help you out with another one.. tell me holly? You seem to like all these university games, have you ever heard of a butt chug?” before Holly could even reply Jen and her friends began to grab her legs and turn her upside down, they popped the button on her black tight jeans and managed to pull them up over her legs and out whilst she was upside down. Now Holly was upside down wearing nothing but the cream coloured damp leotard, and during all of the commotion her left tit had popped out of the side of leotard to the great joy of the crowd but for the great displeasure of poor holly. 

Holly looked ridiculous yet there was no denying how hot the scene was, every guy in the room was now watching intensely, not believing their eyes that there are witnessing the sexiest girl in university be displayed in such a humiliation position. “right girls, get the beer bong ready!, holly needs to play catch up with her drinking!” ordered Jen “ NO WHAT THE ...! You can’t put a beer in my ass!” cried out holly as she began to try and struggle but it was useless with the girls holding her legs slightly spread apart, hand tied behind her and blood rushing to her head from being upside down. “haha Watch us!” taunted Jen and with that she pulled Hollys leotard to the side and spread her ass cheeks a little, giving the crowd a sneaky peak of her forbidden ass hole then she inserted the end of the beer bong into her asshole began a countdown till she would pull the lever and let the beer pour into her asshole. 
The whole crowd rang out with her as she shouted “5... 4…. 3…. 2…. 1…” then she pulled the lever that released the beer and watched as it began to rush into her asshole. Holly moaned loudly, this was such a foreign feeling to her, liquid going into her ass and she wasn’t enjoying it. The crowd was ecstatic however all cheering loudly and nearly everybody had a phone out recording the whole thing. It took a good 10 seconds for the beer to reach a point where no more was going into her asshole, so Jen pulled the hose out quickly which resulted in a small squirt of beer and froth shooting out of Hollys asshole which everybody found hilarious. “I would try hold that in if I was you, Holly.. don’t think it be a good thing for your image having your bum leak hahahha” taunted Jen. Holly couldn’t even muster a reply, she was at a loss and on the verge of tears. 

Jen and the girls turned holly back around and stood her up, as they did so they took the opportunity to pull the other side of the leotard and make her other tit op out, so they were pushed out and up by the leotard, creating an immense cleavage. “Wow look at the tits!” jeered Jen “ There’s no denying there worthy for insta fame, I think we should help create a quirky photo of them to get you some likes don’t you think?” and with that she picked up two clothe pegs and clipped one too each nipple which cause holly great discomfort, she always had very sensitive nipples and this was causing them great punishment, despite all the effort she was making to wiggle free of them all it did was cause here titties to shake and make the crowed jeer more at the spectacle. 

“Well I think we all know what got the most likes last time don’t we? A good proper wedgie!” announced Jen who was now talking like a host entertainer, addressing the whole room at large. “thing is we got to mix it up a bit, gotta keep your Instagram post’s fresh don’t we holly? So I am thinking we go with a good hanging wedgie!” It was as if it was meant to happen, there was already two hanging bits of rope in the middle of the room wear there once was a piñata. The girls dragged holly over to the rope and prepared to attach holly to the rope with clips on either side of the leg holes of the leotard. “But before we do this I think we should give your views an “INSIDE” livestream view” jeered Jen with a real sinister look in her eyes ‘Girls, find her phone!” it didn’t take long to find, the girls found it in her jean pocket and handed it to Jen. “Right Im going to increase the vibration settings on your phone to the MAX, then im gonna start a live stream, now every time somebody comments, likes or reacts to this livestream it’s going to vibrate…. I wonder if you can guess where I am going to put this phone holly?” jeered Jen. Holly was at a loss as to what to say, Surely not, how would she get it in? she didn’t have the tightest vagina that’s for sure the 8icnh chocolate bar proved that, but her phone was pretty wide.. “Noo… you cant! It wont fit please!” cried out Holly “We’ll see about that!, GIRLS, SPREAD THEM LEGS!”

The girls obeyed the command and spread Hollys legs a little more than shoulders width apart, the beer that was in her asshole was beginning to leak out a little and leak down to her crotch and make the leotard more tight and formfitting around her vagina displaying signs of a camel toe.. “Hahaha, look camel toe already! just wait till your hanging in the air… be best camel toe yet” cheered Jen and with that she pulled her leotard down at the crotch and out to the side revealing to the room her pink shaven vagina. The crowd was amazed and cheered loudly, then Jen started work on fingering Hollys vagina first with 1 finger, then two then 3… Despite herself Holly could not help herself getting very wet and turned on she was bright red in the face and panting wildly as Jen was ruthlessly fingering her till she managed to get a point where she had four fingers inside of Holly! “Right think that should do it” Jen said matter of factly and she picked up the phone and started the live stream.

She begun the live stream with a tour of Hollys body demonstrating the position she was in, broadcasting to all her viewers the cloths pegs on the nipples, and even took the opportunity to bend her over pull leotard out to the side and show her ass hole getting her friend to squeeze on her stomach till a little beer squirted out again for the crowds delight.. then for the finally she aimed the camera right at Hollys pussy then slowly but surely began inserting it inside her. Holly was moaning loudly and crying with embarrassment, but despite herself she was so incredibly turned on, they manged to get most of the phone inside of her and people where hastily already liking and commenting on the live stream to get the phone to vibrate which was only turning Holly on more and more. 

“Right well lets get this hanging wedgie started shall we?” and with that they attached the rope to either side of the legs of her leotard and hoister her up till she was hanging 4 foot of the ground! The leotard sucked straight into her voluptuous ass and the front of the leotard pushed the phone up her vagina even further until the folds of her labia where either side of the leotard. Holly was getting hotter and hotter, the phone was almost constantly vibrating now, she was building up to climax at any moment! The crowd took the opportunity to spin her and wing her about, only pushing the fabric in further and further holy was in such a confusing state of pain and pleasure. 

“well we might as well make use of the rest of these cloth pegs!” announced Jen as she started snapping them menacingly in front of holly. She took a hold of Hollys visible pussy lips and attached a cloth peg. Hollys eyes where bulging she couldn’t believe what was happening, yet she was so close to cumming… Jen was relentless and made sure each pussy lip had 3 cloth pegs on each lip, the encouraging crowed where jeering her on to flick them and pull on them, making sure to take lots of pictures and videos.. finally Jen thought it was time to help Holly along and cum. Phone running rampant inside of her, Jen started rubbing holly’s already tightly pressed clit through the material building up more and more memento. Holy was at her limit and let lose one the biggest orgasms she ever had she was screaming at the top of her lungs legs where twitching all over the place making her tis and the cloth pegs jiggle around for great pleasure of the crowd.. the orgasm seemed to release all the tension in her asshole as well as the rest of the beer that was in there seemed to be leaking out rapidly onto the floor. They party goers let her hand there for a good hour before letting her down. Holy was to embarrassed to speak to anybody phone still running rampant inside of her she ran back to her room and got to work on trying to remove her phone from her vagina... Hoping not having to use a vacuum cleaner this time.. 


