Train Dare

One month after my masturbation dare in Burger King I was feeling on top
of the World and had explored my sexuality more and more. My friends 
kept trying to challenge my exhibitionist nature but we could never 
find somewhere that was busy enough to be daring, but at the same time 
not too busy that it would be impossible not to get caught. So it came 
to be that during lunchtime at school on Thursday one of my friends 
challenged me to a dare that I could not resist. 

I have changed names of people to protect their identity. I was talking
with C and J in the hall when K came in from outside. K started to 
explain that she had been talking to the guys and that they would like 
me to take up a dare that they have designed. Well I knew that it would 
probably involve nudity and maybe even masturbation but the location 
was the factor that really made it interesting. Tomorrow was a 
non-uniform day and the guys wanted to dare me to another changing 
clothes dare. C said that it would be the perfect opportunity as you 
could wear whatever you wanted to school tomorrow and whatever they 
wanted me to do could not be too bad. K then said 'actually the 
location is somewhat risky but I think that we can get away with it if 
we get there early' I was somewhat baffled but at the same time very 
interested to hear where they had in mind. 'OK' I said, 'Where do they 
want me to do the dare' 

'Tomorrow we are going to have to arrive at the train station earlier
than usual and make sure that we get into the rear compartment of the 
train and then make sure nobody apart from our group come into the 
section.' K said. 'How many people am I supposed to be performing in 
front of?' I asked anxiously. 'Well there are the 8 guys and then 6 
girls not including you.' Now the most people that had ever seen me 
nude were 9, now they were asking me to do it in front 14 people and 
mostly boys. It was apparent that my little exhibitionist adventures 
had spread amongst my friends and that more of them were eager to see 
if I was indeed as daring as was being told. 'We will wait until the 
train is in motion and then you have the time it takes for us to get to 
the next stop to change your clothes, that gives you 10minutes at 
least, that will be easy for you' K said. C nodded and agreed that that 
would be plenty of time, that I would probably not even need half of 
that. 'Are there any exceptions to the dare?' I asked. J then spoke up 
'Well I would think that the guys would expect you to strip completely 
naked again before putting on any new clothes, other than that, I don't 
know' I had to think for a while. Could I again reveal my whole body to 
more of my friends on a train that was full of other students and could 
I get away with it? 'OK' I said 'I will do the dare, but on one 
condition for every minute I am naked I want £5' the other girls looked 
at each other and K ran out of the hall to obviously go and ask the 
guys. This would mean that I could get naked and changed as quick or as 
slow as I wanted and I would make some money in the process. K returned 
quickly the answer quite obvious from the look on her face. 'The guys 
have said that they will pay you £5 for every minute you spend 
completely naked after you strip and that they will also pay you £20 if 
you don't wear any underwear for the whole of next week' I thought 
quickly about this and smiled. I had not worn underwear at school on 
several occasions and I although the prospect of not wearing any for a 
whole week, with people knowing, was a little scary I wasn't about to 
turn down the money. 'OK, it's a deal' at that moment the bell for end 
of lunch sounded. 

The last lesson of the day went quickly; my mind was not on my work but
on the dare that I had accepted. I was ready to bare my all again to my 
friends, but the location was very risky and exciting. The train 
journey home that evening was an opportunity to view that location. 

5 of the group that were going to view my dare on Friday joined me in
the rear of the train and in the carriage that was going to be the 
scene of my exhibition. We spread ourselves across the large middle 
seating area of 10 seats which left only the 2 rear seats and the 4 
seats at the front close to the doors. Only the very last 2 seats at 
the front of the carriage were occupied today so tomorrow it was clear 
we would be able to fill the carriage with just those that were going 
to view my dare. I decided that the best place for me to sit would be 
with my back to the corridor in the corner of the block of 6 seats, so 
that is where I sat. We sat down and discussed the dare, where 
everybody else should stand and what we could do to stop anybody 
possibly catching me. I asked that the girls sat near me, mostly 
because I wanted some protection from the guys, not that I believed 
they would do anything but I felt a little uncomfortable if they were 
sitting near me. Also the guys would be put on door duty to let me know 
if anyone was possibly going to enter our carriage. By the time we had 
gone over everything we had approached the first stop and realised that 
I would have just over 10minutes to complete my dare. The only 2 people 
in our carriage left at that stop and that just left me and my 5 
friends. It was then that K said to me 'I dare you to take blouse and 
skirt off and sit there in your underwear until we get to our stop, it 
will give you a kind of pre-dare experience' 'I tell you what, I will 
if you will K' I said, not expecting her to agree. But as the train 
pulled away, she undid her blouse and pulled her skirt down. She looked 
back at me with a smile on her face 'Your not the only one who is brave 
enough Em' so I removed my blouse and unzipped my skirt pulling it down 
so I to was sitting just in my underwear. Well this was certainly 
making me feel more and more relaxed and I was looking forward to 
tomorrow........ 

The morning came too quickly. I suddenly realised how apprehensive and
nervous I was. I suppose I felt the same as I felt the first day at 
school, not sure if people would accept me for who I was and today 
would be a major test. I put the spare clothes I had chosen to change 
into in my school bag and then looked at my reflection in the mirror in 
the clothes I had decided to wear. I had decided to wear a simple 
t-shirt and an elasticised skirt so I didn't have to fiddle around with 
anything when I finally removed it. Looking at my reflection I suddenly 
thought that I could make things a lot easier if I removed my underwear 
here rather than on the train. So I pulled down my knickers and removed 
my bra, placing them in my school bag. I looked at my reflection again; 
I was clearly aroused as my nipples were hugging the cotton fabric of 
my shirt. I quickly pulled on my overcoat and zipped it up so nobody 
would suspect a thing. I was ready. I headed downstairs and gave my mum 
a kiss on the way out of the front door. 

As I stood on my doorstep I felt the cold spring morning air rushing
between my bare legs and catching the hem of my skirt, luckily my 
overcoat came far down as well and kept the edges of the skirt lifting 
too far. I started walking towards the train station my mind trying to 
focus on anything other than my dare ahead. K came bounded out of her 
house with a big smile on her face; she was obviously looking forward 
to my challenge. We walked in silence for a few minutes before K turned 
to me and said 'I really envy what you do Em, I wish I had your natural 
no fear approach' Well this made me feel really good but all I could do 
was say 'thanks' as we turned the corner and standing at the end of the 
road outside the train station were the rest of my 13 friends who were 
about to watch my perform. As we got closer there was a buzz in the 
air, I cannot explain it but there was definitely something that stood 
out. As I approached everyone looked at me. One of the guys said 'So Em 
is you ready to do your dare?' There were a few giggles from a couple 
of girls and even some of the guys smirked. 'Of course I am. I just 
hope you are all ready. I wouldn't want to make any of you guys 
uncomfortable fort he rest of the day, I hope you can contain your 
sexual needs' I highlighted the needs part and this gave a few chuckles 
from the girls. K then got everyone in a group and explained the rules 
to the dare and the precautions that everybody must help to keep. The 
guys seemed a little disappointed that they would be at the back of the 
coach, but I reassured them that they would still be able to see me if 
they played their part. We made our way onto the platform as the train 
was approaching and immediately pilled into the very rear carriage. I 
sat in the middle section as discussed with my back to the exit and the 
girls sat next to me, leaving 1 seat to my right and 1 in front empty 
so I had room to move around if I wanted. The guys took up their 
positions and blocked the exit as discussed to stop anyone coming into 
the compartment, and it worked. I heard the sound of the doors close 
and felt the train lurch forwards, my dare was about to begin. 

The atmosphere in the carriage suddenly turned and the silence was
almost scary. I looked apprehensively around at my friends to find them 
all looking at me willing me to begin. I undid my jacket and quickly 
placed it on the seat in front. I undid my school bag and removed my 
spare clothes keeping my knickers and bra in my bag, I could put these 
on later. I was ready. I took a few deep breaths, closed my eyes and 
then gripped the edge of my shirt. I lifted the sides up and over my 
head quickly exposing my naked breasts. The silence was broken with 
murmurs coming from the guys behind me, apparently they couldn't see. I 
ignored their protests and took another deep breath. I quickly eased my 
skirt down, one hand covering my naked pussy as I rigged and watched as 
it hit the floor. So now I was naked. 'Ok I said dare, done.' I was 
still covering my pussy and I could tell that the guys were still not 
impressed. K looked at me and then said 'come on Em give us a twirl' 
There was agreement from others and a Corus of 'give us a twirl' echoed 
in the carriage...... 

I took one last deep breath and then stood up. My pert naked bottom was
now facing all the boys whilst I was facing the girls. I kept right 
hand over my pussy and started to turn towards the on looking boys. As 
I turned I looked them in the eye one by one, until I stood facing them 
all. Ok this was it. I was about to bare my all to the most amount of 
people ever and in all places I was about to do it on the train to 
school. 'I hope you are all ready boys' I said. Keeping my hand across 
my pussy I walked out into the centre of the carriage. This was a risky 
moment because anyone looking up the carriage and over the heads of the 
2 boys standing in the doorway would easily see me, but that was part 
of being an exhibitionist. 'Ready? After 3' '1' '2' '3' I removed my 
hand from my pussy, I was now completely naked. There was a round of 
applause from the boys and a wolf whistle. 'Shhh I said' don't attract 
any attention. 'K, how much longer until the next stop' 'About 7 
minutes still' that meant that I had already made at least £20. 'Ok' I 
said if you want me stay like this then you'd better show me the money. 
I stood there my arms folded across my chest waiting for some someone 
to produce some money. It didn't take long as the boys were obviously 
eager to keep me naked and look at my naked body as long as they could. 
I decided to sit back down but this time I sat facing my audience. £20 
was placed in my bag and another £30 was passed to K to hold onto. She 
would put £10 in my bag for every minute I stayed naked. 'So guys, I 
hope you are enjoying the view, do you believe now that I am an 
exhibitionist?' 'Hell ya Em' Said J 'But I wish I could've been in 
Burger King, P told me you enjoyed yourself there' ' Will you stand out 
here again for us I really want to take in your full figure' I smiled 
bashfully and complied with his request. I stood out in the centre of 
the carriage again and slowly turned around so that they could all have 
a nice look at my body. As I looked down towards the two guys in the 
doorway I noticed some movement behind about halfway down the other 
carriage. Shit the ticket inspector was coming our way. 'The ticket 
inspector is coming I said and dashed back to my seat. J turned around 
in the doorway and announced that the inspector was literally about to 
walk into our carriage. I picked up my coat and quickly through it on. 
K rammed all my clothes back into my bag as the boys quickly sat down. 
I just about had time to zip my coat up as the inspector entered the 
carriage. 

‘Tickets please' I was very conscious of the fact that I was naked
underneath my coat. I only had my boots on and a coat which just 
covered modesty. I pulled my ticket from my pocket and held it out so 
the inspector could stamp it. As he took it from me he looked at me and 
I felt his eyes move up my legs. I smiled at him as he gave my ticket 
back to me. After he had stamped all our tickets casually walked back 
out but I saw him give me one fleeting look before he did. I am sure he 
knew something was going on. I mean the carriage was literally silent 
and I am sure I must have looked flushed. ‘Shit that was close Em' K 
said ‘Tell me about it' ‘That was amazing' J said ‘I cannot believe you 
managed to keep your cool' ‘You are so hot' ‘Thanks' I said I knew that 
J fancied me and he was one of the betting looking guys so I 
appreciated his comments. ‘I had better get some clothes on, J could 
you keep watch?' ‘Ill watch you anytime Em' he said with a smile on his 
face. ‘You know what I mean' ‘Yeah yeah' he said and proceeded to stand 
in the doorway. I quickly took my clothes back out of the bag and put 
on my knickers and skirt. I took of my jacket and pulled on my bra and 
t-shirt. ‘Thanks for being such a good sport Em' K said ‘I think that 
on behalf of everyone here I would like to say we enjoyed ourselves 
very much, probably the guys more so. ‘I hope we can do it again 
sometime' ‘If anyone has some suggestions I would love to hear of 
places I can perform' I stood up and headed for the exit. I walked up 
to J and gave him a peck on the check. ‘Thanks' I whispered in his ear 
‘It is a shame you missed Burger King, maybe we can do it again 
sometime, or somewhere else' 

I stuck to the dare by not wearing any knickers for the whole of the
following week at school but that was not difficult. I knew that my 
adventures were going to be legendary at sixth form. I was happy that I 
could be centre of attention for something. 
