The Canine Cop.

The party had lasted until the wee hours of the morning down on Dog Beach. We all had been running around naked in the glow of the big camp fire, playing Frisbee and throwing sticks for the dogs and drinking wine coolers until we were exhausted and collapsed on the soft warm sand, panting and sweaty, and pooped out completely.

The guys left later in their boat, and Angie got ready to leave with her brother after asking me if I wanted a ride. I declined as I wiggled my body deeper in the sand to warm my breasts and nipples and cunt lips. Angie leaned over and whispered, "Don't stay here too long, lover, I'll be over first thing in the morning to fuck you silly, after Rob leaves to go back to school." She patted my naked rear and kissed my hair, then walked up the path with her brother to her car and left.

It was dead silent except for the little laps of water against the shallow shore line and a few frogs croaking occasionally. I closed my eyes and fell fast asleep as the warm sand edged up between my cunt lips and warmed my little clit. I dreamed I was fucking my boyfriend and gushed on the sand in my sleep, which I discovered when I finally awakened as the sky began to grow lighter in the early morning.

I heard the few cars flying by up on the Long Bridge and watched their lights flicker through the trees as they rounded the curve heading into town. It was still dark enough that they couldn't see me lying naked on the sand as I stretched my arms over my head and spread my legs and humped the sand slowly, making my nerve endings awaken and the old feeling start up through my cunt and my nipples which were poking little craters in the sand under my body.

I was so caught up in my humping that I didn't notice the soft footfalls coming down the asphalt pathway. I froze when I heard the sand swishing under a pair of flip flop sandals and the pitter patter of doggy feet racing around. I looked up through the gloom to see if it was the police patrol coming to bust me for sleeping nude on the public beach. I jerked when I heard a soft female voice come from behind and above me sternly commanding me to lie still and not look around. "Oh,God!" I thought, as I lay there trembling, scared out of my wits that the female was a member of the canine unit of the town police.

I heard the dog chain jingling and then felt a wet nose nudge my leg. Then I felt a rough tongue lick the inside of my thigh. I twitched as the nose tickled and moved higher, sniffing and licking my shaking thighs while coming ever closer to my cum soaked little slit.

I started to rise up on my elbows but felt a nightstick between my shoulder blades push me back down prone on the sand, and the soft voice repeated the command to lie still or I was going to jail for indecent exposure. I was petrified as I lay there and felt the wet nose nudge my cunt  and sniff and start to lick the sticky moisture off. I clinched my legs together tightly but the nightstick came down between them and prodded them open wide again. I gasped when the tongue slid between my cunt lips and then lapped up and down and then ran back up my butt crack and around my puckered little hole, licking rapidly, as the cold nose sniffed and prodded until I was getting so turned on I was shaking and gasping, with my face lying on the sand making little puffs of sand fly up from around my open mouth.

"Oh, God. Please make him stop," I moaned, as I moved my hips back and forth, getting wetter and wetter, which just made the German Shepard slurp more and more. The woman officer pulled him back off me and then ran her nightstick up my crack and then shoved it into my little puckered hole, and I yelped and jerked up off the sand trying to get away from the invading club.

"You better lie still, or the dog will attack," she said, as she eased the nightstick in and out of my sore little butt. She kept it up as I gradually got accustomed to the feeling of the slick hard shaft, lubricated from her dog's saliva, sliding in and out slowly. In fact I was getting so turned on I was writhing around trying to fuck the club back, wanting more and faster penetration. God, it felt awesome having her do that, while my wiggling drove the wet sand up against my clit and made it swell and tingle!

I was panting harder as she commanded me to raise my butt in the air, and I pulled my legs up until I was on my knees with my face still in the sand. I felt her fingers reaching under me and sliding up into my cunt as she fucked me with the nightstick. I raised my hips higher and my butt cheeks spread so she could get more fingers in and fuck me harder in both my orifices. The dog was whining and panting as he smelled my juices pouring out and spilling on the sand. He was licking me all over my rear and thighs driving me wild. He moved around on his leash so I could see his red rod sticking out under his belly and then he straddled my little body and hunched down and started humping my sweaty shoulders and upper back as his handler fucked me faster and faster with the nightstick and her fingers.

"Oh God, what are you doing to me? Please, get him off me," I panted, as he humped me harder, sliding his huge dog cock up and down the valley between my shoulder blades, and licking the nightstick and my butt crack, making me wild from the tingles in my nerve endings. The constant pounding from the slick club and the cop's fingers finally drove me over the top and I screamed and jerked around on the sand as I spewed my cunt juices all over her fingers. At the same time her dog came, too, and his cum splashed all over my back and sweaty shoulders. I could still hear myself screaming, "Oh, God, fuck me, fuck me, fuck meeeeee!" over and over as I slowly lost consciousness and flopped down on the sand.

I don't know how long I was out, but I came to with the warm sun beating down on my cum covered body, and cars zooming by on the highway above me. I stood up and staggered into the lake and dove under the cold water, and then resurfaced and washed all the sand and dog cum off. When I was all clean and shivering I waded out onto the beach and dried my sore little body with my beach towel. I slid my bikini on and looked around for the police lady, but all I saw was her tracks, and the dogs paw prints in the sand, and the impression from my body, and the wet spots where the bodily juices, from me and the Shepard, had saturated the sand. Then I thought, "I wonder if she really was a cop? Police don't wear sandals, and if she really had been she would have hauled me into the station house. But that sure felt like it was a nightstick, it was so heavy and slick. Oh well, at least she gave me a good fucking, and I'm still here, so I guess I should count my blessings."

I realized then that I was stranded on the beach with no transportation, so I started walking along the bike trail toward the south end of the Long Bridge in my flip flops, and wearing the beach towel over my skimpy little bikini. It is about five miles to my home from the beach and the sun was getting really hot as I walked and sweat rolled down my back and breasts under the towel.

I got about a third of the way across the span and started to get dizzy from the rough night and the wine coolers and no breakfast, so I sat down on one of the park benches that run along the east side of the bridge and face out over the low railing above the water. They are positioned so the highway is in back, and the cars were flashing by and an occasional honk and wave told me some of my friends knew it was me sitting there in the sun, resting up after the party. I waved and then lay back and opened the towel to let the rays caress my sore little body.

It was still fairly early, but hot and muggy, as I stretched and looked up and down the bridge to see if anyone was out strolling or walking their dogs, but there was nobody around. I reached down and ran my hand under the tiny patch of material just covering my slit and ran my fingers in between my lips and teased my clit while I laid my head back on the bench and closed my eyes and let the sun warm my face while I lazily played with myself, totally relaxed and feeling the sweet tingles in my cunt turning me on again. I licked my fingers to lube my sore clit and stroked it some more until it was stiff and throbbing under my touch. Then I slid my other hand up under the tiny covers over my nipples and teased them until I was panting and moaning and squirming around on the bench with my legs spread wide and my mouth hanging open as I ran my tongue back and forth over my puffy lips.

I heard, as in a distance, the sound of a boat motor, and I opened my eyes and looked down through the railing at two guys in a ski boat which was idling about twenty feet below the bridge. They were staring up at me with their mouths hanging open and their hands down in their shorts, jacking off while ogling me finger fucking myself. I didn't recognize them so I kept on playing while they stared and panted. I looked around again checking for cars and foot traffic and the road was clear, so I stood up and moved over to the low railing and stared back at the guys while I fingered my wet cunt faster and faster, bucking my hips against my hand and moaning loud enough that they could clearly hear me in my throes of ecstasy

One tugged his shorts down and his big penis jumped up in the air as he stroked and panted and called up to me, "Take it off, little girl. Show us what you got!" The other one did the same and echoed his buddy as I slowly slid my bikini bottoms down around my thighs giving them a good look at my wet little cunt and my fingers buried up in it. Then I pulled the top up so my stiff nipples were sticking out, and tugged them to make them swell harder and poke out even more.

They were gasping and fucking their fists as I plunged my fingers in and out of my hot little opening. I panted and called down to them as my orgasm started, "Oh, God, you guys, I'm about to come, come with me! Oh shit here I come, yank your cocks faster, faster, oh God I'm gonna' come, I'm cumming, noooooow!" I screamed, as they grunted and spurted white streams all over the deck of their boat and into the lake, and I gushed down the railing and my juices dripped off the bridge and rained down on the water by their boat. I jerked back and forth for what seemed like an eternity, the orgasm lasted so long and was so intense, brought on by my showing myself to them, and watching them get off watching me finger fuck myself.

They calmed down and then clapped and cheered as I gave them a little bow and pulled my suit back on. "Thanks guys," I called down to them, "That was awesome!" They yelled back and thanked me as one pushed the throttle forward and the big engine roared and they turned and sped off across the lake, waving as they went. I waved until they were out of site, then wrapped my towel around my hot little body and walked on down the bike path, humming to myself and grinning.

I had about a mile to go when I was sweating so bad that I thought, "To heck with it", and threw the towel over my shoulder and walked on in my tiny bikini. The hot sun soothed my aches and pains and I felt great and very satisfied. When I started up the long hill I looked around and still there were no walkers or bikers in sight so I stopped and pulled my suit off and held it and the towel as I walked naked up the hill with sweat pouring off my smooth skin and dripping in spots on the pavement. It felt so thrilling being naked where anybody coming down the hill could see me, with my cunt dripping again from the excitement and my pink nipples jutting out in the hot air off my swollen breasts.

I finally had to stop; I was gasping so hard from the climb and being so turned on again. I stood in the middle of the path, just daring someone to come along as I once again fingered my cunt and clit and tugged on my nipples until another orgasm wracked my sweaty body. I shook and my jaw trembled as shock waves swept up and down my white naked little body, and my stomach cramped over and over from the intense contractions as I shrieked and gasped for air with my head thrown back and my eyes closed tight and my trembling legs spread wide. 

When the orgasm finally abated I opened my eyes and gasped in shock at two little girls standing at the top of the hill looking down the path at me. I grabbed my suit and hurriedly pulled it on as they just stood there gaping at me, with their mouths forming little `ohs' and holding hands clinging to each other as they trembled.

I walked on up to them and smiled at them as they continued to stare at my shining body, covered with sweat, and moisture still oozing down my legs from my swollen cunt lips. I reached down and toweled off my legs as they watched and panted softly. Then one looked up into my eyes and asked, "What were you doing down there?" The other one said, "Yeah, why did you have no clothes on, and why was your hand between your legs, and why were you looking like you were hurt?"

I laughed and ruffled their hair and answered, "I was just playing with my bottom and having an orgasm was all. Did it scare you?" 

They looked up and nodded, and then asked all sorts of questions in a rush, until I had to shush them and tell them to ask one question at a time. The bigger one said, "I play with my bottom, too, sometimes, but it doesn't make me scream like that." I laughed and we walked along together hand in hand as I told them a little about orgasms and their little bodies and all the fun they would have with them as they grew up to be big girls like me. By the time we reached the highway where I had to cross they were giggling and telling me their innermost secrets like they had known me all their lives.

I kissed them each on their puffy little mouths and ran my tongue around savoring the sweet taste of their soft lips, and they reached up and touched their mouths to try to figure out why my kiss felt different than the ones that their mothers gave them. I waved goodbye, and they waved back, and then went on down the trail toward their house, giggling and talking a mile a minute about all the neat stuff they had learned from their new found friend.

I walked up the road to my mobile home and went in and flopped on my couch and immediately fell asleep, and dreamed about licking little girl cunts --- and soft little lips --- and little girls licking and sucking on my nipples and clit --- and soaked my couch cushions in my sleep.

Author's note: I still haven't figured out how to include the anonymous feedback thingy on here, so feel free to write me at my email address, and I will keep all addresses confidential, and will not reply unless you request me to. Thanks to all my sweet fans who have already written, love you all. deedeeo18@hotmail.com


