Author: mypenname3000
Title: The Son of Lust Chapter Seventy-One: Pyrriah's Fiery Sacrifice
Summary: Pyrriah makes a sacrifice!
Keywords: MF MFF MFH HF inc oral creampie anal A2M exhib voy bodymod fantasy magic
Copyright: 2023

Visit my blog at http://mypenname3000.com

Note: This story was commissioned by Ultrasound 7 and has allowed me to share it with you. This may contain scenarios and acts that I normally wouldn't write. There will be a strong sex slave/domination theme. I will keep this from violating any cannon established in the world and I developed the mythology that drives this story.

Pyrriah  The Heart of the Oasis, The Halani Desert

I burned with the power of the Phoenix. It was the only way to save everyone I loved.

I ripped the dagger out of the oracle's hand. I was utterly the Demigoddess. The Phoenix. I was ancient. The daughter of Gewin and Rithi. I had burned so bright and died so young with so many of my twin brothers. 

So many of my lovers.

I had to watch them all die. I had failed to protect them in the end, but this moment was different. I was also a Demigoddess. The Daughter of Las. I had passions that burned so hot in a different way. I wasn't just filled with Death. 

But Life.

I ended the cycle and plunged the dagger into my chest. Into my blazing heart.

The fiery life exploded out of me and into the dagger. I stared into the oracle's eyes and demanded the question that we had come here to ask. It burst from my thoughts as the final cinders of half my soul flowed into the dagger and crossed the threshold into death one last time.

How do we stop Throwia from betraying us? 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Kurtis

NOOOOOO! 

The scream ripped from my throat as the sand tore at my body. Pyrriah exploded into flame. Fiery wings rose from her. A bird unfurling its blazing pinions formed of dancing oranges and reds. The bird screeched with such love.

Then she dove into the knife. 

Pyrriah's body dropped to the sands. The knife hovered in the air, burning with my sister's fire. The flames surged out into the Oracle of the Sand. She threw back her head and gasped as she swallowed the fiery bird.

She devoured the Phoenix.

But the Phoenix didn't devour the Oracle.

She shuddered there, her body smoking. I stared at her in horror. My sister was dead. Did my father know this would happen? He had visited the Oracle of the Sand. What deal had he made with this cruel being?

You Throwia-damned bitch! I roared. I'll

Kurtis, Pyrriah gasped.

The sand stopped attacking the harem. My women all collapsed to their knees, no longer being ripped apart. The pain vanished from me as my twin sister turned and rose, her blue hair sweeping about her shoulders. 

Blue hair? The same shade as Mother's?

Pyrriah threw her arms around my body and hugged me. She felt... different. There was more... heat in her. Not the fire of the phoenix, but wild lust. She felt like Lasla did. I held Pyrriah to me, my heart thundering in my chest. 

The Oracle of the Sands fell on her back, writhing in orgasmic passion. Her juices gushed out and soaked the sands she lay upon. She trembled there in the throes of her ecstasy, her gasps echoing through the room.

What a life! screamed the Oracle of the Sands. The answer to her question is, The storm is your salvation! Embrace it!

What? I demanded as I held my sister.

Darkness fell on us. The whirl of the sand barrier that surrounded us was gone. Stars appeared overhead. The moon shone silvery. We were back in the normal desert. Not a sign of the Oracle about us.

What does that mean? I asked, holding Pyrriah tight. I didn't ask a question!

Brother, Pyrriah moaned, the lusts in her exploding out of her. They reached around my own, tugging at them. My cock lurched. She did feel like Lasla. A true Daughter of Las. Oh, brother, I love you!

She lifted her head and claimed my lips with a kiss. She suckled on me with force. She bobbed her head, working her mouth up and down my cock. I shuddered at her kiss. She hooked her arm around my neck, kissing me with passion.

My Lord? Nephi asked. What just happened?

She sacrificed the Phoenix, said Mother. The Daughter of Gewin is dead.

Won't she be reborn? Lasla asked.

I... I don't know, Mother said. The Phoenix is supposed to die with her twin brother. Her lover.

I wanted to say something, but my sister had other ideas. She pulled me down to the sands. I shuddered as I stretched out on her. I kissed her. I loved the feel of her lips on mine. She thrust her tongue into my mouth.

I groaned as we made out. We kissed with such passion. My tongue danced around in her mouth. I loved how she did that. It felt amazing for her to nurse on me like that. She wanted my cock in her. I had to fuck her hard.

Pyrriah needed it.

Her hair is blue like yours, Mother Azuliana, Lasla said. Is that supposed to be her real hair color?

I suppose so, said Mother. I didn't realize it was red because of the phoenix.

I thrust my dick into my sister's pussy.

She squeezed down around me. That hot, wet tunnel was so familiar. This was still Pyrriah. She was more wanton, but nothing about her body had changed. I still felt the same passions, they were just more intense. Sex was more important to her now.

She had saved us. 

I kissed her with passion as her arms and legs wrapped around me. She held me tight as I drew back my cock. I loved the way her pussy gripped me. Massaged me. That was intense. Outstanding. I thrust into her asshole, loving how tight she gripped me. She held me with that amazing twat. 

I loved it so much. I groaned, savoring the heat of her pussy. I fucked into her snatch hard and fast. The incestuous joy of being in my sister's pussy swept through me. I loved the feel of her about me. How she gripped me. That was a delicious treat to have her gripping me like that. She held me tight. 

I pumped away at her. I fucked her with force. I plowed to the hilt in her snatch again and again. I loved how she gripped me. How she held me. It was wondrous to have her massaging me like that. She held me with that juicy pussy. 

She broke the kiss and moaned, Yes, yes, yes, that's so good, brother! Las's big dick, that's so good!

So tight and hot! I groaned. You saved us!

She saved us! my sister gasped. The Phoenix. She wanted us to have a long life together! Oh, yes, yes! Me, you, Lasla! We'll have a long life!

We will! I growled. If we survived what was to come? 

I slammed into her pussy. I fucked into her twat with force, my balls slapping into her taint. I loved how she massaged me with her snatch. She gripped me with just such juicy delight. I loved every moment of fucking into her.

I buried deep and hard into her twat. I plowed into her with all that I had, reveling in this moment. She had such a wonderful pussy. My nuts tightened with the need to cum. I just had to erupt in her cunt. I wanted to just burst in her.

I could feel her orgasm swelling in her fast.

Yes, yes, yes, she moaned. Gods, that's good. Oh, ram that big dick into me! Ooh, that's amazing! I love it!

I plowed to the hilt in her. She gasped, her pussy clenching around my cock. She bucked beneath me as she squealed out in delight. Her pussy went wild. Her hot cunt spasmed around me. I loved how she climaxed on me.

Kurtis! she moaned. Oh, Kurtis, that's so good!

It is! I gasped and erupted into her pussy. Shit!

I spurted blast after blast of cum into her pussy. I loved the feel of her cunt writhing around me. It was just a delicious thrill to have all that bliss washing over me. I loved it so much. My entire body quivered in delight.

Oh, Kurtis! she gasped as she trembled beneath me, her pussy rippling around my cock. She milked me. That's so good! Yes, yes, Kurtis!

Las's big dick, I groaned as I filled my sister up with what she needed.

My twin's pussy spasmed around my cock. She suckled at me with all that wonderful delight. Her cunt rippled about me as I dumped my jizz into her. I stared at her blue hair. No flicker of light. No glow at all.

She was just a Daughter of Las now.

I erupted one last time into my sister's pussy. I trembled on her, my body humming with all the passion that I could experience. I panted on her as she stroked my body. Her hands worked up and down me. 

Damn, I groaned.

Yeah, she purred. Mmm, that was perfect. She held me tight. Died died for us. She truly is gone. She'll never reincarnate, but... her face buried into my neck. She was so happy that I would live on. If I hadn't we would have burned out together, Kurtis. Right there. We would have died fighting the Oracle of the Sand, and she would have been reincarnated as another hero's twin sister. She would have had to watch another couple die young. She gave us a gift.

Tears stung my eyes. 

I cleared my throat. I wish I could thank her.

This is all she wants as thanks, she said. For you, and Lasla, to keep loving me.

That's easy enough. I swallowed. This was getting too heavy. So, uh, what question did the Oracle answer? I didn't ask one.

She asked mine, said Pyrriah. How to keep Throwia from betraying us?

The storm is your salvation. Embrace it. 

Oh, Pyrriah, I was so scared, Lasla said. It's my turn to love her, Kurtis. She's my sister, too!

Yes, she is, I said and rolled off of Pyrriah, my cock sliding out of her pussy. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Lasla

Kurtis rolled off my sister. Pyrriah was so beautiful even with her blue hair. My brother rose from the sands, his cock dripping in our sister's juices. I dropped to my knees and grinned at what I saw between my sister's thighs.

Her blue-furred pussy dripped with our brother's cum.

With everyone watching, I buried my face into her pussy. Her blue curls rubbed on my face. I loved that as I found the folds of her twat. I licked at her cunt, stroking my tongue through her sloppy folds and gathering up the tangy flavor of her pussy. She tasted the same.

She moaned, squeezing her thighs around my head as I licked at her. I lapped with hunger at her pussy. I wanted her to just have a huge orgasm. I couldn't wait for her to drown me in all her cunt cream. That would be magnificent.

Oh, wow, Lasla, Pyrriah moaned. Las's big dick, that's good and... Oh, our brother has some naughty ideas.

I know, I purred, feeling Kurtis's lusts. I wiggled my rump, inviting him to do it.

Not that he needed an invitation. He knew that he could do what he wanted to me. I shuddered as his wet cock pressed into my butt-crack. He slid his tip down to my asshole. He nuzzled right against my backdoor and thrust.

I opened wide for my brother. I loved his cock pushing into my bowels. He slipped into me and moved deeper and deeper into my asshole. I shuddered at the feel of him doing that to me. It was a wonderful moment. 

I groaned, clenching my anal sheath down around his cock. I trembled at the feel of him slipping into me. More and more of his cock entered my bowels until he bottomed out in me. I moaned into Pyrriah's sloppy cunt as I squeezed my anal sheath around our brother's cock.

He pulled back. I shuddered as he did that. I loved how he drew back and back. This wonderful heat swept through me. It felt just so wonderful. My anal sheath gripped him as I licked his salty cum out of our sister's pussy.

Mmm, Pyrriah purred as I flicked through her folds. Just such a wondrous sister.

Yes, she is, Kurtis grunted as he pumped away at my anal sheath.

I loved that wonderful cock thrusting over and over into my anal sheath. The stud fucked me hard, his nuts slapping onto my taint. I loved those meaty impacts, my butt-cheeks jiggling. I squeezed my bowels down around his cock as I tongued our sister.

I lapped up all the jizz that leaked out of her snatch, her muff tickling my face. I thrust my tongue onto her snatch to find more of that glorious jizz. I rooted around in her and scooped it out. This was an amazing rush.

Oh, wow, she groaned. Las's big dick, that's so good.

Mmm, so good, I moaned at the tangy pussy cream and salty cum melting on my tongue.

I plunged into her again and again. I thrust to the hilt in her wonderful tongue, loving the taste of her pussy. She had such a delicious snatch. I rooted around in her, scooping out more and more of our brother's jizz from her.

His cock pumped away at my asshole. He fucked me with force. He buried into my anal sheath again and again. I loved that. I savored his thick shaft plowing to the hilt in me. I trembled at those hard thrusts.

They were incredible.

Gods damn, I whimpered and plunged my tongue deep into Pyrriah's pussy to find more jizz.

I rooted around in her, looking for more of that wonderful cum. I loved my brother's spunk. But there was less and less for me to enjoy. Less and less of that wonderful spunk for me to lick out of her. She groaned and shuddered as I flicked around in her. I drove her wild. She squeezed her thighs around my head.

I licked my tongue up to her clit. I stroked her bud, wanting to make her cum. She gasped as I did that. A great deal of pleasure swept through her as I nursed on her bud. I suckled hard as my brother pounded my asshole. He buried deep into me.

Lasla! whimpered Pyrriah. Oh, something's happening. Oho, that's... that's... Yes!

To my shock, her clitoris grew. It swelled in my mouth like... Mother Azuliana's could. My eyes widened in shock as my sister's clitoris became a hermaphrodite-cock. This was so insane. I didn't get why I didn't have one and she did.

But I suckled on her. I nursed on my sister's hermaphrodite-cock. I suckled on her with passion. She groaned, her face twisting in delight as her shaft grew bigger and thicker. It was almost like sucking on Kurtis's dick. Nearly the same size and thickness which made her a bit larger than Mother Azuliana.

I suckled on her hard, my orgasm about to burst in me. She gasped and moaned, her head thrashing from side to side. I bobbed my head, loving the feel of her cock in my mouth. I suckled with all my might on her. 

I'm going to cum! gasped Pyrriah. This is insane. This feels so good!

Gods damn, groaned Kurtis

Other gasps and shouts echoed around us as they witnessed what my sister now packed. I suckled on that girl-dick hard, my tongue sweeping around her crown. She quivered as I did that. Her head tossed from side to side as I nursed on her with all my might.

She trembled, her cock throbbing in my mouth. I suckled hard on her, my brother driving his dick deep into my asshole. He brought me closer and closer to cumming, too. I was so near to bursting on his cock. I wanted that so much. 

I craved to have such a mighty orgasm on his big dick. I squeezed my bowels down around him. The heat melted to my pussy. I whimpered around Pyrriah's hermaphrodite-cock. She grabbed fistfuls of my black hair.

Yes! she gasped. Las's big dick, yes!

Her hermaphrodite-cock erupted.

I groaned as I tasted the salty delight of my sister's girl-cum for the first time. I was so thankful to drink her first load of spunk. I squeezed my anal sheath around my brother's cock as he buried to the hilt in my bowels.

I burst with delight.

I gulped down my sister's cum as the waves of incestuous delight washed through me. My anal sheath convulsed around that big dick in my asshole. I loved that heat surging through me. This wonderful bliss drowned my mind.

Gods damn! growled Kurtis as he buried into my spasming asshole.

His cock erupted.

Hot cum jetted into my spasming bowels. I writhe around him, suckling at him. I loved this passion. It was wonderful having all that spunk spurting into me. He fired blast after blast of his spunk into my anal sheath.

I trembled, the ecstasy gushing out of my writhing pussy. My brother pumped more and more jizz into my bowels. I loved every drop of my sister's hermaphrodite-cum spurting onto my mouth. This was heavenly.

I was so glad about all of this. It was just amazing to have this spunk spurting into my mouth and my asshole. My brother and sister gave me so much jizz. I trembled through all of it, nursing on their cocks, wanting them to run dry.

Oh, Lasla, whimpered Pyrriah as she shuddered, the scent of her tangy pussy juices filling my nose. She erupted one final time.

Gods damn, my brother groaned as he fired one last blast of cum into my asshole.

I swallowed the last of my sister's jizz before ripping my mouth off her girl-cock. I gasped out, Why do you have a hermaphrodite-dick?

I don't know, Pyrriah said, staring at her clit-cock in shock. She concentrated, and it shrunk. I can control it.

Like Mother, Kurtis said, pulling his cock out of my asshole.

She is my daughter, Mother Azuliana said. It's not surprising that she has a clit that can turn into a dick. Her true nature must have been suppressed by the Phoenix.

I can feel lusts now, Pyrriah said. I can feel how wet and hard everyone is right... She glanced at Oberoy who stood near Beliala. She felt that strange, submissive lust the fairy felt toward the demon.

Why don't I have a cock? I asked. My mother's a hermaphrodite.

Sylphs never have cocks, Kurtis said. So you probably are, you just... won't ever have a dick. But you could reproduce with an elf or a gnome.

Or Mother Azuliana, I said. I do feel the potential to have her baby when she pumps me full of cum. I just never let her. For now. Once we had saved our Father and settled down, maybe...

Pyrriah grinned. It was mischievous and naughty. Was that how I looked like when I had one of my hot and kinky plans?

I want to use my new cock, she said, her clit sprouting once more. If you get to fuck any males you want, I get to fuck any females. The only male I want is my twin brother, but... I do like other women! 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Pyrriah

Starting with you, I purred, staring down at Lasla. I can do that, right, Kurtis?

Of course, you can, said Kurtis. My women are yours. You and Lasla have always been free to fuck them.

I love you, I purred, my hermaphrodite-dick throbbing. Mmm, and you... On your hands and knees. I can feel what you want to do. Suck our brother's dick clean while I fuck your dripping pussy with my new hermaphrodite-cock.

Ooh, I love you taking charge, cooed Lasla as she turned around.

She knelt there and wiggled her cute rump at me. She had a delicious ass, our brother's cum trickling out of her asshole and down her taint to her black bush. Her juices dripped from those drenched curls.

I guided my new hermaphrodite-dick to her bush. This cock was amazing. I loved pushing into her hole and fucking her hard. I couldn't believe how sensitive it was. Her hot, tight, and juicy pussy engulfed my dick. I shuddered at the feeling of my first twat.

My sister's twat.

Ooh, almost as big as our brother, cooed Lasla as she wiggled her hips.

I was glad I wasn't as big or bigger. That just wouldn't have been right. Our brother should have the most impressive cock. And he did have those wonderful balls I loved. I didn't have that, though I did have a juicy pussy he loved.

I gripped my sister's hips and drew back my cock. She moaned in delight, her mouth opening wide to swallow Kurtis's dick. He grinned as he fed his cock to her hungry mouth. She slid her lips over him as I thrust back into her pussy.

Her hot, tight snatch gripped me. Massaged me. The heat melted down my shaft to my pussy. I had these twin points in me. My ovaries, I believed, brimmed with all the hermaphrodite-cum I would fire into my sister's snatch.

Ooh, this is amazing, Kurtis, I said. I love fucking Lasla.

He grinned. She is tied for having the best pussy.

I believe that, I said, thrusting into my sister's twat. 

He groaned while our sister suckled on him. Lasla polished off the sour musk of her own ass, the naughty girl. I loved that so much as I fucked her pussy. I pumped in and out of her, my round boobs bouncing and heaving. Ooh, she felt so amazing. I loved it. 

I could just do this all day long. It was amazing to ram into her pussy. I fucked into my sister's cunt with everything that I had. She moaned around our brother's dick, polishing his pool. He gripped the sides of her head, grinning.

Fuck her hard, Pyrriah, he groaned. She loves it!

Lasla moaned her agreement.

I could feel how much she loved it now. Her orgasm built in her. That was just a treat to experience. I didn't know I would feel that, but I was glad to. I loved the way she felt. I savored how amazing it was to fuck her. I buried into her over and over again.

The pressure grew at the tip of my hermaphrodite-dick. I loved how delicious it was to be in her. I pumped away at her, fucking her with such force. I buried to the hilt in her with everything that I had. It was amazing.

My pussy clenched.

Juices dripped down my thighs as I fucked her hard.

Oh, wow, I groaned. Ooh, this is just amazing. Las's big dick, I love this!

I know you do, grinned Kurtis. He had a big smile on his face. Damn, she's just sucking hard on my dick. Nursing on it with such passion. I love it!

Good, I groaned, pumping away at Lasla's pussy, her orgasm coming closer and closer. So was Kurtis's.

And mine.

I loved this. I churned up Lasla's pussy I fucked her with force, rising and rising toward that wonderful moment of erupting. I craved to dump all my cum into her pussy. I wanted to pump her full of all my girl-spunk.

My brother groaned. He slid his fingers through Lasla's hair as she suckled on his cock with passion. She nursed hard on him, slurping on him. Polishing his pole. She reveled in blowing our brother. She enjoyed it as much as my cock fucking her.

I pounded her hard and fast, the need to cum throbbing at the tip of my cock and deep in my pussy. I brimmed with all that wonderful girl-spunk I would fire into her. My hermaphrodite-jizz swelled with the need to erupt in her. It was magnificent.

I plowed into Lasla. She detonated.

Squealing around Kurtis's cock, her pussy went wild around my dick. I loved that heat. I savored that wonderful passion. She held me tight with that wonderful cunt. Her pussy rippled around me. She suckled at my hermaphrodite-rod.

Gods damn I moaned as the pressure detonated in me.

I climaxed.

My pussy spasmed, the pleasure rushing through me. I groaned, savoring the ecstasy that shot out of my girl-dick and the rapture that washed out of my spasming twat. My head threw back as my hermaphrodite-dick erupted again and again. I fired my girl-spunk into my sister's pussy.

Oh, Lasla, I moaned.

Yes, Lasla, groaned Kurtis.

He detonated, too.

I felt his pleasure surging through his body as he pumped his cum into our sister's mouth. We flooded Lasla with what she loved from both ends. I groaned, my pussy spasming. The intense ecstasy and familiar rapture both swirled through my thoughts. Hot cream dripped down my thighs.

I shuddered through all this bliss. My boobs bounced and heaved as I enjoyed every last second of this bliss. I quivered as my sister's cunt suckled at my dick. She nursed at me with such passion. I loved how she did that. It was wonderful to have her nursing out every drop of cum that I had.

Yes, yes, yes, I moaned. Ooh, that's so good. Just wondrous.

It was an absolute joy. I shuddered at the hot passion shooting through my body. I trembled, my breasts quivering. They swayed back and forth as my pussy juices spilled hot down my thigh. It was a fantastic delight.

I loved every last moment of this bliss. It was an amazing rush. I savored it immensely. I loved every last second of this delight. A big smile spread on my lips as I hit my peak. I shuddered there, my heart pounding in my chest.

Oh, that was good, I groaned.

Yes, panted Kurtis.

I need more, I said, my gaze sliding around. My eyes fell on Kyaza. She was watching, her thighs dewy with her excitement. My brother had bred her. Claimed her. I need your ass, Kyaza.

Oh, of course, Mistress Pyrriah, she gasped as I thrust my lusts into her. I made her crave kneeling on the sands and wiggling her ebony rump at me. Her thick braids swayed around her face.

She turned around and dropped to the ground, shaking her delicious ass at me. I ripped my cock out of Lasla's pussy, rose, and darted across the sands to Kyaza. I fell to my knees and pressed my hermaphrodite-dick into her butt-crack.

I shuddered at how delicious it was to slide down her crack until I found her anal ring. My twat squeezed as the tip of my girl-cock drilled against her. My clit-dick drank in the texture of her asshole as she slowly widened for me.

She moaned as I drilled against her. she shuddered there as I pushed and pushed on her. She moaned, her head tossing. Her braids swayed around her face as her asshole widened and swallowed my cock. 

Mistress, the centaur's wife moaned as her anal ring stretched around the crown of my hermaphrodite-dick.

Mmm, that's good, I moaned as her asshole opened wide. My pussy-lubed cock popped into her bowels. 

I trembled at the new sensation. Her asshole had a velvety texture to it. Not as wet as pussy. But it was delicious to be in her. The heat melted up my cock and soaked through my pussy. My ovaries rejoiced at this delight.

I shuddered as I pushed deeper and deeper into her bowels, loving how she swallowed me. My tan cock sank into her. I loved how she felt. She had such a delicious grip on me. I sighed as I bottomed out in her, my blue bush rubbing on her rump.

Blue bush... Blue hair... So different.

Oh, Mistress, moaned Kyaza as I drew back my cock. She squeezed her bowels down around me. Mmm, that's so good!

I thought you'd like that, I purred. You love my brother's cock in your ass!

Your brother owns me body and soul, she moaned. He won me.

Yes, he did, I purred. I had been there for that. I had fought before, but now... Now that wasn't what I wanted to do. I wasn't a fighter any longer.

My brother had learned a lot from the old me, though. He was a great fighter now.

I buried to the hilt in her asshole. I fucked deep and hard into her anal sheath. She squeezed down around me. I groaned, savoring that heat. I loved how she held me tight as I fucked her hard and fast. I buried to the hilt in her bowels.

She squeezed her asshole down on me. She held me with her delicious asshole. The heat melted down my cock and soaked through my pussy. My ovaries brimmed with delight. I loved how she massaged me. 

My ovaries drank in the friction.

Oh, yes, yes, she moaned, her hips wiggling from side to side. That's good. That's so good!

Enjoy, I purred, my pussy growing hotter and hotter with every plunge of my clit-dick into her bowels. I know I am!

She purred her agreement, wiggling her hips around my bowels. She stirred me up. It was a wonderful delight to feel her doing that. I fucked her with force, burying into her again and again. I wanted her to cum so hard.

I just wanted her to spasm around my hermaphrodite-dick. That would be amazing. I loved making people cum. This was just a newand pleasurableway to do it. I gloried in every thrust into her. It was amazing. I savored that wonderful grip.

My orgasm built and built with my every thrust into her bowels. She moaned as she squeezed her anal sheath around my cock. It was a wonderful moment to revel in that delight. I fucked her hard and fast. I buried into her asshole.

Ooh, ooh, Mistress, she groaned. You keep fucking me like that, and you're going to make me cum! Gewin's mighty cock, you'll make me burst!

Good, I purred, slamming my hermaphrodite-dick to the hilt in her. I loved how she squeezed down on me She held me tight in that amazing grip of hers. I loved it. I rose toward the bursting point. I would have a huge climax. Just spurt all the jizz I could into her. I want you to cum hard on me!

Yes, Mistress, she moaned. 

I pumped away hard and fast at her. I fucked her with all that I had. She squeezed her anal sheath down on me. It was a phenomenal delight. I groaned, thrusting into her bowels over and over again. She gripped my cock with that tight anal sheath.

My pussy dripped juices down my thighs as I pounded her. I buried into her again and again, reveling in her tight asshole. The ache grew at the tip of my hermaphrodite-dick. That was a magnificent moment.

I fucked into her with such deep strokes. It was a wonderful moment. I was so glad to fuck her like this. I savored this delight so much. It was outstanding to have a hermaphrodite-cock. I gloried in burying my clit-dick into her asshole.

She squeezed her bowels around me, her orgasm swelling fast in her. Mistress! Keep fucking my asshole! Please, please, don't stop!

Not until you cum, I moaned, hammering her anal sheath with force. I fucked her hard and fast. I buried into her again and again, wanting to just erupt into her. I craved that so much. Now let me feel that asshole going wild, Kyaza!

Yes, Mistress Pyrriah! she moaned as I buried into her asshole. Her head tossed, her thick braids dancing through the air. Gewin's Mighty Cock.

Her orgasm burst in her.

I felt that wave of pleasure surging through her as her asshole spasmed around my cock. She suckled at me with her hot bowels. I loved it so much. I savored the heat, reveling in this pleasure. It was an incredible moment. I loved every second of it. This was just a wonderful moment to enjoy.

Las's big dick! I grunted, burying into her asshole. I erupted. Oh, yes, that's delicious!

I pumped my hermaphrodite-cum into her spasming bowels. She suckled at me with that wonderful flesh. I threw back my head, my boobs bouncing as I enjoyed every last second of this bliss. It was so wonderful to erupt in her.

I filled her with spurt after spurt of my girl-jizz. My cunt writhed, the waves of delight washing through my body as the ecstasy surged through my mind. It was just a wonderful treat. I quivered here, enjoying every last second of this delight. I trembled, my heart pounding in my chest. 

Oh, yes, that was so good, Kyaza whimpered as she suckled at my hermaphrodite-cock. That was just outstanding.

It was, I groaned as I pumped more girl-jizz into her bowels.

Her hot flesh spasmed around my hermaphrodite-cock. I loved that delight. It felt just outstanding to have her nursing at me. The pleasure hit that wonderful peak in me. I groaned through all the bliss. I shuddered here, my heart pounding in my chest. A big smile spread on my lips. I felt just fantastic. I could float away. 

That was how good I felt right now.

It was delicious being a Daughter of Las. I looked up at the stars. I would never forget the Phoenix. I knew she was in the Astral Realm now. She would be in the Halls of Glory where Gewin ruled over the souls of all the valiant who died bravely in battle.

And that was a battle. I smiled, tears in my eyes, hoping she would find peace there. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Kurtis

She's... much hornier, I said as I watched Pyrriah getting her dick sucked clean by Diane. 

My hermaphrodite-sister looked so happy as the moon maiden bobbed her head, working her mouth up and down Pyrriah's clit-dick.

Yep, said Lasla. She's a true Daughter of Las like me. She'll be vying with you to fuck and breed all the pretty women she can.

Damn, I said, my hand grabbing Pyrriah's ass. I can't believe we walked into that. We could have all died.

I'm so sorry, Master, Kyaza said. She dropped to her knees. The males who went on the quest would never speak of it. Just say it was dangerous. They always came back with less of them. I never imagined it was...

It's fine, I said and drew her up. You have nothing to be ashamed about. It happens. You would have told us if you knew, right?

Of course, she said, her eyes staring up at me like she was desperate for me to believe her. I would never do that. 

I cupped her face and kissed her. I thrust my tongue into her mouth. She groaned as I did that. Then I broke the kiss and glanced at my sister getting blown by Diane. That made my dick very, very hard.

Now excuse me, I said and headed for the pair. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Pyrriah

I knew how much Diane loved to suck cocks, 

I stepped up before her. She glanced down at me, this wild look in her eyes. She danced there, looking so delicious. The Moon Maiden was such a wonderful addition to the harem. I was so glad that my brother had claimed her. She glanced at me, her body trembling.

I nudged her lusts over the edge so she didn't hold back her desire. With a wanton moan of delight, Diane dropped to her knees, opened her mouth wide, and swallowed my cock. I loved her engulfing my dick. Her mouth felt amazing around my hermaphrodite-dick. 

She suckled on my dirty cock, polishing off Kyaza's asshole. I felt eyes on me. My brother and sister watched. I was glad for that. I shuddered, reveling in that hot mouth suckling on me. She sent such delight rippling through my pussy.

Her finger rubbed at my twat. She thrust in a pair of digits.

Ooh, that's good, I moaned, loving the feel of my pussy being penetrated as she suckled on my hermaphrodite-dick. Just like that. You're such a good girl.

Her eyes twinkled.

My brother moved up behind her. He had a big smile on his face as he knelt behind her. Diane suckled harder, thrusting out her rump. He gripped her hips and went for his moon maiden's pussy. He pushed his cock right into her twat and thrust.

I can't wait to suck your dick, Mistress, Shetha said.

I look forward to it, I answered, loving how Diane suckled on my cock.

She moaned around my dick as she enjoyed my brother's dick in her. My twin grinned at me as he pumped away at her juicy cunt. He fucked her with hard strokes while my dick throbbed in her mouth. The pleasure of her suckling on me sent me wild.

My pussy clenched as she polished my pole. She worked her mouth up and down my clit-dick with passion. She swirled her tongue around my cock, savoring the flavor of Kyaza's asshole. Diane was such a delicious thing.

I know, said Kurtis. She is wonderful.

I grinned at him. Yep. I can feel how much I'll love fucking her pussy. You love it!

He nodded.

Diane suckled even harder, clearly pleased that he loved her pussy. She was so happy to serve him. I was glad for that. I was happy for her, too. My pussy clenched as she suckled on me. She nursed with all her passion, driving me wild with her hot mouth. 

Diane worked those naughty fingers in and out of my cunt. She teased me with them. I loved it so much. I shuddered through all that wonderful bliss. It was a magnificent moment. I savored the pleasure as I rose toward that amazing climax.

I would have such a bit one. A huge one. My body trembled, my boobs jiggling as she suckled on my dick. She nursed on me with such passion. I loved the way she danced her tongue around the crown of my clit-dick while fingering my cunt.

That's it, Diane, my brother groaned as he drilled his cock into her snatch. He was so handsome, his muscular chest rippling in the moonlight. Suck my sister's hermaphrodite-dick. Make her cum. Drink every drop of her spunk.

She moaned her agreement, suckling so hard.

I loved how she did that. She was so eager to pleasure my brother. Her fingers thrust over and over into my pussy. She rocked to his thrusts, his cock burying into her cunt. Her butt-cheeks rippled while she moaned her delight.

Her digits thrust faster and faster in and out of my cunt. I squeezed down on them, enjoying the two different delights. Her hot mouth felt amazing around my hermaphrodite-cock while her naughty fingers drove my snatch wild.

My ovaries drank in both.

Las's big dick, you're going to get a mouthful of my hermaphrodite-cum, I groaned.

Yep, grunted Kurtis. Gods damn, you're going to flood her. She loves jizz.

Mine will be her second favorite, I said, knowing that all the women in the harem were Kurtis's first and foremost.

Including me.

He grinned at me as he fucked hard into her pussy. He pounded her with force, loving her snatch around him. She churned up my twat faster with her fingers. She drove them in deep. I groaned, my heart racing at the way she stirred me up. 

It was glorious to feel this. To be alive to feel this. It was an amazing rush to have her suckling on me. She bobbed her head, working her mouth up and down me. The need to cum grew and grew. My ovaries tightened with their load of hermaphrodite-jizz.

That's it, Diane, groaned my brother, fucking her cunt. The naughty moon maiden was close to cumming. Just keep sucking on her. You're going to get a big reward.

Yes, I groaned, loving what her tongue did to my snatch. I was so close to bursting, too. Just so near. Keep sucking. I'm so close!

She squealed around my cock as her pussy went wild around my brother's dick.

Las's big dick, I moaned as my hermaphrodite-cock erupted in Diane's mouth.

The jizz spurted out of my girl-dick and into her mouth. My pussy writhed around those naughty fingers of hers. The waves of passion swept through me followed by jolts of ecstasy. I enjoyed the dual delights, my boobs bouncing and heaving.

Gods damn, groaned Kurtis as he buried into her writhing cunt. Diane!

He pumped his cum into Diane's pussy. He filled her to the brim with his cum. He grunted with each eruption, his face twisting in delight. The pleasure swept over him. He groaned, enjoying every last second of his orgasm.

I was enjoying mine.

My hermaphrodite-cum spurted over and over into Diane's mouth. She gobbled it all down. I shuddered through my orgasm, a big smile on my lips. I loved every last blast of my cum pumping into her mouth. I trembled through the bliss.

Oh, yes, I groaned as I erupted a final blast of hermaphrodite-cum into her mouth. Oh, that was so good. Ooh, I can't believe how much I love having my cock.

I'm glad, he said, grinning at me. We're going to share so many women. Me, you, and Lasla!

Yep! Lasla squealed. Oh, that's it, Nazak, get that tongue in my pussy. Ooh, ooh, you know what you're doing to me.

I smiled at my brother. We still had days left in this desert. I couldn't wait to see what delights we would share. I was so eager for it. I had never wanted sex so much. The Phoenix gave me a wondrous gift, and I would not squander it.

I would enjoy my life to the fullest with my brother and sister. With our ever-growing family.

I was proud to be a Daughter of Las. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Kurtis

I stared out at the transition. The sun was rising, our camps were being erected. The mighty Savannah stretched out before us. The grassy fields where Kyaza's tribe of centaurs roamed. We had to cross that vast plain to reach the Uth Jungle.

Deep in the Heart of the Green Dark,
South beyond the Endless Plains,
Beneath the mountain of bone,
Amid the tigers' pyramids,
Lies what you seek.
Blood flows and feeds the trees!
Blood flows and feeds the stones!
Blood flows and feeds the queens!
Deep in the Heart of the Green Dark,
There lies your prize.

The words of the Serpent Oracle echoed in my mind. The Endless Plains... What dangers would we find there? We would sleep for a few hours and press on. The days were not as hot, and there would be shade out there. Occasionally. Trees dotted the plains. Strange ones with bare trunks that rose high to the wide canopy.

Our sojourn in the desert was over.

To be continued...


To be continued...
