She came to work prepared today. She did not want to be caught off guard like she was a week or so ago. Wearing a knee length skirt, a button down sweater, a bra with a front clasp, and skimpy panties, she bounced into her office much perkier than usual. She removed her coat and hung it on the door hook. She furiously rubbed her knees and legs, trying to warm them up. It was cold out, but since she was wearing boots, she hadn't bothered with pantyhose. She was dressed as she was so as to provide easy access to her body.
She placed her briefcase/backpack on her desk and checked for the umpteenth time that it was really in there, hidden in an inside zipper pocket. She let out a sigh of relief. There it was, wrapped in plastic. She had not forgotten it....her new, large 8-inch vibrating dildo. She had worried that she had not remembered to bring it, but had been afraid to check since she had been riding in a bus with only about a million people around her.
Her flesh broke out in goosebumps as she thought about that night. She often stayed late at the office, most times being the only one there until 9:00 or so. Without the constant interruption from client calls, she found she got more work done at that time. But she always kept her instant messenger program running, just in case 'he' should sign on and want to talk to her. She had 'met' him in an Internet forum, and they had become quite friendly via both email and her chat program. The talk became progressively more sexual, evolving into a game of who could better describe various sexual acts that they would like to perform on each other. These chats always left her extremely horny. He was able to describe things in such a way that she could almost feel them happening. Her body would tingle, her nipples would harden, and her vagina would get moist and warm. She would always end the session by masturbating afterward, not being able to bear the bus ride home in the state he left her in.
But over the last few weeks, the chat progressed even further. The exchanges intensified. Words rapidly flew across the screen at a faster and faster rate. They would both agree on a 'scene' to act out. Then the descriptions would begin, each taking a turn describing what was 'happening' between them. She shivered a bit as she remembered one line in particular... "my hand slowly works its way under your blouse, fingers lightly flicking a nipple through the sheer material of your bra." He would continue that way, while she answered, until they worked themselves into a frenzy and then brought themselves to mutually, self-induced pleasure.
She sometimes wondered if she was going crazy. How had she let this become so important to her? She had no lover at the moment, so her sex drive was kicked up an extra notch to begin with, but still - she could not believe that she ended some work nights with her hand between her legs, rubbing herself frantically, bringing herself to a moaning orgasm. It was like a virtual fantasy. Or as she sometimes said to him, it was as if they were acting out their own personal version of a Penthouse Forum story.
Then that night happened. Their fantasy turned rougher, with him describing what basically amounted to rape, only in their word play, she ended up giving in to his brutal advances. She had become so crazed that she looked for something, anything to shove up her cunt. She wanted to feel as if she was really being fucked, and hard. She remembered that there was a flashlight in her desk drawer. Quickly, she took it out and paused only for a moment to wonder what the hell she was doing. It was quite large. His words were getting her hotter and hotter, until she finally gave in, placed the flashlight on her chair with the long handle end facing upward, straddled herself over it and sat down slowly. She cried out as her cunt stretched painfully, almost past its limit.
As she lowered herself onto to it, she typed, "you'll never guess what I'm shoving into myself right now."
The typing paused, then the words "tell me" appeared.
"I'm sitting on a flashlight," she responded, her face reddening with the admission.
"Fuck! That is hot!!" He surprised her, she thought he would think she was mad.
He paused another second, then wrote, "I want you to do whatever I tell you to do, do you hear me?"
It was her turn to remain silent, contemplating how far she should go with this. Finally, she answered with one word...."yes".
"Raise yourself up, until the flashlight is near slipping out of your cunt," he demanded.
She did what she was told.
"Now sit down hard. I want you to slam it as hard and as far into you as you can."
She shook her head violently, as if he could see her. Her hesitation provoked another response from him.
"DO AS I TELL YOU, WHORE!"
"NO!" She replied. "It will hurt."
"Marlene, listen carefully. You must do this for me. And describe for me what it feels like."
She clenched her teeth while grabbing the edge of the desk. She held her breath, then slammed her body down.
"OWWWWWWWWWWWW!!!!!" She managed to type. Tears welled up in her eyes as she sat there, letting her mind absorb both the pain and, yes, the pleasure of what she had just felt.
"Imagine that it's me slamming my rock-hard cock into your tight pussy," he wrote. "Now rise up again and clench your cunt around the end of the flashlight so it doesn't slip out."
Again, she did what she was told. Her legs were a bit wobbly as she tried to hold herself in a position where she did not release the flashlight. Sweat was forming on her brow. Her breathing was quick and raspy.
"I've got a hold of you from behind, arms around your waist, squeezing you tight," he explained. "I pull your lower body up just a bit more, then slam you down onto my cock again."
She followed his description and let out another scream. "OH GOD!" She typed. It still hurt, but not as much. Her teeth chattered as she continued to cry out. "Stop. Please stop!"
"NO! Wriggle about a bit, force yourself to take all of it, Marlene!"
"OOOOHHHHHHH, FUCK!!!!!!! I hate you!"
His instructions came at her faster and faster, and she followed them, her legs lifting her, then slamming herself back down again. Sweat was now dripping from her face onto the desk. Her tits bounced, sometimes hitting against the edge of the furniture, causing another howl to escape into the empty office. She continued letting him talk her through a brutal assault of her cunt. Soon her screams of pain became moans of pleasure. She could feel her cunny clenching and spasming.
"Oh God.....Oh God......OOOOHHHHHH!!!!!!!" She managed to type.
"Are you coming, Marlene. Is my cock making you shiver in orgasm?"
"Yes!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
She stopped typing, grasping the desk with her hands, her head wildly whipping about while she moaned and cried. Her orgasm was intense. Her cunt felt as if it was on fire. He kept typing statements, describing what he was continuing to 'virtually' do to her......."my fingers are pinching your hardened nipples......squeezing them......nearly crushing them." Her own fingers did the same, and she screamed as she came again, then again. After each orgasm, she would type how she was cumming, then she would go off into a trance of sorts as her body trembled. Finally, the spasms slowed, and she sat still, tears streaking her face, mixing with her sweat. Her breathing was still coming in short, harsh gasps, and her chest thumped wildly. She wondered if she was having a heart attack.
"Oh......my.......God!" She could barely type, her hands were shaking so badly.
"Shit, I didn't know you were a multiple orgasm type of girl," he wrote.
"Neither did I!" She responded, grunting a laugh as she tried to relax. "But now, I need to remove this thing from me."
"NO!" She was struck by the word on the screen, almost as if he had slapped her.
"What do you mean 'no'?" She cried as she typed. "I'm dying here!"
"NO! Not until I tell you to, you slut!" His verbal abuse continued, and she was shocked as she felt herself get excited again. She squirmed as another orgasm took its hold of her.
Finally, after much begging, he instructed her to stand. Her legs shook so badly, that she needed to place her hands on the desk to steady herself.
"Don't pull it out yet," he commanded.
'Oh, shit!' She thought. 'Now what?!'
"Please....please let me remove it."
"No, I want you to push your cunt as hard as you can. Force the flashlight out by bearing down."
'This is insane,' she thought. But she listened. The whole ordeal of being ordered around by him excited her once again, and she shivered as a less intense orgasm rushed through her body. She mashed her teeth. "GRGRRRRRIGGGG!" She yelled. Finally, it popped out, and she collapsed back into her chair. The flashlight fell to the floor. That's when she noticed the light was on.
She typed the emoticons for laughing several times as she explained to him that she had succeeded in turning the flashlight on.
"I think I got it excited." She knew she was laughing much harder than she should be, but she couldn't help herself. She was giddy from all the abuse she had just taken.
He 'laughed' back, and they continued writing silly things to each other for the next few minutes. Finally, she asked him if he was ready for her to 'take care' of him.
The 'falling down laughing' emoticon flashed on her screen.
"What's so funny now?" She asked.
"Don't worry, honey. I was so turned on by this that I came a while ago. All I had to do was touch myself with a few quick strokes and it was all over."
They talked a little longer. When they were signing off, they both agreed on another night to 'get together'. He gave her his instructions for the next time......bring a dildo to work.
So, here she was, wishing she could force the day to speed by. She was already wet anticipating tonight's encounter.