Monica Is Naked In The Forest
by Col-El

It was hot summers day, as three young and beautiful women hike through the local park; making their way to a picnic area. A blonde, curvy woman, Lilly, is leading the group, she suggest that they rest on a picnic table. “Thank god” said a slim, mousy girl named Monica Jones; as she complains about the heat. Jess, the short red head of the group, jokingly tells Monica to just strip of she’s that hot and sweaty. Lilly likes this idea, as her and Jess dare Monica to strip off all her clothes and walk up a forest path and back fully nude. The self conscious Monica refuses at first. “Come on Monica, nobody is around”. The girls said, egging the poor girl on. Monica isn’t up for this, at all; but once her friends decide that they’ll pay her 50 bucks each for completing the challenge; she hesitantly undressing in front of the two women.

Her two friends are loving the show, taunting their friend as they compliment her firm ass and perky boobs. Lilly rushes in to steal her bra and cop a feel on her tits; all the all while Jess pulls Monica’s panties down her long, smooth legs and proceed to squeeze her soft ass. Much to Monica’s discomfort and begs her fully clothed friends to stop, but they continue to tease and laugh at the defenceless naked girl. Monica covers herself with hands, but it still leaves her body exposed to the world. “No need to cover up, you sexy thing.” Said Jess. Lilly takes Monica’s clothes and her backpack from her. Lilly adds: “To be honest, a girl with a hot body like yours doesn’t really need clothes.” The two laugh, as Monica’s insecurities grow further.

The nervous naked lady is sent up the trail with a pat on the butt, and nothing but the glasses on her head. As her two friends watch her leave, taking in the lovely view and calling her to go on. Monica walks further up the trail, nervously and hoping no one comes with way; using her hands to cover her slender figure. One thought going through her mind: “What if someone sees me?” But after a while, she gets used to have the sun on her bare skin, and she starts smiling. In fact she rather enjoys this; to the point that she’s no longer covering her herself. She's alone among the trees, walking with pride and no longer caring about being naked; Monica feels a sensation of liberation and arousal going through her head and down her spine. The further she walks through the trees, the more horny she feels. She’s never felt freedom like this before. Monica lightly touches her crouch and moans in delight. She hears something in the distance, she couldn’t tell if it was a person, a twig or a bird, but she instinctively covers her mouth in fear, thinking someone has heard her. Her heart starts beating as she wonders if someone is coming this way.

The forest is silent, no one approaches, she recovers and takes a breath of relief. The ecstasy within keeps building, as she rest her slender figure against a nearby tree and begins playing with herself. Her smooth hands move from the tips of her nipples and go lower to her crouch. She can’t contain herself anymore, as her moans go from soft and become louder as she rubs her pussy. She’s interrupted by the rustle of a tree branch, she briefly panics and sees that the startling noise came from a squirrel above her in the same tree. Monica gets worried for a moment, the thought of some stranger stumbling upon her in the nude won’t leave her mind. She starts thinking that maybe she should go back to get her clothes and the 50 bucks; and so she does. After walking back along the trail she came from, she returns to the picnic area to see it empty; even Jess and Lilly have left her behind. Monica is dreading the worst, she looks all around in a panic, under each table and and bench, but her clothes are nowhere to be found. Monica covers herself in fear as her heart beating faster and faster: “this can’t be happening!” She thought to herself, regretting her decision. Monica starts loosing her breath, needs to get out of here without being seen. She makes a fearful dash up a different path, hiding behind multiple trees along the way hoping no one can see her. She has no idea where to go - but she’s heading on wards away from here. The fear of being seen by someone is still running through her head, constantly. She was right, this was a bad idea.

After wandering aimlessly with no clothes, no phone, and no indication on where to go next: Monica becomes more paranoid, each noise makes her more nervous. She instinctively hides in a bush, to which she starts to break down in tears. A slim middle aged woman in sweaty gym clothes jogs by. Her name is Lisa, she notices the young crying, naked woman and goes to comfort her. Monica is spooked by Lisa, but she seems friendly enough. She explains to Lisa about what has happened: how her friends dared her to streak alone through the forest, and how they made a dash with her clothes. “How awful” Lisa said, trying to comfort the poor girl; wiping Monica’s makeup soaked tears from her pretty face. Lisa thought about how she could help the girl; then she gets an idea.

Out of generosity: Lisa slowly starts removing the clothes from her well tone figure; as she gives Monica the clothes from off her back. Monica is confused by this, but is eternally grateful. “I insist” Lisa says, giving a complete stranger her own clothes, as she is now the one standing naked in the public park. “But you’re naked too” Monica says. Lisa responds: “ Oh don’t you worry about me, you need them more than i do.” Monica hugs the older naked lady: “Thank you so much!” She starts getting dressed in the strangers comfy gym wear. “Don’t worry about me, i can take care of myself.” Lisa said reassuringly, taking her phone back from Monica. The two depart as Lisa sends the young Monica on her way; her worries behind her. Meanwhile Lisa sits her well toned ass on the gravel path, with nothing but her wedding ring on one hand, her mobile phone in the other hand, and a smile on her face. She doesn’t regret helping the woman in need, but she does start pondering on what to do next. “Well at least it’s nice and warm out here.” Lisa says as she begins her long, long walk home, naked.

On the other-side of the park, Lilly and Jess make run towards their car holding Monica’s clothes and backpack; giggling with glee and joy other the thought of Monica being embarrassed and alone in the nude, helpless. But before they get the chance to drive away, someone calls to the two girls: “Hey!” Their smiles turn upside down as they see whose calling them: It's Monica herself walking up towards the car park, full dressed, with newly found confidence. She walks up to the two friends that wronged her and only says one thing to them. “I’ll take that money now.”
