Firsts Shorts
by julesteve

FIRSTS SHORTS 01: GARDEN

Shorts of my first times exploring my exhibitionist side.

My first ventures into exhibitionism began by wandering around the house in the nude, well before I discovered that my neighbour was spying on me. When I first became sexually active, I'd slid naked under the duvet to explore but eventually realised I found it more exciting to be standing exposed in my bedroom, watching myself in the mirror, imagining others were watching me. I'd stand in front of my full-length mirror and lightly touch my breasts, enjoying how my pale nipples became hard as soon as my fingers stroked them, then run my fingers over the hair covering my mons, which I'd trimmed close even though it was already sparse and light, slipping my hand down between my legs, enjoying the sensation of my fingers exploring over and inside my vagina.

I'd never found nudity embarrassing, perhaps because my aunt, whom I lived with, often walked around the house naked, especially when she had a gentleman friend over. Sometimes I'd risked the chance of one of her friends seeing me walking naked around my bedroom with the door wide open or in the hallway as I fetched clean towels for my bathroom. At first, I'd just wander bare-breasted, wearing my panties, my heart beating fast as I heard someone padding up the stairs. On one occasion, my aunt's friend stopped, shocked, as he almost bumped into me. My aunt found it funny but gave me a look that I knew would later bring up a discussion about my nudity.

She understood my desires, as she had the same inclinations, talked them through with me and encouraged me to explore how being discovered naked made me feel, never once making me think I was odd or weird. With her encouragement, I gained confidence and began walking about with nothing on, even if she had a guest, sensing it was the danger of being caught that was exciting to me as much as the nudity, often touching myself after an encounter, fascinated at how wet I was.

When left alone in the house, I'd strip and walk into the garden naked. At first, I only went as far as the patio, shielded from the detached properties on either side. I did not realise until later that my neighbour opposite was spying on me. I'd become aroused just standing there, feeling the breeze stiffen my nipples. I'd masturbate, legs apart, discovering how to bring myself close to orgasm without quite getting there, prolonging the enjoyment.

The fear that someone might discover me soon dissipated, and I took to answering the door to couriers in a loosely tied bathrobe, allowing it to slip open just as I closed the door, giving them the briefest of glimpses of my nakedness.

One evening it was really warm, my aunt was away, and I'd been naked most of the day. I don't know if it was the warm summer evening, but I found standing by the patio doors even more pleasurable than usual and began teasing myself with my fingers. It was dusk, and I wondered what it would be like to play naked at the bottom of our garden instead of the relatively secluded safety of the patio and decided to see how exposed I'd be on the lawn.

Slipping on a T-shirt and panties, I walked barefoot across the grass. I looked around, seeing no lights in the detached properties on either side, just one bedroom of the adjacent house illuminated by a lamp. Taking a deep breath, I took hold of the bottom of my T-shirt and, in one smooth movement, pulled it up over my head. I felt so excited. It was ridiculous. Biting my lip, I tucked my thumbs in my panties. I slowly pulled them down with the slightest of hesitations and stepped out of them, the feeling of total exposure so naughty but so good. I couldn't have known then that my neighbour was in his bedroom window masturbating as I explored.

Trembling a little with nervous excitement, I touched the neatly trimmed hairs between my legs, my nipples, the tight folds of my labia, and the moist pink inner flesh as I slipped a finger inside my vagina, breathing in sharply as I felt myself shiver, as with my other hand, I rubbed the tips of my fingers over my clitoris.

It didn't take long before I felt my orgasm starting to build. I worked my fingers quicker, holding my breath as I reached the point of no return, slowing, holding off as long as I could before it became too much. I gasped with the release, letting it overcome me, my body shuddering as my legs almost buckled, and my juices flooded over my fingers, wetting my thighs. As I controlled my breathing, I thought I saw a shape at the patio window.

Putting it down to my imagination, I picked up my T-shirt and panties and returned to the house. When I walked into the kitchen, I stopped dead. There was a man's jacket over the chair, my aunt's keys on the hook and a note on the table that just read. 'That was naughty.'

It was apparent that my aunt had come home early, bringing her friend home for the evening, and they had seen me 'perform' in the garden. It was a shock, but I was also instantly wet at the thought I'd had a secret audience (other than the neighbour I found about later). I probably masturbated more than usual in bed that night, thinking of my audience and wondering if they'd comment at breakfast the next day.


FIRSTS SHORTS 02: PARK

Shorts of my first times exploring my exhibitionist side.

Having discovered the pleasure of masturbating naked in the garden, I fantasised about taking it further. I'd gone without panties and enjoyed being naked under my skirt but wondered what it would be like to be naked and touch myself in public. My aunt's house is close to a park and woodlands where I would go jogging. I knew plenty of semi-secluded places away from the official footpath, quiet and rarely disturbed and wondered if I dared go naked in one of these spots.

After walking around without panties, I'd sometimes find a quiet park bench and touch myself, but always fully clothed, under my skirt or dress. Once or twice I'd had to remove my hand quickly when I heard the sound of a walker or jogger. Although I'd never been caught, my heart would race with the thought of someone seeing me and my pussy would become just a little damper.

Still excited about my recent experience naked in the garden, I fantasised about being naked in public, away from the home's safety, wondering if I'd dare to do it in the park. I knew where there was a little path that cut through the trees to a secluded hollow, far enough from the usual ways used by joggers and walkers to be almost private but not so remote as to be completely isolated from the chance of discovery.

With my heart beating fast and a little nervous tremble of butterflies, I dressed in one of my loose summery dresses and a pair of skimpy panties and walked to the park. The slightly darker circles of my nipples were visible through the thin cotton, so it was apparent I had no bra on, and my stomach fluttered each time there was a double take from a passerby.

At first, I sat on a bench pretending to read, catching the lingering, disbelieving and excited looks of passersby, enjoying the admiring glances as I'd pulled my dress up high over my thighs as if to get sun on my legs, 'accidentally' raising it enough to show a peek of lace.

Holding my book high, I casually unbuttoned the front of my dress, revealing a generous amount of soft flesh as I leaned forward slightly, the dress parting enough to show a hint of nipple. Again I was excited by the quick looks and stares, which I pretended not to notice.

Standing, I stretched, further opening my dress for a brief moment, feeling the warm air on the curve of my breasts as it parted, then walked to the spot I'd been thinking about, cutting along the narrow gap between the trees to the patch of soft grass.

Without hesitation, I slid my dress off. I dropped it carefully onto the ground, standing in my panties, not showing any more than I did on a topless beach, but feeling different, naughtier because this wasn't one of those beaches, just an ordinary park. With a shiver of excitement, I glanced around and then looked down at my breasts. It felt daring and pleasant to be topless, my pale nipples standing out hard. I lay on the grass, pinching them gently, sending a tingle between my legs, and I suddenly felt the need to touch myself.

Raising my buttocks, I slipped my panties down until they were around my knees. Sliding my hands over my thighs and opening my legs, I used my fingers to spread and expose the folds of my pussy to the slight breeze, shuddering with the excitement of being so naughty, so revealed as I slipped a finger inside my slit, feeling incredibly wet as I stroked my bare breasts, twisting the nipples. Slowly moving my finger in and out, I pressed a second between my lips, eventually letting my other hand drift from my nipples, over my flat toned stomach, through my closely trimmed pubic hair, to my clit. I closed my eyes and imagined what it would be like to be caught like this and fucked outdoors.

It felt so lovely with the sun and breeze on my body, the grass tickling my bare bottom, with my fingers exploring my pussy that my breath soon came in harsh gasps. I imagined a stranger between my legs, his cock hard and nudging at my pussy lips before slowly sliding in, his cock penetrating me instead of my fingers. My thighs began to twitch each time I circled my clit as I built to an incredibly intense orgasm until I let out a little cry, not thinking of where I was, as my stomach fluttered with ripples of excitement.

After, I just lay on my back, panties around my knees, getting my breath back. When I had recovered a little, I used tissues from my bag to clean up, pulled up my panties and reluctantly put on my dress.

The whole experience had been as wonderful as I'd hoped, and I soon felt a little damp as I walked back to the main path. I don't know if it was because I was still giddy and excited by my semi-public orgasm, but I was overcome by the desire to be seen. Picking a patch of grass in the corner of the park, I set my bag down and sat as if I just intended to lie there and enjoy the sun, a bit nervous because it was much more exposed than my last place.

Slowly I slipped off my dress, telling myself again it was the same as the topless beach, although my bikini bottoms weren't lace and didn't show my pubic region. I sat with my arms around my knees momentarily, slowing my breath and gathering my courage to lie back, eventually stretching out, my breasts exposed to anyone passing on the nearby footpath. Not content with being topless, I slipped my panties down until they uncovered the light hair of my pubic mound and, with my eyes closed, again imagined what it would be like to be fucked outdoors while playing with my breasts.

Turning my head, I saw joggers. They were too far away to see much of me but close enough that they could see I was topless and slowed to a walk, staring until they were out of sight behind hedges at the curve in the path. My heart was pounding, and needing to touch myself, I rolled over on my front and pulled my panties over my cheeks to the top of my thighs, enjoying the breeze on my buttocks.

My breasts pressed into the grass as I wriggled and slipped a hand under my body to the still-sensitive nub of my clit. I imagined the joggers standing behind me, taking out their cocks as they watched me play, hands moving fast, as I had seen men do on pornos, until they ejaculated, spraying thick stuff over my cheeks. As usual, my dirty imagination got me going, quickly taking me past the point of no return. I held my breath as I hit another delicious orgasm until I was gasping and lifting my hips as I shook, going rigid as my legs trembled. I stretched out, working my clit with a tight, hard flick of my finger, again soaked, my pussy fingers and thighs damp.

As my orgasm subsided, I looked up, disappointed that no one had seen me and masturbated like mad over my naked cheeks, but that sort of thing was for pornos and didn't seem to happen in real life, or so I thought at the time. How wrong I was.

Oddly enough, even after coming a second time, I still felt horny. I turned and lay on my back again, panties pulled down to the tops of my thighs, stroking myself to another mini orgasm while watching to see if anyone would spot me, but nobody did. As evening closed in, I stood and took my panties off, standing fully naked in full sight of anyone walking along the path, before pulling on my dress, walking home without underwear, obviously naked under the material as it was turned translucent with the watery late evening sun behind it, thrilled as several people noticed my nakedness before I got home, a final exciting memory for an eventful day.


