Author: mypenname3000
Title: The Son of Lust Chapter Forty-Eight: Dreams of a Kingdom of Lust
Summary: HH MF FF HF inc oral anal voy exhib fantasy magic
Keywords: Kurtis has an idea for the future.
Copyright: 2022

Visit my blog at http://mypenname3000.com

Note: This story was commissioned by Ultrasound 7 and has allowed me to share it with you. This may contain scenarios and acts that I normally wouldn't write. There will be a strong sex slave/domination theme. I will keep this from violating any cannon established in the world and I developed the mythology that drives this story.

Antagony  Nemberon Plains

I crouched on my belly at the top of the hill, scanning the plains for any sign that the werewolves still hunted me. My stomach stewed with bitter failure. I had Kurtis at my mercy. And I let him live. That damned panthopus.

What was that thing doing here? It shouldn't have been anywhere near here. It should have been in the haunted forest. Panthopus liked using the trees to move about. But that thing was here. It couldn't have been a coincidence.

How had Kurtis tamed one?

Lust. Of course. He must have used his sisters to bind that creature to him, offering them up to the monster. He whored them out the way a Son of Las would do. It was so disgusting. I wanted to claw out his face.

He was more disgusting than I thought was possible.

I studied the plains for an hour. Nothing. The werewolves had abandoned their pursuit of me, returning to Kurtis. I had no more of the fairy dust to distract them. I had possessed everything to succeed, and I had failed.

I crawled backward until I was out of sight. Then I crept down the hill and kept moving. I had to find a safe place to camp. I searched for another hour and found a source of water. I hunkered down on it and ate some jerky, stewing.

When I heard the flap of wings and the glow of light. Ziryihm had arrived.

I closed my eyes, my cheeks burning with shame.

I failed, I said, the bitter gall of my words choking my throat. 

She moved around the fire and sank on the other side, the flames dancing before her, making it look like her breasts floated over the campfire. She leaned forward, a smile on her face. She didn't look disappointed.

That was somehow worse.

It was a tough problem, she said. He's very dangerous.

I failed, I said. I don't need your condescension.

It's not condescension, Ziryihm said. It's a fact. You were outnumbered. But you managed to neutralize Azuliana. That's the most dangerous threat. She won't accept our help. We have to force her to accept it. You can do this.

I stared at her with a flat expression. 

Next time, you'll succeed, she said. I believe in you.

He had a panthopus.

I know. Ziryihm shook her head. That was shocking. His sister's work. She tamed it with her pussy, I suspect. Lasla is proving to be almost as good at seduction as her brother. See, you didn't know he had that panthopus. I didn't even know. This was a failure of our intelligence. Now we know.

I shrugged.

Oh, Antagony, said Ziryihm. She rose and moved around the fire. You need to learn that you don't always succeed on the first attempt. It's not failure that's the problem. She stopped before me. Her clit sprouted from the shaved folds of her pussy. It's giving up.

Her cock swelled bigger. Larger. I stared at it, my heart pounding. That lust that Kurtis nearly filled me with surged in me. My own bud throbbed as Ziryihm's hermaphrodite-dick reached its full girth. It thrust at my face.

Are you giving up, Antagony? she demanded, her girl-cock throbbing before my face. Is it too hard for you, so you're going to surrender?

No! I snarled. I will save Azuliana! Matar's fiery daughters will flourish once more!

Suck and let my passion invigorate you, Antagony!

I opened my mouth and swallowed her hermaphrodite-dick. She groaned as my sealed my lips around her shaft and suckled. I nursed on her with such passion. I bobbed my head, working my mouth up and down her girl-cock. 

She groaned, her hermaphrodite-dick throbbing in my mouth. She whimpered, her girl-cock throbbing in my mouth. She threw back her head, her big boobs swaying over my head. Her wings flapped as I suckled with passion on her.

Matar's big dick, that's good, Ziryihm moaned. Just like that.

I loved making her moan. I savored her throbbing in my mouth. I suckled on her with such passion. I swirled my tongue around her clit-cock. She moaned. She slid her hand through my black hair as I bobbed my head.

I let my own clit-cock grow as the salty flavor of her precum soaked my tongue. It was a delight to enjoy her dick throbbing in my mouth. I swirled my tongue around her spongy crown. She groaned, her girl-shaft twitching in my mouth. I loved how amazing she tasted in my mouth. 

That's so good, she groaned as I grabbed my own hermaphrodite-dick. 

I suckled on her with such force. I bobbed my mouth, nursing on her with everything that I had. My tongue danced around her girl-dick. I swirled my tongue around her. She shuddered as I pumped my hand up and down my shaft.

I brushed the tip. I shuddered and moaned around her girl-cock each time I did. My pussy clenched from the pleasure that shot down my shaft. The heat rippled through me, swelling the pressure in my ovaries.

Mmm, and you're playing with yourself, too, moaned Ziryihm. Good.

I winked at her.

Mmm, yes, yes, just like that, she groaned. Just love my girl-dick. Just suckle on me with that naughty mouth. Ooh, you are making me feel so good. You're going to make me cum. Yes, you are. I love that. Just keep sucking on me.

I did. I loved that hermaphrodite-dick. I stroked my own, my pussy getting hotter and hotter. My hand flew up and down my shaft as I swirled my tongue around her girl-cock. She groaned, her big boobs jiggling over my head.

My cheeks hollowed as I suckled harder and harder. My hand stroked so fast up and down my girl-dick. The pressure swelled at the tip of my cock. That need to erupt. After what Kurtis did to me, I had this burning itch. 

I had to scratch it.

Oh, yes, groaned Ziryihm. You're going to get my hermaphrodite-jizz. Just keep sucking. Matar's big dick, that's good! 

I wanted her cum. I craved for her salty girl-seed. I pumped my hand faster and faster. I whimpered around her clit-dick. Her wings flapped. The glow around her swelled in intensity. Then she gasped out in rapture.

Antagony!

Her hermaphrodite-cum fired into my mouth.

My eyes closed at the salty flavor of her cum. It was just such a delight to have all that cum spurting into my mouth. I loved every moment of it. I shuddered, gulping down all that girl-spunk that flooded out of her mouth.

My hand stroked up my clit-cock as I gulped down her hermaphrodite-seed. I brushed my tip. I groaned around her spurting girl-dick as mine erupted. My pussy spasmed as my jizz spurted from the tip of my shaft.

The dual pleasure shot through me. Rapture and ecstasy washed over my mind. Juices spilled hot down my thighs as I spurted more and more of my hermaphrodite-cum into the campfire. It sizzled and pumped as I gulped down her spunk.

Oh, that's it, Antagony! Ziryihm groaned. That's so good. Just gulp swallow it all down.

I did. I gulped down every last spurt of jizz that fired from her dick. I groaned, my cunt clenching. The pleasure swept through my body. My pussy spilled juices down my thighs. I shuddered at how amazing that felt. I drank her final blast as my girl-cock erupted a final time.

I felt so much better. She was right. Next time, I would defeat Kurtis.  

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Kurtis  Drakin Castle, The Haunted Forest

I wasn't happy about having to return to Drakin Castle. I wanted to get to Shizhuth and meet with the Serpent Oracle. But when Beliala said her mother wanted to speak to us, it wasn't something that I could say no to.

Lord Kurtis is back! Plumdrop called as she buzzed over us. Ooh, ooh, are you here to fuck Mother. She is still glowing from being bred by you.

No, no, I said. Plumdrop was my niece, I guessed. Technically, Queen Tinia was my half-sister. A daughter of Las, like me. Just, uh, have some business. Throwia is coming.

What? gasped Sweetdrop. Her pink wings fluttered. She looked around. Here? I thought we were safe from her.

She just wants to talk to me, I said as my entourage of women followed me in.

I don't blame her for being creeped out, muttered Lasla. I don't want to see Throwia again.

No, my dragon-mother said. This is troubling that she called us back.

Throwia sounds awful, Diane said as she trailed along in the midst of my sisters. 

We'll protect you, Pradu growled. The rakshasa-slave had her tiger head-on. So did Princess Nary, her collar half-hidden by her orange and black fur. 

That's right, Lupiz growled. She and her werewolves were prowling around us. How good would they be in the city?

I looked around the castle then glanced at my dragon-mother. At the manacles binding her wrists. Word was getting out because people that already knew about her were blabbing. Antagony had to have learned about Mother's identity from Ziryihm.

That was infuriating. I thought the deva was someone trustworthy. Not someone that I thought would be an enemy.

Our island was a perfect paradise, but small. Exposed. It wouldn't do for us to retire there. 

We reached the half-ruined throne room. Queen Tinia fluttered down from the balcony to greet us. She had a worried look on her motherly face as she landed on the cracked paving stones. She opened he mouth when a chill washed through the room.

Everyone felt it. Beliala, Incubus, and Succubus all fell to their knees. In the middle of the throne room, a distortion ripped the air. Then Throwia stood there, cruel and haughty in her leather corset and thigh-high boots. Beside her was a dashing and tired fairy. A male with the translucent, dragonfly-like wings. He had scars on his body and looked weak.

Queen Tinia gasped in horror at what Throwia had done to him.

Is this...? I glanced at the queen.

My eldest son, whispered Queen Tinia. Oberoy.

I have been... holding onto him, purred Throwia. Keeping him safe and sound.

I decided not to point out that he didn't look like he had been kept safely. She released his arm. He stared at her like he couldn't believe it. But then he stumbled to his mother. She threw her arms around him, tears spilling down her face.

She peppered his face with her kisses, her butterfly wings fluttering behind her. She rugged against him. I cleared my throat at the sight of the reunion. Mother and son together. Lasla and Pyrriah whipped at their eyes.

So did Diane.

There's no point in me keeping an eye on her son, said Throwia. I just wanted you to see that I can be reasonable.

I can see that, I said, my heart pounding.

She smiled as she advanced on me. Her lips pulled back to flash her teeth. I felt like I faced a hungry predator that wanted to rip me apart. Diane pressed into my back. I felt her trembling as I held my ground.

Now don't be shy, Throwia said, her voice dripping with delight. Let me see you, moon maiden.

It's okay, Kurtis said. She won't hurt you, right?

No, no, said Throwia. After all that effort of having you procure her. Come, come, let me look at you.

Diane stepped out before me, looking terrified. She stood there clad only in her silver hair, her small breasts rising and falling beneath the curtain of her tresses. Her nipples poked through the strands. Throwia moved around her then nodded.

The fates really do have a cruel sense of humor, Throwia purred.

What? Kurtis asked, glancing at Diane.

Diane gave a confused shake of her head. Then she moved behind me. My dragon-mother had a puzzled look on her face while Lasla and Pyrriah were trading glances. 

Now I came here to give you this. She pulled out a platinum diadem adorned with pink diamonds. 

It was gorgeous. Okay, I said slowly. Why do we need it?

It's the Diadem of Slata, Mother said in awe.

It is, Throwia said. This object was crafted by Krab himself to exemplify her regal beauty and fertility. Legend says that any woman who wears it will be blessed to be the Queen of her own destiny. It's the perfect trinket to trade to the Empress of Shizhuth to curry her favor and see the Oracle.

Thank you for this regal gift, I said, hating this. Hating needing her help. I could feel her binding more and more strings about me.

Oh, and one last thing, Throwia said, pulling out a blue conch with a green interior. It was curled up and the size of a small dog. A final gesture of my goodwill. My sweet Vedr made this and insists that you use it only when absolutely necessary. If you should encounter any complications at sea, then blow this and you shall receive her aid.

Thank you, I said again, aching for Throwia to leave. I wanted to be done with her. Every second she stood before me, I felt in danger.

Throwia glanced over at Beliala, Incubus, and Succubus. I have decided that you can keep those three. Beliala, Solomas, and Lilica, if you assist with the Cradle's retrieval, your punished for your failures here will be reduced to a slap on a wrist.

I bet that still would be painful. I didn't want to think what Throwia thought was light, but I imagined it was still pretty bad. My soul shuddered just contemplating how terrible one of Throwia's punishments could be. 

What if she got her hands on my family...?

I was playing such a dangerous game here. If she got her hands on Lasla or Pyrriah, on my mother or... Or my step-mother, my half-sisters, and my daughters that I had left behind in Jyou. I swallowed. My family was in such danger.

There were threats everywhere. We needed something to protect us.

Thank you so much for this gift, Pyrriah said.

Yes, thank you, I said and bowed to her. My sisters did, too. 

Throwia grinned, this wicked look that sent a chill through me. Then she vanished in the same wrinkle of space that she had arrived from. She was gone. All the fairies let out sighs of delight. Queen Tinia's wings fluttered as she held her naked son to her big breasts.

Oh, my Oberoy, you're back where you belong, she cooed. Back with Mommy. I know what you need to relax. Oh, my poor boy has suffered so much. Mmm, just nurse from Mommy like you used to. Drink all of Mommy's cream.

My dick twitched. I thought she was going to have her son breastfeed from her bountiful tits. But instead, she pushed him down to his knees. Then he buried his face into his mother's pussy and started suckling on her pregnant cunt.

Watching my fairy-queen half-sister getting eaten out by her son sent a powerful surge of lust through me. My heart pounded in my chest as my dick hardened beneath my robes. I opened those and let them drop. I looked around. Maybe SuccubusLilica, as her name turned out to be. But, no...

Beliala, suck my dick! I growled to the demon.

Her wings fluttered. She spun around, her cheeks still pale from Throwia's threats. She darted to me and moaned, Yes, Lord Kurtis!

Mmm, that's a good demon, Lasla purred. You please my brother with that slut-mouth of yours. You make him cum like the whore you are. Yes, yes. You're just a slut for him. Please him! Then she turned and snapped. Solomas, get over here and eat my pussy!

Yes, Mistress! the incubus gasped and rushed over to her.

I slid my hands through Beliala's hair, loving the feel of her texture. I brushed the small horns poking through the strands. She worked her mouth up and down my cock as I watched Oberoy feasting on his mother's snatch.

Mother, could you eat me out, Pyrriah moaned.

Just order her to, Lasla moaned. She's our sex slave. Mmm, she loves being ordered.

I do, purred my dragon-mother. And I would love to eat you out, Mistress Pyrriah. My daughter has the best tasting cunt in the world.

She knelt before Pyrriah and buried her face into my twin's red bush. Lasla grinned in satisfaction, gripping the incubus's head as he devoured her pussy. I drank in all the lust that echoed around us. It was such a rush. A wild and naughty moment.

Beliala worked her mouth up and down my dick. She suckled with such force. My balls twitched at the pressure of her mouth. It was an invigorating moment. The demon's hot mouth worked up and down my cock.

Yes, yes, yes, moaned Queen Tinia. Her wings fluttered as her son suckled at her pussy. She humped her hips, grinding her cunt against his mouth. His tongue thrust into her twat. He licked and lapped at her pussy. Oh, my darling son is back! Yes, yes, love Mommy's pussy!

Love it so much, Mommy! he groaned.

She gasped, her back arching and big boobs bouncing.

I could feel how much they loved this. Their lusts burned hot. My nephew ate his mother's bred pussy. He devoured her pregnant pussy with hunger. I loved that so much, my dick throbbing in the demon's mouth.

She hungered for my cum, desiring to obey me. She might like dealing pain, but receiving it wasn't something she wanted. I could feel the desperation to help me. My dick throbbed in her mouth, my nuts tightening from the pressure.

Oh, yes, Mother, groaned Pyrriah. Her hands held the back of our dragon-mother's head. It was so hot watching my sister's round breasts tremble as Mother feasted on her cunt.

Lasla moaned, too, the incubus devouring her pussy. The air was filled with gasps. The fairies were pairing up. Plumdrop and Sweetdrop were eating the other's cunts, the sisters lost to their incest. Oakheart fucked one of his fairy-sisters in the ass. Others were gasping, groaning.

They were all so happy that Oberoy had been returned. Prince Oberoy, I guessed.

The queen's delight swelled with her orgasm. She rose towards that burst of pleasure. She tossed her head from side to side, her wings fluttering. She rose towards her orgasm. She climbed towards it, her face contorting with delight.

My cock throbbed in Beliala's hot mouth. The demon brought me closer and closer to my eruption. My cum would fire into her mouth. I would flood her with all the spunk. Just hose her down with all the jizz that I had in my balls.

Fuck, fuck, fuck, I groaned. Oh, gods, that's it. I'm going to give you what you want, demon.

Flood that cunt's mouth, moaned Lasla. Ooh, you get that tongue in me, Solomas. Yes, yes, feast on my snatch!

My sister tossed her head from side to side. So did Pyrriah. Both of them were rising towards their climaxes. The queen threw back her head, about to burst. Her son suckled on her clit. She whimpered then squealed.

Her incestuous orgasm burst in her.

Cernere's black cunt! she squealed as she gushed her pussy cream. It spilled out of her spasming pussy. Oberoy! My sweet Oberoy has returned to me!

Her son was so ready to drink it. His cock thrust out hard before him as he gulped down her passion. He swallowed every drop of his mother's passion that he could. His hands gripped her ass. He licked her twat with hunger.

The pressure of my balls swelled towards that bursting point. I groaned as I hurtled towards that eruption. I couldn't stop myself from spurting all my jizz into her mouth. She nursed hard on me. My cock throbbed.

I cursed and erupted.

My cum fired into her mouth. I spurted blast after blast of jizz, the pleasure shooting through me. Stars burst across my vision. I trembled with this moment. It was incredible to have all that cum spurting into her mouth.

Las's big dick! I moaned as Beliala swallowed my jizz.

The demon drank down all that spunk. It was just so hot. My balls emptied them into her mouth as I savored that delight. It was so wild. I groaned at the feel of all that spunk surging out of me. It was such a hot rush. My face contorted with delight. 

Lasla squealed out her orgasm. Pyrriah joined her a moment later as I pumped all that cum down Beliala's throat. She swallowed it all, her wings fluttering. I trembled as I hit that peak. I had emptied my nuts into her.

Gods damn, I groaned. 

You have to be bake in your mommy, my darling Oberoy! Queen Tinia groaned. 

I do, Mommy! Oberoy groaned.

She flicked her hand. Glittering dust burst from her then a pink and fluffy mattress appeared. She fell back on it and spread her legs wide. She had a hairless pussy just waiting for her son to ram into her pussy. She craved him.

He clawed over her, his dragonfly wings flicking. He lowered himself to her and kissed her with lips covered in her pussy cream. They melted together, his cock pressing into her pussy. I felt her anticipation swell in her. In them both.

He slammed into his mother's pussy.

She moaned as his cock buried to the hilt in her. I groaned, my dick so hard now in Beliala's mouth. I glanced down at the demon. Turn around. Face down, ass up. I want to fuck you hard!

She slid her mouth off my cock and turned around. She pressed her cheek against the paving stone and thrust her ass up at me. She was such a sexy thing. Fuck me, Lord Kurtis!

Fuck her so hard, moaned Lasla as she straddled the incubus and impaled her cunt down his cock.

Fuck me, Mother! Pyrriah moaned, kneeling on her hands and knees as our mother's clit-cock grew.

I pressed my cock into Beliala's butt-crack. I found her asshole as Oberoy pumped away at his mother. He fucked her hard and fast. He buried his cock into her again and again. He thrust with such passion into her twat. He hammered her with such incestuous passion.

I thrust against Beliala's asshole. The demon moaned as her anal ring widened and widened. Her wings fluttered. Then she gasped as I rammed past her sphincter and fucked into her bowels. I sank into her velvety depths and loved it.

Yes, she gasped. Throwia's painful lash! Yes, yes, that's so good! Fuck my ass, Lord Kurtis!

I gripped her big boobs swaying beneath her. I kneaded them as I sank to the hilt in her bowels. I drew back my cock the moment I did. Her anal sheath gripped me, the hot flesh massaging the tip of my dick. I loved it.

I pumped away at her as Queen Tinia writhed beneath Prince Oberoy. The fairy moaned as her son fucked her pussy hard. He buried his cock over and over into her pussy. I loved the sounds they made. It was so exciting.

My cock plowed to the hilt in that tight asshole again and again. I fucked into her hard. She loved how I pumped away at her. I felt the demon's lust rippling through her. She received such pleasure from it. She gasped and moaned as I fucked into her cunt.

Yes, yes, yes, she gasped. Lord Kurtis! Oh, Throwia's painful lash, that's good. Fuck my asshole!

Fuck her, Lasla moaned as she rode Solomas's dick. My sister grinned at me. Fuck that demon's asshole until she squeals like a slut!

I winked at my sister.

My darling Oberoy! Queen Tinia gasped as she writhed beneath her son.

The air resounded with all the moans and gasps. It was just such a delight to hear. I loved them as I plowed into my demon's asshole. She massaged me with that tight anal sheath. She held me with that passionate and velvety grip.

The pressure in my nuts swelled with my every thrust into her bowels. I grunted, my balls smacking her taint. They brimmed with all the cum that I would fire into her. I would flood her bowels with all my spunk.

Oh, that's so good, Lord Kurtis, the demon moaned. Your dick is amazing. Gives me such pleasure.

Best dick in the world, gasped Lasla. Las's big cock, yes!

Uh-huh, whimpered Pyrriah as our hermaphrodite-mother fucked her hard.

I grinned, slamming my cock into my demon-slave's asshole. Beliala squeezed her cunt around me. She held me tight. The pressure swelled in my nuts. I rose towards that eruption. I would have such a mighty burst of cum.

Just flood her with every drop of spunk that I had. It would be incredible. I loved it. I savored this delight. It was fantastic to plow into her. Her orgasm swelled in her. I slid my fingers down her big boobs to give her a delight.

I twisted her nipples.

Her asshole clamped down hard on my dick. I thrust into her with such force. I plowed to the hilt in her anal sheath. It was an incredible passion. I loved every moment of her grip. My nuts tightened as she hurtled towards her orgasm.

And she wasn't the only one. Queen Tinia gasped out, My darling Oberoy!

The fairy-queen's pregnant cunt went wild around her son's cock. She bucked beneath him as he fucked away at her. He grunted as he plowed to the hilt in his mother. He gasped as he erupted into her snatch.

Mommy! he gasped.

They kissed as they writhed together in incestuous love. 

Lord Kurtis! gasped the demon. Gods damn, yes! 

Her asshole went wild around my cock. 

I groaned as I fucked at her spasming bowels. I savored her flesh rippling and writhing around my dick. She nursed at me with such passion. I loved how she suckled at me. It was an incredible rush to have her suckling at me. Her asshole hungered for my spunk.

I buried to the hilt in her and erupted.

My cum fired into her bowels. I groaned, throwing back my head. As Queen Tinia and her son writhed together, I spurted my jizz into my demon's asshole. She groaned, her anal sheath rippling around my spurting dick.

She suckled at me. Nursed with such passion on me. I loved every moment of her suckling around me. It was incredible. Just such a treat to have her nursing at me. It was a thrill. A wild moment. I groaned with each blast.

Oh, Mother! gasped Pyrriah, her orgasm burning through her. Flood my pussy, Mother!

Yes, Mistress Pyrriah! she gasped and buried her clit-cock into my twin sister's cunt.

Solomas! squealed Lasla. My other sister bucked through her pleasure, her round tits jiggling. She tossed her head, her face contorting with the delight of this moment. It was such a hot thing to witness. 

I grinned, savoring all this pleasure surging through me. I emptied my nuts into Beliala's asshole. The demon wrung me dry. I groaned, hitting that peak of pleasure. I felt so amazing. I buzzed with all the rapture of this moment.

I ripped my cock out of her asshole and smiled at Prince Oberoy kissing his mother. They were reunited. That was something, at least. They were reunited here in this castle. One of the most remote spots in the world. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Pyrriah

That night after Throwia left, I found my brother walking the ruined battlements. He had been in a strange mood. While everyone else had been celebrating the return of Prince Oberoy, he had disappeared in the middle of the fun.

That wasn't like him.

And now here he was walking past the ruined merlons, some still sticking up, others half-reduced to rubble. Like the broken teeth of a giant. He ran a hand along one while staring out at the Haunted Forest beyond.

You're in a fey mood, Kurtis, I said as I gained the top of the wall. The wind rustled over me, my red hair washing to the side. I was naked, the night air cool on my nipples. 

I suppose, he said as he stared out at the darkness.

What are you thinking? I asked, arching my eyebrow at him.

That an island is just too small, he said without glancing back at me.

What does that mean? I asked as I came up beside him. Do you mean our island? Jyou?

It's too exposed, he said. Too easy to surround. To reach. But here... A castle in a monster-infested woods.

My eyebrow raised. Monsters that are surrounding this castle. It's just as much an island.

Ah, but these are monsters that can be controlled by lust. Look what our dear sister did to that panthopus. And what I have done to the werewolves. He swept out his gaze. And that is thick woods. It wasn't easy for our small bound to travel through it. It won't be easy for any large force.

You want to make this our home? I tried not to be doubtful of him. You're worried about that amazon who attacked us. What it means.

Mother's secret is out, Kurtis said. Not because of us directly, but because Ziryihm has betrayed her to the amazon. And who knows who else. She wants to stick Mother back on the island, but that's not safe for any of us. But her... With the help of Queen Tinia's people and Lupiz's pack, we could build something here. Something grand. A kingdom. A kingdom of lust.

I shivered at that idea, my heart pounding in my chest. That was such an ambitious idea. But if anyone could pull it off, it was my brother. I leaned on out between the two merlons. I poked through the crenelation to stare out at the woods, my round breasts jiggling.

My brother moved behind me. He slid his hands over my skin. I shuddered at the feel of his hot touch on me. I shuddered at him. I licked my lips as he stroked up and down me. It was quite the delight. I loved having him touch me like that. I savored his hands on me.

His cock nudged the back of my thighs, smearing precum on my flesh. His hands slid up to cup my breasts. He squeezed them. Kneaded them. I shuddered at the feel of him doing that. I licked my lips, my heart pounding.

Imagine bringing our daughter here, he said. To live with her sisters. To bring our step-mother. Our elder half-sisters. To live here with our dragon-mother in peace. I leaned in. Maybe even to successfully breed another dragon. A dragon-daughter of mine with the Cradle of Life.

Mother doesn't want her race restored, I groaned.

We'll have to show her differently. Prove to her that dragon-daughters raised right can be amazing. He licked my ear. You know it'll be amazing.

Kurtis, I whimpered as he shifted his hips and brought his cock to my dripping bush. He pushed through my curls to reach the lips of my pussy. I... I don't know.

You know, he said, squeezing my breasts. You want it, don't you. To build that kingdom, don't you?

Yes, I moaned. 

He thrust into my cunt. I gasped as he buried his cock to the hilt in my snatch. I quivered there, my pussy clamping down on hard on his cock. Then he drew back. The friction swept through me. He thrust into my cunt with such force. He buried hard into me.

His balls slapped into my bush as he pumped away at me. He kneaded my tits as I stared out at his kingdom. The Haunted Forest. Drakin Castle. I shuddered as he buried his cock over and over into my cunt. He fucked me with such force.

I loved him burying to the hilt in my twat over and over again. He churned me up with his mighty dick. I loved every moment of it. Every last heartbeat of his thick dick pounding my snatch. He churned me up.

His fingers found my nipples. He twisted them as he drove his dick hard into my cunt. I loved that. I squeezed my pussy around his dick. I savored every moment of that big cock pounding me. My red hair flickered with my phoenix fire.

Gewin's mighty cock! I moaned, crying out to my spiritual father. I had two. Las and Gewin. I was unique. I also had two mothers. It was so strange. I was united with Kurtis, though.

I was his twin sister in this life. I treasured that as he fucked into me hard and fast. He buried over and over into my snatch. My pussy clenched about him. I shuddered, savoring the way he buried into my pussy. How he fucked me with such force.

Yes, yes, yes, he grunted. That's it. Squeeze that pussy around me, Pyrriah! Las's big dick!

Gods, I love your cock fucking me, Kurtis! I moaned, reveling in the incestuous rush of his big dick pounding me. He fucked into me again and again. He buried that hard cock into my pussy over and over again. It was incredible. Oh, I love that so much. Yes, yes, yes!

He fucked me. He buried into my cunt. He plowed into my snatch with everything that he had. He churned me up. I loved that so much. My body quivered with delight as he fucked into me. He thrust to the hilt in my snatch.

It was fantastic. Amazing. I loved that dick fucking me. He pounded me with such force. I loved how his cock buried into me. My red hair flickered with more and more light. I whimpered, my brother twisting my nipples.

Let your passion resound over my kingdom, Pyrriah, my twin brother groaned, drilling his cock hard into my pussy. Sing it out!

Yes, I moaned, my orgasm hurtling closer and closer. I trembled as he pounded my pussy with such hard strokes. He buried to the hilt in me. My cunt clamped down on him. I loved how his big dick filled me up. Oh, yes, yes, Kurtis!

My red hair burst with light as my orgasm exploded through me.

My cunt writhed around his cock. I suckled at him as he buried that big dick into my pussy. He fucked into me with such force. I loved that so much. It was fantastic to spasm around him. Rapture burned through my body.

Gewin's mighty cock! I squealed. I'll be one of your sister-queens!

Yes! growled Kurtis as he buried into me. Gods damn, you will be!

His cock erupted.

His cum spurted into my pussy. 

I shuddered at the rush of his cum pumping into my cunt. I quivered, my snatch rippling and writhing around his dick. I trembled, my body drinking in all that pleasure. It was just so incredible to have his cum dumping into my pussy. 

Oh, Gods, yes! I cried out, loving every moment of his jizz flooding my snatch. It was such a thrill to have all that spunk pumping into me.

He filled me up with all that jizz. I loved that so much. It was a thrill to have all his cum in me. I milked him. I worked out all that cum. It was just such a hot delight to have my brother fill me with all his spunk that he had in him.

I drained him as my orgasm reached that peak. I shuddered there, my hair flicking with my inner fire. It was such a rush. I shuddered, a big smile spreading on my lips. This was an amazing and wondrous moment. 

My brother hugged me as I drained his cock dry. 

Our kingdom, huh? I asked, panting. He nibbled at my neck. Mmm, okay, I think it's a great idea, Kurtis. We can make it work. I know we can.

That's right, he said. I have my sisters at my side. There's nothing that I can't succeed at, is there?

I squeezed my pussy down on his cock. Nothing. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Kurtis

The next morning, I faced Lupiz and her werewolves. They were all staring at me with such eager lust in their eyes. My cum dripped out of their pussies, and they still wanted more. But we had to get going. I had to get to Shizhuth.

One more fuck before we leave, Lord Kurtis? Lupiz said.

No, I said. And you and your women won't be coming with me.

What? Anger flashed in her golden eyes. I am yours. You claimed my pack. You bred us all. We are all carrying your bitches!

I know, I said. I grinned at her and cupped her face. You think I don't want to fuck all my daughters when they're old enough. That I don't want to breed them like I breed you. That I don't want to increase the size of your pack by knocking you all up again.

But you're going, she said.

And leaving you to guard my new home, I said. I have an important task, but this... I looked around. This is where my family is going to live. This is where I need you to guard and protect so that it'll be here when I come back. I have more family than is even with me. The fairies will rebuild while you keep them safe.

Lupiz stared into my eyes. No lies. No tricks, Lord Kurtis. You are coming back to us.

How could I not come back to my own pack of werewolves. Trust me. I want to breed every daughter I have. I grinned at her. So I'll be back. Maybe it'll be a year or two, but I will be back. This is my castle.

Fine, fine, Lupiz said, her eyes burning with passion. You better come back. I want to feel your dick in me again. I will give birth to strong and fierce daughters with your seed.

Yes, you will, I said.

What is this about the castle being yours? Queen Tinia asked, flying down from above. Her son, Oberoy followed.

I smiled at her as she landed by me. Her wings folded behind her back and her arms beneath her large breasts. I smiled at the sight of her standing there. Behind her, Prince Oberoy landed. He watched me with studious eyes.

Our family needs a place to live in peace, I said. Someplace safe. I'm going to make sure that it's safe for them.

Our family? she asked, arching an eyebrow at me. You want this place safe for our family. Why, because we're both children of Las.

I put my hand on her belly. Because you have my daughter growing in your belly. So does Plumdrop, Sweetdrop, and a half-dozen of your other fairy daughters. This is perfect. It's remote. With your magic and the werewolves' protection, this can be a haven. A place safe from the outside. I leaned in. You know what my mother is.

She nodded, her eyes hot. And you expect me to serve you? I'm a queen.

Doesn't a queen need a king? I asked. And doesn't a king need a harem of queens? I already have two sisters for wives. I could have a third.

She arched her eyebrow at me. You are serious. You want me to be your wife. To make you my king and let you rule over my people.

I cupped her face and stroked her cheekbone. Yes. And you want it, too. I can see it in your eyes. You know you can never have our father, but I'm just as good a lover as him, aren't I? You're never going to find better. Not even your son makes you as wet as I do.

She quivered and glanced at her son. I... That's true. You are... amazing.

Fall to your knees, your majesty, suck my cock, and make me your king, I said, my sisters and dragon-mother watching. So was Oberoy and the other fairies. My sphinx and rakshasas, the moon maiden, the incubus and succubus, and the demon. They all watched as Queen Tinia glanced down at my cock. Let's unite, Queen Tinia.

She shuddered and dropped to her knees. I accept. You shall be my king and consort. Your sisters shall be your other queens. This is your castle, and I shall be a steward of it until you return from your journey to... aid Throwia.

I winked at her.

She engulfed my dick. She suckled on me with that hungry mouth of hers. I groaned as she bobbed her head. She worked her mouth up and down my cock. She suckled on me with such passion. I loved that warm mouth nursing on me.

My nuts tightened from her warm mouth. This wouldn't be a long blowjob. I had to get going. The sun was rising. I shuddered, though, loving the queen's mouth. My newest wife bobbed her head with hunger. She wanted my cum.

That's it, I groaned. Las's big dick, that's it.

My sisters, especially Lasla, watched on with hot eyes. Oberoy witnessed his mother fawning over my cock with such obvious delight. A slut worshiping her king's big dick. I groaned at the feel of her hot mouth sucking at my cock.

She bobbed her head, her lips sliding up and down my dick. She suckled with such passion on my cock. She nursed on me with all the might she possessed. Her cheeks hollowed as the pressure in my nuts swelled towards that bursting point.

Gods damn, Queen Tinia, I groaned. That's it. Worship my dick! 

She did. With such force. She suckled on me with all her might. Her wings fluttered as her head bobbed. I groaned, my nuts tightening with the force of her suction. Lasla licked her lips, her eyes bright with her lust.

I swallowed towards bursting. The queen's tongue danced around my crown. The incestuous rush of my half-sister nursing on my cock was intense. I loved being blown by a sister. It was an amazing pleasure. 

Gods damn, I groaned. You're going to get my cum.

She moaned, eager for that jizz spurting into her mouth.

Her wings fluttered as she suckled with all her might. The pressure grew at the tip of my cock. I loved that delight. Her warmth surged down my shaft to my aching nuts. The cum brimmed in them, ready to flood her mouth.

Las's big dick! I groaned and came. 

My jizz fired into her mouth. Her wings fluttered as she gulped down my jizz. My fairy queen moaned around my cock. I dumped my cum into my half-sister's mouth. She swallowed down my jizz. She gulped it down with hunger.

I groaned, savoring her worshiping me by swallowing my jizz before everyone. She submitted to me. I groaned as I hit that peak of my pleasure. I shuddered there, my heart pounding as she gulped down the last drops of my cum.

Thank you, my queen, I said to my third wife. We'll be leaving soon. It might be a year or more before we return. I can't say, but I will return.

Just as Queen Tinia slid her mouth off my cock, Oberoy said, And I will go with you.

What? gasped Queen Tinia. No! Absolutely not!

To be continued...
