Before we start I need to cover a few things.
1st If you are under the age of 18 STOP this story is not for you. Please go ells ware.
2nd If you are offended by graphic descriptions of sex acts, STOP Please go ells ware.
3rd If you are bothered by incest stories, STOP Please go ells ware.
4th If you like Death, Water sports, Ped, snuff, scat, Heavy Violence or other such stuff   
     then go read something ells I don't write that shit.

This is a work of pure fiction/Fantasy and is in no way meant to resemble reality. If you find that any part of this story fits your life. Please seek professional Help.

Please note that this story is set in JR PIRZ's Master PC Universe


Contains: MC, MD, MF, FF, IN, 

Category: Humorous erotic fiction



HOW MASTER PC FUCKED UP MY LIFE
By: needmofur


Tom was a typical nerd. Not much to look at, played role playing games regularly and even spoke klingon. He lived in his parent's basement wear he built his own computers and wrote his own games for his friends, (Geeks flock to gather you know.) Tom was a shorter then normal thirty something red head with great expirations for his life, but no drive. Fate how ever had smiled on him a bit for he did have a girl friend that was not a complete cow. She was the only person who could get him to step away from his computer for longer that a signal episode of star trek. By the way her name was Bambi, go figure.

Tom did have a fairly good job thou. He was a computer tech at a local big box mart. (Yes just like the song on that political satire site.) Wear he fixed all those cheep P.O.S. the store soled. His girl friend how ever was not as lucky as he was. (In his own head that is.) See, she worked at a boring job in the banking busses wear she only sat around and counted other peoples money. (The fact she made more than Tom by over $40,000 was not a factor) Yes Tom was a mantel dynamo if it weren't for the fact his was also a complete idiot as well. Just wait, you'll see soon enough.

One day at work, Tom was doing the usual scanning for virus, formatting drives, defragging, and looking for software he could copy for him self when an old woman brought in a ancient computer from why back four or more years ago. He did the usual work then Found deep on one of the drives, a password protected archive file named "MASTER PC". So like so many other "honest" people, he made him self a copy.

Latter that night Tom used his pirated password hacking software and decompressed the program. Then installed it onto his computer. After several hours the installation was Complete and he ran the "Master PC.exe" for the first time.

"Welcome to the Master PC. With this program any wish you have could come true. You can bend reality to fit your dream Just enter you name to begin." 

Tom stared at the screen. "This had to be too good to be true." He thought to him self. Then Open up a second window and did some internet surfing to see what he could find out about the master pc before he made a mistake. He read lots of stories about the program but no one ever wrote a manual for it.

As he read story after story he came to the conclusion that most all the stories wear all made up. Especially the one ware a gut cloned his self then turned his clone into a girl and fucked him self silly. He keep a copy of that story just for laughs.

Closing the second window he entered his name, "TOM" into the designated space. W warring please read before you go any farther page fallowed. He quickly moved on with out reading it. The tom got to the main page. In the center was a digital pedestal and surrounding it were deferent micros so you could alter appearances, mental states, emotional controls, and others.

"Please enter the name of your target you wish to alter." Master PC line

"Ok let's try it out on my self first to see if it really works." Tom thought to him self.

Typing his name in again his image appeared on the pedestal. He was amazed at how accurately it had portrayed him, right down to his under endowed manhood. He started by first looking up his health stats, then setting them to near perfect conduction. Then he cleared up his acne. Then the most important change of them all. He made his manhood twelve inches long and as fat as a silver dollars. Checking him self out he was pleased.

Then he wanted to try it on some one ells, so he entered a new name, "FRAN" into the program. Fran by the way is Tom's mother. (Sick little basted ant's he.") And taking his time he corrected all of her elements. Then, feeling a little randy and knowing his farther would be away till Friday, had her walk to his basement room when called and upon seeing him would fall madly in love with him and want to do any thing he desired. And I mean any thing.

When he had cleaned his room up enough that a person could actually find a place to sit. Went to the base of the stairs and called,

"MOM could you come here a moment please." Tom yelled up the stairs

He heard her grumble at having to leave he favorite adult drama the he went a sat back down at his deck. A minuet later he heard he opened the basement door and walked down

"Ok what is it?" She started in a ho-hum tone then when se saw him at his desk, she nearly fainted with emotions as the program kicked it.

"Whoo take it easy mom. Why don't you have a seat over here?" Tom asked

"Oh yes dear any thing for you." She said with the most disturbing look of love in her eyes.

Tom's mother was not one to look at by no means. But Tom was about to fix that.

"Could you please do me a favor please?" Tom asked

"Any thing my love." She replied

"First off my name is Tm T.O.M. not love, second I was wondering if you could pose naked for me so I can..." Tom was cut short as his mother immediately and as quick as humanly possible got undressed and stood naked in front of him. He stared at her for almost a secant when he had to turn away.

"Gross mom, that brillo pad look went out of style back in the dark ages. Here go clean it up then return." He said as he handed her a disposable razor from his stuff. (I couldn't tell were he got the razor from because his room was a real shit hole. I am surprised it was even clean let alone new.) As his mother went in to his bathroom to shave, Tom made a few more adjustments to her.

First he made her appear younger by a good fifteen years putting her back into her forty's. Then set her weight from 260lbs to a Poteet 105lbs. also smoothed up her skin. Then made her saggy tittys a firm and self supporting C cup, a reduction from her Saggy double D's. And last but not lease, he set a control on her arousal and her ability to climax so he alone could maker climax when and how hard by command.

She soon returned to him and stud their whiting for his next command. Then he hit the enter key and enjoyed the show as his own mother transformed right in front of him. His newly remodeled manhood was pressing painfully into his jeans so he gave her a command.

"Ok I want you to take some of the pressure off my lap if you could."

When he finished her smile brightened and she got on to her knees and spreading his legs apart so she could get in to his lap better, Began to unbitten and unzip his pants. She pulled his pants and boxers off at the same time and nearly gagged at the size of her own son. 

"MY GOD if your father was that big we wonder need to ..." she bit off the last bet hoping she had not said too much. Luckily for her Tom's mind was ells wear. 

"It's still hearts a little could you kiss it and make it feel better please."

"Ok" then she kissed the head of his shaft then swallowed nearly half of it's size in one gulp. He was in haven as she kept on sucking and licking his meat trying every time to swallow it all. Just to please him. She kept it up, (No pun intended) for30 minuets till thy hear Toms girl friend calling if any ones home up stairs.

"Hello is any one home?" Bambi called. (See what I mean.)

Tom called back "Wee are down here Bambi." He called back as he set up the program to maker her his ideal bimbo. When she came down the stairs she screamed at the site of Tom, Her Casual Friend, in her mind, getting a blow job from his own mother.

Tom hit enter.

Bambi stiffened as the program took effect and she began to change. First her tits grew to a good C cup, then her ass got rounder, ect. She became his dream slut.

"Why don't you help mom out Bambi. She could use some guidance." Tom Commanded

Bambi did as tolled with glee. But not a Tom Ham mint, (you have to be clear about what you want when giving commands.)

Bambi walked up to Toms moms back then dropped to the floor, turned on to her back, slid her head between Tom's mothers legs and eat hardily from her hairless pussy.

Tom was flabbergasted at the site but let Bambi do as she pleased.

Later Tom had Bambi (Ha Ha) Sit in is lap as he pressed all 12 inches of his meat in to her. With a little tweaking from the "Master PC" he was able to fit all the way in. Bambi Was overcome with emotions as he filled her more then any one ever had. And hi own mother would lick them both clean as she could as thy road each other.

He gave his mother the command to cum as herded then she ever has in the past, then Bambi and he fucked as thy watched his mother writhing on the floor in an orgasmic ecstasy. Then he had Bambi have the same climax while he emptied him self into her soaking womb.

Thy kept this up all week till his father got home. Of course Tom had to make some changes to him as well. But he was nice and let him have his wife back and made her his father's sex slave for life and his father was happy.

Tom and Bambi kept it a two some for a wile till Toms sister showed up for a week long vacation from collage and two soon became three once more. Tom's sister made the perfect house pet wile tom and Bambi wear at work. 

Once He came home for lunch to find his mother on his father's recliner with a leg over each armrest and his sister munching away. So he joined in. Behind his sister that is. But she did not mind as long as he made her come like he always did. And he did not disappoint either one of them.
That weekend the whole family went to the beach. Tom, his mother, his father, his sister, and Bambi his porn star sex toy. As thy set up their beach camp, the usual towels umbrella, ice chest with liquor disguised as soda. And a radio to lesion to some beach music.

Tom Commanded a back rub from his sister and she complied. (As if she could do other wise.) And took off her top and rubbed suntan oil onto toms back with them. 

A little later some vary large men happened buy and made passes at Toms bitches and tom was not going to let them get a way with it. After all he had the "Master PC" to back him up. So, like a hero to the rescue he confronted the ruffians.

"UNHAND my women you over weight pecker heads!"

(This is wear the voice calls out "LET THE ASS WHIPING BEGAIN.")

I know it would only take one to kick his ass, because Tom forgot to make him self stronger, He only cured his element and made him self a sexual dynamo with a foot long, but that wound win any battles out side the sexual Olympics. And pounding nerds is one of their favorite pastimes of most jocks. But he told him self that it would change as soon as he got home. But for now he just lied their and bleed.

He watched as his sisters take three guys one for each hole, Mouth, pussy, ass.

His Mother had one in the mouth, one in the pussy and one in the ass

His father just sat drinking a vodka laced lemon-lime soda and enjoying the saddle company of rose palm.

And his girl friend Bambi, the one he made into his own personal porn star sex slave, Well she took a big one in the ass, two in her pussy, two in her mouth and one in each hand, all at the same tome. It was quite the show and Tom was not having fun.

Late the next morning Tom woke up in his bet with a grinning Bambi next to him and limped out of bed and over to his computer. After he had booted it up and started the master PC program he set to fix hi mistakes.

First I need to change the control parameters he thought as he cleared all the commands that made his mother, father, sister and Bambi obey him, "Thy will rule the day thy met me." He chuckled as he put off the rewriting on the control tags. And set out to increase his muscle size.

He entered his mane and navigated to the body macros. He played with the growth macro till his image made the incredible Hulk look like a skinny nerd. The he hit enter. In a flash he was so muscle bound that he could not even move his head or even a finger.

"OH SHIT!" Tom exclaimed not seeing Bambi get out of bed gathering her clothes and giving him the finger as she left. *See she was no longer under his control but still had the mind of a great porn star.

"DAMN I forgot to set the time delay." So with some great effort managed to get a stick into his mouth and when he started to type hunt and peck style the screen turned blue 

"HARD DRIVE READ FALURE YOUR SYSTEM WILL NOW RESTART."

But it never did, and later he found out from his sister that his hard drive had fractured and all data was lost. But she felt sorry for him and got him a new and bigger hard drive before she went back to school, she even helped him get is computer running and all she took in payment was his favorite flash drive witch she reformatted and recovered her favorite song on.

Tom was in tears when an email address to him and from MASTER PC co. it read

"Sorry to hear about your troubles but it you had read the warring you would have known to bake several backup copies but you failed to do so and it falls to me to tell you....
YOUR FUCK.

Best wishes 
MPC Trouble shouters."


Well that's the story and I can tell you READ THE WARRING on all your software or you will end up sitting in your parents basement mussel bound with a 12 inch dick like me.


"KAPLA"


