My Liam. The words haunted Angel, had ever since five minutes after Spike ran from his room, and two weeks later, they were still the last thing he heard at night and the first thing he wanted to hear in the morning. He still remembered Will's husky voice as he murmured them just before he fell asleep, could sometimes almost feel the other man's head tucked under his chin like it had been that night.

The memory of that night refused to leave him alone. It hunted him by day and stalked him by night, dogged his heels through the halls of Wolfram & Hart as he attempted to go about his daily business, and lurked in wait for him in the corners of his lonely apartment. Every time he closed his eyes, he heard Spike's low moans and hoarse pleas again, felt the sweep of hands as they urged him onward, and saw the desperate need in those wide blue eyes. Every morning he woke up in his empty bed, where the linens were still crisp and untainted by either cigarette smoke or alcohol or sex, and every morning he felt the wrenching pain of that first morning all over again.

For one beautiful, bittersweet night, he'd been fully human, and he couldn't seem to forget it. Even when he'd been changed by the blood of the Mohra demon, he'd always remembered being a vampire, always been aware of the precious gift of humanity, but with Spike, he'd just been a man. There were no lingering memories of blood and darkness and death and a century spent wallowing in the muck of his own making, no gnawing sense of guilt over the lives he'd ruined and the hearts he'd broken, no obligation to spend the night with his mythical star-crossed love. He'd been a man like thousands of others, ordinary to the extreme but for the things that only Spike had seen- the things only Spike ever saw, really, although he'd never been able to figure out exactly what those were.

Spike hadn't come anywhere near the office for the last two weeks, and that was just as well. He hadn't been dusted- the frequent charges on the company credit cards proved that, so Angel really wasn't inclined to check on him beyond that. Besides, from the looks of it, Spike wasn't dealing with what had happened much better than he was, considering that just about every liquor store in LA had been listed on the last invoice. Hopefully he'd drink himself stupid for a few more weeks, at least. Angel knew it would take that long for him to even start to be able to look at the blond again without wanting to rip his head off. Every time he thought about what had happened, what Spike had done to him, he found himself caught between murderous rage and an almost inconsolable grief.

He hated Spike, hated him with a malevolent fury that burned in every fiber of his being, and he wasn't sure if it was because of the spell he'd cast on them, or because that spell hadn't lasted. Like a shimmering soap bubble, the dream world they'd inhabited had popped, and the reality was all the more bitter for having had a taste of what might have been. A single instant in the shower had taken him from happy rumination on the man he'd brought home to the violent realization that it had all been a lie. It had been the worst kind of shock, like a slap in the face that immediately stole every last bit of joy and warmth from his life, and he'd known exactly who was to blame.

Why had he done it? That was the one thing Angel couldn't understand, the single factor that kept slipping through his fingers no matter how often he turned it over and over in his mind. Had Spike despised him that much, that he thought to offer him a taste of heaven, a vision of something rare and beautiful and special, only to snatch it away in the next instant? Or was he simply so arrogant that he'd decided to use Angel as his puppet, make him dance to whatever tune the selfish brat wanted? He'd almost like to think those things, as they fit so neatly with his perception of his childe, and so he did his best to ignore the faint whispers of his soul that kept him awake long after he'd gone to bed.

Maybe, just maybe, Spike been that desperate to hold on to what he believed they could have together? That was the one thing Angel couldn't stand to look at, because then he had to look back beyond the spell, to the night that he'd finally said it was over. He'd have to remember the drawn look on Spike's face, the pain in his eyes, the wild plea in his voice, and remember his response to them. And that was what he was secretly most afraid of, that somehow he had driven Spike to that point, that all of this suffering was his own fault, and there was none to blame but himself.

Eventually the night came that he couldn't ignore those thoughts any longer. He tossed and turned, but sleep eluded him, and as the hours wore on, he found himself reaching for the pad and pencil he kept in the drawer of his nightstand. The familiar curl of his fingers around the charcoal and soft scratch of the tip on the paper soothed the worst of the restless aches, and he let the rhythm and lines draw him out of his thoughts until he was almost peaceful. At least, until he put the pencil aside and stared at the images he'd created: Spike, writhing on the sheets like a cat in heat, stretched out open and naked and aching for him, licking his lips after he'd drunk him down like fine wine, crying out in pleasure as his climax gripped him, looking up at him with slumbrous eyes that spoke of how very sated he was. Spike, Spike, Spike. Always Spike, until Angel's head was full of him and his heart felt like it had been shattered into a thousand useless pieces.

My Liam. Was it really possible that the fey creature who'd fallen asleep nestled in his arms had been his obnoxious brat of an unwanted childe? There had been such contentment in those words, as if he'd known exactly where he belonged, and all he had to do was whisper the words to claim it. The prickly, defensiveness of Spike had vanished, taking with it all of Angel's aggravation, and there had just been Will and his Liam, two lovers lying exhausted and entwined in the wreckage they'd made of the sheets.

It had been the best night of his life. He hated Spike for giving it to him and then snatching it away. And he hated himself even more for wishing he could have it all back again.