Reform School Experiments

By

NyteMyst

The punishment section, known amongst the young female inmates as
'the hole', was located in a separate building from the main
population, and accessible through a long, dimly lit subterranean
tunnel. It was widely rumored amongst the girls at the State
Reform School that the section contained a secret set of chambers
in the basement wherein specially selected inmates were subjected
to strange medical experiments, but in the main, these stories
were giggled at as being nothing but entertaining nonsense. Since
nobody had ever returned from the section with actual
confirmation of the rumors, it couldn't be known whether the
persistent rumors were actually firmly grounded in reality or
not.

As Lucy Denver was being escorted down the tunnel toward the
unit, she felt a rising anxiety in the pit of her stomach. Lucy
was no stranger to reform institutions, having been involved with
several minor scrapes with the law over the past two years, but
until now her stays had been short and had not resulted in any
special disciplinary action of consequence. The evening before,
however, after having already received a warning for giving back
talk to a matron, she and another girl had been discovered in an
intimate embrace after lights-out and she was removed from the
dormitory without further ado. The floor supervisor had ordered
that she be kept in the quiet room for the remainder of the night
and the next morning she was peremptorily dispatched to the
dreaded 'hole'.

Having only just reached her fourteenth birthday, the pretty
little teenager was younger than most of the inmates and she been
frightened by the awful tales she had heard about what went on in
the unit. She tried to speak to the taciturn guard escorting her
for some sort of reassurance but the woman had merely grunted at
her to be quiet and kept on walking. This only served to make
matters only worse and Lucy, her long ash-blonde hair almost
hiding the worried frown on her delicate features, summoned every
ounce of will to prevent herself from crying.

At the end of the tunnel, the guard ushered Lucy through a set of
double swinging doors and she found herself in a large
high-ceilinged rotunda from which a number of corridors radiated
off in different directions. From the distance, a low murmur of
voices filled the air and the general undercurrent was punctuated
by the occasional muffled shout of anger and frustration. Hearing
this only added to Lucy's trepidation and she shivered as she was
led to a desk at the far side of the rotunda behind which stood
an imposing woman in a long white coat.

"Lucy Denver," announced the guard as she handed the woman a
clipboard containing several documents.

The woman, although she wouldn't be identified to Lucy until
later, was Ilsa Kraft, the head warden of the special unit. She
was fortyish, still attractive in a sternly athletic sort of way,
and she had a thickly luxuriant mane of jet-black hair. She
perused the documents on the clipboard in silence for several
minutes and then, as she read through the report of the
infraction consigning Lucy to the unit, her eyes rose to the
young girl's with, it seemed to Lucy, a curious flicker of
interest.

"I see we have a little difficulty controlling our passions," the
woman said, the barest trace of a smile briefly lighting her
handsome features. Lucy felt her face suddenly flush and she
dropped her eyes to the floor in some embarrassment. In point of
fact, the incident that had got her into trouble had been an
innocent act of friendship rather than anything sexual and,
though Lucy had formed a very strong attachment to the other girl
involved, she was humiliated to have a touching moment converted
into something dirty. She wondered whether she was expected to
reply for a moment or two until the woman continued.

"I think," said the warden, speaking to the guard, "that this
young lady might be suitable for the experimental section." She
handed the clipboard back to the guard and then waved the pair
away. "Take her down to processing," she said.

At the words 'experimental section', Lucy felt a sudden stab of
fear as though a sliver of glass had been driven into her heart.
She had no time to reflect on the matter, however, as she was led
immediately off toward a set of stairs leading down into the
basement of the structure. The guard, holding her firmly by one
arm, escorted her down the steps and then she was taken through a
complicated series of passageways to a small, brightly lit room.
Inside she found herself facing a heavy black chair similar to
those found in dentists offices and, in the far corner she saw a
petite woman in a nurse's uniform look up as they entered. The
woman took the clipboard from the guard and, after she glanced at
it, she turned to Lucy.

"Strip, please." she commanded.

***

Undressing in front of strangers had been difficult for Lucy at
first but, after several stays in various reform schools, she was
now fairly used to it. Quickly, she shucked off the plain denim
dress the school provided and then slid down the functional,
rather unattractive cotton briefs that served as panties. She
stood there, her small, tangerine-sized breasts gleaming palely
under the fluorescent lights, and crossed her hands demurely over
the sparsely thatched mound of her pudendum. She watched as the
nurse gathered up the clothing she had just removed and deposited
them into a container marked 'incinerator' before turning back to
Lucy once again.

"Up here, please," said the nurse, patting the heavy padded
chair. She stood aside as Lucy climbed up onto the seat and then
walked over to a counter at the far wall. When she returned she
was carrying a razor and a can of shaving cream and her hands
were encased in rubber gloves.

"What. what are you going to do?" queried Lucy nervously.

"Shave your pubic area," replied the nurse matter-of-factly.
"It's standard procedure around here so I don't want you being
silly about it." She squirted a generous dollop of cream into one
gloved hand and then set the can down on the chair. Lucy still
had her hands crossed over her groin but the nurse gently but
firmly moved them aside and began the procedure. She worked
swiftly and, in less than five minutes, Lucy was looking in some
dismay at the freshly denuded rise of her pussy mound.

"There we go," said the nurse. She returned the equipment to the
counter and then, returning to Lucy, and without any sort of
preliminaries, she began a quick inspection of Lucy's genitals,
spreading the delicate folds apart with her gloved fingers as she
probed. The entire transaction only last a minute or so but it
left Lucy burning with humiliation at the liberty that had been
taken. She felt her face flush hotly as the nurse made an entry
on the clipboard and then a sound made her prick up her ears. She
turned toward the doorway just in time to see Ms. Kraft breezing
into the room.

"Excellent," beamed Ms. Kraft as her eyes fell upon the nurse's
recent handiwork. "Anything to report?"

"Oh yes. excellent clitoral development," replied the nurse. "She
should be a good candidate for the L-11 series." At these words,
a gleam of interest brightened the warden's eyes and she crossed
the room over to Lucy. Without pausing to don rubber gloves, she
began the same intimate examination the nurse had just made,
spreading the puffy outer lips and perusing the inner pink slit
with some interest. She seemed very pleased by what she saw.

"Oh yes. yes, indeed," Ms. Kraft intoned softly. As she continued
her probing, Lucy felt her face almost glow red hot with
embarrassment. Ever since the pretty teenager had had an
opportunity to compare, she had been aware that she was unusually
well endowed in the clitoral department. Her prepuce, or clitoral
hood, rose in a folded ridge to protrude from the upper reaches
of her labia and the tip of the sensitive organ extended a good
quarter-inch from the fleshy sleeve even when she was not
aroused. Now, as Ms. Kraft just barely teased the exposed head
with her ungloved hand, Lucy felt the little pink cylinder begin
to swell and extend from it's sheath. Despite her humiliation,
she started to feel a rising excitement.

"A fine specimen," murmured the warden. "And excellent
lubrication too." she added, as though to herself. She completed
the exam and, as she straightened up, Lucy was surprised to see
that the woman's pale complexion seemed slightly flushed. She
wondered at this strange development and, for a moment, the hard
little knot of arousal that had begun to form in the pit of her
stomach seemed to bloom. "Alright," said the warden, suddenly
brisk and business-like. "Let's get her to the L-11 unit."

*** 

After the warden had left, Lucy was given a small hospital
type smock to wear and led down yet another intricate maze of
subterranean passageways. She was conscious, as she walked, that
the smock was embarrassingly open in the rear and each time she
and the nurse passed a staff member Lucy would grasp reach behind
herself and hold the open flaps together in an effort to conceal
her bottom. After what seemed like an interminable march, she
soon found herself in a small room at the end of a narrow
corridor. The nurse told her that these were her sleeping
quarters and that she would have to remain here until they were
ready for her.

The room was about fifteen feet wide and the floor was mostly
taken up by a low wooden sleeping platform about half as wide
again as a King size bed. A thin palliasse covered the platform
and there were several blankets and two pillows piled at the
head. Across from this were a small table and two chairs and, in
the back wall, set high up, was a narrow window whose glass was
frosted to make it opaque. After surveying the meager
furnishings, Lucy sat down heavily on the low wooden sleeping
platform and reflected on her rather disturbing situation.

Almost two hours passed before the nurse returned. She beckoned
to Lucy and once again the pair set off through the endless
passageways beneath the building. They passed a number of offices
and maintenance rooms and then, at the far end of a brightly lit,
tiled corridor, they found themselves in front of a double set of
doors over which a sign identified it as the 'L-11' section. Lucy
experienced a little shiver of nervousness as the nurse pushed
open the doors and ushered her inside.

The room beyond was long and narrow and it disappeared off into
the distance. It was divided up into small cubicles by beige
colored partitions that rose to just below shoulder height and,
at about three cubicles up on the right, Lucy could see a trio of
heads obviously absorbed in some sort of activity. She strained
to see what was happening as the nurse led her into the second
cubicle on the left.

The first cubicles that Lucy passed were each fitted out with
dentist type chairs like the one she had sat in earlier, along
with stainless steel counters and cabinets against the rear wall.
The cubicle she was led into, however, did not have a chair in it
but instead featured two stout wooden posts that rose from the
floor to the ceiling about two feet apart. There was a padded
cross beam spanning the posts at about waist height, below which
there were some wooden steps, and, further up the posts, there
was a metal crossbeam that appeared to be adjustable. Lucy looked
at the contraption in some apprehension.

Before Lucy had time to think, the nurse had slipped the hospital
smock from her body, leaving her totally nude. She maneuvered
Lucy to the set of steps and then made her climb them and kneel
on the padded cross-member. The metal beam lay flat across Lucy's
trunk, just below the swell of her adolescent breasts and she
gripped the upright beams for support as the nurse eased her
knees apart until they too rested against the wooden posts. A
wave of nervousness passed through the pretty teenager as she was
put in place but she was also curiously intrigued by whatever it
was that was about to happen.

From her vantagepoint, Lucy had a clear view into the other
cubicle across the room. One of the trio of females in there had
her back to Lucy but she could tell from the luxurious mane of
hair that it was Ms. Kraft, the head warden. There was also a
tall, slender girl with long blonde hair standing just opposite
Ms. Kraft and the blue denim dress she was wearing clearly
identified her as an inmate of the institution. Both females
seemed to be focused on the third person, a brunette, only a
little older than Lucy, who seemed to be sitting back in one of
the black leather examination chairs. She was obviously naked,
although Lucy could only see her head and shoulders and, as Lucy
watched, the girl suddenly looked over, her eyes locking for an
instant with Lucy's. Lucy attempted a tight little smile in
greeting but before the girl could respond, Ms. Kraft moved in
front of her, obscuring Lucy's view.

At that moment, Lucy became aware of the nurse mounting the
little set of steps behind her. The woman was close enough so
that Lucy could feel the warmth of her against her naked back and
then, suddenly, she felt the nurse's hands around her to cup the
small orbs of her breasts. She stiffened slightly, her heart now
pounding in her chest, and then she relaxed a little as the woman
started to massage gently, allowing her palms to slip easily over
the sensitive soft flesh. Lucy was nervous still, but she slowly
began to give into the pleasant sensations and in only a few
moments she discovered that her nipples were firmly erect beneath
the gentle caress. As the nurse continued to tease and pull
gently at the stiffened little nubbins, the aroused Lucy felt a
pleasant fullness in the plump little saddle between her legs and
she knew that she was becoming wet down there.

After a minute or two, the nurse withdrew her right hand, still
massaging Lucy with the other, and slipped it between Lucy's legs
from behind. She allowed the edge of her hand to slip over the
soft pads of Lucy's outer lips, nodding in satisfaction at the
sticky wetness she discovered, and then she curled two fingers
upward, sliding them in between the puffy labia and spreading
them gently apart. Lucy gave a little shiver of pleasure and
sighed softly as the fingers pressed into the narrow channel and
slid further up the front of her pudendum.

Carefully, the nurse teased apart the thick nether lips and
allowed her fingertips to straddle the ridge of Lucy's clitoral
hood. She squeezed ever so gently inward and Lucy gave a low moan
of pleasure at the delicious sensation. Her clitoris began to
swell into full erectness beneath this exciting manipulation and
a moment later she could feel it begin to emerge even further
from its fleshy sheath. The nurse smiled approvingly.

"Excellent, dear," she whispered. "I think you're ready now."

Lucy had no idea whatever it was she was supposed to be ready for
but, in the excitement of the moment she almost felt prepared for
anything. She had sudden misgivings a minute later, however, when
the nurse approached her from in front carrying what looked for
all the world like a large plastic syringe. The nurse, seeing her
look of sudden horror, shook her head sympathetically.

"Don't worry, Lucy," she smiled. "This won't be nearly as bad as
it might look at first."

Looking down, Lucy could see that the syringe was about a
half-inch in diameter and nearly six inches long. The tip, where
a needle would normally be attached had been completely removed
and a black rubber ring had been affixed, forming a sort of
cushion at the end. The nervous teenager watched as the nurse
raised the syringe to her, placing the end against the narrow
cleft of her pussy mound, and she jumped slightly as the rubber
ring slid in between the puffy lips to encircle her clit. The
nurse held it in place for a moment and then, with a slow
deliberateness, began to pull out the plunger of the syringe.

"Oh. Oh, my god," gasped Lucy. The sudden vacuum pulled the
rubber ring tightly into the spread of her slit and she could
immediately feel the sensitive finger of her clitoris being drawn
into the cylinder. The pressure started to become intense and, as
the nurse pulled the plunger back millimeter by millimeter, Lucy
was able to watch her already swollen love button expand to fill
the barrel and slowly extend along the length of it. The sight of
this, coupled with the powerful sensations mage the teenager feel
weak at the knees. She gripped the posts even tighter for support
and moaned softly as the pressure increased.

It took a full minute for the nurse to completely withdraw the
plunger and, when she was finished, Lucy's clit was swollen to
nearly four times its normal size and was throbbing in a way she
had never experienced before. It was painful to be sure. there
could be no doubt about that. but the sensations were also
incredibly, erotically pleasurable and Lucy was unbelievably
aroused as the nurse stepped away leaving the syringe jutting
from her groin like some oddly shaped phallus. She closed her
eyes to savor the strange sensations as the nurse busied herself
at the cabinet behind her.

A moment later, the nurse returned carrying a large plastic
bottle and a small pail whose handle was attached to a small
length of chain with a clamp at one end. The nurse set the bottle
down at her feet and then deftly affixed the clamp to the end of
the syringe plunger. The chain was about a foot long and, when
the nurse allowed the pail to hang free, the weight of it pulled
the syringe straight down and the device swung back and forth
slightly, tugging at Lucy's clitoris in the most interesting way.
She moaned softly as the nurse picked up the plastic bottle and
unscrewed the cap.

The bottle contained nothing more than water and, when the pail
had stopped swinging, the nurse began to pour the fluid into it
in a slow steady stream. Almost immediately, the added weight
caused the syringe to pull even more insistently at Lucy's
engorged clitoris, tugging downward with increasing force.  Pain
and pleasure mounted steadily with each fluid ounce and it seemed
to the young teenager that her sensitive organ was being drawn
from her body, millimeter by agonizingly erotic millimeter. She
was as aroused as she had ever been in her life and the
sensations drove her almost mad with their intensity.

The nurse managed to pour almost a half-gallon of water into the
pail before she detected the first signs that the syringe might
pull free from Lucy's clit. She added a few more drops for good
measure and then put the top back on the bottle.

"That's it for now," she announced. She set the bottle back on
the counter and then patted Lucy lightly on the rump. "You'll
need to remain like this for seven minutes," she informed the
girl. Lucy, her eyes almost completely shut, was unable to reply
and she was only vaguely aware of the nurse leaving the little
cubicle.

After several minutes alone, Lucy became aware once more of the
activity in the opposite cubicle. When she looked up, she saw
that Ms. Kraft and her inmate assistant were facing her from the
far side of their dark-haired patient. The girl was lying back
staring up at the ceiling and the two women seemed intent on
something that was hidden from Lucy's view. She continued to
watch them for a moment or two and then, at a word from Ms.
Kraft, the inmate moved her arm and a sudden loud humming sound
filled the room.

The effect of whatever was happening was immediate on the young
patient. Her back arched into quivering rigidity and she emitted
a sharp, strangled cry before her features were pulled into a
tight rictus of pain. Her body remained bowed for a full thirty
seconds as the hum continued and then the noise suddenly stopped
and the girl collapsed panting into the chair once again. From
her vantagepoint, Lucy momentarily forgot the pressure between
her legs as she watched the scene in silent, fascinated horror.

There was a pause of just under a minute and then the awful
humming recommenced, causing the girl to become rigid once again.
This time the procedure continued far beyond the brief period of
the first time and the girl, after her first initial cry of pain,
began to exhale in short, shuddering gasps. Her hair was now
plastered wetly about her pretty features and Lucy suddenly
understood that pleasure had replaced the original pain. She
became aware once more of the intense turgidity of her swollen
clit as she watched the girl shudder through an obviously
powerful orgasm, and the sheer intensity of the other girl's
ecstasy did nothing to alleviate her own incredible arousal. She
continued to watch until the throes of the climax subsided and
the machine ceased its relentless hum. Ms. Kraft and her
assistant moved in toward the girl as she lay exhausted and Lucy
saw her being helped from the chair just as the nurse returned.

"Time's up," chirped the young woman breezily. She unsnapped the
pail from the end of the syringe and set it down on the floor.
When she released the plunger on the suction device, the sudden
release of pressure was quite painful and Lucy bleated sharply,
her knees almost buckling. The nurse patted her thigh
sympathetically as she slid the long plastic cylinder away from
the teenager's pudendum and smiled in a friendly way. "Just relax
for a moment," she said. "We'll take care of you shortly."

As the nurse returned to the cabinet with the equipment, Lucy was
vaguely aware of the other girl being led from her cubicle but,
at that moment, the insistent throbbing of her private parts made
it difficult for her to pay much attention. When she looked down,
she saw that her clitoris had not immediately subsided when the
pressure was released but rather still jutted out like an angry
finger, swollen a deep and mottled red. It was rather an alarming
sight to be sure, but there was also something undeniably sexy
and exciting about the incredible new size of it. All at once,
the tingling sensation in the turgid protuberance began to feel
pleasurable again.

"Okay, let's take care of you," the nurse said as she reappeared.
She was carrying a small rubber object in her hand that looked
somewhat like an oversized bulb from an eyedropper. The inside,
Lucy could see, was filled with a thick white cream. "Just
relax," said the nurse.

Holding Lucy's thigh with one hand, the nurse raised the rubber
object to Lucy's pussy and slid it over her swollen clittie. All
at once, thick coldness of the greasy unguent soothed the
throbbing cylinder and Lucy moaned again, her eyes half-closing.
The nurse slid the rubber cup all the way into Lucy's slit,
causing some of the cream to escape and, when it was in place she
squeezed ever so slightly, gripping Lucy as she began to slide
her fingers back and forth. Slowly, she milked the length of the
erect finger of flesh, caressing it gently and making the excited
teenager almost faint with pleasure.

"Oh. oh my god," Lucy gasped as the sensations overwhelmed her.
She gripped the wooden posts more tightly still and,
unconsciously, thrust her hips toward the delightful source of
stimulation. She groaned again and then, just as she was
beginning to wonder how long she could bear this delicious
torture, the accumulated excitement exploded within her, causing
her to buck her hips madly as she spent herself. Successive waves
of ecstasy coursed through her loins for what seemed like an
eternity and finally, as she gasped for air, the power of her
orgasm subsided. The nurse smiled approvingly.

"Good girl," she whispered as she withdrew the cup.

***

The delicious exercise was repeated three times that day; once
again in mid- afternoon, then just before supper and, finally, in
the later evening. After lunch, and again after supper, Lucy was
put to work in the kitchen and was made to wash pots in the
steamy scullery. After each treatment in the L-11 unit, she
discovered that her sensitive clitoris took at least an hour to
subside to its original size and that, as she worked it was
chafed rather pleasantly between the puffy lips of her freshly
shaven cunt. It had the effect of making her greedily anticipate
the next session with the nurse and, in addition, it left her in
an almost continual state of arousal during the remainder of the
day.

Lucy worked alone during the after lunch shift but, for her
second stint, she was given a helpmate. To her surprise, she saw
it was the girl who had been in the cubicle across from hers
during the morning procedure and she smiled shyly at her when she
arrived.

"I'm Lucy," she announced, holding out her hand.

Chatter, it appeared, was not permitted during working hours, but
the girls managed a few brief snatches of conversation when they
were not being directly observed. The pretty brunette, Lucy
learned, was name Julia, and she was seventeen years old. The
pair had a brief moment of laughter when they each learned that
they were both sentenced to reform school because of car theft
but then one of the staff intervened and ordered them to be
quiet. Lucy was disappointed at not being able to continue the
conversation but, as she worked away, she stole glances at her
companion and found she couldn't help but admire the way the
steamy dampness of the room made Julia's school issue shirt cling
tightly to her sleek and obviously bra- less form.

Later, after her last session in the L-11 unit, Lucy was escorted
to her room wearing only the long white T- shirt that served as a
nightdress in this part of the institution. When the door was
pushed open, she was surprised to see that her bed was not empty
and, as the light from the corridor fell on the tousled brown
hair, she experienced a little thrill of pleasure when she
realized that her new roommate was none other than Julia. Her
escort prodded her into the room, closing the door behind her and
then her footsteps could be heard disappearing down the corridor
as Lucy adjusted her eyes to the dim light in the room.

"Here." said Julia sleepily, raising herself on one elbow. She
held out a thick blanket and Lucy took it gratefully.

"Thanks," she smiled. She climbed a little stiffly onto the
massive sleeping platform and drew the blanket over herself. It
was a little cool in the room and she was glad of its heavy
warmth. "God, I'm so tired," she whispered.

"Oh, me too," agreed Julia. There was a transom over the door and
even in the limited light it allowed in, Lucy could see Julia's
tired but very pretty smile. She pulled the blanket tight around
her and relaxed a little. Her limbs were heavy with weariness but
she was still very conscious of a tingling fullness in her
private parts after the last session.

"Did. did you have more. um, experiments today?" she finally
ventured. Julia nodded.

"Five times today," she replied. "You?"

"Four times," said Lucy. She was silent for a moment and then she
spoke again. "How long have you been here anyway?"

"At the school, or here in this unit?" Julia asked.

"Well. both."

"Uh. let's see," began Julia. "I came to the school just after
Easter and I've been on the unit for. uh. almost seven weeks
now." Almost seven weeks? The thought of daily sessions for such
a long time left Lucy a little nonplussed. A question suddenly
arose unbidden in her mind but it was so personal she hesitated
to ask it. There was silence for a moment and then, with a low
chuckle, Julia voiced Lucy's concern.

"You're wondering how big it's gotten so far, aren't you?" she
whispered with some amusement. Lucy blushed at the directness of
the question and then nodded with little giggle of embarrassment.

"Yeah, I guess I was," she finally admitted. She smiled shyly and
then gave a little start as Julia pulled aside her blanket.

"I'll show you mine if you show me yours," the girl said in a
juicy whisper. She was lying on her side facing Lucy and she also
wore a long white T-shirt that extended below her thighs. With a
quick, fluid motion, she raised her hips and, to Lucy's
amazement, she drew the thin garment over her head and completely
removed it. Lucy gaped almost comically as Julia revealed her
lovely young body.

For a moment, the surprised young teenager's gaze fell upon the
pale orbs of Julia's full breasts and then, as her attention was
drawn down to the smooth rise between the girl's legs, she let
out a low gasp of amazement. Protruding from between the puffy,
hairless lips, Julia's clitoris was almost an inch long and
deliciously thick along its entire length. Even in the dim light
it glistened with an exciting wetness and it seemed to Lucy that
it was swelling bigger still before her eyes. She stared at the
turgid protuberance in silent awe.

"Quite impressive, isn't it?" Julia whispered softly. She allowed
her hand to stray down between her legs and she teased apart her
lips with two fingers, exposing the entire length of the exciting
cylinder of pink flesh.

"God, yes." Lucy managed to murmur, her eyes glued to the
entrancing sight. She felt a rush of arousal as she continued to
stare.

"You're supposed to show me yours too," Julia said archly, a
naughty lilt in her voice. Lucy's eyes flickered up to meet
Julia's and for a moment their gaze locked. The glimmer of
arousal was plain in her new companion's pretty eyes and Lucy
felt her heart thud rapidly inside her chest.

"Alright." she whispered.

Shrugging aside her own blanket, and almost shivering with
excitement, Lucy pulled of her T-shirt and lay on her right side
facing Julia. For a moment she experienced a pang of self-
consciousness as the girl's eyes swept over her own small breasts
and then Julia's gaze fixed on the plump saddle between her legs.
Her clitoris, already stiffening, was framed by the tight grip of
her chubby outer labia.

"God. it's so cute." Julia breathed softly. "It's like a little
seal. a little baby seal breathing at an ice- hole." She said
these words with a quiet sort of awe but the comparison struck
Lucy as delicious and she giggled.

"If mine's a seal, then yours is a walrus," she laughed. Julia
joined her in laughter for a moment and then shivered.

"It's chilly in here," she observed. Reaching down, she grabbed
her blanket and pulled it up, covering not only herself, but, to
Lucy's surprise and pleasure, Lucy also. "That's better, isn't
it?" she smiled. She had shuffled over toward Lucy a little as
she pulled the blanket up and the younger girl experienced a
little tremor of delight as she felt the heat from Julia's naked
body.

"But now the walrus can't see the seal," Lucy joked, pouting in
mock disappointment. Julia laughed.

"I guess they'll just have to rub noses," she chortled.

Before Lucy could begin to fathom what Julia meant, the older
girl had arched her back, pressing her hips tightly against
Lucy's. The sudden intimacy of the position stifled Lucy in mid-
giggle and all at once a serious stillness descended on the room.
Unconsciously, Lucy pushed her hips toward Julia's seeking the
other girl's curved pussy mound with her own.

"God. I'm always so fucking horny in this place," Julia moaned.
Lucy, swallowing deeply as her excitement washed over her, could
only grunt in reply. As she thrust her hips even further forward,
she could feel the hard little finger of her clit slide up the
moist channel of Julia's cunt. They ground against each other for
several wonderful moments and then Julia spoke.

"Let me make it better for us," she gasped hoarsely.

Sliding her left leg between Lucy's legs, Julia rolled over on
top of the excited teenager, spreading her thighs as she did so.
She supported herself on both hands for a moment and then, as she
lay down between Lucy's outstretched legs, she spat on her palm
and quickly worked the sticky fluid over her mound. She put her
hand back down on the bed again so that they both supported her
on either side of Lucy's shoulders and then, slowly but
deliberately, she lowered herself to her companion, pushing the
hard protrusion of her pubic bone against the softly yielding
pussy lips below. Almost immediately, the two engorged clitorises
met in an almost electric explosion of pleasure and Lucy cried
out loudly as she e raised her hips up to meet the hot body above
her.

"Oh Jesus. Oh, Christ," she gasped. Julia's breasts now hung down
over her chest and the nipples brushed over her own, teasing them
into hard little points. Their pussies were now crushed hard
against each other, moving in slow, grinding circles and, as Lucy
curled her lower legs over Julia's pulling her tighter still, the
older girl pressed her mouth against Lucy's and they kissed
deeply, moaning in unison as their tongues entwined with each
other. They explored each other's mouths intimately as they
squirmed in aroused abandon against each other and then, with a
gasping cry, Julia tore her mouth from Lucy's

"Oh fuck. oh fuck that feels so good," she cried.

Suddenly, and with a near ferocity that startled Lucy, Julia rose
upright on the bed. She grasped Lucy's right leg and raised it so
that the girl was turned on her side and her thighs held apart
like the open jaws of a pair of scissors. Julia was on her knees
now, each leg straddling Lucy's left leg where it lay on the
padded platform, and she thrust her hips forward, pressing her
bald pussy against Lucy's once again. This time, the erect
protuberance of her engorged clit slid deeply between the younger
girl's lips and into the hot wetness inside. The length of
Julia's organ was not quite enough to actually penetrate Lucy's
vagina, but the sensation of the stiff little probe sliding along
the sensitive inner folds made the young teenager cry out in
deliciously agonized pleasure.

Building to a rapid staccato rhythm, Julia thrust her hips back
and forth, sliding her sensitive love button into and along the
sticky, moist furrow of Lucy's cunt. Finally, as the sensations
overwhelmed her, she twisted her trunk slightly and then, as the
two fingers of erectile tissue met once again in an explosion of
pleasure, both girls came together, crying out in unison as the
powerful waves burst through them. They ground together for a few
final, wonderful seconds and then collapsed panting and sweating
to the thin mattress.

Afterward, the pair lay together beneath a single blanket, deeply
and warmly comfortable. Lucy felt satiated in a way far greater
than anything she had experienced at the hands of the nurse but
there were still some questions she had in her mind. Finally,
after she became still more relaxed, she whispered to Julia.

"Um. Julia," she began. "Down in the treatment room. when you
were in that chair. What was that. that stuff they were doing to
you?"

"The electric box?" queried Julia sleepily. "The thing that makes
the humming noise, you mean?" Lucy nodded.

"Yeah. that. What is it?"

"Some kind of electrical thingie," said Julia. "They. you know.
hook you up and zap you with it."

"God," breathed Lucy. "It looked so painful."

"Yeah," whispered Julia after a pause. "It does hurt, but it
makes you come like crazy." She was silent again for a minute or
so and then she added in a sibilant murmur, "God does it ever
make you come." "Wow," replied Lucy, a little nonplussed. "What
are they doing all this for anyway?" she asked. She waited in
silence for a moment until Julia, her voice low and drowsy,
finally replied.

"Hasn't. um. hasn't Ms. What's-her-name. Ms. Kraft shown you
yet?" she asked cryptically. She fell silent again and Lucy shook
her head.

"No. Show me what?" she queried. There was no response from Julia
and when Lucy attempted to ask the question, a tiny snore told
her that her new friend was fast asleep. Confused, she lay back
on the mattress and pondered the curious reply until she too
finally drifted off into a deep and dreamless slumber.

***

During the morning session on the unit, Lucy was subjected to the
same procedure as the day before but, in the afternoon, the
treatment was modified. After directing Lucy to disrobe, the
nurse approached the young teen with a narrow white plastic belt
from the front of which descended a curious strap attachment. The
belt fastened at the side rather than the front and the nurse
brought it around Lucy's slender waist, allowing the strap
attachment to hang loosely in front for the moment. Lucy was
already becoming aroused in anticipation of what was to follow
and, when she looked down, she saw that the upper part of the
strap had a hole pierced through the front of it and, just below
this the strap divided into two separate, thinner pieces.

When the belt was fastened firmly above Lucy's hips. The nurse
reached through her legs from behind and brought the two straps
up to attach them to the back of the belt. As she did this, she
adjusted the front of the strap so that Lucy's clitoris, now
erect, slipped easily through the hole. She pulled hard on the
straps, pulling it tightly into the channel between Lucy's pussy
lips and forcing the clitoris to protrude stiffly through the
aperture, and then she fastened the ends of the divided straps to
fixtures at the back of the waist. The effect of this arrangement
was to spread Lucy's pussy lips and buttocks apart in a way that
exposed her most private places in a deliciously exciting way.

The nurse now had Lucy take her place back up on the little
platform between the two posts and then, as the girl was
maneuvered into position, she placed a large basin between her
legs. Lucy, looking down, was able to see the tip of her clitoris
extending beyond the surface of the white strap and the fullness
of it excited her. After every treatment so far, her clitoris had
slowly subsided from its swollen state within a few hours but,
she now saw, it was beginning to increase in length and girth.
Slowly, the repeated vacuum treatments were beginning to have a
small but still perceptible effect.

As she stared at this novel development, Lucy became aware of a
clattering behind her and she half-turned to see the nurse wheel
up a large barrel shaped piece of equipment that looked rather
like an industrial vacuum cleaner. There were three hoses
protruding from the top but they were much thinner than regular
vacuum attachments two were tipped with a thin spray device
resembling the water pics in a dentist's office while the third
had a wider clear plastic tube at the end. Lucy watched in
mounting anticipation as the nurse flicked a switch on the
machine, causing it to emit a low, steady rumble.

"I'll need to let the unit warm up," the nurse announced without
further explanation. She went to the table at the back of the
cubicle and returned with two more white straps each of which had
a clip attachment about midway along. Shivering with excited
anticipation, Lucy watched as the nurse fastened them about the
top of each of her thighs, pulling them tight so that the clips
were on the inside of her legs. "There we go," the nurse smiled.

The nurse then took one of the spray attachments from the barrel
shaped device and pulled on it, drawing more of its plastic
tubing from a hidden receptacle. She raised the nozzle near to
Lucy's crotch and then she flicked another switch, causing a
fine, pulsing jet of water to surge from the thin plastic wand.
Slowly, she directed the stream at Lucy's exposed and protruding
clitoris and the excited teenager moaned loudly as the focused,
needle-like spray played over the sensitive throbbing flesh.

The exquisite torture lasted for nearly a minute as the nurse
pointed the nozzle this way and that, covering the whole
protruding nubbin with a tattoo of high-pressure water. As soon
as she was finished, the nurse switched off the spray and then
picked up the tubing with the clear plastic attachment at the
end. Sliding it over Lucy's engorged clit, she flicked another
switch and, all at once, a vacuum was engaged, sucking all the
air from the slender cylinder and drawing the pink finger of
flesh down inside the tube. Lucy's hips jerked forward at the
delightful sensation.

"Oh. Oh my goodness," she gasped, her eyes tightly shut. The
vacuum pressure created by the syringe in earlier sessions had
been intense but this time it was truly incredible. Opening her
eyes to look down, Lucy gaped in amazement as she was able to see
her clittie growing before her very eyes and expanding to fill
the whole of the plastic cylinder. In less than thirty seconds,
the tiny organ had swelled to incredible inch in length and it
pulsed visible against the restraining plastic wall. At that
point, further expansion was clearly impossible and the nurse
deactivated the pump, leaving the device still gripped tightly to
Lucy's tortured cunt.

"Next step," said the nurse breezily. Stepping back to the
counter for a moment, she returned to Lucy's side, carrying what
the girl recognized as a pair of speculums. In past gynecological
visits, Lucy had been subjected to the probing use of a speculum
and though she had not particularly relished the experience she
now discovered a little thrill of anticipation at the thought of
having not one but two of the exciting instruments inserted into
her. She gazed with widening eyes as the pretty nurse used the
contents of a small tube to lubricate the shiny steel jaws of
each device. "Alright," said the nurse as she readied the first
of the tools.

The nurse stood behind Lucy as she inserted the first speculum
into the teenager's now hotly wet vagina. Slipping the ends of
the steel jaws into the crevice of her pussy lips, she worked it
upward, making Lucy shiver with the strange deliciousness of the
sensation and, when the length of the device was fully inserted
she manipulated the screw at the side of the jaws, opening them
wide to their fullest extent. The unique feeling of being
stretched apart so widely was intensely erotic and Lucy moaned
softly to herself as the nurse picked up the second set of jaws.

Although the nurse used copious quantities of lubricant on the
second speculum, it was very tight as she inserted it into Lucy's
virginal asshole. The pretty teenager had never been penetrated
so deeply in her bottom before and even though there was an
underlying pain and discomfort, the experience of having the cold
steel sliding so far into her was exquisitely sexy. She was
unable to prevent a groan of pleasure as these metal jaws were
also spread apart, opening her up and exposing her most hidden
spaces to a sudden onrush of cool air.

"Oh, Jesus," she muttered, clenching her teeth at this fresh,
undeniably erotic invasion. "Oh my Jesus."

A moment later, Lucy, only dimly aware of what was happening,
felt a fumbling between her thighs as the nurse retracted the two
spray-tipped hoses from the machine and attached them to the
clamps on Lucy's thigh straps. She slid the long thin nozzles up
into the open jaws of the two speculums and then spent a moment
or so adjusting their respective placements. When she was
satisfied, she bent to the machine and deftly switched on the
sprays.

Sweet Christ but the result was incredible!

Lucy almost screamed with pleasure as the two narrow jets of
water burst inside her. The nozzle in her vagina was angled so
that the pulsing stream was focused on the sensitive nerve plexus
just behind her pubic bone while the spray in her bottom drummed
forcefully against the soft wall separating her rectum from her
vaginal vault. The streams pulsed in the same way as a massage
showerhead, but their respective rhythms were out of sequence
with each other so that a harmonic effect was created. It was as
though a symphony of pleasure was created inside the squirming
teenage and she was barely aware when the nurse left the cubicle,
leaving her to the delightful torment of the strange machine.

Whether the nurse was gone for two minutes or twenty, Lucy could
not later say. When the woman returned the young girl was
trembling from three explosive orgasms that wracked her frame
with unbelievable power and she hung limply between the posts,
her hips jerking convulsively, when the nurse switched the spray
off and released the vacuum. She almost fainted as the clear
plastic cylinder was slid from her tender clitoris and the nurse
clucked in sympathy.

"Excellent results," the woman smiled. "Shall we say eleven
o'clock for your next session?"

***

That evening, when she had finished supper and completed her pot
washing tasks, Lucy was returned to the treatment room for her
fifth treatment of the day. Afterwards, instead of being returned
to her room as expected, she was led above ground to the third
floor of the unit. It was clear that this portion of the
building, which resembled more a residential complex, was not
part of the experimental section and Lucy wondered why she had
been taken here. It was dark outside now and, try as she might,
Lucy could see nothing through any of the windows except for the
odd tree branch brushing up against the glass. She was nervously
apprehensive as she was led along the empty corridors, but the
recent treatment had also left her in a weak but continued state
of arousal.

The rather grim-faced guard who escorted Lucy to the second floor
paused before a polished wooden door at the end of one corridor
and knocked. There was a lengthy pause followed by a muffled
command to enter and then the guard pushed open the door and
ushered Lucy inside before leaving. It was quite dimly lit inside
the room, almost like a candle-lit cathedral, and Lucy could see
that the room was comfortable furnished with plush draperies and
a richly patterned deep-pile carpet. At one end, seated on a
divan, was the warden, Ms. Kraft.

"Ah. good evening my dear," she said, rising from he divan. She
was dressed in a flowing robe of blue silk and her hair was pile
loosely on her head with a few stray tendrils flanking her
handsome features. At that moment, another door set into the rear
wall opened and a young blonde girl entered. It was the same
inmate whom Lucy had seen with the warden the day before and she
too wore a robe rather than the standard institution clothing. In
her hand she carried a small silver tray on which reposed a
delicately etched crystal glass filled with an amber liquid.

"Your sherry, Ms. Kraft," intoned the pretty blonde.

"Thank you, Tanya," smiled Ms. Kraft, her eyes still on Lucy. She
took the glass from the tray and sipped at it as Tanya retired to
the left and placed the tray on a small table against the wall.
"And how are you finding things, my dear?" the warden asked Lucy.
"Not finding things too.. well, exhausting?" Lucy swallowed
before replying.

"Um.. No, Ma'am. I guess not," she finally managed to mumble. The
warden beamed at her.

"Good," she said. "I'm very interested to see how things are
progressing." She nodded over to Tanya and the blonde girl,
clearly understanding what was expected of her, walked over to
Lucy and began to remove her clothing. For a moment, Lucy
stiffened as though to resist but then she relaxed as the girl
completed her work. A moment later she found herself standing
completely naked before the warden's admiring gaze.

"Very nice," the warden purred as she scanned the nervous
teenager's lithe young form. "But I think we need a more detailed
examination." She patted the table where the silver tray had been
placed and directed Lucy to have a seat upon it. "Let's have a
better look at you, dear," she whispered.

Tanya stepped into assist Lucy up onto the narrow little table
and turned her so that she sat with her back to the wall with her
legs spread apart. The warden, her eyes fixed almost hungrily at
the smooth plump saddle between Lucy's thighs stepped in closer,
placing her hands on the trembling teenager's knees. She bent
slightly in gave a low murmur of satisfaction at what she saw.

"Excellent," she whispered softly. She placed and index finger
into the narrow crevice of Lucy's pussy, making the girl shiver,
and then drew it slowly upward. At the first contact, the
sensitive pink finger protruding from the puffy lips seemed to
give a convulsive little start and then it began to visibly
swell, extending from its nest as it did so. Ms. Kraft teased it
gently and then spoke. "You must be wondering about the purpose
of our. ah. experiments," she said. She continued to stimulate
Lucy into a throbbing eection, her eyes fixed on her handiwork,
and Lucy, now hotly aroused could do little more than nod. "I
could explain it to you in detail," she began. "But. perhaps a
demonstration would be more efficient."

As she said this, the warden straightened up once more and then
she slipped of her robe revealing that she was completely and
deliciously naked beneath. Her breasts, large yet still firm with
dark conical nipples, were truly impressive but it was what lay
below that made the young teenager gasp in startled disbelief.
There, between the smoothly shaven lips, lying like a sleeping
snake, was a clitoris of stupendous, unbelievable proportions.

"Dear God," thought Lucy, here eyes wide with amazement. "It's
like she has a cock down there!"

A simultaneous chuckle from both Ms. Kraft and Tanya greeted
Lucy's reaction of stunned disbelief. The monster organ, still in
a semi-somnolent state, lay down along the curve of the warden's
pubic bulge, very nearly four inches in length. It was a deep,
mottled red in color and Lucy was amazed to see that the base of
the incredible protuberance was thicker around than her own
thumb. She stared at it, scarcely able to credit her own senses.

"Perhaps you may be interested in another work in progress," the
warden continued.

Drawing the pretty Tanya toward her, Ms. Kraft turned the girl so
that she faced Lucy and then she slipped of the girl's robe,
dropping it casually to the floor behind her. Unlike Ms. Kraft,
Tanya was not completely naked beneath but had on a pair of brief
cotton panties that clung tightly to the lovely flare of her
teenage hips. In front, the sheer material outlined in erotic
detail the curves and folds of the hidden pubic mound and Lucy
saw, with a little thrill of excitement, that the very center of
the fabric was pushed out slightly by some firm and insistent
protuberance beneath. The warden smiled and slipped her arm
easily about the girl's waist.

"Tanya is one of our star subjects," she murmured, almost to
herself. As Lucy watched, the woman allowed her hand to snake
fully around the girl and slide over the sheer material of her
panties. She began to run her fingers lightly over and around the
little protrusion, making the pretty blonde sigh deeply in her
throat and, as she did this, Lucy could see the little bump swell
and grow until it tented out the front of the thin cotton fabric.
Her own clitoris seemed to throb in sympathetic pleasure as she
watched and she knew that she was becoming deliciously and hotly
wet. "Magnificent erection." whispered the warden.

As the protuberance in Tanya's panties seemed to plateau, Ms.
Kraft hooked a finger into each side of the flimsy garment and
slowly pulled them down. Again, Lucy was moved to gasp in
surprise for the turgid cylinder now standing stiffly outward
from Tanya's pubic mound was easily as big as her little finger.
It was lightly pink in hue and tapered to a delicate point.

"Magnificent indeed." repeated the warden. As the handsome woman
slid two fingers along side the base of Tanya's clit, spreading
the plump lips apart, Lucy could see that she was becoming
aroused. A flush had spread over her forehead and below, the
incredible fleshy appendage between her legs was now stirring as
though coming awake. It twitched almost imperceptibly and then,
beneath Lucy's fascinated gaze it began to swell and unfurl,
rising until it stood out proudly from the warden's shaven groin.

Tanya, her eyes half closed, moaned to herself as the woman
stimulated her turgid clit, but Lucy's eyes were firmly fixed on
the incredible sight between the warden's legs. Her clit, in
contrast to Tanya's, was bulbous at the end and it was now
mottled an angry purple as it throbbed into unbelievable
hardness. It was slick with the warden's secretions now and it
appeared to glisten beneath the soft lights in the room. Lucy
swallowed deeply, her arousal a hard little knot in the pit of
her stomach.

"The clitoris is an amazing organ." the warden began. Her tone
was that of someone commencing a well- practiced lecture but her
voice, Lucy noted, was a little strained and hoarse. She turned
slightly at that moment, bringing her hips close to Tanya's and
then she brought the tip of her clit up against the teenager's
causing both females to jerk slightly as the pulsing cylinders
came into contact. For a moment she held herself in place and
then began to move her hips slowly, making the head of her
engorged clit slide up and down the length of Tanya's. "The
sensitivity is every bit as great as in the male counterpart,"
she continued as Tanya sighed deeply at the sensations. "But. "
she added, her voice tight and forced, "it is also just as
practical in every way."

As she spoke these words, Ms. Kraft released Tanya and stepped
over to Lucy, locking her gaze with the trembling girl's. She
moved in between the outspread legs and reached down, sliding her
hands beneath Lucy's thighs and raising them slightly so that her
hips rolled back, exposing the slippery wetness of her swollen
genital folds. Lucy was nervous still, but the power of her
arousal overwhelmed this feeling and she moaned softly as Ms.
Kraft moved closer still and the shiny, bulbous tip of her clit
brushed lightly over the delicate inner lips of her cunt. Her
eyes closed tightly shut as Ms. Kraft positioned herself at the
vestibule of her aching vagina and then she exhaled sharply as
the woman pushed her hips forward and slid deeply inside.

The feeling was incredibly, intoxicatingly wonderful. The
thickness of the throbbing cylinder thrust deep into her, filling
the slick, velvet warmth. As Ms. Kraft pushed her cunt tightly
against Lucy's, the girl could feel the bulbous tip graze the
plump, circular mouth of her cervix and she cried out and
delicious agony. For a moment, the warden held herself pressed
tightly in and then she withdrew and began to slide her hips back
and forth, fucking the excited teen with her huge, stiff clit.
She withdrew again and again, thrusting deeper with each stroke
and then, as Lucy whimpered beneath her, she suddenly went rigid,
bucking her hips as her orgasm exploded from within with
incredible force.

For a moment, Ms. Kraft remained still as thew final aftershocks
subsided and then she withdrew, shaking slightly. Her face was
glistening with perspiration and the hair that had fallen loosely
about her face was now plastered wetly to it. Lucy, unfulfilled
as yet, was still almost painfully aroused and the look of
longing on her pretty face made Ms. Kraft smile.

"Patience, my sweet," she whispered. "There's more to come."
Stepping back, the warden maneuvered Tanya between Lucy's legs,
her hand pressed against the teenager's delectable little bottom.
Lucy could see that the blonde girl was almost trembling with
anticipation and the sight of her arousal sent a shiver of
excitement through her loins. She spread her legs wider still
and, as Tanya was pressed toward her, Ms. Kraft reached her hand
between the two girls and used two fingers to open the swollen
outer lips of Lucy's cunt. "A little tighter for Tanya, I think,"
she added, somewhat cryptically.

As the hard little finger of Tanya's clitoris brushed against the
glistening wetness of Lucy's inner folds, Ms. Kraft carefully
maneuvered her so that the tip rested not against the entrance to
Lucy's vagina but instead against the much narrower opening of
her pee-hole. In a flash, Lucy suddenly comprehended the meaning
of the warden's last statement and, although the thought of what
was to happen alarmed her a little, it also excited her
tremendously. She braced herself as the tip pressed against the
tiny aperture and then gasped aloud as Tanya thrust against her.

For a moment or so, Tanya just allowed the tip of her clit to
play about the entrance to Lucy's urethra, sending delightful
shivers of pleasure through the young girl's entire nether
region, but then she pushed deeper, forcing the fleshy
protuberance inside the tight little orifice. Lucy had never been
penetrated here before and the sudden stretching of this virginal
hole was both painful and exquisitely pleasurable at the same
time. At the first pressure, the tip slid a half-inch or so into
the opening and then, with another thrust, Tanya slipped deeply
inside, burying the length of her impressive clit all the way to
the base. Lucy groaned in pleasure.

"Oh god. oh yes." she hissed, her teeth gritted tightly together.
The end of Tanya's clit had now pushed beyond the valve to her
bladder and a few spurts of urine burst out of her as Tanya
ground her pussy forward. The tip of Lucy's clit became pressed
between the fleshy pillows of Tanya's outer lips and they seemed
to grip her as the girl pushed forward with greater force. She
could feel the onset of her orgasm approaching and she cried out
as Tanya started to thrust back and forth, sliding in and out
with increasing speed.

As Tanya continued to press herself home again and again, Ms.
Kraft stepped behind her and grasped her hips, momentarily
stopping the action. Lucy, although almost lost in her ecstasy,
was just able to comprehend what was happening and she became
dimly aware that the warden was pressing herself tightly against
Tanya's rear-end. With a little thrill of excitement, she
realized that the woman was inserting monster clitoris into the
tight rectum of the lovely teenage blonde.

Tanya moaned loudly as the thickness of Ms. Kraft slipped into
her bottom and then she began thrusting again, alternately
sliding into Lucy and then impaling herself on the warden's
cock-size clit on the back stroke. Each time she thrust forward,
her pubic bone ground against Lucy's turgid clit and after only a
half- dozen strokes or so, the young girl suddenly climaxed with
incredible power. She cried out again, her urethra convulsing as
the waves burst though her and then a domino effect of sexual
pleasure brought the other two to climax at the same time. They
continued to rock together in delicious unison until the power
ebbed and then they collapsed, panting madly as they spent
themselves in wonderful, mind-numbing ecstasy.

Afterward, when the trio had dressed themselves again, Ms. Kraft
used the phone to call for an escort for Lucy. As they waited,
the handsome warden, her face still flush, took a sip from her
sherry and regarded Lucy thoughtfully.

"You know." she said, as though considering an idea. "I think it
might be time to begin Lucy on the electrical program. We can
begin tomorrow."

The End 
