The first thing that caught his attention when he woke up that morning was Wesley wrapped around him like he was a giant teddy bear. That wasn’t unusual though. The second was actually a compilation of things. The power was back on, the storm had cleared out, and it looked like it was well into morning already.

On the Enterprise, he was usually up at 05:00 on the nights that Wesley stayed over. He had to make sure Wesley was out of his quarters before the corridors started filling with people. It was nice to be able to sleep in with Wesley this morning, even though they had spent the entire previous day cuddling and making out. He couldn’t believe, that after all of that, he still had managed to sleep in.

He turned his head to look at Wesley. He was beautiful in the morning, his hair messed up instead of in that perfect part, his features completely relaxed, his mouth parted slightly. Will was glad that Wesley was a heavy sleeper as he worked at disentangling himself from the kid’s limbs.

He made to get out of bed, but paused and looked back down at Wesley. He really shouldn’t let this opportunity go to waste. Who knew how often they would get this. He settled back down next to Wesley, leaning on his elbow, placing his other hand next to Wesley’s head.

Carefully, so as not to wake him just yet, he leaned in and pressed a gentle kiss to one eyelid, and then the other. He moved down and pressed a kiss to the tip of his nose, and then down to his chin. Wesley sighed in his sleep.

Will traveled back up and placed a few kisses to Wesley’s forehead before moving on to one cheek, and then the other. Wesley was now smiling in his sleep.

Will braced himself on just his elbow, and moved the hand that had been next to Wesley’s head to his cheek, gently using his thumb to stroke it. He leaned in and pressed a brief kiss to Wesley’s lips. Then he did it again, lingering a little longer this time.

He kissed Wesley again, more forcefully this time, kissing him as if the kid were awake, but refraining from using his tongue until he actually was awake. His kisses became more feverent, when finally, Wesley groaned into his mouth, shifting them so they were facing each other, and deepening the kiss, eagerly responding to the way he had been woken up.

He placed one hand on the back of Will’s neck, and used the other to stroke up and down his back. They deepened the kiss even more. They took their time, exploring each other as if they had never kissed before, when Wesley pressed up against Will until their bodies were flush.

He gasped into Wesley’s mouth as Wesley started an achingly slow rocking against Will. Will moved the hand he had on Wesley’s back further down, stroking his backside, teasing at the edges of his briefs.

Wesley’s rocking increased in speed, and soon they were swallowing each other’s cries as they both found release.

Their kissing slowed and became less demanding as their breathing returned to normal. When they finally pulled apart, Wesley tucked his head against Will’s neck with a happy sigh, pressing his body impossibly close to Will’s.

Will held onto him tightly. He had wanted to take advantage of the morning they had together by waking Wesley up with kisses, but that had been intense. He kissed the top of Wesley’s head and whispered in his ear.

“Good morning.” Wesley huffed out a laugh.

“A guy could get used to waking up like that every morning.” Will laughed and held Wesley even tighter.

He’d have to part with Wesley soon. He’d have to make sure that they got Wesley cleaned up and back to his room before his mother returned. It was back to the real world for them, a place where he and Wesley couldn’t be together. Maybe someday, but for now, he and Wesley would just have to cherish these stolen moments.