In Another Haze
by LittleRobbie
post by litrob2000

IN ANOTHER HAZE – PART 3 – FRIDAY

By the time the ten pledges arrived back in their rooms on Thursday night, they had each received a text message from their pledge captains: FRIDAY IS COMMANDO DAY! YOU MUST WEAR A SHORT SKIRT – AT LEAST 4 INCHES ABOVE KNEE. NO PANTIES. POST AN UPSKIRT PHOTO EVERY HOUR. FUN FOR ALL!

Like her nine fellow pledges, Lily groaned reading this text. The last time she had gone commando was in high school while she was pledging for the cheerleading squad. She had ended up exposing her bare privates momentarily while walking home. Luckily, this was not captured on anyone’s phone camera, so she was grateful for the narrow escape. But now she had to do it all again.

Lily had a skirt that met the requirements – a dark blue pleated skirt that she paired with a light blue polo shirt. She had to stop herself from dipping into her underwear drawer for a pair of panties, then decided that she should get the first upskirt photo of the day out of way. She stood near her dorm room window so she would get good light and spread her legs slightly before taking the photo. Then she posted it to the sorority’s private Pinterest board and headed out to her first class.

Lily had a full day of classes on Friday, and they were spread all over campus, so she ended up walking between classes quite a bit, and the fresh air on her bare butt and vulva gradually developed into an intense paranoia that everyone she met could see her naked privates. She was quietly blushing for most of the day, but she managed to get her eight upskirt photos done, mostly in restroom stalls in between classes. At 5:00, there was another group text: ONE LAST TASK BEFORE YOU ARRIVE AT THE SORORITY HOUSE. GET TWO BOYS TO SIGN YOUR ASS – ONE ON EACH CHEEK – WITH LIPSTICK. TAKE SELFIES OF THEM DOING IT.

Great, thought Lily, I have only thirty minutes to find two boys and get two signatures on my bare butt. She steered herself to the student center in the hope of finding a couple of students quickly. The first boy she saw, she approached rather secretively. “Excuse me, could I ask you to sign my butt?”

He thought he must have misunderstood. “Sorry, sign your what?”

“I’m pledging a sorority, and I need to get signatures on my butt. Here’s a lipstick.” She gave him the lipstick, turned to her left, and lifted her skirt to reveal her bare right cheek.

“We’re a little shy in the underwear department, don’t you think?”

“Well, yeah, no panties today. Sorority rules. Signature, please?”

“Okay, here goes.” With that, he laid his left hand on the upper part of her cheek while he signed with his right hand, so he got a little feel in while doing her the favor.

Lily said, “Here’s my phone. Could you take a selfie with your signature for me?” She heard the click and checked the photo. “Okay, thanks so much.” He gave back the lipstick, but she had to actually reach back and physically remove his left hand from her butt. He chuckled and walked away.

Lily hunted down another boy, this one in the café. He was sitting alone at one of the dining tables, watching his cell phone.

“Sorry to bother you, but I need you to sign my butt, please.”

“Oh, yeah? Sign your butt, huh? Maybe. What’ll you give me to do that?”

“Um, I dunno, a kiss? Will that work?”

“Yeah, come here.” She sat down next to him, leaned toward him, and gave him a brief kiss on the lips. “Sorry, I need a bit more than that.” This time, she held the kiss for about ten seconds, and she could feel him melt a little bit. “That’s better, I enjoyed that. Now, where’s this ass but I’m supposed to sign?”

Lily stood back up, got her lipstick out, and lifted up the side of her skirt to expose her left cheek.

“Really? That’s all you’re gonna show me? No, no, no. Lean over the table.”

Lily was tired of his games, but she needed to wrap this up quickly or else she would be late to the sorority house. She leaned forward so her elbow were flat on the table. She felt his hands lifting her skirt up to her waist. “What no panties? Beautiful! You have a very sexy ass, you know that?” He was getting a bit loud, and she worried that other students nearby could hear.

“Yes, okay, whatever you say. Just please sign.”

“Okay, okay, I just really want to take in this view. It’s really. . .”

“PLEASE! Just sign, please!”

She felt his right hand land on her right cheek while he signed her left cheek with his left hand. Then he handed her lipstick back.

“Thanks, now please just take a selfie with my ass, using my phone.”

“I will, I will.” She heard the click of the photo, then the “gulp” sound of him sending a message.

“Wait, did you just send yourself that photo?”

“I did, and I’ll cherish it always. Have a nice day, beautiful pledge.” With that, he was gone.

Lily was steamed and deflated, and it took her a few seconds to realize that she was lying half naked over one of the dining tables. She heard a couple of nearby students burst out laughing. She quickly got up, brushed her skirt down, and took off for the sorority house. When she arrived – just two minutes before her 5:30 deadline – she posted her two signature selfies to the Pinterest board. At least that’s over with.

Lily, Emma, and Billie were met in the main room by Erika, who sent them down to the basement for dinner, and then got them started on the evening’s events. The pledges were to report individually to the Psi Kappa Alpha fraternity house over the next thirty minutes. While they were there, they were to follow all instructions of the fraternity brothers at all times. They were not allowed to leave the fraternity house until the boys released them. There would be DBD sorority members in the house to make sure the boys didn’t step over the line (although she didn’t explain what “over the line” meant).

Fifteen minutes later, Lily was called to make the walk to the fraternity house; it was one block away and on the other side of the street. Lily walked up their sidewalk path and stepped up onto the large covered front porch. The front door was closed, and there was a piece of paper taped to the door:

PLEDGE, BEFORE YOU ARE ADMITTED TO THE PSI KAPPA ALPHA HOUSE YOU MUST CHANGE YOUR TOP TO ONE THAT WILL BE PROVIDED FOR YOU. YOU MUST FIRST REMOVE THE TOP AND THE BRA YOU ARE WEARING AND SLIDE THEM THROUGH THE MAIL SLOT. THEN RING THE DOORBELL AND WAIT. SOMEONE WILL ANSWER THE DOOR AND PROVIDE YOU WITH A NEW TOP.

Lily took a deep breath and began pulling up her polo shirt. She slipped the shirt over her head and dropped it on the plank floor next to her. Then she reached behind her back and unhooked her bra before sliding it down her arms and dropping it on the pile. Lily reddened as she felt the cool outside air on her bare breasts. She stuffed her clothes through the mail slot, pressed the doorbell, and turned her back to the street.

It seemed like fifteen minutes before the door opened, although it was really only a few minutes. A young fraternity boy came outside and handed her a white tee shirt to put on, which she did as quickly as she could. The shirt was very tight and short on her, easily exposing the outline of her breasts and nipples as well as her bare midriff. The fraternity boy couldn’t take his eyes off her as she changed her top. Finally, he let her in through the front door.

Lily followed him through the entry and down a flight of stairs to the basement level. She found herself in a small den-like space furnished with a sofa and a couple of soft chairs. There were four frat boys in the room, and one of them, who was on the sofa, spoke first. “Pledge, come over here and kneel down in front of me.”

Lily complied without saying anything.

“So tell us, pledge, how are your sucking skills?”

“Sorry?”

He gave her a semi-playful slap across her cheek. “You heard me. Do you give good head?”

“Uh, y-yes, I guess.”

“Hm. Not a very convincing answer. Let’s try a little demonstration. Take my middle finger in your mouth and do everything to it that you would ordinarily do to a dick. Got it, pledge?”

“I understand, sir.”

“I want your little pretend blow job to be so sexy that I have an erection for ten minutes straight. If it isn’t, I’m going to turn you over my knee and give you an embarrassing punishment right here in front of my brothers. Now, go!”

Lily had never sucked on a finger before, but she tried pretending that this was really just a very small dick. She ran her lips up and down its length, with her tongue licking the underside. Then she tried swirling her tongue around the finger as sensually as she could before returning to lick the underside and the fingernail “head”. And she tried varying the pace and the pressure.

After ten minutes, her frat boy pushed her face away and announced, “Slut, I’m soft here. You give very poor head, I’m afraid. Crawl up over my knee.”

Lily obeyed and found herself with her rear end pointed straight up. He reached over and pushed her skirt up over her waist, brushing his hand across her naked butt in the process. Then he ordered her to separate her legs, which exposed her vulva and anus to the group. This was a higher level of humiliation than she had ever known before, and she could feel herself shaking. Her frat boy said, “No, I’m not going to spank you, although if you don’t behave right now, I will definitely give you a spanking. I have something else in mind. Just hold still and take your medicine.”

With that, Lily felt something cold pressing against her anus. It was a butt plug, and it was larger than she had ever tried. He forced it into position until her anus closed around the neck, keeping it in place.

“Pretty soon, pledge, you should be feeling a little burn down in your butt hole. I liberally coated the butt plug with menthol toothpaste, and it usually gives a nice burn for an hour or so. Feeling anything yet?”

Lily stood up and brushed her skirt down. She did, indeed, start feeling the burning effects of the menthol in her butt. She desperately wanted to reach back and remove it, but her tormentor reminded her, “Remember, pledge, keep your hands at your sides at all times.”

“Yes, sir, I will, sir.”

“Follow me. Let’s take a little trip to the back yard.” With that, she followed him up the stairs, down a hallway and out the back door. The fraternity house had a generous back yard surrounded by a short fence. There were eight or nine fraternity boys out there, waiting for the next pledge to appear. Lily was now in distress – the burning was getting worse, in addition to the discomfort of the too-large butt plug. And she had to agree to every command the fraternity boys gave her.

“Next up, the hula hoop contest! How are your hula hoop skills, pledge?”

“Hula hoop? About average, I guess” She actually hadn’t played with a hula hoop since she was about twelve.

“Ah! Here’s your opponent now!” Next out the back door was Billie, her fellow pledge. Like Lily, she was completely naked and looking very uncomfortable. Lily guessed that she was also a recipient of menthol toothpaste butt plug. Two fraternity boys led Lily and Billie out to the middle of the back yard, about ten feet apart. They could feel the cool grass underfoot.

Lily noticed that the fence surrounding the fraternity back yard was only about four feet high, so it was relatively easy for people in the neighboring back yards to view in. Word must have gotten out, because there were already several students on each side yard, ready to observe the festivities.

“The hula hoop contest goes like this: the girl who is able to keep her hula hoop going the longest wins a point. Whoever gets to five points first wins the match. The loser must perform a penalty for the enjoyment of the fraternity – and our neighbors.” Small cheers went up from the neighbors.

That was enough warning for Lily. She did NOT want any more penalties, on top of whatever else was planned for the evening at the fraternity house. Both girls were handed their hula hoops, and a whistle sounded for them to begin the first point.

Lily and Billie began their first turn, and they both instantly realized that playing hula hoops – hips constantly moving forward and back – totally intensified the burning in their butts. Forcing them to play this game was diabolical. Lily could not sustain her play for more than about 20 seconds in each point, whereas Billie somehow gritted through it and ended up winning the first five points. Lily was going to get a penalty.

A fraternity boy materialized and collected the hula hoops. Lily and Billie were directed to a picnic table, where they were told to lean forward with their hands on the table and spread their legs until their feet were about three feet apart.

A fraternity boy stepped forward and announced, “Ladies and Gentlemen, the winner of our first hula hoop game of the day is pledge BJ!” He then reached in and slowly eased out Billie’s butt plug and sent her back inside the house. “The loser is pledge Willy.” He turned and removed Lily’s butt plug, although in her case, he also raised her skirt up and tucked it in above her waist. “Willy earned herself a punishment, and we like to take care of punishments right away. So, Willy, stay right where you are. The first part of your punishment involves a paddling. How many swats should she receive, I wonder? Tell you what, Willie, we’ll let you decide your own fate. Here is a single dice for you to throw on the picnic table here. Whatever number you roll, we will multiply by five. Roll away!”

Lily knew her punishment would be harsh, but getting paddled while half naked, outdoors in front of other students was way worse than she was hoping for. She picked up the dice and rolled a four.

“That’s twenty swats for pledge Willy!” Cheering from the crowd. “Psi Kappa Alpha brother Dan has won the right to administer the punishment, so go to it!”

Lily looked over to see a very handsome blond-headed guy step forward with a frat paddle in his hand. He held up both arms and got a big applause from his brothers. He stopped behind Lily and felt obliged to give her some directions for her paddling.

“Willy, sweetheart, let’s have you bend down more and push your cute little ass back toward me.” She obeyed. “Now, arch your back a bit more.” She obeyed again, now made more aware of how painful her ass still was from the toothpaste. Her tormentor took his time, acting like a baseball player warming up his swing before stepping to the plate.

He announced to the crowd, “Brothers and neighbors! Help Willy out here by counting the swats for her. Okay?” Cheers went up instantly. “Okay! Here we go!”

WHAP!!

“OW, Jesus!” Lily was startled at the sting.

“One!”

WHAP!!

“OWWW”

“Two!”

Dan was savoring every minute of this. He was allowing enough time in between swats for the sting to set in and linger a bit before the next swat, and he never sped up. Lily was dying of humiliation, and she was sweating and hot from the paddling AND the remaining toothpaste discomfort. She thought this would never be over, but eventually the crowd shouted, “Twenty!” and Dan raised his arms again and accepted his applause.

Another frat boy stepped forward until he was only a few feet behind Lily. “Willy, stay right where you are, don’t move a muscle. We’re all pretty sure that your butt must be hot as hell right now, isn’t that right?”

Lily got out, “Yes, sir.”

“Yes, sir, what?”

“Yes, sir, my butt is hot as hell.”

“Well, then let’s cool you down!” Lily hadn’t noticed, but this frat boy had wheeled out a large water cooler. He bent down to fill two pitchers and slowly poured both pitchers full of ice-cold water right down Lily’s butt crack. Lily screamed and jumped – the water was colder than she could have imagined. It felt like she was being stabbed in the butt. The frat boy then repeated filling and pouring the ice-cold pitchers again, this time all over Lily’s butt.

“How’s that Lily? Did that cool you off enough, or shall we do more?”

“N – no! It’s fine now, really! Thank you for cooling me off, sir.”

Lily started to ask for a towel, but the frat boy interrupted, “We’re a little short of towels, so how about you remain here in the back yard and air dry before coming back inside. Oh, and I think you’ll air dry faster if you run a few laps around the back yard. Sound good to you, pledge?”

“Yes, sir. Air dry, sir.”

“Okay! Well, get going!”

Lily started her run around the perimeter of the lawn, with her butt still exposed and with her breasts visibly bouncing within her tight tee shirt. This was in plain view of the frat brothers and the neighboring onlookers, and it was on top of the pain from her paddling and the discomfort from the toothpaste.

It took five laps of the back yard before Lily felt she was dry enough to go back inside. She reported to the frat boy who dumped the ice water and asked if she could come in now. He responded, “I think you’re dry enough now, so come on in. Don’t you think I deserve a thank-you kiss for cooling you off?”

“Oh, yes, sir, thank you so much.” Lily gave him a timid kiss on the lips, which seemed to satisfy him. He then turned her shoulders and guided her back inside the fraternity house, with her skirt still tucked up in the back. She was led upstairs to another small lounge, and she was introduced to five other fraternity brothers, all of whom were clad in shorts and tee shirts.

“Brothers, meet Willy, who just completed five naked laps of the back yard. A true exhibitionist if ever I saw one. Willy, how about showing off your ruby-red ass!”

“Yes, sir.” Lily moved to the middle of the room, raised her arms above her head, and did several slow, embarrassing turns. In doing so, she noticed that Erika and another sorority girl were also in the room – they had joined the frat boys for this next session. Erika stepped forward to announce, “That is one red ass, Willy, congratulations! Okay, thank you, and you may now untuck your skirt and let it back down.” Lily did, and she was relieved to be allowed to cover her butt again.

“Now, pledge, let’s get you started on the next challenge with the Psi Kappa Alpha boys. You’ll really enjoy this game – it’s called ‘Five Dates’. In this little bowl are five numbered slips of paper, each of which represents a little challenge you will accept with one of these boys. Each fraternity brother will draw a slip to see which one gets which date. I will now pass the bowl.” With that, she moved around the room giving each frat boy a chance to draw a number.

“Okay, which of you has drawn Number One?”

One of the boys raised his hand. He was very young-looking, with sandy hair. “That’s me, I’m Keith. So, what does this mean?”

Erika read from a handwritten rulebook. “Date One: The pledge will demonstrate some calisthenic and stretching exercises as directed by the fraternity brother. This exercise session will last fifteen minutes, and when it is over, the fraternity brother will give the pledge a grade, from one to ten, based on how hard she tried.

Keith was thoughtful for a moment, then perked right up. “Um, okay, Willy! We all had a chance to see your talent with the hula hoop earlier, so maybe you’re ready for a little yoga. I’d like to see you do Downward Dog.”

Lily was afraid he’d pick that one. She sighed but smiled. With her legs straight, she bent at the waist and leaned forward until her hands were flat on the floor and her rear end was raised high in the air.

https://www.yogabasics.com/asana/downward-facing-dog/

Lily could feel all of the eyes in the room staring at her raised butt, which was barely covered by her short skirt. Soon Erika approached, ran her hand up in between Lily’s legs, and inserted her lubricated index finger into her butt hole and kept it there while Lily continued with her downward dog. Every so often Erika swished her finger inside Lily’s butt hole. This humiliation continued as everyone in the room laughed at Erika’s prank.

After a few minutes of this embarrassment, Erika pulled out of Lily’s butt hole, and Keith switched her to jumping jacks to demonstrate Lily’s breast bouncing action. Though her tits were only B cups, they gave a very embarrassing bounce inside of her sheer tee shirt. After about five minutes of jumping jacks, her breasts were starting to get painful, and the expression on her face probably tipped off her discomfort, so Keith switched her to another yoga pose – the Bridge.

https://www.yogabasics.com/asana/bridge/

Every time Lily raised her butt, Keith gave her mound a big sexy rub with the palm of his hand. By the time Lily had done about 30 Bridges, her clitoris had gotten very puffy and wet. And the fifteen minutes were up.

“Keith, here is a grade sheet for this pledge; I’ll collect it when we’re done with all five dates. So, who has Number Two?”

“That’s over here!” He was tall and thin with dark hair down to his shoulders. “I’m Logan.”

“Date Two: The pledge will perform a lap dance for the fraternity boy. He will keep his hands to himself. The pledge will be graded on how hot her dance is. Got it? Okay, go!”

Lily considered herself a good dancer, but she had never tried anything like this, even in the solitude of her dorm room. She was going to have to make it up as she went along. The music started – it looked like Erika had this all prepared – a Prince song that Lily was familiar with. Logan looked excited by the prospect of his date with Lily. He pulled out an armless chair, set it in the middle of the room, and sat down waiting for the dancing to begin.

Lily started by bumping and grinding right in front of him, with her legs on either side of his legs. After a few minutes, she pulled herself forward until her breasts were almost cradling his face, using her hands to massage her barely-covered breasts. Finally, she leaned back and aggressively lowered herself so that she was dry humping his shorts-clad penis with her now-swollen clitoris. She needed this dance to be convincingly sexy, and there was only so much faking she was capable of, so she closed her eyes, tilted her head back, and provided as much friction as she could. It was the longest fifteen minutes she had ever experienced, and by the end she was breathless, hot, and gleaming with sweat.

The boys in the room were really enjoying this, but Erika had to call out, “Time’s up, Miley Cyrus. Logan, here’s your grade sheet to fill out. Now we’re ready for Date Three.”

One of the boys raised his hand. He was a little pudgy with freckles and curly but thinning red hair. “That’s me. I’m number three.”

Erika returned to the handwritten rulebook. “Date Three: The pledge will engage in a romantic make-out session with the fraternity boy, touching and caressing only, no further than second base. The pledge will be graded on how big she makes his hard-on. Mmmm, yummy! Willy, let’s get to it!”

All Lily could think was, OMG, let’s get this over with. The boy looked eager. “Hi, I’m Mason, and you look like you could be very sexy to make out with.”

“Hi, Mason. Yes, I am. Where do you want me?”

“Right here,” he said patting his lap. Lily gingerly sat sideways in his lap and brushed her skirt back; she felt the fabric of his shorts rubbing against her bare butt cheeks. She reminded herself that she needed to get a good grade on this, so she leaned into Mason and performed some of the sexiest kissing she could imagine, starting out tenderly with soft lips and gradually progressing to some modest tongue. She tried to imagine that he was her lover in order to charge herself up, but it was difficult to ignore the audience of boys and girls who were mimicking love-making sounds and snickering.

Mason returned her kisses somewhat awkwardly, with little skill or tenderness. He wrapped his arms around her with big bear hugs and quickly progressed to rubbing and petting with his soft hands all over her, starting with her breasts and moving down over her stomach. Then he let his hands stray under her skirt and started hungrily cupping her butt cheeks and lightly brushing her vulva, for which she tried to accommodate him by spreading her legs a bit, but he respected the second base rule and didn’t try for finger penetration. Eventually, he moved down along her thighs before the fifteen minutes were up.

Erika said, “Mason and Willy, your time’s up. Guess you’ll have to continue this lovefest at a later date!” More snickering from the audience. “Who is Number Four?”

“It’s me, Josh!” announced a tall kid with dark curly hair.

“Date Four: pledge is to perform a sexy handjob to the lucky fraternity brother. Boy should not be allowed to climax until the last one minute of the fifteen-minute duration. Pledge will be graded on how desperate to cum he is. Oooh, fun!”

“Alright!” said Josh, “let’s get to it, pledge!”

Lily despaired that these dates were continuing to get more and more humiliating. And there was still one more to go after this. But she sucked it up and got to work on Josh.

“Okay, Josh, stand up, please.” She knelt down and reached up to undo his belt, then slid his shorts down to his ankles and off. Then she pulled his tidy-whitey briefs down and off. His penis was long, thin, and slightly curved upwards. “Oh, Josh, that’s a very sexy penis you’ve got there!” trying to sound as sincere as she could.

Lily gave his dick a soft petting, and she tickled tenderly under his scrotum as well. Then she began to slowly and lovingly caress his penis, making sure not to get him too hot too soon. She realized that she had to keep him hot and hard until the fourteen-minute mark. He seemed like he might be a quick-cummer, so she lightened her touch, which had the effect of seriously frustrating Josh’s sex drive. He groaned loudly and complained, “Faster, pledge, I need to cum!”

The other fraternity boys in the room were really enjoying this and began cheering Josh on. “C’mon, Josh, you can do it! Jizz her right now!”

Lily was going slowly, worried that he would cum too quickly and get her into trouble. She started pausing every few strokes and lightly squeezing his testicles to see if she could delay the orgasm. Finally, Erika announced, “Only one minute remaining. Better get him off in the next sixty seconds, pledge!”

The crowd was really getting into this now. “Let’s go, Josh, splash her good!” Lily increased her pressure and sped up her strokes, and pretty soon he exploded cum all over her hands. Congratulatory cheering from the other boys!

Erika squealed with joy! “Fabulous, Willy, you are a handjob queen! I’m sure you want to clean that jizz off your hands, but I think it’ll be more fun to leave it there, don’t you? I thought so. Josh, here’s your score sheet for Willy for Date Four. Let’s move on to Date Five!”

“I’m Five, right here!” Good looking Black guy with a shaved head.

“Here we go, I think we’re all going to enjoy this one. Date Five: fraternity brother licks the pledge to orgasm, but she must not cum until she is given permission by me. Pledge will be graded on how soaking wet she becomes. Okay, this I gotta see!”

“Willy, I’m Noah, and you look hot!”

“Hi, Noah, I’m happy to meet you!” She needed to score points, being down to the last date. “I mean, I’m REALLY happy to meet you. My pussy is all yours!”

“Okay, let’s get you set up here. Guys, bring that small dining table over here to the middle of the room.” This table was made of wood and fairly heavy. Once it was in the center of the room, Noah picked up Willy and set her down with her butt on the edge of the table facing him, with her legs reaching down to the floor. He directed her to lean back so she was lying on her back on the table, and at the same time, he lifted her legs so that they were pointed up toward the ceiling. This, of course, caused her skirt to fall, exposing her butt cheeks to the room. Then he had his fellow frat brothers hold her in place – one boy holding each arm down onto the table, and one boy holding each leg up.

Noah pushed Lily’s legs farther apart, so that her vulva was fully open and available – already very pink, very swollen, and very moist. Lily could not believe she was willingly offering up her sex like this; she was now way past feeling embarrassed and just wanted to get as high a score as possible – and maybe even enjoy herself on this date.

Noah ran his fingers up and down Lily’s inner thighs several times, which got her moaning a bit and seemed to relax her vulva. He then used his fingers to gently part her labia, and Lily gasped and gulped loudly. Noah then leaned forward and began to tickle her clitoris with the tip of his tongue. Lily had received cunnilingus before, but Noah seemed particularly adept.

Noah continued to work on Lily, alternating tickling her clit with running his tongue up and down from vagina to clit. After a few minutes of this, Lily was getting visibly worked up. Erika interjected, “Don’t forget, Willy, you are not allowed to cum unless I give you permission.”

Lily’s eyes popped open. OMG, she was ready now! “Sister, may I please cum now?”

“Hmm, let me see. Ummmmmmm, NO! Not yet, pledge, just control yourself a bit longer. We’re all really enjoying this, by the way.”

What!? Lily couldn’t believe that Erika could be this cruel! How was she going to keep her orgasm under control with Noah’s excellent tongue technique? Now he put his whole open mouth over her labia and began swirling the tip of his tongue around her clitoris. Lily’s whole body was sweating and vibrating at this point, and she suddenly realized once again that there were frat boys holding down her arms and holding up her legs. This bondage-like sensation sent her up another level, and she felt her explosion approaching fast.

“Sister, PLEASE! May I cum now? I REALLY have to cum!”

“I don’t think so, pledge. This is just too much fun for us. We’d like to see you suffer a little longer.”

NOOO! Lily was nearing the point of no return and was trying to keep her orgasm in check, but after a few more tongue swirllies, she couldn’t stop herself. A giant orgasm – the biggest she had ever felt – rocked her whole body. “Ohhh! OHHH! NOOO!” She quickly realized that she had disobeyed Erika by cumming without permission.

“Willy! How could you? We were having such a good time watching you torture yourself! That’s a penalty for you.”

“Yes, sister. Sorry, sister.”

“Noah, you can let the poor slut down from the table now, and here is your grade sheet. Willy, we are now going to tally the grades from your five dates. While we’re doing that, I want you to stand in the middle of the room, use both hands to grab the bottom hem of your tee shirt, and raise it up to give everyone a final view of your very ordinary boobs.”

Lily didn’t think it was possible for her to feel any more humiliated today, but this simple pose – with her breasts completely exposed and everyone else in the room fully clothed – was actually the worst part of the evening for her.

After five long minutes, Erika stood up. “Willy, your total score for the evening was 38 out of 50 possible points. You needed a 40 or higher to avoid a penalty, so this score gives you another penalty – in addition to the penalty you earned in Date Four. Lower your hands and say thank you to the Psi Kappa Alpha boys, then we’ll go downstairs.”

Lily lowered her tee shirt and smiled as best she could. “Thank you, boys.”

They chuckled, “Yeah, hope we see more of you!”

Erika led Lily downstairs and down the corridor to the back yard. It was early fall, so it was still very light outside even though it was early evening. There were about ten fraternity boys hanging out there, with snacks and drinks, and there were a couple dozen onlookers from the neighboring back yards.

Erika announced, “Boys, you probably remember Willy here, the hula hoop queen? She just completed the Five Dates game, and she managed to accumulate two penalties. So, let’s take care of the first penalty right now. Willy, follow me.” She led Lily to the very center of the back yard lawn. “I want you to lie down on the grass, face down, right here.”

Lily obeyed, with her head toward the fraternity house. She was wondering what was next.

“Hands above your head and spread out wide. Boys, do you have those tent pegs and rope I asked you about earlier?”

“Oh, yeah! We’re ready!”

“Great! So, please pound those tent pegs into the ground and tie her wrists so they’re stretched out wide.”

Lily looked up to see two very long tent pegs being hammered into the ground just beyond where her wrists were. The boys then tied her wrists securely to the tent pegs with soft cotton rope.

Erika continued, “Perfect! Now please do the same with her ankles. Spread ‘em and stake ‘em!” Pretty soon, Lily found herself spreadeagled face down in the middle of the back yard.

“Looking good, guys, thanks! So, Willy, your first penalty is to lie here in the grass for the enjoyment of the brothers here. The Psi Kappa Alpha boys have been kind enough to offer to take care of you while you are all tied up like this. Isn’t that nice of them, Willy?”

“Yes, it is, sister. Thank you, brothers.” This whole thing did not sound very good to her.

Erika interjected, “Oh, I almost forgot, could I get one of our fraternity brothers to uncover Willy’s butt? Just lift her skirt up past her waistline?” No problem getting volunteers for that little task. Now Lily’s bare butt was exposed to everyone looking on. “Willy, lift up your butt so they can lift your skirt front also. This way, if you need to pee, you can just go right ahead. No need to get up.” Chuckling all around. Lily was very much hoping that this penalty would be completed soon; she hated having her naked butt – and vulva – exposed to all of these students and onlookers.

Erika continued, “Willy, I’m now going to hand you over to Rob and Michael, who might just have a nice surprise for you.”


Lily felt two boys kneel down on each side of her butt. She heard the pop of a plastic top, and the next thing she felt was cool liquid in her butt crack. The boys then went to work, massaging body oil all over her butt, legs, and feet. Then, their fingers slid into her butt crack and even down into her butt hole, which they massaged thoroughly for several minutes. Next thing she knew, they were massaging the oil into her vagina and clitoris.

“Umm – umm” escaped Lily’s lips without her even realizing it. This sexy massage was starting to turn her on, despite the humiliating circumstances. Then, at Erika’s direction, they stopped and stood up.

Erika teased, “What was that, pledge? You’re not enjoying this, are you? Being half naked out in the middle of the yard like this?”

“Umm – nooooo,” was all Lily could manage.

Erika piped up, “Well, that’s too bad, because your second penalty starts right now. You are to remain here in this position, staked out, bare assed, overnight.”

Lily couldn’t believe what she had just heard. “What? No! All night? No, I can’t!” Much cheering and jeering from the fraternity boys.

“So sorry, pledge (snicker). Have a nice night. I’ll come and untie you in the morning.”

Lily looked up to see about a dozen fraternity boys practically rubbing their hands together as they considered what they might do to her between now and the morning. She dropped her head in shamed submission.
