Voyeur Husband.

By Jeevan jeevan80@hotmail.com

Dear readers,

Thanks for encouraging me by giving nice feedback and
positive guidance. A lady wrote me that I am a perfect
partner for sex. A couple said they had tremendous
orgasm after reading my story and then having sex. I
am really happy that I can help somebody to be happy.
I shall be happier if you readers can meet me in
person to discuss everything and anything they want to
and even try out the things you missed.

Now this happened when I was about 30 yr. of age. I
was married but was always willing to try out
different things. Once my friend Prakash told me that
he had met a person who was interested in seeing his
wife getting fucked by somebody else. First I did not
believe him and thought he was joking.  He said, "
Sunil, I told Rajan (the husband) that you have got
nice 9 inch cock and he would love to watch all of it
go in his wife's pussy. So are you willing Sunil?" How
could I miss this opportunity to try out this unique
request. My friend Prakash had small 4 inch cock and
Rajan wanted someone with big cock to fuck his wife.
And what a chance! She had just delivered a child
one-month back. So Prakash and my self went to Rajan's
house one Saturday night.

Rajan was 5' 6" tall, with nice physique and was happy
to meet me. Before introducing me to his wife he
wanted to confirm that I was really well hung as was
told to him by Prakash. I hesitated but told him its
OK and unzipped my pants and pulled out my semi-erect
cock for him to see. Rajan saw my cock and asked me
how big it gets when hard? I told him that it is about
9 inch long and more than 2 inch in dia When fully
hard. He was not satisfied, as my cock was just 5
inches in semi-erect state. He came to me and caught
hold of my cock and started to rub it. It began to
grow and soon it was hard and stood proud 9 inches up.
He said that he was sorry, but he just had to make
sure as his wife was fond of big cock.  he told me to
put it in pant again. He then called his wife, Rajani.

Rajani came with her head covered with pallo ( sari)
and bowed down like very decent lady. She was wearing
pink sari and peacock blue colour blouse. The sari was
tightly wrapped and the blouse was fitting tightly
too. She was fair, with nice big, brown eyes, straight
nose, high cheek bones and small lips. She had nice
big boobs ( 38 may be full with milk), 26 waist and 37
ass. She looked real sexy. My cock went up again and
stood up hard and the big bulge was clearly visible.
Rajan introduced us to his wife and told her that we
were staying overnight at their house. Hearing this
she was happy and looked at my big bulge greedily. Her
hubby understood this and went to her, kissing her and
telling something in her ear. Her face lit up and she
smiled at me. "Deverji, Kya aap ko meri sari mast
lagi? (did you like the sari I am wearing?)", she
asked removing it and spreading it before me. OH she
turned around, unwinding the sari from her body
showing us the heave boobs and her stomach. Seeing
this my cock strained against the pants. Prakash too
was excited and started to rub his cock over the
pants. Rajani threw the sari away and started to
remove her blouse. It was too much for me and I
removed my pants. I had trunks inside which showed my
bulging cock. Now Rajan went to his wife and removed
her blouse from the body, he then held her boobs from
below and lifted them up held them together.

"Dekho Sunil, sali ke balls kitne mast hai! Dabane me
kitna majja ayyega. Dekho nipples kitne bade hai! Baby
doodh pita hai tum bhi piyo! Bibi ko chodne  ke liye
mast land hona Kyo Ranjani?" Rajan said. ( See, her
big boobs, nice pleasure in pressing them,baby drinks
milk from this will you drink too? Wife loves fucking
with big cock, isn't it Rajani?).  This made us
excited and I went to Rajani and embraced her tightly.
Rajan and Prakash both went away and sat on the chairs
watching us. Rajani was very passionate and she too
held me tightly pressing her breasts on my chest. I
kissed her and pushed my tongue in her mouth. She was
real hot number and she too caught my tongue and
played with it, rubbing her hands on my back and
pushing my shirt away. I too caressed her smooth back
and now started to chew her lower lip, taking all of
it in my mouth. This made her squirm and rub her lower
body hard on my cock. I continued to tease her and now
kissed her straight nose, running my tongue all along
the length of it. She had now put her hand inside my
briefs and caught hold of my cock. I knew she was
getting excited, but wanted to make a nice show for
her voyeur husband and Prakash too. I now kissed her
fore head and then caught her ear lobes and chewed on
them. OOHHH she jumped and pulled my cock harder. "
OOhhAAHHHh ooooo Deverji, aap ka mota land muze de do,
aab maat tarasao, mai pagal ho jaungi. Dekho mera pati
kitna majese dekh raha hai. Saale ko muze chodte hue
dekhane me majja aaata ahi! Devarjiiiiii tumhara land
mast hai muze choosne do na?" Rajani said. (OOHh
Bro-in-law, give me your big cock,don't tease me I
will go madd! See how my hubby watches. He likes to
watch me getting fucked.....).

Her Hubby Shouted, '" Rajani mere dost ka land chooso,
poora ka poora andar le lo aur jeebh se chato. Uske
aand( scrotum) chooso. Bada mota land hai meri rani
ccchhhossooo! Poora ka poora muha me loooooo Randi"(
Suck my friends cock SLUT. Suck it all the way in your
mouth) On hearing this Rajani got very much excited
and ripped off my briefs and kneeling at my feet
caught my cock in her mouth without even touching it
with her hands. Oh the wife was very hot. She wrapped
her tongue around my cock and pushed it all the way
into her mouth till it touched her throat. Ohh it was
sosso nice to feel my sensitive cock head touching her
throat. I pushed my cock as if I were fucking her
mouth like a cunt. While sucking my cock she caught my
balls and tenderly rolled them in her palms. Sometimes
she just pulled them out causing me jerk with the
feeling. With my cock in her mouth I pushed her on the
floor and turned in a comfortable 69 position. We lay
in such a position that her hubby and Prakash could
watch the cock and cunt easily. Now I could feel her
sucking my cock even harder and rubbing her boobs on
my belly at the same time. I felt warm milk oozing out
of her breasts and falling on my belly.  I pushed my
tongue in her pussy and licked her vaginal walls as
far as possible. Her vagina was muscular and hot and I
could feel it twitch on my tongue as it licked. While
licking her cunt I pushed my hand to her boobs and
squeezed her right boob hard. The breast was soft and
fleshy, the veins running on her boobs were prominent
and now swollen. I rolled the long nipple in my hand
only to feel the warm milk spraying out on my hand and
stomach. Rajan was very excited to see us in this
position, as he could see my tongue going in his
wife's vagina and his wife swallowing the entire cock
in her mouth. Now he could see milk coming out of his
wife's breasts and spread on her body, making it all
wet and shiny. Now watching this both Prakash and
Rajan had their cocks out of the pant and were rubbing
it slowly. I continued my attention on her cunt and
licked her clit, tickling it with the tip of my
tongue. She shivered and urged me to fuck her with my
cock and to drink the milk from her boobs to relieve
the fullness of it. I gave few licks to her ass hole
and even pushed my tongue inside of it. It tasted nice
and I rolled my tongue inside her ass feeling the
muscles of her ass pushing my tongue out. Now she had
sucked my cock to almost to the point of bursting and
I wanted to enjoy her body fully, so I decided to suck
the milk off her boobs. So I turned around, depriving
her mouth of my cock. Now my cock was over her cunt,
slightly rubbing on it. I now caught hold of her
breast and licked the entire orb, tasting the
sweetness of the spilled milk from her boobs. I took
the nipple in my mouth and sucked it and OOHHHH the
milk sprayed on my tongue. It was real sweet and I
envied the baby for drinking it daily. I drank her
milk like I was a baby at the same time the adult in
me pushed the hard cock in the wife's pussy.OHH it
entered in one single stroke since her pussy was fully
wet with all that cunt juice.

"Oohh aiiiiihhhh Oooooo Deverji muze chodo. Tumhara
bada land meri choot me jor se aander bahar karo. Mera
doodh piyo. Chooddoooooddoo ohh aiihaaa. Jor se
ghusedo ohhhh. Patidev, dekho tumhari bibi kaisa
chudati hai. DDEEEkkhhoooooooo. Ohh Prakash Dever,
tumhara land mere muha me dalo aur mere patidev ko
muze do-do land se khelte hue dekha ne do. Sala aapni
bibi ko dusre se chudata hai! Chhhchchchcooodddoododoo
Oohhhaiiiii !" Rajani talked so dirty and nasty to
excite her husband.

Prakash must be waiting for this and he hurriedly
thrust his small cock in his friend's wife's mouth.
Rajani greedily swallowed all of the cock and even
tried to take his balls inside. Now I started to fuck
Rajan's wife pushing my cock all the way in and out of
her wet, hot pussy. As we were enjoying the fucking
and sucking, Rajan was pulling at his cock in earnest.
We now heard the baby crying loudly. Rajan got up and
went inside to see the baby, rubbing his cock as he
walked. "Sali Randi jara baby ko doodh pilao. Nahi to
wo rote rahengi aur sara maja kharab hoga. Jaldi se
pila aur phir chod aur land choose." Rajan said
bringing the baby to his wife. (SLUT feed the baby
milk. Otherwise he will keep crying. then fuck and
suck peacefully later on.) But the mother was too busy
fucking under me and sucking the cock of Prakash to
feed the child. So Rajan brought the baby to the
breast of his wife and tried to feed it by pushing the
nipple in his mouth. But the baby was not comfortable.
So I asked Rajan to put the baby on the matting,
shifted Rajani on her side to feed the baby, without 
