I guess, despite everything that happened later, I should feel lucky we survived the shipwreck at all. My bride-to-be and I were on a cruise of the Pacific -- not one of those office-building sized luxury liners, a smaller ship where you get to know everyone on board. It was smooth sailing for the first few days, until we hit a big storm. We hit something, or that's what it felt like, at least. I'm not exactly a sailor, so I don't really know what happened, except that one minute Sara and I were sharing a bottle of wine and some lobster rolls, and the next we were on a lifeboat with three strangers being tossed around by some monstrous waves.

We spent the night being tossed around by the storm, and eventually all of us passed out once the adrenaline drained out of us. In the morning, we came to on a stretch of beach -- three women, two men, and the tattered remains of the lifeboat. We were who-knows-where in the South Pacific, and figured we might be stuck there for a few days, if not weeks. We had all watched Survivor -- we knew to build a shelter, find fresh water, and look for food, which was fortunately in abundance. We spend the first day working steadily, and it wasn't until the sun went down that we got to know each other.

My fiance, Sara, is black and beautiful, with flawless dark skin, soft cheekbones, nice full lips, and skinny dreads that fall around her shoulders. She's tall, athletic, and beautiful, with long, slender legs, and full, firm breasts that I thrilled to see naked even after four years together. Ruby was a fellow passenger, Puerto Rican, with dark brown skin and curves everywhere. Wide hips, nice round ass, big fleshy tits -- I know men are all supposed to go for skinny chicks, but deep down, this is the kind of girl we all salivate over. She had hooked up with one of the crew, Davi, a tall, muscular Brazilian, with a deep tan and tribal tattoos on both arms. He only spoke Portuguese, so Ruby acted as his translator, although she only understood the bits and pieces where Portuguese and Spanish are similar. He didn't say much anyway.

And then there was Siobhan. The rest of us had landed on the beach with only a few bumps and bruises. Siobhan had broken her leg, which I managed to set -- even an optician knows the basics -- but she was immobilized for a few weeks. Her dress had also been torn off during that night, leaving her with a torn bra and, to her embarrassment, semi-transparent panties. Her fair Irish skin wasn't cut out for the sun either -- by the end of the first day, she had more freckles than a casting call for Annie, and by the second, she was red as a lobster. She spent most of the next few weeks in the shelter we had built. She was almost six feet tall, with long, skinny arms and legs, red hair that reached the small of her back when it wasn't braided, and breasts that were small but hadn't sagged a bit with age. (I was the oldest, at 32 -- everyone else was in their mid/late 20s.)

We had all been thrown together for at least a while, but we didn't realize what close quarters we were going to be in until the first night in the shelter. Maybe half an hour after we had all said our good-nights, we heard the wet sound of passionate kissing coming from Ruby and Davi. Eventually, she let out a moan, and we realized they were fucking, right in front of us. There was no moon that night, so we couldn't see anything, but the sound of their bodies slamming into each other, and her pussy sucking his cock inside of her, didn't leave much to the imagination. It didn't take more than a minute of that before I had a rock-hard erection. I reached for Sara, and her pussy was wet as well. We had talked about sex, and how, with no birth control, we should hold off until we were rescued. But I started to finger her damp slit, and felt her hand wrap around my cock and start stroking me. As soon as I heard Ruby cry out in the throes of orgasm, I shot my load all over the sand. I turned my attention to licking Sara's snatch, which was now dripping wet, and by the time she came, she had given up on keeping quiet. Her screams of ecstasy must have sent Davi over the edge, because before they were done, he was grunting and no doubt shooting a dose of sperm into Ruby's waiting cunt. I drifted off to sleep in Sara's arms, to the sounds of Ruby's moans as Davi's cock plowed into her all over again.

In the morning, we all acted as if nothing had happened, and went about our day, gathering food, exploring the island, and keeping busy. But the scene repeated itself the next night, and the next. I overheard Sara finally talking to Ruby about it:

"Aren't you afraid he'll get you pregnant?"

"Honestly? I'm pretty sure he got me on the boat. At this point, whatever happens, happens."

"Have you been together long?"

"Together? He worked on the boat! I met him two weeks ago!"

"And you let him maybe get you pregnant?"

"Shit, it's not like I planned for that. But once he started fucking me, I just lost control. I mean, you've seen him in action. If you were about to come as hard as I've been doing, would you ask him to stop and put on a condom?"

Sara didn't answer. I expected her to chastize Ruby's carelessness, but she seemed lost in thought. That night, the clouds parted, and the moon and the stars were bright enough that we were able to watch the two lovebirds in action. As sexy as Ruby was with her clothes on -- a short skirt, a bra, and a torn tank top were all she had to wear on the island -- she was twice as sexy without them. We all watched as she got onto her hands and knees, big fleshy tits hanging down invitingly, and wiggled her nice round ass for her lover. Davi slid his shorts down his legs, revealing a massive cock. I had a decent 6-incher, and had never been insecure about it, but his had to be almost twice as big as mine, and so thick Ruby could barely get her little hand around it.

But she wasted no time guiding it into her pussy, and Davi started slamming into her, slowly at first, and then as powerfully and determined as a stallion mounting a brood mare. The rest of us made no pretense about giving them any privacy; across the shelter, Siobhan was lazily fingering her cunt as she watched, wide-eyed. Sara was doing the same thing, right in front of me. And anyone looking in my direction would have seen all six inches of my dick standing straight up. I reached for Sara, to start fingering her pussy as we had every night, but she turned away from me, and backed her ass up against my rock-hard cock. 

"Just pull out," she whispered. I guess her talk with Ruby had changed her mind about taking a risk. Well, I wasn't going to talk her out of it. I slid my the head of my cock down her ass crack, and to her waiting slit, which was dripping with excitement. I slid into her easily, as her pussy was too slick to offer much resistance. I slipped in and out of her nice and easy, as I wanted to make this fuck last. As I slid my cock along it's well-worn groove inside Sara's abdomen, we both watched, transfixed, as Ruby's pussy got pounded into a froth by Davi's massive Brazilian member. Her moans turned to screams, and her screams turned into a string of curses in Spanish. I felt my balls tightening up, and a rush of sperm building at the base of my dick.

I slid my cock out of Sara's wet snatch as fast as I could, and a moment later, I was turning her smooth, brown ass into a white, sticky mess. She rolled over to kiss me, and after a passionate kiss, she pushed my head down gently. I knew just what she wanted. I sucked on one fat, dark brown nipple, while I ran two fingers up and down her slit. I glanced up to see her still watching Davi, who had shown no signs of slowing down. After a few minutes, Sara pushed my head down again, and I kissed my way down her flat, toned stomach, and down to her slit. I relished the taste of her copious juices, and sucked on her pussy for a few minutes before focusing in on her clit. She started moaning loudly, then crying out in time with Ruby, who yelped every time Davi bottomed out and hit her cervix.

Eventually, Ruby's cries reached a fevered pitch as she neared orgasm. I felt my cock start to stir again, and I attacked Sara's clit with renewed abandon. Ruby started screaming bloody murder as she came hard, and almost immediately, Sara started bucking her hips and crying out with an orgasm of her own. I wasted no time pinning her down and plunging my cock back where it belonged. Davi flipped Ruby onto her back, and soon both of us were rutting like mad, pounding our girls' asses into the sand, as the pale Irish girl whimpered with her own orgasm as she took in the sight.

Five minutes of this was all I could take, before I was shooting globs of sperm all over my girlfriend's belly. The site of several white pearls of cum, glistening against the sweaty, dark skin of her taut abdomen was erotic beyond belief. I couldn't help myself - I got between her legs again, ran my tongue up and down her slit, and then slid my tongue across her belly, licking my own seed and the sweat from both of our bodies. I kissed her, pushing a few drops of sperm into her mouth, which she accepted eagerly. We made out for a while, to the sounds of Davi and Ruby still going at it. It occurred to me that we had fucked, taken a rest, and fucked again, and Davi still hadn't come. I was worn out for the night, and he was just getting started. We lay in the dark, and listened for another five or ten minutes, until finally we heard him grunt and knew Ruby was getting filled up at last.

We all lay there together in the shelter, the five of us completely sated, or so I thought. After a few minutes, Davi, who had never withdrawn his cock from deep inside Ruby, started rocking his hips again. She grabbed his ass and started pulling him deeper. I made it through one more ear-splitting cum from Ruby before I drifted off to sleep with my arms around Sara.