Kai runs frantically through the dark, wet field towards the river, trying to shake off the wolf that is savaging his arm and holding him back. There is a gleam of light in the distance, a metallic reflection; he can't see it clearly but knows he must reach it somehow, even though some nameless horror lurks behind it. A slender tree runs towards him, strikes him on the head and disappears behind a curtain of falling rain, which is turning to blood as it hits the ground. He is weeping, calling out Arthur's name, but there is no answer. His legs feel like lead; he can barely move them. Something soft tangles his feet, and suddenly he is falling –

Kai wakes, his head pounding and his left arm on fire. A gleam of light catches his eye. For a moment he is afraid that he is still trapped in the dream; then there is a touch on his shoulder, and he looks up to find that the gleam is a torch in the Cornish guest hut, that his left arm is bandaged to a splint, and that his feet are tangled in the blankets.

And that Arthur is leaning over the bed, a borrowed cloak around his shoulders and his face full of concern.

'Kai?'

'A bad dream,' Kai mumbles.
Arthur grins. 'That must have been some nightmare - I heard you from the next hut.'
'It's already fading.' Kai reaches for Arthur with his good arm. 'How long have I been asleep?'
Arthur squeezes his hand. 'Some hours. It's about midnight, I think. The healers gave us some sort of sleeping draught. But they never seem to work very well on me.'
'Are you much hurt?' Kai looks anxiously at Arthur, who is very pale, his sword-arm wrapped in bloodstained bandages, and with livid bruises beginning to show on cheekbone and forehead.
'Nothing that won't mend, given time.' Arthur shakes his head. 'Cuts and bruises, mostly. And I'm very tired. It was a long ride, and a hard fight…'
He seems unwilling to say any more.

'And…Mark?'

Grudgingly, Arthur says, 'Mark lives.'

'So tell me,' Kai says, 'why you went after him.' 
'You know why.' Arthur's voice has an edge to it.
'Yes, but why now? When there are rumours of a new Saxon threat, and we need our allies more than ever?'

Arthur sits down on the edge of the bed and heaves a huge sigh. 'You were sleeping,' he says eventually, 'and I looked at your face, and I saw the scar where he tore your mouth.' He speaks as though each word pains him. 'And I knew he had to die by my hand.'
'Despite the alliance?'
'Despite everything.' Arthur's voice is grim.
'So why, despite everything, is he still alive?' A faint smile is on Kai's lips. 'Between you and the river, he should by rights be a dead man twice over by now. Did you have a change of heart on the way here?'
The smile fades at the look on Arthur's face.
'Arthur – what is it?'

The reply is a little while in coming. Arthur is choosing his words carefully.

'I had a change of heart as I rode here, yes. But not in the way you think; and I am not proud of myself for it. Kai, I wanted him to suffer at my hands, as you and I have suffered at his. A simple death in an ambush, or even in combat, would be too good for him. I was so angry. I kept seeing your face, that scar, the fear in your eyes as you turned away from me. I wanted him to know such fear too. So I made a plan.'
'To frighten him?'
'To get him alone, first.' Arthur's voice is like flint.
'How did you persuade him to leave the village?'
'It was easy. Too easy. I rode in through his gate as though I knew nothing of what had passed between you –'
'And he believed it? And welcomed you?'
Arthur permits himself a small, ironic smile. 'As far as Mark ever does welcome Arthur: with ill grace. But I was given food and drink, and then I asked him to ride with me to discuss this new rumour that has reached us, of more forces joining Cerdig from across the sea. The lies came easily to my tongue. I said I wanted to talk in private to avoid spreading needless alarm. He agreed readily.'

'Too readily, perhaps?' Kai asks.

Arthur sighs. 'I cannot be certain. But we rode out together as far as the river. Perhaps even if he thought you had betrayed his confidence to me, he thought he'd have a chance to rid himself of me with no witnesses. Either way, we stopped, I made as if to dismount, waited for him to get off his horse, pulled myself back into the saddle and hit him over the head with the flat of my sword from behind. He went down without a sound. I thought at first I'd hit him too hard…'
He stops, biting his lip, as if uncertain whether to continue.
Kai snorts. 'It would have been a lot simpler if you had.'
Arthur shakes his head, but says nothing.
'So…' Kai continues for him, 'You got off your horse to see, and he was only pretending, and he surprised you, and you fought…'
'Something like that.' Kai is surprised to see that Arthur's fist is clenched and his face is very white. It must have been a very hard struggle. 'I was going to – to hurt him. And then drown him in the river. But very slowly. With plenty of time for him to know that he was going to die, and for me to tell him what I thought of him.' He cannot meet Kai's eyes. He seems ashamed of himself.

A memory flickers in Kai's mind. Something he can't quite grasp. A glint of metal…

'You'd disarmed him by the time I arrived, anyway. And hurt him pretty badly.'
Arthur nods. 'Yes, I had.'
'And then he got under your guard somehow and closed with you, and you both lost your footing and went down the bank into the river. I saw that part.'
Arthur forces a tense smile. 'It's a good thing you showed up when you did.' He stretches wearily. 
Kai snorts. 'A lot of use I was. Lame horse – broken arm – and I couldn't even get to the river without falling over –'

Another half-glimpsed memory… tripping over something soft… blood in the grass… a slender tree…

'Kai, you arrived just in time. In time to bring me to my senses. To make me realise I had done a wrong thing, and was about to do a worse one. To kill an enemy in combat - or to hurt him in anger - is one thing. But I couldn't have lived with myself - or with you - if I'd just sat there in cold blood and watched him drown…'
'I'm glad you didn't.' Kai smiles up at him. 'Despite everything… And now?'
'And now… you need your rest, and I mine.'
Arthur squeezes Kai's shoulder briefly, then gets up, straightens his tunic and pulls his cloak around himself before crossing the hut to the entrance.
He lays a hand on the doorpost.

The memory comes into focus.

Kai says, very quietly: 'Bar the door.' Arthur turns in surprise.

'Stay with me…'

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Arthur winces as he struggles out of his tunic. He sits down on the edge of the bed and bends to take off his boots, then sits up again with eyes closed to draw breath. He wasn't expecting this, not so soon; but he cannot refuse Kai. He gets unsteadily to his feet, turns and looks Kai in the eyes. 'And the rest?' Kai says, looking away, as though distressed by the sight of Arthur's many cuts and grazes. Arthur hesitates, then shrugs, steps out of his breeches and stands there naked in the torchlight, still a little uncertain.

Kai draws breath in a harsh gasp. Suddenly he looks afraid.

'Kai – what is it?' Arthur keeps his voice very gentle. 'We don't have to do this if you're not ready for it.'

Kai shakes his head, his face set and resolute. 'I need to do this. And so do you.'

He reaches out a hand to draw Arthur closer; Arthur lifts the blanket, lies down carefully and shifts around trying to find a comfortable position. There isn't one.

Arthur rolls onto his side, ignoring the pain in his ribs, and puts a hand very gently on Kai's shoulder. Kai tries not to flinch. Arthur whispers, 'Put it somewhere it doesn't hurt, then.' Almost reluctantly, Kai lifts the hand across onto his chest; Arthur can feel Kai's heartbeat under his fingers. He moves himself a little closer, brushing his lips against the skin of Kai's arm. Kai whispers 'Arthur…' and suddenly, despite his guilt, pain and exhaustion, Arthur is hard. So hard it hurts.

He moves away a little, but he knows Kai has felt that touch of hot flesh on his thigh. He is embarrassed: 'I'm sorry –' But Kai turns his head, lays his cheek against Arthur's hair. His shoulders heave with what might be a laugh, or a sob.

Arthur shifts himself a little further up the bed, feels Kai's hand wrap around his length, moving with careful tenderness: up the shaft, and down, and up again; and then delicately, exquisitely, encircling the warm, soft folds of the foreskin to draw it back and expose the head. Arthur's heart is thundering; he has forgotten everything else in the pleasure that Kai is giving him... He feels a finger touch the dewdrop of moisture at his tip, spreading it out over the smooth surface, the ripples of pleasure shaking him to the core. Arthur moans softly, and thrusts against Kai's hand, begging him wordlessly to take hold again, to give him release.

Kai takes his time, moving his fingers in a gentle but insistent rhythm that Arthur is powerless to resist. Arthur holds back as long as he can – he wants this to last for ever, not to have to face tomorrow – but even his self-control has limits. His back arches, he cries out; he surrenders himself to Kai's touch and comes, sobbing and laughing by turns, in waves of ecstasy that seem to draw out his very soul and place it in Kai's keeping...

Suddenly, into the bliss that is enfolding him, there stabs a sharp and terrible sensation. A hostile weight is pinning him down, and something is gripping his bandaged sword-arm, twisting it behind his back. He feels the deep cuts re-opening, the warmth of fresh blood spreading down to his elbow. 
With a cry of agony he opens his eyes to find to his horror that his assailant is Kai.

An unfamiliar, white-faced, furious Kai, teeth bared in pain, with tears in his dark eyes.

'Did you enjoy that?' Kai spits the words in a hissing whisper.

'Kai –'

'Did you?'

Kai has surely taken leave of his senses.

'You know I did.' Arthur feels tears pricking his eyes. 'How could you doubt it?'

'So… Which of us did you enjoy more?'

'What?'

'Which of us?'

'Kai – I don't understand. Let go of me.'

But the grip on his arm tightens still further. The pain makes his head spin.

'How could you do this to me?' Kai is sobbing openly now. 'How could you – lie to me – lie with me – after – '
He heaves a painful breath.
'You rescued him – having come here to kill him. And I know what I saw. I know now. Your swordbelt was lying on the bank where I fell. It was his clothing I fell over. By the tree… did you tie him to that tree? And he - he was naked when you pulled him from that river...'

With a shock, Arthur realises what Kai is thinking.

And realises that he, Arthur, has made a terrible mistake.

'Kai.' Arthur's arm is on fire; it takes all his self-control not to scream. 'Look at me.'

Kai turns his head away.

'I said, look at me.'

Years of habit make Kai obey that commanding tone despite himself. Arthur holds his brother's gaze, willing his love and remorse to show in his eyes.

Very quietly, Arthur says, 'I did not lie to you.'

Kai shakes his head.

'No, Kai. I would never lie to you. But I admit my fault. I did not tell you the whole truth either...'

A hint of acceptance dawns in Kai's face; but still his voice is the bitterest Arthur has ever heard him use.
'But you are going to tell it to me now. The whole of it. Or you and I can never be together again.'

He releases Arthur's arm, draws a hand across his own eyes.

'So tell me. What really happened on that riverbank?'