I am 21 years old and have finished my B.Com. My sister is 14 years old and mother is 45 years old. I studied near home only in Paniput and used to do daily up and down from my house. During those days the terrorist problem was at its peak and at night trains used to run almost empty. I sometimes used to come home late and my mother used to scold me saying that I should not come late.

I would always tell her that the trains at these hours were totally empty so there was nothing to worry about and I would tell her how I had full compartment to myself in the middle of the night and for full one and a half hour the train didn't stop anywhere and in my enthusiasm I would describe to her how in the dark night the train would be running at full speed through the dark fields and I could close the windows or open them. At those times mother would just say that she will see.

My second year exams had just finished and dad was on out
state tour for two months. After he had gone for some fifteen days
mother said to me that she wanted to buy some clothes for herself. I
told her that we would go to Paniput and buy them. So on a week day
we left Dhami at home and myself and my mother started for Paniput at
around 11 AM. We roamed in Paniput main market throughout the day and
I treated mother to lunch. It was around six PM when mother actually
started her shopping at some ladies garments shop. When I reminded
mother that it was getting late she didn't pay much attention to it
and casually said that if we were late we will try my late night
train. I then treated mom to chaat and gool gappas. When it was
around ten o'clock we went to the station and purchased tickets.
There were not many people on the platform as we waited. At around
ten thirty the train arrived and when we went into the compartment we
saw six seven people sitting in it. We went to a place where no one
was there and sat. Mother casually remarked. "Tu to kahta tha ki koi
nahi hooga. Yahan to log baithe hain."
I told her that those people would get down at the next station which
was ten minutes run from Paniput .
Mother just said "Dekhte hain." And sat down looking out of the
window.
As I had predicted after ten minutes the station came and those
people got down. I casually told mom "Dheka na sab log utar gai hain."
Mom got up and went towards the corridor and walked throughout the
length of the compartment. She then looked into all the four
laterines in the compartment. When she came back to our seat she was
a bit excited and said
"Saach Jagat yahan to koi bhi nahi hai."
Then we sat down near the window seats facing each other. Cold night
wind was blowing through the windows . After some time mother asked
me to close the windows. I was about to pull down the glass window
when she said "Nahin kaanch ki khidki nahin loohe ki khidki gira."
I now pulled down the metal sheet window and then over it pulled down
the glass pane also.
Then Mother asked me how much time train would take to reach next
station.
I told her that it would take not less than two hours.
Mother then said to me
"Jagat tu saari khidkian band kar de."
I asked "Kyun mummy thand lag rahi hai kya?"
She replied "Tu band to kar ke aa."
I went to each and every window and closed it. It took me around ten
minutes but I was back. When I sat down on my seat in front of mother
she took out the cloth packets and told me that she wanted to try out
the new clothes to see if they fitted her. I was amazed and asked her
"Mummy ghar jaa ke dekh leena."
She told me
"Jagat thuje paata nahin hai hum auratoon ko kapde try karne ka kitna
shauk hota hai."
Then she lifted the packet and went towards the end of the
compartment where toilets are there. While going she looked back and
said to me
"Tu bhi aa ja mujhe akele main daar lagta hai."
I went behind her and we went to that small corridor in front of the
latrines and mom went and stood at the end of it. The light bulb was
giving full light and the corridor was lit fully. I stood on the
opposite side and stood with my back to the wall facing my mother.
There was a distance of around three meters between us. Just then
mother started removing her clothes. First she removed her jumper.
Then she untied her naada and pulled down her salwar. Then she
unhooked her bra and then pulled down her kaachi. She then bent down
and pulled out a panty out of the first packet. She then pulled up
that panty and lifted her face up to see me. She then in a slow voice
asked me
"Jagat dekh is kaachi main meri poori dhak gai hai ki nahi?"
I slowly looked down to her panties and saw her choot for the first
time. My mother's cunt lips were puffed up and the transparent cloth
of the panty was stretched over it. I slowly went forward and was now
facing mom. Mom slowly whispered "Dekh theek se fit aai hai?"
I kneeled down in front of her and was now facing her cunt. The panty
was stretched beyond limit over my mother's cunt and half of her cunt
lips were exposed. I stood up and again faced her. Then I said
"Maa teri choot ki phanken dikh rahi hain."
Her face was red but still she replied
"Kya kaaron meri choot phooli hui hai na. Kaachi ke andar dhaakti hi
nahi hai."
She then said "jagat apna lund bahar nikal naa."
By now I too was excited and asked her
"Dekhegi ya choodegi bhi."
Now mother confessed to me
"Dekh Jagat tere Papa maheene main ek do baar ghar aate hain. Jab tak
main choodene ke mood main aati hoon woh phir chale jaate hain. Baata
na main kya kaaroon? Meri choodaas kabhi mit-ti hi nahi hai." Kab tak
apne andar ki aurat ko daba ke rakhoon."

I took out my lund and showed it to her and asked
"Mummy mera lund dekh yeh teri choot ki pyaas thandi karega."
Mom slowly looked down at my cock and said
"Hai yeh to poora saand ka lund hai."
She then said "Chal mujhe laterine main le jaa ke chood."

 caught hold of her wrist and dragged her into the toilet and closed
the door. The train was running at full speed when I pulled my
mother's panties down. I then pulled down my pant and stepped out of
it. Now we both were naked and were eyeing each other. All around us
there were dirty things written on the walls.

Also there were crude
sketches of choots and lunds. Mom turned around and faced the sink in
the toilet. Then she bent forward and held the edge of sink in both
her hands. She then lifted her head and looked into the mirror in
front and in full voice shouted
"Chood de meri bete."
I pushed my hand under her buttocks between her thighs and motioned
her to spread her legs. She immediately obeyed me and and then she
bent her stomach down and arched her buttocks up so that her cunt
hole was wide open from behind. As soon as I saw my mother's hole my
cock stiffened to its full tightness and along with it I also had the
joy of seeing my own mother's ass hole. I then inserted one finger
just to see if she was wet just then mother turned her face and said
"Bete main poori choodas se bhari hoi hoon tu bas apna lund andar
daal."
I then simple took hold of my cock and placed it on top of my
mother's hole and with one slight push of my buttocks forward I
inserted my cock into my mother's hole. I then bent forward and and
now my top body was over my mother's back and my cock was inside her
cunt. I then put my hands down towards her chest and held her big
dhood. After this I started inserting my cock into her hole still
further. When my cock was fully inside her cunt she simply said
"Haan bete aab chood mujhe."
Now I started pushing my cock in and out of her cunt.After around
five minutes of getting fucked my mother slowly turned her head and
looked back and said
"Sun mera chumma le le ke chood."
I simply placed my lips on her cheek and kissed her and down there I
pushed my cock in her cunt. Meanwhile my mother kept on shouting
dirty words. I never knew that my religious mother would be such a
slut. She was saying "Hai re bete chood mujhe joor se re."
She turned her face to the wall where crude drawing of a choot and
lund was made.
She then said "Hai Jagat dekh kaise choot banai hai."
I was too busy in fucking her and simply said
"Bhosadi ki chup chaap choot marwa."

After some time she streightened up and my cock slid out of her cunt.
She then turned around and faced me. She looked streight into my eyes
and said with a smile on her face
"Bete mujhe choodne mein maaja aaya?"
I looked down at my cock and she inturepped
""Lund ko kya dekh raha hai Jagat abhi to bahut choodna hai tere lund
ko."
I placed both my hands on her big boobs and looked into her eyes.
Then I said
"Ab kaise choodegi?"
She widened her legs and said
"Le mera ched khula hai lund daal de andar."

I slowly placed my hand on her waist and pulled my mother towards
myself. Now my hard cock was touching my mother's cunt. She slowly
lifted her one leg and placed it around my waist. Then she looked
into my eyes and said
"Jagat bete chood de meri choot."
I took my hand down and adjusted my lund on her hole and then pushed
it in. She had a satisfied expression on her face and we started
fucking . Mom was in full mood when suddenly train started slowing
down. Mom looked at me enquiringly. As train stopped at a small
station we were in a bad position. But I comforted mom and said that
I will look what was happening. I put on my pant and shirt and went
to the door. There I lifted the window pane and saw outside that
train had stopped on a small station. I thought it was a signal
problem. I was about to down the shutter just then a TT came with an
old women and said. "Amma sit in this compartment."
I had no option but to open the door and let that old beggar like
woman inside.
She was very old and from lower strata of society maybe some gypsy.
She came and sat in the corridor near the toilet. I knew that mom was
inside and very horny. But at that moment I didn't know what to do.
Just then the train started and picked up speed. Mom must have waited
inside but when the train started she knocked at the door from inside
and said
"Jagat kya hua?"
I slowly went towards the door which mom opened and I went inside
even as that old lady was looking at me strangely. She seemed like a
worldly wise lady. I went in and saw that mom was standing fully
naked. I told her about the old lady. Mom was totally disappointed
and a bit angry. As she stood there fingering her cunt she said
"Saali ko abhi anna tha?"
I went near her and said
"Mummy chal abhi ghar ja ke thuje chood doonga."
Mother slowly started wearing her clothes. After some time when she
was fully clothed I opened the door and walked outside. That old lady
was still sitting there and looking in our direction. When i looked
at her face there was a wicked smile on her face. And as my mother
stepped outside with her disheveled hair, disfigured bindi and
crumpled clothes the old lady's smile was prominent. That lady looked
at mother and passed a comment
"Teri salwar ka naada bahar latak raha hai."
That comment was enough for mother who was left high and dry. My
mother shot back
"Haan chud ke aa rahi hoon. Teri choot main khaaj kyon ho rahi hai?"
it seemed that old lady was also fully open in sexual matters and said
"Kya mere anne se choodai ruk gai hai kya, thuje choodna hai to chud
le yahan par."
Now mother was totally angry on hearing her comments and wanted a
full showdown with that lady. She loudly called me
"Jagat yahan aa."
As I turned back and went towards my mother she said
"Chal mujhe yahein par chood."
With this mother untied the nada of her salwar and lowered it and
once again bent forward and supported her hands on the wall of the
compartment. I had no other option but to take out my lund and put it
in my mother's cunt from behind. The old lady was fascinated but
mother wanted to shock her to the extreme.
The lady complimented mother in her boldness
"Tu aurat himmat wali lagti hai. Lakin ladka thoda chota hai."
Now was the time for mother to play her trump card. Mother looked
straight into that old lady's eyes and said
"Mera beta hai."
This floored the old lady completely. A stream of obscenities flew
out from her mouth.
"Saali harami chodi kutia bhosadi ki bete se marwati hai."
Now mom was master of the situation. She gave a full smile to the
lady and said
"Mera saga beta hai jis choot se nikela tha usi choot ko chood raha
hai."
Now the atmosphere was sexually charged and the old lady started
lifting her saree and in no time she was sitting with her saree above
her waist and her old big cunt exposed.
Our fucking was going on full swing and after about ten minutes I
discharged my sperm into my mother's womb.
As I was discharging my cum the old lady shouted
"Hai bete apna beej daal de apni maa ki choot main."
After some time when the fuck was over both of us sat down naked in
front of that lady.