
   The one who thought he was immune
   
   Disclaimer : This is a work of Gay Fiction, although it draws many
   parallels with my own life.  It features explicit sexual fantasies,
   including mind control and hypnosis.  I have ensured no real names are
   used, and as it is a work of fiction if any of the people this is
   based upon have problems with the way the feel they have been
   portrayed, tough.
   
   It's a story damnit, be flattered I wrote it about you.  It's my
   imagination, so you can't sue me.  If you might want to, by reading
   on, you waive the right to.
   
   Contents
   
   Scenesetting 1
   
   His first hypno experience 2
   
   The fiance 3
   
   Deeper and deeper 3
   
   A nights clubbing 4
   
   The final bid 5
   
   Scenesetting
   
   About three years ago now, I met the love of my life, James, a
   wonderful person all-round.  Not that we don't have our disagreements,
   who doesn't, but we get on well, and have been living together for 2
   and a half years now (the man's a saint, you say?).  We met up through
   a choir - yes a gay choir, kinda like London Gay Mens Chorus, only
   with Lesbians and Bi's too :-).  He was tall, and kinda moody looking
   with his monobrow (yes, I soon sorted that out!), and it took us a
   while to get talking, but we got over it.  By the time we were talking
   about moving in together, I started meeting his friends - neither of
   us have many, even now.  His main ones were the obligatory Fag-Hag and
   a couple who he got together with the fag-hag.  When he introduced me
   to Steve and Jane, I could barely talk - he was absolutely
   mind-blowingly gorgeous, but I could see why he was with her - shelf.
   Let me elaborate : Blonde and Spiky, 6'2 (James is 6'4),
   sharp-dressing, really cute boyish face with still a little puppy fat,
   23yrs old and at the time, still living with his folks (Mind, James
   was too, 23 and still living at home).  Oh, and that other little
   thing - when he turned round, there it was, the arse to die for, not
   too big, just squidgy enough, but well formed and in those black
   jeans, if he was gay, I'd have been his!
   
   So, there you go, now you know more about the three of us, I'll
   continue.  After the first meeting I just had to ask : "James, love,
   are you telling me that you've known this Georgeous hunk of manhood a
   long time and you never did anything?".  He confirmed it and gave me
   some more background : "We met when we started the same school
   together at 8 yrs old.  We were both pretty scared and hit it off
   straight away.  We have always been 'best mates', but I never tried
   anything.  In fact he was the last person I 'came out' to, and he was
   upset that I didn't tell him before."  I was stunned, for the second
   time that evening.  It was obvious why James had left Steve 'til last
   - he was scared of losing him as a friend, and I think on a
   subconscious level he wanted him as more.
   
   His first hypno experience
   
   That was three years ago, and now, with the help of a few internet
   pages and a couple of good books, I've been learning about hypnosis
   and nlp.  We meet Steve and Jane most weeks, either for Cinema, DVD
   nights (yeah, I got a writer and rent-copy movies!), the occasional
   play and just social evenings.  Sometimes there's another couple too,
   but we don't see them as often.
   
   I started trying out some nlp on Steve, just to "test" my newfound
   knowledge and abilities.  The first time was at their house, when I
   noticed him licking his lips as if he were thirsty.  I asked him if
   he'd like a brew, as I'll make one.  Just before he answered, I tapped
   my temple twice.  That sounds corny, but that's how it started.  Of
   course he wanted the tea, so of I went and made it.  I did it a couple
   more times that evening - "Are you tired?", "Would you like some
   popcorn?" etc.  I didn't over-do it, 'cos I wanted to be suruptitios -
   main reason being that I didn't want him or his fiance (yep, she had
   pressured him into asking by this point, and they had a joint mortgage
   :-( ) to notice.
   
   The next weekend, I was as careful, but inside I was bursting to find
   out if I could use this newly-implanted trigger.  I had by this point
   backed it up by doing it every time I said yes too.  I miraculously
   restrained myself until the next week.  Sure enough, it worked!  I got
   him to make me a cup of tea, just after I had said no and he sat back
   down.  That was a bit mean, but it worked.  I now knew I had him were
   I wanted him, in the kitchen (Yes, I went to keep that gorgeous arse
   company!).
   
   I talked to him about a few things while the kettle was boiling - we
   are both computer programmers, specialising in different areas.  As he
   was making the cup of tea - just for me mind, I'd well planted that
   trigger as he didn't even make himself one - I mentioned hypnosis.  He
   sniggered a bit and made jokes like "I will obey, yes master" (Yes, I
   did get a little turned on by that...), but I suggested he go under
   for me, so he could see how enjoyable it was.  He looked an me as if I
   had gone out, then trying to work out if I meant it.  At the point
   where I was nodding, he looked taken aback (I had to time it just
   right, of course) and then when I thought he was considering whether
   to humor me or not, I did the magic double-tap.  Immediately, he said
   "Yes, sure that sounds like fun".
   
   So, that arranged, I let him suggest it, when we were back sat down in
   the living room.  James looked at me with that "What are you
   planning?" face.  I just kept it simple, when Steve asked (in front of
   Jane and James) if I'd let him see what hypnosis was like, I asked him
   "Are you sure, it's got to be consensual, as it won't work
   otherwise."  He seemed a little taken aback, it was my idea afterall,
   but went ahead with it anyway.  I took him through a basic induction
   and he was superb (considerable tents from me and James).  Arm as
   light as a feather, forgot his own name (made him think it was Slut
   for a while!), forgot the number 5, liked it a lot.  I held back (will
   as strong as the rod in my pants!) and just let him feel relaxed and
   wanting more.  I told him he'd remember nothing about it apart from
   the wonderful feeling of relaxation and using nlp techniques, got him
   to a state where I knew that when I took him back up, he'd come back
   for more, without Jane noticing.
   
   That night I'm sure I heard James mutter "oh Steve, Yes!" in his
   dreams, but it may have been my imagination.
   
   The Fiance
   
   The next step was to get Jane to ignore the subtle changes in Steve's
   personality.  Jane, herself was similar to me - she wanted Steve
   wrapped around her little finger!  I was drawing a blank on how to do
   this when Jane herself volunteered for hypnosis.  Apparently my nlp
   phrasing to get Steve coming back for more had made him convince her
   that it was wonderful too!  Jane was not such an easy subject, and
   having a woman submit just was not a turn on at all, but this time,
   Steve was not about, so I could use more direct wording to greater
   effect.  I ran her through deepening after deepening to get her to
   just accept whatever I said and then proceeded.  "You will always let
   Steve come and be hypnotised at my house, and you will never suspect
   that anything is going on between us.  You will also never link any
   unusual behaviour on Steve's part as anything to do with hypnosis".
   This I got her to repeat ad nauseum, until I felt sure it would
   permeate every part of her mind.  I also added a few more commands
   (suggestions - honest!) - she would not enjoy hypnosis much, and
   therefore I didn't have to worry about her pestering me, and also
   whenever I say "your husband is Gay" she'd be straight off.
   
   It was as simple as that.  I got an sms from Steve the next day,
   asking when I could fit him in.  I didn't need much convincing, and
   let him come over straight from work.
   
   Deeper and deeper
   
   When I told James that Steve was coming over after work, he was rather
   excited, but I made him promise he would stay in the attic until I
   called him, as that way he could come down whilst Steve was
   mid-trance.  One other thing I should mention, James has a suit fetish
   and Steve arrived in a suit.  An opportunity too good to miss, I
   thought.  When Steve came in, he noticed James was not in, I made up
   some excuse about seeing a relative, which he seemed to buy.  He was
   quite keen to get "down to business", and I first made him a really
   nice hot chocolate, to help him to relax.  The hot chocolate was one
   of my "special ones"  - Green and Black's  Maya Gold, grated and
   melted, 50% milk and a shot of Quantro.
   
   He was pleased but eager to go under, so I took him down and stripped
   from the waist down.  I knew there was no chance of having sex with
   him - he's straight, but I wasn't about to waste this opportunity.  I
   placed a towel over his lap and proceded with some more deepening,
   until he was totally limp.  I started placing discreet changes in his
   outlook, physical contact with me would make him feel close to me and
   slightly arouse him - I didn't go too far, as too much change too soon
   is no good.
   
   I also made him open without question any emails from me, and run any
   attachments of any that had the word Slut in the title, which he would
   not see as Slut, but his own name.  This provided me with the perfect
   way of deepening his command set - I owned many different hypnosis
   programs, all with editable text.  I got him to open his eyes and not
   be able to stop complementing me.  This re-inflamed my imagination and
   by means of making his arm move in a nice rhythm, which he clicked
   with his tounge, I knew I had him, so I got his mind to thing his arms
   were still behind his head and checked to see that his arm was still
   moving.  It was!  I'll let your own imagination accomodate what
   happened next, suffice it to say that I made sure I could get his
   clicking to go faster.
   
   When I was done, I disposed of the towel, cancelled the clicking and
   got him to stand up straight, not feel a thing and wait awhile.  I
   brought James down blindfolded, so that he couldn't see Steve until I
   wanted him to - Yes I am a control freak, okay!  He instantly went
   rock hard, and I let him fondle Steve until James was nearly coming.
   We took some pictures with the DigiCam of Steve and James in various
   positions, all of them with James totally nude and Steve still in his
   suit.  James still treasures those pictures to this day.
   
   After James had cum, twice, into the same towel, he got dressed and I
   brought Steve back up, but not until I'd made sure that this towel
   would be what he cleaned his car windscreen with, and that every time
   he did, he thought about me kissing him, and got a little turned on,
   each time moreso.  I also made certain that it would not get washed,
   the only way to make it cleaner was to take it into the bath with him,
   but that would cause him to have a wet dream about me.  I also made
   sure that he would be difficult to live with if he didn't come for at
   least one session a week.
   
   A night's clubbing
   
   After about a month of once-a-week sessions with me and my crystal, I
   was ready for the big test - could I get him to let me fuck him,
   preferably whilst he was conscious and fully aware of what he was
   doing.  Of course by this point I had had him suck me of and he had
   become much more responsive to any suggestion I made even when he was
   conscious.  I had taken him to gay bars and even french-kissed on the
   dance floor - James really enjoyed watching that - but as far as I was
   aware, he didn't feel any attraction to me, he just enjoyed being
   obedient.  Okay, I'll come clean here, I wanted him badly to fall in
   love with me and didn't dare ask if he had any feelings for me on that
   kind of level as I didn't want rejection.  Anyway, tonight was
   special, the three of us were going out clubbing, he was going to get
   some random guy's number and lose it, and the three of us were to go
   home together - in his car.  All started well, and there was much
   enjoyment when he seemed interested in a fairly cute guy at the club.
   I assumed he was just obeying my suggestion to enjoy himself, but then
   I started to wonder.  I brushed it off, and enjoyed the floor show as
   they danced together.  When they were both fully exhausted, I beckoned
   them over, they came (cou;d Steve do anything but?) and ended up stood
   leaning on each other, arms around each other's shoulders.
   
   Alright, so this guy was a major stud, obviously a gym-o-holic, but I
   can forgive some things for his beauty.  One thing I could not stand
   though was what he did next - he reached inside his jacket and brought
   out a packet of cigarettes (Note to reader: it's my fantasy, and
   that's my opinion.  Enjoy the rest of the story!).  The rest of us
   looked shocked - okay we're all non-smokers and it's just unusual to
   find someone we like as much as that and find they smoke.   For all of
   us, it seemed a big turn-off.  The cogs started turning at this
   point... "Do you really want to be spending all that money and reduce
   your lifespan?" I asked.  "That's a little brutal" said Steve, to my
   surprise, but I let him off.  "I suppose, it's just I can help if he
   doesn't" I said.  That was enough trigger for Steve, he started
   enthusing about how I'd really brought him out of his shell, how he
   didn't get stressed anymore etc.  "Okay, Okay..." said the dark haired
   stranger, "I guess I have been spending more on them recently, when
   can you fit me in?".  I decided to play it cool. "Well, seen as you
   are not gonna get this guy's number tonight, howsabout you give me
   yours, and once we've arranged a session, I'll give it to him?"  He
   seemed a little taken aback by my cockiness, but agreed, whilst
   carefully slipping Steve his number too.  Steve wasn't having any of
   it though - "I don't want the number of an ashtray - I'll get your
   number when you have given up - Don't worry, this guy's a genius -
   You'll be free of them in a week or so."
   
   Leaving the club, Steve looked downhearted, and so I asked him why.
   "I just really quite fancied getting someone's number tonight, and I
   figured I'd get the other dancer's, but he turned out to be a
   smoker."  I of course knew why, but I still wanted to hear what his
   story would be, as he would have no idea that I made him want to -
   "So, okay, I'm a little confused here, Steve, just why do you want a
   gay guy's 'phone number?  Just for the hell of it?  To annoy Jane?".
   I was not prepared for the response.  "I want to see if I'm gay, but I
   can't ask anyone I know to help me find out, I'd be too embarrassed."
   he said, in a lowered voice, we were outside afterall.  I needed time
   to think about this, so I quickly suggested he wait until we got into
   the car and then repeat what he had just said.
   
   The Final Bid
   
   As he sat down, I let him repeat it, which he did, in the same
   depressed tone of voice, word for word.  I told him it was okay, that
   he didn't need to worry, and that if he really wanted to find out if
   he was gay, I (we) could help.  He looked shocked and said "I couldn't
   do it with you, either of you, it's just not right."  I said that I
   understood, and not to worry, there'd be plenty of other chances to
   find the guy to experiment with.  Needless to say, I made sure that he
   accepted my hand on his knee all the way home, and I didn't try
   anything until we did.
   
   As we crossed the threshold, he asked me if I'd hypnotise him again,
   to which I slowly agreed (yeah, I managed to steel myself for a bit
   first), as always, he went under in an instant, and James and I
   discussed him whilst he drifted until I touched his forehead.  "So,
   are you gonna?" asked James.  "I think so... I just want to make sure
   he'll be okay with it afterwards".  "Good idea" he concurred.  He went
   upstairs and got dressed for sex (yeah, he likes suits, pay
   attention!) , whilst I massaged Steve's feelings, memories and will to
   experiment with us both.  When I checked James was ready, I brought
   Steve back up, and within minutes he was flirting with me and then
   kissing me, and then I led him upstairs.  When we reached the bedroom,
   I told him that if he wanted to try anything, he'd have to first
   undress himself and then James (I could manage to get undressed
   myself, but James would really enjoy being undressed by his straight
   best mate.
   
   Once there were three naked men in the bedroom, I lost control, I
   started by just sensually rubbing every part of Steve's naked body,
   until he was shivering with anticipation, then James started playing
   with Steve's equipment as a precursor to the best blow job he would
   ever have (okay, so that was suggested too) and when that started I
   got the cold, cold lube and started to matt his wonderfully downy
   blonde ass-hair, and every time ho groaned from the pleasure James was
   giving him, I fingered him a bit deeper, until I had two fingers fully
   inside him.  I had already given him a trigger to cum when I whispered
   "slut!" into his ear, and when James looked tired, that's exactly what
   I called him.  I wish I had had a camcorder for the contortions his
   face made whilst he realised he was cumming into his best friends
   mouth.  With James completely satisfied I persuaded Steve that okay,
   so he'd been given a blow job by another man and enjoyed it, but that
   didn't mean he enjoyed gay sex, and that had him begging me to fuck
   him!  I pushed him down onto the bed, got his legs up so I could see
   his face as it was happening.  James laid down beside him and we all
   three took turns at kissing while Steve was nice and vulnerable.  Need
   I say that I was solid as a cock-shaped rock by this point?  I had
   made sure that he would let me go all the way with him, but I didn't
   alter how he would feel about it, I'm not about to change someone's
   basic instincts (well, not the very basic ones anyway), but to my
   delight he enjoyed it thoroughly - I'd have been able to tell if he
   was pretending.  As I shafted him, he was howling in pleasure and we
   were all kissing periodically (not my first threesome, but certainly
   my most enjoyable!)  I was getting close and so was James, just
   watching his best mate being fucked by his boyfriend.  Just before I
   came, I again called Steve a slut, and was rewarded by a simultaneous
   spurting of us both ("cum together, right now!"), producing a
   surprising amount of Steve-juice all over me and him.  I smeared as
   much off him and onto James as I could and as I disentangled, removing
   my condom as I did so (what, you think I'd risk unsafe sex even with a
   straight guy -yeah right!), I ordered him to lick it off us both.  I
   don't know whether it was his suggestibility or his gratitude, but he
   obliged, and then we all went to sleep, Steve first, and then James,
   and when I could no keep my eyes open, even watching these two
   sleeping beauties, I drifted off too.
