Meeting Kinky Annie
by macbuzz ©

When I met Annie I had no idea what it would do to the rest of my life. 
Today, there is little left of the wide-eyed optimistic youth I was, who 
thought he could find a girl, fall in love, settle down and live happily 
ever after. Instead I am a disgusting, pliable piece of flesh who seeks 
his next sexual adventure and is ready to be remade by any dominant 
female. This is the story of Annie, my sweet, cruel girl who reduced me to 
my current state. My name is Jack and I lived with Annie for three years 
following the day I met her. On the other hand it was not like I ran away 
from this situation because as you'll see, as hard as I tried, I couldn't.

My Story Begins:

I met Anne in a college bookstore. She was a lovely black hair, blue eyes 
girl who was tall at about 5' 10" with long thin arms and legs and a 
splendidly, slim athletic body. Her hands were the feature, which 
initially held my interest because her fingers were long and well 
manicured. Anne didn't resort to fake nails; hers were real and made her 
hands appear all the more delicate. It was the appeal of her long thing 
fingers, they appeared so...feminine. She was dressed in low riding, tight 
jeans providing ample evidence of a taut abdomen, pink flip-flops and a 
white cotton, spaghetti strap, top that accentuated her full, perky breast 
and enticing cleavage. I couldn't help notice that her belly button made a 
lovely soft inward curve unadorned with jewelry like most girls. It was 
nude, soft and inviting. She was braless so her boobs seductively swayed 
when she walked up and down the bookstore aisles which was utter catnip to 
me. 

It was the end of August and Anne was purchasing books for upcoming fall 
classes and as it so happens we had one in common giving me the 
opportunity to strike up a conversation. We continued talking even after 
paying for the books so I invited her to the local coffee house and she 
accepted. I had nothing planned for the rest of the day so we just drifted 
into a second cup and two hours later I had a date with Anne. The 
following month was a real blur as we saw each other every available 
opportunity. After the second month, I had fallen hard for Anne and told 
her I loved her. Everything about her appealed to me, her appearance, her 
voice, her penetrating eyes and especially her fragrance, she smelled like 
a girl, clean and fresh with that "just after the rain" aura. Eventually, 
we talked about getting an apartment and living together but these 
discussions went on for another two months before anything really 
happened. A whole semester sped by and I was madly in love with Annie and 
desperately needed to fuck her.

Anne was a girl who seemed to have almost no inhibitions. I say almost 
because the clothes she wore were not outrageous it was what she did with 
the clothes; short, wispy skirts and little clingy tops that showed off 
her body or sometimes it would be tight jeans and tops that showed off 
every curve. If the light caught her just right you might be able to 
imagine she was totally naked. Even though her boobs wouldn't be called 
large they were big enough to hang with a seductive upturn and they had a 
unique sway with a little bounce on her left side when she walked. On 
Annie's thin figure it gave the appearance of being very large indeed. 
Anne enjoyed showing lots of leg and on several occasions when we were 
eating out, I could swear Anne wasn't wearing underwear. Maybe she just 
wore a dark thong and I couldn't see it I assumed. Lots of girls wore 
thongs. These situations left me feeling pretty horny and I pressed Anne 
for sex but she would put me off in her sweet, innocent way. I was left 
with no alternative but to pound my beef in desperation. There was 
something degrading about grunting into a tissue when a beautiful woman 
like Annie was seemingly at my fingertips. I did love her and she was so 
sweet and attractive I figured the wait had to be worth it but my dick was 
constantly sore and I was getting pretty irritable. One evening we were at 
a restaurant bar having a drink while waiting for a table, Anne leaned 
over and kissed me. It was a sweet, warm full kiss that finished with her 
licking all around my lips and made me get hard fast.

"What was that for," I asked?

"It was because I wanted to taste you," and then she added in a matter of 
fact way, I'm going to seduce you tonight," while leaned back on her 
stool. It had been seven months and we still hadn't done it. Living on 
campus meant too many distractions and Anne insisted that the first time 
she wanted to devote an entire evening to lovemaking. Also Anne was 
adamant about getting to know me better before our lust overtook us. On 
more than one occasion, while we were kissing, she short-circuited our 
necking before it got too hot insisting that we needed to know each other 
as people before having sex. Annie was a sexy, erotic and extremely 
enticing girl who had strong exhibitionist tendencies but was also a very 
truthful and moral person. I reluctantly agreed because this was a good 
relationship worth building and sustaining. On more than one occasion, 
Annie said I would be more than rewarding for my patience, leaving me 
intrigued.

So when Anne told me she was going to seduce me I immediately flushed red. 
Facing me atop bar stools, Annie wore a short cotton skirt that rested 
lightly atop her perfectly tanned legs. Anne's eyes darted downward and I 
followed as she slowly uncrossed her legs and slowly opened them to show 
me her naked pussy. Her pussy looked soft and moist and her inner lips 
extended out beyond her outer. I could have jumped her right there in the 
bar. Each time I masturbated I imagined her pussy and now it was right in 
front of me. I suppose one doesn't get a more direct invitation for sex 
than how Annie offered it.

A little taken back by her directness all I could mumble was "well, your 
making a good start of it." Revering to her statement about seducing me.

"Really, she said coyly, do you like my pussy," Anne asked?

This girl was a real surprise package. Having kept me at bay for seven 
months she spoke so easily about her pussy. So, even if a guy finds a 
girl's pussy a little on the skanky side, the last thing a guy should ever 
say is that he doesn't like the look of a girl's pussy. If fact, I will 
venture to bet that ANY guy will like the look of ANY girl's pussy if she 
is considerate enough to show it to him. Anne's pussy was extremely pretty 
as pussies go. There are some girls whose pussy just cries out to be 
displayed and Anne was in possession of one of those pussies. Her pussy 
was larger than most I had seen, with inner lips that pushed outside the 
protection of her outer lips with a visibly swollen clit. I could see that 
Anne trimmed her pubic hair since her pussy was bare while sporting a 
small triangle of jet black, very neat hair above her lips.

"Oh my God, your pussy is beautiful," I stammered with a touch of glee in 
my voice.

"You're not just saying that because you're horny," Anne said?

"Well, I am horny but no really, I can't say I have seen a lot in my day 
but I would be willing to bet if you line up twenty naked woman, and you 
were one of them, you would be the number one pick just based on your 
pussy alone."

"Well I'm glad you like it, because your going to get real familiar with 
it tonight," Anne replied.

"So is the lack of knickers on my account," I asked?

"No, I never wear them except when I have my period, she replied. I like 
the thrill of not wearing underwear and if my skirt rides up I figure, so 
what? Give a guy a cheap thrill."

"I knew it," I said quietly.

"What," Anne questioned? "Oh, I was just thinking to myself that thought I 
saw you without knickers on a couple of occasion but I figured I was nuts."

"Why didn't you just ask me, I would have told you," Anne answered?

"Kind of personal don't you think," I responded? 

"Not really, she said. I think you'll discover I can be pretty daring and 
direct and I love talking about sex and anything to do with sex."

We finished our drinks and sat down for dinner. We were celebrating 
because we had finally got one of the few apartments the college had for 
upper classmen. Anne was a sophomore but I was a junior and that made us 
eligible.

While Anne hadn't move in yet, I did move enough so that tonight was worth 
the celebration and apparently, Anne felt comfortable enough, to make 
tonight the night.

Sometime during the meal, Anne slipped off her shoes and began rubbing my 
leg. This was just the simulation I needed to get rock hard in 
anticipation of what was to come. Given the atmosphere Annie had set we 
had a very intimate conversation throughout our dinner. Anne really looked 
pretty in the light of the restaurant and I discovered that her company, 
our conversation, enjoying a meal and a little wine would provide the 
needed ingredients to an intensely erotic experience to come.


 
