Nude Week
by takeshindo

Nude Week Ch. 01

Emma has the perfect week planned to be in the nude.

I love masturbating.

Now that's not something you hear from a girl everyday now do you?

On top of that, I'm fantasized about doing it in public. I've been doing it almost as long as since I figured out how to.

I played around with walking around naked when no one was home. Never tried masturbating, though. I'm more of a tomboy, so while my friends would be talking about what happened to so and so or something like that, I found myself playing with the boys at the park or watching TV.

Doesn't mean I can't talk to them. I can to talk to them like anyone else. Regardless, I've been leaning into it more now that I'm almost a freshman in college. Now that backgrounf check is out of the way, imagine you're me: big oversized T-shirts, hair in a messy bun and Crocs as your usual wear. Your closest friends - both guys and girls - have all moved into their colleges out of state, and you're all alone at home while parents are on a vacation in Las Vegas for the week. You won't be getting settled into your college until next week when they'll drive you there.

In the meantime, your routine is wake up, masturbate, breakfast, scroll through whatever on your phone, maybe watch some TV, masturbate, eat lunch, repeat, masturbate, eat dinner and sleep.

Once they left, I grew more accustomed to not wearing a bra nor panties at home. Just a shirt and nothing else. This all adds up to the perfect time to be nude whenever I desire. To enjoy being free from the restraint of clothes. I found myself skinny dipping in the pool more often, and even watching porn without any headphones on. I'd go as far as leave my door wide open.

I had no one to worry about. I basically owned this place.

I started off the week easy. I got out of bed, ate a bowl of cereal for breakfast, scrolled through my phone, and brainstormed the plan for this week. I decided to start off easy and watch TV all day. It was difficult at first. But I did this because my plan was too fall asleep some point early in the evening, and then wake up really early in the morning.

I started watching Friends starting at season 2, and watched it as far as I could. Not that I enjoyed the show, but I needed something to fill in the gap between now and tomorrow morning. Something like sleeping pills. Plus, my parents were always rewatching every other day irregardless of episode order. It also gave me a good laugh here and there.

Fuck... I'm getting sleepy...

Ah~...

.....

I woke up in a small sweat. My hair in my face, and horny as I hoped I would be. It was 4:17 am. Perfect. I was in a baggy, black T-shirt, and nothing else so I didn't need to get changed. I slipped on my Crocs and walked out there door. The warm summer air hit me like the feel of a cooling AC unit.

I live in a small neighbourhood. It's main road is in the shape of a circle, which is less than half a mile in distance around. It also has pockets of cul-de-sacs and I lived in one of them. The plan I had was to walk out of the neighbourhood and make a right out. Then, I would walk all the way down the sidewalk covered in thick trees and bushes above me and to my right. Another left would be imminent and I'd make a walk there, down the crossing, and make a short walk down

The last direction I needed to take was a right across the street and into the nearby nature preserve.

It gets decently busy during the day, with up to 5-6 cars parked in the lot near the entrance. Past 6 o'clock and onwards and during the weekdays, there can be as few as only couple or only a single car. It was the middle of the night, so I doubted that any would be there this late.

The walk to there was exhilarating. My nipples got hard at some point, and my pussy was grumbling for attention. Near the end of the journey, I said "Fuck it" and threw off my shirt.

I did so just before crossing the road. A street light sat between me and the dirt trail that led into the park. I carried my shirt on my forearm and looked both ways. I could only see as a far as the street light was able to light up. Beyond that was pure darkness.

"Shit. I really am naked." I whispered under my breath.

I was so horny that I might as well have sat my ass right there, spread my legs wide open and start furiously fingering myself there. But I didn't. I stopped myself from almost doing so.

This was only the beginning of my night.

