In the silence that fell after the final chime of midnight, there was a knock at the door. George stepped inside from the balcony, then turned back, sure for a moment that Junsu would stand up from behind a chair. The balcony remained empty.

She nearly tripped over her own feet on her way to the door. She checked the peephole (which seemed significantly lower than she remembered), threw the deadlock and pulled open the door.

Scarf-boy--Chun--was standing alone in the hall, black leather coat pulled over his t-shirt, flip-flops on bare feet, a bag over one shoulder. It was the sunglasses that reminded George there were likely more of those very avid fans somewhere nearby.

Chun lifted the sunglasses off his face, pushed them up into now loose curls. "Hello," he said softly in English.

"Hi," George answered him, stepping back and motioning for him to come in. "How close are the hoards?"

He ducked his head and smiled, following her into the suite. "Security and the hotel staff are keeping them at bay in the lobby."

"Lucky for you," she quipped, shutting the door, locking it again.

"And you," came the response. George turned to see Chun was staring at her.

"What?" she asked, frowning, touching her lips. "Did he leave something on my face when..." She broke off, brushed passed him, nearly fell over her feet once again. What the fuck was wrong with her?

Chun reached out and caught her arm, pulling her aright. He dropped the shoulder bag to the ground, and his other hand came up to settle on her shoulder. "You haven't looked in a mirror."

She stared at him, at the look on his face. He leaned in close enough to kiss, and she realized they were eye to eye. She watched him close his eyes for a moment and take a deep breath through his nose

He smiled. "He was smoking when he kissed you."

She jerked back out of his hold, caught herself against a wall. He let her go. George nearly ran for the bathroom, stumbling only twice before she finally stood before the mirror.

"Oh my fucking god," she breathed.

Staring back at her was Mr. Kim Junsu. She held her hands against her face, only to feel the contours of his cheeks, his eyebrows. She was a good six or seven inches taller, and her hair, which had been pulled back, was now cropped short and stylish.

"Nononono, no, no, no--" she began to babble. She reached for the edge of her shirt and yanked up, over her head, buttons popping off. A broad, masculine chest faced her in the mirror, stretching her bra beyond its limits. "Oh FUCK no."

Chun appeared in the doorway as she fumbled with the bra, unhooked it and dropped it to the floor. She started on the zipper to her pants, habitually began to wiggle out of them, and toppled over, knocking her head against the tile. She swore louder, realized her voice was not quite her own anymore.

Chun was kneeling next to her in a moment. He cradled her head in one hand, and put the other against her--Junsu's--chest. "It's only temporary," he was saying, and at first she thought he meant the pain.

"Fuck you!" she yelled at him in Junsu's voice. It landed like a slap across Chun's face, but he held on.

"We needed a day," he was saying, mouth near her ear. "We needed you, and we needed today. It's only temporary."

George stared at him, tried to make sense of what he'd said while Chun pulled down a towel, bunched it under her head. Her feet and legs were tangled in her pants, but she held still as he began to carefully remove her shoes and socks. He reached for the hem of her pantleg and helped peel her out of them. She kicked them off at last.

He was kneeling at her feet, meeting her eyes. She took several deep breaths, then propped herself up on her elbows, and in so doing caught sight of the bulge in her underwear.

"Oh that is just not right," she growled, and Chun bit his lip, lowered his eyes as she glared and flipped onto her side, caught a finger in her panties and tore them off.

George made it to her feet and stood in front of the mirror again. She watched Junsu touch his face, reach up and rub the spot where she'd bumped her head. It was like watching one of those carnival cutouts where you stick your face through, but she could feel it like it was her own skin. Junsu running a hand over his chest and down, fingering his cock lightly, then touching with more certainly.

"Hmmmmm." The sound came out before she thought about it, and she pulled Junsu's hands away, placed them on the counter. Goodness fucking gracious.

Chun cleared his throat, stood. "Take a shower," he suggested, turning away and walking toward the door. "It'll help you get used to his body."

"One day." She shot at his back. He didn't turn around. "All Hallow's Eve," he confirmed, and shut the door, leaving her alone with Junsu's flesh and blood.

***

It was Chun smoking out on the balcony this time, when she emerged from the bathroom. The shower...had been an experience she would never divulge to anyone. From only the film of smoke and alcohol Junsu'd left on her breath (and she'd been drinking too) she felt that some things would remain hers alone even if Junsu somehow managed to get his body back.

George had wrapped herself in a very thick hotel bathrobe--aware of how ridiculous it now was to be modest in front of Chun when it wasn't even her body--and padded outside. She didn't trip once.

"Who the fucking hell are you?" She had her control back, and her anger was down to its usual slow burn.

Chun turned and she could see that tone in Junsu's voice was almost too sharp a thing for him to handle. He flicked ash, looking away for a moment, then met her eyes.

"My name is Park Yoochun," he told her.

She thought about what she'd seen him--them--do today. "Bullshit," she tossed back. "Who are you really?"

"That is really my name," he answered. She crossed her arms, waited. He sighed. "Do you believe in angels?"

"You're an angel." It was not a nice acknowledgement.

He shook his head. "Not me." Another drag on the cigarette. She noticed there were now two more butts in the ashtray next to Junsu's. "I'm like you--chosen for something after rough circumstances."

"So you're human." He studied her face for a moment. She raised her eyebrows.

Park Yoochun shifted, rubbed at his neck. "Are you human?"

"Yes." She was sure on this one. Not even death could knock that certainty away. In fact, death had made her even more sure.

He nodded. "Then yes, I'm human."

"And Junsu?" She motioned at herself. "He's an angel?" What else could sing to stars and have them obey? Slip their bodies on and off like clothing?

"No," Chun bit his lip again and frowned. "He's not an angel, either."

"Then what the hell, Park Yoochun? What in god's name--" George stopped cold. Maybe it was that she'd finally stopped asking after all the years since she first felt the need to know. Maybe it was the residue of Junsu's soul in his physical form. But at that moment George knew she was right.

"He's a god," she whispered.

"Yes." Park Yoochun's eyes blazed a hole right into her. "He is."