This story is the property of the author.  It may be redistributed, copied and stored without changes, though it is not to be used by commercial entities.  Using this material in any commercial publication, including websites, without the express permission of the author, will be followed up with legal action. This fictional story was written for the entertainment of adults and should not be viewed by those under the legal age.

This is a story of casual, unprotected sex, and is a work of fiction. In real life, use a condom, damnit! Unwanted babies, HIV and all sorts of lesser sexual diseases await the idiot who "dips his wick" or "rides the rod" without protection.
      
---

Nerdy Girl 3 - An Unofficial Sequel (mmf, con, inc, impreg)

by The Mad Rocket Scientist (madrktscntst1@verizon.net)

---

Krosis' note: This is the first fan-made content based on my work, so I'm tickled pink.

---

      After coming so hard, Terri panicked and ran as fast as she could safely do to the bathroom leaving her sister Penny behind on the bed confused. The best that Penny could think of was that her older sister was keeping the act going as Terri ducked into the shower and did her most to clean herself out. 
      Thankfully the spray head had extendible hose. 
      Terri took it and spread her legs apart and flooded her vaginal lips and tried to wash out her whole reproductive area as best she could to remove any cum she could possibly get out. 
      But Terri knew that it is really too late to undo her mistake and that she will most likely be expecting her father's child in another nine months.
      Terri also refused to take responsibility for something that was truly her own fault. 
      She blamed her sister for what has just happened, as ridiculous at that sounds. 
      Who understands female logic?
      Terri started to put a plan into action to take revenge on Penny for her getting her father's cum into her fertile womb.
      Penny on the other hand had her ovulation coming the next day and did not get impregnated from that evening's activities, something that Terri seemed to guess as Penny had not orgasmed and had interrupted things with Terri's finale.
      
      So 
      The next day at school Terri seeks out Peardon. 
      Dressed similarly to a few days ago, short skirted dress and deep cut top. Terri motions for Peardon to come over and she just says, "Lunch in the equipment room?"
      Peardon grins with anticipation, nodded and planed his own joke on Terri.
      Peardon asked, "Can my his friend Larry, (a large black left end on the football team), join us?"
      Terri seeing that it would supply two condoms full of dark skinned boy's sperm instead of one anxiously and happily agreed. "Most definitely!"
      At lunchtime Peardon and Larry meet Terri in the equipment room locking the door behind themselves.
      Terri stripped off her panties and laid back on the bench for the bench press exposing her already moist pussy lips begging for some action.
      Peardon asked, "Is a condom needed? Just like last time?" 
      Terri said, "We can play first but then we should use a condom exactly like we did before."
      Peardon expected this to be what she would say, as Terri was such a tease, she needed to have a lesson taught to her with the prank they had planned for her.
      Peardon drops his pants and his large cock immediately poked out of the fly in his boxers.
      Larry dropped his pants and boxers, exposing the largest cock that Terri had ever seen.
      She is amazed at the huge size of Larry's amazing cock, about ten or eleven inches long and as thick as a coke can. Larry's balls looked the size of baseballs and Terri was certain they would supply a large load in the condom that she desired.
      Larry bent down and began kissing Terri, their tongues tangling.
      While doing this, Larry also unbuttoned Terri's blouse and unhooked the bra, exposing her upper half.
      As Larry was doing this, Peardon grabbed the skirt and pulled it completely off, leaving Terri almost completely naked, with only the blouse on her arms and back.
      Peardon explained with a large grin, "We do not want to get you messy should we all get carried away."
      Peardon then walked up to Terri's head and faced his friend, each on the opposing side of Terri.
      Terri took Larry's cock in her hand, as much as could fit around the raging monster, and lets Peardon's place his between her puffy lips. 
      Peardon's large cock was all light brown in color, with throbbing veins all down it's length and a circumcised purple mushroom head. Not the largest Terri had seen, but close to it. 
      Larry's on the other hand was the largest she had ever seen, uncut and the foreskin made the monster look even longer than it was. It was all dark brown in color, with the head covered with foreskin.  
      Larry's hand moved down between Terri's legs and his fingers start probing the anxious teenager's wet vaginal area. Soon two of his large fingers are moving in and out in a steady rhythm synchronized to Peardon's actions in Terri's mouth. 
      This three-way action, mouth, hand and pussy, soon sent Terri to dizzying heights of pleasure.
      Not wasting much time, Peardon pulled out and rapidly took his place between Terri's wide spread legs, grabbing Terri's hips and jabbing his stiff cock deep into Terri's waiting pussy.
      Peardon started the old in and out with the tip of his cock touching her cervix on each thrust inward quickly sending Terri into an uncontrollable series of orgasms.
      Larry urgently inserted his rigid pole in Terri's open mouth, where Peardon's had been a few seconds ago, stretching it tight and only able to get half way in, as it would not go any further, due to it's girth and length.
      As Peardon came close to exploding, both from the tight pussy and seeing his friend pounding away at the lips of the girl in front of him, and knowing what they had planned together for the girl that would let them play a while only to take the best feelings away at the end with condoms
      He stops and asks, "What's next?" 
      Terri remembers through her fog of orgasmic bliss the condom, she mumbles something incoherent around the cock in her mouth and tosses the condom to Peardon.
      Peardon rips the foil cover off the supplied condom, wraps his cock with it and quickly reinserts his latex coated log in the waiting hole.
      After only a couple more thrusts Peardon says, "You're gonna make me cum, Terri. Oh God, I'm cumming!"
      And he blasts two squirts into the latex balloon. 
      Then he withdraws, removes the condom, squirts one long stream on Terri's belly and then reinserts his uncoated penis to finish blasting away inside the girl with his vital baby-making fluids.  
      Meanwhile, Terri explodes in the most intense orgasm she has ever had. She thinks that Peardon had mostly filled the condom, and finished on her belly before reinserting his cock to slide down from his climax, that Peardon had cum all in the condom and on her belly, and that she was safe due to her father's sperm of the previous evening.  
      Her cervix sucked the cum deep inside her body and the sperm began racing to find their objective. 
      As soon as Peardon was finished and had stepped back, Larry withdrew from Terri's mouth and rushed between Terri's spread legs and begins to fuck the girl feverously. 
      As Larry and Peardon had talked about before they got with Terri, Larry knew what Peardon had just done and wanted to repeat the same process.
      Since Larry's cock was a little longer and thicker than Peardon's, it was sending shock wave after shock wave of orgasms through Terri's body as she moaned in time to each thrust, "Uh Huhh...Uh Uhhh..."
      Terri was loosing control of the situation again as had happened with Peardon.
      Peardon then came forward and let Terri suck his cock clean, which also took her attention away from Larry's activities. 
      She had the condom in her hand again and waved it to Larry between her bouts of near unconsciousness.
      Larry pulled out and as rapidly as he could, opened the condom and rolled it onto his cock. Thankfully she had bought extra large ones in the variety pack from the convenience store on the way to school that morning. 
      Larry started to pound as hard and deep as he could and roared loudly as he came in the condom. 
      As Peardon did, Larry withdrew and took off the condom, squirted once across Terri's belly and reinserted his exposed cock to finish the last couple of blasts deep into the waiting womb.
      Terri was in euphoric bliss as another amazing orgasm swept through her body making her not notice what both boys had done to her
      Little did Terri know that she was ovulating twice that month, each ovary producing an egg a day apart and that the paternal twins would come from two different men's sperm. Her father and Peardon or Larry, whom-ever's sperm was fastest and able to penetrate to fertilize Terri's second egg first.
      Terri took both of the condoms and tied them shut, noticing that there was a little less cum than last time she did this with Peardon, but the combined total would more than do for her plans. 
      Terri felt that the cum squirted across her belly by both men was the missing liquid from the condoms and was not concerned about anything else. 
      Terri, Larry and Peardon clean up and went to their afternoon classes.
      Terri again had a hard time concentrating as her mind was on her plan for that evening.
      Terri noticed some liquid dripping down her legs from time to time that afternoon, yet she was not very concerned because she thought that it was from her intense orgasms, and that the possibility of getting pregnant was past, that she could only be carrying her father's child. 
      Terri talked with a girlfriend and asked her to call her mother after they get home and ask for help with homework, explaining that she needed to get out of the house for a while and away from her sister and her antics for a while.
      Terri then took the mostly filled condoms home and refilled lube bottle. She left the bottle and the vibrator on the nightstand next to her bed in plain sight where she knew that Penny will find them later that evening. 
      The phone rang and Terri rushed to pick it up saying on the way, "I am expecting a call, we had a difficult assignment in class today and Lynda and I talked about helping each other."
      After greeting Lynda on the phone she handed it off to her mother. 
      Terri's mother talked with Lynda for a minute, then asks to talk with Lynda's mother. 
      After a few minutes of chatting about almost everything, Terri's mother discussed her daughter coming over for doing homework. Permission is granted and even a stay-over is agreed to after it was suggested by Terri.
      Terri runs to her room and packed a small bag with the things she would need for school, overnight and the next day.
      
      Penny listened to the conversations and a large grin spreading across her face.
      Since Terri was going to be out all night, Penny realized that her sister's room was unguarded and free to use for as long as she desired.
      
      After dinner and spending some time with her parents watching television, Penny went into her sister's room and grabbed the lube and the vibrator.
      As fast as she could she removed all of her clothes and laid back on the bed preparing for another bout with the vibrator and lube, obsessing on the wonderful feelings she will soon have, and possibly repeat several times that night.
      Remembering the previous night's antics, she began to fanaticize being fucked by Clark, the best looking boy in her opinion in her school, squirting lube between her vaginal lips and thrusting the vibrator deep inside her womb. 
      She did not notice that she had accidentally left the bedroom door slightly ajar.
      Her mother had just taken her shower and in her nightgown walked past the bedroom door. 
      Her mother heard the moans, stopped and listened at the door to the sounds of Penny's sexual excitement.
      The mother got excited and began to rub her vaginal lips with her fingers without thinking of what she was doing.
      But when hears, "Fuck me... Oh Clark Fuck me... Cum in me... Ohh... Yesss... Oh... Oh... Clark Ohhh... OHHH... OHHHHH..."  
      She could hardly believe this was being said by her younger daughter, the mother peeks in.
      The mother gets extremely excited watching her daughter orgasm on a vibrator larger than her husband's rather well endowed organ, the vibrator being eight inches and her husband just six and a half. 
      Penny reaches her peak and screams out in bliss as she orgasms at stratospheric levels, her body going rigid and toes curling, "Oh Clark  Clark Oh God!!!" 
      The mother enters and sits on the bed asking, "Ok Penny What has been going on? And for how long?"
      Penny withdraws the vibrator and takes a couple of minutes to catch her breath and calm down some. 
      Penny then explains from the beginning about the sounds from Terri's room, then about sneaking in to use the lube and vibrator. That it was two months ago that things started, so she felt safe using the lube and vibrator. 
      Penny went into greater and greater detail as she became more comfortable talking with her mother on the subject. 
      Penny's mother unconsciously lowered her hand again to her sopping wet panties and started rubbing again as she had done earlier while just observing her daughter. 
      The longer the story went the more enraptured she got and the more the fingers went until she was penetrating herself.
      After a pause Penny decides to tell her mother about Jessie and May's evening. 
      This gets her mother more agitated and aroused, her fingers digging deeper into her wet engorged lips until they were all the way inside.  
      Then Penny decided to tell all and began telling about the previous evening in minute detail.
      Penny's mother was getting carried away and Penny decided then to place the vibrator in her mother's lap. 
      The tip of the vibrator slips down next to the Clitoris and her mother groans.
      As Penny's story proceeds the vibrator slips back and forth on the outer labia as her mother was now rocking back and forth to the story her fingers unable to give the attention that she was desiring.
      Penny's fingers were on her clitoris starting to make her feel better while telling the story.
      Soon the mother took the vibrator and squirted lube on it and slid it deep into her waiting vagina, losing any embarrassment of masturbating in front of her daughter.  
      The vibrator was slightly bigger than her husbands organ, both in length and circumference, and the vibrating action only intensifies the feelings and desires for more and more.  
      The mother moans and listened to the story progressing about guys fucking her older daughter and the risks of pregnancy and the terrific feelings both her daughters had had. 
      Then Penny took the lube and added more to the vibrator as it was pulled most of the way out for another round of in and outs. 
      As Penny neared the end of the story, the intensity of the details, the description of cumming and the visions they inspired were becoming overwhelming for her mother and herself.
Penny had used half of the lube on herself earlier and most of the rest with her mother.
      Now she decided to use the little that was left after her mother had started using it, to finish her mother off 
      Penny grabbed the vibrator as her mother fell back on the bed and spread her legs as wide as possible, losing any shame remaining for being in front of her daughter in such an undignified manner. 
      Penny left her own desires on the back burner so she could finish her story and help her mother like she did with Terri the previous evening.
      For her mother, all that mattered at that moment was coming, as this was also her time of the month.
      Penny then finished the story in graphic detail with actions to match, as her mother climaxed. The orgasm she had was as intense as any she had ever had in her life. 
      Little did she know that her Cervix was sucking sperm deep inside her, the little wrigglers quickly seeking their destination, an egg to fertilize.
      All three women in the house had their periods almost synchronized, just a day part.
      Penny's mother had always used a condom with her husband around this time of the month, usually a week before and a week after, which is why Terri had found the condoms the previous couple of days. 
      Penny's mother collapsed on the bed after the strong set of orgasms, breathing heavily.
      Then they both cleaned up, the mother taking the vibrator and empty bottle of lube with her so she can ask Terri about them later the next day
      The next morning when Terri returns, her mother took her into the parent's bedroom and asked about her promiscuous behavior. 
      Terri is surprised and became defensive, yet admitted several encounters. But her mother felt there is more to the story and that there were possibly more boys her daughter has had intimate encounters with. 
      Soon under the intense questioning, Terri admits to the many boys she has had encounters with and when. Jeff, Bud, Carl, Colin, Jay, Peardon and Larry. And she explained about the four-way encounter a long while back
      Her mother was shocked when considering the number of partners and the many different experiences her older daughter has had. 
      "What a slut my daughter must be" She thought.
      Again the mother began to get excited and it took a great exertion on her part to remain calm and to conclude their discussion before another incident occurred similar to the one with Penny the previous evening. 
      This put the memory that the mother was going to ask about the vibrator set aside for a later time.
      Terri went to her room to sulk, noticed the vibrator and lube gone from her nightstand, she smiled, thinking they must be in Penny's room. 
      She will not disturb the situation if Penny were to use it again that evening.
      But the vibrator just sat in the top drawer of the dresser in the parent's bedroom, awaiting a discussion later
      Terri felt that her plans had succeeded and did not feel the need to go and find the vibrator and lube for a while, possibly an aftermath emotion from getting pregnant from her father's sperm.
      All goes quiet, as Terri felt that her mother is watching her actions too closely and did not want to loose all her fun that she felt she could begin anew in another month, she just had to be patient.
      A few weeks later there were a number of women who missed their periods.
      Terri was not surprised when her period did not come, she used some allowance money to buy a test kit and discovered she was expecting.
      Penny was disturbed by her missing period and had a quiet discussion with her mother who explains that she too had missed her period. The mother goes out and buys three kits, two to use right away and another for later should Terri need to get tested not knowing that her older daughter did this herself. The two they used on themselves both tested positive. Both were at a complete loss to understand how such a situation could occur. 
      May and Jessica also miss their periods. 
      May in a panic goes to Penny, who takes the spare test and they find that May too can expect nine more months of an expanding belly May swears she has never even come close to any boys, the only activity was the couple of days they used the vibrator, so they were curious if that had anything to do with their predicament. 
      Penny then thought it might also have something to do with her mother's condition as well. 
      Jessica with her riding and all is not concerned until she misses a second period another month later. She goes to her mother and they go to a doctor and get the news Seeing Jessica as much a Tom-Boy and not attracted to boys, they are at a total loss to understand how anything could have happened. 
      As news of the five pregnancies becomes better known, Terri seeks out the vibrator and lube to find them in her parent's dresser. 
      Then she knew the full extent of her mis-behavior and the consequences 
      She quickly flushes out the bottle with soap and water and places them both back exactly where she found them. 
      Terri figures that Penny had been impregnated by Peardon or Larry just as she had planned.
      Terri also realizes that her mother must have used both the lube and vibrator the on that eventful evening. And that either Peardon or Larry would be the father of her half-sibling. 
      Terri does not tell her mother anything, fearful of the repercussions of the events unfolding.
      Yet the mother thinks it might be her husband's because of a possible faulty condom. 
      A big surprise for her will come later.
      
      So... 
      Five pregnancies happen all within a week's time, and with Terri staying quiet the mystery hangs in the air. 
      The hospital was busy a few months later 
      The results were
      Penny's child is a half-black girl, Peardon's baby.
      Terri's twins, one half-black boy from Larry and the other a girl from her father.  
      May's baby boy, half Korean and half Caucasian is from Penny's father. 
      Jessica's half-black baby boy, is from Peardon.
And the mother was shocked when she had a half-black baby girl, (from Larry), a 
completely unexpected and confusing event.  
      One that would be hard to explain to her husband
