Stephanie Unmasked
by William_Wood

Stephanie Unmasked Pt. 04

The masquerade ends in unthinkable exposure for prudish girl.

The party seemed to be rowdier than when she had left it. More than half the guests were dancing now, including various rather intimate looking pairs, and circles of showy women, shadowed by a few lads trying to get involved (and mostly succeeding). Neither the steps nor the accompanying music resembled something as elegant as ballroom anymore. Stephanie Vice spotted Mikayla dancing with two men. Well, 'dancing' was being generous. She was basically a piece of near-nude meat caught in a tuxedo sandwich, and seemed happy enough to be there.

A closer look at her made Stephanie's jaw drop. She was slowly grinding her ass onto the front of one man's pants, who held her there by her hips. The other man stood close, facing her, his arms reaching past her shoulders to lock onto his buddy's. Mikayla was holding onto his waist, but as Steph watched, she brushed a hand over the front of his pants. It wasn't exactly subtle, but apparently nobody, security or otherwise, was of a mind to interfere. Stephanie watched a little longer, observing how she stroked him only ever so slowly, in time with her grinding against the man-post behind her.

"I suppose that's what you would call a cock tease," Stephanie said to nobody in particular. "I'll say it again for that woman. Fearless! But where's her date?" She glanced about, and eventually spotted Jerome Masterson's stunning white and gold getup in a quiet corner, surrounded by a rather sober looking bunch who all seemed to want their slice of his time. What kind of reasons they may have held for placing him in such high esteem befogged her. 'Mysterious Leader'. He may have denied his worthiness of the title, but it held true enough from where Stephanie stood. And her brief conversation with him earlier had done little to alleviate her curiosity towards her benefactor.

"He's not concerned about Mikayla's behaviour, though. They really aren't together. Maybe, hopefully, she hasn't told him what we did."

"Such a fine lady shouldn't be by herself, let alone talking with only herself." It was a young man with a huge, infectious grin, and Steph found herself returning his smile. Like she could ever again be embarrassed by something as trivial as holding a conversation with one's self! The man held up two full champagne flutes, and offered one to Stephanie.

You've had quite enough to drink. Time for a water!

She opened her mouth to make an excuse, but the man stopped her with a finger to her lips. "Nor should she be without a drink in hand on such a night. Though if you're like me, you're thinking it's time to slow down?"

"I was going to say that."

"Well let's make a pact, you and I. One more, and only one. Last chance to savour the taste of free Dom Pérignon."

Stephanie considered he might be trouble to say no to, but his charm was compelling enough that she took the glass. Though, she told herself that she need not drink it all.

"To charity," he proposed cheerfully. Stephanie winced at hearing the word, but they shared a chink and she took a small sip.

She listened to the man's slightly impaired but largely emboldened capacity for conversation for a while. He was there with his girlfriend, but he had grown weary of the dance floor since she had apparently taken to showing him the shoulder in favour of dancing with other ladies. Stephanie figured he just singled her out in the hope that his wife might glance their way and know a little jealousy. In any case he was harmless enough, though she had no real interest in him, available or not.

But other men and women came by and joined in the chat, and she found herself wandering to other groups and meeting a lot of people. Occasionally she stole a glance towards the Jerome Masterson fan club. Just once, her heart pressed against the top of her ribcage when she found him staring right back at her. His ivory-look enamel mask failed to disguise the piercing hold of his large dark eyes, and Stephanie had a squirmish thought that the fabric of her dress had turned completely transparent under his gaze. Perhaps through her skin and bone as well, and right into the mischievous sexual being that was clawing its way out of her tonight.

She retained enough composure to look away immediately. Well, not so immediately that her awkwardness would be obvious. She hoped.

At some point she noticed Brad and Mia mingling amongst the various little groups. No more energetic dancing from those two, and she awarded herself zero points for hazarding a guess as to why. By her reckoning, they had been absent for a very long time.

It was 11:00pm when the music slowly faded to next to nothing, and there came an announcement. "Ladies and Gentleman, your attention please. The time has finally come, for the much anticipated charity auction!" There were enthusiastic cheers from most of the room, though some women quieted, suddenly looking rather nervous. Stephanie, naturally, fell into the latter category.

A display stand was set up on the first landing of the elaborate staircase that was the main feature of the Auream Grand's Great Hall and ballroom, and an unfamiliar girl in a black skirt and jacket was arranging stacks of large canvases upon it. When she was done, there were two stacks facing the crowd, with a blank sheet of paper at the front of each, so that those below couldn't see the first images yet.

"Please, allow me to explain how this will work," the man, whose voice had served as announcer for the evening, meandered down to the landing with a wireless microphone. "At the commencement of each lot, my beautiful assistant Lisa will reveal the full size canvas depicting the lovely lady whose glamorous portfolio you are bidding on. Each lot includes the prints and portfolio only. It doesn't entitle you to any special time with the subject, ok, fellas?"

"Unless I buy my wife's one myself!" Someone in the crowd blurted it out, and Stephanie cringed. He wasn't particularly witty; she had already heard people talking about how they planned to win their own lots. But in the spirit of the cause, they would see to it that others didn't get out of it cheaply.

"Yes, quite," the MC-made-auctioneer agreed shortly. "Now, as you see on the stand, each lot has a second canvas, which we hope will serve as an incentive for your generosity tonight. More specifically, Lisa will only reveal it once the bidding reaches five thousand dollars. Think of it as meeting a reserve in order to unlock a bonus item. For any lots that do not reach this reserve, the bonus canvas will instead be destroyed. A regrettable waste, I'm so very sorry to say."

There were many excited murmurs from amongst the crowd.

They can't mean - surely not. Nope.

The woman introduced as Lisa tore the piece of paper obscuring the first canvas, marking the start of the first auction. The subject was a beautiful red-head, tall and leggy, with pale skin suitably marred by countless, cute little freckles. She was wearing a long gown of burnt blood-orange. Natalie had somehow brought out extraordinary brightness in her blue eyes that gazed on from behind a simple, but functional mask. The pose was playful, with her stiletto's removed and hanging over one hand, and the other dangerously close to tipping a near-empty champagne flute. Her body language suggested an intention to retire to the nearby armchair.

The bidding started at $100 and quickly went up to $1,000, courtesy of the woman's husband. She hadn't spoken to them, but that fiery hair and tall, elegant stature had caught her eye on a few occasions. Like many others with cheaper masks, she was no longer wearing hers. She was smiling nervously while twirling a ginger lock in her fingers.

The bidding continued, with the $5,000 bid coming immediately after $4,000. The bidder was not the woman's husband, but that did not stop (or perhaps it encouraged) an enthusiastic cheer from those gathered.

Stephanie did not cheer. She had a bad feeling about this.

"Thank you sir, for bringing us up to the reserve for the bonus. Lisa, you may now reveal the subject's second canvas."

His assistant smiled broadly, and tore the paper away. There were gasps among the audience, and then, wolf whistles and applause.

Fuck. They did. They really, actually did!

In the second canvas, the 'subject' had certainly made herself comfortable on the armchair. She appeared to be sleeping, still holding the champagne flute, although it hung upside down over the side of the chair from her loosely dangling arm. However, those details were largely out of focus. The true subject of the photo was most definitely her legs, and... in between them.

She sat towards the edge of the large armchair, and was leaning back into a corner of the support. One of her legs hung over the upholstered arm, while the other was stretched out straight, creating a daring spread that Natalie had exploited in high resolution. The photo was taken level with the cushion upon which the girl sat, pointed straight between her thighs. Her long gown should have covered that part of her, but she was holding the hem up against her belly, deliberately exposing herself.

Stephanie admired all the fine details in terrible awe. This woman wore panties. Not a g-string - panties. But they were the nude coloured, seamless type - the sort that would have been perfect for Stephanie if she had only thought to buy such a thing ahead of time. Panties or no, the view was highly erotic. The pure ivory of her thighs was a striking contrast to the darker coloured dress, and it was clear that she retained her natural allotment of pubic hair.

I really am the only person classless enough to have got that removed, aren't I?

Aside from the clear indentation of a full bush into the ultra thin nylon, the tips of long ginger strands escaped the edges of her panties and stood out against her inner thighs. They probably could have been tucked behind the material easily enough, but Stephanie wondered if Natalie had asked the girl for the precise opposite arrangement for the sake of her controversial shot.

But perhaps the most embarrassing part was the dime-sized spot of moisture that turned the almost nude coloured material dark and transparent. Right in front of the woman's vagina.

"This lot is entitled, 'Sweet Dreams'. Bidding will now resume, with the gentleman at the back currently leading with five thousand."

The bids continued for 'Sweet Dreams', although they were trickling in slowly at increments of just $100. Stephanie watched the girl - the redhead, wondering how she was coping with such embarrassment. She seemed ok all considered, repeatedly glancing at the photo, giggling and burying her face in her husband's sleeve. Each time a man in the room upped the bid she would spin and gawk at the culprit. She didn't seem upset with them; her expression was more one of wonder for these strangers who found her appealing enough to offer up such sums of cash.

The lot was 'going twice at $7,900' to the man who first pushed it to $5,000, before the redhead's husband finally swooped in with a panicked bid of $8,000, securing him the win. Even Stephanie could tell he was at the limit of what he was prepared to spend, and that the real reason for his final bid was the firm grip his wife had under his crotch.

He was still wincing in pain as he tried to smile for the applause following his victory. Stephanie bit her lip, for the couple sparked her imagination. Would the girl show some appreciation to her rescuer later on tonight? Perhaps not, she guessed. The redhead was yet to relinquish her cruel grip on him, and he seemed to just take the punishment with a tortured sneer, but didn't try to break free. Perhaps this kind of treatment was common in their bedroom? Stephanie silently wished the man a long and uncomfortable night of swollen, achy testicles. He obviously had money, so he shouldn't have even been toying with the idea of conceding that photo to another man's collection.

Jeez, who am I? Where did I even come up with that!

Lot #2 featured the giggly friend of the girl in the yellow dress from the bathroom. Stephanie felt concerned for her, being a bit overweight, and subjected to something like this. But, Natalie had captured her looking joyous in one of her torrents of laughter, and, perhaps helped by a seductive glimpse of cleavage, bidding soon reached $5,000. At that point it became apparent to Steph that each sale ought to fetch at least that much.

The second photograph was as shocking as the redhead's, with the girl perched on the back of the barstool, her medium length skirts pulled out so that she was mostly sitting on her bare thighs. Naturally, the photo was taken from behind and beneath. Instead of trying to disguise the girl's big butt, Natalie had emphasised it by forcing it to spill over the edge of the stool. Her ass looked huge in the photo frame! The men loved it, and the final result didn't fall all that far short of the redhead's.

Next up was 'yellow dress', and Stephanie was rather relieved, but also slightly disappointed, that the naughtier photo of her squatting right over the lens had not been the one selected for the bonus canvas. Instead, it was a more candid looking upskirt shot. The girl wore a thong, and her buttocks were firm and nicely rounded, partially obscured by the fall of her dress about her legs. And then Stephanie made a connection - she had seen those girls fairly late in the evening, and it seemed reasonable that they were auctioning these in the reverse order from the time at which they were taken. As if they were printed out in a big stack, and now the auctioneer was simply working through that stack.

Which makes me lucky last.

Stephanie dared enough to hope that her contribution had been finalised hours ago, and lay at the bottom of the stack. There was no way they would have printed out one of those photos in the large size. They shouldn't have even had time. And, Natalie had promised that she would just include them as loose sheets at the back of her completed booklet. However, Natalie had never mentioned that the whole party would get to see the more risque shots she had been asked to take.

The auctions went on, always fetching at least $5,000, so that everyone could hoot and holler when the upskirt photos were revealed. Stephanie too was drawn to the erotica strongly enough, but her anxiety for her coming turn stopped her from sharing in the excitement of what seemed like every other person, even the women being exploited.

Each of the 'money shots' were bold, and sexy. Some focused on a girl's buttocks, some, like with the redhead's, captured the crotch area. And others were the classic upskirt view, the camera positioned between the feet. Many were especially rude in some way or another, but all of them were glamorous.

A few others joined the redhead with damp stamps on their panties, but these stopped after a while (as they got to photos taken earlier in the night, Stephanie considered). Some had pubic hair partially escaping the narrow material of their thongs, but despite her earlier self-chastising, Stephanie realised that the majority of these women seemed well groomed down there.

When they got to Mikayla's turn, Stephanie was again taken aback by how brazen the European beauty was, how completely uninhibited. The first photo, as might have been expected, had been sure to capture the golden jewelled snakes that served as her only covering above the waist (except for the gorgeous mask Jerome Masterson had gifted to her). Natalie could have posed Mikayla so that her nipples were covered for the shot, but apparently she had instead sought to show them off as much as possible.

The bids got up to $5,000 in short order, and the second canvas was unveiled. Mikayla had been standing tall on her long legs and stilettos, but bending over to lean on the little cocktail table. Stephanie recalled that Natalie had told her about this, and she hadn't been exaggerating when she said it was hot. Her short skirt might have been enough to cover her ass from the back, but naturally the shot was taken from a little underneath.

Mikayla was a model, and her bottom was nothing too outrageous to behold. However, she seemed very relaxed for the shot, and the black string of her thong was clearly visible between well defined cheeks. And a string was all it was - so barely there that the soft, wrinkled tissue surrounding her anus was captured in a display that while frightfully lewd, conveyed a certain innocence. Mikayla probably hadn't realised that the photo included a peek of that part of her. It didn't really seem fair to Stephanie since there was nothing amiss about the way she wore the g-string. If it had been her, she was sure she would have been completely ignorant.

But we've already established I'm completely ignorant about g-strings. Or I wouldn't have turned up to this ball a pantyless slut!

That lot settled at $14,750, a donation that impressed everybody in the crowd. Stephanie noticed that although Jerome Masterson once again stood by Mikayla's side as her date, he had not bid on her photos personally. Had he even bid on any lots, in that case?

Soon after that, Mia materialised by Stephanie's side. She seemed to have a talent for materialisation. She too no longer had her mask on, and she smiled at Stephanie, who nervously returned one as best as she could.

Does she know? I bet she knows. She knows I was watching them, and she's going to call me on it.

"Shit, that asshole!" Mia whisper-yelled harshly. She looked uncomfortable, squirming with her legs together, and looking down the front of her dress with concern.

Did Brad make good on his threat? Was his... stuff... coming out of her, and causing her problems?

With that thought, Stephanie felt a little more powerful. Now Mia was the one embarrassed by the situation under her dress, and Stephanie was the one who saw right through her. It hadn't helped the poor girl that her turn in the auction had been up there among the most indecent. Perhaps inspired by her tango performance at the start of the night, the bids went up higher than most. The photo under her dress had been the classic kind of upskirt shot, but zoomed in close, creating an emphasis on an obnoxious bulge against her skimpy red g-string. Stephanie had of course spied on the woman with her underwear removed, and she appreciated how her wild pubic hair, along with the thick lips of her labia, would create such a look.

Though, she doesn't even have that g-string on anymore, does she?

There had been plenty of appreciation around the room, with a few 'what an ass!' comments within Stephanie's ear shot. She too admired Mia's toned, golden bubble-butt, and the bidding had closed well over ten thousand, though not quite reaching the record set by Mikayla's lot. She hadn't had eyes on Brad, but as far as she could tell he had not even tried to compete in the bidding war to safeguard his lover's honour.

But it was Mia's discomfort in this moment that emboldened Stephanie. It was probably the first time she had held any advantage all night, and she was taken by a sudden whim to exercise that power.

She placed her hand on Mia's arm, earning the girl's attention. Her dark features were as wild as they were lovely. And, following her comment, she really did look kind of mad!

"Mia, are you ok? Did... did Brad make good on his threat?"

There was a hesitation, and then Mia's eyes widened with recognition, and she put her hand over Stephanies and gave it a squeeze.

"Oh my God, it was you!"

"I'm so sorry, I wouldn't have, but I just came by and you know the door was open, and-"

"It's ok," Mia cut her off. "Honestly, I was pretty fucking nervous that someone had been watching, and it was worse that they just ran off. But I'm actually glad it was you, better than some random creepy guy. But you know-"

Mia let her hand go, only to touch her palm to Stephanie's face, forcing her to look straight into her big, brown eyes. "It was you who inspired him in the first place. If you had made yourself known in there, he probably would have invited you to come in and watch properly." Mia slowly let her hand wander down Stephanie's neck, then over the front of her dress, briefly caressing a breast on it's way down. Stephanie blinked, but did not move. Mia's fingers made her again acutely aware of the clear impression her nipples made into the soft, thin silk. An impression surely made upon every person in attendance at some point or other this night.

So much for my position of power. I just handed it straight back to her!

"And you know, I love him, but," Mia's eyes lit up as she squeezed Steph's hip. "I'm also one to share my things. Were you at least touching yourself?"

"No!"

Mia giggled. "Oh? That's a pity. I bet you wanted to. A girl doesn't go to a party commando unless she plans on being naughty about it. Masturbating under your dress with no panties. Brad would have loved to watch that. I would have loved to watch that."

Stephanie was stunned, and had no words in response. Had this woman any shame at all?

The wandering hand progressed to her leg, and cut across to her inner thigh, successfully navigating the split in her dress. Then, she turned her hand, and started to stroke upwards. Stephanie looked about, and noticed a few men and women casually watching them, eyes shining with interest from behind their masks.

And at that moment, a waiter came by carrying a tray of empty flutes, and Stephanie grabbed a napkin from it. "Here you go," she said, offering it to Mia, partly in consideration of the young woman's own little problem, but mostly as a friendly way to put a halt to the current proceedings. Mia gratefully accepted the offering, and, with about as much discretion as she could manage, reached into the split of her own dress to attend to things. As far as subtlety went, she failed. Their small audience still observed silently, and she must have known it. For all her bravado, Mia was now bright red across her cheeks, and she no longer had a mask on to hide it.

Well, good. If she's not embarrassed by that, she's not human.

"And, ladies and gentleman, this brings us to the last lot of the night. Lisa, would you please do the honours?"

The auctioneer's assistant revealed the portrait, and Stephanie was presented with her own image on a 20" by 30" canvas. She suddenly felt weightless in her stomach, and it was like all the alcohol in there was absorbed into her body in an instant, making her head feel empty and sick.

It's me. This is really happening. They are going to bid on my photo now, which is somehow going to sell for $5,000. But everyone will be disappointed, because...

It had come up faster than she expected. Obviously, not every woman in attendance had found her way to Natalie's studio. Steph had done the math on this earlier. Natalie would have had to have spent just a few minutes on each girl if she were to get through them all, but she had instead taken her time to make each subject feel special. That, and, 50 or so lots would have taken a long time to auction off.

But there was something wrong with this last lot, that being the absence of a second canvas (to Stephanie's profound relief). There came some general murmuring around the room, and she figured others were making the same connection.

Stagnant Stephanie.

She felt panic starting to creep in, as if she were being attacked. She found it incredible that so many girls had participated in the 'money shot' effort for the fundraising. But surely a woman didn't need to be very far along the prudish scale to refuse such an untoward proposition! Why was she the only one who hadn't participated?

Except, I did in the end.

"Figures," Mia murmured beside her. "In your position, I wouldn't have agreed to the upskirt snap either. And I'm still pretty shocked that they've shown them off to everyone, like this!

Thank you, Mia. Validation is sweet.

Despite the absence of the second canvas, the bidding quickly reached one thousand and was steadily increasing. Stephanie forced herself to swallow her apprehension enough to take a closer look at the work on display.

It was one of the last photos taken during her first session with Natalie. She had been leaning her butt against the back of the arm chair, side-on to the camera, the split side of her gown accommodating a generous peek at a creamy thigh. Her hands were pulling the violet silk away from her chest, and a large amount of a supple breast was exposed, her areola just barely still obscured from the scrutinising camera lens. The polished emerald surface of her mask sparkled, with the long, crooked beak turned up towards the ceiling.

'Little witch'. It's fitting, alright. And that's what they should name it.

The bidding exceeded three thousand, and Stephanie felt her mouth losing moisture while ants scurried all over her skin. They knew there wasn't going to be a 'bonus', but they were still bidding higher than she valued herself. And that made her feel uncomfortable and guilty.

At least, no bonus that they know about. Yet.

At this point she held no doubt that the nude photos would indeed be included as a few loose pages added to her portfolio. Perfectly convenient for someone to frame for their man cave, photocopy and circulate to their friends, scan and upload to the internet...

Bidding did appear to be slowing down, when someone appeared in the vicinity of the auctioneer. A girl in a black cocktail dress. Natalie. And, she was holding another large canvas. She handed it to Lisa, and after a brief, private conversation with the auctioneer, she hurried off. She hadn't searched Stephanie out in the crowd, and the guilty look on the girl's face filled her with trepidation.

"Wonderful bidders, my gracious, generous patrons, it seems there is a hmmm, eleventh hour development with this final lot. We have a bonus canvas for you after all. Apparently, this particular young lady had been the very first to make her contribution to the cause, but hadn't yet enjoyed enough of the cellar's offerings to entertain all of our photographer's requests." There were a few chuckles and giggles, and people nodded their understanding for how Stephanie might have felt some three or four hours ago.

No. No way. No, no, no fucking way.

"However, I'm pleased to say, our subject came around in the end, in fact the ink on this one was barely dry in time for the sale. It is entitled, 'Blossoming Butterfly'. Ladies and Gentleman, I believe we were at $3,400, courtesy of the gentleman in the crimson tuxedo."

Mia enquired softly by her side, "Stephanie? Did you really?" Stephanie bit her lip and nodded. She tried to speak, but her tongue was now a stiff, dry biscuit. She swallowed, and tried again.

"Right at the end. I hid in the studio when I ran from Brad, and, so that I could stay there for a few minutes-"

"-What on earth? It's not like Brad even chased you. He just shut the door and, you know... he had more pressing needs than finding the culprit. And that photographer - she's on a commission right? A percent or two of the auction sales, I heard someone say."

Stephanie barely heard Mia's comments; they weren't helpful anyway. The photos had been taken for one reason, and one reason only. Because Stephanie had wanted it. She had wanted Natalie to see her, along with whichever gentleman purchased the photos. That was the deal, or so she had been led to believe.

The bidding reached $4,750. Another waiter came by, and there was one full champagne flute on his tray. Stephanie reached for it and virtually poured it down her throat, surprising herself that she could so quickly drink something that was so cold, carbonated and alcoholic at the same time. Her head spun like a gravitron, though that may have been the case even before the sudden influx of more poison.

The waiter eyed her with concern, and she slammed her glass back onto the tray. "Please," she said to him. "My name is Stephanie Vice, could you be so kind as to run and collect my belongings from the cloak room?"

"Ah, yes, certainly, Miss Vice. You seem a little distressed, might I ask what I'll be looking for?"

"Just an envelope with my room keys in it. And yes, I am in a hurry. Please, as fast as you can. Kind sir!" The waiter nodded, and, with no liquids left on his tray, cut an efficient path zig-zagging through the crowd.

"You're going to do a runner?"

Stephanie nodded without facing Mia. Her brain was being ravaged inside a washing machine, and she didn't want to look at anybody in this ballroom anymore. Dizzy, she leaned her forehead into the back of her hand, which felt quite cool by comparison. She could only imagine how she must look; even her trusty mask wouldn't contain her emotion this time.

"It's ok sweetie, everyone else had their turn, you'll be fine." It was a male voice somewhere near her, but she didn't even search out the face to offer him the scowl of death she felt within.

"And thank you sir, that makes $5,000, so I'm happy to say the reserve for the bonus item has been met. Lisa, one last time, if you would please!"

Stephanie believed that she didn't want to look, but ultimately she couldn't stop herself from lifting her eyes in time to witness the unveiling. Lisa had a dumb bimbo smile on her stupid face as she tore at the paper covering, like she was presenting something as inoffensive as a child's finger painting.

The canvas was revealed. And then. Complete silence.

But after that, an almighty cheer rose up amongst the crowd. Someone took her hand, and squeezed it reassuringly. "I guess we're even, then."

Stephanie returned Mia's squeeze, and dared to behold the spectacle at the podium.

There it was - her upskirt photo, and not just any. It was surely the very last one Natalie had taken, the one where Stephanie had done the naughtiest pose, with her legs spread like a porn star. A moment of such unprecedented stupidity that she could scarcely believe it was really her. A moment inspired by a sudden, uncharacteristic desire to advance her participation in matters of sensuality. Except that fate had captured her in her brief lapse, and now punished her by sharing it with the world.

The main subject of the photo was a clear view of her ass, spread wide by her posture and framing her bare-naked vulva. The silliest thing she realised as she stared in abject horror, was that she didn't even recognise her own genitals. Not really, not like this.

Her lips were delicate, pinkish-brown flanges that curled back over her labia majora, exposing the soft flesh of her vaginal walls which were a well of creamy girl-cum.

"A butterfly pussy," she heard someone nearby murmur. "And a real nice one too."

I thought we all just had vaginas. Since when did men feel it necessary to create classifications for them!

The bidding resumed, though Stephanie barely heard them. They seemed to be taking their time, drawing out the worst moment of her life for as long as possible.

Like every other person in the room, Stephanie continued to stare at the pornography. The beauty technician had certainly done her job the previous day, with not a single stray hair or millimetre of stubble for her private areas to hide amongst. Her labia really did look like butterfly wings, tapered at her vagina and flaring out in line with her little clitoral hood, which might have been the creature's soft little head. Her lips looked kind of wrinkly towards the edges. She hadn't had any idea. Had never desired to take such a close look.

"Are you still that wet, little witch?" Brad had at some point crept up behind her, and his lewd remark was met with an immediate smack in the chest from Mia. But Stephanie found herself nodding slightly. Her capacity for reason had evaporated along with her dignity, and all she could do was be honest. To Brad and Mia. To everyone here. To herself. She was Stephanie Vice, 22 years old, and she was ready to share her precious virgin body - but she had only wanted it to be with the right person. As for Brad's comment - it was bad enough that the little puddle of her concentrated juices were basically centred in the photo, but the same thing that she had cleaned up in the bathroom had happened again as well.

As a lady walks, her thighs rub together. Without underwear, things like this can happen. Her drippings can get worked into a lather and then stick between her bits, and in this case that obscene silken thread was back, adjoining one of her 'butterfly wings', onto a large smear on her inner thigh. It didn't really mean anything, other than that she had been getting rather worked up down there from the untoward incidents leading up to her second visit to that damn studio.

But they love it.

Bidding had already exceeded ten grand, and didn't seem to be letting up. There were many interested parties for the grand finale. Where was that waiter with her room keys? There was no need for her to stay and find out which among these perverts was the least satisfied with having such a good gawk now; these men who felt like they needed to revisit her disgrace again when they got home, as often as they wanted and for as long as they lived.

Brad started up again, undeterred by Mia's tendency to respond instantly with violence to any comments she deemed inappropriate. "I have mixed feelings about this, little witch. I liked being about the only person to figure out your cheeky secret. Now everyone knows, even if they didn't bother to meet you. Doesn't seem fair. But on the other hand, now I don't have to imagine anymore. I mean damn, you even got a cute little butt-hole too!"

Mia's blows rained down upon him again, this time targeting his groin. "You're so gross! And mean!"

"What? Her taint looks really sweet, and I wanna taste it. I bet she tastes better than you, slut."

There was the sound of Brad suffering through some kind of agony, but Stephanie didn't turn to look at the quarrelsome, if passionate pair of lovers. She could no longer care less what they said or did. Her eyes dragged up the image to her 'cute little butt-hole', as Brad had called it. Another part of her that she hadn't felt a need to study before. She had spread her legs widely enough that her ass cheeks opened around it. A tightly sealed pit surrounded by pinkish-brown wrinkles. It was her dirtiest, most private part. And now, exposed for all the world to have an opinion on.

Ok, I'm ready to check out. Of life.

"Thirty thousand," a voice called from the back of the room. Stephanie blinked, realising that someone had just doubled the bid. Someone really wanted this picture, and whatever other snaps awaited within the pages of her portfolio. They wanted it badly enough to part with an obscene sum of money! Stephanie shook her head to try and clear her nausea, and gazed over towards their high roller. And her mouth dropped.

It was Jerome Masterson himself. Her boss whom she revered as Mysterious Leader, and the founder of the very charity he was preparing to donate to. The one person Stephanie had been confident would not be bidding on her prize. In fact, she reflected that he had not participated in making a single bid until now. Why now? Why her?

The auctioneer was very excited about the latest bid. However, there was otherwise general silence. Who would want to compete with Jerome Masterson in the first place, and especially after he had just doubled the price of the highest previous lot? That racy prize had featured Mikayla - his own date that evening - and every person in the room would have noticed that he had abstained from bidding on even that one.

"Thirty thousand going once... going twice!"

And then, it dawned on Stephanie, the real reason for Jerome's participation. It wasn't that he was a pervert, or that he sought some kind of extra control over her as her boss. This was a mercy. 30,000 mercies. By bringing the auction to a swift close, the picture would finally be taken away. Stephanie's humiliation would endure as a life-long scar, but at least this present, excruciating moment would at last fizzle out.

"Thirty thousand going three times. And? Sold! To our gracious host and generous benefactor, thank you so very much sir!" Lisa stacked the first canvas over the diabolical second, and added them to the stack to be distributed among the auction winners.

Stephanie looked back over at Jerome Masterson, but couldn't read his expressionless, masked face. She swallowed, and bit her lip. She couldn't just let this slide. He had just committed to $30,000, just out of pity for her! She had to do something. Say something. Anything!

And so, Stephanie Vice, the once prudish and shy clerk, plucked the courage to worm her way through the crowd to where her Mysterious Leader stood. Mikayla had vacated from his side. She didn't know where the woman whom she had shared her first passionate kiss with was, but she was kind of glad. It was bad enough speaking to anybody she knew at this point. And just where was that waiter?!

"Mr Masterson-"

"-Jerome," he corrected her for the second time with a calm, kind voice. She looked up at his face, the white and gold enamel moulded perfectly over his skin. She let the intimidating aura of his devilishly curved goat horns wash over her, and she shuddered. But, his brown eyes were soft and human, and were focused solely on her now. Those eyes that, only moments ago, had been lingering over that most damning canvas. Only a few glimpses of his flesh were left bare by his suit - his hands, his neck, up to his chin and around his mouth. His skin was dark, yet glowed with the power that she allowed him over her.

Despite her present personal turmoil, Stephanie almost lost her breath as she again took in this beautiful man up close. Her humiliation had not diminished her arousal - if anything, it had made it worse. If her need earlier in the night was a mild tickle that she had tolerated, it was now a desperate itch that would be scratched one way or another the moment she was back in her room. Her vagina was radiating heat enough to combat the ballroom's substantial air conditioning, and from the slickness she felt between her thighs, she had no doubt that a few more of those obnoxious 'threads' had formed.

"I don't know, I mean. What am I supposed to-"

"It's ok, you don't have to say anything. It was my fault for allowing this to happen. Don't let the establishment of my fund fool you; I'm no saint, as you can tell."

"Umm, well, thank you, anyway. First the mask and then the room, and now, this? It's too much, actually. I'm overwhelmed. You've overwhelmed me tonight, Mr Jerome Masterson. And there's nothing I can do to repay you."

"That's not true. I purchased that last lot because I wanted it. I have a few pieces of art in my home, but nothing quite so erotic. I hope you won't think this affects the way I perceive you, Miss Vice. But you are very lovely, and I wanted the artwork for myself. I'm going to rename it though, may God forgive the sacrilege. But 'Blossoming Butterfly' just reeks of crass. I think it should be, 'Stephanie Unmasked'. Yes. I'll have a little plaque done up to accompany the two frames."

Stephanie swallowed. It was a good name, but she refused to admit it to him. "Is that so? I guess it would be a lot for me to ask you to tear it up the moment they hand it over." She spoke with something that bordered on sarcasm, but he responded only with a crooked smile. Not good enough. She wanted to leave a proper impression to accompany his prize, and had to snuff out the petulance. "Jerome? If you... if you think I'm beautiful, why not ask to see my face? I can tell you now, all of the pictures in my 'portfolio' have my mask on. It has been my lifeline tonight, to tell the truth. But, I could take it off now. You know, for my dashing white knight."

Oh God. Too much?

"Not necessary, Miss Vice. It seems we've attracted quite the audience, and I think you might appreciate your anonymity a little longer. Perhaps I'll see your face properly some other time?"

"Miss Vice?" It was the waiter, finally returned. "I do apologise for the delay. Someone had tucked the envelope into another person's jacket for safe keeping, and I had to track them down to get to the bottom of it."

He handed her the thin package, bowed, and left. Stephanie bit her lip, as she had many times tonight. Usually right before she did something stupid and against the grain of expectations that was the established, 'stagnant' Stephanie Vice.

That's right, I have two keys now.

She had left hers in the hotel room, and had acquired the spares from reception. There were three adults booked in her suite, so the hotel had prepared as many key cards.

Stephanie opened the envelope, and took a slice of plastic from it.

Time to do something stupid!

"Perhaps, Jerome, you would like to see me... 'unmasked' sooner than later? I'll never be dolled up this well again, I assure you." She stretched her arm out to him, offering the spare key to her room. She was sure he wouldn't take it, and that all she would accomplish was to dig her great old hole even deeper.

He wants pictures of your vagina for his art collection, but he doesn't want to know you. You're just an employee, a lowly clerk. What do you hope to achieve with this, the dumbest stunt you've pulled all night?

But Jerome smiled, took the card from her gently, and added it to his jacket pocket. His skin was refreshingly cool compared to her own mess of burning flesh, and she resisted the urge to grab onto his hand. "If you'll excuse me, Miss Vice. I have lots of farewells to attend to, and thanks to you - I'm sure there will be many curious enquiries to quell."

He didn't say anything about what she had just done. Did he just take the card to be polite? Before too many people noticed what the pantyless vixen was up to now?

No more questions. Time to go.

Steph turned from Jerome, who was already engaged with the first 'curious enquiry', and headed for the grand stairs that were her path to the elevators, and her room. Every step of the way, the guests noticed her, paused their conversations, and allowed her passage. They treated her to encouraging smiles, and many made comments regarding her 'beauty' or 'courage' or 'generosity'. Stephanie didn't care for their paper-thin gestures of support, and flatly ignored the throngs of people, unapologetically leaving it all behind her.

And as she climbed the great staircase, she was again all too aware of the cool air caressing her naked, wet sex beneath her dress. But this time, every person at the party could see through her. She could feel dozens of eyes watching her bare back, and her thinly veiled posterior. As she treaded higher, above their heads, she wondered if they could see up her dress.

Though they needn't bother, not anymore. There is no more mystery to me. I might as well lift my skirt up to my waist right now. Amuse them one more time for my grand exit.

Stephanie did no such thing of course, but she did in that moment catch herself smiling. What she could possibly have been pleased about, she couldn't explain. Only that the thrill she had felt for most of the night was still following her as she departed the ballroom. Everybody had 'seen' her, and she had survived. In the moment she had fancied that she would be better off smited from existence, but now that her humiliation was downgraded to a memory, albeit her most recent one? Embarrassment was no longer her prevailing emotion. A certain need had become pressing indeed, and she had best make good time back to her room, lest it start to drip all the way down her leg.

Steph rode the elevator alone, and took the time to again consider what clothes she had brought along for such a brief trip. For going to bed in.

I might receive a late night visitor.

Other than her travel clothes, and what had turned out to be painfully redundant sets of knickers, she had only her dull flannelette pyjamas. She scrunched her nose at the thought of ever wearing those again. Stephanie Vice had changed in a way there would be no going back from. She understood this in a moment of clarity as she considered her sleep attire. There was a mirror at the back of the lift, and she found herself admiring the menacing look of her mask one last time. The emerald enamel reflected the bright light above; it exuded a radiance to match the excitement boiling within her. She traced that cruel looking beak with her finger, and cracked a sly smile.

"Stephanie Unmasked, eh? I can work with that." Jerome Masterson had come up with it, but he hadn't been referring to his fine gift to her a few weeks prior. But, certainly, many masks had been peeled from her mind and body over the course of this adventure. And that led her to a decision regarding her bedroom attire. The moment she was back in her suite, Jerome's beautiful gift would serve as her sole article of covering. Her heart raced.

What if he really comes!

Steph's mind did a throwback to several hours ago, when she had been interrupted while entertaining this very scenario, only then it has been nothing more than an innocent fantasy. It seemed like much longer ago, but she hadn't forgotten how good it had felt to touch herself in the bathtub. She blushed to recall how that indulgence had been to blame for her accidental exposure to the hair and makeup artists. In hindsight, that private time of self discovery had set the precedence for the entire evening.

Perhaps I should go back there...

Yes! She would refill the bath, and continue where she had left off. No holding back this time. She thought of Brad and Mia in that private little office, and how audible Mia's complaints had been after she invited him to fuck her hard over the desk.

Maybe I'll be a little loud, too..

She giggled to herself, and said aloud, "well, why not? It's late, and there won't be any interruptions this time."

Except maybe one...

*Ping!*

The elevator doors opened, and Stephanie sauntered out and down the hall. The fancy brass handle to her luxury suite was in sight. "If he does come? Well, I'm as ready as I'll ever be." She laughed, and called out her final challenge.

"Stagnant Stephanie indeed!"
