Jensen smiled at the bartender, took the beer and brought it to his lips. He sucked down a decent gulp and rubbed his hand over his face. He wasn't sure why he was even there, except that he knew Christian and Steve would never come looking for him there. They were likely trying to get him on his cell. The cell he'd purposefully left on the charger at home. Jensen had never expected Tony to leave him, to come home to find him with boxes packed, a new apartment ready and a slightly more than cool attitude. He was still reeling, these two weeks later.

Jared sat at a stool in the White Swallow and tried to ignore all the happy couples around him. He hadn't managed a long term relationship since Rick and never felt more like a loser. Another Valentine's Day on his own, and no sign that was going to change. Even his successful and happy job as a drama and English teacher at the local high school did not make him feel any better. And then Jared saw him sitting by himself a bit further down... Jensen Ackles. Shaking his head, Jared stood and walked over, not wanting to be by himself anymore. "Hey, Jensen. Fancy meeting you here."

Turning at the voice, Jensen blinked up at Jared and offered a half smile. "Jay? Hi...yeah, it's unexpected to be here." He waved at the empty stool next to him.

Jared straddled the stool and set his beer down on the bar. "I never thought to see you again. And definitely not alone on Valentine's Day. Imagined you'd be long since settled down." He chuckled hoarsely. "Course, I thought I'd be happily coupled by now, too.”

"You and me both," Jensen said with a sigh, finishing his beer and waving to the bartender for another. "Thanks," he said hoarsely, taking the beer and rolling it between his hands. “Woulda thought you'd have a boyfriend by now."

Jared put an 'L' over his forehead with a hand and said, "I think loser must be tattooed on me." He paused and then chuckled softly. "Or should I not make tattoo jokes with you?"

Jensen snorted. "Tattoos are no longer taboo." He laughed and shook his head before sucking down a third of his new beer. "And I doubt that you have a loser tattoo...I apparently have a 'waste of time' one, though."

"I don't believe that," Jared said with a little smile. He lifted his bottle to Jensen. "To being alone on Valentines?" he asked.

"It's what Tony said," Jensen replied, clinking their drinks together and finishing half of what was left in the bottle.

"Tony? Really? Fuck, Jensen, I'm sorry." Jared patted Jensen on the back once. "If it's any consolation, you've done a lot better than me. I haven't managed anything lasting more than two months since Rick."

Jensen sighed. "I'd rather that than have the guy I spent six years with tell me that he'd wasted his life waiting for me to commit to him." He laughed hoarsely, fighting back the emotion that wanted to clog his throat. "I thought being in love with and faithful to him and having a life was being committed."

"Holy shit," Jared breathed and squeezed Jensen's right shoulder. "I'm sorry, Jensen. That's just wrong."

Nodding, Jensen let Jared's touch soothe him some. He blew out a harsh breath and finished off his beer, but didn't signal for another one. "Anyway, enough about that...what are you doing these days?"

Jared found a real smile when he thought about his job. "I'm a teacher at Midtown High School. English and drama. It's what I've always wanted to do. And you? Are you a physical therapist?"

"Yeah, sports therapist at the college. I work with the football and softball teams in the different seasons, plus the training department." Jensen smiled at the thought of his job. "It's pretty much everything I wanted out of work. Glad you enjoy your job."

"And you," Jared said. "See, there's still stuff to be happy about. We both just need to work on our relationship skills, I guess."

Jensen laughed. "Yeah, think I'm staying away from that for now. Work'll have to do for awhile."

"How about new friends?" Jared asked. "We haven't exactly had a lot of luck in the past, but maybe now's a good time to really get to know each other."

A crystal clear image of Jared tripping and landing at Jensen's feet sprung to his mind and he laughed. "Yeah, true enough. I'd like to be your friend, Jay."

Jared laughed with him, though the image in his mind was himself carrying a mostly melted sundae out of Jensen's apartment alone. "I don't know, though, our encounters haven't exactly been stellar for either of us. I have to say, that Valentine's day you came into the diner with Tony, I wanted to jump out through the nearest window."

"I had no idea you were the 'Jay' he was always referring to," Jensen admitted. "I'd have told him that wasn't the best idea...I'm sorry it was a bad night for you."

"Wasn't your fault," Jared said with a wave of his hand. "Just some awkward karma we had ourselves going." He turned toward the rest of the bar and watched the goings on. "Everyone else is having fun."

Jensen nodded, signaled for another beer and took only a small sip of it before he turned to look at the crowd with Jared. "Yeah, it is supposed to be a fun night; a fun holiday."

"I don't suppose you'd risk another dance with me? I mean, the dancing part was fun, right?" Jared asked, grinning at Jensen.

"Yeah, the dancing part was a lot of fun," Jensen said with a grin. He sipped his drink and then put it down and stood up.

Jared put a hand on Jensen's shoulder, friendly, but no more. "Let's have fun then. And look like another happy couple."

Jensen chuckled and nodded, nudging Jared slightly and then leading him onto the dance floor. He made some room for them, and turned to dance with Jared with a smile.

Jared fell easily into the dance with Jensen, remembering even from so long ago, how easily they had found a rhythm before. "Slow songs all right?" he asked with a wink.

"Yeah, they're good, Jay," Jensen said, moving with Jared and letting him know that he wasn't the same, skittish kid that he was years ago.

Jared chuckled and settled closer to Jensen. "So, how long have you been working at the college?" He put a hand gently on Jensen's hip, squeezing once.

"Almost since graduation. I took a little time off so that Tony and I could travel for a couple of weeks, but I started with the next contract year," Jensen said, relaxing in Jared's touch. "When did you start at the high school?"

"Right after I graduated from college. They were way short on staff, so I've been finishing my teaching credential while I work. It's awesome. I mean, the students can be a pain in the ass, but I like the idea that I'm making a difference in their lives."

Jensen nodded. "I bet you are. You were always passionate in what you did."

"Still am. Maybe that's what scares guys away," Jared said with a little shrug that fit into the dance.

"If that's what scares them, they're not worth it. It was never what worried me about you," Jensen said with a wry smile. "I was just not ready to think about being serious."

"Well, there has to be something about me," Jared said with a sad smile. "And I know. Maybe it was better that we didn't, you know, get further. I probably would have pushed for more."

Jensen frowned. "I wish I could have been in a different place...you actually made me think a lot after you left that night." He smiled ruefully. "You made me realize that maybe I was being a little too cold about my life."

Jared brushed against Jensen lightly. "Well, I guess it wasn't all bad then," he said.

"I never got a chance to thank you or to apologize," Jensen said sadly. Tony had benefited from Jared's words and actions, but Jensen was having a hard time seeing that as a good thing at the moment.

"Meh," Jared said with a wave of his hand. "We both were pretty awkward that time. It's a two way apology, man."

Jensen nodded, acknowledging that Jared was right about that. "True enough. There was definitely a lot going on for the both of us."

"And here we are again," Jared said with a bashful grin. "Kinda weird, huh? Maybe we should get some cake tonight and pass on the ice cream." Dimples appeared in both cheeks.

Laughing, Jensen tossed his head back and held tight to Jared's shoulders. "God, yeah...I think that's probably the best idea." He snickered again and left his hands on Jared's shoulders.

Jared swung his arms around Jensen's waist as the song turned slow. "Though it was kinda one of the hottest things I ever started to do."

"Yeah?" Jensen asked, blushing slightly while he slid into Jared's embrace. "It was for me too."

"Never was brave enough to try anything like that again," Jared admitted with a slightly ducked head.

Jensen blushed again. "That's too bad. It was shaping up to be the hottest night of my life."

Jared laughed and snugged Jensen closer to him as a couple bumped them. "I had all these elaborate plans for what I was going to do with the sundae."

"Yeah?" Jensen asked, sliding closer and feeling the same amount of comfort he'd felt when he was first in Jared's arms.

"Yeah," Jared said. "I wanted to eat it out of you." He blushed a little and ducked his head into Jensen's hair.

Jensen tightened his arms around Jared, muffling his moan in Jared's throat, while he tried to not let himself sink into the blinding heat he felt low in his gut. "Fuck," he whispered.

"What's the matter?" Jared asked, lifting his head.

Shuddering, Jensen pulled back. "That's fucking hot, Jay," he whispered again.

Jared turned bright red and grinned, a hint of shyness around the edges. "Yeah? I would have tried to make it hot for us."

"You already were...it wasn't anything you did that freaked me out...not really. It was the way I thought about what you said. My own interpretation." Jensen shrugged. "If I've learned nothing else from working with the students, it's that you have to be conscious of what you say, but you can never be responsible for what they hear you say."

"That's good. I like that," Jared said. "I mean, it's true for the written word, too. People interpret the same words very differently."

Jensen nodded, making a little bit of space between them while they danced. "And you didn't intend what I heard."

Jared eased back a little more, not wanting to make Jensen uncomfortable. "I was trying to be cute. I guess I screwed up."

"It wasn't a screw up. If I'd been anyone else, it'd have been fun and cute. It was just a tough mix for the two of us, really." Jensen shrugged and looked a bit sad. "I didn't want you to leave, but I didn't know what to do to make it okay again."

"So, this is our second chance," Jared said. "Friends?"

Jensen beamed brightly at Jared. "Yeah, friends. I like that."

"Awesome," Jared said and swung Jensen in a circle.

Clinging to his shoulders, Jensen let Jared guide him around the dance floor with a laugh and a warmth he'd not felt in a while.
~~~~~~~~~~