The Hairdresser
by Laszlo ©

"What are you doing on the weekend?" she asked me, as she massaged my 
scalp.

One of those usual vacuous hairdresser questions, I thought. 

"Oh, not much. Maybe catch a movie on Saturday night. No plans, really", I 
said, as I enjoyed the feeling of her nails pressing into my head.

I breathed in the perfume of the shampoo and, with my eyes closed, hardly 
listened as she talked on. Once or twice, though, I opened my eyes and 
found myself looking straight up from the basin, into her dark almond 
eyes.

"You've got really long eyelashes, you know!" she giggled at one point, as 
she rinsed my hair off.

Her slender fingers playing with my hair and her flirtatious manner made 
me think of flirting a little too. I've been a little out of practice 
lately, as I've been seeing someone. However, she's a doctor, studying for 
exams, so she doesn't often have time to socialise. Besides, she was out 
of town for a conference this weekend . . . 

"Mmmm, that feels nice!" I smiled, eyes still shut, as she rubbed my scalp 
one last time under the warm water. I jiggled my head a little, like a cat 
wanting a rub. 

"You want more, do you?" she laughed. "OK, just a little, 'cos we're not 
too busy!" She sat me up in a chair and towelled my hair off a little. I 
let my head fall back into her skillful hands; she kneaded and pressed 
just the right spots and if it wasn't so invigorating, I would have fallen 
asleep.

"Is this nice?" she asked, pressing two spots on my temples. 

"Mmmm", I murmured, not wanting the pleasure to stop.

"What about this?" she added, with a little giggle. I felt my head fall 
back a fraction and rest against something soft. As her fingertips came to 
the front and pushed my head back, I could feel her soft breasts envelope 
the back of my head. I was in heaven!

"That feels amazing!" I said quietly, as she massaged my brow and hairline 
with both hands and leaned forward to knead her tits against me as well. 

"OK, time for your haircut now", she said, suddenly moving away and 
standing behind me. She smoothed her top as she did so and, because her 
hands - and my hair - were damp, I could see her dark nipples through the 
thin fabric. For a small girl, she had large shapely tits.

"Mmmm, my t-shirt got a bit wet!" she giggled, patting the damp fabric 
with her slim hands. "Maybe I should get the blow-dryer out and dry it 
off, huh?", she added, looking me in the eye through the mirror.

"No, don't worry too much; I like what I see", I replied, with a little 
wink. She replied with a smile and took up her scissors and comb.

As my haircut went on, Natasha told me a lot about herself: she's 22, born 
in Malaysia, loves Hollywood flicks and became a hairdresser when she was 
16. "I'm a bit of showoff!" she giggled. 

"Like what I did to you before!" she added, as she pushed her tits up 
against my head once more.

"It's a pity I'm turned around the wrong way!" I laughed, looking at her 
pretty face in the mirror, laughing back at me.

Natasha snipped away for another minute or two in silence while I admired 
her slender brown arms and the breasts softly jiggling under her shirt. 
Once more she leaned on my shoulder and, again, brushed her tits against 
the side of my head.

"What did you say you were doing Saturday night?" she said softly.

I turned my head a little towards her. She didn't pull away at all. 
Instead, she leaned further forward so my face was virtually nuzzling into 
her nipple, which I could feel hardening under her shirt.

I pulled away, wondering who else in the salon was watching; nobody seemed 
to have noticed. I looked up. "About Saturday night, Natasha - well, I've 
got a girlfriend, although she's out of town." 

"I've got a boyfriend too and, funnily enough, he's away too", Natasha 
said coyly. "Were you going to ask me out?" she pouted.

I thought hard about this dilemma. Surely a night out with such a sexy 
little bimbo wouldn't do any harm? Especially if I didn't sleep with her. 
She was a bit of a ditzy type, though, and I wondered if we'd actually 
find things to talk about for a whole evening. And what if one of Karen's 
friends saw us together?

"Yeah, I was going to ask you out", I said, feeling myself redden 
slightly. "I love the company of show-offs", I added, grinning.

* * * 

The first thing that struck me when the door of Natasha's flat opened was 
the smell: powerful incense and aromatherapy oils, mingled with a little 
marijuana. Second was Natasha herself: transformed completely from the 
hairdresser in jeans and t-shirt.

"Hiya!" she said cheerfully as she reached up and kissed me on the lips. 
Her eyes were done up with lots of dark makeup, making her look very 
exotic and her full lips were glossy from lipstick. "Come in to my little 
den!"

As she turned and walked in front of me, I realised how tiny she really 
was. Slender legs, miniscule waist, only about 5 feet tall. She was 
wearing a slinky satiny skirt, mid-thigh length, and just a tiny top, 
exposing a lot of midriff. She'd piled her hair up on her head, 
accentuating her slender neck and shoulders.

"Nice little place you've got here", I commented, as I looked around the 
dimly lit room. No furniture really, just piles of cushions on the floor, 
a big boombox stereo which was thumping out some dub reggae thing and a 
few cartoons in plain black frames on the walls.

"I'm just having a little smoke", Natasha giggled as she took a burning 
butt from an ashtray. "Here", she said as she handed it to me, "Oh, and 
take a seat".

I did as I was told, partly because I wanted a better view of Natasha's 
slim brown legs as she walked barefoot around the room. "So where's your 
boyfriend tonight?" I asked, to make conversation.

"Like your girlfriend, he's out of the way - for tonight", she laughed as 
she swished her skirt around her hips. "Make yourself comfortable, I'll go 
and get ready".

Get ready? I wondered what that meant. I could hear her in the bedroom 
rummaging around. Pretty soon, a voice spoke. "I was thinking of this 
dress, but it shrunk a little when I washed it".

Natasha appeared at the doorway holding up a tiny tube of white fabric. 
She stretched it across her breasts and, she was right, the lower hem 
barely covered her thighs.

"It looks just fine to me!" I laughed, hoping she'd have the guts to at 
least try it on in front of me.

"Yeah, right! I'm just looking for some shoes", she laughed back, turning 
her cute butt away from the door. "Hey, I need some more of that smoke", 
she added as I stretched out on the cushions once more.

I took it in to her and found her sitting on the bed, tying the straps of 
some extraorinarily high heeled platforms. The satin of her skirt sat 
loosely across the very top of her thighs, revealing most of her slim 
brown legs.

"You like?" she asked, pointing her feet straight out at me, once both 
shoes were on. 

I handed her the smoke and took one slim foot in my hand. The skin was 
smooth and brown and she had bright pink painted nails. Like her wrists, 
her ankles were impossibly narrow. It gave me a hard on just feeling the 
silkiness of her skin and watching her tiny foot arch with pleasure as I 
stroked it.

"Can you walk in these?" I laughed. They must have been six inch heels, at 
least. 

"Of course!" Natasha giggled. "They're a tiny bit big for me but, then, 
nearly everything is!" She gave me a little wink, which stirred my 
hard-on, then stood up in her shoes.

Standing, her feet arched strongly upward, outlining the musculature of 
her smooth legs; the extra height made the skirt cling nicely to her 
shapely butt. She handed the smoke back to me and took a step to look at 
herself in the mirror.

Natasha gave her butt a little shake. "No VPL, huh?" she asked as she 
studied our reflections in the mirror. I gave her a querying look. 

"Visible Panty Line?" she giggled, as she smoothed the back of her skirt 
down with her pretty hands.

"Not that I can see" I replied, moving to stand right behind her and 
looking down at the smooth satin that fell into the cleft of her butt 
cheeks. Her perfume caught my nostrils and I took a deep breath as a wisp 
of her hair brushed against my face.

"Bra?" Natasha asked, moving her hands to her tits. Only as she said this 
did it register that she hadn't been wearing one. Her top was finely 
crocheted white cotton with a halter neck. It was held together at the 
front with a large silver ring; through it, Natasha's deep brown cleavage 
could be seen.

I was wondering if such big tits on such a tiny girl were natural, when 
Natasha answered the question for me.

"I'm lucky with these, huh?" she said, squeezing the flesh up and almost 
out of her top. "Dad's Malaysian and mum's English, so I got his skin and 
her tits!" she giggled.

* * * 

As we walked down The Promenade, Natasha talked and talked: soap opera and 
movie star gossip, that sort of thing. I didn't say much - I think the 
smoking shut me up a bit - but I did enjoy all the looks Natasha got, from 
men and women alike. 

"Is this place OK?" I pointed at Federini's, a place which does bad, 
over-priced Italian food, but has some intimate booths to sit in.

"Oh yeah! I love Federini's!" Natasha squealed. "Let's get a booth!" she 
added, clattering through the entrance in her high heels.

The head waiter took in Natasha as she walked up to him. Walking in high 
heels made her tits bounce nicely and, in the dim light, her long smooth 
legs looked made of copper.

"A booth?" he said as I approached and nodded. "This way, sir".

Natasha took my hand and almost ran to the booth the waiter pointed to. It 
was upholstered in plush blue velvet and had a tasselled tent-like top, 
rather like a four-poster bed. She slid in one side and, rather than let 
me sit opposite, pulled me in next to her.

"This is cosy", I said, as she pressed up against me. Her hand went to my 
thigh as we looked over the menu and it stayed there after we'd ordered.

"I've had such a busy week!" Natasha said, "And it's so good to just 
relax. Can I stretch out, honey?"

Without waiting for any reply, she leaned against the corner of the booth 
and stretched her long legs out across my lap. "You don't mind, do you?" 
she winked.

"Not if you don't mind me stroking them" I replied, beginning at her toes 
and soles, and moving my hand up to knees and, then, her thighs.

While I did this, she chattered on, occasionally sipping her drink, once 
or twice sitting upright. However, she'd always return her legs to my lap 
where, by now, I had quite a hard-on. As she drank more, Natasha also 
became more careless with her skirt and, after a while, stopped pulling it 
down when she shifted position.

"Yummy ravioli!" she giggled, wiping her mouth with her napkin. During her 
meal, her thigh had been hard up against mine and she hadn't flinched when 
my hand rested on her bare skin once or twice.

"I'm so full!" she went on, leaning into the corner of the booth once 
more. "I can hardly fit into this skirt now", she added, looking at me, as 
she undid the side-lace which held it together.

I watched as her nimble fingers untied the lace and pulled the sides of 
her skirt apart an inch. She slid both hands down into the front of her 
skirt and clutched her belly. "Oh, God! I've eaten too, too, too much!"

"Can I rest on you again?" she asked, as she swung both legs up onto my 
lap once more. As she did this, I noticed with interest that where she'd 
untied the lace, there was no sign of underwear, just the smooth brown 
skin of her hip. I wondered if she'd been flirting with me all evening, 
with just a skimpy satin skirt between me and her bare pussy?

"Is there some drink that's good to have if you've eaten too much?" she 
asked, her big eyes glowing at me from the dim corner of the booth while 
she continued to rub her belly. 

I ordered a digestive from the waiter. "That'll fix you up!" I smiled.

Natasha kept massaging her stomach and moaning softly. "Where does your 
stomach hurt?" I asked.

"I'll show you". She leaned right back, pushing her legs onto me even 
further. She untied the side-lace until all of the bare flesh of her 
thigh, hip and waist could be seen through the slit she'd created. 
Definitely no knickers there, I thought to myself.


"Right down here!" she murmured, her hands on her lower stomach, pushing 
her skirt down even further. As she said this, the waiter returned with 
Natasha's Underberg. He eyed us both carefully as he put the drink down 
and gave me a barely perceptible smile.

"I should sit up to drink this, huh?" Natasha smiled. She held her hand 
out to me and I pulled her upright. This meant that her skirt was now just 
loosely bunched fabric around her waist but her legs were together, still 
on my lap.

"Wow, it's bitter!" she said, as she sipped it. She placed one foot on the 
floor, leaving the other on my lap. Her legs spread like this, I couldn't 
resist looking down, to see if she'd showed herself.

"Does that feel any better?" I asked in a concerned tone, as my hand 
stroked her upper thigh. 

I could hardly believe it when Natasha responded by arching her body back 
and resumed stroking her belly with her hands. This time, though, she'd 
pushed the skirt down so far I could see her closely trimmed bush quite 
clearly.

She saw what I was looking at straight away. "Whoops!" she giggled. 
"Skirt's too low, huh?" 

She slowly pulled the waist of the skirt up just an inch and, then, toying 
with the side lace, undid it even further, leaving her entire side bare, 
but her pubic hair covered. 

"VPL's certainly not a problem now!" I joked. 

"Yeah, but what if Boffo, you know, the waiter, comes back?" She giggled 
at the name she'd given him, as she stretched the edge of her crumpled 
skirt down between her still spread thighs.

"Feeling any better?" I asked, admiring her taut belly and watching her 
fingers caress under her skirt.

"It feels much better after that drink and without my skirt so tight", she 
sighed. "But I shouldn't sit here massaging myself like this, should I?" 
she added with a little giggle. "You might get the wrong idea!"

"I sure don't mind", I grinned. "Even I do get the wrong idea . . ."

"Hmmm, alright then", she smiled. "You know, this massaging feels real 
good, but my skirt's gone all twisted".

"Do you want a hand?" I asked, probably too eagerly.

"We are in a public place!" she said sharply, but with a wicked grin.

For a couple of minutes, we sat like that: I sipped my dessert wine, 
Natasha finished her Underberg and returned to stroking her belly. Then, 
she surprised me.

"I'm gonna take this damn thing off!" she said, in a mock angry tone of 
voice. 

Her hands moved to the loosened side of her skirt and, one eyelet at a 
time, she unlaced it completely. She leaned forward and dangled the lace 
above her glass and let it fall in, laughing loudly. 

Natasha gave me a challenging look as she lay back again, arching even 
further, causing the fabric of her skirt to shift and, almost, to fall 
away from her pussy completely.

"I can see you're feeling a whole lot better!" I said quietly. 

I still couldn't believe I had this almost naked bimbo lying half on top 
of me in a public restaurant. 

"Mmmm", Natasha murmured. At that moment, our waiter returned to take our 
empty glasses. He stopped and flushed bright red when he saw Natasha 
sprawled like that. She smiled at him and slowly took the corner of her 
skirt and stretched it across her pussy which, moments before, was almost 
in full view.

"Sorry", she said to the waiter in a low, flirtatious voice, "But I had a 
bit of a tummy-ache, so I loosened my skirt. I hope that's OK". 

The waiter had recovered a bit of his composure. "Oh, that's just fine, 
miss. These booths are, after all, quite private". 

She looked down at the satin across her lap. The waiter's and my eyes 
followed her pretty hand as she rubbed the fabric against her mound. 
"Mmmm, privacy. That's good, isn't it?" she said, looking at us both under 
her lowered eyelashes.

The waiter was rooted to the spot and my eyes were fixed on Natasha's 
hand, which was now making circling movements. She raised her hips up off 
the seat and slowly pushed the satin of her skirt against her pussy with a 
finger.

"Man!" said the waiter softly, as he continued to stare. 

Natasha drank in all the attention and kept pushing the satin into her 
slit, a big grin on her face.

"I've drunk far too much. I've gotta go to the bathroom", she giggled 
eventually, looking directly at me.

I looked at the waiter's dumbstruck face and then back at Natasha, who 
pulled the skirt around her and sat up with it crumpled in her lap. She 
pulled the lace out of her glass and held it up. "How the hell do I get 
this back in?" she giggled.

"Doesn't matter!" she added, as she pushed past me. I felt her bare butt 
brush against my cock as she slid past and then watched as she held the 
skirt together at the waist with her fingers. Like that, she walked 
towards the restrooms.

"One hell of a young lady there", the waiter commented, as he cleared the 
table. "Anything else you'll be needing sir?"

"I don't think so. Just the bill, thanks". 

By the time Natasha came back, I'd paid and was leaning back in the corner 
of the booth, running my imagination through what I'd just seen. She was 
smiling again now and her long strides were making it obvious that she 
wore nothing under her improvised skirt which she only just held together 
at her hip.

"That's better!" she giggled, as she squeezed in next to me. She let the 
side of her skirt fall open as she again picked up her lace from the table 
and toyed with it. "I don't think I need this, huh?".

"No, neither do I", I said, running my hand up her thigh and hip where the 
skirt had fallen away. I pushed the fabric off altogether and was pleased 
to see that Natasha simply giggled and let her knees fall apart.

At last I had a clear view of her beautiful pussy. Natasha also looked 
down. "So, what're we going to do now?" she smiled, as she swung her legs 
together and, then, apart even further.

Her thighs were now as far apart as possible and little whiffs of her 
pussy scent were driving me crazy. "I think you can guess!!" I said.

"What about your girlfriend?" Natasha giggled.

"Like your boyfriend, she's out of the way - for tonight!" I laughed. 

 
The Hairdresser Again
by Laszlo ©

The last time Natasha and I went out for a night, she acted the 
flirtatious slut and I fell for it. That's to say, I cheated on my 
girlfriend and went home and fucked her.

"I cut your hair far too short!" Natasha giggled, as she ruffled my hair 
when we awoke in the morning.

"I think it's just fine!" I argued back sleepily, pulling her tiny body on 
top of me and pushing my swelling cock between her slender brown thighs. 
She spread her legs wide and, when she was nice and slippery, I slowly 
eased into this little Asian bimbo.

"Call me your little slut!" Natasha moaned as we started moving together. 

As I watched her wriggle and squirm on top of me, my thoughts went to my 
girlfriend, Karen. She was a serious type, a doctor, out of town for a 
conference. This little vixen riding me now was altogether sexier: her 
generous tits bouncing, her copper-coloured skin glowing with 
perspiration, long painted nails digging into me and a swarm of dark hair 
around her beautiful face.

"What I meant about your hair being too short is that it'll be a while 
before you need another haircut!" she giggled, once she rolled off me.

"What's wrong with that?" I asked, feeling my own scalp with one hand 
while the other cradled a juicy breast.

She looked upset and wriggled free of my hand. "Well . . . it means I 
won't see you for a while, huh? Girlfriend, and all that", she said 
petulantly.

"Look, Natasha, this was a one-off as far as I'm concerned. I thought you 
had a boyfriend as well, anyway".

Tears welled up in the corners of Natasha's dark almond eyes. She wiped at 
them and sniffed. "You don't think I'm sexy, that's it, isn't it?" she 
mumbled.

"I've never been so turned on in all my life!" I almost shouted. It was 
true, too. She'd been such a flirt, pressing her ample tits against me in 
the salon while she cut my hair; then flashing her pussy at me in the 
restaurant from under her tiny satin skirt. 

"Well?" she pouted, sitting on her haunches to look at me. "Give the 
girlfriend the flick then!"

I knew that I'd miscalculated with this one. What if Natasha made trouble 
for me with Karen? 

"Look, Natasha, I can't just give her the flick because you and I have one 
amazing night together!"

"How many nights do we need then?" she asked, this time with a glimmer of 
a smile. 

I laughed and she leant over and kissed my cock. I took that as a peace 
offering, so I sat up and kissed her hard and hungrily. "You are 
absolutely the sexiest babe I know!" I whispered as we kissed.

* * * 

A week passed and life went on as normal. Karen returned from her 
conference and got seriously back into her study. Routine sex once a week 
with her was all she seemed to want, so I tried to give her what she 
wanted. I almost found her repulsive after having spent time with Natasha: 
Karen was always self-conscious about her flaccid stomach and dimpled 
thighs and, this time, I was too.

"Something's the matter, isn't it?" she asked, after we'd tried to have 
sex. 

"Just tired, I think", I lied. "Work's been pretty busy this week". In 
reality, all I'd been thinking of for the past few days was how Natasha 
would reveal her taut, brown body in slutty high-heeled shoes and tiny 
dresses.

A couple of times I even walked past Natasha's salon. Once, I saw her 
standing near the front door, her slim legs bare and her braless tits 
jiggling, as she laughed with some guy. I was filled with jealousy but 
forced myself to walk on.

Then, one day at work, a postcard arrived in the mail. It had a picture of 
an Asian dominatrix on one side and a hand-written message on the other: 
"I will go naked in public if that's what you want. xxxx"

My boss, Graeme, threw the card on my desk, grinning. "I hope you'll 
invite me too!" he laughed.

I spent the rest of the day thinking, imagining, fantasizing. Karen was 
due to go on a study weekend with colleagues in two weeks. Could Natasha 
wait until then? The other option would be to visit her late one evening, 
after Karen's nightly phone call to me.

* * * 

I looked at my watch. 11pm. I knocked on the door. No music, no sound. I 
knocked again and waited. No answer. 

I went back the car and thought I'd wait for half an hour. Listening to 
the radio, I almost didn't notice two slim shapes walk through the front 
gate of the apartment building.

"Hey! Natasha!!" I called, as I wound the car window down.

One of the slim shapes came back out and squinted in the poor light. 
"Laszlo? Is it you, babe?"

"Yeah", I said, as I got out and walked towards her. "I hope you don't 
mind me visiting".

For a fraction of a second, I felt uncomfortable, as Natasha looked at me 
without saying anything. Then, she broke into a broad grin, stood on 
tiptoes, asking for a kiss. For a minute or two her tongue coiled around 
mine voraciously and her full breasts pressed against my chest. 

"Hey, Tash!" A girl's voice could be heard from inside the building.

"Oh shit!" Natasha said, smoothing down her dress. "I forgot all about 
Cleo. C'mon". 

Natasha's flat was almost as it had been the weekend before: strong 
smelling oils, a whiff of marijuana, dim lighting, cushions on the floor 
to sit on. The exception was Cleo, another little Asian girl, even 
prettier than Natasha, if that was possible. Her tight dress, without 
revealing anything, showed everything, especially her over-sized tits. Her 
golden flesh was on display almost to the edges of her nipples, sticking 
up from her low cut purple dress. I found myself staring at them, rather 
than her, when we were introduced.

"Laszlo's hypnotised!!" Natasha giggled. 

"I've just been on a photo shoot", Cleo said, looking down at her 
impressive cleavage, as if to explain how she was dressed. 

"I didn't know you'd have a visitor this late, Natasha", she added, as she 
gave me a flirtatious little smile. "I suppose I'd better be off then, 
huh?" 

I didn't say anything, hoping she'd stay and give me the chance to keep 
admiring her tits. I also thought if she was half as much of a show-off as 
Natasha, she might even reveal a bit more.

"Well, we could all go out together, just for a quick drink, couldn't we?" 
Natasha offered. She was obviously not wanting to offend her friend, so I 
quickly agreed.

"My car's just outside", I offered. "We could drive down to Barrio's".

"Let me just get changed", Natasha winked. "I won't be a moment, hon".

While she was busy, I chatted with Cleo, who found a way to sit with her 
legs elegantly folded on a cushion. Up closer, I saw her outfit was made 
of purple lace and was actually a miniskirt and bustier top. As we talked, 
she kept fingering the spaghetti straps that precariously held her top up.

"So, Natasha's told me all about you", Cleo started, as she carelessly 
stretched the left strap of her top. I raised my eyebrows and wondered 
what she'd heard.

"Well, I hope it was vaguely complimentary", I smiled.

As we chatted on, my eyes kept being drawn to Cleo fiddling with the 
straps of her top so that they gradually slid down one shoulder, then the 
other. 

"So, Natasha tells me you get off on her sexy outfits", Cleo said, quite 
loudly, at one point. She said this as she leaned towards me slightly, 
giving me a clear view of the deep cleft between her large breasts.

"What are you two talking about?" came Natasha's little voice from her 
bedroom. "I heard the word sex!"

"What are you doing in there, you little slut!" Cleo called. She struggled 
to her feet, because of the height of her heels; I leapt up to give her a 
hand and was pleased to see her heavy breasts almost jiggle free of her 
little top as she steadied herself.

"Wow!" said Cleo as she leaned on my arm. "I'm a bit dizzy! Too much to 
smoke, I think!" She giggled and pushed her tits against me as she took my 
arm. "C'mon, let's see what that horny little bitch is up to!"

We arrived at the bedroom door and found Natasha sifting through a pile of 
slinky little garments on her bed. 

"I've tried on about 10 things, and nothing's right!" she complained, 
albeit with a little smile. 

"What's wrong with what you've got on, honey?" Cleo asked, as she walked 
over to where Natasha was perched on the edge of the bed.

My hard-on became harder when I took in what Natasha was actually wearing: 
a loose lacey miniskirt which only just covered her lap but not her butt 
and a matching sheer top which was hanging open, completely unbuttoned.

"I might wear it to a party or something, but it's way too slutty for 
Barrio's!" Natasha giggled, sitting up straight and pushing her tits right 
out of the little top. "But Laszlo can be the judge!" she added, caressing 
her breasts with her little hands.

"Well, I got this postcard at work earlier in the week . . .", I started 
to say, with a smile.

"Oh, no!!!" Natasha wailed. "Not now, please!"

Cleo looked from Natasha to me, and back again, perplexed. "What's with 
the postcard?" she asked.

"Here!" I said, taking it from my pocket and handing it to Cleo.

She read it and her face lit up when she realised what it meant. "You 
wrote this to him!" she squealed, laughing at Natasha. "You little 
slut!!!"

She stood, giggling, as Natasha blushed deeply. "OK, honey, we're going to 
Barrio's!! Isn't she Laszlo?" Cleo blew me a kiss and then grabbed Natasha 
by the hand.

"C'mon, baby. Just as you are is fine!" Cleo said as she pulled the 
struggling Natasha towards the door. It was clear that Natasha had no 
underwear, no bra, under her two utterly tiny items of clothing.

"Can't I do up my top???" Natasha objected. "And I can't just go 
barefoot!"

"But, honey, why did you put these on for in the first place?" countered 
Cleo. "You were thinking of wearing them, weren't you? What do you think 
Laszlo?"

She still held Natasha by the hand, although we were at the front door, 
which I'd opened. "I think we should let Natasha wear some shoes. And, 
maybe, one button is enough".

In Natasha's bedroom I found an amazing pair of 6" platforms. "These 
should do, huh?" I winked at Cleo.

As I knelt to tie them around Natasha's ankles, I held her little feet 
tight and looked up her smooth legs at her newly shaved pussy. 

"You are a little slut, Natasha! You're wet!!" I laughed, as I ran a 
finger up her leg to her little slit. She wriggled as I did so, and 
giggled.

Finally, her shoes were on and Cleo had done up one of the lower buttons 
of Natasha's top, covering her nipples but still exposing a large expanse 
of jiggling breast.

"C'mon!" laughed Cleo, still pulling a reluctant Natasha by the hand.

"I don't think I can do this!" moaned Natasha when we stopped at the 
parking lot. "Please don't make me!" 

"Remember this!" I smiled, waving the postcard in front of her. 

+ + + 

Natasha and Cleo each took one arm and tottered alongside me to the 
entrance of Barrio's. I looked across at Natasha's flushed face - she was 
anxious but excited and kept fiddling with her single button.

"Hey there!" the doorman said, looking us all up and down, slightly 
disapprovingly. "I know it's warm, but this is something else!"

"We'd like some seats with a table, if possible", I said, pretending there 
was nothing unusual in walking into a bar - even a tacky one like Barrio's 
- with an almost naked woman.

Natasha was still flushed, but had regained some confidence, even though 
every eye in the place seemed to have noticed her. Her pussy was just 
visible under the flimsy white lace of her skirt and, through the still 
buttoned top, her nipples could also be seen.

"You're a hot slut!" whispered Cleo to Natasha as we walked in. She 
pinched her butt as she said this, showing the whole room that Natasha 
wore nothing underneath. 

"I never thought I'd actually do this!" Natasha whispered to me, once she 
was seated in a lounge chair. "But I'm getting very horny!!"

With several patrons staring at us, we chatted and laughed our way through 
two or three drinks apiece. Cleo became even more flirtatious and kept 
running her hand along Natasha's legs, occasionally sliding her fingers 
under the tiny lace skirt.

"You love all the attention, don't you?" Cleo giggled as Natasha squirmed 
in her seat, spreading her legs to Cleo's touch. I looked down as Cleo's 
fingers held Natasha's legs nicely open for me and was pleased to see some 
very wet pussy lips.

"And what about you, Cleo?" I smiled. "You're not interested in stripping 
off a little?"

"Aren't I flashing enough leg for you, Laszlo?" Cleo laughed, as she swung 
one leg over another, revealing most of her thigh under her own tiny 
skirt.

"But I think this slut Natasha's wearing a bit too much clothing", she 
added, winking at me. "Remember that postcard, Natasha?"

Natasha smiled and sat, still open-legged, her pink pussy on full view to 
several gawping couples. "Sure, I'll take this off then!" she giggled and 
unbuttoned her top, letting it fall down around her shoulders.

This wanton act prompted several people to position themselves to see 
Natasha's charms properly and were murmuring among themselves. Cleo, too, 
attracted attention, as her tits strained the flimsy fabric of her top, 
the straps of which were, again, down around her slim brown shoulders.

"Are they strippers or something?" I could hear one woman ask her date. 

"Did you hear that?" whispered Cleo, giggling. "We'll give them a show, 
shall we?"

She reached into her bag and pulled out a slender silver plastic tube. At 
first, I thought it was a lipstick but I almost gasped when I realised 
what it really was. Natasha's eyes opened wide too.

"What's that for?" she giggled, fluttering her eyelashes as her hand went 
down to her pussy. "I'm not sticking that in me here!" she objected, 
pulling her legs together.

"Natasha, honey, you've got everyone looking at your wet snatch already", 
cajoled Cleo, looking around at the watching faces. "Aren't you feeling 
horny knowing that all these people are admiring your beautiful body?"

"This isn't what I meant, about being totally naked!" Natasha hissed to 
me. 

"If you really don't want to do this, just say so now", I said quietly, 
thinking that it was best to give her a way out, if she wanted it.

She bit her bottom lip, silently. Slowly, her legs spread apart again and 
a little smile worked its way across her mouth. My finger went down to her 
pussy and felt Natasha's swelling wetness; she responded by spreading her 
legs fully apart.

"Go, honey!" laughed Cleo, who was getting turned on herself, fingering 
the dildo.

Natasha leaned back in her chair, arching backwards, thrusting her wet 
pussy at Cleo and I. Cleo leaned forward with the dildo and started 
rubbing its tip up and down Natasha's swollen lips.

"Oh God!" Natasha moaned, loudly. Her hands went to her breasts and 
started pinching and pulling her nipples. She stretched her feet out, 
putting them wide apart on the low table which had our drinks on it.

"You are such a little slut!" Cleo said loudly, as she started poking the 
dildo's end into Natasha, setting up even more obvious moaning.

I couldn't help putting my hand to my pants, which were being stretched by 
my rock hard cock, and I noticed a number of other guys do the same. As 
Cleo worked the dildo slowly in, Natasha twiddled her clit with her wet 
fingers and moaned.

"Cleo, baby", I whispered, "You want to be a part of this too?"

"Mmmmm", she murmured, continuing to pleasure Natasha.

By now the little crowd had grown and everybody was watching quite 
overtly. I took my hand off my pants and moved toward Cleo, whose butt was 
sticking out enticingly. I slid my hands up and down the smooth fabric, 
realising, with surprise, that she wasn't wearing knickers.

"Oh, yeah", she continued to murmur, pushing her soft butt into my hands 
as they caressed her.

I desperately wanted to see both girls totally naked in front of us all, 
so my fingers stretched her skirt down. Cleo didn't resist; the globes of 
her beautiful brown butt came into view and, slowly, her bare pussy was 
visible, bent over, wet and swollen from her obvious horniness.

Cleo continued her teasing of Natasha with the dildo; the reclining girl 
was writhing around moaning, helping Cleo push the silver tube in and out 
of her as her clitoris was being stimulated expertly.

I knelt and started licking Cleo from behind, as she remained bent over. 
She slightly adjusted her legs wider to give me better access and I could 
feel the crowd growing around us. I reached up and inserted first one 
finger, then two, into Cleo's hot pussy.

"That's it!" I could hear her murmur loudly as my fingers searched for her 
g-spot. I wanted to lick her at the same time, so I sat on the floor 
facing the rest of the people, some of whom were yelling things to cheer 
us on.

I could hear Natasha was close to orgasm, as her cries had become louder 
and the little squelching sounds from her pussy were obvious. Her little 
feet were kicking into my back as she tightened up before her climax.

"Oh my God!" she squealed, so I licked Cleo's hard little clit side to 
side before holding it gently in my teeth and pulling on it.

I couldn't believe how wet this girl was and, as Natasha's orgasm 
subsided, I could feel Cleo's growing. By now, Natasha was looking at us 
with a smile and she had some guy fondling her tits.

We exchanged a smile and Natasha arched backwards with pleasure as her guy 
started sucking on her tits and someone else had taken the dildo from Cleo 
and was running it around Natasha's pussy lips once more. I was happy that 
someone was keeping the little slut happy, because it meant that Cleo was 
all mine for the moment.

"That's great!" Cleo murmured, as I ran my hands up and down her thighs 
onto her butt, where I squeezed her firm brown cheeks. Above me, her taut 
breasts pushed against the fabric of her top, as her hips started to 
vibrate, a sure sign that her orgasm was almost there.

All of a sudden, she clutched her breasts and swayed back, letting out a 
loud moan. Her whole body shuddered, as I held her little clit between my 
lips and pushed my tongue into her. She fell to her knees - on top of me - 
as her orgasm washed through her and I held her tight, smelling the 
perfume of her hair in my face.

+ + + 

"That was completely amazing!!!" Cleo giggled as we made our way back to 
my car.

"You girls really put on a show!" I laughed, looking at them both. My cock 
was hard and stayed that way, watching Natasha's barely covered body sway 
as we walked along the pavement.

Cleo had left Barrio's with her skirt around her waist but, once on the 
street, she pulled it down to cover herself. Even so, she looked like the 
embodiment of sex and I couldn't wait to have these two girls all to 
myself.

"Well, Laszlo, back to my place?" Natasha giggled, pinching me playfully 
on the butt.

"Sure!" I said, excitedly.

"Your girlfriend couldn't match us, huh, babe?" she asked, with a wink.

I nodded and grinned and thought to myself, "Definitely not!" 






