Author: mypenname3000
Title: Futa's Wild Passion Chapter 19: Futa Dates the Lesbian
Summary: Jenny takes her lesbian girlfriend on one wild date!
Keywords: hf Ff FFFFFFF inc exhib voy public oral
Copyright 2019

Note: Thanks to FallenAngelX00 for beta reading this!

I was so excited for my date with Wendy. Allie helped me choose my clothes. My sister-girlfriend was having fun choosing the perfect outfit for me to wear on my date with my official girlfriend. That amused my younger sister to no end.

This is perfect, Allie had declared when she saw me wearing a pair of knee-high socks (Allie insisted on them), her favorite pair of panties I owned, a black skirt with pleats that fell around my thighs, and a maroon blouse that had a round neckline. I had diamond studs in my ears and a golden necklace about my neck. You're going to be so sexy for her! Fuck her hard and then tell me all the deets! Tomorrow!

You know I will, I'd said and kissed her.

Friday at school had dragged. I had been so excited about the date, I'd hardly had any fun at all. Then I'd rushed home, did my homework, and spent far, far too long making sure my makeup was perfect and my fiery hair looked delicious. I was so nervous.

You look lovely, Mom said as she pulled up to Wendy's house. She's going to be bowled over by you.

I blushed and said, Thanks, Mommy-slave. I want you to be good tonight. I told Allie she can do whatever she wants to you.

Mom gave a happy sigh. I'll treat her like she's you, Mistress.

I leaned over and gave my sexy, submissive mother a full kiss on the lips. My pussy clenched. This wild rush shot through me. I savored this moment, my futa-dick throbbing in my panties. Then I broke it and stepped out of the car.

I fought down my nerves as I marched up to the front door. This was it. I would do it tonight. I would show my girlfriend that she was a lesbian and help her accept who she was. I had embraced being a futa, and it had been awesome.

I rang the doorbell.

The chimes resounded through the house. That classic pattern of rising and falling DINGs and DONGs. Then came the rush of feet. The door ripped open and there stood Wendy, her hair pulled back in her French braid, leaving her cute face fully exposed. She had on a light amount of makeup, softening some of her features, giving her an even more delicious and innocent look, especially to her blue eyes. Her lips were pink and glossy, her cheeks possessing just a hit of pink rouge. And her dress...

It was white, which just felt so right for her, with a pink sash around the waist and frilly lace at the hem. It was conservative, of course, high neckline and skirt past her knees, but the sleeves were short and puffy.

Oh, my god, Wendy! I said. You're beautiful.

My heart beat faster as I cupped her face and kissed her before she could say a word, her natural blush bleeding through her rouge. I planted my lips right on hers and thrust my tongue into her mouth. I swirled it around, teasing her. I fluttered around and then caressed over her mouth, loving the feel of her waxy lipstick.

It had a buttery, almost sweet flavor that was such a delight to kiss.

I broke the kiss and she panted and swayed. She grinned from ear to ear, though. And that was so cute. I hooked my arm with her and as she still hadn't said a word. She seemed speechless after the kiss. Then she burst into happy giggles.

I escorted her to my mother's waiting car. I couldn't wait until I was sixteen to get my driver's license. But, having my Mommy-slave drive us sent a wicked thrill through me until I remembered that Wendy didn't know about the incest.

I wasn't sure she could ever know.

I held open the door for her and purred, Mademoiselle.

Jenny, she sighed in this pleased, gushy voice before she slid into the back of the car. This is going to be amazing.

I followed in after her, my skirt rustling. My hand took hers as Mom drove us in silence like she was a real driver. Wendy never looked so happy before. I was glad to do that for her. I just hoped I wouldn't hurt her when she realized I didn't love her as much. That I had someone else. I wanted to ease her into another relationship. Someone she could be happy with.

The perfect girl.

But first, to open her eyes to the truth about her sexuality.

Our first stop was dinner. It was a quaint, little Italian restaurant a few blocks from the movie theater. It had this Old World charm and, at times, was darkly romantic. Especially with our table in the back. We both were giggly and bubbly.

It was my first real date, I realized. I should have taken Allie on one. I had to do that now. Maybe we could go a town away or something, where no one could know us, and pretend to be dating and not sisters. That would be so much fun.

Oh, Jenny, Wendy gushed as she looked around. This is too much.

Nonsense, I said. My mom had gotten a raise. Ivana Petrov was more than happy to make my mom happy because that made me happy. Enjoy yourself. You can get whatever you want.

She stared at the dishes. So much food. Maybe... we should split a plate?

Lady and the Tramp it? I asked, arching an eyebrow.

She giggled. Just so long as you know I'm not nudging a meatball across the plate to you with my nose.

Deal, I said. Okay, what should we get?

We ended up sharing a plate of angel-hair pasta with a rich meat sauce on it and Parmesan cheese. There were delicious breadsticks and a wonderful salad. We ate. We chatted. We both leaned over the table to kiss from time to time. Our feet played with the other beneath the table.

It was a lot of fun. As we wrapped it up, this pang of sadness knifed my heart. If I didn't have Allie, I could be happy with Wendy. Fall in love with her. She was such a wonderful and caring girl. I would have to make sure she found the best girlfriend ever.

I would make it my mission to see her happy no matter what.

We didn't have dessert since the pasta was filling. So I paid and we left arm in arm. The waitress smiled at us and said. You two are so cute together. Why are lesbians so adorable?

Wendy stiffened but then she just said, Thanks.

After we were out of earshot, I whispered, I'm surprised you didn't correct her that I was a futa.

I guess... it's because I know you're a futa, so that's all that matters to me. She tightened her arm around me. Besides, I know that look women get in their eyes when they realize you're a futa. I read there's a study that says you futas just short-circuit women's brains. You're so novel, so different, that it bypasses our self-control and makes us super-horny.

Well, no wonder I've had so much fun, I said. Like me, you, and Victoria in the bathroom at school.

That was fun, Wendy said.

Yeah, you had a lot of fun eating out Victoria's pussy.

Licking your cum out of her, she said as if she didn't do that and then kept going, just feasting on Victoria. So, uh, what movie are we seeing?

This new one. Autumn Leaves Fall. It's a romance. 

Oh, never heard of it, she said.

It was an indie romance. A lesbian one. 

Despite it being Friday, no one was really in this theater. We had our section all to ourselves. The bombastic music from the new comic book movie bled through the wall, which was annoying, but also why we had our privacy. Soon the movie started playing, and Wendy realized just what sort of romance it was.

But that didn't stop her from kissing me when the heroines were making out, sharing their forbidden love behind their husbands' back while the autumn leaves fell around them in their own private sanctum. 

Wendy slipped into my seat as she kissed me. It was one of those big seats that reclined back, and we were skinny girls. Well, under America's average BMI. It was tight, but we squirmed together and shared kisses. 

The movie progressed, and then a sex scene started. Wendy gasped at the kissing on screen. The breast play. The actresses had great tits. They were really getting into sucking on each other's nipples. My friend squirmed, no doubt shocked that this level of sex was shone. It was R-rated, but I bought my tickets online and used the kiosk with my phone so no one carded us.

My dick grew harder and harder in my panties. Then Wendy rolled on her side, her rump rubbing into my hip. She squirmed there, panting as she watched the lovers explore each other. The blonde started going down on her lover. It didn't show any pussy licking, sadly, but her head was between her lover's thighs.

I turned onto my side, rubbing my hard cock into Wendy's rump. The light of the movie played over us as I hiked up her skirt. I worked up mine, too. Wendy whimpered and moaned, making such breathy sounds as I slid her skirt over her waist.

And realized she wasn't wearing panties. I caressed her naked hip sliding up and down, just making sure. I hugged her from behind and whispered into her ear, Missing something.

You make me too wet, she whispered. I didn't want sodden panties.

Mmm, you're about to get real wet, I cooed and reached between us to my racy, red pair of panties. They were almost a thong but covered the upper part of my butt-cheeks. I hooked the fabric to the side.

My futa-cock popped out and smacked into her warm rump.

She let out a groan of delight. I shifted my hips as we squirmed in the chair. The blonde actress was making her brunette lover moan out loudly, shuddering in obvious climatic delight. Crying out about how much better this was than being with her husband.

A fallen leaf landed on her left tit.

I rammed my futa-dick into Wendy's pussy. I slid to the hilt in her. I groaned as she engulfed me. That wonderful, juicy, delicious pussy swallowed my dick. She felt so amazing around me. I trembled in her twat's embrace. I kissed and nibbled at her shoulder while her pussy clenched down around me. She stirred her hips from side to side, teasing me. The pleasure surged through my body.

I pumped away at her with short jabs of my cock. I reveled in working my girl-dick in and out of her cunt. The chair creaked and groaned around us as we squirmed. She grabbed my hand and pulled it to her mouth, muffling her own moans.

Her wet passion soaked my palm, her lips working against it. 

What about me? I groaned. I want to cry out, too.

Wendy just clenched her pussy around my futa-dick. She whimpered, her cunt clenching around me as I thrust my cock in and out of her pussy. Only a few inches of movement, but enough to stimulate the tip of my shaft.

My cunt drank in the heat flowing down my cock. That heady delight rippled through me. It was incredible to enjoy. I groaned, her snatch squeezing down on my dick on every pull back. She massaged me while the women reached the culmination of their lovemaking.

We kept going as they broke apart and headed back to their husbands. I drove my cock into Wendy's pussy, thinking about Allie. She was my secret lover. I wanted to tell Wendy. To share her with Allie and help Wendy to be happy.

I nuzzled into her ear and hissed, You're making my futa-cock feel incredible. You're driving me wild, do you know that?

She squeezed her pussy around my futa-dick and moaned into my hand.

You're so naughty. Oh, Wendy, I want to feel you cum on my clit-dick. Then I want to fill you with my jizz.

She shuddered. The movie was wrapping up. We had to, too. I pumped with hard strokes. She squirmed against me. Her pussy's silky grip sent heady pleasure rushing down to my pussy. I moaned into her ear. I nibbled on it.

Licked it.

She squeezed about me. Then she trembled in my embrace. The pleasure rippled through my body. This ecstasy swept through me. It was amazing to feel her cum around my clit-dick. She squealed into my hand, her tongue rubbing across my palm.

I gasped and then clenched teeth as I buried into her juicy snatch. Stars burst across my vision.

My futa-cum fired into her twat.

I trembled in the reclining seat with her, the vinyl groaning beneath us as we shared our pleasure. My jizz pumped into her. Spurt after spurt of cum that splashed against her cervix. It burned through my mind. Left me dizzy. Dazed.

I groaned, nuzzling into her ear. I held her tight as my orgasm died down from that wonderful plateau of pleasure. Her pussy gripped my cock, milking out every drop of cum in me while I panted in delight.

The movie came to an end. The women never went back to that secret place. They surrendered to their society and were miserable in their lives. It was sort of depressing. The movie ended with a last shot of a leaf falling from a bare tree. It drifted down, swirling, and then landed between them. They were staring at each other, older now.

Were they going to kiss? Embrace. I tensed.

The movie ended there. 

I groaned in disappointment while Wendy said, They found each other in the end.

Really? I asked.

Yep. Just had to wait for the last of their facade to fall away. For them to be bare and exposed, not hiding behind anything. Not even a single leaf.

Huh? I said. That's deep. I didn't notice that at all.

You were too busy fucking me and... The credits played. The lights came on. Oh, no, we'll get caught.

We shifted and my cock popped out. We battled to straighten our clothes as the few other patrons passed us without comment. We then climbed out of the chair, both of us flushed and smiling. She took my hand and we rushed out. I buzzed from enjoying her in the theater while the movie played in my mind.

It really resonated in you, huh? I asked.

I guess, she said, shrugging. It was nice. Never seen a movie like that. I'm glad you took me.

I smiled. Fun's not over.

I texted my mom and she was already waiting. She wore just a sweater and sweatpants instead of her work clothes. It was obvious she had just thrown them on, her hair a blonde, tousled mess. Allie had been having her fun.

Good.

How was the movie, my Mommy-slut asked.

Oh, it was amorous, I said, giving Wendy a big grin.

A look of panic flitted across her face. She clearly didn't want my mom to know we'd had fun. She squirmed in the seat and said, It was a romance.

A lesbian romance, I added. Wendy loved it.

Oh, that's wonderful, Mom said as she pulled away.

Wendy blinked at that. Our families went to the same church, and our preacher, Reverend Helen August, was a bit of a homophobe. My friend had to think my mother held the same sort of beliefs. Now she was realizing maybe my mom didn't.

So, what are you two going to do with your slumber party? Mom asked. 

Wendy squirmed more.

Make love, I said casually.

Just make sure you clean up, my Mommy-slut said. You don't want to leave a mess for Wendy's mother to discover and get her in trouble.
Wendy's jaw dropped. She stared at me. I 
winked and took her hand. I kissed it. Then I leaned over and kissed her. I thrust my tongue into her mouth and savored the sweetness of her lips. She whimpered against me, her tongue dancing and playing with mine while Mom drove us to her house.

We got there far, far too soon. A breathless Wendy said bye to my mother and we piled out and rushed up to her front door. She held my hand tight while my excitement mounted. I couldn't wait to put in what Pita had given me after our study session at her place yesterday.

Inside, Wendy had this wild look in her eyes. I just want to lick you all over, she moaned. Can you wait in the living room? I want to change I have something to show you.

I winked at her.

She scampered upstairs. I didn't hesitate to rip off my blouse and skirt. I was down to just my panties in a flash. I let them cradle my hardon and absorb the juices flowing out of my pussy. I was so wet and excited. I knew how to use her TV and I quickly got the movie loaded and paused it on a black screen just about to dissolve into the start of the action.

Then I sat down and waited.

A few minutes later, Wendy descended the stairs. I heard her move through the house and then stepped into the room wearing a white, babydoll nightie with a fuzzy hem. It had thin straps that held it up, the white cloth cupping her breasts while translucent cloth fell down over her stomach and waist. Through it, I could see a dainty pair of white panties.

Oh, you look gorgeous, I groaned, my futa-dick throbbing. I patted the couch. Come snuggle up beside me. I have a movie to show you.

Ooh, you do? she asked, both surprised and intrigued. Are we going to start making out watching it?

Just like a pair of horny teenagers are supposed to. 

She settled down beside me and I slipped my arm around her. She cuddled up beside me and draped her thighs over mine. Her left breast, clad in her nightie, brushed my naked boob. I raised the remote, clicked play, and dropped it.

So what move is... Passionate moans burst from the sound system. 

Oh, wow, I said. Just starting right with the action.

Both women were already topless and kissing each other on a rug before a fire. There was no story, no setup, just the pair kissing each other. Groping each other. They were both young, barely legal, and nubile. They had firm tits and slender bodies. One had a thong. The other a pair of lacy panties. Their tongues danced as they moaned.

Then the camera pulled out to show a room full of women having sex. They all appeared eighteen or nineteen, some with larger breasts, others with boobs smaller than Wendy's. Allie-sized titties. They sucked on hard nipples. Some were pulling off bras or nighties. Others pulled down panties. One girl threw back her head as a brunette went down on her, eating her pussy with hunger.

The camera showed a close up of that, a pink tongue lapping up and down a pussy with a pierced clit. Just like my older sister Tara. The other girl had a tongue stud. The metal clinked together, both of them moaning. Gasping.

Then the camera cut to a blonde with big boobs having both her fat, pink nipples sucked on by a pair of brunettes. They also fingered her while she had her digits sliding into their butt-cracks to find their assholes.

This is... porn, gasped Wendy. Lesbian porn!

I borrowed this from Pita, I said. I didn't 'know it was like this. My dick was on fire watching the licking and lapping. 

Wendy watched it, her tongue flicking across her lips. Did she know she did that? Wendy squirmed on the couch, her nipples poking at her nightie. Her little titties rose and fell. Her toes curled and flexed. Her blue eyes were locked on the screen.

The flickering of action danced across her glossy eyes. She hardly seemed to be breathing. Then she was panting. She whimpered, watching the lesbian orgy. Toys appeared. Strap-ons. Double-headed dildos. A double-pronged one that fucked both a girl's asshole and pussy. I didn't know these things existed.

The moans and pants echoed through the living room. The girls were all crying out their pleasure. One girl squirted juices. They gushed out of her pussy a whole two feet then splashed on the blankets she lay on, leaving a huge wet spot. She kept thrashing as the other girl frigged her clit and cheered her on. More juices squirted out of her.

This excites you, huh? I asked, my hand sliding up Wendy's slender thigh to the fuzzy hem of her nightie.

Wendy nodded, enraptured by the screen and all the sinful delights playing across it.

Just all those women loving each other. Not a cock to be seen. And that makes you so wet, doesn't it?

So wet, she groaned. My hand went beneath her nightie. 

Makes you want to lick pussy, doesn't it? Suck on some nipples.

She gave a vigorous nod. Her breathing quickened. She licked her lips. For a moment, they pursed together like she was imagining sucking on a nipple. 

Look at her, she's just sucking on that clit. I bet you want to suck on a clit.

I do, Jenny, Wendy groaned.

So you're a lesbian, right? I whispered.

She gasped and finally wrenched her gaze from the TV. She stared at me, shock in her eyes. N-no.

But you just said you want to suck on a clit. Not a clit-dick, but a clit. That's all woman. You want to lick pussy. To suck on nipples. They make you wet, don't they? Women? They always have, haven't they?

Her lower lip trembled.

My cock is just a safe excuse, right? A way for you to pretend you're straight while you're really indulging in what you always want. What you're ashamed of admitting.

Jenny, she said. Tears filled her eyes. I-I-I... I'm such a t-terrible Christian. I-I-I want g-girls. W-women. Like th-them. I want to... to... eat pussy! I want to devour it. I think about it all the time. I'm so a-awful.

I threw my arms around her neck and pulled her onto my lap. She straddled me, my futa-dick throbbing through my panties to rub into hers. She stared at me, her blue eyes liquid, tears spilling down them. The lesbian porn stars moaned in the background as I cupped her face and brushed away her liquid emotions running down her cheeks.

You're amazing, Wendy, I told her. You're wonderful. I love that you're a lesbian. I think it's beautiful that you're admitting who you are.

B-but my p-parent's will kill me, she sobbed, trembling on my lap. 

Then they're not good Christians if they can't love you. Love the sinner, right? Not the sin.

She nodded.

Isn't it better to admit it? Not to bottle it up. To say it. I arched an eyebrow at her. Say it, Wendy. What you are.

...esbia... she whispered.

Louder, I said. Be proud. Shout it out.

...lesbian...

Come on. Where's that passion you showed me when you were licking Victoria's pussy to a climax. When you were loving her cunt and reveling in what you truly craved.

Wendy closed her blue eyes. She drew in a deep breath. I am a LESBIAN!

My ears rang from that final outburst. I grinned at her and then kissed her. She melted into my lips. Her tongue danced around mine. She ground on me, rubbing her hot pussy into my throbbing cock. I slid my hands from her face and down the back of her babydoll nightie. I grabbed her rump through the translucent cloth. Didn't feel panties. 

She wore a thong.

That was so awesome.

She kissed me with such wanton and free hunger. I shuddered, kissing my friend with such hunger. Our lips worked together. Her tits rubbed into mine. She felt so wonderful against me. Such a delicious and beautiful creature.

I would make love to her. I would give her such rapture, and then I would let her go. Send her out to find a girl to make her happy. One who didn't have a clit that turned into a dick. I knew she would find the perfect person for her. 

Just like I'd found Allie.

My fingers dug into her rump as we kissed. Her tears added a salty flavor to the buttery-sweet taste of her lipstick. I shuddered and then I rolled her over. The lesbians moaned in the background while her thighs squeezed about my waist, holding me in her embrace.

I broke the kiss with her and cooed, Just watch the movie while I eat that yummy pussy of yours out.

Jenny, she breathed, staring at me. I... I'm sorry if it seemed like I was just using you because of your

I silenced her with a finger to her lips. It's okay. I figured it out pretty quick. I want you to be happy, Wendy. You're my friend. No matter what. Right?

Wendy kissed my digit. No matter what.

I smiled and to the floor, sliding out of the embrace of her thighs. I knelt before her, my futa-dick throbbing in my panties. I pushed her knees far apart while the fuzzy hem of her nightie rode up to expose the white thong she wore. I could see it now vanishing into her butt-cheeks, the fabric damp over her pussy, her blonde curls peeking a bit out the side.

She'd shaved herself. Trimmed the edges to wear this. I quivered in delight while she stared at the screen, watching the lesbian orgy unfolding behind her. I reached beneath her hips and snagged her waistband. I pulled the thong off her hips. It slid out from the crack of her ass and away from her blonde-furred muff.

Her spicy musk filled my nose. I breathed it in and quivered in delight. My entire body shook with the rapture of that aroma. It was the best scent in the world. I nuzzled down into her bush, rubbing my lips into her wet curls, her pussy lips waiting to be teased.

Oh, yes, yes, eat her out! Wendy moaned. Just get that tongue in there.

I smiled and thought that was a great idea.

I pressed my lips right against her spicy pussy lips and thrust my tongue into her depths. She gasped. Her thighs swung shut around my head, holding me in place. My tongue fluttered up and down her folds. I caressed her and teased the insides of her sheath, soaking in her yummy cream.

Her juices ran down my chin. Her wet curls caressed my cheeks. The couch groaned as she squirmed. She held me tight. She clutched me with such intensity while the porn stars moans blared from the TV, the shifting action dancing lights across her face.

Oh, that's so naughty. Work that toy into her butthole! She's going to cum so hard.

I bet.

And you... Oh, my god, four fingers! You're not. You're fisting her! That's possible?

Pussies are elastic, I groaned, my futa-cock throbbing and aching.

Wendy humped against me as she watched the wicked action on the screen. My panties grew so sticky, the wetness spreading from my crotch. The fabric clung to my futa-dick. My shaft throbbed and ached to be in the yummy, spicy pussy I watched.

My friend squeezed her tits through her nightie. She pinched her nipples, watching the screen in awe. The pants and moans mixed with her own whimpers and groans. I fluttered my tongue up and down her pussy folds, giving her such a treat.

She pinched her nipples through her nightie. My own ached in sympathy. She bit her lip, her blue eyes glossy and gleaming with reflected lust. My tongue plundered her pussy while my hands stroked her thighs.

I caressed her silky skin with my fingers as I feasted on her. More and more of her spicy cream spilled over my chin. I fluttered my tongue up to her clit. I swirled around it. She gasped, twisting her nipples hard through the cloth.

Yes, yes, pound her pussy with that strap-on! she gasped. She's loving it. And you... You ride that mouth, slut! You're going to drown her!

Drown me! I moaned into her cunt.

I will, Jenny and... She shuddered. Yes, yes! That's it. Look up all those yummy juices. I bet that's just the best. You're enjoying them all, aren't you? Oh, look at you go. That's so hot. That's so wonderful.

Her joy had me fluttering my tongue against her clit as fast as I could. My fingers reached around her thighs. I slid up at her pussy from below. I rubbed at her hot folds while I caressed and teased her pink bud, driving her wild.

My fingers found her pussy hole. I stroked it, ready to just thrust them into her depths and make her explode. That would be so hot to do. I dipped two of my digits into her juicy sheath. Her cunt gripped them.

My dick throbbed in envy.

Yes, yes, yes, Wendy moaned, her digits twisting those nipples hard through her nightie. Ooh, look at them go. Just fingering that pussy and sucking on the clit. She's going to drown the redhead in pussy cream.

Yum, I said and sucked on Wendy's clit, my digits reaming her pussy. My red hair swayed about her thighs.

Yes, yes, she's going to cum! Wendy twerked her nipples and then pulled on them. She's going to cum so hard. Oh, gosh, yes!

Wendy's pussy convulsed around my digits. Hot juices gushed out around them. I ripped my fingers out of her snatch so I could bathe in her cream. My friend cried out in rapture while her spicy pussy bathed my mouth in her passion.

I licked and lapped up the flood of juices gushing out of her. My tongue dug furrows through her pussy lips. I devoured her with such hunger. She trembled on the couch. She gasped out in delight. Her body trembled through her rapture.

I savored it. Her eyes fluttered. They stared down at me with such glossy rapture in them. Her smile grew and grew as they focused on me. Then she squirmed and fanned her face. She rolled her shoulders and then whimpered, Jenny.

I grinned up at her. Good one.

She nodded in this wonderfully cute way.

Let's go up to your room, I said, holding out my hand. I want to make love to you in a bed.

Yes, she said and stood up, taking my hand. 

She held it tight and led me through her living room, her nightie's fuzzy hem swaying about her upper thighs. Her cute rump bled through especially as she headed up the stairs. The way it danced, flashing her naked ass at me, had my dick throbbing.

We reached her room and she pushed me towards the bed. I sank down on it and watched as she pulled off her nightie. She peeled it up her form and pulled it off in a flourish. Her small breast quivered. I stared at her in hunger, squeezing my round tits. I drank in how sexy she was.

She grabbed her braid and undid the ties that held it together. Then she unwound it. It was so sexy watching her blonde hair grow looser and lower. She shook it and a fall of golden tresses spilled over her shoulders and down to her breasts. She had such long hair. It fell to her ass.

Then she crawled onto the bed, her blue eyes sparkling. She grabbed my panties and tugged on them as she latched her mouth onto my nipple and sucked. I gasped as my futa-dick popped out of my red cheekies. She worked the lacy cloth off my legs as she sucked and nibbled on my nub. My pussy clenched, drinking in the heat. I thrust my legs up in the air, letting her pull off my panties.

She popped her mouth off my nipple and pressed her face into my crotch. She inhaled deeply and groaned. You smell so good, Jenny. Another deep inhalation then she threw them to the side. So amazing.

She slid between my thighs and buried her face right into my pussy. I gasped as she stroked my cock while her tongue licked at my folds. She fluttered up and down, teasing me. Her blue eyes stared at me past my cock. Her hand fisted up and down it, massaging my tip while her tongue thrust into my depths.

She danced her tongue around in my cunt. She fluttered in up and down. She teased me. I shuddered, my body squirming. The pleasure rippled out through me. I gripped her thighs, holding tight to her head while she made me feel amazing.

Every flutter of her tongue and stroke of her hand on my cock sent delight spilling through me. Her tongue thrust deep as she could reach into my pussy. Her lips worked on my labia. Stimulation flared through me. It was incredible.

Wendy! I moaned, my breasts jiggling. Oh, wow, Wendy!

I kept staring down at her blue eyes. They almost twinkled in the light spilling in from the hallway. Her bed creaked beneath me as she feasted on me. My toes curled. My futa-dick throbbed in her wonderful grip.

She stroked up to the tip and then she just rubbed her thumb into my spongy crown. She smeared the precum across the pink tip. I gasped. My breasts jiggled as the pleasure raced through me. It felt delicious to enjoy.

Oh, that's good, I groaned. Oh, wow, that feels real good.

Mmm, that's what I want to hear, she cooed. She thrust her tongue into my cunt and fluttered up and down again. Because I'm going to enjoy your cock.

What are you waiting on? I asked.

She lifted her head, her lips dripping with my juices. I am a lesbian. I had to lick your pussy first. Enjoy those juices.

I giggled.

But... She stared at my cock. Ooh, this dick makes me so wet. She licked the tip, gathering up my precum while I shuddered on her bed.

Then she crawled over me, still holding my cock. Her loose, blonde hair fell about her face. Her blue eyes sparkled. She straddled me and pressed the tip of my futa-dick right into her pussy. She wiggled her hips back and forth.

Then she pressed down on my dick. I gasped as the pleasure soared through me. Her pussy lips spread and spread to engulf my futa-cock. Her little titties quivered. Her face twisted in rapture. Then she sank further and further down my shaft. She swallowed more and more of my length. Her amazing twat bottomed out on me.

I gasped as her pussy clenched around me. She wiggled her hips and stirred them from side to side. Her hair danced. She grabbed my breasts as she stared down at me. Then she slowly slid her pussy up my girl-cock.

Wendy! I groaned, my hands caressing her sides, sliding over her silky skin. 

Mmm, Jenny! she whimpered, her pussy squeezing tight about my cock. She wiggled her hips from side to side. You feel incredible. So big and thick.

Enjoy!

Her fingers dug into my breasts. I am.

It was exquisite. She rode my dick slow. It wasn't that wild rush of fucking. No, no, she was savoring my cock. Taking her time with it. It was incredible to feel her rising up inch after inch of my cock, massaging my flesh. Giving me such a thrill. The friction engulfed my cock with silky delight.

Then she slid back down it. She swallowed my dick with such teasing slowness. I gasped and groaned, my fingers tightening into her side as more and more of her hot cunt spread over my dick. She bottomed out on me, moaning, shuddering.

Then she did it all over again.

Her digits kneaded my tits as that amazing pussy teased my cock. Her twat squeezed about my cock. She let me feel her passion. How much she enjoyed my dick. The pleasure was growing with every second. My fingers dug into her hips, holding her tight.

Her face twisted with delight. She moaned, Jenny, as she rose up my cock and, Oh, yes, on the downstroke.

God, you're so cute, I cooed, my hands sliding up to cup her breasts. I squeezed them. Kneaded them. She smiled at me, her eyes sparkling with sapphire delight.

And you're not? she asked, leaning over me more.

Her blonde hair spilled over her face and draped over my tits. The silky tresses teased my nipples. Pleasure rippled through me. I groaned, my dick throbbing in the embrace of her pussy. My toes curled. The pleasure built and built faster and faster. That amazing twat rode up and down my dick, the angle different.

She worked her thighs faster. She lifted that pussy faster and rocked back down my cock, swallowing that dick with her hunger. She leaned down lower and lower, bringing her lips closer and closer as her passions swelled.

Her cunt grew hot around my futa-cock. My pussy drank in the pleasure flowing down my dick. My hands slid around to stroke her back, sliding through the loose hair spilling down over her body I grabbed her rump.

Jenny! she moaned and kissed me.

I tasted my sweet musk on her lips while mine was still stained with her spicy delight. Her breasts pressed into mine. She rocked herself on my futa-shaft, her body moving on top of mine. Her pussy clenched about my cock, massaging me. The pressure swelled in my ovaries, fed by the heat brewing in my cunt. 

My fingers found her rump and squeezed tight. I held her tight, my digits digging into her flesh. I savored how she danced her hips from side to side. She stirred around me, teasing me. The pleasure built. My fingers clawed at her ass. I held her tight as our tongues danced together. Her lips tasted so sweet.

It felt so amazing to hold her. To kiss her. Her pussy massaged my cock. When she rocked forward, her nipples sliding past mine, her twat sucked at my dick. At my ovaries brimming with my futa-cum. I whimpered, my digits massaging into her butt.

Then she slammed back down my cock. She engulfed me in her hot heaven only to do it all over again. I trembled beneath her. I couldn't take much more of this. Our tongues danced together. Her nipples caressed mine.

I came.

My jizz fired into her pussy as she slid her cunt down my erupting futa-dick. I squealed into her kiss. She trembled atop me. Her twat clenched around my cock. She wriggled her hips from side to side while the dual delights of my orgasm surged through me. 

She exploded on me.

Her pussy went wild about my dick, spasming just like my cunt did. She milked my erupting cock. I moaned into her kiss. She groaned back. Her body bucked atop mine. I savored the convulsions of her twat. She milked out all that jizz from me. She worked out every drop while the pleasure slammed into my mind.

And washed out of my pussy.

I loved it. Cumming as a futa, sharing this with her. I held her rump tight as we hit the peak of our pleasure. Then she groaned and rolled off of me. She panted as she lay beside me, her hair spilling over her pillow. I joined her, my entire body trembling through the pleasure we just enjoyed.

Jenny, whimpered Wendy. Oh, that was wonderful. You're amazing.

And so are you, I said. I rolled over and nuzzled my face into her cute boobies. And you're going to be happy. I want you to be happy. I want you to find a proper girl and give dating a real lesbian a try. Not me. Not a substitute.

But... she protested. She stared down at me. What about me and you?

We're always going to be friends. I licked her nipple. Sex friends. Best friends. Me, you, Pita, Victoria, and Briana are going to be friends forever. But you can't just use me as a crutch. You need to enjoy someone who is all girl. And if your parents freak out, then you can come stay at my place. My family is very accepting of girl-on-girl fun.

Your mom was cool with his. She squirmed. My parents don't even know about us. I was too scared to tell them I was dating a futanari.

I'm scared to admit something, too. I bit my lip. I'm in love with someone else. Someone I shouldn't be, and I'm so frightened of telling you. I'm afraid you'll judge me.

I won't! She ran her fingers through my hair. Jenny, we're friends, right? Lovers, even.

Yeah, we're best sex friends. I took a deep breath. It's my little sister. I'm in love with Allie. We took each other's virginities.

Oh, my, gasped Wendy. She stared at me in awe. That's... Really? You and your sister really have sex?

Yeah, I said. I took a deep breath. So if I can admit that, surely you can be honest about being a lesbian.

I trembled there, waiting for her to answer. To hate me.

She cupped my face and pulled me up her body. My boobs dragged up to nuzzle hers. She kissed me with love and acceptance. Her arms held me tight. Her thighs. 

She didn't reject me.

She understood and approved that I loved my little sister. My body shook. Tears sprang in my eyes. They spilled down my cheeks. They ran the meeting of our lips. The salt seasoned them as I trembled atop her. She squirmed beneath me, holding me so tight.

When I broke it, I whispered, You're such a great friend, Wendy.

Me? She blinked at me. Jenny, you helped me accept being gay! I've been so afraid of these feelings for years. And then you came along with your futa-cock. I'm so glad to have met you, Jenny. You're amazing.

I smiled at her. Thanks. I'm glad you feel that way.

Wendy bit her lip. So, um, who should I date?

You and Victoria had fun together, I said. And watching you swap my cum with Pita was hot. And I can guarantee that Briana would be open to doing some girly things with her. And if not them, Kathy Greene will give you a workout.

No, no, I need a more... girl my speed. She smiled. I don't just want to fuck. Well, I mean, if you're involved.

I grinned at her. Try Victoria. I think you two would be great together. So cute.

How did this start out as us being girlfriends and end with us being best friends? 

Because we weren't in love love, I said. Just in lust. And because we care for each other. We want each other to be happy. Isn't that what makes being friends great? Being there to support each other?

Yeah. She grinned at me. Well, we're still on this date until morning. We could go watch more of that movie and see what inspires us.

I have unleashed a lesbian monster, I said. It's always the quiet ones.

Wendy giggled in delight. 

I was so happy for her. I knew things would change. My first week as a futa was nearly up, and it had transformed all the lives around me in such wonderful and interesting ways. I couldn't wait to see what the future held for us.

To be continued...
