usual disclaimer: If you are under 18 years of age and you are reading this you are being naughty children and should immediately stop and delete this file.  If you live in a community where this type of stuff is illegal, I suggest you move.  
		      Any similarities to persons living or dead is purely intentional.  Names may have been changed to protect the horny.
	
TheRant's Tales   (therant@yahoo.com)		TheRant's Fantasies
---------------------					--------------------------			
1.0  Firsts					I    In the Buff
1.1  Getting Even					II   Feminine Charms
1.2  Birthday Presents				III  Early to Bed
1.3  Karate Girl					IV  Ya Gotta Have Faith(Cumming Soon)
1.4  Greek Lessons
1.5  Staying Even
1.6  Going Down Under 
1.7  My Indian Princess (Cumming Soon)

(archive at ftp.asstr.ml.org\pub\Authors\TheRant)
(or just search DejaNews for TheRant)

Early to Bed		by	TheRant
-----------------

	"Millionaire Murdered!"
	Temper had only been half awake when he bent to pick up the morning paper from in front of his apartment door, he was just surprised to see that one of his neighbors hadn't swiped it yet, but that headline with a nice clear color photo of Grant Sawyer underneath it woke him up quickly enough. 
	It had been over two months since he got back from San Francisco with the news that Albert Martinez was dead, and a real boost to his sex life. Whatever that was that the Halliwell sister's did to him, his cock was more active now than it was when he was sixteen. It had taken the three sweet witches, along with the charming Dr. Emma Martinez two days to finally get him safely limp enough to move comfortably around in his pants. Then on the short flight back to Chicago it jumped back up as hard as a rock when he got a good look at the stewardess on the flight. She'd pretended not to notice but kept coming back every couple of minutes to ask if she could help him with anything. He was really tempted to ask if she was any good at blowjobs, but he decided he'd better try and learn to control his new hormones before they got him into more trouble.
	Of course he failed miserably at it.
	He stopped off at Angie's on the way to his office to tell her he was back in town where he got a very tight, enthusiastic and sweet smelling welcome back from one of her waitresses. Alex had gotten over her shy streak around him and was doing everything in her power to let him know she was more than available. When she gave him a hug ,pressing her firm , well endowed body into his, he couldn't help but shoot up and poke her in the stomach back.
	Alex took that with a surprised giggle and gave him a bit of a struggle as he pried her off of him. Finally Angie had to help by sending her into the kitchen to pick up an order.
	"That's quite a greeting." she said, grinning at the lump in his trousers. "I guess you've finally given up on denying the inevitable."
	Temper turned pink. A site that didn't help his tough guy image very much. "It's not that. It's just that something happened to me in San Francisco that ... well I'll tell you about it later."
	"San Francisco!" Angie almost yelled with excitement. "You must have been there when the orgy started."
	"Yeah, but I'll tell you all about it later." he quickly begged off, backing toward the door.
	"I'll bring up your usual lunch, about 12:30." Angie added as he opened the door. "I want to hear every detail."
	As he made his way up to his office he went over in his head what he was going to say to both Angie and Grant Sawyer. He certainly wasn't going to tell them the truth. Not just because he promised the Halliwell sisters that he wouldn't tell anybody their secret, but because he didn't think any of them would believe him. Angie had hit on the excuse he was going to use with her. His new found agility was going to be a reaction to that orgy that had hit San Francisco. After she got a taste of it he doubted she'd have any more questions for him.
	Grant Sawyer on the other hand would want a better explanation, and one that didn't have to mention his newfound sexual prowess. For him first would be the news that Albert Martinez was dead, probably at the hands of the incubus. He would mention the orgy, without going into any details about his place in it, but he would mention that Albert was the actual seller of the object. Also he'd have to mention Albert's sister Emma and the help she gave him in banishing the incubus from the city before it struck again. 
	In his office he phoned Sawyer's secretary and made an appointment with the man to brief him on the case as well as pick up his pay for the excursion. She had a pretty sexy voice, deep and throaty, and got a rise out of her. One that he hoped Angie would hurry up and take care of.
	She brought up his lunch as usual, but his appetites were on something else other than food. For over an hour he plunged away a her until she begged him to stop, saying she had to get back to the diner. Sweaty and aromatic but satisfied she left, after agreeing to come home with him that night. 
	His meal had gotten cold but he was took relaxed to care as he wolfed it down.
	
	That was two months ago and now Grant Sawyer was dead.
	Reading though the article he grimaced at the detail the paper had put into the article. Somebody had done a lot of grisly homework. That morning the cleaning service that looked after Sawyer's yacht had come to the marina as they did every week, but that morning they had found more of a mess than usual. Grant Sawyer was dead on the bridge, and in the kitchen, and in every one of the other cabin's on the ship. Something had torn him apart, shredding his flesh into bloody strips and scattering them all throughout the ship.
	The only thing untouched was the man's head. It didn't even have a scratch on it. In a way that was good, because with the condition of the rest of the body it would have been hard to determine who it was otherwise. The official cause of death was still to be determined, but suicide had been ruled out. 
	The sickest part of the article was at the end when it said that an anonymous source at the coroner's office said that many of the parts left looked to have teeth marks on them and were partially eaten. That had yet to be confirmed by the police.
	The time of the death was from three to five days ago. Five days because that was the last time his family had seen him, and three from the ripe condition of the remains.
	Still standing in his doorway reading the paper Temper quickly jumped inside and locked it behind him. Going upstairs he pulled his shotgun out of the bedroom closet and loaded it from the box of shells in his underwear drawer. He wanted a bit of protection right then and his revolver's were in his safe back at his office. He couldn't be sure that what had happened to Sawyer had anything to do with him or that cursed dildo of his, but he couldn't help but remember that prophecy of Phoebe Halliwell. 
	A woman covered with hair and long sharp claws.       		          	
	
	Thump! 
	"Meow!"
	Gary rolled over in his bed with a groan as his morning wake up call scratched at the door wanting to be let in. For one morning he really wanted who or whatever was delivering the paper to be late. He could use a morning to sleep in
	 "Meow!"
	Sitting groggily up in bed he stumbled over to the door and opened it for the cat. It raced inside between his legs while he bent over to pick up tomorrow's paper. Stifling a tired yawn he blinked his eyes clear and looked to see what he had to do today.
	"Oh, shit!" he screamed, getting a plaintive meow out of the cat behind him.
	Marissa was downstairs trying to make some order of McGinty's books when Gary came running in bouncing off the tables and knocking over the chairs. "Whoa there Gary! She said turning her head toward the sounds of the disturbed furniture. "What's the rush?"
	"This time maybe there's something I can do." Gary spat out in a rushed drawl.
	"Another murder?" Marissa asked quickly. Yesterday when he'd got the paper the front page was plastered with the details of a rather grisly murder, but since it had days earlier there was little Gary could do but try to correct the other minor mishaps inside the tabloid.
	"Yes. Just like the first, but this time the body was found only a few hours after the murder."
	"A serial killer then?" Marissa asked with worry. "That might be a bit much for you don't you think. Especially the way they were killed. You're not exactly a violent man you know."
	Gary let out a sigh of agreement as he took the stool next to her. "I'd thought of that. I think I should recruit a little help with this one. Somebody that might be able to handle himself if we catch the killer. I was thinking of maybe hiring Temper for that."
	Marissa nodded her agreement. "A P.I.. An ex-cop. He'd at least be good in a fight. But how much are you going to tell him about this. I think you could probably trust him but..."
	"I wasn't planning on telling him about the paper, but if the worst comes I'll tell him." Gary told her. "It says the murder happens at about 8:00 tonight,...and the man was one Dustin Hamptin of Chicago."
	"Dustin Hamptin?" Marissa asked, not familiar with the name.
	"Dustin Hamptin is Temper's real name."

	The man himself was in his white mustang on his way out of the city. If he just kept on going he'd be safe, but he didn't know that yet. Instead he was going to a small campground about an hour from the city that his dad used to take him to when he was a kid. He still wasn't sure if Sawyer's murder had anything to do with that stone dick antique of his but he wasn't taking any chances. Under his seat he'd stuffed the loaded shotgun,  to be pulled out at a moment's notice.
	It wasn't really camping season, fall was here and winter was well on it's way, so there weren't many people using the place. That was going to make it much easier to check. Pulling his car over to a familiar ancient oak tree he placed the shotgun on the front seat for easy reach then went around to the trunk and opened it. The shovel he'd left in there almost two months ago was still there waiting for him.
	He paced out from the tree until he found the right spot. It didn't look like anybody'd been here recently but he just had to make sure. It only took him a few minutes to dig the three feet down to the metal box he'd buried there earlier. Shaking the dirt off the old tool chest, he unlatched it and poured the cotton wrapped object into his hand.
	 It felt about right in his hand but he had to unwrap it to make sure. Carefully he unrolled  the cotton wrap until the cold piece of stone was in his hand. It certainly looked like the bottom half of the broken dick. Of course he couldn't be sure it was the real one and not some fake somebody planted here, but he quickly decided that that would have been both needless and stupid.
	Now he had to decide what to do next. He could just bury it again, or he could bring it back with him just in case it did have something to do with Sawyer's murder. 
	Not that it was really his property to decide about. 
	Two days after he gave Sawyer his report about what had happened in San Francisco, not that the man looked as if he believed a word of it, Grant Sawyer came knocking on his office door again. This time he had the two halves of the dick and a cheque for twelve thousand dollars. He wanted Temper to guard the object for him, not that he believed any of the demon incubus , magic power crap. A thousand a month, just to look after the broken pieces of a stone dildo was too good an offer to turn down, even with the curse.
	He decided not to take any chances anyway and buried one half of it here where he'd played as a kid. The other half he'd just left in his safe in his office.
	Kicking the dirt into the empty hole, Temper patted it down level and returned to his car. The shovel he put back in the trunk, the shotgun he slipped back under the front seat and the dick he shoved into the glove compartment box. 
  	Back at his office, he dropped the half dick on his desk and bent down to the lowest drawer of his file cabinet. Pulling out a key he unlocked it and the drawer front popped off in his hand. Inside, the dial of a safe stuck out. He quickly dialed in the combination and pulled open the thick titanium door. Reaching inside he pulled out his gun. The .44 magnum was a bit too big to be comfortable but it came in handy as a motivater. It's reputation made even the toughest hood more than willing to talk. 
	His safe was a leftover from his days on the force. It had belonged to a gangster who had been a little too ambitious. It had gotten him killed and the safe, file cabinet and all had been brought in as evidence. Eventually it had been auctioned off and ended up in Temper's hands. 
	The fake door in the cabinet was only the first trick with it. Reaching both hands in Temper pushed down on the front corners of the bottom and it popped out with a loud click. From the hidden compartment he pulled out another gun, a barreta he'd gotten off a punk. It already had it's serial number filed off and made a good backup piece. It was a lot easier on the hand than the .44. Removing the only other object from the compartment he shut the safe and replaced the file cabinet door.
	Sitting behind his desk he looked at the two pieces of the stone cock. It had been a while since he last saw the hole thing together. It was really quite impressive. Together the entire piece was twenty inches long and three inches thick, carved out a gray marble-looking stone in almost too lifelike detail, strange looking writing scarring its surface. 
	Looking at it he felt a shiver run through him. He still felt it difficult to believe how it had been broken. Anne had certainly been quite a girl. He'd been a bit busy being attacked by a dozen naked, sex-crazed teenage girls at the time but he could still hear the crack as she snapped it between her legs. Then less than a minute later he had his own much more delicate equipment deep inside that hot hole that had just broken three inches of stone in half.
	A stone half in each hand he moved then closer together than rotated them to make them match correctly. As they touched he felt a shock go through his hands and he opened his hands with a scream, dropping the antique onto his desk. Shaking his numbed hands back to life he looked worriedly at the cock. Where it had been broken there was not even the trace of a seem. The whole thing was again one piece. Nervously poking a finger at it he waited for another shock, but their wasn't another. He looked at it realizing that it seemed different somehow, before he realized what it was. The carved characters were gone. The binding spell that had been carved into it a millennium ago was gone.
	"Ahhhhhhhh." A long  fulfilled sigh came from behind him. "It is good to be out of there."
	In one motion he dropped the cock, picked up a gun in each hand and rolled over his desk to the other side coming up with both handguns aimed behind him.
	"Hmmmmm?" A soft purring hum inquired.
	Temper froze as he got a good look at what had been behind him before he took aim directly at her.
	The first thought that came to mind to him sent another long hard possession of his pointing at the figure, the second was that that warning Phoebe had gave months ago in San Francisco. She'd seen danger for him,... and a woman covered in hair with long sharp claws. Claws that could have easily shredded Grant Sawyer into human fillets.
	"D... don't move." He finally managed to sputter out in warning at the creature 
	Phoebe had been right...  and wrong at the same time. This creature was definitely female but he'd call it more of a fur than hair. A golden red velvet covered her from head to toe. The fur on her head thickened and hung down past her shoulders like real hair, while an inviting triangle of similar tangles grew out at the bottom of her stomach. The only bare skin seemed to be at the ends of her large breasts, where silver dollar sized areolas circled large juicy nipples, and inside the triangular ears aimed at him.  
	Andrew Lloyd Webber would have certainly drawn a different crowd if this cat-lady had starred in his musical.
	"Who... what are you?"
	"Ahhh Temper?" she said disappointedly, her purring voice sending shivers up need up his spine. "It hasn't been that long. Don't you recognize me?"
	Temper was sure he would have remembered if he'd ever seen this creature before, but taking a second look at her there was something familiar about her. Her face, under the fur seemed to be someone he knew.
	"Emma?" he finally asked as it came to him.
	"Yay! Good!" the cat-lady said clapping her paws and lightly hopping up and down. "But not quite. Though I have to say I probably take after her right now. You wouldn't happen to have a mirror around would you. I never know what I'm going to turn out like when the baton is passed."
	"Don't move!" Temper demanded again, deciding this was the strangest killer he'd ever met. "What the fuck are you?"
	She seemed to really liven up at that question. "Fuck?! Oh yes I'd love to do that right now. You and the Halliwell sisters really filled me up in San Francisco, but I could always use another bite."
	It finally dawned on Temper. The stone cock, the Halliwell sister's, San Francisco, ...Emma.
	"You're the incubus?" he asked incredulously.
	"Wrong gender.' She said shaking her breasts at him. "Right now I'm a succubus."
	"But how...?!"
	"I take my characteristics from the current priest... or in this case priestess of my cult." She explained. "Albert didn't have any kids..., hell the only time he ever took it out of his pants was to take a leak, and even then he was careful not to touch it too much. He had me on a real starvation diet since his father died. Now Emma,... she's keeping me well fed."
	A sensuous ripple passed through her fur. "God that Halliwell girl sure has a talented tongue!"
	Temper watched in awe as the succubus writhed through what he could only call an orgasm, even if he couldn't see the source of it.
	"What just happened?" Temper asked her after she let out a loud purr.
	"I just told you." She told him as she began to preen her fur with her long limber tongue. "Piper had an appointment with Emma and they got into more than just a usual head-shrinking session. That girl is a fast learner."
	Temper let out a frustrated growl before yelling, "What the hell is going on here?!"
	"Temper temper, Temper." she admonished, waving a clawed finger at him. "You're smarter than that. After you and the Halliwell sisters burnt out poor Albert I got passed on to Emma. My physical and mental form is derived from her now. That makes me female and a whole lot smarter. The same spell that burnt out Albert sent me back to the rod,... and when you put the two halves together it allowed me to come back out. Now can I get a look at myself in a mirror."
	Temper gave up and waved the guns toward the door at the side of his office. His bathroom wasn't much, more of a closet with a toilet and sink, but it did have a mirror. He carefully followed her as she opened the door. 
	"Oh yum!" she let out a cry of delight as she finally got a look at herself. "I never know what I'm going to turn out like. Albert had no imagination at all so I ended up as the satyr last time. Emma's got a much healthier sex drive."
	Temper watched closely, his mouth getting dry and the painful tension in his pants getting worse as she fondled her body, examining every mouthwatering detail.
	"So you didn't kill Sawyer then." Temper muttered.
	"Steven's dead? What happened?"
	Her surprised reaction seemed genuine to Temper, but he really didn't have much experience judging the emotions of animal women, so couldn't be sure. "No Grant, not Steven. Somebody shredded him a few days ago. Tore him to pieces on his yacht a few days ago."
	"And you thought I did it?" she said. "Sorry Temper but I'm not capable of anything like that. I'm a creature of passion and lust not violence. I can't  hurt anybody... unless that's what gets then off. And I've been stuck in that thing since you exorcised me from San Francisco."
	Temper relaxed a bit but still kept one gun, on her as he backed to the desk and  picked up the stone rod. "So when this was broken you were stuck inside and couldn't get out."
	She nodded from the bathroom doorway and didn't even flinch when he lifted it up high then slammed it down on the corner of his desk. 
	Stepping out she kicked at the shattered wood splinters now littering the floor. "Sorry Temper but that thing can only be broken in a couple of specific ways. That slayer girl who broke it was just lucky to stumble on one them. But finding another girl like that might take a while."
	Temper looked down disappointed at the damage he'd done to his old desk. "So how else can it be broken?"
	"Well if you think you've got the strength for it you can stuff it up your ass and try to do the same thing the slayer did." she told him with a wicked, sharp tooth grin. 
	Temper didn't much like that choice. "How else?"
	"Uh, uh Temper." she said with a shake of her head. "You may be the current master of the rod but I don't have to tell you that."
	"Master of the rod?"
	"The holder of the rod is my master." She told him. Gracefully she dropped to her knees in front of him. "How may your slave serve you today master?"
	"So.... you have to do whatever I tell you to do?" Temper asked. "If I tell you to get back in the rod then you just go back in."
	"Yes master. That is so." She quickly agreed.
	"Oh cut out the' I Dream of Jeanie' shit." Temper ordered her.
	She hopped back up to her feet disappointedly. "Emma was a real fan of that show. She always had a bit of a secret fantasy about being a slave girl."
	"You know everything she does?" Temper asked feeling a bit uncomfortable. Emma and the three witch sisters had had quite a busy time together those last few days in San Francisco and having this... woman know all about that was a bit intimidating.
	The succubus sensually moved toward him, gently pushing the guns aimed at her away to the side. "Want me to prove it?" she asked licking her deliciously full lips.
	Temper felt helpless as only one of his loaded weapons was now pointed at her, but he didn't really fight the feeling. This woman-creature, this succubus had a strong hold on his hyper-charged libido and the only thoughts going through his head were erotic. 
	The succubus dropped nimbly to her knees in front of Temper and lightly stroked the front of his pants, outlining his pounding erection. She kissed the denim feeling the heat coming off of him with her lips, before undoing his belt and unzipping his fly.
	Temper let out a long sigh as some of the pressure building up in him was relieved. 
	"Oh God!" he moaned as her velvety, fur covered hand reached inside his boxers and wrapped itself around him. Gently she squeezed and stroked him into a thrashing fury until he almost reached his peak in her hand,... then she stopped.
	Panting and gasping for breath Temper looked down at her in surprise. He was so close and couldn't understand why she had stopped. Looking up at him with a Cheshire grin, her long tongue flicked out and licked her lips before it began to flick it out at the cloth covered lump in his underwear. That was too much for Temper who reached down and dropped them to the floor, his cock jumping out and slapping her in the face.
	When her lips touched his skin he moaned. When she sucked him deep inside her hot little mouth he began to tremble. When her tongue wrapped itself around him and began to squeeze in time with her bobbing head he lost control. He grabbed the back of her head and held her there while he pumped load after load down her throat. 
	She swallowed it masterfully.
	Finally drained Temper shakily fell back against his desk, his knees trembling, his breath hoarse and strained. 
	"God that was the best blowjob I've ever had." He managed to cough out. "But please don't zap me again. If I'm the master I don't want you to use that power of yours on me."
	She stood up smiling at him and licking the last drops of cum from her lips. Cupping her breasts in her hands she squeezed them, then shook them at him. "That was pure nature Temper. I can't 'zap'  you. That's part of being master."
	Temper was uncertain about that but after looking carefully at the velvety gold body of hers he decided that she might be telling him the truth. Shaking his head to clear it he asked, "What do I call you? Do you have a name?"
	"I'm a succubus." She told him. "That's what I am. I don't need a name."
	"I can't just say 'Hey you' when I want your attention. You need a name."
	"You've always got my attention Temper." She said smiling at him a mouth full of needle sharp teeth.
	He trembled slightly at the thought that only moments before his favorite body part was deep inside there.
	She looked thoughtful for a moment, a look that reminded even more of Emma, before she brightened up. "You can call me Succy then."
	Temper had to laugh at that. After the job she just did the name was certainly appropriate. "Well then Succy, what am I going to do with you?"
	Still smiling she spread her legs and rubbed her hands down her sides until she reached her rounded hips. "Well,... for right now I've got a few ideas."

	About an hour later Temper jumped when somebody knocked at his office door. Hurriedly wiping Succy's juices off of his face he pushed the two guns and the stone cock into a drawer,...then realizing that there was still a mystery killer out there he decided to keep the .44 handy.
	"Back in the bottle Jeannie." he whispered to the sucubus.
	"Yes master." she whispered back with a giggle and a smile.
	One second she was there and the next she wasn't. That was going to take some getting used to.
	Sneaking up on his office door a if it was going to attack him Temper leveled the gun at it before asking, "Yes? Who is it?"
	"Temper?" a muffled but somewhat familiar voice spoke up. "It's Gary Hobson from McGinty's."
	Lowering the gun, Temper unlocked the door and opened it. If there was anybody he'd ever met that was more harmless then Gary he couldn't remember him.
	"Hey Gary," Temper asked waving him inside. "What can I do for you?"
 	Gary looked around the office uncertainly before answering, "I could have sworn I heard voices in here."
	"I just had the radio on." Temper quickly answered. It was a lousy explanation but the best he could come up with on such short notice.
	"Uh well..." Gary stuttered slightly , seeming even more anxious than usual. "...I ... I was wondering if you've a job going today or if you're free."
	"Well... I do have a few cases in the works but all I was going to do this afternoon was stay in the office." He answered truthfully. He really had to get his desk fixed. Banging it with the dildo had badly cracked the corner and he and Succy had managed to make it even worse afterward.
	"Then you're available for hire?"
	"Yeah...I guess so." Temper said his curiosity rising. Gary was often getting into weird scrapes down at the bar but nothing he'd ever need a P.I. for. "What can I do for you?"
	"Well the bar's been getting some... unusual threats recently." Gary lied badly. It was something he had had a lot of practice at lately ,but he wasn't getting any better at it. "And I was hoping I could hire you just to hang around and... sort of guard the place for the day."
	Temper didn't know what to make of that. It was obvious to him that Gary was hiding something from him. "You sure it's just not a jealous boyfriend of Erika's?"
	He barely managed to stifle a laugh when Gary turned purple and started to sputter. "Never mind, never mind. I could use a day off anyway right now and McGinty's is just the place for it."
	Gary sighed gratefully.
	"You won't regret it. Everything's on the house "
	Taking a step to the right Temper lifted his shoulder holster off of a battered old coat stand in the corner of his office. "If I'm guarding the place I'd better be ready for anything."
	"That might be a good idea." Gary quickly agreed, which only reinforced Temper's thought that there was more to this than Gary was willing to say.
	He always felt ridiculous when he donned the coat hanging on the rack next to the holster but it was useful for hiding things. The battered old trenchcoat had a number of large pockets in it. Usually he just used themfor  hiding his back up piece, or brass knuckles, and even once a Louisville slugger.  Today he'd be carrying something a bit more unusual.
	Going back to his desk he made a show of putting the forty-four in his holster, then slipped the dildo inside a deep narrow pocket on his opposite side. He didn't feel safe leaving it here without having a good place to stash it. The safe was now too small for it. The broken half had fit all right but the whole rod was too long. He'd been planning on figuring out a good place for it while he repaired the desk but that would have to wait until tomorrow.
	
	McGinty's was pretty empty when they got there. The lunch crowd had left and it was too early yet for the happy-hour gang to start living it up.  The first thing Temper did was check the place out, find all the entrances and exits, make sure all the windows were locked and look for any nook where somebody might hide. It all seemed as safe as any open tavern could be. Afterward he tried to weasel out of Gary what was really going on. He was a lousy liar but a very persistent one.
	Giving up he just took a seat at the bar where he could get a good view of the front door while nursing his free beers.
	Hours later there still wasn't anything and he was beginning to get a bit antsy. He'd talked with Erika a bit but he'd already decided that she was hands-off. He never poached on his friends, even if Gary was acting a bit weirder than usual.
	He felt a thigh brush his as somebody took the seat next to him, and realized he wasn't paying enough attention to his surroundings. 
	"Is that a gun in your pocket or are you just happy to see me?" 
	"Hey doll-face, you know I'm always happy to see you."  He told her. "How's tricks Marissa?"
	"Oh, I haven't been in that business for years Temper." She joked with him. "I found it too hard on my back."
	As she shifted on her seat her leg brushed his side again. "Oh my. I'm really having an effect on you today."
	"It's my old baton from when I walked a beat." Temper lied. Telling her he was caring a stone dick around in his coat pocket wasn't something he was going to admit. "Gary has me on guard duty here.  You know him better than I do. What is with him today?"
	Marissa turned her face away from him as she answered. "I'm not sure. He just gets a bit paranoid sometimes. It usually doesn't last long. The best thing to do is just humor him until it goes away."
	"Uh huh." Temper grunted doubtfully.
	"Marissa!" the subject of their discussion almost yelled startling them both. "Can I talk to you for a second."
	Before she could answer he grabbed her by an arm and pulled her away to a quiet corner. 
	"Damn! Damn! Damn!" Gary said to himself quietly. 
	"What's wrong?" Marissa asked worriedly. 
	"I just took another look at the paper, and the front page has changed again." He said his grip tightening on the rolled up newsprint in his right hand. "The headline now reads 'Massacre at Local Tavern'."
	"Oh my! That doesn't sound good. Does it have any details?"
	"Not really."  Gary told her shaking his head. "It's getting late in the day so all it says was that a dozen were killed and wounded during some sort of attack. The police were keeping the details quiet until the next of kin could be informed."
	"What are we going to do?"
	In answer Gary turned around and waved his hands over his head to get everybody's attention. "Excuse me folks but there's been a little emergency. I'm going to have to close early tonight. Don't bother with your bills, it's all on me tonight."
	"Gary?" Temper asked nervously as he got up and looked around, his hand reaching under the coat for his holster. "What's going on?"
	"Nothing to be worried about." Gary hurriedly answered. "I just thought it would be safer if we closed early tonight." He gave a look around at his patrons as they awkwardly began to get up and leave. "Could you take Marissa upstairs while I get everybody out of here."
	Before Temper could answer Gary rushed off to try and hurry up some of his more recalcitrant customers.
	"He's not on anything right now, is he?" Temper asked Marissa as he stared at Gary's back.
	"No, no...." Marissa quickly answered with a nervous laugh. "Hadn't we better get going?"
	Shrugging, Temper finally gave up and took Marissa by the arm and walked her to the stairs leading up to Gary's apartment. As he'd half expected the door to the apartment wasn't locked. For somebody who seemed as paranoid as Gary was today, he wasn't very good at it.
	"Marissa, I..." Temper began to ask as they entered the through the door, but stopped when the door slammed noisily behind him. Shoving Marissa behind him he quickly turned, his hand sliding up under his coat to his shoulder holster. "Who the hell are you?"
	The man behind the door smiled at Temper, making the room's temperature drop several degrees. That smile though, was the only thing about him that seemed even the least bit frightening. The man was short, 5'2", if that, slightly overweight and beginning to go bald. Put a pair of thick glasses on him and he would be Temper's accountant's twin brother. 
	Except for the smile. 
	"Ah, good." The little man said in a strange accent that Temper couldn't quite place. "I have been wanting you alone all day but was deciding that maybe I have to go for you in the crowd.. This way is much cleaner."
	"Temper!" Marissa screamed from behind him, her arm clutching hard onto him. "Who is this man?"
	"Never seen him before." Temper admitted as he gently slipped the .44 out of the holster, still concealing it under the coat. "Hell's accountant from the look of him."
	"Ah, good." The little man said with an encouraging nod. "Humor. That will make this more entertaining."
	Gary took that inopportune moment to open the door and step inside, his breath panting as if he'd ran up the stairs. 
	"Look out!" Temper yelled as he pushed Marissa back with one hand and pulled the other out of his coat and pointed the gun at the little man.
	Gary just had time to partly turn his head before the little man pushed the door closed, catching Gary with it and knocking him across the room into the brick wall before he landed in an unmoving heap on the hard wood floor.
	"You're stronger than you look." Temper said impressed. It had looked like the little man had just given the door a tap but to send a guy Gary's size that far it was certainly more than that.
	"Ah, good." The little man said looking at the gun in Temper's hand. "Dirty Harry. Make my day. This is looking to be very entertaining."
	"Twitch a muscle and I'll make a hole in you so big you could crawl through it."
	"Yes very entertaining." The little man repeated as he took a step toward Temper. 
	"Ah hell!" Temper swore as he squeezed the trigger and felt the gun kick him in the palm.
	The little man flinched back an inch before looking down at the hole in his chest. 
	"Yes very entertaining. " the little man said taking another step.
	Bullet after bullet spat out of the gun, slamming the little man back slightly with each impact but not phasing him in the least. 
	"What the fuck are you?" Temper yelled the gun in his hand burning his bruised hand.
	"Ah, good. Fuck... yes." The little man said still with that jack'o'lantern smile eerily  plastered to his face. "That is what I am after. My master is looking for ... fuck... thing."
	"Fuck thing?" , Temper said back. If there had been any doubt in his mind that this was the same guy who'd offed Sawyer there wasn't any more.
	"Fuck thing belong to master." The little man explained. "Master lost fuck thing long ago. Master find fuck thing. Master want fuck thing."
	Lowering the useless gun Temper tapped it against his hip, feeling the slight thunk as the metal hit the stone in his pocket. 'Whatever this guy was...' Temper thought, '... he was some kind of monster.'
	Why not use a monster to fight a monster.
	"Succy!" he called out.
	The succubus appeared next to him looking just as sexy as she had earlier when he'd had his face between her downy thighs.
	"'Bout time." She told Temper. "I thought you were gonna leave me in there all night."
	The little man looked the succubus up and down curiously before nodding and declaring, "Yes you have fuck thing. Give me fuck thing and you die quickly."  
	"Succy can you take this guy." Temper asked a bit desperately.
	"I'm a lover, not a fighter." She told him with her Cheshire grin. "And he's not really my type."
	"Succy?!" 
	"Okay, okay." She told him as she looked at the queer, frightening little man.
	That horrible grin on the little man's face suddenly changed. Before it had inspired unknown terrors and whispered the pains to come, but now it was just... goofy.
	"What did you do to him?"
	Taking a step forward, Succy walked around the still little man, who seemed completely unaware of her presence. "Oh it's so nice to have a real brain again. I could never have done this in my last incarnation. But Emma,... now there's a woman with imagination."
	"What did you do to him?!" temper demanded again.
	"Like I said... " she explained to him, a pouty annoyance in her purr. "...I'm a lover not a fighter. All my abilities have to do with sex. I just granted him his every sexual desire. Just be glad they're only going on in his head and not in the real world. I don't think you'd have the stomach for them."
	Temper slowly approached the little man statue, not entirely sure that he wasn't just playing possum. When his glazed eyes didn't even blink he reached out and gave him a poke. 
	 "Owwww." He complained pulling back his bruised finger. "What's this guy made of? Cast iron? No wonder the .44 didn't do any damage."
	"Now, oh wondrous master..." Succy said reverting to her Jeannie personae. "What is you're next wish?"
	Temper ignored her and went over to check on Gary's crumpled form. The guy was unconscious and going to be pretty bashed up when he finally woke up, but other than that he seemed to be all right. Turning back he saw Marissa sitting on the floor right where he'd pushed her when Gary had come in.
	"Marissa honey." Temper said quietly approaching her. "I think I've got some explaining to do."
	She didn't move.
	"Marissa?" Temper asked, but got no response from her. 
	"Don't worry." Succy told him as he turned to her. "She's in a real nice place right now. She'll be fine but won't remember a thing  about your visitor once I bring her out of it. I thought it would be better that way."
	"Yeah, yeah... maybe." Temper gave Marissa one final worried look before turning back to the statue. "Now what are we going to do with him."
	"Know any parks that need a pigeon roost?" Succy asked dryly.
	"You mean you can keep him like that forever?" Temper asked hopefully.
	Succy shook her head, her long red mane rippling around her. "Only as long as I'm out here. Put me back in the bottle and he's back the way he was."
	"Well so much for that then. I'd kill the little creep if I knew how. Grant Sawyer wasn't my favorite client but this guy tore him to shreds and was probably going to do the same thing to me. What can we do to him?"
	They both stood staring at the little man statue for long minutes before Temper finally had a question. "Succy what exactly can you do. I know you've got this. And the last time you made all those girls crazy for Sawyer junior. And I saw you teleport Anne off to Sawyer's penthouse. Could you maybe drop this guy somewhere at the bottom of the ocean."
	Succy reached out and tapped Temper's thigh. At first he thought she was just trying to feel him up, but he realized she was tapping the rod in his pocket. "Only if this thing is down there with it. I can only bring people to it."
	Temper looked thoughtful for a minute, biting his lower lip as he studied the still statue man.	"Okay then. You made that bunch of nymphets fixate on Stevey Sawyer."        
    	"Yes." Succy nodded back to him starting to get the picture.
	"Can you control exactly who a person has the hots for?" 
	Succy smiled back at him. "You bet. You thinking of sending our killer off somewhere? I bet the Statue of Liberty could use a good hump. She's been standing there for a century now."
	"Uh uh." Temper told her. "I have a better target in mind. Let's see how this master likes it when his own boy hunts him."
	It took Succy only a moment to grant Temper's request.
	The little man looked dazed for a few seconds then turned feverish as he suddenly looked around. Not finding what he sought he rushed out of the apartment in a blur.
	"Well so much for him." Temper stated sounding pleased with himself.
	"For now anyway." Succy agreed. Temper's questioning look made her add. "Whoever this master is, if he's powerful enough to send that thing after you he's probably powerful enough to stop him too."
	"Why can things never be easy?" Temper added with a soulful sigh.
	"Well back in the bottle Jeannie." Temper told Succy with a slap to his thigh. "I've got to think of something to explain what happened to Gary and Marissa. And Gary should probably get himself looked at by a doc."
	Succy kissed him once on the cheek, her sharp teeth giving him a final nibble as she pulled back. "Well have fun." She told him with a sly smile before vanishing.
	Any contact with the sexy succubus was enjoyable, but that last smile had left Temper a bit worried. He realized he wasn't just being paranoid as two arms wrapped around him from behind. Looking down he saw delicate, chocolate brown hands working their way under his coat and trying to dig themselves through his shirt to his chest.
	"Marissa?" Temper asked.
	"Hmmmm." He felt a satisfied hum come right through his back as she rubbed her head between his shoulder blades. "Oh, Temper. That was great. Let's do it again."
	Temper usual reaction to having a beautiful woman rub herself against him appeared, stressing the tight fabric of his pants.  For a moment,... well for more than  moment, he was tempted to just turn around and concede to her request, but his conscious wouldn't let him.
	"Succy." He finally called out.
	The succubus popped up right next to him, watching the entwined pair with interest. "What can I do for you master?"
	"You can take whatever whammy you put on Marissa off of her." Temper demanded his anger fighting with lust as Marissa's hands started to work there way south down his stomach to his crotch.
	"No go master." She informed him with a chuckle. "I didn't do anything to her except wake her up."
	"Then how..." Temper began to ask but ended up groaning as Marissa's searching hand found there goal.
	"I told you she was in a nice place." She told Temper as she continued to watch him squirm as he tried his best to ignore Marissa's affections. "I just chose one of her fantasies for her to live out. Want to guess who was the centerpiece at the banquet."
	"Succy!"  Temper said with another groan as Marissa thrust a hand down the front of his pants.
	"And when she woke up she just continued with the fantasy. This is her completely natural lust. I haven't added to it or directed it in any way." 
	"Can't you do anything to stop this." 
	"Absolutely." Succy informed him. "But it won't be that pleasant for her. It would be like I dropped her in the arctic ocean."
	Temper thought about that for a second before finally giving up. 
	"Oh hell." He whispered. "Back in the bottle Succy."
	"Do you mind if I stay out here for a bit." She asked quickly. "When I'm inside I can only feed off of Emma. Not that she isn't keeping me well fed, but I'm a growing girl and can always use another snack."
	Temper was about to tell her no, he didn't really want an audience for this, but she quickly added, "And sleeping beauty over there isn't going to stay under much longer. With me out here I can keep him under long enough for you to have you way with the damsel."
	"Oh hell." Temper reluctantly agreed.
	
	Reaching down, Temper gently took Marissa's much smaller hands in his and raised them up to his face, kissing each warm palm with his lips. Letting go of her he turned around until he was facing her, her body trying to press into him through his clothes. Pushing her chin up with a finger he raised her head until her eyes stared right into his. Even blind, there was a longing, an unspoken need in them for him to fulfill. Lowering his face to hers he pressed his lips to hers. Enjoying the soft wet petals as they pulled back at his own lips he gently probed out with his tongue stroking her teeth, then exploring further into her mouth. It was a blast furnace, hot and wet and inviting.
	All the while their faces were pressed together their hands were busy tearing at each other's clothes, each stripping the other item by item. Temper had to admire her dexterity as she slipped from button to button to zipper, never having to pause to search for the next clasp. By the time he managed to drop her dress to the floor he was already down to his boxers with both of her hands were wrapped tightly around his cock, kneading it even harder while his shaky hands tried their best to undo her bra.
	Finally tossing it aside among the rest of the clothes scattered on the floor he reached down into the back of her panties clutching a firm ass cheek in each palm. Pulling his face from her he sucked in a mouthful of cool air, then bent at the knees, slipping the panties down to the floor where she daintily stepped out of them.
	Taking a step back he just looked at her. Her soft brown skin glowed with a sheen of sweat, the two rounded globes of her breasts slowly moved as she breathed. Following  her flat stomach down there was an enormous patch of dark curls covering the hot pulsing lips of her pussy. Narrow hips, with just that soft round curve his hands had already felt flowed down her legs to small feet... that impatiently moved back and forth on the spot.
	"Temper?" Marissa asked him . "What are you doing?"
	"I was just looking at you." He admitted, feeling a bit guilty knowing she couldn't do the same.
	She just smiled at him then reached out until her hands rested on his bare chest before saying, "Then I guess it's my turn to look at you."
	It was a startling, but erotic, sensation as she brushed just the tips of her fingers over his face, feeling the outlines of his eyes, nose and mouth then circling up from his chin to his ears. Having felt she had a good picture of his face now, she moved onto his body, first feeling the outline of his neck arms and shoulders before beginning to stroke all the rest of the bare skin covering his muscles and sinews.
	It was almost a massage,  her touch was so soft that he could barely feel it, but it left him tingling and wanting more.
	She ran her hands through the hair on his chest, pausing to lightly pinch his nipples before sliding down the sides of his stomach, just missing his cock which poked almost painfully up to rest on hers. Dropping to kneel in front of him the palms of her hands stoked his abdominal muscles, her thumbs running circles around his navel. When she slipped her hands around to cup his buttocks he had to force himself not to thrust himself forward, driving his cock into her rapt face.
	Slipping around, the tops of her hands just brushing his testicles, she ran her hands down the inside of his leg stoke the powerful muscles of his calves before reaching his ankles. Almost rushing after the patience she'd used to exam the rest of him she ran her hands up the outside of his legs then around to cup his ass again.
	When she leaned slightly forward and kissed the soft skin right above his pubic hair Temper let out a stifled groan of pleasure. When her tongue started to flick out as she circled the patch of hair, down his hip and around his thigh to his sack, he had to stop himself from grabbing her head and just shoving himself into her mouth and down her throat.
	Looking down he could just manage to see part of her forehead and the bridge of her nose through the mass of loose dark hair covering her head. Her lips pulled at his scrotum as they explored his testicles, his rock hard cock bobbing next to her face, occasionally lightly slapping her. When she finally reached the base of his erection she stuck her tongue completely out giving it one long wet lick up to his ultra-sensitive crown. She circled it there for awhile, enjoying his tremors, before licking along the top back to its base. 
	Then in a sudden motion she came back to the top and sucked as much of him as she could into his mouth.
	That was too much for Temper to handle, that teasing, almost ticklish sensation as she explored him had primed him early to the boiling point. Giving out a loud roar he exploded a gush of hot syrup into her hungrily sucking mouth.
	When his knees stopped shaking and the Marissa had pulled the last few drops out of him he dropped to his knees, pulling his wet cock out of her mouth with a loud slurp. Taking her head into his hands he leaned forward and kissed her.
	"My turn now." He told her as he stared into her unseeing eyes. 
	He looked at her in confused wonder. She was not the first black woman he'd ever had sex with, in fact his first time had been with a black friend of his sister's when he was thirteen, but he had never been with a blind woman before. The situation made him feel a bit guilty. It felt a bit like he was taking advantage of her, but that heated longing he saw in her face quickly settled that. 
	He closed his eyes and carefully reached out.
	He found her head right where he thought it would be, and brushing her hair back he felt the hot smooth skin of her face move under him as she changed expression. Carefully he traced out the upturned curve of her lips in a smile, then as she had, he traced out the lines and curves of her face.  It was a new sensation relying on a sense other than his eyes but the from way his cock shot up he was beginning to enjoy it.
	The soft round of her shoulder,... her long, narrow arms,... those dexterous hands.
	He wrapped his arms around her running his hands down her back and making her giggle as he traced along her spine. Coming up the sides of her stomach he stopped as he contacted the soft undercurve of her breasts. 
	He started earlier on her than she had on him by leaning down and kissing her soft skin, his tongue leaving a wet trail around the two globes as he blindly examined them with his mouth. He felt a swollen, erect nipple on his cheek before he found it with his lips. She moaned her pleasure as pulled the nipple into his mouth, tickling it with his tongue.
	He was beginning to get a bit of a crick in his neck as he busily chewed and sucked, so gently gave her a shove back and she moved with him, using their discarded clothes as a blanket under her. Much more comfortable he went back and forth between her breasts, rubbing his cheeks, lips and tongue over their soft supple flesh.
	As he kissed his way down her stomach he gently ran his hands down her sides feeling her shiver as he explored new, untouched flesh. Just above that jungle of tight dark curls Temper wiggled around on the discarded clothes making himself more comfortable. He was planning on being there for quite awhile.
	While his face circled the hairy obstacle his hands lightly stroked down Marissa's outside hips, thighs and calves, then switched to the inside. By the time his face reached her inner thighs his hands had already been there, stopping just before touching those sensitive folds between her legs and worked their way back down to her knees, now concentrating on the delicate skin behind them.
	He realized quickly as his tongue flicked out and touched her pussy that Marissa was almost as primed as he had been when she had started on his nether regions. Diving in anyway, her hips twitched under him and she let out a series of high pitched squeaks as he explored her with his lips and tongue. 
	That hot tunnel leading deeper inside of her was oozing a continuos flow of warm, sweet honey as his tongue thrust inside of it seeing how far it could penetrate. He felt the sharp sudden pulses as he felt her beginning to blow and switched his exploration to her clit, his lips lightly nibbling and pulling at it.
	Just as he new she was cumming he lifted her knees up and circled them so they were hooked over his shoulders locking his face tight into her cunt. Her breathing shortened into quick pants and then...
	... like a geyser Marissa blew.  She screamed so loud he wonder if it had broken any of Gary's windows as her hips bucked under his face. He was sure she would have thrown him off if her legs hadn't kept a death grip on his shoulders pushing his face so tight into her pulsing pussy he couldn't breath.
	By the time she came back down he was starting to see spots under his closed eyelids, and that first long intake of air gave him the rich aroma of a fully satisfied cunt. Just lightly teasing her with his lips he disengaged her legs and dropped them to the floor to the sides of her body. After giving her one last long lick from her asshole to her clit he inched himself up again, raining wet kisses on her, stopping only to give each hard nipple a little nip.
	His eyes still closed he knew that he was hovering over her, his face only inches from hers as he felt her hot sweet breath on his face.  Her slowly lowered his face, only to find himself kissing the tip of her nose, but laughed that off as he dropped lower and pushed his lips hard onto hers. 
	"How are you doing?" he asked her as they kissed.
	"Fine. Great!" she told him. "Just please don't stop."
	Taking that as a good sign Temper moved his hips until he felt the tip of his hard cock touch the right place on her. It took a few tries..., he was supporting himself over her body with his hands, but eventually he managed to find his goal.
	Just inching it in at first he got her used to him before going any further. That warm velvet inside of her gripped him tightly holding him and pulling him deeper and deeper inside. When he finally bottomed out, his hips grinding into hers, he stopped and held himself there.
	That was too much for Marissa. Reaching up to him she grabbed hold of his shoulder and twisted, rolling Temper over until she was on top. He'd pulled out about halfway by the time he got completely onto his back but never slipped out of her. 
	His eyes still closed he felt her sit up as she pushed on his chest with her hands until her weight was concentrated right over his groin, pushing her even deeper inside of her than he had been.  Rocking his hips Marissa quickly got the pace and began to thrust her supporting legs to increase the motion until he was almost completely coming out of her on her every uprise.
	That was too much for Temper. He had to open his eyes and see this.
	He blinked a few times before his vision became clear but the sight was a vision to behold. Marissa's slim, dark body glistened with sweat, spraying it off her as she thrashed on top of him like a wild woman. Her face was a tight ball of concentration as she flung her head around in circles, her hair making a halo around it.
	The sight alone was almost enough to make Temper shoot off again, but he forced himself to hold off for another minute. She seemed to be enjoying herself too much for him to finish too early.
	When she let out a loud cry and her pulsing vagina took a death-grip hold on his cock, that was too much for him and he let go, spraying her insides with jet after jet of bubbling semen. 
	They both slowed there movements together, exhausted from their union. When Marissa stopped her hopping completely she tumbled forward , her head coming to rest on his chest, her breathing slow and deep.
	"Marissa honey?" Temper asked.
	He got no answer from her.
	He almost jumped when a soft furry hand touched his cheek. It was Succy. Lost in the moment he'd completely forgotten he had had an audience. The succubus sat next to the still locked together couple, one fur covered hand stroking Marissa's bare back as she lay on top of Temper, the other still stroking his cheek , neck and shoulder.
	"Wow!" she said with a satisfied sigh. "I think I'm going to really like having you for a master."
	"Marissa...?" Temper asked her.
	"She's asleep." Succy told him. "After that she'll probably be out for a while. You do good work."
	"Gary...?"
	"He's still out of it. I'll let him wake up after I'm gone and you two are dressed."
	Temper wrapped his arms protectively around Marissa's drowsing form. 
	"That's good. Now all I've got to do is think of an explanation for what happened."

The end.

	That's it for Temper's third tale. I started this thing months ago but kept putting off finishing it until now. I was sorely tempted to added Erika(Kristy Swanson) to the mix for a menage but I'm trying to keep these stories at least remotely continuos with the actual series, and her joining in really didn't feel right.               	       
	Temper's next excursion is another Buffy VS tale. Well sort of anyway. I was wondering where Faith had gone off to when Buffy was "Helpless" and had a decided to create an answer.

TheRant   
