Story - My Three Day Weekend

Written by Blab 
(http://blab.diaryland.com, blab@diaryland.com)

--

I was shooting pool with Leon when he brought up this trip to Vegas. He wanted to take his girlfriend for the three-day weekend, and a buddy of his had set him up with a cheap room - but he still wanted to split the gas with somebody. Did I mention that my friend Leon is a cheap bastard?

I pictured myself in the back seat while Leon and Debbie, his pretty redheaded girlfriend, talked all lovey-dovey in the front seat for the whole four hour drive from Los Angeles to Las Vegas. They were too much in to each other, and I wasn't in the mood to watch that considering how long it had been since I had a girlfriend. I begged off, claiming I had to work over the weekend. Leon scratched an easy shot and shrugged. He said, "It'll be a good time, you should come with us."

I made my excuses and whipped his ass at pool for a little while, then I went home. I wasn't really enjoying playing, and Leon wanted to get back home to his girlfriend.

The next day I sat in my cubicle and daydreamed about my boss's administrative assistant. I surreptitiously watched her lips as she spoke into the headset mic near her mouth, imagining those lips doing wonderful things to me... That night, as I lay alone in my bed after masturbating, I realized how much I needed to get out. That's when I remembered Leon's Vegas trip, so I paged him.

When he called I said, "Hey man, I was thinking again about that trip to Vegas, am I still invited?"

"Oh dude, Debbie already invited someone else, I think it's too late." Behind the phone I sagged disappointedly as he spoke. "Let me call Deb and see if it's definite, and I'll call you back OK?"

I said, "Sure, no problem." Then I thought of something, saying, "Hey! If it helps sway your choice, I'll bring some herb." I smiled as I hung up the receiver. If I knew anything about Leon, it was how much he loved smoking someone else's weed. I'd be in that back seat, you could count on that. Now I just had to score some before friday.



----------------------------------------------

It was way too early in the morning, but I was awake - barely. I stood on the stoop waiting for Leon and Debbie, who were late. The sun was already shining warm on my face, the sky a perfect blue from the top of my apartment building to the top of the apartment building across the street. They finally pulled up in a beat up old Ford Crown Victoria, the kind that cops drive. It was even painted that babyshit brown that police somehow think makes them "Under Cover". As soon as Debbie opened the door I said, "Did you carjack a cop or something?" Leon laughed and told me he bought the car at a police auction. The back seat was huge, lots of room to spread out while I rode - sweet!

"There's one more person coming with us." Leon smiled casually as he said it, like he was telling me what he packed for lunch. Before I had a chance to object he went on, "I don't think you'll mind, her name is Anna and she's really cute." I glanced grimly at that back seat, my dreams of stretching out and sleeping all the way to Vegas so quickly inspired and then shattered.

I said, "OK, but she better not have BO."

Apparently Debbie's friend had been definite, but Leon still couldn't pass up my bait. This way he's paying even less for gas, which I'm sure swayed his decision significantly. It's a wonder Debbie even liked him - she seemed like she could do much better, if you know what I mean. I sat in the back and fumed over the injustice of Leon having a girl like Debbie while I was alone, Debbie barked directions to him while he drove.

We arrived at Anna's apartment building, but nobody waited on the sidewalk for us. Debbie climbed out of the car, then looked back at her boyfriend and said, "Hey! Be a gentleman and come carry her bags, Leon." He sat there and made a sarcastic comment about how it was just a weekend and she better not have packed too much. Deb just harrumphed and walked away, so I climbed out of the back and ran after her. A guy can't just sit there when a girl makes a "Gentleman" comment, even if she wasn't making it to him! I had to uphold my own honor, and besides I wanted to see this girl before we sat in the back seat together for 4 hours. Call me crazy.

Anna's apartment door stood wide open, and Debbie lead me inside. I stood nervously near the door while Debbie walked into the other rooms looking for Anna. I was in her living room, the kitchen seperated only by a short bar, which was the only table in the room. I had to wonder about a single girl living in Los Angeles that would leave her front door open when she wasn't even in the room.

And then Debbie and Anna walked into the room. Debbie introduced me, "Anna this is Blab, he's riding with us too and he was gentlemanly enough to come up and carry your bag." She most definitely did not have body odor, as a matter of fact she smelled like vanilla cookies.

She gave me an enormous smile, completely friendly as she reached her hand out to take mine. She said, "Thank you Blab, that's so sweet! But I've only got this little duffel with me..." Her voice was at once vivacious and sexy, like a little girl with just a twist of bedroom flirtation. I took her small soft hand in mine as I gazed at her face. She was beautiful, lips and cheekbones like hers could have made her a model easily, but beyond the classic beauty of her features was her wonderful smile. Her face looked as if it had never been sad, never been angry, like her mouth couldn't frown if it wanted too.

I realized suddenly that I was just holding her hand, not even shaking it. I didn't know how long I had been just sitting there. I self consciously shook her hand once and dropped it, smiling sheepishly as I said, "Nice to meet you." She laughed at me, as if I was a little boy.

----------------------------------------------

I followed the girls back down to the car, dutifully carrying Anna's one little bag. Debbie climbed back into the front seat while Anna and I piled into the back. There was still plenty of room, even with another rider in the back. But that didn't seem so important anymore - in fact, at that moment, I would have given anything to be riding in the back of a Volkswagen all the way to Vegas with Anna crowded in next to me.

Once we hit the highway Leon stepped on the gas. Wow could that car move - we were all pressed back into the seats as Leon accelerated. I guess ex-police cars were good for something.

We weren't on the road longer than twenty minutes before Debbie turned to me and said, "Hey didn't you bring some weed with you?"

Laughing, I said, "Sure did, want to have a smoke?"

Leon, Debbie and Anna all answered at once, "Yeah!" I dug some papers and a baggie of bud out of my knapsack and started rolling a joint, which is difficult to do in a moving car. I was struggling trying to fold the paper around the weed while simultaneously clutching the open baggie and balancing my knapsack on my lap.

Watching me, Anna said, "You should have brought a pipe." She reached out confidently and took the little folded paper from me, carefully balancing the pile of green in the center. Her fingers deftly caught the edges of the paper, one index finger squeezing the pot down into the fold as she brought one edge up and started rolling. She looked at me coyly as she held the half-rolled joint up to her mouth and licked it, laving her tongue back and forth before tightly wrapping the last of the paper together and giving it a final twist. "There, that should do it." She tucked the thick end of the spliff between her lips and held out her hand to me for the lighter.

I laughed and said, "Well I guess you've done that before." I handed her the lighter and watched as she lit the joint and sucked down a good hit. Her cheeks crinkled up as she held her breath and passed the joint to me. I took my hit and passed it to Debbie in the front seat. After a few minutes I felt much more relaxed.

Anna called out, to nobody in particular, "Oh god I love getting stoned!" We all giggled, agreeing completely.

Debbie said, "I'm so glad you brought this stuff Blab. This is going to make our drive much more fun." She leaned over the seat towards us and in a confidential tone said, "I think pot makes everything more fun: talking, watching TV, long drives... Everything."

"Especially sex!" Anna volunteered. Debbie and Leon both chimed in that they agreed.

Smiling to myself I pretended innocence. "Really, it makes sex that much better?"

Anna answered, "Oh definitely. You can really just let your mind flow with your body when you're high, and have the most amazing orgasms."

"Really?"

Debbie and Anna both spoke at once, "Really!"

"Well I'll have to try that someday."

Anna said, "You should," and then she winked at me. I grinned at her and asked if that was an invitation. Leaning towards me, Anna put her hand on my jeans-covered leg and said, "If that's the way you want to take it." Then, as if nothing had happened, she turned back to the front and laughed at some comment Debbie made. But her hand lingered on my leg just long enough for me to feel the heat of her palm through my jeans.

I took a long look at Anna while she chatted with her friend. She spoke animatedly, punctuating her comments with her hands and body language. She wore baggy blue jeans and a form fitting gray tank top. Her body was nice and curvy. One bra strap had strayed out from under the tank top, black and feminine against her pale shoulder. Her breasts bulged under the tank top, heavy and round, and I could see the points of her nipples barely projecting under the smooth fabric of her top.

I heard, "...think he likes you," from Debbie and looked up as the two girls giggled and looked at me. Had Anna seen me staring at her? I blushed as Debbie handed the spliff back to me. I tried to look casual as I took another toke, but that impression was shattered when I sucked down too much smoke and broke into a huge coughing fit, which cracked the girls up even more. 

When I could breathe again I said, "Glad I could amuse you." The girls' expressions softened as they sighed, "aaahhhh," for my benefit.

Before I knew it we were in Victorville. We all had the munchies so we decided to stop for a late breakfast. There's nothing like four stoned travelers giggling and laughing in a Denny's to inspire disrespect from a waiter, but we managed to give them our order without mishap. With Debbie and Leon all over each other on one side, I got to sit next to Anna on our side of the booth. It seemed like Anna intentionally sat close enough to me that our legs were in contact. When our meals came, without a word she reached her fork over to take a bite of my omelet. I almost felt like a couple already. Usually a girl that beautiful leaves me tongue-tied, but the weed loosened me up and I bantered and flirted with Anna all through the meal. Before long it was time to get back on the road.

We split the check and then we all made a restroom stop before getting back in the car. I reached the car first and was sitting on the trunk when Anna came out. I laughed and said, "Wow, you're beautiful and quick in the restroom, too!" She smiled at me and her eyes lit up.

"You're a charmer, aren't you?" She stepped up close to me and put her hands on my knees, and then she leaned over and kissed me. Her lips were so soft, and her breath smelled like the French Toast she had just eaten. Her lips lingered against mine, barely moving but soft and yielding. Then she straightened up and said, "I like you." Just in time, Leon and Debbie strode around the corner to interrupt us.


----------------------------------------------

Debbie knew something was up between Anna and I. She grinned slyly at us as she walked up, and when she caught my eye she winked.

And if either of them had any doubt in their mind it was dispelled when Anna scooted right up close to me on the back seat and laid her head against my shoulder. As Leon pulled back onto the highway Anna tilted her face up to me with another kiss. Before long I was completely lost in her kisses, drunk on her warm breath and soft lips.

Leon and Debbie had the consideration to turn up the radio and ignore us. At first I merely held her, my arms around her back as we kissed, but soon her curves tempted my hands too much and I caressed her waist, her shoulder, and her neck with my hands.

Anna brushed her lips along my chin and up to my ear. She whispered, "Don't let her know we know, but Debbie is watching us..."

I was surprised but caught myself before giving us away. Glancing out the corner of my eye I could see Debbie was in fact watching our reflection in her visor mirror very intently. And then Anna's face was in front of me again, her lips against mine and her tongue flicking between my lips. I forgot all about Debbie for some time.

We were inhibited nonetheless by our audience. I make no complaints - kissing Anna in the back seat of a car for an hour is definitely something I would enjoy doing under any circumstances. But her hands on my body, even through my shirt, along with her hungry mouth against mine were having the predictable effect on me. I didn't know if she wanted the same thing, but I hoped. It was hard to judge with someone else watching our every move.

Unfortunately we were only just barely half-way to Vegas, and I couldn't imagine how we could get any privacy before then. And then it occurred to me that we would be stopping for gas sometime soon...



--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

When we did stop for gas Anna and I let Leon and Debbie hit the restrooms first. As soon as we were alone Anna backed me up against the car and molded her fabulous curves against me. She growled into my ear and said, "Well I'm finally going to get you alone. Knock on the women's room when you're done." We kissed some more while we waited for Leon and Debbie to return, but my mind was completely on getting Anna alone. What did she intend? God I wasn't sure but I knew I wanted to find out.

In the men's room I took a look at my reflection. My lips felt deliciously swollen from so much kissing, but they only looked a little redder than normal in the mirror. I ran my fingers through my hair and splashed a little water in my face, and then I felt I was ready to go knock on that door.

From the other side of the door I heard Anna's muffled voice call out, "Who is it?"

"It's me, Blab." She opened the door and pulled me quickly inside, locking the door behind us. Our mouths were on each other immediately, and Anna's hands started pulling my shirt out of my pants. She reached her hands under my shirt and stroked my stomach and chest, her fingers clutching softly at my skin.

Swept up with the sensation of her hands on me I moaned into her kiss. "Oh Anna," I groaned, "I want you." She just rubbed up against me and sighed. It was stiflingly hot in the gas station restroom, but we didn't care. We only had a few minutes alone together before we had to return to the car. While we walked back Anna told me conspiratorially that she had a plan. I couldn't ask for any details because Leon and Debbie were both glaring when we walked around the corner together. I guess we took too long.

On the road again, Anna suggested that we light up another joint. We smoked a bit, mellowing in the air conditioned interior of the car. Then Anna made a big show of yawning and stretching, finally laying out on the back seat beside me. Debbie peered over the front seat suspiciously, but Anna's head wasn't even in my lap. I guess she was satisfied because she eventually gave up and took no more notice of us. Soon her head was drooping against the side window.

"Hey don't fall asleep on me." Anna was whispering up to me. I widened my eyes dramatically to prove that I was nowhere near sleeping. She smiled and lifted her head up onto my lap, laying on her back so she looked up into my face. She put one finger on my lips, signaling to be quiet, and then put her hand on my chest above her face. Her eyes locked with mine, watching my expression while she used my lap for her pillow. Just sitting there gazing down at her head in my lap, her eyes meeting mine, it was a matter of moments before my erection was pressing up against the back of her head.

It didn't escape Anna's notice either. She grinned mischievously at me and very slightly nodded her head. She pushed her head back at the same time, having the effect of rubbing her head against my erection. I felt myself throb under her and she pushed back more firmly, moving her head even more.

I decided that if she was going to tease me I would tease her as well. Otherwise I knew I would quickly lose control with this girl's beautiful head pressed down against my lap. I slid my hand down over the hollow of her throat to her chest. The texture of her tank-top made my fingertips tingle as I slid my hands around the bottom curves of her breasts, circling until I held one heavy breast softly in the palm of my hand. I wanted to feel her skin, and I traced the edge of her top along her shoulders and her neck. My fingertips elicited soft sighs from her beautiful lips, but she never stopped rubbing her head against my erection.

I slipped my fingers down under her shirt, sliding down to her bra, and then over it. I could feel the tight creases and wrinkles of her aureola through the thin fabric of her bra, and I swirled my fingertips around her erect nipple before taking it between my fingers and squeezing just a little. Anna arched her back, pushing her breasts up towards me while her head pressed even harder down against me. She reached her hand up and grabbed my wrist, pulling my hand out of her shirt. My first thoughts that I had gone too far were corrected when she dragged my hand down towards the crotch of her pants. Her other hand was already unbuttoning her pants, and then she guided my fingers down inside, between her legs. Her voice was syrupy with lust as she whispered, "See what you've done to me?" She jammed my fingers against her panties and they felt wet and slippery to my touch. Needing no further guidance I pressed my hand between her legs, cupping my palm over her panties-covered mound.

Anna moaned out loud as her hips bucked, then she looked up and said, "I don't mind if you watch."

I was confused for a fraction of a second before I heard Debbie's voice, husky and soft, saying, "I want to watch." I looked up and saw Debbie peering over the back of her seat, her gaze locked on my wrist disappearing inside Anna's unzipped jeans.

Feeling a little awkward I gently extricated my hand from Anna's pants and nervously said, "Don't I get a choice in the matter?"

Anna sat up and placed her hand on the bulge in my jeans. She kissed me open-mouthed as she squeezed my erect cock. Pausing for a moment she smiled and said, "No Blab, you don't get a choice." And then her mouth was on mine again, her tongue moving in time with her hand squeezing me through my jeans, driving all other thoughts out of my head.

I kissed her back with everything I had, surrendering to her mouth and still hungering for more of it. It didn't seem to matter that Debbie was staring at us, and Leon was peeking through the rear view mirror. Anna threw her jeans-clad leg over my lap, straddling me, at the perfect height to kiss me and then pull my face against her breasts. She leaned down and spoke into my ear, "Let's have some fun..."

I reached my arms around and flattened my hands against Anna's upper back, pulling her close as I nuzzled against her chest. Her breasts felt soft and full pressed against my chin through her tank-top. I kissed the bare skin of her throat, brushing my lips along her neck until I could peek over her shoulder towards the front seat.

Debbie was staring openly now, watching us. As Anna slipped her fingers into my hair and pulled my face against her I could see Debbie shifting in her seat to watch us more comfortably. I felt a little self-conscious, but not enough to want to stop.

Anna spoke into my ear, "Oh god your kisses on my neck turn me on. Don't stop." Her voice was loud enough for Leon and Debbie to hear also, and I began to realize that she liked having them watch, she was deliberately putting on a show for them. I slid my hands down the middle of her back until I was caressing her ass. Anna groaned a little and pushed her hips forward, grinding against me. Her knees were planted on the seat on either side of me, and she spread them wider so that she pushed down harder against my erection.

I groaned loudly, for Anna's benefit as well as our audience's. Anna was turning me on beyond belief, and I wanted to see how far she was willing to go with the other two watching us. I pushed my hands up under her top and slid them up her bare back. Her skin felt hot under my fingers, and I stroked up and down her back. We kissed some more while my hands explored under her shirt, and then a few moments later I began to fumble with her bra clasp.

Anna groaned, "Oh yes," as I undid her bra under her tank-top. She sat up and looked at me with a hungry expression as she artfully removed her bra from under her shirt, pulling the bra strap down and over one arm and then off from the other side without taking off her top. I slid my hands back up under her shirt, from the front this time, stroking and squeezing her breasts with my fingers as she leaned back and moaned out loud. I looked directly into her eyes as I stroked her nipples, watching the ripples of sensation wash across her expression. 

Her hands reached down between us and she squeezed my erection through my jeans. She wasn't satisfied with feeling me through the denim, and soon her fingers were working at the button and zipper until she had my jeans open and fished my cock out into the open air. I groaned as I felt her fingers on my bare shaft, and Anna echoed my groan even louder.

I judged that Anna's body was obscuring Debbie and Leon's view anyway, and Anna's fingers felt so hot as she squeezed my erect cock. I pulled her closer and pushed her top up to expose her bare breasts. I bent my mouth down and heard Anna's sharp gasp of pleasure as I closed my lips around her breast, sucking gently. Her hand tugged on my cock as I sucked and licked her nipple, inspiring me even more. I carefully closed my teeth on her hard nipple, biting down slowly, ready to release immediately if she didn't like it. But Anna responded with an, "Oh", and then a moan, and more pressure with her fingers around my cock. I held her nipple between my teeth and flicked my tongue back and forth.

Anna spoke out to Debbie without turning around, "Oh god he's biting my nipple, it feels so goooodddd..." I heard a muted sigh from the front seat in answer to that. I licked slower and harder with my tongue, dragging it over and around her nipple, feeling the sharp edge of my own teeth indenting her taut skin. When I relented with my teeth and sucked firmly on her bruised nipple she cried out, "Unhh, oh yes." Her fingers squeezed my erect cock tight and pulled, and I could almost feel my cock swell as it throbbed in her fist.

She moaned for our audience, saying, "I've got his cock in my hand, ohhh, it feels so big in my fingers. I think I want to fuck him right now!" I was out of my mind with lust listening to Anna's sweet voice speaking exactly what I wanted. She turned her head towards the front seat, asking, "Can I fuck him in your back seat if I let you watch?" Hearing Anna asking Debbie if she could fuck me right then and there seared through my blood like fire, and I don't think it would have mattered what Debbie said in answer.

Debbie groaned and said, "Oh yeah, fuck him right now, oh god..."

Anna said, "Leon you have to pay attention to the road, so you should stop at the first safe place you find if you want to watch too." With that she climbed off my lap and started struggling to pull my jeans down. I pulled her shirt off and worked at her jeans frantically, and soon we managed to strip each other completely.

Wasting no time at all Anna straddled me again, then she grabbed my cock in her fist and rubbed the head up and down her slit. I felt her juices smearing all over my cock - she was soaked and I could hear the wet sounds of her flesh rubbing against the tip of my cock. But neither of us could stand to wait any longer. Anna held my cock up and guided the tip into her tight opening, and then with a loud moan she lowered herself onto me, allowing her weight to push her pussy down the hard shaft of my cock until I was half buried inside of her. I simply gazed at her face as she concentrated on my cock penetrating her cunt, closing her eyes and biting her lip. She lifted up again until only my tip was inside her, and then pushed down, rotating her hips a little as her tight walls opened up around my cock. Finally she had my entire length inside of her and I let out a long moaning breath to feel her completely surrounding me.

"Oh shit he feels so big inside of me, I feel so full." Anna turned her head to tell Debbie, her voice husky and her eyes half-lidded. As she began to move up and down with short strokes she moaned loudly, describing to me and Debbie how my cock felt inside of her. All of her descriptions were driving me crazy, and I knew I couldn't last long. She was moving very slowly, savoring the feeling of my shaft stroking her inner folds. Somewhere in there Leon managed to stop the car, but I was hardly aware of anything except Anna anymore.

Soon she was moving faster, and I was moving with her, pushing up deep into her cunt with each stroke. She stopped talking, focusing only on me now as we whimpered and moaned in time with our fucking. Then she said, "Oh god I'm gonna cum, oh Blab you're gonna make me cum..." And then I felt her muscles contracting around my cock, squeezing and releasing in the rhythm of her orgasm. She slowed our strokes while she came, drawing out each thrust into a deliberate long slide up and down my shaft, crying out loud without words through her spasms. The longer, slower strokes intensified the sensations of her pussy clutching at my cock, and suddenly I was cumming, exploding inside of her. My fingers clenched at her sweaty back and ass, clutching at her skin just to hold on while I came, and I think I even screamed. She moaned when she felt me cumming and rocked her hips forward and back, grinding my hard cock against her inner walls, which intensified the fantastic sensations that shot from my spasming cock throughout my entire body. My orgasm seemed to go on forever, my cock throbbing inside her with each wave of pleasure that flowed through me.

Anna slowed and then stopped, leaning forward against my chest and laying her head on my shoulder, her face buried in my neck. She whimpered a little with each breath, sighing into my hair as I held her close against me. My cock was still hard inside of her, and every shift of our bodies was an almost unbearably intense jolt of sensation to me. At some point I became aware of moaning coming from the front seat, and I looked up to see only Leon's head peeking back at me. I assumed that Debbie was sucking his cock, but I didn't know for sure and honestly didn't care. The only thing that mattered to me right that moment was Anna's and my sweaty bodies pressed together, and my softening cock still clutched in her dripping pussy.



Blab, 2/6/2002