There was a faery sitting at a table in the far back of my bar, and ye gods, wasn't he *beautiful* in his own wild way? Oh, those with less sight, i.e. *everyone*, only saw one of the legion of weirdoes New York has to offer, but I saw beyond that mask to what truly lay beyond his glamour.
His hair, a mass of midnight black lay around his face and shoulders, strands of it flying artlessly up and about in a wind-thrown mane. His face was angular in shape, with perfect cheekbones, a long straight nose, and a marvelously sculpted mouth frowning pensively at the whiskey glass in his long-fingered hand. He was dressed in a black vest and odd white, skin-tight trousers that buttoned at the fly...very early 19th century. He wore with these a long gray coat, a pair of black finger-less gloves, and a pair of heeled knee-high boots that buckled on the sides up to the knee.
The clothes and hair might be found on any young malcontent looking to improve his or her dull life with a dash of mystery, but I could see his ears, rising from that tousled mane, their tips tapering to delicate points. Not very long, but longer than mortal ears. Longer than a tamer fae's as well. No, what I had here was a *wild* fae, and he was so beautiful to these eyes that I could only stare.
I wanted to see his eyes. I was overridden by this desire, to see his eyes. I wanted this almost as much as I wanted to simply tear off my clothes and dive into his lap, to take his face in my hands and claim those wonderful lips for my own. But I kept it under control-although a show like that might have improved business. My poor pub did not attract many patrons, and I feared I would have to close its doors all too soon. It would be a shame. I loved this, having my own place to watch people laugh and find a few hours' enjoyment in this vale of tears...
He'd had a whiskey: Bushmills. I quickly reached for a bottle and a glass and poured another, then walked to his table before my nerve broke. I could feel the puzzled stare of the other bartender on my back as I went, but I ignored him. My eyes were only for the fae staring into his empty glass as if it were a crystal ball.
He looked up as I stopped at his side, and my breath caught in my throat at my first look into his eyes. Thickly lashed they were, thick and long, perfect frames for eyes the same color as a burgundy wine. The corners were tilted, making him look at exotic as possible...even if he hadn't been fae, he would have drawn any woman's attention with those eyes...if he let anyone see them.
Mutely, I held out the glass to him, knowing I had to look like a dying fish, all gaped mouth and wide, staring eyes. I gave myself a mental shake and finally managed to say, "On the house."
"Thankee," he murmured, and oh, wasn't that voice like the darkest chocolate and just as sinful? "You must be a mind-reader."
Then he reached up to take the glass, and those long fingers met mine. I froze, unable to think of anything but the fact that he had *touched me*. I certainly couldn't think to let go of the glass, and he finally had to lift it out of my hand. His eyes met mine suddenly, and a sly, knowing smile slid over his beautiful face. The heat that came into those wine red eyes sent a heat of my own flushing over my body, and I turned and fairly fled back to the bar. I could feel his eyes on me every step of the way, and it was all I could do not to grab my partner's shirt and shake him while demanding the time. Instead, I politely asked him while keeping a death grip on the edge of the bar.
"About one, why?" was his not so puzzled reply.
Instead of answering, I lifted my head and bellowed, "LAST CALL!" * * * *
"Night, Robert," I said firmly, shoving my partner out the door.
"But there's still one guy left," he hissed, grabbing the doorframe. "I can't just leave you here-"
"Yes, you can," I insisted with one final shove that sent him nearly sprawling out on the sidewalk. "Good *night*, Robert."
I shut the door firmly in his hurt face and locked it.
"This is a very nice pub you run," said the faery from his table. "It has a cozy, welcome feel to it. Like inns back in the old days, where it wasn't so much the drinkin' that sent you there, but the people."
I leaned against the door, listening to him talk, and wondered how the hell I was going to get him upstairs to my room without seeming like a gigantic slut. But then those long-fingered hands were sliding their way down my bare arms to rest atop my own that lay splayed against the heavy oak of the door, and I could feel the warmth of his chest pressing heavily against my back.
"Do you have a room here, beauty? Or shall I simply *ravish* you on that wonderful bar of yours? Beautiful carving on that, by the by. Did you do it yourself?"
I nodded breathlessly as he leaned forward, resting his cheek against mine. I felt him smile and closed my eyes as I tried to get a hold on the emotions swirling like a maelstrom within me. *No one* had ever affected me like this piece of magic behind me, and though a small part of me knew that's what most of this was...magic...the rest of me simply didn't care. After so many unfulfilling romances and affairs, I was more than willing to take a bit of faery glamour to finally feel this way in a man's arms. Of course, he wasn't a man, but I wasn't splitting hairs now!
"And here," he murmured, moving one hand to trace the leaf patterns that covered the doorframe. "You're a talented one, beauty. But I have my talents as well. Shall I show you?"
Oh, *gods*!
I spun around between his arms and leaned against the door, staring wordlessly into mischief-filled eyes as I silently willed him to start already! His hands slid up to cup my face, those eyes searching me for any sign of reluctance...
...and then his mouth came down on mine, and the world seemed to shrink down to the size of two bodies pressed together.
Had I ever really been kissed? If this was anything to judge by, then no. All were mere grandmotherly pecks to this. Lips nibbling just *so*, tongue exploring so expertly every part of my mouth, fingers brushing so delicately over my cheeks and temples before dropping down behind me to stroke the length of my back...it was heaven.
His hands came back up to brush the sides of my face and he pulled away, a light smile on his face. "You never answered my question. Do you have rooms here? Or do you live elsewhere?"
"Upstairs," I sighed, feeling myself begin to collapse. Then I was just suddenly in his arms being carried in quick strides across the floor towards the stairs. He put me down just long enough so I could unlock the door to my rooms, then threw me over his shoulder and quickly searched out the bedroom...which he found with preternatural ease.
I found myself being tossed down on my unmade bed, and then he was kneeling at my feet, working on the laces of my boots. I found myself suddenly stripped of footwear and pants with supernatural speed, and then he was on the bed straddling my hips, his mouth again on mine as his fingers worked the buttons on my leather vest. I felt myself being lifted up, and then I was lying there in nothing but a pair of black cotton panties.
And he hadn't even taken off his coat yet. And as he slid back down onto the floor, taking my legs with him, I started to realize he wasn't going to, either. But then my legs were being tossed over his shoulders and his mouth was pressed to my inner thigh, and I could have cared less about what he was wearing. My palms pressed flat to the bedding as his mouth moved in tantalizing little inches up my thigh, and shuddered as he pressed one hard cheek between my legs.
My eyes were closed, keeping me from seeing his next move. I doubt I could have made a move to stop him had I known, but either way it didn't matter. I lay there reveling in the feel of him pressed against me there when I suddenly felt something cold and sharp slide between my skin and the cotton of my panties high on my leg. I opened my eyes to see a small blade suddenly slice through them, flicking quickly to the other leg to repeat it. Then it disappeared to wherever it had come from, and he flicked the remains of my underwear to the side.
"Nice trick," I gasped as he ran his tongue between my folds.
"I have better," he murmured against me, his hands running along the outside of my legs. He ran his tongue up over my stomach and between my breasts, then worked his way up to my face. As he brushed his lips against the side of my mouth, he smiled lazily and said, "You know what I am, don't you? You see right through it."
"A faery," I moaned, lifting my arms to wrap them around his neck. "A-a trickster."
"A hobgoblin," he corrected further. "The puck's wilder cousin. And you, pretty, have a very unhealthy dose of second sight."
I nodded and he sighed happily. "Oh, wonderful! I can't remember how long it's been since I haven't had to hide myself while bedding a human."
He moved my legs from off his shoulders and laid me full-length on the bed, then quickly settled himself comfortably atop me. He rubbed himself delightfully against me, and I could easily feel that he was already hard and full. But it also reminded me that he was still fully clothed, down to the coat, boots and gloves, and frankly, it was an incredible turn-on. He nuzzled his face in the sensitive skin behind my left ear, licking me there, making me squirm against him as his hand settled on my right breast, giving it an affectionate squeeze before thumb and forefinger began playing with the nipple. His other arm was wrapped behind my back, lifting me into him so that we were pressed together as tight as possible, letting me feel every lean, hard contour of his body. *Oh*, didn't it feel wonderful? I wasn't going to be able to sleep with a human male after this...*ever*. I'd remember the feel of this immortal body against mine long after my mine was no longer desirable.
Then his mouth was moving downwards again, taking little nips of my skin with his lips until it hovered over one breast, his breath teasing against the nipple. We watched it tighten from nothing but anticipation, and an impish grin spread across his face at the sight. Then his head swooped down and clamped tightly around the tip of my breast, and a tiny strangled scream pulled loose from my throat. Ye gods that warm mouth felt good there.
I pushed my fingers through his hair, holding him tight to my breast as he sucked and nipped and licked until I was moaning wordlessly at the feel and the skin was an angry red from his ardent attentions. Then he moved his mouth to the other one to give it the same treatment while one hand sneaked downwards to play between my thighs. His thumb rubbed enticingly over the small nub hidden in its fold, causing me to buck involuntarily against him from the sensations it caused.
He gave my breast one last nip and moved to my stomach, licking his way across the skin as if he meant to taste every inch of me. I rather wished he would. Every flick of his tongue sent a new wave of sensation over me, and I was writhing with the want for him to get on with it! Let the first time be quick! *I didn't care!*
He suddenly looked up at me, mouth pressed below my abdomen. "Really? You want me that bad, pretty?"
Without waiting for an answer, he sat up between my legs and stroked the first two fingers of his right hand through my folds. They were glistening with my wetness when he raised them to his lips and sucked them into his mouth. He sighed contentedly and fell back on top of me, pressing his forehead to mine.
"Have you any idea just how good you taste?" he said, his lips hovering an inch above mine. "There is no better taste than that of a human woman. You taste...*real*."
He ran a hand between us, and suddenly there wasn't cloth between us anymore. I felt hard flesh between my legs as his hands settled on my hips, lifting me. He still was fully clothed, except at the groin of course, and it was still turning me on fiercely. It was as if he couldn't wait to have me...what better aphrodisiac could a girl have?
His mouth settled on mine again as he rubbed himself in my wetness, and it started to dawn on me that there was an unfamiliar size to him. I glanced down between us and gasped at the size of him.
"Don't worry," he purred. "We'll fit together fine, pretty."
He may have been sure of that, but I wasn't. I could count the number of times I'd had sex on one hand, and there had been a pretty good length between each. I was wetter than I'd ever been before, but this was going to be an incredibly tight fit. He took my mouth again and renewed his grip on my hips, and I could feel him smile as he thoroughly kissed me. This was a fine time indeed to begin having doubts!
Then his hips thrust up as he pulled mine down, and he was just suddenly and fully in me.
What a feeling! I'd never thought of sex as a joining before, never even enjoyed it before. I'd always felt used by the few men I'd slept with, just a thing for their pleasure. But with this one, I finally saw the lure of the act. It wasn't so much a feeling of being filled, but a feeling of being *fulfilled*. It was as if I'd found a part of me that had been missing. Was this what most felt at the act? No wonder there were sex addicts out there!
True, I felt stretched to tearing, but it still felt good.
"Oh my," he suddenly said, blinking owlishly. "I do believe I've forgotten to disrobe. Not very gentlemanly of me, now is it?"
He waved one hand carelessly, and the clothes seemed to melt away, leaving his skin cool against my heated body. He pulled my legs up around his narrow hips and braced himself over me, still thrust to the hilt inside of me. I was about to go insane from those small shiftings, his every movement causing him to rub deliciously inside me. I clutched at his arms and shoved my head far back into the pillow, trying to find the leverage to shove myself further onto him.
"Damn, but you're an eager wench," he half-laughed, half-groaned. "Be still. You'll have your turn later."
Did that mean there would be a second time? I wasn't sure I'd live through this one!
He rose up to his knees, hands grasping my hips firmly and pulling my lower body up with him until I was pretty much lying on my upper back. I had a damn good view of him buried between my legs, and I nearly came right then and there. He slid his hands beneath my thighs, pulling my legs further apart, then pushed himself in even deeper. I let out a gasping scream and searched desperately for something to hold on to. I finally grabbed the pillow ends and buried my fingers deep as he slowly pulled out. I watched until there was little more than the very tip of him resting between those nether lips, and he watched me watch with a pleased smile on his lips.
He slowly, oh so slowly slipped back in, then began a rhythm of light, teasing thrusts that only served to drive me insane. I really couldn't get any leverage in this position, which was exactly what he wanted. The lousy teasing trickster had all the control. I could feel myself start to flutter a little as he thrust in all the way and ground against me in lazy circles. Then suddenly my legs were back over his shoulders and he was leaning close, nearly folding me in half as his head ducked close to my ear.
"Do you have *any* idea how long I can stay hard?" he whispered, then flicked his tongue along the rim. I gasped again and turned my head, trying to catch his mouth. He obliged me with another long, deep kiss, then pulled away and pulled himself out. My legs dropped akimbo back onto the bed, and I let myself groan with disappointment as he retreated to the corner of the bed.
He sat there with one leg pulled up to his chest and both arms wrapped around it. His cheek rested on the knee as he stared at me with hooded eyes, his gaze running from my head to my toes, taking everything in. I managed to roll onto my side and gaze back, quickly taking in his slender, hard body-the body of a tumbler or an acrobat. A body like that could twist into almost any position- and I had to let my eyes close at the images that thought created.
"W-why did you stop?" I asked pitifully.
"Shhh...let me think, pretty."
I opened my eyes when I felt the bed shift and watched as he crawled towards me on all fours, muscles shifting with oiled grace under his skin like some great jungle cat. I tried to turn onto my back, but he stopped me with a hand on my hip. So I stared at him while he slid onto his side in front of me, pressing close. I could feel him hard against me while he ran his lips over my cheekbones, along my jaw, and over my lips and let out a little sigh of contentment. I tried to burrow closer to him as the urgency for his body lessened and a desire for closeness developed. I distantly realized it was a glamour of another kind affecting me, but as I said, I didn't care. It felt wonderful.
He slid an arm under the pillow to join the one I had under there already and entwined his fingers with mine. His other hand slid along the length of my side, stroking me gently, then moved to my back. He ran his fingers along my spine, then pressed a hand to the small of my back, pulling me close. He ran his hand along the back of my thigh, then pulled it up over his hip. I could now feel him pressed in a much better place, and he quickly twisted in a way that suddenly had him pushing back into me, excruciatingly slow, inch by inch. When he was pushed in to the hilt, he moved back onto his side and grabbed the curve of my buttock, holding me tight.
I lost count of how long we stayed like that before his lips brushed close to my ear again and he murmured, "I love human women. They give me a sense of...*reality* that I don't get with female fae. You make me feel real and not like some fantasy created for a fairy tale."
"I think that I would really like to read that fairy tale," I said weakly, clutching at his upper arm.
He smiled, and I felt laughter rumble silently deep in his chest as he suddenly rolled over onto his back. I looked down at him in surprise as he cupped my breasts in his hands, rubbing his thumbs over their tips. He winked and gave a little push with his hips.
"Go on, enjoy yourself."
"I-I've never done this before-"
"Not that hard. Go up...go down...repeat as necessary. "
I giggled and braced my hands against his chest, making an experimental move up. Oh, that was nice. So I tried going back down and felt my breath catch as I felt myself filled by a motion totally under my control. Oh, this was *very* nice. I got the hang of being on top in no time and ecstatically rode away on him while his hands roamed where they would. I'd slipped down a few notches as far as arousal went because of the pause, but I was gaining lost ground again quick enough. He still stretched me to the point of near pain, but I was wet enough now that I moved very easily up and down his perfect length.
I could feel a tingling blush rush across my cheeks and forehead, across my breasts as the feelings started to get really intense. I heard little whimpering noises, and I suddenly realized it was me. My eyes screwed shut as the feelings really grew in intensity and my skin felt like it was shrinking and expanding at the same time.
"Go on," I heard him whisper as a hand pressed to the front of my groin, "let it fly."
I shoved myself down just as his thumb pressed against my clit, and the combination of the two set me free. I came in one explosive, tingling rush that tightened my entire body, leaving me feeling as if I'd been electrocuted in a most pleasurable way. I shuddered for what seemed like a small eternity, barely aware of him sitting up and letting me wrap both arms and legs around him while I rode the waves. When my mind finally came back down from the heavens, I found myself being cuddled and rocked.  
"That was nice," I sighed, laying my head on his shoulder. "Can I keep you?"
"I'm all yours for the night," he replied. "And who knows what tomorrow might bring?"
"Are you...are you still hard?"
"Why...yes I am, pretty."
"Oh."
"And as soon as you've rested a bit, I'm going to start all over again."
"Ye gods...you'll kill me."
"What a way to go, eh?"
I gave a helpless little laugh and raised my head, dragging my mouth along his cheek as I searched out his mouth. "We've all gotta go sometime."
He laughed lightly and slowly lifted my off of him and lying me down on the bed. He curled around me and pressed his face to mine, running his tongue over my lower lip. "I shall try to make your demise as wonderful as possible."
Dead by morning without a doubt-and if the undertaker dared take the smile off my face, I was gonna haunt him.
I woke up the next morning and found myself alone in bed without a sign that he'd ever been there. Well, other than a sore pussy, cramped legs, and a smile that wouldn't leave my face. I looked at the clock by my bed and groaned as I realized I'd have to open up in an hour. But first, I was going to have a bath-a long, hot bath. I slowly got up and limped to the bathroom, yawning and brushing the hair out of my eyes, then stopped dead in my tracks as I saw what awaited me.
There was already a tub full of gently steaming water-and my hob was relaxing in it. His arms were draped over the sides, plus one leg, and his head hung over the back of it. He raised his head and gave me a lazy salute as I walked in, then patted the surface of the water invitingly.
"Come on in, luv," he said, watching me with hooded eyes. "I've kept it all nice and warm for you."
I leaned against the doorpost and stared at him, feeling a hysterical urge to giggle. What kind of Pandora's Box had I opened here? Did I care? Not really. After a dozen orgasms, I was feeling rather relaxed and open-minded about everything. So what if I had a sexually hyperactive faery in my pub that I'd probably never get rid of now? I could deal with that...as long as he stayed that way with me.
"Am I going to get my pub opened today?" I asked, hugging my stomach with one arm as I looked at him all wet and delicious in the old claw-foot tub. He smiled disarmingly and beckoned me over.
"Don't worry, I won't keep you very long," he purred as I padded over. He took hold of one hand and ran his tongue over the palm, making me break out into goosebumps. "I'll just make sure you open with a smile."
God have mercy.