"Show me his face," George said, still reeling from all she'd seen. Jaejoong got up and left the bathroom, but returned a moment later with his cell phone. He pushed several buttons and paused with a look in his eyes George had not yet seen.

He held the screen out to her. "This is Jung Yunho."

"Yes," George nodded, looked away. "That was the face."

"But that is not the being who holds him," Jaejoong reiterated. "I'm absolutely certain."

George looked at Yoochun, who nodded, seeming to agree with Jaejoong. He stood up and offered her a hand. "Let us show you something."

George wasn't sure how much more of a show she could take, but she accepted the offered hand, and let them lead her back into the bedroom. To her surprise, Yoochun went to the window and threw back the curtains. He scanned the sky, then motioned her to come closer.

He pointed. "Do you know that constellation?" George leaned in close to him, turned her face to follow where he indicated.

"Sure," she said, recognizing it. "Cassiopeia."

"Yes," Yoochun smiled. "Five stars." He shared a private look with Jaejoong, who came to stand on her other side. "One for each of us."

George was confused. "There are five of you?"

"Yes," Jaejoong echoed Yoochun. "One star for each of us." He reached up from behind her and covered her eyes with his hands. George heard wind blow past her ear.

Jaejoong dropped his hands. "Now look."

George scanned the area of sky where she'd just identified the constellation, but she couldn't make out the five distinct points any longer. "Where did it go?" she asked, squinting at the night sky. Try as she might, she could only find three of the five stars.

"Until tonight, there were four," Yoochun indicated. "Now that Junsu has gone, there are only three."

Jaejoong motioned to himself, to Yoochun, then said, "And Yunho." He turned to make three similar motions out the window. "Yunho's star is the one on that end. Mine is in the center. Yoochun is next to me."

George could see the pattern now, and make out the missing lights. "Yunho is still here," she concluded, understanding at last what they were showing her.

"Yes," Jaejoong said, pulling the curtains closed again, hesitating for just a glance more up at the sky. "Like you having Junsu's appearance, someone is wearing his face."

"He was cruel," George said, sitting back down on the bed, rubbing her neck. "Indescribably cruel to Changmin."

"What did you see?" Yoochun asked softly, sitting down across from her. "Anything you remember could help us understand--"

"He thinks he killed you," she blurted. Jaejoong sat down next to her silently. They looked disturbed. "He dreams," she tried again, taking it slower, remembering. "Changmin dreams your deaths in a car accident, dreams he's at your graves. Dreams..." She took a breath, unsure how to say it. "He and Yunho..."

"Sleep together," Jaejoong supplied.

"Yes," she said. Then, "No. Not exactly." She can't help the expression she knows she's making. "They fuck. Sometimes just the two of them. Sometimes with a third party." She looked at Jaejoong, willed him to understand. Instead, Yoochun voiced it clearly.

"Changmin dreams he's fucking a surrogate for Jaejoong," Yoochun said quietly, "With Yunho."

"Yes," she nodded. They were all quiet for a moment. "Junsu spoke to Yun--to the being wearing Yunho's face." George paused, recalling the delight with which he had demonstrated his control over Changmin. "Junsu gave him a chance to let Changmin go. When he refused, Junsu screamed." She shrugged. "And I woke up."

Yoochun reached for a bottle and poured three glasses, passing one to her and Jaejoong before taking a sip of his own. "Tell us everything," Yoochun requested, "Please."

George downed the glass, and took a deep breathe. Then she told them every detail Junsu had asked her to witness for them. When she finished, Yoochun looked like thunder clouds glowering in a chair, and Jaejoong was pacing the room like a caged animal. No one said anything for a long time. George got off the bed, went to the bathroom, washed up and stared at Junsu's face in the mirror.

"You sing to stars. You use stars to keep track of one another." George ran her hands over Junsu's features. "Frog and Toad were probably your brothers."

"Yunho is not the man you saw," Jaejoong said from the doorway.

"I know," George answered, "I believe you."

"No," Jaejoong tried again. "I mean it's not only the stars and the fact that he found you that tell us that." He studied his hands. "Yunho is not cruel. And he loves Changmin." He looked up at her. "He was supposed to be protecting him when he was taken."

George turned to face Jaejoong. "Protecting him from what?"

Jaejoong blew at his fringe. "Rabid fans, death threats, corporate entertainment slavery. Typical forces of darkness." Jaejoong smiled at a memory. "Himself."

George stared at him. "Do I need to google, or are you going to tell me who you people are?"

Jaejoong actually considered the options. George rolled her eyes, and started past him. He threw out an arm, blocked the doorway and smiled. "Google," he told her. "We'll explain the rest."

George ducked under his arm, back into the bedroom. She could see Yoochun lying on the bed in the adjoining room. His eyes were closed, and she let him rest. Instead, George pulled Junsu's laptop from the desk and onto the bed with her. She turned it on, and frowned over the password login.

"Coconut," Jaejoong supplied, dropping into a chair and putting his feet on the bed. George typed it in, and the machine booted.

"I don't even want to know," she muttered, pulling up Google.

But she did know within thirty minutes. It was like falling into a story, but having the characters sitting in the room with you. Or, she reflected, sitting in one of the characters. Junsu's visage became more and more familiar as she looked at photo after photo, read fan accounts, watched performances, and discovered just how much of his life was made public. The same went for all five of them--she saw clearly now that there were five; they were superstars, idols, names bigger than any western celebrity by the numbers.

George read for several hours, then shut the computer off near dawn. She'd just finished reading all she could find on the lawsuit that separated them from one another. Compared to Changmin's tortures it seemed a small thing, but there was something malevolently familiar in the sense that it cut off two from three.

Jaejoong had long passed into unconsciousness, and was breathing steadily, so she pulled on a pair of sweats laying nearby and went in to see if Yoochun was awake.

Yoochun was lying on his side, back to the door. George could now see the very renown ink on his back, indeed a match to part of Jaejoong's. He shifted as she came closer, rolled onto his back, chest now bare--here too he had similar markings over his heart.

"And you're like me?" she whispered, convinced there was more to Yoochun's story than she knew.

"If you mean is he a reaper, then yes," Jaejoong whispered from behind her, wrapping a hand around her wrist and another around her waist. He gently pulled her back from the bed. "Let him sleep," he murmured in her ear, backing her toward the door. George let herself be pulled away.

Jaejoong closed the door between the rooms, leaving it cracked. George sat back down on the bed, grinned at him. "And this has nothing to do with getting me alone?"

He cocked his head, grinned back. "Are you really afraid to be alone with me, or is it you think Junsu would mind?"

George sat back against the headboard. "Not Junsu, I'm fairly certain. But perhaps Yoochun."

Jaejoong climbed in next to her, boots and all. "He has no reason to mind. And you didn't answer my question." He was posing, she could tell, head resting against his arm, hand in his hair.

George couldn't help but laugh. "You're really the most photographed person in the world?" She shook her head. "How can you even begin to deal with that?"

He fell back against the pillow, swiped at his hair. "I don't deal alone," he answered with honesty. "I have four others to share the light with."

"Dong Bang Shin Ki," she sounded out loud. "The Rising Gods of the East."

"George Lass," Jaejoong said. "You are very hard to seduce."

She looked at him for a long time, studied his face for things photographs and video could never capture. He was beautiful, undeniably, but more, he was pure in a way she couldn't describe. "Kim Jaejoong," she started, and stopped, something very bad stirring in her gut.

Kim J./October 30/TAIWAN, the post-it had read.

Oh. God.

She sat up and stared at him hard. "Wake Yoochun up now," she said, moving off the bed, and going toward the door for her carry-on.

"What's wrong?" Jaejoong looked very uncertain, vulnerable even.

George didn't have time to explain yet. Still, she couldn't leave Jaejoong looking like that. "Just, please. Wake him up. I think something may be very wrong." Jaejoong nodded, sliding off the bed and entering the other room. George unzipped her bag, scattered papers around until she found the envelope containing everything for this reap. Both post-its were still there.

She heard voices, Jaejoong's quiet, concerned waking and Yoochun's deeper, sleepy reply. After a moment, Yoochun came into the room, body still relaxed, but eyes sharp. Jaejoong's wide, worried eyes peered from behind him.

George stood up, and faced Yoochun.

"Who was my reap, Yoochun?" she asked him. Dark eyes focused on her, and she knew in an instant. Her gut twisted. Holy. Shit.

Yoochun shifted his head and spoke over his shoulder. "Jaejoong, give us a moment?"

"No." Jaejoong crossed his arms. "What's going on, George?"

George looked at the post-its in her hand. "Junsu showed me first. I don't even think he meant to, but when I read the names on the headstones..." She shrugged, offering the first post-it out to Jaejoong.

"Please," Yoochun asked again, hand coming out to block Jaejoong from reading it. "Jaejoong, give us just a moment."

Jaejoong looked from George to Yoochun, then his hand came down to move Yoochun's away. Yoochun let his arm fall, lowered his chin and sighed. Jaejoong took the post-it gingerly, and read it, looked up at George. She saw the moment he understood.

Fear, anger, pain--all three exploded in his eyes. He took a step backward. Yoochun turned and reached for him, but Jaejoong swung at his arm, slapping it away.

"Who chose?!" he yelled, the muscles in his neck and arms trembling. "Which one of you made the decision for me?"

"Jaejoong," Yoochun whispered, soft longing in his voice. "We can't lose you."

"But I can lose Junsu?" Jaejoong raged, fighting tears. "I can lose you when you break at Junsu's loss? At Changmin's?"

"Yunho needs you more," Yoochun answered, tears already trailing down his cheeks. "If this doesn't work, he's going to need you more than ever. He couldn't make the decision, so we made it for him."

It was like a physical blow to Jaejoong. He curled down onto his heels, crossed his arms against the onslaught. "No," he whispered. "No. HE would have let me choose."

Yoochun crouched down, tried to touch Jaejoong. He was slapped away again. George could see this was one of the worst things for Yoochun to take, the refusal of physical contact. "Please, Jae," he tried. "Please."

Jaejoong looked up at George. "Take my soul," he told her, straightening. "If Yoochun won't do it, will you?" His eyes were like the stars she'd seen in the night sky. George felt tears in her own eyes, and understood why she'd been given this assignment.

"Yes," she whispered. "I'm so sorry," she said to Yoochun. "But yes."

Yoochun raised a hand to his mouth to cover his weeping, and Jaejoong nodded, then reached for Yoochun. "You god-damn bastard," he whispered, kneeling next to Yoochun, and wrapping his arms around him tightly. "What were you thinking?"

"The world needs you here," Yoochun told him. "Yunho--" he choked and buried his face in Jaejoong's chest.

"Yunho couldn't get rid of me for all the possible futures in all the universes," Jaejoong told Yoochun. To George it sounded like a promise. "And the world won't want me if I lost any one of you." Yoochun looked up at that, and Jaejoong kissed him hard, thumbs tracing tears, fingers threading through long hair. Yoochun melted into it, and George looked away. "And you're my best friend, you fool," she heard Jaejoong whisper. "You better believe I'm coming back to you."

Writing caught her eye, and George looked down at the blank post-it she still held. Only now, it wasn't blank.

Kim J./October 31/SEOUL

"Uh, guys," she said, waving a hand in their direction before turning around. Jaejoong pulled back from Yoochun, ran a thumb over his lips, and smiled. Then he stood and came straight for George, wrapped one hand around her neck, and kissed her. It was unlike anything she'd ever experienced--wind and free-fall, silk and leather, tinges of steel and sunlight. Here too, she discovered, Junsu's physique found a well-worn path, and Jaejoong smiled into the kiss as she leaned into him.

"Thank you," Jaejoong whispered finally, letting them both breathe. George couldn't speak, so she just nodded, held out the once-blank post-it. Jaejoong read it, and sighed with resolve, held it out to Yoochun who was watching them, still with tears in his eyes. But to George it seemed that some of his sadness had lifted.

Yoochun nodded at the second post-it, found the first, discarded next to them on the floor, and stood up. He returned them both to George.

"I couldn't have done it," he told her. "They are--"

"Your family," George finished for him. She nodded, holding out her hand. "No one could."

Yoochun took it, squeezed, and pulled her into a hug. "I'll need you," he said to her softly. "I'll be alone here."

"No, you won't," a voice said from behind Yoochun. He turned, and standing there with his arms crossed, gentle smile on his face was Jung Yunho. Jaejoong was sliding his phone back into his pocket and grinning. Yunho tilted his head at her. "That's not to say we won't need you though."