You load sixteen tons, what do you get
Another day older and deeper in debt
Saint Peter don't you call me 'cause I can't go
I owe my soul to the company store
~ Tennessee Ernie Ford

Mama had been the one to name him.

She said he'd been screeching and hollering, this little red and wrinkled thing, hardly bigger than a gnat. She'd still been lying in blood sopped sheets, hurting and trying to breathe through the worst of the hurt, when she'd looked out of the window and seen it.
JENSEN.
In big bold letters, scarlet red. Real, real pretty and real modern. High up on a billboard.

Told him she'd said the word over to herself, decided that it sounded just like music.

His hob-nail boots are too large for him. Round home he sticks to bare feet, the dust deep and red between his toes, soles coated thick and dry and coarse, but when he goes wandering he's too much sense to go un-shod.

The roadways over to town aren't what you call made. It's dust beaten down and compacted hard. Scrubby little bushes, prickly and sharp, lining the sides, rattlers coming out to sun themselves during the midday.

Jensen kicks at the ground and shuffles his feet. It's heading into the afternoon now and he's yet to eat, stomach gnawing at him, and just a little whiskey thrumming through his veins.

The Seven Bells Cantina takes three good hours to walk to. If he'd been of a mind to just want a sip of liquor and a willing body he could have wandered down to Old Jeremiah's place on the outskirts of town. There's three girls there he's heard about from all the boys his age. Not nice girls, but cheap and to be had with no fuss. He knows Joey's been with the Mexican girl, Sofia, heard him tell of how heavy her breasts were cupped in his hands, how she'd wriggled beneath him, all pretty and soft and naked.

When he thinks on it, he can't name a single fella, barring himself, that hasn't availed himself on one of those girls.

But he had heard tell that the Seven Bells had a guy from Amarillo staying, one of the grand fiddle players they bred over there, with lightning quick hands and an ear no one could teach, a man that was earning his keep by fiddling in the evenings, and taking what he could in tips.

He'll catch hell for it when he gets home he's no doubt. His Daddy and his belt weren't going to be best pleased with him - not for skipping out just to hear some fiddle-player.

If he had a just gone and gotten himself good and sozzled at Old Jeremiah's, maybe spent himself on one of those three girls they kept, his Daddy wouldn't have had anything to say about it. 'Specially seeing as how that's what his Daddy had probably been doing with his own evening.

Instead he's walked himself tired, only had three gulps of whiskey, the rest of his money having been spent buying drinks for Buck, the fiddle player, and he sure as hell didn't go near any girl all night.

Buck hadn't been a nice sort especially.

He had taken the drinks Jensen bought, grinning toothily at him as he described how damn good he was at fiddling, at drinking, at fighting. Had talked right over Jensen when he'd murmured that he sang a little, just a few old songs his Mama had taught him. Had been more than happy to make use of Jensen's mouth on the back porch where no one had lit the lamps. But hadn't offered Jensen a space of floor to sleep on, let alone a chance to stretch out in his bed, and he'd had to make do with curling up in the dry hay in the stable across the street.

But Buck's playing had been something else. Fast and rhythmic and weaving melodies with its ownself.

It was worth the licks he'd have coming, when his Daddy put him over his knee.

The memory of those high scaling notes, the quick rush down into the deeper, darker chords that tremble across his skin, has his cock twitching and filling far more than the thought of Buck's sweat and salt sitting heavy on his tongue.

Buck had fucked into his mouth with no rhythm, no timing to his thrusts, just one hand fisted hard into Jensen's hair, the other slipping around his throat, whilst his hips tried to cram as much of him as he could right down into Jensen's gullet.

Jensen's pretty sure he's seen bulls mount cows with more care and tempo.

And yet the way Buck's tunes had sped and dallied, the melodies quickening and rushing towards climax before dropping back into lazy sways and dips have him tempted to find a patch of shade and play out the music on his own flesh.

But there's the hint of darkening to the West, the sky turning a red that has nothing to do with sunset, but the bloody, murky shade of dust kicked up by a storm and whirling in fast, and he's not dumb enough to risk being out in the rising winds without shelter just because his crotch feels a little tight.

His feet pick up the pace a little, but he's still a good forty minutes from the homestead. His Mama will be worried he knows, picking at threads on her apron, leaning out the door trying to spot him, fingers twitching in that irrepressible way they have whenever she's something on her mind.

His Daddy might beat the tar out of him when he gets back, but Jensen's sure he won't be worried in the meantime. No, Daddy will have his jug to keep him company, and that's all he needs. If he thinks of Jensen at all it'll be to call him a bastard and spit on his Mama for giving birth to him in the first place.

Jensen sometimes wonders why he ever came after his Mama. Chased her down to Dallas where he'd still been screaming between her knees, undersized but loud enough to wake the whole block, and brought them all back to this little speck of a town in the Northern waste of Texas.

Spite is what Mama called it, those few times, after midnight had come and fled and she'd been sleepless and miserable staring at the moon. Spite is what made him bring them back and keep them. Spite tying them all up in barb-wire and arid jealousy.

At seventeen Jensen's ready to move beyond the handful of miles he can traverse in a day. Ready not to see his Daddy's face first thing every morning or feel his boot. Ready for the bruises down his side to heal up once and for all.

And as much as he loves his Mama, he's ready to say goodbye, kiss her on the cheek, and leave her as well.

His stomach growls, and he wishes he'd put aside a few dimes to buy some breakfast, just a little cornbread would have done it. The heat is scolding in his lungs, the air bone-dry and thickening with dust. He mops at the sweat on his brow, snatches off his cap and fans himself for a moment.

His skin feels tight across his face, prickling after too long under the sun. He knows it'll be turning pink already, and red soon if he doesn't make it too some shade before long. Daddy always spits at him when he's all burnt up and his freckles stand out. Says he's nothing but a girl, too pretty, and too damned dainty.

And Jensen's been told enough times that girls are only good for one thing.

There's a crack in the air, and he feels the thunder roll through him, the sky darkening and painted red.

The dust storms are getting more frequent. The winds swirling and flattening the crops, dust high and choking in the air, grit burying the houses and roads, sticking to loose animals, coating anyone stupid enough to be out in the weather.

A few years back and Jensen can remember there only being a truly bad storm once a year, and if this one turns out as bad as he suspects it will, it'll be the third this summer.

The sun is still blazing above him, but the view to the west is nothing but a thickening wall of bloodied dirt rushing to meet him.

Jensen tucks his head in. There's nowhere between here and home for him to hole up in. The cantina is a good couple hours walk behind him, no neighbors on this stretch of land, just more thorny bushes, cacti, and waterless gulches.

He tugs the collar of his shirt up over his mouth as the edge of the storm reaches him, breathing quick and shallow through the material, eyes squinted and close as possible.

He thinks on Buck and the music he'd played as he stumbles forward, feet tripping over themselves, and body buffeted by the wind. He wants to know how those quick sharp notes that had danced up and down the scales had managed to sound so smooth. Wants to know if other instruments could make that long drawn out moan of a sound, or if it was just the fiddle, just Buck's fiddle that could do that. Wants to know if it was old handed-down tunes that Buck was playing, or if he could honestly make up melodies like that on the spot.

His foot catches in a rabbit hole, ankle twisting sharply to the side, and he stumbles to his knees.

Buck had said he looked sweet on his knees.

There had been sweet grass springing up fresh and clean the first time he'd tumbled to the ground with another boy. It had been in that short space of time after the worst of the winter chill and bite and before the ferocity of the summer sun, when the buds had been bursting forth and the air smelt bright and new. The preacher had just finished the meeting and everyone had been filled to the brim with spirit.

Just a tug on his hand and he'd been following a boy whose name he could hardly remember deep into the grass, and falling to the earth, inhaling the sweet smelling loam, and rutting sharp and quick, birdsong in their ears.

It had just been friction then, the rubbing of bodies, through clothes as often as not.

It hadn't been until he hit fifteen and started sneaking sips of liquor or hanging around the edges of the nearest saloon that he'd started to put his mouth to use and sinking to his knees.

He tugs his foot free of the rabbit hole, and tests his ankle; it twinges but holds his weight, and he tries to fold his body in tighter as he moves on.

A brief span of minutes and the dust is bad enough that he cannot see. Even if he were to open his eyes and try to look ahead there would be nothing but the blank force of red dust. As it is, his eyes are shut tight, one arm slung across them for added protection, head bowed low.

It's near impossible to breathe.

He stumbles again, but just manages to keep his balance, the road lost to him.

He can't be far from home. From the little wooden cabin with broken windows, and hard-packed floor.

Mama says your home becomes a part of you, that you can feel it wherever you are.

Daddy says a real Man knows his land, every inch and scrubby weed of it.

Jensen is lost.

The wind gives a shrill cry, high and terrified like a girl caught and threatened. The dust is thickening over the shirt-collar Jensen has pressed to his mouth, less and less air getting through. He can feel it seeping beneath his clothes, coating his chest, sticking sharp and gritty in his arm pits, slicking to mud with his sweat.

He's stumbling with every step now, bent near double into the wind, struggling to move forward little by little.

His eyes are watering, fat tears forcing their way out from his closed lids to make muddy tracks down his face. He trips over his own feet, falling to land heavily on his knees again, the impact hard enough to force a gasp out of him.

The wind is buffeting him from every direction, whirling in tight eddies around his body, making him sway this way and that.

Something hits him from the side, and he tumbles over, twisted and all bent out of shape, rolling down until he hits the base of what he can only presume is a dried up old ditch, then a weight settles over top of him, pressing him down hard into the ground.

"Stupid fucking boy."

He tries to crawl forward, tries to squirm out from underneath the body pining him.

"Stupid fucking little shite."

The wind sends a little cascade of rocks and dirt down on them, and Jensen lies still. "I… Sorry. Sorry, Daddy."

The weight of his father, a heavy man, still thick with muscles for all of his drinking, shifts a little, pressing Jensen down harder, one hand curling about the back of his neck. "Such a stupid little boy. Should let you die out here."

"Sorry," he whispers.

He pants into the red dirt, tries to draw in enough air, his daddy's body constricting his chest, crushing him down into the ground, the air more earth than oxygen. He chokes and coughs, spitting out dark saliva.

His daddy shifts and he lets out a small squawk as the heft of him resettles, hips and thighs digging in tight to his body.

Too hot.

Too close.

The wind drops for a second, the sudden silence too loud.

Then the gusts storm through again, flattening crops and sending skittering lumps of earth and gravel showering down on their heads.

Jensen twitches involuntarily at a loud bang, his neck craning up to try and make out the source.

"Lie still, you stupid little bitch." His daddy digs a clawing hand hard into his side to punctuate his order. "Should have been born a goddamn girl. Useless little nancy-boy."

Jensen doesn't answer, just presses his face flush with the ground and lets the storm rage above him.

He hopes his Mama is safe inside their house, tucked up beneath the blankets on the one actual bed they own, far from the fragile window panes, hunkered low and tight.

Mama has never liked storms, always trembled and whimpered her way through thunder and lightning at night, sounding like a scared pup until Daddy would give her the back of his hand and she'd fall quiet.

Jensen's never minded the storms over much until now.

Now he'd be much happier never to hear the shriek and howl of the wind again.

He can hear his Daddy cursing and growling in his ear, calling him names, wishing he'd never been born, wishing he'd never fucking bothered going to Dallas to fetch Jensen and his Mama back home again.

Jensen can't help but agree with this last sentiment.

The wind last hours, and whilst he doesn't even nearly sleep, he does fall into an almost doze – something about the steady whirl of the wind, and the steady breath of his father against his ear lulling him until he cannot imagine this ever ending. It isn't that he thinks he is going to die, isn't that he thinks they'll get crushed by a flying piece of debris, or will choke to death, lungs filled with dust-

But –

But the wind is eternal.

The wind is eternal and something so great and harsh cannot simply die away.

His father shifts and curses and shifts again. Hard muscle and solid fat digging into him and pressing him deeper into the earth.

He thinks he should be able to smell his daddy's sweat, and the scent of wind-tossed corn, but the dirt is too thick and he has to pant low through his mouth, his nose clogged and dry.

Mama likes to sing when she's scared. Little nonsense tunes and ballads she only knows half the words to. She's a sweet voice, pitched low and soft, a little bit throaty.

Jensen sings only when he knows he's alone.

The wind wails and Jensen thinks about Old Man Joseph who sings songs without words, who sings songs that are nothing but a moan.

It is dark by the time the wind begins to drop and the dust starts to settle. His skin is thick and dry with the dirt, struck a rusty red and gritty and raw. He tries to shift from beneath his father but a fist whales down on his ear, setting bells and echoes off in his head, making his vision swim.

It takes a moment for him to hear what his Daddy is calling him, the rough names and familiar insults. It's nothing he hasn't heard before, nothing his Daddy hasn't spat at him.

Bastard is the most common word, and he wonders idly if he is one.

Mama had run off to Dallas, a newlywed and well gone with child.

Daddy had come and fetched them back.

Another blow lands by his ear and for a moment he's dazed enough that the land seems to tilt beneath him, then his Daddy is dragging him up by his collar and spitting in his face as he slaps him hard, pain blooming bright and sharp across his cheek.

He's still all foggy when they start the march home- Jensen stumbling behind his father, eyes still sore and red from the dirt, shirt tugged askew by his Daddy's grip.

A coyote is calling in the distance, far enough away not to be any threat.

The crop is ruined, the farm is mortgaged to the hilt, and Jensen wonders how long it will be until the bank comes and tells 'em all to get gone.

They pass the body of a dead dog, all twisted and misshapen, guts already clawed out by buzzards.

Jensen stumbles again.

Its three days before he's walking back up the same road, still stumbling in his too-large boots, feet blistering and rubbing raw along his little toes and his heels. There is no wind today and the air lies still and heavy and hot.

His bruises are fading to green.

Above him birds whirl in great concentric circles, black smudges against the sharp blue of the sky. Pulling his eyes back down to the track he has to blink to focus; it's all dots and blurs and the ghosts of Chickenhawks and Mississippi Kites swaying ahead.

He leans against the dead tree that marks the crossroads. The shade it provides is thin, just the width of the trunk drawing a line of shadow in the dirt. The bark is rough, curling away in jagged chunks, exposing the smooth pale wood beneath. Jensen presses his cheek against the tree, presses his bruises hard against the coarseness, presses until his skin is pebbled with the weft of the bark and his eyes are wet.

Faintly, in the distance he can hear a train's whistle.

He swallows, mouth dry, and pushes away from the tree. The water tower by the side of the railway track isn't too much further and he walks on steadily, not glancing back at the way he's come.

As he sees the train come into view, thick white steam surging upwards, he finds himself humming a nameless little tune.