Business Bed, Breakfast & Benefits - Chapter Two - A Year Later

(Reading all prior chapters is essential to understanding the characters and the history of this group)

Emily was thoroughly enjoying her life. She had a live-in lover, a business which benefitted both her financial and sex life, and new sense of adventure. Her friends and children noticed that she seemed to glow with happiness when they talked to her but blamed it all on Frank, her bedmate. They might not have believed what all she had experienced in the last year. She wasn't ready to tell them either.

On a Wednesday, Emily was expecting Brad on his biweekly visit. He was her favorite lover, after Frank, that is. When the doorbell chimed she opened the door to Brad accompanied by a woman. Seeing her surprise, Brad said, "Emily, this is my wife Cara. She came with me this trip especially to meet you...may we come in?" A bit flustered, Emily invited them in and led the way to the family room. "May I get us a drink? I might need one!" Brad explained that he had long been trying to get his wife to be more sexually adventurous. Like Emily, she had a limited amount of experience before marriage while he had many intimate relationships. After his resounding success with Emily's transformation, Brad had renewed his efforts with Cara, citing Emily's growth and development. He didn't mention his own role at first. Finally realizing that her marriage was not threatened by all this new stuff that her husband wanted her to try, his wife began opening her mind. They began role playing, fantasizing, and talking about her being more than the typical rather boring housewife. When he finally revealed all of what he had been doing at the bed and breakfast, Cara became a sexual dynamo. She fucked his brains out for the next few days as she told him quite explicitly that she wanted to become like Emily.  He was thrilled but exhausted. She arranged for some vacation days that week to go "bed and breakfasting" with him to meet this older woman that her husband had become such an intimate friend with.

They drank and chatted for a while until Frank returned then went to a nearby restaurant for dinner. Frank was charmed by Cara. She was a trim, nicely shaped, lively blond, about 30 years old with a pixie-like face. She and Frank warmed up to each other in spite of the age difference as they had some common interests to talk about. Frank had been exercising so he looked pretty good for his age. He needed and wanted to keep up with Emily.

After dinner Cara led them to the master bedroom and announced, "I feel like I am on a high cliff about to jump off into unknown waters. It helps a lot that Brad trusts you. I'm going to get naked and just see what happens." She began removing her clothes and the others quickly followed. Cara hugged the nude Emily, pressing their tits together and gave her a soft kiss. "Frank and I are the only ones who haven't fucked so I want that for starters." She took Frank's already hard cock in her hand and led him to Emily's king sized bed.  Laying back with widespread legs, she pulled him on top of her. "Honey, watch me take the second cock I've ever had." She was dripping wet and Frank penetrated all the way very easily. There were lots of female moans, squeals, and groans as he pounded her to two orgasms. When she felt the first extramarital semen sprayed deep in her pussy she was smiling at Brad and holding his hand as he lay next to her.  As Frank pulled out, Cara rolled on top of Brad and impaled his erection with her sopping cunt. She was shaking with emotion as she rode him, asking if she was sexy enough for him now? Emily and Frank watched in awe. Frank was able to get hard enough to enter Emily from behind as they watched the spouses reclaiming each other. They all came together and napped tightly snuggled.

It was agreed that they would trade partners until the next evening. Limited sleep was had during the night but Brad had to go to work the next day. The two women kept Frank drained although he had some help from Emily's need to service a couple of special guests. Feeling very randy, Cara asked Emily if she could substitute for one of the guests. Emily replied, "I want you to watch me with the first guest (he won't mind an audience as long as you are naked) and then you will know the routine." Thus Cara got to enjoy her third cock which, even though wrapped in a condom, was different and fun. She could hardly wait to see the effect her story would have on Brad. She actually couldn't wait and fucked Frank again soon after.
 
When Brad returned he found two well fucked women and a worn out Frank who exclaimed, "Reinforcements have arrived!" During the home cooked dinner he got a play-by-play from the day. When he heard about Cara's venture into "hostessing", he said with a grin, "What kind of monster have I created here?" When Cara replied, "Don't you think OUR house would be great for guests? I wonder how many I could do in a day?", he playfully swatted her naked ass. "All this talk has poor old working me feeling pretty horny.  What's a guy to do?" Frank said. "Go have your fun. I'm worn out for now." 

Laying between the two women, with a hand on each wet and well fucked cunt, Brad enjoyed both tongues on his cock. As he watched their tongues were often in contact so he finally said, "I'd like you to swap spit." As they kissed he continued, "Have either of you ever touched another woman?" When they shook their heads, he went on, "You both know how each guy feels different, now find out about your own gender. Just explore." Since they knew what turned themselves on, he was not at all surprised to see their increasing arousal as they touched. Finally he said, "I can't hold out any longer...I need to fuck my wayward wife to see how she is after fucking all day. I want Emily to sit on her face so I can suck on her tits while I probe Cara's  cunt. If I have the strength I'd like to reverse that later tonight." Cara learned that cum from a pussy also tastes good even with the extra bouquet. Brad informed Cara that he thought that her pussy had improved with practice. After dessert Brad got the combination he asked for. 

That night they bedded with with opposite partners but switched back in the middle of the night. As Brad and Cara were checking out, Cara said, "I am going to have to take vacation days more often. But what is a newly liberated wife supposed to do when her husband is away in the big city without her?" Brad looked thoughtful and replied, "I guess we find a safe partner. It occurs to me that you have always been attracted to my younger brother. He is unattached and would do you in a minute!" Nothing more was said but Emily was curious if that would work out.

During Brad's next visit, after a welcoming fuck, Emily asked about Cara. The plan was that she would try to seduce his brother while Brad was away. He wasn't to know that Brad approved. That way he would only expect to get in her panties when Brad was out of town. Cara called late that night and said that her fourth cock, and third bare one, was quite enjoyable. He did need some training, which she would be glad to provide. Brad's erection made sleep difficult so he went to Emily's bed and slid behind her on the opposite side from the snoring Frank. As he whispered about the phone call, he gently fucked her welcoming cunt until he released his tension and fell asleep. Awakening in the morning, Frank saw them copulating again and said, "Damn, don't you ever get enough of her?"  Brad replied without stopping his strokes, "Do you?"

A month later Cara accompanied Brad again. A few drinks and a swapped fuck later, Emily and Frank were eager to learn about Cara's new cock. She said, "He is quite a few years younger than Brad so that's kind of flattering and exciting. It was very easy to get him between my legs. His cock size runs in the family and he gets it hard quickly and often but his technique needs work. That is my mission!" She grinned as he continued, "It's great fun when Brad comes home all horny for my well used pussy in spite of all you do here. I think a man can like his woman being sexy and wicked. Brad sure does."

The next day when both men were out of the house, Emily mixed them a drink and began probing, at Brad's suggestion, what kind of fantasies Cara had. In reply, Cara asked what kind of "interesting" things had Emily done. With this opening, Emily gently led into the watersports that she had tried and enjoyed. Surprised at first, Cara asked lots of questions then, finally, asked Emily if she had done that with Brad? "Yes." Cara asked, "Could you and I try it out to see if I like it?" Emily replied, "It's more erotic and fun with men but ok." They both drank lots of tea and water to fill up the plumbing, stripped, and went to the bathroom. Emily remembered to turn on the video recorder so Frank could enjoy it later.  Emily told Cara, "I don't want pee on my face but anywhere else is fun," and lay down in the tub. It took Cara a while to relax enough to pee while standing up but she was finally able to let loose. Aiming was another skill to learn but she managed to splash Emily's tits and pussy with her hot liquid.  Emily shuddered with excitement and rubbed her clit all wet with piss. Then it was Cara's turn to be the target. Emily was much more skilled and thoroughly sprayed Cara on her most sensitive parts. Cara also jilled her wet pussy. After they were emptied, Cara said, "That was more fun than I thought. I can see how having a man involved might be better. It's easier for them to aim!" Emily explained, "I have done this outdoors and we have even fucked all wet with piss. It seems nasty but maybe that is what makes it so exciting." Cara said, "I'll try this with Brad tonight in our room. If that goes well maybe we can do a group session next time I visit." Later that night Emily showed Frank the tape as they fucked and said, "Are you ready for a real piss party?" Frank blew his wad as he thought about swapping pee with Cara. His erotic imagination was churning as he fantasized about the possibilities. "Perhaps I can get each of the others to spray our genitals while I am fucking one of the women," he thought.

Emily and Frank were unusually wound up until Brad's next visit. Servicing clients only made Emily hornier. They tried pee play frequently and talked about what might happen.  Finally Brad arrived...alone. Seeing the disappointment on their faces, Brad told them, "Cara couldn't get away now so we decided to invite you to our house this weekend. She is ready to try an all-out pee party and we have some great places big enough for four. In the meantime, let's fuck!"

The next Friday night the bed and breakfast was left in the charge of a friend and they drove two hours to Brad and Cara's house in the country. They noticed that it was secluded and, yes, they could be naked all the time if they wished. The weather was perfect, so everyone could lounge and play out by their pool. When it got to the much anticipated pissing fun they did that by the pool too. Frank got his wish...as Cara sat on his cock reverse cowgirl style, they felt the hot streams from Emily and then Brad on their parts as they fucked. Everyone got a chance to do whatever they could imagine that weekend. As Emily and Frank drove back to the city they remarked how blessed their lives were. Brad and Cara were having a similar conversation except they were joined at the crotch.

The four of them played regularly at the B&B or the country house. Imaginations never seemed to run out of ideas for new things to try, but often they just hung out and enjoyed pretty basic loving pleasure. One evening the two couples had just finished dinner and were enjoying dessert in the nude as they often did. Cara spoke up, "Brad and I have something important to tell you. We have been married ten years and it's time to have our children. We don't know how that will impact our special friendship so we want to discuss it with you two." Frank asked, "Do you still want to play?" "Of course," said Brad, "but Cara will go off birth control." Frank chuckled, "I was snipped twenty years ago so I guess I can just pretend I'm trying to knock her up!" They all laughed and relaxed. Emily asked, "What about Brad's brother?" Cara replied, "He only gets a chance to bang me a few days a month anyway so I'll just make sure it's on the safe ones. However, even the slightest chance that he might impregnate me will probably set me off more easily when I feel him cumming. When I am pregnant he will surely wonder if it is his. We still haven't told him that Brad knows because that adds a little more excitement for us."

Cara's pregnancy was a happy event that we celebrated in our usual intimate ways. She was the object of special attention whenever we got together. She had stopped working so that made our shared time even easier. Being home more also made it easy for Brad's brother to fuck her frequently in the daytime when Brad couldn't be there to satisfy her revved up need for sex. The young man was in high gear thinking maybe it was his baby in his sister-in-law's belly. Brad kept worrying about not telling his brother the truth but Cara vetoed that saying that it was fun pretending to be a cheating pregnant wife. When we were together, Cara  remarked, "I sure am glad to have three cocks to scratch my itch. How do other women get by with only one? Speaking of cocks, are there any hard ones around here that would like some pregnant pussy?" Emily remembered her two pregnancies and being so bothered by increased desires during parts of them. She just had to find other ways to satisfy herself when her husband couldn't. She envied Cara's opportunities. She told Cara, "I would like to meet Bill, and that's both spellings of 'meet', so I could show him what a 'really older' woman is capable of. Since you are taking him bare, I would to. It sounds like his hard young cock really gushes cum." Cara replied, "Oh yes, I'm still dripping when Brad gets home. He likes that I am 'primed', as he puts it, so he can get into me quickly. He thinks about me all day and usually wants to get his first rocks off quickly. After dinner we do a more leisurely job of trimming our horns. Even if his brother has fucked me the usual two or three times that day, I am always ready for Brad's loving. Just like here, it is exciting and enjoyable to have 'strange' cock but it's not the same as with the one you love." They all nodded in agreement and, aroused by the discussion, reached for some 'strange'.

Cara delivered a beautiful baby boy right on schedule. Her brother-in-law took her to the birthing center when her water broke. Brad thanked him for being able to help out on short notice, getting a wink and big grin from Cara as she nursed the newborn. Bill had actually been deep in her vagina as they lay on their sides spooning, the most comfortable position at nine months, when the fluid gushed out around his cock. They had just started fucking when this happened so the delivery staff didn't have to deal with fresh semen in the birth canal. Brad kind of regretted not having that unique experience with Cara and hoped there would be another chance.

The married couple didn't have family nearby so Emily left Frank to mind the B&B and drove to their place when Cara came home with the baby. She played Mom to Cara, Grandma to little Dickie (as we would call him), and surrogate wife to Brad (although they were anything but mercy fucks). Emily finally met Bill, the oft discussed younger brother of Brad, when he made his daily visit. A good looking 22 year old, he was taller and slimmer than Brad. Emily gave him an enthusiatic hug and gushed, "So glad to finally meet the young man I've heard SO much about." He wasn't quite sure how to take that but replied, "And you seem to be a legend around here". He visited frequently and was very attentive to mother and baby which Emily and Brad noticed and smiled about.

At dinner, Brad spoke to Emily, "We have decided that it is time to have 'the talk' with Bill. Having you here will make it easier." Cara added, "I will never forget how my mind was whirling and my emotions were in an uproar when Brad gave me my 'talk'. I hope we don't scare him off...he really isn't very sophisticated." Emily smiled and said, "I hope not too! I really want to show him that even much older women can be a lot of fun. It is VERY important that I check on the training you have given him..." Bill was invited for dinner the next evening.

Brad kept the wine glasses full so they all got a buzz going during dinner out by the pool. Cara opened the topic by looking directly at Bill and saying loud enough for everyone to hear, "I want to thank you for all the good sex you have given me this past year." Bill almost dropped his wine glass and sat perfectly still, eyes and mouth wide open. Brad quickly added, "It's OK! Everyone here knew about it from the beginning. It was my idea that Cara seduce you for sex when I was away. We even know exactly why you were on the spot to take Cara to the birthing center. You know that I stayed at Emily's B&B but you don't know that I fucked her each time I was there. Emily and Frank have become intimate friends to us. You are a good brother and Cara and I love you very much. There is more to tell but that is enough for now." Bill began to breath again and was clearly dazed. Emily sort of changed the subject by getting up and taking her clothes off. She looked at Bill and said, "I'm going swimming and we usually don't wear clothes in nice weather like this. Care to join me?" The expression on her face clearly showed that she meant the sexual implications of that statement. Bill got unparalyzed and began stripping on the spot as Emily watched closely. His gaze was intense as he saw more and more of Emily's body revealed. As soon as his cock was uncovered Emily walked over and held it in her hand as it quickly rose to its full height. She said to Cara, "Bill seems to think older women are sexy. It looks like nice cocks run in the family. You didn't tell me that this one was bigger than Brad's. Do you suppose he will let me try it out?" Cara only nodded and didn't look at her husband.

After a swim they dried off and sat down at the table, still naked. Emily was getting aroused with anticipation and said, "I guess I get to do double duty tonight? I've never had brothers before...that will be a special treat!" Cara piped up, "Wait a minute! Just because my vagina is off limits for awhile doesn't mean that the rest of me is too. I still have other erogenous parts. Dickie's nursing on my swollen tits gets me very horny." Emily then offered to take Bill to her room (she didn't think he was ready to be watched yet) while Brad took care of Cara. In an hour they would switch so Brad could get brotherly seconds in her pussy like he had with his wife. Taking a firm grip on Bill's love handle, Emily led him toward the house. "Time to get acquainted properly," she said.
