Pool Alert Or Girlpower 1989:-
It was not very often that I got invited to parties really, you see I was and still am painfully shy.  As Morissey sang with the Smiths in the 1980s, I am the son, and the heir, of a shyness that is criminally vulgar a song that sits well with my character. 
Anyway, it was deepest Summer in my home town in the year 1989.  Those that live in the U.K. might recall that 1989 was not a great Summer, but this story unfolds, quite truly, on one of those rare, hot and sunny days.  One of my greatest schoolboy crushes, came during my third year of secondary education, making me fourteen years of age when this all happened.  Her name was Carly, a gorgeous blonde hair, blue-eyed babe with astoundingly fit legs.  In my eyes, she was perfect, and to top it off she had that naturally dark olive skin complexion.  I had fancied her for the last year and a half from when she first joined my school.  So much in fact that I fell from being top student in my French class to number four, I was looking at her so much!! I think she knew I liked her, but knew she could have any boy in our school and obviously held out for the best one she could find. 
With my hormones running wild, as they do at fourteen, and having spent well over a year fantasising over her and hoping that she would speak to me in a more than friendly way, I decided to make a move.  It was the last day of the school year, and if she agreed to be my girlfriend, we would have the whole summer together, no mean length of time at fourteen either. 
Our uniforms consisted of brown trousers, cream shirt with brown and yellow tie and brown jumper for the boys, whilst the girls wore a brown skirt (sometimes short!!) with a cream shirt and same tie.  They would wear a brown jumper or cardigan too. 
Fortunately for me, she did not take a bus home from school, but instead walked home via the same route as me.  Nervously I walked up behind her just outside the gates and said: "Errrm, Carly, excuse me?"  My shyness was apparent, and as she turned round and saw me blushing and biting my lip, she knew what must have been coming and gave a small smile and blinked those blue eyes at me. 
"Yes, David?"  Carly spoke with a slight Somerset accent, her origins, and to those U.S. readers that is a very rural and loveable accent. 
"Errrmrm, I know what your answer is going to be, b-b-but would you go out with me?"  God I felt awful, my face was on fire.  Giving me hope, there was a pause, but then Carly pushed her lips together and let out that smacking noise that kids do. 
"I am sorry David, but no.  It would be best if we just stayed friends."  And with those haunting words, she turned and left me rooted to the spot like shell shocked soldier.  That was it, summer was already over.  Incidents like this made me sad for weeks.  What would happen now?  I had been rejected by one of the most gorgeous girls I had ever seen.  That alone was humiliation enough for me.  Writing this in the year 2000, it is easy for me to see that such events and indeed the following paragraphs have made me so shy and afraid of asking girls out, for it has happened to me several times. 
But we digress, and on with the show.  About three weeks into the summer holidays, now late July, I received an invitation to a party at Carly's house for her birthday in the first week of August.  The invite mentioned that if it was sunny we would spend the afternoon in and out of her parent's swimming pool and have an evening barbecue.  If it was a dull day, we would go tenpin bowling and watch videos in the evening.  A message at the bottom of the invite ordered me to notify her of my attendance A.S.A.P.  So I picked up the phone a rang her.  "Hello?" It was Carly's voice at the other end, my mind going back to her rejection, my heart beat fast. 
"Hi Carly, it's David." I said, perhaps sounding if I was breathing heavily. 
"Hi David, did you get my invite?" She asked. 
"Yes and I am just ringing to say that I will be coming and to thank you for inviting me!" I said, ever the gentleman!  The conversation continued well for me, I was talking to her quite comfortably, being her friend which was better than her hating me I thought.  Carly explained that due to her parents laws concerning their pool, only four guests were allowed, making it five with herself. 
The guest list read, Fiona -- a girl I liked too, who was very clever and spoke several languages even at fourteen.  Her family lived for a while in Germany and came back to England at the same time that Carly joined my school.  Next was Laura -- a small girl, again very clever and a good friend of mine.  I liked her too as it happened although she always appeared to have a boyfriend so I was happy to be friends.  Next was Lucy, my Number two!!  She was a bit taller than Carly, very slim and attractive.  I don't really have a fetish for blonde women, but coincidentally, Lucy had dark blonde hair with blue eyes and was on the school cross country running team.  This party was going to be babe city for me, and they would (weather permitting) be in swim wear, cool! 
"Gosh, am I the only boy?" I asked, suddenly sensing something wrong with the guest list. 
 "Yeah, my parents wanted it to be solely girls, but I twisted their arm.  You see, they didn't want any hanky panky going on, you know, pairing off while they were out." Carly explained.  She went on to say that her folks were going out for the afternoon, but would return for the barbecue in the evening, where more guests would be allowed.  In the event of it being a crap weather day, her uncle would take us to the bowling. 
As a fourteen year old, this all sounded quite reasonable, but the first seeds of doubt were sown in my mind when I told my mother about the party and it's unusual guest list.  Like mother's do, she warned me to be careful at the party.  When I asked her why and what she meant, she just shrugged her shoulders and said something that I now know is quite true, girls can be such cruel bitches.  I thought my mum was worrying over nothing, I knew these girls quite well and we got on as friends. 
With the party to look forward to, I formulated my plan.  I was going to chat to Lucy and hopefully get her to go out with me.  I was not going to try any hanky panky (as Carly's mum put it), not that I would have been brave enough to try it, but I was determined to put the Carly setback firmly behind me. 
The day of the party duly arrived, and after a lengthy school-boy summer lie-in, I got up at around 10 o'clock.  As luck would have it, the weather was gorgeous, not even the faintest sign of a cloud.  After I had bathed and got my stuff ready for the afternoon, I relaxed in my own garden with excitement urging the clock to move faster. 
Carly lived about 5 minutes walk from my own house, and so after a short stroll I knocked upon her door, a large fake oak beast of a door with matching brass knocker.  After what seemed like an age, the door opened to reveal Carly's younger sister Annabel (she was 12) wrapped in a towel.  "Hello David." Annabel said smiling at me.  I liked Annabel, but in our town it was seen as weird for third years like me, to chase first years! 
"Hello there, am I too early?" I said out of politeness since it was obvious that I had got her out of the pool.  She said it was ok and invited me in, through the house and out onto the pool side. 
Carly was in the pool and I couldn't wait to see her get out.  We exchanged hellos and I placed her birthday card on her sun lounger.  Annabel was then instructed to escort me to a room where I could change into my swimming shorts.  On the way to what was Annabel's room, she smiled at me again and said, "Are you ready for some fun then?" 
"Yeah, it should be a nice afternoon, I have been looking forward to it since I was invited." I replied.  We chatted for a couple of minutes and we even discussed my rejection by Carly to which Annabel said she must have been mad and that I shouldn't just give in.  I think the phrase I replied with was along the lines of once bitten.... 
Annabel persisted with the fact that all might not be lost.  Something I now regret doing was advising Annabel that I intended to chat to Lucy about us becoming a couple.  "Oh." Annabel said, her sparkle now gone.  She fancied me as it turned out and was disappointed since Carly had arranged to push me in her direction if I tried to talk Carly into going out with me again.  All very complicated I know, but it is important information. 
Once Annabel left, I began to get changed, making doubly sure that no one was going to come in.  Whilst I was changing, the door knocker sounded.  This time it was Carly's voice I heard answer it and I counted three other girl's voices too at the door.  All the other guests had come together- the party was on.  I was naked when I heard this, "You don't mind if Annabel stays do you?  My parents have given in to her and let her stay after all." Carly asked her friends if they minded, to which they replied no, and the more the merrier.  I didn't mind, I liked her anyway not that they asked me.  Once my shorts were on and tied secure, I left Annabel's room and took my towel outside and met up with the other guests.  It was obvious to me now that when I went outside I had disturbed a little chat for they all stopped talking and watched me approach.  After a couple of seconds the other guests said hello and I responded.  Carly, Annabel and I were the only ones in swim wear at this stage, and Carly looked gorgeous in her wet swimming costume.  I could see her nipples poking out in front of her and her long legs, so brown and edible.  I had to look away before I got too excited! Laura, Fiona and Lucy all stood there in jean shorts and loose T-shirts, and soon retired to the house, to Carly's room to get changed. 
"Feel free to get in David." Carly said, and as I jumped in and got used to the water temperature, Carly and Annabel both went inside leaving me alone in the pool.  Nothing unusual about that really, girls talk amongst themselves very often about girly things and did not suspect anything.  In fact one thing I had noticed when we did P.E. at school, it was a running joke that the girls all came out of the changing rooms as one big group!  I had swum a couple of lengths when as if it were a P.E. lesson, the girls all came out of the house and in their swim wear.  Well, I had to stop swimming, and I smiled inwardly at the parade in front of me.  Carly was in a dark blue two-piece which showed off her tummy and belly button (lovely) to good effect, her hair darkened by the wetness of the water.  Fiona was next in her light blue one piece outfit, a bit conservative actually given that this was a party although her large bottom was showed to good effect.  Laura was third, who looked very short next to Fiona, and she was wearing a loose T-shirt over a green and blue two-piece outfit.  She wore this T-shirt because she was very fussy about showing her body in public and later on in her teens did turn a little anorexic, but she looked great on this day.  Next was Annabel, now without the towel and looked stunning to, well she is only a slightly younger version of her sister, and wearing a light blue two-piece.  Unusually her belly button was an outee instead of Carly's innee!  Last in the group was Lucy, tall, slender and athletic, her thighs looked as though they oozed power after her cross country running exploits.  She wore a two-piece outfit too and in my favourite colours of claret and blue (Aston Villa F.C. rule).  Lucy also had her hair in pig tails which hung down over the side of her head in Scandinavian style.  Her olive skin looked so smooth and her nipples and breasts were outlined perfectly in the sunlight.  I had rarely seen such a festival of fine fillies! They were all really nice girls and had good personalities- or so I thought.  The girls all started to jump in to the pool, I guess they had lotioned up before coming out, something which I didn't do, but always do now.  We all had a great time splashing about and ducking each other, Carly had even brought out a portable stereo and put some music on.  The first tune on was Holly Johnson singing Americanos.  I remember that because we all stood round together singing it in a circle in the pool. 
After that song I tried to get closer and closer to Lucy in order to chat to her, but she kept blowing hot and cold.  Some times she would smile and seem willing, other times she just raised her eyebrows and turned away.  Yes, even at fourteen, they can tease.  We played a couple of games in the pool with various inflatable balls and things, all very jolly.  "Lets play something else." said Carly.  Everyone stopped and looked at her, waiting for the birthday girl to suggest a game.  She continued, "Tig?" [Ed note: "tag" in the US.]  The guests, me included just sniggered at such a sad game idea. 
Carly handled it well though and just laughed and shrugged her shoulders inviting others to suggest a game.  Annabel then piped up, the little minx.  "What about truth or dare?" Once again the party people laughed, but this time we nodded our heads.  The game was set up, and the rules laid down funnily enough by Annabel.  A question would be asked to a person, and they can either answer or take a dare.  Apparently, we would all have a round of asking questions, making the game six rounds long!!  The rules seemed easy enough, but the question of what would happen if someone refused to speak and refuse the dare did not come up.  We all have regrets.  Carly started the questioning, being the birthday girl and all, and so she got out and sat on the pool side.  I could see her nipples again through her costume and I will admit that I did rub myself under the water a little bit.  Carly asked all her friends and her sister really tame questions, and all the girls opted for the truth option and I didn't really learn anything juicy about any of them other than the fact that Fiona had a crush on my best mate. 
"OK Dave." Carly began with me.  "When did you have your first sexual experience?"  Well, I blushed at this question.  I could not believe that she had just asked that in front of her sister who was (I felt) much too young for such discussions.  Carly teased me a bit and asked if I was going to tell the truth or take a dare.  Although I was embarrassed by the question, this time I decided to tell the truth and to much shock and horror from the rest of the party goers I told them I was nine years old.  Lucy smiled at me though, which was nice as I think she knew about what happened when I was nine. 
Next it was Lucy's turn to ask the questions, and so she got out and rested on the pool side while Carly got back in to the water.  Lucy's costume hung seductively close to her body with the wetness of the water and the sun shining off her olive skin turned me on again, I was getting a little hard. 
Once again, Lucy's line of questioning her friends seemed very tame and they all told the truth apart from Annabel who opted to do an underwater hand stand instead of answering the question of who at the party would she most like to kiss!!!!  An understandable avenue for Annabel to want to get out of.  "OK Dave." Lucy began, and I could feel all eyes upon me.  "Tell the party about what happened when you were nine, or take a dare." 
I froze with shock, I sure as hell was not going to tell all these girls that I was stripped from the waste down by a girl when I was nine and, touched.  That would be too much.  "What is the dare?" I asked meekly, and all the girls, Lucy included took in a deep breath.  At this moment, the Lambada tune by Kaoma came on the stereo, a tune that I can not take seriously for too long today.  I was floating in the water for if I was out of the pool, my legs would have turned to jelly. 
"Errrrmmmm, let me see." Lucy was taking her time over this and butterflies began to run all around my stomach, and I was breathing heavily.  Some of the girls began to giggle as they knew how Lucy's mind worked.  Outside she was a picture of innocence and pleasantry, but inside (as I later found out) she was a minx too!  A sexy minx.  "Take off your shorts and be naked in the water for the rest of the game, which is four rounds." 
I could not believe what I heard.  The girls began to giggle again and dare me to do it.  "No way, not in front of Annabel." I protested but you are on to a loser as soon as you are outnumbered like I was. 
As I blushed once more, Annabel looked at her older sister and said, "Come on Carly, say something, it is your party, it must be one or the other."  The other girls seemed to agree and this is where the game broke down, for as I said no one had discussed this eventuality.  It was clear to me that the longer this game went on, Annabel wanted some sort of revenge on me after I effectively rejected her in her room earlier.  All I could see for the rest of this game was me being told to do things naked while the girls got off scot-free.  To my sensitive and shy self, this was too much to bear.  "Look girls, there is no way I am stripping off, you wouldn't do it if I dared you in my round."  I pleaded my case to them, and deep down they knew I was right -- for a start, there were not enough boys around to make it interesting for them!!!! 
"OK David, we will stop the game here then.  It is too much to expect you to strip yourself off in front of us.  Lucy, you should apologise to David for suggesting such a thing." Carly said, waving a finger to Annabel to stop any protests from her before she started.  Although I didn't see it, Carly winked at Lucy, a sign that the fun was far from over.  And with that, we all started to play with the bouncy beach ball again.  Annabel and Laura got out and went to the pool side and sat down next to Lucy, while Carly and Fiona seemed to distract my attention.  After a short while, and after what was an obvious discussion, there was a large splash in my face as Lucy dived in.  I had to raise my hands to my face and rub my eyes clear of water. 
I could feel Lucy swimming around my legs as I continued to rub my eyes, and all of a sudden there were two hands at the string of my shorts.  I was being attacked from below! I staggered about, not being able to see anything and Annabel seemed to be cheering the loudest as I felt Lucy's hands undo the string of my shorts.  I tried to fight her off, obviously without trying to hurt her but protect my privacy.  Carly saw Lucy struggling and dived under the water to help her friend out.  As the sight came back to my eyes, I could see the other girls laughing, and with a look of understandable shock on my face, I felt four hands on the inside of the waistband of my shorts.  With a flash, my shorts were pulled down my knees and legs and off my feet.  Lucy emerged victorious with my shorts and showed them to the girls who delighted in the spectacle. 
"No, come on, please give them back, please." I pleaded with Lucy to give my shorts back and minimise my exposure.  Lucy and Carly just laughed at me and shook their heads.  Lucy handed the shorts to Annabel who promptly put them in her kit bag, and so I was trapped.  The girls had all got out of the pool and stood at the side while I remained naked within the marginal privacy of the water, running freely around my bottom and genitals. 
"Come and get them Davey, " said Annabel, and the other girls smiled at her cheekiness.  I had no option really did I?  I had to get out and retrieve my shorts and try to get on with the party. 
There was no way I would be able to get out without them seeing my willy, because you would have to use two hands to climb to the sides whether on the pool step ladder or not.  Shit I thought.  "Why?  What have I done?" I asked, hoping to appeal to their better nature.  All the girls seemed to have an opinion as to why it had all gone sour for me this day, but it revolved around Annabel.  After I had admitted to her that I liked Lucy, she had told the others that I had tried to kiss her without permission and she wanted something in return.  I could not believe this lie, I was being humiliated for no good reason.  No matter how much I pointed out I was innocent, they just called me a bigger liar.  I had to vacate the pool.  I slowly made my way to the side of the pool and braced myself as the girls began to clap slowly and giggle amongst themselves at the impending display of nudity.  My hands came up on top of the pool side in readiness to haul me up onto the side.  The girls all gathered round me, jostling for a good view.  With a large sigh, I hauled myself up onto the pool side, and as quickly as I could, I covered my penis and balls with my hands.  I ignored the faint traces of laughter as much as I could, but I was very self conscious about Annabel looking at me. 
"Come on then, let's see it." chuckled Carly. 
"Yeah, come on, you were too quick." added Lucy.  It was true, I had been very quick and they had only caught a fleeting glimpse of my manhood. 
"My shorts, please." I begged, I really wanted to end this ordeal. 
"No, not yet, we are not done." exclaimed Annabel with joy in her voice.  With that, Lucy and Fiona lunged forward, they being the most athletic of the group.  I tried to back away, but they were quick too, and grabbed my shoulders and wrestled me over to the grass.  As I tumbled to the floor, my hands came away from my groin in order to stifle my fall.  This of course exposed my genitals for all of the girls to see, and I could feel myself going beet red as confusion and rage filled my head. 
Fiona straddled my chest and held my arms down, she was a big girl and quite strong, whilst Lucy began by holding my ankles down.  The other girls all got down around me, making comments about my body and genitals and as I was being held down, they proceeded to fondle my willy and squeeze my balls.  The words of my mum filled my head girls can be such cruel bitches.  How right she was, why didn't I listen to her. 
Erasure were now playing on the stereo with a record called Stop.  But as I pleaded with my attackers, they refused to listen.  They were having to good a time at my expense.  Their touches, such rough, yet careful touches made my penis react and I was soon very hard in their hands. 
"Yeah, he likes this look, he has gone hard." Proclaimed Laura who squeezed particularly hard on my balls. 
"Stop, please stop, awwwww please let me go." I begged of them, but still they carried on.  Tears began to stream down my cheeks, for the first time that day, I really wanted my mum. 
"Oh shut up, you have been ogling us all afternoon, we knew you wouldn't be able to resist ogling five girls at a pool party." Carly barked at me (though she was no dog!!). 
"Yeah, you deserve this, trying to make a move on a first year." added Annabel, the little liar.  With her words ringing loud in my ears, I felt something special welling up inside me. 
"Hey, look, something's happening!!"  Little did Lucy know she was announcing the arrival of an orgasm, oh no I thought.  As I began to buck and writhe my hips on the floor, even Fiona got off my stomach to watch this, she knew what was coming.  The four older girls cheered and clapped as my orgasm erupted semen shot out of my penis and onto my stomach. 
"Gross." Annabel said, frowning at my penis, as my erection subsided.  The other girls looked at her with a knowing smile.  I was flat on my back, and had literally given up.  There was an unnatural quiet all of a sudden at the party, as if the severity of the incident hit the girls' minds.  I was till very angry, so I got up and without bothering to cover my genitals I walked over to the sun loungers and picked up a towel, any towel and wiped myself down.  The girls whispered quietly to themselves, would I tell or would I keep quiet?  Laura even wanted to know what my truth would have been if I had opted for it.  As I walked towards the house in order to go indoors and get my stuff, I threw the towel into the pool in disgust. 
"Dave, where are you going?" asked Carly, 
"HOME!" I exclaimed.  And continued apace.  "And I did not kiss Annabel, I swear."  As I entered the house I heard Carly ask her sister if I had really kissed her, and tell her that if she had lied she would be in trouble.  Annabel confessed that I had been innocent in the whole thing and also confessed that she fancied me, the reason why she opted for the under-water handstand dare earlier. 
I left the house and the party, determined never to venture out again until school resumed in September.  How could I face these girls again, or my mates when they found out? 
The End
Does anyone want to write a story about my revenge, or even my further humiliation given the alleged stolen kiss?  What will the parents say when they return to find the special guest absent before the barbecue had even started?

