The attached work of erotic fiction is intended to be entertainment for adults in locations in which it is legal.  If it is illegal in your location, DO NOT read.  This is a copyrighted work.  Reposting or any other use strictly prohibited without the express, written permission of the copyright holder, excerpts may be posted as part of a review or posted to free-access, non-commercial archive sights.


   Copyright 2007, 2008, 2009 by J.  Saunders.

   If you are an editor and wish to publish this story
   contact me at: jillsconvictions@yahoo.co.uk

   This and other works may be found here:
   http://www.asstr.org/files/Authors/Jill/


Encouragement in the form of pictures of your girlfriend / wife / mistress are also welcome, send to jillsconvictions@yahoo.co.uk  If its not yours then don't send it (no spam).


Introduction:  This is a part of a completed story.  It may not be to everyones tastes.



Jills story - Part 14 (of 14)

I went to sleep straight after my bath and I wake up at 9am feeling refreshed.  I get dressed and head straight to work.  I have my phone on but I dont get any messages, even though I planned to ignore any I am still relieved.  At my desk and my floor of the office is almost completely deserted, I do spot one other sad worker in a corner.  I sit down and log into my machine, then without pausing I log into the server, it all goes smoothly.  Thank God they havent changed the passwords.  I go straight for the folder with the video files, they are all there, plus of course many more from the additional days that have passed since I last logged in.  I begin scanning them.  After about 30 mins I hit the jackpot  I find the video I have been hoping for.  The date on the video is a Friday and the time is late afternoon, most of the video shows Adrian and I sitting at my desk working.  I have deleted all the videos of me seemingly encouraging Adrian to look at my tits and me playing with my pussy under my desk with Adrian watching and me having Adrian suck my tits.  This one seems like a normal day without any of that going on, then after an hour or so I get up and walk off leaving Adrian at my desk, he also gets up when I leave but then appears to watch me go.  He sits down again in my chair and starts working on my machine, it is only for about two minutes, all the time he keeps glancing up in the direction he watched me leave.  Then he appears to be finished with whatever it is, he looks at the screen once more, appears to click on something and switches places back to the chair he was on before.  Nothing more of interest happens and soon I walk back into view and sit down again and we appear to carry on working.  The date stamp and time on the video when Adrian was working on my machine covers the period that the incriminating email to BCS was sent from my machine.  I have evidence it wasnt me.  I copy the video to my machine and then to a memory stick.  I decide to leave that video on the server.  Sure that I have deleted all the videos with my bits showing I log off.  They may have copies of course but I have what I need to get away from Steve.  I must think about how I can use it to make him suffer like he has made me.
I go home without hearing anything from Steve.

I am undecided about how to handle Steve, I want him to be punished but is the law enough?  I could do what he threatened me with but it might not work because of a technicality or lack of evidence.  The video after all shows Adrian and not Steve, will they be able to make a solid link to Steve.  I dont really know what Adrians involvement has been or the person he addressed the email to at BCS.  I draft an email, I use the subject Illegal Disclosure, I start To whom it may concern and go on to state that Steve has been blackmailing me with the email to BCS which I supposedly sent but which I have video evidence showing that I did not send.  Implicating Steve in the process even if he didnt press the send button.  I send my draft to Steves email address thinking hang the consequences for him if someone in IT picks up the email.
Within minutes my phone rings, I pick it up, its Steve.  He says Hello his voice is shaky.  I say We will see, meet me in the lobby, by the front desk at home time and hang up.
I work a little late just to make Steve sweat.  When I get down to the lobby its gone 30 minutes after the end of the work day, Steve is there.  I tell him to walk with me and head out the lobby into the street, he follow me.  I head towards the station, Steve starts to talk but before he gets very far I say Shut up Steve and he does. 
After walking a minute in silence I say I dont know what to do about the very bad way you have treated me - be quiet!.  I add the end bit just for good measure.  
For now I am going to bide my time and consider my options, in the mean time I have some errands I need run and I just dont have the time. Would you mind helping out?
I carry on before he replies, Drop by my building tomorrow morning before work, I will leave a bunch of clothes with the night watchman, I need them dry cleaned.
We are at the station now and I go in without further comment leaving Steve at the entrance.
On the way home I ponder what I should do with Steve, I have decided to use him to run errands for me and see what develops.  If I see that there is enough evidence to take him down for sure I will hand him over to the companies legal department.  In the interim I will let him ponder his uncertain state, possibly he will even lead me to the evidence I need in the mean time Ill keep him busy helping me out.  I decide not to approach Adrian and rather see what develops on his side, Steve will surely tell him what I found and have threatened to do.

I get up in the morning feeling refreshed, no longer burdened by what Steve may demand from me.  Out of the window I see Steve arrive and fetch my clothes, good boy I think.  I must punish him much better I know, but I have time and leaving him in limbo while I decide what to do will hopefully be very good punishment on its own.
At work I see Adrian, he avoids looking my way but doesnt seem too concerned otherwise.  Dave has been very good about my strange behaviour and I have developed a soft spot for him in amongst my now hard interior.  He has acted normal around me in spite of the decidedly odd things I have asked him to do recently, he hasnt demanded to know what I am doing in a typical boorish arrogant male way.  I decide that I will suggest we go for drinks and try to get to know him a little better.
Later in the day Dave asks me about the black device, I decide to allow chance an opportunity to serve Steve his just deserts.  I tell Dave to follow up the problems he is having with the manufacturer, and I tell him that he is welcome to mention the data feed we found.  He looks at me for a moment with a very serious expression on his face, I look back at him and then smile warmly and mouth the words thank you.  He looks a little embarrassed but smiles back at me.  Later I hear him on the phone to the manufacturer, it seems that they are saying they will immediately send a replacement and can he please send the one he has back.  After the call he comes over to my desk and says in a low voice They want me to send them back this thing?  
I say Thats fine, I have what I need, thanks, I reach out and give his hand a quick squeeze.  If only he knew how I had been used, he probably wouldnt want me touching him.

On Wednesday morning I get to the office to find I have a new meeting in my diary for 10am.  It is with someone called Ben from the security department, Ooops I think here we go.  Someone has found the videos or the emails and it is all going to hit the fan.  My hand will be forced and Steve will get fired at the very least, hopefully he will be sent to jail but I dont know what evidence there may be.  
I have mixed feelings as I head for the scheduled meeting room.  In a way I am glad that I will not have to sit on the evidence I have and will have a conclusion to the Steve episode, one which will surely see him being punished in some way.  But in another way I am worried about how much will come out about what I have done under Steves blackmail.
By the time I reach the meeting room though, having thought back over all I have been put through, I have decided that Steve and Adrian must pay even if it causes me great embarrassment.  I shouldnt face any legal problems or lose my job as I most certainly would have if Peter, who ultimately got me into this position, had not been appeased.

I open the door, head held high, nipples standing proud with the bars through them which I have quite come to enjoy, and go in.

The End (for now)