Danger Girl
by Thadsgood©


Hi, my name is Stephanie. However, my closest friends call me Danger Girl. I 
find it kind of a superhero-ish thing but I kind of dig it. Why am I Danger 
Girl? One of my closest friends suggested this forum for explaining how I came 
into that name. It's simple really, I put myself in harm's way to get what I 
want. What I want is rough sex. I want a guy to slap my face while I'm sucking 
him. I want him to spank my ass while he grinds his dick into me relentlessly. I 
want him to grab me by the hair, rip my clothes off and take me hard. I want him 
to force me to do it, whatever he wants, without asking me. What I've found, 
however, is that men tend to suck, and not in the good way either. Most often, 
they are too nice, too caring, even the roughest, toughest looking guys. This is 
why I now put myself out there, in places and situations I know that I'll be 
successful, with guys who will give me what I want, what I need.

I'll have to go into some background in order to understand where I am, and why 
I feel the way I do. Freud always pointed to childhood so I guess that's where 
I'll start. I have two older brothers, we are just a few years apart. Our dad 
left us when we were young, too young to remember much about him anyway. Mom had to work more than one job in order to support us. As we got older, this meant brothers often looked after me. I discovered in my early childhood how my nudity shocked my brothers. I remember jumping out at them when they were playing a game or something, and the rush I got from their shocked expressions. I also remember mom whipping my behind for it on more than one occasion, often in front of the boys, which I remember was humiliating but oddly exciting. I was 
undaunted however, and I remained a flirt as I grew. Some would say that early 
childhood shaped my behavior, I prefer to think of it as something innate.

My older brother JD started to take on the disciplinarian role starting in his 
early teens, when mom wasn't around. I clearly remember the first day he spanked 
me. I must've been 10 or so and he and my other brother Rob had friends over. 
They were totally ignoring me, as boys tended to do then, and I decided that 
raising my nightgown over my head would be a good way to get attention. I 
remember the surprise on his friend's faces. He ordered me to go the bathroom 
and get mom's hairbrush and I certainly recall the tingly feeling I got from 
having to march there and back, knowing I was going to be punished, most likely 
in front of all his friends. I remember the uncomfortable laughter from the 
boys, and the tears flowing from my eyes, but I also remember the burning, as 
yet unnamed feeling I had inside me. 

From then on I endeavored to get that feeling as often as possible. I'd 
practically have to break something for him to notice me and then there I'd be, 
over his knee, or bent over the couch, my pajamas at my ankles, while he, Rob, 
or other boys would cheer him on. It was intoxicating. I became such a pest when 
his friends were over that JD took to tying me up. I was 12 or 13 when another 
thing was introduced to me that is with me to this day. One day I was so longing 
for it that I actually punched him in the arm (not that I could hurt him, by 
then he was a strong, football playing kid of 16 or so). He grabbed my wrists 
with both hands to stop me from hitting him.

"Stephanie Jane! You are in for it now!" He said in his most menacing tone to 
date. I recall the excited rush I got from his demeanor. I recognize it as 
sexual desire now, I had no idea then.

He yanked me over to the couch and began spanking me barehanded through my 
shorts. This didn't satisfy him so he roughly pulled the shorts down over my 
hips and, holding both my wrists with one of his meaty hands the other wailed 
away at my bare ass. Only he, Rob and one of their neighbor friends were there 
and I could hear them giggling. I was red faced and red assed but for some 
reason it just didn't do it for me. I continued to flail at JD and curse him 
with every four letter word I knew then ( I didn' t know as many then, I 
certainly know more now!). Finally, in disgust, he held my hands behind my back 
and made Rob go get some twine from the garage. I couldn't believe it, but he 
tied my hands behind my back so I started kicking at him. In response he tied my 
feet together as well (It probably wouldn't hold me now but I was a girly girl 
back then, the only muscles I had were in my behind). I kept cursing JD so he 
finally threw his hands up in disgust, went to the garage himself, came back 
with duct tape and taped my mouth shut. So there I was, my shorts at my knees, 
my hands bound behind me, my legs tied together, and my mouth sealed shut. 

"Now you'll stay there until you can act right!" JD snapped. He walked out in 
anger. This left Rob and their friend gawking at me. I clearly recall that 
neither of them said anything, but moved closer. They stood silently over me for 
what seemed like a long time. I could feel them looking at me, especially 'down 
there'. I remember feeling so totally powerless yet so positively charged up. It 
was a new wrinkle for me and I was thinking I like it. I think Rob got 
uncomfortable and finally made his friend leave with him but not before I felt 
hands touching my back, my behind, again, without a word.

Things just escalated from there. I'd provoke JD or Rob, who had also now begun 
punishing me and I'd find myself most often tied up, spanked, and left for 
viewing. It didn't take long before some of their friends took to doing more 
than looking. At first I think JD might've said something about not doing it, 
but I don't remember it ever having effect. In fact, JD took to tying me up, 
standing, with my hands above my head, to one of the ceiling rafters in the 
center of the room. It was like I was a pinata or something, certainly it made 
me the center of attention, something of which I craved. It wasn't long after me 
being tied up that way that the other boys began touching me. The first few 
times I remember it being more like tickling and poking, but after a few times 
with no repercussions from JD or Rob, they actually began touching my budding 
tits, my butt, and even my pussy (though I'm not sure any of them knew what to 
do with it yet). I look back and think how great it must've been for his horny 
teenaged friends to see something like this as often as it happened. Back then I 
guess I assumed this is what everyone did. 

Eventually it was going to get out of hand but, just like with everything else, 
it seemed to be what I wanted. I think I was 14 and JD was barely around. Rob 
had taken over most of the 'punishment' duties and he was much quicker to tie me 
up and spank me than JD had been, in fact, I now recognize today that he 
probably was getting off on it. One day I particularly pissed him off purposely 
and he tied me to the rafter with one of the neighbor boys present. He spanked 
me more thoroughly than ever, I yelped like I'd never done before yet I felt a 
stirring heat building between my legs. This time though, Rob reached around my 
top, and jerked my little halter down, exposing my now much more developed tits. 
I don't think his friend had ever seen me like this, his family was new to the 
neighborhood. I remember his face had this intense look. Rob was much more into 
the humiliation than JD was, he'd always tell me what a bad girl I was and he 
rightly guessed when he'd tell me that I LIKED being punished, that I LIKED 
being treated like that. I'd always deny it, of course. This time though, Rob 
reached around and grabbed my nipples. It sent electric jolts through me. Now, 
by this time I'd masturbated, teased my own nipples and had explored my own 
body, but this rough tugging at my nipples was something which totally surprised 
me. I'm sure I gasped. Rob just laughed,

"Sure, I'll bet you like this, don't you, you get me mad on purpose, just so you 
can get yourself tied up and spanked, don't you, Stephanie Jane?"

I just mumbled " no, I most certainly did not." 

Rob just sneered and announced to his friend, "I'm going to make myself a 
sandwich, you want one?" 

His friend shook his head yes and I watched Doug's eyes follow Rob out of the 
room. He'd left me there with him. Now, today, I recognize that he probably had 
set it all up, how it all went down. Doug wasted no time. All of a sudden he was 
behind me.

"What are you doing?" I shrieked, though not feeling at all scared.

He said nothing. His hands circled around me and found my nipples, just like Rob 
had. He began pulling and tugging on them. Again, the jolts shot through me. I 
could feel him press in behind me. I could feel his hardness, yes, I'd seen hard 
ones before, I'd busted in on JD and Rob purposely in the shower and I'd seen 
them both soft and hard, I understood by then how they got that way. Doug's 
hands found my pussy. He slid them around my lips and unceremoniously he a 
finger in. He finger fucked me and I found myself bucking against his hand while 
wildly straining on the ropes that bound my hands above me. I could feel him 
behind me gyrating rhythmically, his fingers plunging into me while he seemed to 
be bucking against my ass. Suddenly I felt it, hot and sticky, spurting onto my 
reddened behind. He had jerked himself off on my ass. I remember a rumble going 
through me at about that same time, starting in my pussy and overwhelming me. I 
recognized it later as my first orgasm. I heard more grunts in the background, 
it must've been Rob, watching and jerking off as well.

Things went from there, I'd get tied up and get played with, eventually I ended 
up sucking their dicks, most often with my hands tied. Rob was always around, 
but never participated, other than the spanking and tying. I lost my virginity 
to one of their friends. We were walking across the field, coming back from 
school. Bill just asked me if I'd take off my clothes. I didn't even hesitate, 
he'd seen me naked many times before. I'd even sucked him off more times than I 
could count. He ended up on top of me, humping away. It hurt a bit but I 
remember what a wonderful feeling it was at the same time. I ended up sucking 
and fucking pretty much all of my brother's friends throughout high school. 

Later, when JD was away playing football at college, Rob had gone to work out of 
state. Mom had gotten down to one job and was home a lot more. I recall a lot of 
fights with her about my promiscuous ways. Things weren't the same though, with 
JD and Rob gone, what I began to discover about boys was that most of them were 
either too 'nice' and fawned over me like I was a porcelain doll, or they were 
so into themselves and their pleasure that they lasted a minute or two and it 
was over. I was searching for something and I didn't even know what, at the 
time. It was the rough sex, the spanking, the bondage, the humiliation I was 
craving but it took some time to come to that realization.

It wasn't until college when I recognized what I was missing and the "Danger 
Girl" in me started surfacing. I'd already had numerous guys by then, none of 
which ever gave me even more than a passing thrill, most of that came when I was 
naked, on my knees, sucking their cocks. I had one professor, probably in his 
mid to late 40's that seemed to take a shine to me. Psychology professor, to 
boot, perhaps he read me. One day after class several classmates and I met at 
the local college bar. He showed up, which wasn't unusual, they often drank with 
the students, it wasn't out of the ordinary. 

I was getting drunk and in my tipsy state I may have revealed more to him than I 
remembered, either that, or he was just intuitive because he got me to talking 
about sex. I guess I thought I was being playful or coy, but I think he put the 
pieces together quickly. Next thing I knew we were in the parking lot and he was 
kissing me. He stopped and pushed me back a little, 

"Take off your blouse," he said gruffly.

"What?" I said, surprised.

"Take off your blouse or I'll take it off of you."

I began to tremble, but I began unbuttoning it without question.

"Faster," he urged, "or I'll rip it off you."

I wasn't quite fast enough and suddenly he slapped my hands away and with both 
hands jerked the blouse open, popping off the final two buttons.

"That's better," he smirked. 

His hands went right to my breasts. "No bra, figured."

His fingers went right to my nipples and just like in the past I felt the 
familiar buzz go through me when he tugged on them. He leaned over and took them in his mouth, one at a time. I felt his teeth on me, first gently, then rougher. 
I moaned. 

"Yeah, you like that, slut? I knew you would," he said, then he returned to 
biting my nipples.

His hand found my panty covered pussy and he wasn't gentle in tugging the 
material aside and finding the target with his digits. I put my hand on his, as 
if to guide him in. He slapped my hand hard.

"You little slut, I'll finger you, or not, and you'll sit there and take it, got 
it?" I was a little girl again, getting scolded. I looked up at him, smiling 
through his salt and pepper beard. I laid back and let him nip at my titties and 
finger fuck me at his leisure. He removed his slick fingers and made me lick 
myself off of him. I was wet beyond wet. He started to unbuckle his belt and 
unzip himself. He took his cock out.

"Suck my cock," he ordered, as if I had no say. 

It was already nice and hard. I leaned over to engulf it but before I did he 
held the back of my head and with a handful of hair he started slapping my face 
with it.

"Yeah, that's it, you want this dick, little girl? Then beg for it," he urged.

I begged, pleaded for his big, beautiful dick and I meant every word of it.

"That's right you little whore, you'll love sucking my dick, out in a parking 
lot, won't you?"

"Mmmm, yes sir, I will," I mumbled, finally getting the cock tip in my mouth.

His hands alternately spanked my behind and played with my nipples while I 
sucked him off. I was really getting into it when suddenly he jerked my head 
back by my hair. He slapped me hard across my face. 

"You little slut! Be very careful when you are sucking cock, you nearly bit me 
there, you'd think a slut like you would know that by now," he gasped in an 
excited state.

He shoved me back on his cock as I was mumbling out an, 'I'm sorry sir," between 
the tears.

Finally I could sense his impending orgasm and I swirled my tongue around the 
head as I vacuumed him in. 

"Swallow it, show me what a little slut you are, swallow it....." he panted as 
he shot his cum into my mouth. 

I sputtered on his load but I shoked it down dutifully. He allowed me to slump 
back into my seat for a minute while he zipped himself back up. He was eyeing me 
intently, like he was gauging my reaction. I think he came to the right 
conclusion.

"Now, get out," he barked. 

I started to protest, my panties were torn, my shirt was ripped, I'm sure my 
makeup was a fright, and I just knew I had some drying spit and saliva on my 
chin with some of it having dripped onto my blouse. He smiled broadly.

"Don't worry, I'll see you again," he chuckled.

I did as I was instructed and got out in my disheveled condition. One of my 
closest friends had been waiting in the bar.

"Oh my god, what happened to you, are you all right?" she said when she saw me.

When I told her some of what had happened it was then she said, 'Damn, that was 
some danger, girl, what were you thinking?" From then on, the name began to get 
more and more appropriate. 

The prof was more than true to his word and it was he who showed me the way, as 
I like to call it. It was he who made me suck his cock whenever and wherever he 
wanted it. He often made me suck his cock in his tiny office, after tying my 
hands behind my back with my own bra. He'd fuck me hard, he'd spank me red. He 
called me his slut, his cock sucking whore and I gladly was. He was opening a 
new world for me. Unfortunately, he was married, and our meetings dwindled down 
to nothing. I was forced to now go in search of what I wanted, but at least this 
time it had a face. This time I knew what it was I wanted.

This is the part where I found out pretty much everything I needed to know about 
most men. They was very little difference between these men and the high 
schoolers I'd fucked. There were the 'nice' men, the ones who treat you like a 
queen but in bed you are yawning while they are trying to lick you. You know the 
kind, their tongue goes in and out, in and out, it's the clit fellas, focus! 
There were the cocky men, oozing confidence yet giving you the 'five minute 
thrill ride' with no payoff. I went looking for the rough types, like in biker 
bars and the like. This is where my friends starting calling me Danger Girl for 
good. They couldn't understand why I was going into the worst places in bad 
parts of town. Most often when I did meet someone, I found them to be the 'nice' 
types, or worse, they were often so drunk they'd fall asleep half way through. 
Its one thing to have directed, rough sex, it's another to just be fucked 
pitifully, then left high and dry (well, wet). I had to hone my skill in finding 
the right type of guy for me.

Being Danger Girl isn't always easy, it comes with consequences. One time I 
actually met a guy in one of these biker bars. He seemed to be the type, 
controlling, dominant. He pulled me out of a pool game by my arm. We'd just 
barely met. He'd bought me several drinks by then. He pulled me over past the 
bar, into the hallway where the restrooms are.

"Come on, you little tease, its time to pay up," he said drunkenly.

It was the tone I was looking for, I got moist. "Whatever do you mean, sir?" I 
cooed suggestively.

"Get off it girl, you came here with your tits practically hanging out and that 
sundress barely covering that ass of yours. You came here to get laid, so I'm 
here to help you out."

I remembered all the teasing of my childhood. "I have no idea what you mean sir, 
unhand me," and I pulled myself away from him. Suddenly I was against the wall.

"Bitch," he said softly, but with a menacing sneer, "you ain't leaving here 
without getting fucked." His hand roughly grabbed my hardened nipple through the 
fabric as he spoke.

I just melted back against the wall, he had me and I think he finally knew it. I 
allowed him to move in closely and begin pawing me. 

"Yeah, that's it baby, I knew you wanted it," he whispered as he dry humped me 
in that hallway.

"Let's go out back," I croaked, my throat was suddenly dry. 'Let me suck your 
cock."

He knew what he had then and he led me out the bar, his hand on my ass the whole time. We were in the alley in the back when he grabbed my sundess and forcefully pulled it up over my head. It left me in only my panties. He pawed me again, he mauled my big tits while he forced his tongue into my mouth. He was gross, uncouth, but he had me dripping. He shoved me onto my knees in the alley. My knees scraped the bricks hard. His cock was out. He grabbed my head and guided me onto his dick. I sucked him in. I smelled his rawness. It was sweat, piss, 
whatever, I sucked his cock in that darkened alley. I put my hands around his 
hips and pulled him into me deeply.

"Damn bitch, you dig this don't you?" he chortled. I had no answer.

He then yanked me off him with a pop. I felt like a rag doll. He shoved me 
brutally over a recycle bin. In a second he'd ripped my panties off, I was 
naked. He tapped his cockhead over my slickness for only a moment before he 
started feeding it into me. Oh god, it felt good, being fucked so rudely like 
that. He bucked me wildly, like he was taming his mare. I held onto that garbage 
can for dear life. He smacked my ass while he drilled me, I was ecstatic. He was 
calling me a whore, a cunt, and I was, I was his whore, his cunt, at that 
moment. Finally he was too far gone. He pulled out of me quickly and spun me 
around. He forced me to the ground again, onto my now bloody knees. He grabbed 
me by the hair and just literally jammed his cock into my throat. He spasmed 
wildly and shot his cum deep into my mouth. I was choking, coughing as he was 
holding me firm and deep on him. Finally he relented and staggered back. He 
looked down at me. "Look at you, naked in a fucking alley, cum dribbling down 
your chin, what a fucking slut."


"Yes sir," I managed to choke out, his acrid cum now coating my throat.

"What a fucking slut," he repeated.

"Why didn't you cum in my pussy"? I wondered aloud.

"Because I don't want no fucking slut coming back telling me she's fucking 
pregnant, just because she wanted to get fucked in an alley," he said, teeth 
gritted.

God, he was treating me like shit and I was so totally hot I couldn't believe 
it. I wanted to cum, I needed to cum, I wanted to see if he was willing. I 
started to finger myself while I begged him.

"Come on, come here, suck my nipples, finger fuck me, something..." I begged, 'I 
NEED it."

"You have got to be fucking kidding me," he laughed incredulously. 

I continued, 'Please, I'll fuck you again, suck you, whatever, just come here, 
spank my ass, pull my nipples hard, pleaaaaaaaaase."

He began to walk away. "You are fucking crazy, bitch, look at you, naked in an 
alley, you are bleeding, you face is cummy." He hesitated for a minute.

I kept on strumming my pussy with my hand, I was lost in concentration, he moved 
up next to me. He started pinching my nipples hard. He told me what a slut I 
was. I closed my eyes, I didn't stop. He spanked my ass. I started to cum, he 
started smacking my face.

"You stupid slut, you fucking LIKE this," he said in drunken anger.

I came all over my hand. This triggered something in him. He began slapping my 
face repeatedly, hard. I tried to shield my face but when I did he slapped at my 
breasts.

"You goddamn whore, you get off on this shit," he slurred.

I tried to crawl away but he kicked me in my naked ass. He chased me down the 
alley, slapping and kicking at me. Finally I collapsed in a heap.

"Fucking stupid slut, stay down." He said, almost apologetically. He began to 
softly caress my shoulders. I didn't look at him. His hand found his way down my 
back, then to my naked ass. I could taste some blood on my lip own while his 
hands felt me up. He found my snatch with his fingers. 

"Unbelievable," he said, astonished. 

He was right, I was still wet, embarrassingly so. He began to circle his fingers 
on my clit. I ground back. His other hand found my nipple. He pulled on them, I 
was bucking into him by then. His tugs became pulls, and soon he was yanking my 
nipples out obscenely. I responded only with more moaning and grinding. He had 
gotten two of his thick fingers in me by the time I shuddered in spectacular 
release on his hand. He just shook his head in disbelief. He noticed some of my 
blood on his pants. He slapped me again across the face hard. 

"Bitch, you got blood on me."

He saw my pocketbock lying next to my dress. He rifled through it while I lay 
there, naked and sobbing. He took out the remaining 25 bucks I had. Thank 
goodness I'd left my purse in the car. 

"This ought to cover the dry cleaning," he snorted.

He took one more look at me.

"Unfucking believable," he said again. "I should go get my friends in the bar to 
all have a go with you," he said as he disappeared into the night. I never saw 
him again. I laid in the alley, sobbing. I have to admit, I waited. I laid in 
the alley, naked, my sundress laying on the ground while I waited to see if his 
friends would show. I walked through the lot naked, to my car. I still wonder 
what would've happened if he'd sent them back there. I've often fantasized about 
it. 

I've learned since that there are ways to find what I like without getting beat 
up first. That was one of my most dangerous adventures, for sure. It took me 
some times like that to learn, but, like I said, it's not always easy being 
Danger Girl.

I took a lesson from that, however. I found better places to find what I need 
and I've gotten it, many times over. Maybe I'll get my friends to give me a push 
to tell you about those times too. See ya! Danger Girl


Danger Girl Ch. 02 

Chapter 2: The Hike

{Part two of Danger Girl, part one isn't crucial to understanding this one but 
to understand her character it would certainly help. }

Hi it's Stephanie, a.k.a "Danger Girl" again. My friends asked me repeatedly to 
get off my "lazy slut ass" and write another adventure I've had from my past. 
Just a quick recap, I'm into rough sex, face slapping, hair pulling, "I'm going 
to take you just because I want to" kind of sex. I like being made to do things 
and I like being displayed. I find that fear and sex are completely entertwined 
with me. It all probably goes back to my childhood (read part one for the 
history). This adventure happened just after college.

It had been a long time since I'd had any sex in "that way". I think getting 
beaten up and used in the alley made me more cautious than I'd been. Even that 
episode though, makes me hot, thinking about what I was made to do. Therefore, 
the itch was building up, I was just having trouble finding someone to make it 
happen. At the time I had what everyone calls a "fuck buddy". We met at a coffee 
place. He was a bit of a hippy, a free spirit. He was quite funny and 
intelligent. He lacked the dominant, aggressive streak that I want in my fantasy 
man, though. What he did have was a nice big dick, this got me through the lean 
times! 

We were into hiking then, there was a state park that we'd hiked many times. 
There were many hiking trails and paths. The two major ones were on either side 
of a river. The river was quite rough and wide and there were only a couple of 
crossing points along a 8or 10 mile section that were safe. We had all the 
equipment, including GPS chips that we wore velcroed to our wrist like watches 
just so we would never lose our way, or each other. At the end of the trails 
there were mountain cabins in which we often stayed. You could hike to the cabin 
on one side of the river, stay the night, then hike back on the other. We did 
this a number of times. We were very familiar with the terrain as well as rest 
spots, ranger stations, water stops and scenic views. We even knew the times the 
rangers on their horses would sweep the trails at the end of the day, just 
before dark. Brad, my fuck buddy, was an excellent hiker but I always bragged I 
was better, he always got irritated by that.

This particular trip we had reserved a cabin and we were just into one of the 
parts where you could see across the river to the other trail. You'd often see 
hikers there and everyone would wave or give a thumbs up, in hiker camaraderie. 
As I've said, Brad isn't the dominant type, though I often tried to top him from 
the bottom, that is, at least have him tie me up, fuck me that way. It wasn't 
quite "my" thing, but without the real thing, I had to have something. So, with 
this in mind, I'd often carry things in my backpack that we could use at the 
cabin. This time I had my police style metal handcuffs along with a vibrator, a 
dildo a dog collar and I'd even come across some prisoner style shackles for my 
feet. I was fantasizing a 'bad cop/slutty prisoner" scenario for at the cabin. 

We were hitting the most open spot on the trail when we spotted 3 other hikers 
on the other side of the river. We waved, they waved back and yelled some 
encouragement. We worked our way up and down the trail, our bodies glistening 
with sweat, even when we hiked into the more wooded and shaded areas. Brad, even though not dominant, was still not dead. He loved walking behind me, which 
allowed him to see my firm ass sway. He whistled appreciatively.

"Phew, that is one fine ass you have there young lady."

"Stop," I chuckled, "we have miles and miles to go before you think about 
that.."

Just then we hiked to the top of a crest where our path snaked alongside the 
river at its lowest point. It was here we always stopped for water for our 
canteens. On the other side, a similar spot existed. Again, there were our three 
fellow hikers on the other side, filling their canteens as well. I hadn't 
noticed them but I was kneeling on the bank, leaning forward to the water when I 
heard another whistle. I was about to turn and smack Brad when I realized it was 
from across the river. I looked at the men who were ogling me. I was wearing 
short hiking shorts and a loose top which I'd tied in a knot at the waist, I had 
my sports bra on under, of course. It was light pink, so I wondered if they 
thought they were looking down my shirt and a bare chest.

"Nice view!" one of the men called out, the others laughed along with him.

I just smiled and gave them a fake 'tada' pose like a model. They whooped and 
hollered at that. Brad just laughed. We went on our way again. Brad was eyeing 
my ass again, I could feel it.

"See something you like, perv?" I said, turning and smirking.

"Oh yeah, and it's not just me either, you've got fans," Brad teased. "They are 
hiking right along with us, at our speed, they are either excellent hikers, or 
they are motivated to keep up," Brad joked. I understood his emphasis.

We were about to enter the sunniest part of our hike when Brad shocked me.

"You know what would be funny?..." he mused.

"What"?

"...if you flashed them when we hit the opening."

That surprised me. Brad hadn't been into my games much before. This hint of 
displaying me publicly actually made me tingle. I certainly wasn't against the 
idea.

"Are you going to?" he asked as we approached the last turn.

I said nothing and kept walking, right into the shining sun. The hikers weren't 
to that point yet. I was kind of disappointed. Brad was too. I could see him 
looking around for them. I didn't want to discourage this type of bold thought 
from him though so I took some initiative. I took my blouse off and handed it to 
him. I still had on my sports bra, of course, but it perked him nonetheless.

Suddenly, 'There they are!" Brad whispered, though loudly. The river was raging, 
it was hard to hear anything but it's roar. The three hikers were maybe 100 feet 
away, on the other side. We were climbing a rise on our side and I could almost 
feel the gaze of four men on my body as I ascended. When I got to the rise,I 
turned, Brad was lagging behind (as usual). Across the way the men were stopped 
now, facing me. I had that urge. They were looking. I peeled off my sports bra 
right in front of them and tossed it down to Brad. He had a big grin on his 
face. I turned and went back to hiking, topless, my soft tits swaying slightly 
with each step. I loved the feel of the coolness, I'm always jealous that men 
can take their shirts off any damned time they please! We walked another quarter 
of a mile or so, well within the view of the other hikers. I knew they were 
enjoying it, several times we could make out shouts across the way, though they 
were mostly drowned by the sound of the rushing water.

We made it to a stop point and sat down to drink, rest, and eat a little snack. 
Well, I made it there first and had to wait several minutes for Brad. He offered 
my sports bra back and I loved the smile on his face when I declined. He put it 
quickly back in his pack. I teased him again about being slow and his face 
reddened. We sat in wonderful wooded silence for awhile but I could see he was 
thinking about something. We started down a more shaded part of the trail. I 
could feel Brad's eyes on my tits and ass the whole time. I felt particularly 
naughty after my earlier display so I stopped, waited for him to catch up, then 
I peeled down my shorts and undies and handed them to him. His grin could barely 
be contained. I just had on my hiking shoes and some socks. I must've been quite 
a sight, walking naked in front of a man who was ogling me the whole time, with 
evil intent.

We were almost to another rise which would bring us into view of the other side 
again. When I reached the clearing I stopped. I let Brad catch up and I asked 
for my shorts, "Just for a minute," Brad, to my surprise, said no.

"I'm kind of liking this, go ahead," he said, urging me forward.

I had to admit I was liking the thought as well, I just wasn't expecting such an 
enthusiastic response from him. So I did it, I burst into the clearing, wearing 
only my shoes and socks. The river, though still deep and mighty at this point, 
was a little quieter. This time I could hear the men on the other side clearly, 
yes, they were there, they could see me. I heard, "Holy shit," and "Look at that 
slut!" I was getting wet, and not just from the exertion. We quickly disappeared 
down a darker trail again. This time we knew they'd keep up for sure. 

We stopped at our next rest point. From here on out it was a pretty straight 
shot, there were a few open places, like before, but mostly it was a straight 
path right to the cabin. There was one crossover between the river, less than a 
mile from the cabin. We were only about two miles from it. 

I "made" Brad rub some lubricant between my upper thighs, I wasn't used to 
walking without shorts you know! He allowed his fingers to slip over my pussy 
several times and admittedly I was wanting him to slide them into me at that 
point. He kept me on edge though. He teased his fingers all around but not 
actually in me. Then, he straightened. "Ok, so you are the better hiker, right?"

I laughed, "Of course I am."

"How much better?"

I chuckled. "I could probably outhike you with my hands tied behind my back." 
I'd used the old expression, with the double entendre, purposely.

"I really don't think so," he sniffed.

"Hell, I could probably do it with my legs shackled as well," I said, recalling 
my gear contents.

He sat down with a funny look on his face. Neither of us said anything. I had 
purposely, pridefully opened a door to an opportunity where neither of us were 
sure of the outcome.

He rose slowly and grabbed my pack. He pulled out the cuffs, then the shackles. 
I'm sure he saw how big my eyes got.

"So, you are saying, with these on, you can beat me to the cabin?"

The shackles were metal, but I'd added padding on the inside, being the 
innovative one. I'd replaced the chain with a simple metal cord, a springy one, 
like you find on some bike locks. I'd attached each end with a metal clip. This 
gave me only the ability to have my feet shoulder width apart at most. The 
handcuffs wouldn't slow me down, I knew that. I had to figure out how slow the 
shackles would make me.

"You have to give me a head start," I protested, "I mean, being bound like that, 
it's hardly fair."

"I agree, " he said, "how about 10 minutes?"

I laughed, "No fucking way, how about 30?" 

He thought for a moment, then appealed to my pride. "Ok, how about twenty 
minutes, being the hiking goddess, that should be a piece of cake." He got me, 
"Ok, " I said resolutely. He slipped the cuffs on me before I could change my 
mind. After he'd shackled me he added a twist I hadn't counted on. He'd cuffed 
me with my hands in front (the dummy), but, to counteract that he took a 
shoelace (hikers always carry extra) and tied it securely to the cuffs at one 
end, and the shackles at the other. This allowed my hands to only be able to get 
about chest high. He smacked me on my ass and sent me on my way. 

"Your time starts now, GO!" He yelled, as I shuffled off.

"Fuck," I thought, "why did I ever agree to this.?" Then I remembered, "oh yeah, 
I'm a prideful slut that likes being displayed and tied up." I chuckled to 
myself as I started to find a good rhythm. I started making good time, despite 
the handicap. I felt I should have no problem beating him to the cabin in these 
last couple miles.

Maybe it was the shock of the idea or maybe it was my subconscious but I'd 
sincerely forgotten about the other hikers. When I rounded to another open spot 
I stopped dead in my tracks. I saw the men on the other side, they'd reached the 
point before us, it was clear, they obviously had set up for a rest. Their packs 
were on the ground. I wondered if they were waiting for me. I was behind a clump 
of trees. I knew I couldn't hesitate too long, Brad was behind me. I was naked, 
bound like a prisoner slut in my own fantasy. I decided to go off the path. I 
bolted through the woods and tried to avoid the openness of the path. I knew 
this part of the trail well, there was another path that met up with the main 
trail later, it was no longer, I just had to cross some natural brush to get 
there. It was a mistake. No sooner than I'd gotten into it I regretted it. I 
felt branches slash at my sides, at my tits, across my face. It was like getting 
whipped with a switch. I couldn't block my face since my arms only went so high. 
I struggled through for awhile but I finally made it to the parallel path. I was 
getting scratched up, mauled by the brush. Then, to make matters worse, as I 
tried to get myself back up the small ravine, to the path, my shackles became 
stuck. It took me a few minutes to get all untangled before I stumbled back onto 
the path. I had scratches all over me, I was bleeding slightly from some of 
them. 

I hurried down the path the best I could, I tried to make up time. I realized 
that I had another problem. The hikers on the other side were going to reach the 
crossover before me if I didn't beat them to it. To my advantage though, their 
trail was longer, they had more bends and it was hillier. Even in my current 
state I felt I could easily get past the crossover, and basically 'sprint' to 
the cabin.

I reached another opening, "Fuck it," I thought, I'm not slowing down. I made up 
my mind that modesty wasn't worth the pain again. The men were keeping up. They were beside themselves. I could hear every word now, none of them were 
complimentary. It was a game, it had been ever since I'd shown them my tits. 
They were on the hunt, I was their prey, it was as simple as that. 

Brad and I hadn't even considered what they'd do if they met up with us. It was 
odd. Here I am, Danger Girl, this is the type of risky thing I totally get off 
on, yet, here I'd come upon this unintentionally, playing what I thought was 
another game. Had I not been so scared at this point I'd have been totally 
fucking hot (in hindsight, I still get hot thinking about it all). I heard their 
calls, they were like baying hounds, it was like, "we're coming to get you, you 
can't escape."

I stumbled back into some cover along the trail. I was still making good time 
but now my legs were starting to hurt, they weren't used to walking/trotting 
this way. My wrists and ankles were sore. The sweat from the hike was making 
them chafe. My inner thighs were rubbing. Brad had concentrated his fingers too 
much near my pussy and not enough in the 'hot spot' where my thighs were being 
rubbed raw. 

I was flying now, or so it felt. I was nearly to the crossover. The sun was 
going down, it was becoming cooler, my nipples were showing it. Suddenly, to my 
horror I heard horse steps coming behind me. It was the ranger, they do a trail 
sweep just before dark. "Shit!" I thought. I quickly dove off the path and 
slithered under some bushes. It only mauled me worse, I could feel my nipples as 
they dragged over some rough bark. I hid. No doubt it was the ranger we always 
derisively called, "Ranger Rick," because he seemed so upright and 'Dudley 
Do-right-ish". I let his horse pass and held my breath, I didn't have time, nor 
the ability to cover up fully, I knew I could be seen, if someone was actually 
looking. For some reason he did stop, and brought the horse to a slow pacing 
walk as he approached me. He must be looking around, I thought, as he'd been 
doing before, but I was terrified that he'd spot me or had already. Then, he 
picked the horse back up into a trot and disappeared down the trail. I hadn't 
seen that he'd picked up a rider. 

I was frantic now, I'd lost some time. I hustled back onto the path and busted 
my naked ass trying to get past the crossover. I actually thought about turning 
back, thinking that Brad was the only thing behind me now, but I guess my pride 
and again, perhaps my subconscious desires, kept me from doing the safe thing. I 
eased up to the crossover, there was no sign of the hikers. I hopped past and 
continued on my way. I could see lights as the path wound down the river at this 
point. I was close, the lights were the lights of the cabins. I had another 
curve then one straight shot to go. I was heading around the curve (again, 
thinking about what a sight I must've been, naked, bound,and scratched up). 

Suddenly, I heard horse footsteps again. It was Ranger Rick, he was heading back 
my way. I threw myself into the bushes and felt branches poke me mercilessly, 
one nearly impaling me up my naked backside. He no sooner passed than I was back on the trail, shuffling at top speed. My heart was racing enough, but to further 
motivate me I heard voices behind me, it was the hikers, perhaps talking to 
Ranger Rick. I was nearly there, I made the corner, the cabin was no more than 
100 yards. I half shuffled, half ran, stiff legged, towards my goal. I was 
nearly there when I tripped in my haste. I scuffed myself up pretty good there, 
my tits especially, wore those scrapes for some time. I was bloody, muddy, sore 
and tired when I staggered to my feet. I was about ten yards from the property 
line when I looked up and saw Brad, sitting comfortably at the picnic table, 
wearing an unusual grin. My hesitation cost me. I was suddenly run down from 
behind. It was Ranger Rick. He swooped in past me, his horse between me and 
Brad. He just looked at Brad and nodded knowingly. It was a set up. He then 
approached me.

"Looks like you are in a fix, young lady," he said with a smirk.

"I...I...I...Brad, tell him, tell him what..." I whined.

"Tell him what, what a great hiker you are?" He laughed.

"Brad!" I screamed.

"Miss, I can't have you disturbing our park and walking around in a most obscene 
way." He said menacingly. I fell to my knees in exhaustion and pity.

"Oh god," I whimpered.

Once again, he nodded at Brad and then came closer. He cut the lace that was 
holding the cuffs and shackles together. I was beside myself, what was he going 
to do, arrest me, fuck me, what?" He produced the cuff key and first opened 
them, releasing my wrists, only to clip them together again behind me (as I have 
always preferred, I mean if you are going to use me, make me helpless!) He took 
off the shackles (thank god, my ankles were beet red by now). He turned me 
around, facing back down the trail I just came. "What the fuck," I thought, why 
doesn't Brad do something. Later, I knew why, this is his way of making me pay 
for questioning his manhood. I felt a sharp sting on my ass. The ranger had 
whipped me with my own flogger. He was coaxing me forward.

Reluctantly, I resumed walking back down the path I'd just come. The ranger, 
leading me, his naked, bound woman, into the woods, whipping me all the way. . I 
hadn't walked 50 yards around that last bend, when I saw the hikers. They were 
waiting in a clearing. I was being led to a slaughter. I heard them whooping it 
up as I approached. It was nearly dark now, the clearing was off the trail but 
it was illuminated by a propane lamp. There was a picnic table in the center, I 
recognized this as the banquet area people use during the day. Rick marched me 
up through the men, right to the table.

"That's far enough, slut." He said, making me juicy.

This is what I live for, this risky, dangerous sex business. Now here I was, 
after more than a year of doing without, I was going to have to pay for my 
daring in god knows what ways. I felt a hand push me over the end of the bench. 
My ass was on display. The men were jeering now.

"Di you hink you could outrun us you little bitch?" "Think you could tease some 
men and then run to safety?" "Did you ever think about what might happen if we 
caught you"?

"No!" I whined, lying through my teeth. It was what I hoped, what I desired, 
what I had to have, even though I'd stumbled upon it by accident this time.


I felt someone's hand smack my bottom hard. Again and again it assailed my 
already bruised and scratched butt. He was reddening it good and it had another 
noticeable effect that even he noticed.

"Goddamn man, this bitch is wet! You can hear the squishing, this cunt is wet 
from all this" I felt shame burn into me as the other men approached and took 
notice.

"God, that dude was right, this chick is a freak!" Said one of the hikers, 
obviously referring to Brad. Then it hit me, he'd set this all up, on account of 
my pride, I'd let him set me up to be used. I'd seen the GPS thingy on Ranger 
Rick's wrist, he'd gottten in from Brad, that is how he knew exactly where I 
was. He was a little more devilish than I gave him credit for. I took stock of 
my situation. I was in a clearing, my hands cuffed behind me, bent over a picnic 
table getting my ass reddened by a big red haired hiker. Two others, one short, 
the other one slightly overweight were watching. Rick had disappeared into the 
shadows, he was nowhere to be seen. 

"I'm fucking this cunt," said 'Red". There was no ceremony, though none was 
needed, I was a fuck slut, and he was there to fuck me. He slid his fat dick 
into my pussy. It pierced me with ease. He used one of his meaty hands to hold 
my back and he smacked my ass with the other. He hollered out, like a rodeo 
rider and the others laughed. Their laughs were tense though. I knew they were 
taking it in, waiting for their turn with the slut. Red rode me hard, fucking my 
pussy then withdrawing, with an embarrassing "pop" each time, they could hear 
how wet I was. When he wasn't slapping my ass he was probing my asshole with his thumb. I couldn't help it, I love it, don't you see? Being helpless, used like 
this, I was in heaven, and I was theirs to take. I could feel Red building up.

"Why fellas, I KNOW this one's a sow!" he sneered, using the line from 
Deliverance. They laughed again tensely. He'd hit my ass enough, finally he just 
held my hips and drove his fat cock into me. He poured his hot sticky fluid into 
me with a yell. He slid out of me just as quickly, smacked me on my ass as his 
juice started its slide down my legs. The thick guy stepped in, they called him 
Scotty. He dragged me around and shoved me to my knees. 

"I don't want sloppy seconds," he said as he yanked my head towards his sweaty 
cock. I had no choice, I engulfed him. I did my best there, on my knees, to 
service his cock with my mouth without being able to use my hands. In the 
meantime, Red had found a toy. He'd returned with a switch he'd made from a thin 
willow. He was striping my ass with it as I fellated his friend. I was already 
scratched up enough but I'm sure he cared not about the soreness of the slut in 
front of him. He definitely 'motivated' me and I gave Scotty a blowjob he'll 
always remember. He had a small dick, which surprised me, for such a thick guy, 
but I was grateful because he jammed that sucker as deep as it could go when he 
spurted his seed into me. He pulled off with me coughing up his cum. They all 
made fun of me.

"Look at you, tied up, on your knees, cum dripping from your pussy and your 
face, what a fucking slut!" "I'll bet you are still hot too," They were right, 
Red's hands found my pussy. It nearly soaked him. "Fuck," he said, with 
disbelief. He took the switch end and shoved it up my pussy. I gasped at its 
roughness. He pulled it out just as quickly and positioned it at my asshole. I 
wriggled to avoid it but he skewered me with it. He basically used it as a guide 
to steer me over to his buddy in waiting. It slid out thankfully as the next man 
in line got to me.

Chuck was next, he stepped up to the plate. I was expecting to get my ass 
filled, especially after Red opened me up there but Chuck had no qualms about 
sloppy seconds, himself. He pushed me onto my back on the grass, pinning my 
hands under me uncomfortably and mounted my pussy like that. His dick was longer and leaner, I could feel it touch places Brad hadn't. As I took this third dick, 
I thought of Brad, where was he, was he watching, I cursed him for setting me 
up, but in my heart I knew I should thank him. I mean he knew of my dark 
desires, but to plan this? The incredible shock probably just made it more 
intense. Chuck drilled me while the men chanted, "Fuck that bitch, fuck that 
bitch!" It fired Chuck up so much that I urged him on.

"Cmon, fuck this bitch, fuck this little whore, fuck my cunt good you bastard," 
I panted. He responded in the way I love, he slapped my fucking face hard.

"Shut the fuck up, cunt, I'll fuck you how I want to fuck you," he grunted as my 
face reddened, not only from the blow. I was grinding back into him hard now, he 
was ready. He took his cock out though, surprisingly and spurted all over my 
stomach, tits, and even some got up into my face, he was so turned on. 

Red came back. He jerked me up by my hair and tossed me back over the picnic 
bench. The scene had got him hard again. His earlier teasings told me what he 
wanted now and I'm sure I wanted it as much as he did. He was going to ass rape 
me. He used my own wetness against me, he made my hole slick with it. He worked his way into me without resistance. I only heard appreciate murmurs now as Red drilled me at his leisure. He was much slower this time, obviously savoring the moment. But, as he approached his glory the intensity grew. It became deeper, 
and rougher, like I wanted it, like I craved it, this was all for me. Finally, 
he filled my eager ass, I could feel its heat inside me. He laid against me for 
a moment. He was collecting himself.

"Fuck..you fucking slut, that was incredible," he said, making me fill with 
pride, even though I'm sure that's not what he intended. 

They left me there on the ground as they made small talk with Ranger Rick, who'd 
now approached out of the shadows. The hikers soon disappeared into the 
darkness. Rick approached me, walking beside his horse. He looked down at my 
shape, illuminated by the lamp. I was a mess. There was mud all over me, I was 
scratched up something fierce, my ass was red with switch marks. My tits were 
red and raw, mostly from the underbrush, I was covered and filled with cum. He 
just shook his head. He uncuffed me. He put me on his horse, turned off the lamp 
and climbed on as well. He pulled my arms around his waist, signaling me to hang 
on. He galloped off with this naked slut in tow. I was in a fog by now, it was 
trancelike. I barely noticed us pulling up to our cabin. Brad was nowhere to be 
found. In fact, I never saw Brad again, I think he'd had enough of my teasing 
his manhood and, no doubt he realized what I really was like and decided it 
wasn't for him, oh well. 

I found myself pushed towards the door. I stumbled, everything was sore, from 
the ridiculous hike to the rough sex, It was like a marathon. I opened the door. 
Rick pushed me forward. I collapsed on the bed. I must've totally been out 
because the next thing I knew Rick was above me, on his knees on the bed. He'd 
cuffed my hands above me to the rung in the bedpost. I was still naked, he was 
naked from the waist up.

"I have the rest of the night off little darling," he said with an evil grin. I 
saw my flogger in his hand. I felt it rip at the flesh in my tit at nearly the 
same time. "I have to warn you though, slut, out of the men tonight, I'm 
definitely not the nice one," he said, making my heart skip. "And you don't know 
how lonely it gets out here sometimes...and the nights can be so long," he 
chuckled. "Oh, and Red and the boys are in the next cabin tonight, they said to 
send you on over if I tire of you. You won't be sleeping on this night. He 
wasn't kidding, it was a long night indeed. Even thinking about it makes me 
smile, to this day. 









