Bela is curled up on the couch chewing on a croissant and reading the New York Times when Sam finally emerges from his room. She glances up at him and arches her eyebrow. “Well, don’t you look chipper.”

Sam knows perfectly well how he looks—dark smudges of exhaustion under his eyes, his lips pressed thin and pale with the throbbing in his head, his hair limp with sweat because he hasn’t been able to muster up the energy to shower. So yeah, he looks like crap, but that doesn’t mean he wants to hear about it.

“Fuck off, Bela,” he mutters, heading straight over to the silver serving cart set up by the window. There’s an appealing aroma of coffee coming from the thermos, and the day will look a whole lot better once he has some caffeine in him.

“Ooo,” Bela says from behind him. “Do you kiss your mother with that mouth? Oh wait. You can’t, can you?”

Sam pauses at her words. Glances over his shoulder at her as he starts to pour out a cup of coffee. He isn’t angry. He’s too tired to be angry, and he never really knew his mother in the first place. Her loss, which hit Dad and Dean so hard, is just a fact of life for Sam. The sky is blue, ice cream is cold, Mom is dead.

No, what he feels is surprise. Bela is an amoral bitch, not to mention a sociopath, but this … well, coming from her it just seems tacky. It’s too obvious: the type of barb a seven-year-old might throw.

Her expression is mocking enough as she watches him, but Sam has learned from his brother how to read eyes, and Bela’s give her away. They’re cautious: assessing.

“Just ask,” he says, raising the mug to his lips.

The coffee is as good as he hoped: rich and dark. Despite Dean’s teasing about his girly taste in, well, everything, Sam has always taken his morning cup black. Unlike his brother, who has a sweet tooth the size of Los Angeles and routinely dumps so much sugar into his coffee that Sam’s teeth ache just watching him. As he looks down at the untouched sugar bowl on the tray, his mug shakes slightly in his hand.

“Ask what?” Bela says. Her voice is light with disingenuous confusion.

“Whatever it is you’re trying to find out,” Sam answers, tearing his eyes away from the sugar and his thoughts away from his brother’s panicked screams. One of the covered plates next to the coffee pot is piled with bacon and he grabs a few strips. “Or you could keep running your mouth off about shit you don’t understand. Your choice.”

His last few words come out garbled by the bacon he pops into his mouth, but he figures that she gets the general gist. As he makes himself a plate, piling on eggs and more bacon and pancakes and some freshly diced fruit, she’s silent.

Sam isn’t usually very hungry in the morning, but suddenly he feels ravenous. His headache is dying down, too: dropping to a dull throb at both temples. From the depth of the ache in his stomach, he figures that has more to do with the bacon he ate than the pain pills he popped before he left his room.

Just another side effect of his Jean Grey impression.

“You aren’t actually going to eat all that, are you?” Bela asks when he carries his breakfast—two plates in the end, and both stacked almost ludicrously full—over to the bar.

Sam is struck by a disorienting surge of déjà vu. He asked Dean the same thing countless times, amazed by the sheer amount of food his brother could put away. Of all the times he has teased Dean about his bottomless stomach, his mind focuses on the last, less than a week before Dean ‘died’ in the fire. They were having lunch in some rundown café—Dean with a bacon cheeseburger, a bowl of chili, and a double order of fries in front of him—and Sam pulled the familiar question out, hoping for a smile.

Dean looked at him with a flat expression and said tonelessly that he was eating for two.

Sitting down with his back to Bela, Sam pokes at his eggs with his fork. Suddenly, he isn’t very hungry anymore.

After a few minutes, Bela says, “You have an appointment with Vincent at noon.”

Sam is about to ask what for and then he remembers asking for a tour when Bela introduced them. Her behavior instantly makes a hell of a lot more sense.

“You were checking to see if I could hold my temper,” Sam says without turning around. “What were you going to do if I started throwing punches?”

“Call and tell him you were too hung over to walk straight,” Bela answers smoothly. As Sam forces himself to swallow a forkful of eggs, he hears the telltale squeak of leather as she shifts on the couch. “You do look a complete wreck, Sam. And it’s not like you’re the picture of self-restraint even when you’re operating at full capacity.”

“What can I say? You bring out the best in me.” His stomach rumbles as he continues to poke at his eggs, reminding him that however he’s feeling emotionally, his body is in desperate need of nourishment. Using his power burned through his energy reserves the same way running a marathon would, and it’s been a while since he ate anything substantial and kept it down.

“Or maybe you just take after your father,” Bela suggests. “John Winchester had quite a nasty reputation among you hunters, you know.”

Sam tightens his grip on his fork.

“Have you ever asked Ellen Harvelle how her husband died?”

Sam swivels in his chair and finds Bela watching him with one arm tossed over the back of the couch. He gives her a tight smile and says, “Stop fishing.”

Bela’s answering smile is as bright and false as a mannequin’s. “I’m just making conversation.”

It’s such a patent lie that there’s no point in responding. Swiveling back around, he forces himself to start eating. She leaves him in silence for a few minutes and then he hears her getting off the couch. A moment later, he can sense her standing at his elbow.

Pushing the piece of pancake he’s chewing to one side of his mouth, Sam glances up at her and mutters, “What do you want?”

Bela holds out a glass of orange juice with one hand and two small objects with the other. It takes Sam a moment to recognize the Protean charms because the way she’s holding them makes him think of Dean bringing him aspirin after one of his head splitting visions.

“Yeah?” he prods when she doesn’t say anything.

Bela shakes the hand holding the Protean charms. “You have to swallow them.”

Sam stares at her, nonplussed. Bela doesn’t seem like the type to go in for practical jokes, but there’s no way she can be serious. When she continues to hold out both glass and charms, he realizes that she is serious and shakes his head with a laugh.

Just when he thought his life couldn’t get any weirder, he’s supposed to down a pair of cufflinks.

“I’m not swallowing those,” he says, and then stuffs his last forkful of egg into his mouth.

“Don’t be childish, Sam.”

Sam huffs out a breath and drops his fork. “Why the hell can’t I just wear them in my jacket? It seemed to work fine before.”

“Because,” Bela says in a tight, annoyed voice, “You behaved like a complete moron the other night and all but invited Hank Mason to a round of fisticuffs. And if you go there today, he’ll want to take you up on it, and you won’t be able to tell him no, will you?”

She had a point there. Even if Sam could think up a logical excuse not to fight, he wouldn’t use it. Not after what he saw Hank do to his brother in the dream.

Bela cocks her head. “Tell me, Sam, do you normally fight in a suit?”

Well, shit.

Eyeing the charms, he hedges, “Isn’t there some other way to—”

“They have to be in close proximity with your body. If you’d rather shove them up your ass, feel free. It’s all the same to me.”

Privately, Sam thinks that Bela’s being a little dramatic. There has to be another foolproof way to keep the charms with him. Nothing he can come up with right now, of course, but if he can just have a little time to think about it—

“Just swallow the damned charms,” Bela snaps.

“Fine.”

Sam grabs them from her before he can consider how much they’re going to hurt coming out the other end. Popping them into his mouth—metallic tang, like blood—he drains the glass of juice at one go. His brain reminds him that he’s trying to swallow hunks of metal at the wrong moment and the charms stick halfway down his throat. Grimacing, he chases the juice with the rest of his coffee and then drops his head with a grunt of relief as the painful lump slides the rest of the way down.

“There, that wasn’t so bad, was it?” Bela coos.

“I hate you,” Sam mutters while staring at his half-demolished breakfast. Dean owes him big for this.

“Mmm. It’s always so nice to feel wanted,” she replies and then, changing the subject: “Have you heard from Soot yet?”

“Ash,” Sam corrects.

“Whatever.”

“Ash,” Sam repeats more firmly. “He’s the one who’s making a rescue attempt possible; you can at least make an effort to get his name right.” Actually, when he puts it like that, Sam is going to owe Ash big time when this is over.

Bela rolls her eyes but says, “Fine. Have you heard from Ash yet?”

“He e-mailed me a few hours ago. Said he has his foot in the door, but there’s a lot of information to sort through. He’ll have something for us by tonight.”

“Good.” Bela gives a short laugh. “I have to admit, I’ll be relieved when this is over. Another minute and Vincent would have strolled out from his post-coital shower and caught me red handed.”

She looks genuinely nervous just thinking about it, and Sam isn’t surprised. When he considers what he knows of Vincent Camargo, it’s a fair assumption that death would be the best Bela could hope for if he had found her with her hand in the proverbial cookie jar. He doesn’t feel sorry for her. She lost the right to his compassion when she cashed Vincent’s check.

“Do I look like I want to hear the sordid details of your sex life?” he asks, and sets about clearing his second plate.

Bela is still and silent beside him; he can feel her eyes on him. Finally, she says in a soft, hesitant voice, “I am trying to help here, Sam. Like I told you, I’m not the enemy.”

“No, you just work for them,” Sam grunts.

She watches him eat for a while longer, maybe hoping he’ll soften and throw her a bone, but she’s easy to ignore. Eventually, while he’s working his way through a short stack of pancakes, she gets the picture and slinks away.

Two hours later, Sam is showered and shaved and on his way back to the Arena.
*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~
Turns out that Vincent actually invited him for lunch and a tour. An elderly, clean-shaven man leads him to a room on the ground level of the Arena and leaves him there to wait.

If this is part of Vincent’s private quarters—and Sam’s almost certain that it is—then the man must have the Smithsonian’s curator for an interior decorator. Instead of photographs or pieces of art, there are artifacts hanging on the walls: Norse in origin, Sam thinks. Through the room’s three large windows, he catches glimpses of a garden that must cost a small fortune to keep watered out here in the desert. The furniture—couch and divan and coffee table and massive oak bookcase—make the lavish pieces in Dean’s room look like thrift store rejects.

Sam has a distant memory of Dean taking him to the American History Museum when Sam was five and they were in D.C. Dean probably decided on the Smithsonian because it was free, and therefore the cheapest form of distraction he could come up with, but once they were inside he was as caught up with all of the exhibits as Sam. He’d been so absorbed, in fact, that he didn’t notice Sam beginning to tire, and while his brother was busy staring at a bayonet from the Revolutionary War, Sam finally decided to take matters into his own hands.

The wooden bench set up a few exhibits away didn’t look terribly comfortable, but it was better than the floor. The alarms that went off when he ducked under the rope and sat down on it startled about two years off of his life. Worse had been Dean’s furious shouts—gotta ruin everything, now they’ll never let us back in—as he pulled Sam down the stairs and out the front door.

Vincent’s couch looks a thousand times more valuable than that wooden bench, but Sam can’t help connecting the two in his mind anyway. It’s silly, but he can’t shake the feeling that if he tries sitting down a shrill klaxon will sound and someone will be sent to escort him outside.

Instead of sitting, he moves in a slow circle around the room, examining Vincent’s collection of Norse artifacts. He pauses at a shelf filled with figurines, leaning in for a closer look. The statue that caught his eye sits in the middle of the shelf, and it doesn’t match the rest of the décor: too modern, too stylized. He recognizes the hand of the unknown artist who designed both the tattoo on Dean’s back and the bedroom door in his brother’s suite.

Sam became an expert on Norse mythology two years ago as he searched for a way to get the wolf out of his brother, but even before Dean picked him up from Stanford he would have recognized the event the statue depicts. Anyone with even a nodding acquaintance with world mythology would recognize it.

The tree is skeletal and twisting: all boles and clawing branches. There’s a rope slung over the largest branch, and dangling at the end of it is a bearded, one-eyed man. He hangs from his ankle, both hands crossed over his chest in the attitude of an embalmed corpse.

“Odin Allfather,” Vincent says from behind him.

Sam jumps—he was too absorbed in the statue to hear the man come in—and then forces a stiff smile on his lips. “Hanging from Yggdrasill,” he says.

“Correct.” Vincent moves up next to him, wearing a salmon pink suit and smoking a cigarette. He gestures with it and asks, “Do you mind?”

The smell of smoke makes Sam sick—reminds him too strongly of fires—but he shakes his head.

“Good. It’s a nasty habit, but I can’t seem to break myself of it.” When Vincent exhales, a stream of smoke rushes out to surround the statue of Odin in a dirty cloud. Nodding at the piece, he says, “What do you think of it?”

“It’s beautiful,” Sam answers honestly. “A little morbid, but beautiful.”

“Well, I’m not sure I like being called morbid, but I appreciate the sentiment.”

Sam glances over in startlement. “You carved it?”

“Mmm. Art is a hobby of mine.”

Vincent squints at the statue with a slight frown, maybe seeing the invisible flaws that any artist will inevitably find in his own work, maybe thinking of something else entirely. Sam doesn’t know the man well enough to say: doesn’t want to know him. But if he wants his tour, then he needs to play nice. Besides, if he’s careful and just a little bit lucky, he might be able to come out of this meeting with some useful information.

“Why Norse mythology, if you don’t mind me asking? I mean, Odin … Fenrir …”

“Ah yes, our Fenrir,” Vincent murmurs.

Sam’s gut clenches with a surge of anger at the possessiveness in the man’s voice, but his bites the inside of his cheek and manages to keep his face schooled in an expression of pleasant interest.

Giving him a warm smile, Vincent gestures toward a set of French doors in the far wall. “Why don’t you step into the dining room with me? I’ll give you the entire story over lunch, and then you can have your tour, if that’s agreeable?”

“Perfect,” Sam answers.
*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~
Lunch is lobster bisque and roast beef and portabella sandwiches with a glass of red wine. Sam lets Vincent steer their conversation along inconsequential paths through most of the meal and then, when things appear to be winding down, reminds him, “You were going to tell me about your fascination with Norse mythology.”

“I was, wasn’t I?” Vincent blots his lips with a napkin and then lays it on the table. “It isn’t a terribly interesting story, I’m afraid. I took a class on comparative religions in college to fulfill my social science requirement. I’m not a particularly religious man, and I expected to be bored out of my mind, but as you can see, I was pleasantly surprised.”

Leaning back in his chair, he lists, “Thor and his hammer; the Well of Mimir; Odin’s twin ravens, Hugin and Munin; and, of course, Loki’s fiercest offspring.”

“Fenrisulfr,” Sam says, giving the great wolf its full name.

One side of Vincent’s mouth lifts in a smile. “Even so. I was particularly taken with the tale of Fenrir’s binding, and with the berserkergang. It took years of study before I realized that the two were connected. It’s enough to fire the mind, isn’t it? Man melded with beast to form a primal, vicious whole. Violence incarnate.” He lets out a small laugh and then adds, “Imagine my astonishment when I learned that the tales were true.”

Sam’s heart picks up speed. He’s been wondering about this ever since he learned who took Dean … and why. “How did you find him?” he asks.

Arching one eyebrow, Vincent says, “The Fenrir? Oddest coincidence: I passed him on the street one day. This must have been, oh, three years ago now. He was wearing something around his neck—a kind of sigil.”

The amulet, Sam thinks. His blood goes cold at the idea of Dean walking around with what amounted to a billboard hanging around his neck: at the thought of Vincent seeing him, maybe offering one of his civilized smiles and getting an absent, answering nod in return.

“I thought it couldn’t be possible at first,” Vincent continues. “But I found that I couldn’t get him out of my head. Money, of course, was no problem, so I hired an investigator to find the young man and set my mind at ease. I was almost sure that it would come to nothing, but … well, here we are.”

He fishes another cigarette out from his jacket pocket and lights it. Leans back in his chair and exhales a thin line of smoke with his eyes mostly shut in enjoyment.

Sam’s thankful for the man’s distraction. He suspects that his own smile is turning a little hard—he can feel the muscles around his mouth going stiff—but Vincent is too absorbed in his post-lunch fix to notice. He won’t stay that way for long, though, which means that it’s time for Sam to shift the conversation away from Dean specifically and move into slightly safer waters.

“Why just one?” he asks.

Vincent’s eyes are as shrewd as ever when he opens them to look at Sam. “Why not two, you mean? Or three or four?”

Sam nods and Vincent smiles slightly, putting his cigarette out on the edge of his plate and gesturing for the wait staff to come clear the table.

“I tried,” he answers. “Things … didn’t go as I planned. I had to discontinue the attempt. No, our Fenrir is unique and likely will stay that way. There was one other, but I took too long to act and he died before I could safely collect him.”

He’s talking about Dad, Sam thinks with a shock. It doesn’t seem possible that Vincent can sit over there and talk so casually about enslaving all of the family that Sam has—everyone he loves—without batting an eye.

“Too bad,” he says, and his voice doesn’t sound too strained. “That would’ve been something to see.”

“Indeed,” Vincent agrees, taking a final sip of his wine before allowing the glass to be taken away. “I found something that works just as well, however. You’ll have a chance to see for yourself tonight.”

Sam hasn’t forgotten that Dean is supposed to be back in the ring tonight, but … well, he hasn’t exactly been thinking about it either. Despite the cold dread in his stomach, he manages a weak smile and a nod that feels as stiff and real as a cardboard cutout.

Luckily, Vincent isn’t paying any attention to him. He’s speaking in low tones with one of his staff, and by the time he turns back, Sam has himself under control again.

“Ready for your tour?”
*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~
The Arena is even larger than Sam thought. According to Vincent, there are twelve subterranean levels which house close to five hundred people. At any given time, only twenty percent of that number is made up of Vincent’s gladiatorial stable: a percentage he carefully maintains due to the dangerous nature of most of his fighters.

On their way to an elevator on the opposite side of the estate from the one Sam has been using, Vincent says, ‘When you’re housing the most vicious dregs of the world’s society, you can’t afford to be too careful.’ Looks like Dean was right on that count, then: not that it makes Sam any more comfortable with the killing. When it comes down to it, he doesn’t think it makes any difference to Dean either, no matter what his brother claims.

The rest of the Arena’s inhabitants are members of Vincent’s staff: one hundred and twenty ‘security specialists’, a hundred and thirty on the maintenance crew, a catering staff of sixty seven, twenty men and twenty women on the ‘entertainment’ staff, and all the requisite medical and training personnel necessary to keep the gladiators in fighting shape.

The first two floors are mostly devoted to the living quarters for what Sam has mentally dubbed the non-combatants: cleaning crew, wait staff, butlers, chefs, mechanics, computer specialists. The third level holds the massive kitchen and spacious cafeteria needed to feed so many people. It also houses most of the heavy machinery—boilers, water-filtration systems—that are needed for the rooms above. The fourth floor is nothing more than a fancy storage facility: a series of computerized bins filled with anything from food to spare socks to medical supplies. There’s even a walk-in freezer that’s roughly the same size as a baseball diamond.

The Arena proper is a split-level room that bridges two floors, with the balcony on the fifth and the fighting cage itself on the sixth. The rest of the fifth level is dedicated to the ‘pleasure suites’ and is home to Vincent’s entertainment staff. Which makes Sam wonder just what’s behind all of those mahogany double doors on the same level as Dean’s guest suite.

Below those rooms, and taking up the rest of the sixth floor, are an Olympic-sized indoor swimming pool and track.

“We have a fitness center on the seventh sublevel,” Vincent announces as he crouches by the side of the pool with one hand trailing in the water. “But I wanted to encourage good cardiovascular health and there wasn’t room to put everything on the same floor.” He nods toward a pair of opaque sliding doors at the other end of the immense room. “Would you like a closer look at the cage?”

No. No, he really wouldn’t. It’s only going to upset him and it won’t be at all helpful in getting Dean out. But Simon Carver would jump at this kind of opportunity, so Sam forces himself to look eager and answers, “Yes.”

The sliding doors fold into the wall at the touch of a button and he’s surprised to find himself looking at an elevator car. “How many elevators do you have in this place?” he asks.

“Just the three,” Vincent tells him as they both step inside the car. “This one is specifically used to shuttle the fighters. It’s the only elevator in the building that goes all the way down to the twelfth floor, and the only one that doesn’t rise any higher than this. Safety precaution.”

The doors close behind them, and for a few moments Sam is too close to the man. Riding between floors in the second elevator was bad enough, but this is a hundred times worse: shut inside a small, unmoving box with the man he hates even more than the yellow-eyed demon. The demon, at least, had nature as an excuse: Vincent’s human. He’s not supposed to be one of the monsters.

Sam feels trapped suddenly: cornered. He stares at the back of Vincent’s head and the urge to reach into that slowly blossoming place in his mind and try to crush the man against the metal walls is almost unbearable. He can feel it responding to him, cool and dark and soothing, and then the opposite side of the car slides open with a soft whirring sound and Vincent steps out.

Sam closes his eyes for a moment, praying for control, and then follows.

A cleaning crew is hard at work in the cage, wiping down the mesh and mopping the mat. The overheads have been turned on, glaring down and illuminating everything in harsh lights so that Vincent’s men can see what they’re doing. Even from the elevator door, Sam can see the blood stains on both the cage’s mat and the cement floor around it. Two shining, silver lines have been set into the floor and form an unbroken path from the elevator to the cage’s entrance.

Sam takes a deep breath and it’s a mistake. The lemon of whatever they’re using to clean is strong on the air, but underneath that smell there’s a reek of copper and the piss-soaked scent of death that no amount of disinfectant is going to remove. Taking shallower breaths through his mouth, Sam steps out of the elevator and after Vincent.

“Triage,” Vincent says, gesturing to a first aid station tucked into a corner where none of the audience would be able to see it even if the lower staging area were lit during the fights. When Sam turns his head, he sees that the opposite wall is lined with weapons: props for Vincent’s gladiators. And in the center of the wall, like the centerpiece of an altar to violence, are the metal collar and chain leads that Dean wears into the ring.

When Sam tears his eyes away, Vincent is watching him with a knowing smile. “Yes, those belong to the Fenrir,” he says. “It’s strictly for show, obviously. You’ve seen for yourself that he’s quite tame. We keep them up here and fit him just before the match; he isn’t fond of restraints.”

Of course he isn’t. Not after he woke naked and chained in place. Not when he was held immobile while the lock holding his sanity—his soul—in place was ripped away.

But Sam just nods and says, “Few men are,” and then they’re at the cage.

Sam is already closer than he wants to be—close enough that he can taste that stench of blood and death on the back of his tongue—but he buries himself in Simon Carver’s thoughts and hooks his fingers into the chain mesh. Leaning closer, he peers inside with what he hopes is an expression of fascination.

“Would you like to step inside?” Vincent asks, and then buzzes the cage door open without waiting for an answer.

As he steps onto the mat, Sam is fiercely glad that his growing powers don’t involve empathy. Even without the extra help, his skin is crawling. Death and pain and suffering congeal the air into a stifling weight against his skin. This is a bad place, bad enough that he can feel it: that the cleaning crew speaks in low, graveyard tones. By all rights, the cage ought to be haunted with the amount of violent, cruel deaths that it’s seen.

Come to think of it, Sam doesn’t understand why Vincent doesn’t have problems with ghosts. He can’t very well ask, though: he’s supposed to be a spoiled college boy, not a hunter.

Instead, he strolls out to the center of the mat and gazes at the rounded opening above. It’s like standing at the bottom of a fishbowl and looking up. He can see the first few rows of seats on all sides, only partially obscured by the curving dome of the cage. If the floodlights were on instead of the overheads, it would probably be impossible to see even that much: any fighter trying to squint past the brightness would blind himself.

Sam spends almost ten minutes walking around the cage with Vincent’s eyes on him. He feigns interest while nausea builds in his gut: asking trivial questions of the cleaning crew and Vincent himself, rubbing his thumb over a splotch of blood—Dean’s? is this Dean’s?—on a part of the wire mesh that they haven’t gotten to yet. At the back of his head, he’s still wondering how Vincent keeps the ghosts out. Salting and burning the bodies of all the men he kills here would be a start, but the metal bars and the mat are saturated enough with blood that a spirit should have been able to ground itself to the cage.

It isn’t until they’re leaving and he catches a glint of light from the corner of his eye that he realizes how Vincent is managing it. The lines inlaid into the floor that Sam mistook for silver aren’t actually silver at all. They’re salt. Salt set into the floor and underneath unbreakable glass, running from the elevator to the cage and then completely ringing it. That much salt would easily dispel any spiritual energy before it had time to build.

As they return to the elevator to continue their tour, Sam is filled with a newfound respect for Vincent’s intelligence. They’ve been treating him like a dangerous person, of course, but for the first time Sam feels that he’s getting an idea of what they’re up against. To have ferreted out Dean’s secret is impressive enough, but to have figured out a way to build all of this: to protect his investment not only from human threats but supernatural ones as well …

We’re going to have to kill him. 

It isn’t as though Sam hasn’t been planning on doing that anyway, but for the first time he’s accepting the fact that he and Dean won’t have any peace while Vincent is still alive. Even if they manage to escape and run to the other side of the globe, the man will find them. And this time when he brings Dean back, it will be hobbled by chains and with Sam’s ashes in a small, black box.

Sam is still floored by his new understanding of Vincent’s capabilities when the elevator door swings open again on the seventh level.

Vincent ushers him out with a grin and a showman-like gesture of his arm, announcing, “And our last stop: the Gymnasium.”