"Please, mister, I'll do anything...ANYTHING! Just let me go."

This story is the property of the author. It may be redistributed, copied and stored without changes, though it is not to be used by commercial entities. Using this material in any commercial publication, including websites, without the express permission of the author, will be followed up with legal action. This fictional story was written for the entertainment of adults and should not be viewed by those under the legal age.

This is a story of casual, unprotected sex, and is a work of fiction. In real life, use a condom, damnit! Unwanted babies, HIV and all sorts of lesser sexual diseases await the idiot who "dips his wick" or "rides the rod" without protection.

---

The Power of Porn, Chapter 2 (MF, blackmail, Mdom, nc, oral)
by Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)

---

I had to be dreaming...there was no other logical explanation for why my stepmother had pulled me into my stepsister's room and forced us teens to take each other's virginities, especially since I had seen that same scenario in a video sometime during my two week porn marathon.

Or was Rayanne monitoring my web searches, and had seen that video? No, she didn't have the technical skills to do that. My Dad did...or used to, since he had passed away a couple weeks ago, and the new, faster Internet connection had been installed on the same day that he died in that car accident, 10 miles away, so there was no way that he could have done anything special to it.

Yeah, I had to be dreaming...and what a dream! I could still remember how my cock felt as it sunk into my stepsister's hot, tight, virginal pussy.

The dream didn't end, though. Feeling antsy and wanting to get out of the house after that weirdness earlier, I called my work and asked if they had any open shifts.

*Bow-chicka-wow-wow!*

I tilted my head. That weird kinda-disco music again, but from where? It seemed fainter than the last time.

My manager calling my name returned my attention to the phone call. While they had a full shift of stockpeople at the moment, she said that the security guy hadn't come in, so I could fill in for him. That seemed odd, but learning new skills could allow me to advance in the store.

Step 1: Stockperson
Step 2: Security guard
Step 3: ?*
Step 4: Assistant Manager

* I'd figure out step 3 later.

---

At work and in a spare uniform, I perused the video cameras from the store's security room. This job was so boring! The cameras didn't even look into the changing rooms so that I could catch some nakedity. I considered for a moment...I sure didn't want someone watching *me* change in there. Still...

*Bow-chicka-wow-wow!*

There it was again, louder this time. My eyes flashed to one monitor. A young woman had just slipped an expensive-looking purse into her larger shoulder bag. Caught ya! I rushed out to the main floor and quickly zeroed in on her.

Not everyone knows, but if you stop a thief while they're still in the store, technically they haven't stolen anything, as they could just say that they were storing it until they got to the till, so I hung back and followed the young lady while I admired her shapely ass in her white tights. Also her tanned midriff that showed under her tight pink half-top. Also...

I shook my head to clear it, as she was heading toward the exit! I quickly closed the distance but stopped short a few feet back, keeping pace with her as she pushed open the inner entryway door, and then as she passed through the outer door, I took a hold of her arm. "Excuse me, ma'am, but I think you forgot to pay for something," I said loudly and as deeply as I could.

She squeaked and turned. She was actually very pretty, with a small gold ring in one nostril and what I had thought was blonde hair was actually brunette with light-colored streaks alternating throughout. "I...I don't know what you mean..." she began.

"I think you do...please come with me," I reached into my pocket for my phone, but in a way that made her think that I had a taser or something.

She looked around at the customers in the entryway staring and then timidly followed me back into the store. I took her into the security room and had her sit down. But what to do now? I called my manager but she wasn't answering. I looked around for the manual...I knew that I shouldn't call 911 because this wasn't an emergency, but did I need to fill out some sort of a form before calling the police's non-emergency line? Well, at least I should determine everything that she stole. "Empty your bag onto the table, please."

She gulped and did so. I was surprised at the sheer amount of stuff that she had in there: several purses, and somehow even some jewelry. Easily over $1,000, which meant...

"You'll be charged with grand theft for this," I informed her. "That's a felony."

Her face shifted from fear to terror. "No! Please...my parents would disown me!"

Parents? I looked closer...discounting her makeup, she looked to be about my age, maybe 19. So it sounded like she was still living at home, but she'd tried as an adult.

I had that feeling of deja vu again.

"Please, mister, I'll do anything...ANYTHING! Just let me go."

That was it! I had watched a porn video where a young woman had been caught shoplifting and had to pleasure her captor to keep him from calling the police. I examined the girl's chest, noting the small but perky A-cup breasts pushing out her half-top. She kinda reminded me of the porn starlet Olivia Jarden. "Anything, huh?"

A brief look of hope crossed her face. "Yeah...you want me to suck your dick?"

Obviously I was still dreaming. I unzipped. "To start." My cock had risen to the occasion, and she gave a little gasp as it revealed itself.

She dropped to her knees before me and took it in hand before sucking it into her mouth. Then she pulled back. "Is that pussy I taste?"

I hadn't showered since fucking Ella! "Problem?" I asked her.

She shrugged. "Nope...I go both ways." Then she took me back into her mouth to slip her lips up and down my shaft.

She was pretty good, not that I had any basis of comparison, the only other oral action I'd experienced was my stepmother sucking the last of my orgasm out. The shoplifter switched from sucking to licking my shaft like a popsicle, even starting some licks from as far down as my balls, which felt strange but good. After a few minutes of this, though, I was wanting something more interactive.

"Get up, take off your clothes, and bend over the desk," I directed her.

"But you said I could suck you off."

"No, I said you could start with sucking. Move it!"

She dully got to her feet and pulled off her half-top, revealing a white sports bra that didn't do much to hide her very hard nipples. Then she pulled down her tights, her thong underwear coming along for the ride, and bent over the desk, as ordered.

I knelt behind the girl and examined her pussy. Despite her obvious fear, I could see some moisture between her vaginal lips. Blowjobs apparently turned her on. I stuck my tongue in there just to be sure, making her gasp, and after a few seconds got to my feet and lined my turgid member up.

She looked back at me. "You need a condom! UHH!"

I had shoved about half of my new 6" length into her. "Don't have any," I responded as I pulled back and thrust in again, making her grunt in a combination of discomfort and pleasure.

"Shit..." she moaned as I plundered her treasures, and she lay her head down upon the desk, defeated.

This girl was no virgin, so unlike with my stepsister, I didn't need to hold back. I took a hold of the young woman's rounded hips and started ramming my hardness into her, making her softly cry out with every thrust. After a bit, I reached around to push her sports bra up so that I could cup her small breasts with my palms, making her moan and then squeak as I tweaked her pointy nipples. Then I reached further forward to wrap my hands around her neck and squeezed.

"Ughk!" she choked. I wasn't squeezing hard, but I felt her pussy grip my cock as her body responded to the rough treatment. I continued ramming myself into her and felt her insides get tighter and tighter. Finally, she choked out, "Guhhkg," and I felt her cum. "Uhkk! Ghhgg..." Her body shook in orgasm as I sped up to reach my own.

I moved my hands down from her neck and back to her titties.

"Please pull out," she rasped as the last orgasmic waves rushed through her body. "I'm not on the pill."

I kept going. "You should have thought of that before stealing from my store."

She turned her head. "PLEASE! Call the cops if you want, but don't knock me up, mister!"

"Urg, fine..." I pulled out, turned her around, and pushed her to the floor. In a flash, my cock was back inside her hot mouth, and I grunted as my orgasm rushed up my shaft and blasted her tonsils. "Unhh! Yeah..."

"Mm! Mmh!" she moaned as she gulped down my sperm. I thought that she might be cumming again. Finally, she pulled back and smacked her lips. "So, can I go?" she looked up at me hopefully.

I tucked my dwindling member back in my underwear and zipped back up. Then I grabbed her driver's license from where she had dumped out her bag, pulled my phone out, and took a picture of that next to her, on her knees with her tights around her ankles, her sports bra around her neck, and her nipples hard as rocks. "You can go, but don't come back into my store ever again, got it?" I put my phone away and tossed her license back on the desk.

"Yes sir." She stood up and redressed. Strangely, before leaving, she leaned in close and gave me a kiss on the cheek. "Seeya...Gordon," she said, noting the uniform's name tag before skipping out the door with her now empty bag.

"No, Gordon's the usual security guy..." I called after her, but she was already gone.

I settled into the desk chair. I had just experienced another porn scenario, but why? That weird 'bow-chicka-wow-wow' sound had sounded before I came to work, and then just before I caught that girl shoplifting. It had also sounded just before my incestuous encounter with my stepmother and stepsister earlier in the day. What did it all mean?

To be continued...

---

Krosis' home on the web: http://www.asstr.org/~krosis

Fans or pans? E-mail Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)