Promises Kept - a Samantha's Shame Story
  by Delta Venus

Copyright 2010


After the horrible punishment party Betsy had thrown for me,
things got back to normal. Or at least as normal as things get
when you are a teenage girl who only gets released from a
chastity belt to put on masturbation shows for her sister and
friends. At least I was being spared any special events - like
flashing for the college whores to drum up business, or running
through the park getting strangers to take naked pictures of me.

I was cowed. Betsy had me beat. I did what I was told, when I was
told, and didn't even consider disobedience for a micro second.
As the months passed, I mellowed out some, but Betsy had always
scared me, and after what I had been through she scared me more
than ever. I found myself always a little nervous, because it was
impossible to know when Betsy would decide to take things beyond
the status quo. The only thing I was sure of was that she would.

Remarkably, she took her sweet time about it. Not long enough for
me to forget, but long enough to relax a little. We had another
pool party, where I was paraded around topless again, and I
stayed well away from the jets, but until my eighteenth birthday
approached the only other thing Betsy had me doing was playing
with myself to amuse her and Jack, and occasionally Paul was
allowed to watch as well. She didn't even make me do any of these
damn journal entries, telling you all about what was happening to
me and how I felt about it.

About two months before my birthday, Betsy grabbed me as I walked
in the door from school, hauled my ass out to her car, and shoved
me inside.

"If you tell anyone where we are going or what we are doing
today, before I tell you it is OK to talk about it, well, you
know."

"I know," I said meekly. "I promise I won't say anything. Ever.
But where are we going?"

"We are going to the Clinic, to get you on birth control pills."

My stomach did back flips, which very much disturbed the large
batch of butterflies that seemed to have spontaneously filled it.
Birth control! That could only mean one thing, the chastity belt
was coming off! Wow. I was a little excited, because by this time
I really wanted to get fucked. It seemed like I'd been playing
sex games for half of forever, and I wanted to get into the big
leagues with everyone else. But more than excited, I was quite
nervous. Who would Betsy have me fucking? Would I be free to fuck
on my own? No, I was sure Betsy had other plans for me.

"You are especially forbidden from telling Jack or Paul about
this. You keep those pills hidden, and you keep your mouth shut."

She had iron in her voice as she delivered this ultimatum, and
you can bet anything you want to that I believed I would rather
die than violate her edict.

The Clinic wasn't too bad. Betsy had removed the belt, of course,
so my exam wouldn't cause any weird questions. The doctor did
notice the lines it made, and commented that I might want to try
out some looser fitting panties so I wouldn't get marked like
that, which made me blush. I was declared fit, healthy, and
clean, and given a prescription for the pill. Betsy immediately
drove me to a pharmacy to fill the scrip and I started taking
them that evening.

Now every day for me was filled with thoughts of fucking. I was
going to have a dick in me soon, for sure, and I couldn't stop
alternately day dreaming up romantic scenarios for my
deflowering, or having waking nightmares filled with hard S&M and
rape imagery. I wasn't really a virgin in the physical sense, my
hymen had been surrendered long ago to fingers and toys, but I
was still technically one, since I had never had a penis inside
me. I was looking forward to it happening, and dreading it, all
at the same time.

Finally my birthday arrived, and as had happened in the past, we
had two parties. One was for me and my friends, which our parents
supervised. It was mostly fun in a boring sort of way, like most
teen parties with chaperones. I enjoyed being with my friends,
and I got some nice gifts. The second party was arranged by
Betsy, and I couldn't help shudder thinking about what she had
planned.

After my party wound down, Betsy snuck me out to her car, and we
were quickly off to a private suite at one of the local hotels.
Betsy had really gone all out, the place was decorated to the
nines, she had hired a top notch DJ, and there was even catered
food and booze. Looking up at the small stage where the DJ had
his gear, I recognized a certain item of decor from the previous
party, and I broke into a cold sweat. I could see myself in the
stirrups already. I badly wanted to run away, but my fear of my
sister was too strong, I just couldn't make myself take the first
step. If I had, I was so full of adrenaline I don't think I would
have stopped running until I'd crossed three States.

The party was mellow at first. Everyone was drinking and dancing,
Jack was there dancing with Betsy. I recognized some of Betsy's
football buddies. I danced with Paul, and snuck a drink or two to
try and steady my nerves. As mellow as things might be now, I
knew it wasn't going to last for too much longer. There was a
certain tension in the air. I think many people there were
anticipating later events, it wasn't just my nervousness.

Finally Betsy walked up onto the stage and interrupted the DJ,
and made an announcement.

"May I have everyone's attention, please? We are all here to
honor my sister on the event of her turning eighteen. She is an
adult now, and very shortly we will all see her make the
transition from girl to woman. Come up here, Sam!"

I had no choice, so I went. I could only guess what she meant
about seeing me become a woman, but it didn't take too much
imagination to figure out what that would involve. Now all eyes
were on me, and I could practically feel their collective weight
pressing against me, as if I were on a high speed roller coaster
accelerating nonstop and nearly out of control.

"Everyone give Sam a big round of applause!" The crowd obliged
with a nice smattering of clapping, but still seemed preoccupied
and anticipatory.

"OK. Thank you! It is time for Sam to shed her girlhood, and to
be released from the past." There were a few titters of laughter
on hearing 'released', knowing that it was a reference to the
chastity belt. "And I have a few promises to keep tonight. Paul,
come up here and help out. The first promise I'm keeping I made
to you."

Betsy directed Paul to strip my clothes off, and lead me over to
the exam bench. Now we had the crowd's complete and total
attention. I wasn't completely naked, because I still had on the
chastity device, but I felt more exposed than I ever had, the
belt seemed a very flimsy barrier to be hiding behind - and it
was about to be taken away. I was trembling, but the fact that it
was Paul, whom I hadn't chosen, but had fallen in love with, who
stripped me and led me over to the bench kept me from freaking
out completely. I was having serious flashbacks to the last time
I'd been on that bench, and only gentle Paul, with soft whispers
and easy touches, kept me sane.

Before I knew it, I was on my back, legs in the stirrups,
securely fastened and going nowhere. I didn't see them, but
scattered among the DJ's equipment were several cameras
strategically aimed to best show the bench, and more importantly
me, and I heard a small gasp from the crowd I later learned was
when the cameras went live and I was suddenly being show to the
whole room on a large screen over the stage.

"OK, Paul. Great job. Now it is time for that belt to come off,
and I think you should do the honors. The combination is
appropriate, I think. Lucky sevens. Seven, seven, seven. Just
think, such an easy one! You could have had that belt off in a
heartbeat. Since you were a good boy, though, I'm keeping my
promise to you. You get to be the first one to fuck her!"

Paul broke out in a serious blush, and the crowd applauded and
whistled with approval. Wow! I was going to be deflowered right
there in front of God and everyone, and Paul, my love, was going
to be the one who did it! The realization of what was about to
happen was like a stun gun hit to the spine, thousands of volts
of pure lightning traveling down every nerve ending in my body. I
was incredibly aroused at the thought of finally being a woman,
even as I was incredibly embarrassed that it was going to be
witnessed by a hall full of people.

Paul was so nervous, fumbling with the combination catches at the
sides of the chastity belt. I almost wanted someone to come help
him, since I was restrained and couldn't, but I thought it was so
romantic, in a twisted sort of way, that he got to be the one who
released me. Prince doing the noble deed for his princess style
cheese, the sort of thing I could eat up all day. Finally he got
the combos dialed in, and the cables holding the plastic cup
tight against my box were released, and he pulled the damn thing
away, revealing and releasing my pussy to the world once and for
all. My box was quite a sight! When the cup came away there was
another gasp from the crowd. Swollen with arousal, dripping with
dew, it was obvious that my vag thought it was time to get
fucked, and the sooner the better!

Paul, obviously very emotional, leaned down and whispered, with a
little tremor in his voice, "I love you so much, Sam. I'm sorry
we couldn't do this on our own, and have to do it here, but I'm
not sorry we are doing this. You are so sexy and beautiful. I've
wanted you since I first saw you. I'm so glad Betsy is letting me
be the one."

He was still trembling as he pulled his cock out of his pants.
You could have heard a pin drop in the hall as scores of people
quietly watched as he approached the bench between my wide spread
legs, and slowly rubbed his rock hard dick against the slightly
parted lips of my puss. The velvety touch of the head of his cock
was incredible! It was nothing like a finger or a toy, it was
softer, yet had a strength behind it. This was it, I was going to
get fucked! He nudged and nestled the head just slightly inside,
then with a slow but solid thrust, Paul sunk his pole deep, and I
was no longer a virgin.

"ONE!!"

The shout of the crowd filling the hall after the total silence
almost made me jump out of my skin. WTF?!

Paul thrust again.

"TWO!!"

Paul kept banging my box, and seemed oblivious to the world, his
eyes closed, face slack-jawed. The crowd kept pace, and counted
off the thrusts.

"EIGHTEEN!!"

"And One to GROW ON!!"

At that moment, two of Betsy's football buddies grabbed Paul, and
pulled him out and off me. He looked more than a little shocked,
his cock almost an angry red, glistening with my juices,
throbbing very visibly in time to his pounding heartbeat.

Betsy was on the mike again.

"OK! That was great! Sam is now a woman, and I've kept my first
promise - which was that I would let her boyfriend Paul be the
first man to fuck her." She paused strategically, before dropping
a bombshell. "But I never said he would be the first one to cum
in her!"

The crowd loved this revelation, and roared its approval.

"And I certainly never said he would be the only one who would
fuck her. So, for my next promise kept, I told my friends here
that if they would bodyguard Sam when she was acting slutty in
public, that one day I would let them fuck her. Today is that
day!"

The applause was tremendous! I almost couldn't believe this,
except that it was *so* Betsy. Here I am, buck naked on a bench,
solidly strapped into stirrups, with my legs held high and spread
wide, lewdly on display for a hall full of people, having just
had a hard dick in me for the first time ever - and about to pull
a train consisting of big, beefy, mostly black football players!
I almost fainted. I was on some alternate plateau, though. My
pussy had been banged, it wanted to be banged some more, banged
hard, and it didn't care who did the banging. My brain was still
protesting, but my body had left it far behind, and was achingly
ready for anything - and everything.

As the football players lined up to take their turns, I saw Betsy
whispering something in Paul's ear. I forgot all about it as the
first guy approached to start the train rolling. He was an ebony
god. Paul has a nice sized prick, but this thick black meat stick
put it to shame. It had to be nine inches long, and almost as
thick as my wrist. When I saw the video later, I couldn't believe
my pussy had managed to take it.

"God, Sam, you are so fucking hot! I've been wanting to fuck you
ever since you started doing all those sexy, slutty things. I
know Betsy forces you, but I think you like it!" he said with a
shit eating grin. He wasted no time, and got right between my
wide spread thighs, and shoved that incredible pole right up in
me. I was very glad I wasn't a virgin, because this guy would
have torn me up! He must have really meant it when he said he
thought I was hot, because he didn't last very long. Before you
could say Jack Robinson, he pressed as hard and deep as he could,
our pubic bones mashing together, gave a loud grunt, and I felt
the first spurt of his seed deep deep inside me. He gave a long
groan, and pulled back until just the head of his fat cock was
left, and I could feel two more hot shots of semen flooding my
tunnel, pooling thickly right at the entrance. He then pulled out
and shot a last thick strand right across my now gaping hole,
leaving me well glazed and leaking.

He backed off, to make room for the next guy in line, but Paul
rushed up, and quickly dropped to his knees. The crowd gasped as
he plunged right in and started furiously licking and sucking my
pussy, the huge load of semen smearing his face and surely
flooding his mouth. The moment his tongue hit my clit I exploded.
The direct contact, combined with the mental shock of someone
doing something so dirty, was just too much, and I bucked like a
bronco as I came and came. Paul rode me out, his mouth fastened
to my honey hole like it had been glued there. God, it felt so
good! So dirty!

Paul was gently moved to the side by the same guys who had pulled
him off me earlier, and another big dicked football stud, this
one blonde and blue eyed, got between my legs, and stuffed my
well used box full of cock.

I sort of faded out after that, lost in a haze of powerful
orgasms and even more powerful shameful embarrassment, but the
guys never gave me a break. I do know that each guy was unique,
his dick different than the others, and each one had a different
way of fucking me. I'm not sure how many dudes dicked me, but I
am sure Paul was there after each and every one licking and
sucking my pussy like a fiend. When I finally came around to my
surroundings again, the line was gone, and Paul was releasing me
from the bench. My tits were sore, bearing the marks of fingers
and teeth, and coated with slobber. My pussy was the Grand
Canyon, wide open spaces with a constant gushing flow. I had
other various love marks all over my body, from a hickey on my
neck, to bruises on my thighs. I had been well and truly fucked!
And despite feeling terribly humiliated by the whole experience,
I realized I had loved it. Every fucking lustfully disgusting
minute of it.

My sister had been right to put the chastity belt on me, if I had
gotten a good dicking any earlier, I would have turned into a
common street slut, and never had the chance to fall in love with
Paul.

Paul helped me up to a room that had been reserved for us in the
hotel, and while he was being so kind and sweet to me, helping
clean me up and deal with all the after effects, he was sporting
the biggest hard on. I was all fucked out, but I felt so strongly
about what a great guy he was, I ignored my pain, bit my lip, and
let him play caboose on the train, the last guy to fuck me and
cum in my cunt that night. The satisfied look on his face after
he shot inside me made all the pain worth it.

Paul and I lay in a tangled heap on my bed, both of us exhausted
and drained, when Betsy worked a keycard on the door and came
barging in.

"Good. I'm glad to see you two are together. You must really love
each other. I certainly don't know what Jack would do if I fucked
half the football team, even if I was forced to do it. Seeing you
together means I have kept a promise to myself. Sam, I knew when
I first caught you masturbating that it wouldn't be long before
lust overrode your brain, and you'd be fucking every guy with a
smooth line and a decent cock. So I promised myself two things. I
wasn't going to let you get fucked until you were an adult and
ready for it. And I was going to give you a chance to find true
love. Mission accomplished."

I almost started crying, I felt so cared for, even though she had
tormented and tortured me ever since she had caught me. Might
have had something to do with all the hormones that had been
racing through my body for the last few hours. Deep inside I knew
this was just an excuse to use and abuse me, so I quickly snapped
back to reality when she continued on.

"I do have a few things to tell the two of you. Sam, you don't
think Paul licked and sucked all that nasty cum out of your pussy
just because he is kinky, do you? I told him you were fertile,
and in fact probably ovulating, so if all that sticky football
player semen was allowed to stay inside your steamy twat and soak
in, you would almost certainly wind up pregnant. He was a good
sport and tried his best to help you out. True love! Paul, you
are *so* gullible. Sam has been on the pill for months."

Paul gasped, and his face showed he was profoundly shocked by
this wicked trick. Betsy walked over to the room's entertainment
center, and put a DVD in the player.

"Next, I want you guys to see the video from tonight. Yes, Sam,
we caught everything on camera. EVERYTHING. This is only some of
the raw footage, it needs editing, but I think it came out even
better than I had hoped."

Raw was right. Obscenely pornographic would be another way of
saying it. I was quickly confronted with a close up shot of my
well banged box taking a very big, very black dick into its
sloppy depths. The cameras had been extremely well placed, and
showed off very clearly every dirty act I had been subjected to.
One camera had been focused exclusively on my face, so you could
see my every reaction to what was happening to me - and I was
obviously very much getting off on it. The camera angles and
focus were all fixed, but since I was bound and not moving
around, it didn't really matter much. Many of the shots looked
like professional work, and well done at that. She took the DVD
out, and waved it at us as she turned.

"So, Paul, I'm glad you can get past Sam being such a slut, but
don't expect her to stop any time soon. You two can carry on all
you want with my blessings, it doesn't matter. Sam may
technically be free, now that she is an adult no longer bound by
the chastity belt, but *I* am still in total control!"

Her laugh as she left my room could only be described as wicked,
and it sent a shiver down my spine.


DV

http://deltavenus.bestdamnpornblogs.com/
