My spring semester had turned out to be the best since I enrolled in college. I'd raised my GPA by almost a point plus I met Laurie, a great girl and we'd been dating most of the year. On Monday of the last week of school, Laurie called me from her dorm,

"Ronnie, I just got off the phone with my dad and he said it would be alright if you spent the summer with us at our beach house. That's the good news, now for the bad; my dad is letting me be a law clerk at his firm for the summer so I'd need to go into town every day. Oh another thing, my dad said you would have to earn you keep by helping out around the house. I told him you are real good with tools and could help with some of the repairs we've been letting go."

I told Laurie that I had nothing planned for the summer and that I'd love to spend it with her even if that meant only evenings and weekends. I figured doing odd jobs around a beach house had to be better than doing odd jobs around my mom's house. What I didn't tell her was I couldn't wait until I saw her in that skimpy bikini I helped her pick out at the mall.

Although you'd have to say that Laurie was more athletic than beautiful, I thought she was a knockout. She had no butt and was super flat but because she was comfortable with her body she was not only cute but I thought sexy. Her 
short blond hair outlined a strong face and with her brown eyes contrasting her fair skin, it gave them a mysterious look. She also had a little button nose and pouty lips, that she knew how to use to tease you into submission. Since Laurie was so small busted, I don't think she ever wore a bra and I loved the way her nipples poked through her tops. She was always innocently giving me and anybody else that tried, peeks down her blouse. Although her butt was small it was firm and muscular, and with her long lean legs, it was easy to guess that she'd been a gymnast when she was young. Laurie even had beautiful feet with long toes that she always enhanced with bright polish and toe rings on each foot.

Our sex life always started with Laurie sitting up with her legs spread wide and me between them and my face burred in her bald pussy. She would rub her hands through my hair as she watched me lick and suck her into a thunderous orgasm and usually ended with her strong thighs slamming shut on my head. After, either we would fuck or she would push me on my back and suck me until I came. She always told me she loved the taste of my cum and would hold it in her mouth swallowing it slowly.

The Hamilton's seemed like nice people and Mr. Hamilton shook my hand and said he was glad I could help for the summer. Right away, I could tell where Laurie got her looks, as he was blond and tall like her and he too looked like he had been an athlete in his youth. Laurie's mom was just the opposite; she was dark with long black hair and dark eyes that seemed to look right through you. Mrs. Hamilton was a full figured woman someone I think my grandfather would call zaftig. Her breasts were huge and she was wide in the waist and with what they call today, a bubble butt. She was a striking woman and I had to stop myself from staring.

I had an enjoyable dinner where the food was good, the conversation was kept light, and the wine flowed for the whole meal. After we ate, Laurie and I went out to the beach, where we lit a fire and spread a blanket out to watch the sunset together. The vibrant colors of the summer sun fading into the pinks and purple of the night made for a beautiful sight. I watched a row of pelicans glide across the skyline changing into shadows as the crossed the setting sun. We kissed and cuddled to keep out the chilly evening while we watched the sun sink and as it got darker, we got friskier. Soon we were in our usual position with her in a beach chair, she just pulled her little thong to the side, and I buried my face between her legs until she came. When I lay down for my turn, I thought I noticed someone watching us through an upstairs window. I started to say something to Laurie but lost my train of thought as she held my nuts and licked my shaft up and down.

The next morning I got up late and both Laurie and her dad were gone. I went downstairs to get coffee and saw the kitchen was still a mess from last night's dinner. I thought, now's the time to start earning my keep and began washing dishes. Laurie's mom came in just as I was finishing. She was in a nightgown and a thin robe and like me; she had just come down for coffee. I told her I had made a fresh pot and would be glad to pour her some. She sat at the table drinking her coffee directing me where to store the clean dishes. After I was done, she asked if I would put some plates she brought from home over the kitchen cabinets. She showed me a step stool and as I stood on it, she handed me these decorations to place. When she would look down to pick up a plate I would look down her gown at her luscious breasts on display for me. When she would hand me a plate her face would be right next to my crotch and I kept getting firmer and firmer. I swear I could feel her hot breath through my shorts.

"You know Ronnie I watched what you and Laurie were doing on the beach last night."

"Oh Mrs. H. I'm so sorry..."

She held up her hand stopping me,

"Laurie's a grown woman she can pretty much do what she pleases. I mean she's been on the pill since she was fourteen for god's sake. I don't care what you two do as long as you practice safe sex. The only thing I'm saying is I thought it very gentlemanly of you to please her first."

She grasped my dick and began to rub,

"Let me be honest with you, I love my husband and have no desire to cheat on him but he thinks oral sex is for the common folk. He has, as much as said that his lawyer's silver tongue will not go near my vagina. The thing is, it made me so hot last night watching you and Laurie that I can't get it out of my mind."

I was afraid I might cum in my shorts; I took her hand off me and said,

"Mrs. H. right now there is nothing I'd rather do than rub my tongue all over your vagina."

I got off the stool and sat her down on it. I spread her legs, put my head under her gown, and then had my first taste of her pussy. She was so wet I could see her juices running down her slit. She shuddered when I licked them up, she became shy and almost demure as I kissed and gently nuzzled my nose between her lips. Still, when I put my lips around her clit she screamed and grabbed my head as she held it in place. I gave Mrs. Hamilton three orgasms as she sat in her kitchen on her step stool. When she could take no more she thanked me then went up to shower and dress for the day. As for me, I rushed to my room to jack off until I came in torrents.

The rest of the morning went on as if nothing had happened; I went outside to start on their fence, which was leaning badly. It was nice to be working outside where although the sun was warm the ocean breeze kept the temperature down. As I worked to shore up what in reality was something that needed to be torn down and replaced I noticed Mrs. H. sunning herself on the upstairs balcony. I felt a stirring in my groin and tried my best to ignore it. We ate lunch together outside, me shirtless dressed only in my shorts and her in a one-piece bathing suit that although it hid all her charms it did nothing to hide her curves.

"Ronnie, I hope I didn't impose on you too much this morning, I know I came on like such a tart. It's just, well I'm sorry, but I couldn't get the picture of you and Laurie out of my mind. I thought about it all night long and I don't think I slept an hour all night."

I put my hand on her knee,

"Mrs. Hamilton, believe me it was my pleasure and the thought of you this morning, sitting there with your legs spread waiting for me to please you is probably going to keep me up all night tonight."

I'm not sure why I did it but I reached down and picked up her foot out of her sandal I began to massage her foot paying extra attention to her manicured toes. I put one toe in my mouth and licked the tip then I looked to her for a reaction. She was breathing hard and I think I could see her eyes glaze over.

"You have sexy toes, and when I put this one in my mouth it feels just like your clit,"

I stopped talking and began to lick and suck on her middle toe, and then I took it out of my mouth and just rubbed the tip.

"When I do this it makes me think of what I did to you this morning and it makes me hot. How about it Mrs. H. do you like me doing this?"

When she didn't answer, I looked up to her and then saw she had her hand between her legs rubbing her clit. I said,

"Let me do that."

Then I got down under the table and put my mouth to her clit, which was protruding through her suit. I put my lips around it and gently pulled as I bit her. She climaxed almost immediately and then she pushed me away begging me to stop. I stood up with my hardon making a big lump in my shorts. I excused myself saying I had to go to my room to take care of it.

"Ronnie, please would you do it right here in front of me? I would love to watch."

I asked her if I could see her boobs while I did it and she just reached back and undid the top part of her suit then peeled it down exposing her huge tits. She pinched her nipples making them grow into large knots.

Then she smiled and looked up into my eyes,

"I want to be bad, Ronnie will you cum on my tittys?"

That was all it took as I spurted all over her breasts. Instead of wiping off my spunk, she rubbed it into her skin then finished up with licking her fingers.

That night Laurie and I again built a fire then watched the sunset. After dark, I couldn't wait to get my tongue in Laurie so I could compare her to her mom. To tell the truth her mom was not only softer, she was wetter. As soon as she came, I pushed her on her back and I fucked her like a wild man. I kept closing my eyes and pretending she was her mom and when I came, it was the best.

I couldn't believe how quick my summer was going; the weeks were flying by so fast. Each day I got up and at breakfast, I would wait for Mrs. H. who would then lead me to her bedroom for her oral satisfaction. Next, I would go out and work in the summer sun on the dilapidated fence. At lunch I would drink tall glasses of home made lemonade and if Mrs. H. felt like it I would give her more oral and then back to work. In the evening, Laurie and her dad would come home and we would have cocktails, then dinner. Latter Laurie and I would go watch the sunset and have sex, mind-blowing, super orgasmic sex. On weekends, we all would do something together, such as a picnic or maybe a ride on a neighbor's boat. Everyone including Mr. H. made me feel welcome and I have to say it was by far the best summer I ever had. He was so happy with the work I did on their fence; he told me I could stay at their home anytime. I looked at Laurie she was smiling, and then I looked at Mrs. H. who merely nodded, then she looked at me and winked.