Lost Job
by Joeehartley

Unemployed woman applies for an unconventional job.

Lost Job Pt. 01

When Penny had been called into her boss's office, she was certain it was to discuss a new assignment. She was shocked when she heard that she'd been downsized. It seems that the company had to cut expenses and she was one of those expenses that needed to be cut.

She walked out into the parking lot with a box containing her personal items from her desk, and a check that might cover her expenses for the next couple of weeks, but little more. She had no idea what she was to do now.

She went home in a daze, but then realized that she still had things to do. She had planned on going to the store after work tonight for her weekly shopping. It might be better now to avoid the afterwork crowd. Distraction was what she needed right now.

She grabbed a cart and headed into the store and just as she had expected there were few shoppers. She went up and down the aisles stocking up on staples and avoiding the pricier items.

She turned down one of the center aisles and saw Mia, a neighbor she'd met a couple of weeks ago. They had chatted a bit and found that they really liked each other. Penny also found Mia extremely attractive, but didn't want to scare her off, by commenting on that fact. She had thought that Mia was checking her out as most men would, but that may have just been wishful thinking on her part.

Mia noticed her walking down the aisle and called out a greeting. "I never expected to see you here this time of day. Don't you work somewhere during the day?"

"Well, I used to," Penny replied, then explained how she'd been downsized just this morning.

Mia was very sympatric and listened intently as Penny shared her fears of becoming destitute. Mia offered to forgo shopping and instead buy Penny a cup of coffee at the local coffee shop around the corner where they could talk.

After an hour of Mia listening to Penny's tale of woe, she offered, "I might know of a way for you to make money, if you're willing to be a little unconventional."

"Really?" Penny asked, "tell me more."

"Well," Mia started, "you would not be working during the day, but you'll have an opportunity to make more than what you were making before."

"What do I have to do?" Penny asked. She was now very interested.

Mia took out a slip of paper and wrote an address on it, "Come on by tomorrow at about 4 and I'll interview you," she said.

"So, this is your company?" Penny asked.

"I'm the manager and I get to hire our workers. I'm sure you'll be a great asset," Mia said, before getting up to leave. "I'll see you tomorrow."

Penny was on pins and needles all night imaging what this new job might be and looking forward to working with her attractive neighbor. After their talk yesterday Penny again had the impression that Mia was checking her out, especially her breasts in a way that a lot of men did.

Penny was well endowed and proud of her bustline. She noticed that Mia wore a low-cut top yesterday and as she remembered back at their first meeting a couple of weeks ago, she also wore a low-cut top. That may have contributed to the reason why Penny found her so attractive.

The next day Penny worried about what to wear for her interview with Mia. On the one hand every time she'd seen Mia, she'd been wearing something that showed off her cleavage and Penny was not convinced that Mia had been checking out her boobs. On the other hand maybe Mia had been checking out her cleavage. It might be nice to wear something a bit more revealing for a change.

Penny laid out a few of her more revealing tops on her bed and tried each of them on. She looked at herself in the mirror and tried to balance a professional look with sexiness.

Several hours later she had a black lace bra to be paired with a translucent white button up blouse which she planned to wear with at least two of the top buttons open. She wanted to display the upper edge of her low-cut bra uncovered by her blouse. She could always claim it accidently popped open if the need arose.

Penny made sure she knew how to get to the address Mia had given her and where to park. She stood at the front door fifteen minutes early and opened the door to find a young receptionist seated behind a high desk. So far, this place looked very professional and Penny started to wonder if she was inappropriately dressed. The young woman looked up at Penny displaying her own deeply exposed cleavage and Penny now felt she could open up another button.

She introduced herself and said she had an appointment with Mia. The young woman directed her to a chair while she informed Mia of Penny's arrival.

Mia stepped into the reception area a moment later and reached out her hand. "I like your top," she said as she led Penny back to her office.

Penny took a seat and Mia started right in the questions.

"The job we have for you involves customer service. How are you with people?"

"I like people and I'd say I'm very good relating to most people." Penny answered. This was one of the standard interview questions and Penny knew how to answer it.

"How about men? Do you relate well to men?" Mia asked Penny, but her eyes directed the question to Penny's cleavage.

"I get along very well with men," she answered then noted Mia's gaze and added. "The girls here might have something to do with that," she said with a slight laugh.

"I'm sure they do," Mia responded. "How about other women? Do the girls help you to interact with them too?"

Penny wasn't sure how to answer this question, but was now very much aware that Mia had been checking out her breasts ever since she met her in the reception area. "I've definitely had many more men talk to my breasts than to my face, but I've met a few women who appreciate my cleavage." She hoped this answer was adequate. She would hate to assume something and then find out she was mistaken.

"I'm sure many women would appreciate your cleavage," Mia answered. "I assume that the very attractive blouse you are wearing now would not be normal attire at your last job."

"No, it wouldn't be. They had very strict dress code. Is it inappropriate for this company?" Penny asked.

"Not at all, we are very open here." Mia responded. "How about couples and groups. Do you function well in a mixed group? Are you mostly all about business or do you joke around and try to blend in with the group?"

I think I try to become a part of the group. I believe you put people off if you're all business all the time." Penny thought she nailed this question too, until she thought that Mia might be asking something other than what it appeared on the surface.

Mia seemed to like her answer, but still had more. "Do you consider yourself to be open minded and willing to try new things?

This was an unexpected question for an interview and Penny wasn't sure what exactly Mia was asking. She'd been getting the impression all along that Mia was either hitting on her or implying that this job might be something totally different from anything she'd done before. "I try to be, but I suppose it would depend on what was being asked of me."

"How about if a client ask you to wear something more revealing?" Mia asked.

Penny was surprised at the question, but had an answer at her fingertips. "I am proud of my body and have never had any problem showing it off."

Mia smiled at that answer. "How do you feel about flirting in the workplace?"

Again, Penny had never been asked this question before and had flirted often as much as was allowed, and had many late-night fantasies involving co-workers. "I think it keeps the work place fun," she answered honestly.

"We have clients that prefer a certain body type, would you be okay in dealing with a client who was only interested in your breasts and nipples?" Mia asked?

Penny was now certain this was not an interview for any job, she'd ever had before and the comments that Mia had made yesterday started to clarify that understanding. She wouldn't work during the day and could make a lot more money. Penny had never thought of anyone wanting to pay her for how she looked. She wasn't a fashion model, but she did have nice tits.

She thought about this question for a long time and found that she was starting to get aroused. "I think I'd like to work with someone who was interested in my tits."

"Great, would it matter to you if they were male or female?" Mia asked.

Penny's nipples were now definitely hard and she felt the wetness collecting in her panties. "Not at all," she responded.

Mia looked at her with the same level of lust as Penny had seen many times before from men, "Would you take off your blouse?" she asked.

Penny smiled thinking this must be a dream come true as she unbuttoned the remaining buttons and slipped her blouse over her shoulders. "Bra too?" she asked.

"Yes please," Mia responded licking her lips.

Penny removed her lace bra and displayed herself to the attractive woman, "you said this was a customer service job that worked at night. Is this position for some type of server wearing sexy, revealing clothing, maybe topless? I'm good with that, and I'm sure it would pay much more than what I was making."

"It's not quite like a waitressing job, but it sometimes involves wearing revealing clothing and sometimes showing skin, for individuals and sometimes groups." Do you think you can do that?" Mia asked. "It would also involve some touching."

Mia watched Penny closely, she knew Penny would be perfect for this job, but could be easily scared off if too much was revealed too soon. Mia had to keep her aroused and just feed her little tidbits of information.

"There no where a woman can work where she won't get groped. Most of the time I enjoy it and as far as showing off a bit of skin goes, like I said before I'm proud of my body. If I can stay out of the poor house, what's the harm in a little flirting? Fondling is part of the game, and I, for one, like it."

"So, you'd be okay making out with the customers? Only men? Or women too? How about couples, or small groups?" Mia pushed the topless woman seated in front of her. She could tell that Penny was open to the idea of making out with others by watching her nipples tighten.

"This job is starting to sound interesting. Sounds like you are talking about more than just casual flirting." Penny commented.

Mia noticed that Penny hadn't hesitated about removing her blouse and bra, as if this were just part of the interview process. She thought she might push her just a bit further. "You have lovely breasts and seem to be comfortable showing them."

"Thank you. I do like showing them off, but rarely get a chance to be topless. Would this job involve me being topless in front of men, women, couples, or groups?" Penny asked.

Mia noticed that Penny's nipples hardened as she asked her question, so she decided to tell her more about the position, " Yes, and many would like to touch your breasts, maybe even suck on your nipples."

There was now no doubt that Penny was aroused.

"Do you mind if I touch your breasts?" Mia asked.

Penny knew that her attractive neighbor had been checking her out and was certain that her asking to touch her breasts was not part of the interview, "I'd like that," she said.

Mia smiled, "me too." Mia got out of her seat and approached the half-naked woman and instead of just reaching out in an exploratory touch, she embraced the other woman in a passionate hug while she fondled Penny's breasts. She ended the hug with a kiss.

"I guess you could say that the interview is now entering into a new phase," Mia said regaining her seat.

"That was fantastic. Is this just a perk, or is this the actual job?" Penny asked with a grin.

"That's a perk. I've wanted to do that since we first met." Mia shared. "There is an actual job and it does involve what we just did and more, but I think you already guessed that part from the questions I asked you. I'm sure you've heard of an escort service; we are like that and I have one customer who has been asking for someone just like you."

"I kind of thought it might be something like that. How far would I have to go with these customers?" Penny asked.

"Only as far as you are willing, but the happier you make the customer the more money you make." Mia answered. "Would you like a day or two to think it over?"

"I don't need a day to think it over. When can I start?" Penny asked.

"Would you be interested in meeting the customer I mentioned? The one who has been asking for a person just like you." Mia asked. "I would go with you and this would just be so you can meet him, unless you want more."

"Okay, when can I meet this mystery man?" Penny asked.

"Are you sure? I can make a call right now and set it up." Mia offered.

"Let's do it." Penny agreed

Mia picked up the phone and hit her speed dial. " Hello, Mr. Simon. You remember that request you made the other day? I may have someone who can help you. Would you be interested in meeting with her?" Mia spoke into the phone.

After a few minutes and Mia jotting down an address she ended the call and turned towards Penny. "Let's go."

Mia drove them to a hotel not too far away and led Penny up to the 7th floor. She knocked on the door that matched the room number in her hand.

A middle-aged man opened the door wearing a suit. "Ah Mia, I'm so glad to see you and who might your lovely guest be?"

Mr. Simon, I'd like to present Penny." Mia introduced.

Mr. Simon welcomed them into his hotel room and scanned Penny up and down but focused his gaze on her breasts and the two open buttons.

"Penny, you are indeed beautiful. I do love the black lace bra you are wearing; would you mind showing me more of it?" Mr. Simon asked. He stood back from her so as not to intimidate her. He was also very polite and maybe a bit timid in his requests.

Penny looked at the professional looking gentleman and smiled, "Thank you so much, and I'd love to show my bra to you." She started to unbutton her blouse.

Mr. Simon interrupted her and asked, "could you do it slowly?"

Penny's smile widened. She saw that she would have a lot of power over this man. She closed her blouse restricting his view of her cleavage, "certainly," she replied then slowly pulled her blouse open again. She now had three buttons open and started to toy with the fourth. She saw the eagerness in his eyes and leaned forward towards him holding her blouse as far open as it would go.

Mia spoke up, "Mr. Simon. We have not yet talked about any services you might require. Penny is only here to meet you and for you to meet her. If you want to schedule more of her time, we will need to talk more."

"Of course, how rude of me. I must admit that Penny is everything I could wish for and more. Would it be possible to schedule some time to get to know each other better and discuss how she might be able to assist me?" Mr. Simon asked.

"Of course," Mia responded. "If Penny agrees, we may be able to talk about how her skills could assist you now, at the normal consultant rates."

"That is acceptable to me, if it is acceptable to Miss Penny." He responded.

Mia turned to face Penny, "Do you have time now to discuss Mr. Simon's situation, or do we have to come back some other time?"

Penny saw the technique Mia used on this man and following her lead and paused a bit before responding, "I can spare a few minutes now."

"Great," Mr. Simon agreed. I am very interested in women's undergarments and if you wouldn't mind, I'd love to see the black lace bra you are wearing.

Penny glanced over at Mia and saw her nod. She then opened her blouse again and returned to playing with her fourth button.

Over the next 20 minutes Penny had teased the well-dressed man. She ended up without her blouse and one bra strap off her shoulder. Mia had indicated that this was all the time they had today.

Mr. Simon requested Penny to wear some lingerie next time and handed her five 100-dollar bills to buy something nice.

Penny and Mia left the room and Mia indicated that Penny was to keep her mouth shut until they go back into her car.


Lost Job Pt. 02

Penny gets a new wardrobe for Mr. Simon.

Penny and Mia left Mr. Simon's room in silence. Mia had warned Penny to not say a word until they were in her car.

"Why all the secrecy?" Penny asked after Mia started to drive them back to her office.

"In case you didn't know, Mr. Simon is not his real name and if you want to see him again, you will not ask anything about him. He is a client and that is all," Mia answered. "Are you interested in seeing him again and showing off some expensive lingerie?"

"He gave me five hundred dollars to buy something nice; you bet I'm interested," Penny replied enthusiastically.

"Great, by the way that five hundred is yours, plus you will get a fee for your time when we get back to the office. I also get my cut. Any monies he gives you is yours. He pays me directly your fee and my commission." Mia explained.

They soon reached Mia's office and were again seated as they were during the interview. "Do you have any idea of what kind of lingerie you want to get? Or where to get it?" Mia asked.

"Not really. Do you have any suggestions?" Penny asked.

"I know a woman, Julie, who is an expert at fitting lingerie to any body type. I use her often. I'll give her a call and set up an appointment for you. Do you have any idea of what you would like, or would you trust mine and Julie's opinion on both what would look good on you and what Mr. Simon might like?" Mia offered.

"So far your opinion has made me five hundred dollars richer, so I'll get whatever you think is best." Penny replied.

"You know you will have to pay for the lingerie out of that five hundred, but as long as we're talking about money, your little meet and greet today earned you three hundred dollars cash." Mia then placed three one-hundred-dollar bills in front of her. "After you get your outfits, we can set up another date with Mr. Simon."

Mia picked up her phone and pressed a number, "Hello Julie, are you available to outfit a new girl for Mr. Simon?"

Mia listen for a moment then said into the phone, "he would probably like her in a bodysuit, definitely a corset and stocking, and round it out with a shelf bra and crotchless panties." Mia again paused.

"Her name is Penny and she can be there in an hour." After another pause, she replied, "Great, I'll send her over now."

Mia ended the call and turned to Penny, "She can see you now and she has experience outfitting ladies for Mr. Simon."

Mia gave Penny directions to the shop which was only a couple of miles away and Penny headed out to dress for her new adventure.

Penny entered the small boutique. It was modern and not at all like the clothing stores she'd been to before. There were not racks and racks of clothing taking up every square inch of space, but it did showcase a couple of very lifelike manikins wearing some very shear material that even made plastic look sexy.

A petite frail looking woman stepped from behind a curtain that Penny hadn't noticed before but appeared to hide the majority of the store. "You must be Penny," the woman announced extending her hand.

Penny shock the woman's hand noting that she was not as frail as she appeared. "Yes, Mia sent me over. Are you Julie?"

"Yes, Mia told me all about you and I'm familiar with what Mr. Simon likes. Excuse me while I put up the closed sign and we can step in the back and get started dressing you like a goddess." Julie stepped around Penny, closed and locked the door, turned the sign to closed and led Penny towards the back of the store on the other side of the curtain.

Penny noted that this area was a cross between a fashion runway and a workroom. There were chairs set around a viewing stage and lots of mirrors. Three changing rooms against the back wall and several large tables.

"Okay, let's get started, shall we," Julie stated. "You can leave your clothes in the room over there and come out naked."

"Completely naked?" Penny asked.

"Yes, we are going to dress you in mist only to create an allusion of a sexual goddess. Underwear ruins that vision. Do you want Mr. Simon to see a goddess or a maid?" Julie asked.

Penny removed all of her clothing and stepping out of the changing room totally naked in front of the woman she had just met. She felt a mixture of embarrassment coupled with a touch of arousal. She knew that Mia found her attractive, but she wasn't sure of this woman. Penny oscillated between wanting this woman to caress her and hoping she wouldn't.

"Lovely!" Julie commented seeing Penny step out. "Step up onto the stage please and I'll take a few measurements."

Penny stepped up onto the stage keeping her eyes glued to the other woman. She saw Julie study her; she couldn't be certain if it was professionalism or lust in the small woman's eyes. Penny felt her arousal building as her mind considered the small hands caressing her naked body.

Julie took out her tape measure and proceeded to wrap it around Penny's naked body in all the usual places and each time Julie's hand touched her, Penny felt an electric shock traveling through her body. The measuring seemed to take longer than what Penny considered normal, but she was far from complaining. The petite hands touched her in places that seemed innocent, but did not feel as if they were. Julie made sure to measure Penny's breasts several times and her butt received similar scrutiny.

When Julie finally put away her tape and left to look for a piece of lingerie, Penny was panting.

Julie came back with a fabric that looked more like smoke than a piece of clothing. Julie described it as a body suit, but it looked like a wide translucent piece of ribbon. Julie helped Penny put it on; it covered the important parts, leaving a lot of bare skin that somehow focused all the attention onto the parts covered. Julie then handed Penny a very shear robe with a single tie.

Penny examined herself in the mirror and swore she looked like the embodiment of smoke as if she was a goddess rising out of smoke, "this is great," she exclaimed.

"We're not done yet," Julie answered, as she checked the fit of this first piece of lingerie. Again, her hands roamed over Penny's body supposedly examining the fit of the fabric, but felt anything but innocent. "Take it off and get ready for the next piece," she said.

Penny was still panting when Julie came backing holding a standard looking albeit small white corset, a pair of white shear stockings, and a shear white robe.

Penny knew how to put on the corset, but was surprised that it only pushed up her breasts, but did nothing to cover them. She donned the stockings and looked in the mirror to realize that her breasts were pushed out and her nipples appeared to be presented to any viewer. Her pussy was framed perfectly by the whiteness of the corset and stockings.

Julie handed her the sheer white robe and now she looked like a vision surrounded in mist.

"Lovely, simply lovely," Julie said as she lightly stroked Penny's shoulders through the sheer coverup.

Penny admired herself in the mirror and at the same time positioned her body to give Julie easy access to her almost bare butt.

"I have something else for you, just a second," Julie announced as she sped off.

Penny removed the outfit she wore in preparation for the next set of clothing and again stood nude when Julie walked up carrying some bright red fabric.

Penny put on the red shelf bra and crotchless panties just as Julie came back carrying a simple wrap around dress that could be appropriate for streetwear.

"If you wear this over, you can arrive at Mr. Simons and simply unwrap the dress like a present for him," Julie commented.

Penny collected the items Julie had recommended and paid for her purchases. She was surprised at the discount Julie offered her, but then understood that she was now committed to buy all of her new professional clothing here.

Penny drove back to the office to see her friend, and boss, Mia. She walked into Mia's office.

Mia looked up, "So, are you happy with what Julie had for you?"

"These are the sexiest outfits I've ever seen," she still wore the red wrap around dress.

"Show me," Mia asked.

Penny set down the bag she'd carried in and slowly untied the tie on the red wrap around dress. She pulled one side free exposing the shelf bra and her exposed right nipple.

Mia let out an auditable sigh and Penny released the other half of her wrap around dress pulling both sides open. She removed the dress and set it on the chair beside her just as Mia approached her.

Penny posed for her friend and allowed Mia to reach up to pinch her hardened nipples.

"Very nice," Mia said reaching down to explore the crotchless panties and Penny's wetness.

Penny then pulled out the other two outfits she'd just purchased and showed them to her boss. Mia insisted she model them.

There was no changing room here and Penny smiled, knowing that this very attractive woman wanted to see her naked. She removed the bra and panties. She stood totally naked in an office with the door still open as she reached down to put on the smoke outfit thinking this one would be what she would use to tease Mr. Simon.

Penny modeled her body barely concealed by the faux smoke material for Mia and saw her drool. "Do you think Mr Simon will like this?" she asked her boss.

"Oh yes. He's going to love this. In case you hadn't noticed Mr. Simon is a voyeur; he likes to look only and he won't touch you, but he enjoys being teased.

Penny then modeled the white corset, stockings, and shear cover up for Mia. Mia almost fell out of her chair when she saw Penny displayed so wantonly. She approached her newest employee and ran her hands over the shear material covering her breasts.

"Turn around. Let me see you from the back," Mia instructed.

Penny did a slow turn and displayed her ass for her new employer. Mia reached out and stroked the presented derriere. "Lovely," she said, "I'm sure Mr. Simon will love admiring your charms. Are you ready to see him now, or would you rather wait for me to call him tomorrow?"

"I'm looking forward to showing him my new lingerie, call him now," Penny answered.

Mia punched in Mr. Simon's number on speed dial and almost immediately started talking. "Hello Mr. Simon, Penny has just gotten back from Julie's and she looks amazing. She can't wait to show you what she got. Would you like to see her tonight at the standard rate?"

Mia hung up the phone and turned towards. Penny, "He said he'd love to see you tonight and asked you to come over and give your name to the security guard."

Penny put on the bra/pantie combination and covered it with the wrap around dress and said good night to Mia as she headed out the door with her other outfits. She looked forward to her first paid sexual adventure. Her body tingled as she climbed into her car.

She thought it strange that Mia had told her that Mr. Simon would not touch her. She knew what a voyeur was, but always thought they didn't want to be seen at all. She would see Mr. Simon. Maybe, being a very wealthy man, he was also germophobic. She had heard that many rich people did not touch other people.

She arrived at the hotel Mia had taken her to earlier in the day. She addressed the doorman saying, "Penny to see Mr. Simon," and entered the door that he held open for her. She walked up to the counter and again announced, "Penny to see Mr. Simon."

The clerk rang the room and then directed her to the appropriate room number. She again saw a guard outside the door and once more announced, "Penny to see Mr. Simon." The guard opened the door and stepped back.

Penny walked into the suite and noticed Mr. Simon dressed in a robe, "I'm glad to see you and look forward to seeing what you bought. Why don't you give me a show?"

"I'd love to," Penny responded.

Mr. Simon took a seat in the center of a large sofa and Penny started to parade herself in the large open area in front of Mr. Simon in the way she had seen fashion models walk down the runway. She walked towards him then turned and walked past him towards the right then turned to walk past him towards the left. Making sure he saw her from all angles before turning and walking away from him in the ample space afforded by his suite. She then untied the tie of her wrap as she again advanced toward him and opened the wrap more with each step.

By the time she stood directly in front of him her bright red shelf bra was exposed and she turned to walk past him she removed her wrap and threw it aside. Her bright red under garments were now all that covered her, well almost covered her. She turned to complete her circuit by walking away from him and showing off her mostly naked ass.

She turned to walk back towards him and noticed that he had opened his robe and was gently stroking his cock. She continued walking toward him slowly while biting her lower lip. She completed her walk glanced back at him often as he continued to stroke himself.

When she turned to face him again, she spread her legs in a defiant pose and asked, "are you ready to see the next outfit?"

Mr. Simon choked out his reply, "Yes, please."

Penny bent over to pick up her bag and hesitated for a bit longer than necessary making sure her client got a good view of her backside, then stepped the several feet into the kitchen to change. She was barely concealed by the counter and cabinetry. She put on the white outfit that Julie had said made her look like she was clothed in mist. The corset and stockings framed her nicely and the shear cover up did nothing to hide her charms.

Penny glanced over into the living room where Mr. Simon was still seated to see him leaning forward trying to watch her change. She stepped out and again took her starting position for her runway walk, she again considered if Mr. Simon was germophobic and based on how he had avoided toughing her every time they'd met, she concluded that it would be best to assume he was, but she might try to get close.

She walked toward him holding the shear wrap in both hands and swaying it back and forth as if it were being blown by the wind. She watched him watching her as if hypnotized by her motions. She followed the same path she had before noting that he was more energetic about his masturbation. His legs were spread and the robe was wide open.

Penny continued to struct in front of him and often bent over presenting her barely covered ass to him within just a foot of the sofa. She enjoyed watching his excitement build and thought of changing outfits, but did not want to break the mood and the building tension. She had been teasing him for over an hour when he erupted in a stream that shot out several feet. She was out of range, but thought that next time she might make sure she was closer when he came.

Mr. Simon caught his breath and indicated a envelop on the table. "That was one of the best orgasms I've had in quite a while. I'll ask for you again."

"I did have another outfit to model. Should I wait until next time, or do you want to see it now?" Penny asked.

Mr. Simon got hard again hearing these words, but responded, "I'm not sure my heart can handle any more, but bring it next time."

Penny gathered her clothes and stripped down naked in front of him. She did not try to be provocative, but simply changed into the wrap around she wore when she came in. His eyes never left her.

"I'll look forward to seeing you again," she said once she was dressed for public view and had the bag with the rest of her clothing and the envelop. She then stepped out into the hallway and back down to the parking garage.

When Penny got back to Mia's, she was greeted by a very excited Mia," whatever you did with Mr. Simon was a hit. He wants you back tomorrow and he offered you a tip over and above what he already given you.

