Our Swinging experience

Narrated by Jeevan < jeevan80@yahoo.com>


	Hey I am Raja and my wife is Megha. We were open about sex and wanted to try swinging as a part of spicing up our married sex life. We had placed an ad on the web and were scanning the mails when my wife came up with the photograph of a handsome looking man. His name was Pradeep and he was from the same city we were, Mumbai. I contacted him and we met one day. He was a real nice guy, but very shy and my wife liked him very much. The night we met, we all had a great conversation and I could tell Megha was very turned on by him; but we both also knew nothing would happen that night!  Our eventual goal was to find someone like Pradeep as a long-term friend, and lover, so we were both more than patient. Later that night/morning after Megha & I returned home, we fucked ourselves silly as we talked about how excited Pradeep had gotten her!!  Megha came hard a couple of times as I talked about how Pradeep's lund would feel inside her, and how his cum might taste to her.  She was really turned on!
	Well, over a week passed before Pradeep called Megha at work one day.  He said he wanted to meet us for dinner & drinks. I had to work late, and couldn't make it, but I did encourage Megha to go, and so she accepted his invitation, and they planned to meet later that evening.

OH, before I go any further, maybe I should tell you a little about Pradeep!  He was a nice looking, and in his late twenties.  Megha is 39 and I am 38 ..... younger men turn her on!  He is about 5'8" and has a nice build, Dark black hair and deep black eyes.  Although he is by no means a body-builder, his body looked like he did a little working out every now and then.  The other thing Megha mentioned about him more than a few times, was that as they talked she could see  a VERY nice bulge in his pants. And once or twice as they walked on a crowded road she had felt the bulge on her gaand. For Megha; very nice meant he must be at least a little well hung!!

The night they got together that first time was rather calm.  The way things worked out, they did meet for dinner They spent most of the time 
Talking about each other and me. When they were talking she had felt his legs touching her and his hands brushing her thighs. When I came home Megha told me about the meeting. I was a little disappointed to learn that they just had a lot of talk,but I could also see (and feel) that my wife was VERY turned on!!!!!!!!!!  AGAIN, we fucked like crazy that night as we talked of Pradeep.

A couple of more weeks pass, and again Pradeep calls and again I have to work, so Megha meets him alone.  This time however they go to a club where Megha & I go to.  This time the meeting is MUCH more erotic, and there is a LOT of  kissing and touching. BUT again the evening ends
with nothing more than some heavy petting, and Megha getting to rub his hard lund through his pants as they sit in his car  THEN she heads home to me. AGAIN  we fuck ourselves silly that night!

Well, "I" decided to try and speed the things , so I contacted Pradeep. I told him how turned on Megha is, and that it's ok if he wants to fuck her. 
Megha listens to me as I talk and then practically rapes me on the spot.

A few days later Pradeep calls her at work. it seems that Pradeep had been out of town on business, and that is why he hadn't called.  The day he called he also sent an e-mail to Megha explaining his lack of contact.  He ended the e-mail by telling her how much he missed her sweet kisses. Megha was HOT!  He also told her that he'd like to meet again for dinner .This was a Sat night, and I didn't have to work, but I let Megha go alone because she wanted to  and I wanted her too.

	That night Megha got home around  2 am.  Again, I was naked in bed waiting.  I can always tell when "something" has happened, because she doesn't go into the bathroom right away to wash her face instead, she jumps in bed after tearing her clothes off, and fucks me silly! 
That's what happened that night~~~~~!!!!!  As my lund slid into her wet hole, she groaned and told me of her evening with him.  She and Pradeep had met as usual for drinks, and dinner. After dinner they went in through his car and as they sat in the car she and Pradeep were all over each other.  In the past their "make-outs" had been restricted to mutual groping through clothes, and some heavy kissing, but tonight it was different.  No sooner were they in the car and their mouths locked together and then when they were a bit out of town  Megha's shirt was
open, her bra undone and Pradeep was sucking her nipples. She in turn had his lund out of his pants and was stroking him as he sucked her breasts, and fingered her.

Megha & I fucked like crazy as she was telling me all this ...... at that point she did tell me that his lund was "a little bigger than mine", but that is all she really said while describing the details of their hot & heavy petting .As my lund filled her Megha told me of how Pradeep had her nipple sucked in his mouth.  She had her hand around his lund, pumping him, and he was fingering her choot like mad.  Ohhhhhhhh she had worn shalwar and no panties that night in anticipation of this possibly happening. ANYWAY, her mouth then replaced her hand, and she sucked her new lover off.  It didn't take long before he was filling her mouth with his cum! She sucked and swallowed his hot load and he fingered her to an orgasm!
	Nothing more happened that night.  After they both calmed down a bit Pradeep sent her home! To say she was disappointed would have been an understatement, but it was late, and they both had cum.

	Over the next week Megha couldn't stop talking about Pradeep, and we made love every night. On Friday night Pradeep came over to our house! Megha & Pradeep spent little time talking about me during their "get together".  And after their last meeting the two of them hatched a
Plan  without letting me know about it. Pradeep was due to be transferred to his new job very soon,the following week, and they both knew that it would probably be the last time they would be getting together, so Megha sent our kids off for the weekend  and she and Pradeep planned our "get together".

	I got home from work that Friday around 6pm.  I found a note from Megha pinned to a towel on the couch....... it read:

"Go to the kitchen and get the bottle of wine from the fridge." "Pour yourself a glass, and then go upstairs, and take a hot bath." "I'll talk to you later" "Love, Megha"
***********************************************************************

I did as I was told, but I also searched the house over before taking  my bath. But there was no sign of Megha.  I took my bath, and enjoyed my wine, and then I heard laughter coming from the bedroom.  I got out of the bathroom, dried myself off; grabbed my wine and headed for the bedroom with shaky legs!  Between the hot water, and the wine, I was nice and relaxed and had a very nice intoxication! As I opened the door to the bedroom, I saw Pradeep & Megha sitting on the bed.  They were both fully clothed, but they had been doing a little more than talking!  Pradeep's shirt was undone, and there were a few red lipstick marks on his chest ...... Megha's shirt was undone, her braless breasts exposed, and her nipples were sticking out hard! 
	They both looked a little "flushed", and they both smiled as they saw me open the door.
	Megha was the first to speak as she greeted me:  "Hi darling Hubby", she said. "Come on and join the party".
Then Pradeep spoke, "Megha & I have been doing a little warming up!"

I entered the bedroom, and then Megha motioned for me to sit in the easy chair across from the bed. I sat down, and then Megha got up 
and walked over to me, her breasts swinging as she walked, and then she leaned over, kissed me deeply, and squeezed, my now hard lund through the towel around my waist.

"I want you to sit back, and enjoy the show."; she told me.

Pradeep then got up and joined her beside me, and it was then that I noticed the scarves he had been hiding behind his back!!  I must have jumped a little, because Megha tightened her grip on my lund, and told me to just be still!  With that, Pradeep tied a scarf around one of my wrists, and then the other.  He then bound both arms to the arms of the chair so that I couldn't move my arms!! 
I was torn, because I didn't know if I wanted to do this, but at the same time Megha was stroking my lund firmly, and making me feel sooooo good!! Pradeep then bound each of my legs, spread open, to the scarves that stretched from my bound wrists!  
	Megha smiled and said: "Hummmmm baby, your lund is harder than ever ... you must be liking this!" She was right!  My lund was HARD!! With that, she released her grip on my throbbing erection, and she and Pradeep walked back over to the bed!!  As soon as they stood at the foot of the bed, they embraced and started kissing!  Although their mouths were close, I could see their tongues as they licked and kissed each other. Then they started stripping each other's clothes off.  Megha was naked first, and I could swear I could see her choot juices flowing. Pradeep was down to his underwear and then Megha used both hands and pulled them off.

Either my little slut had been teasing me, or she was just a natural tease. When Pradeep's lund sprang free I saw that HE WAS HUGE!! I was always quite proud of my 7", and what I felt was my unusually thick lund BUT.. Pradeep was at LEAST 2" longer than me, and half inch thicker! I must have let out a gasp because Pradeep just smiled, and turned to look at me and said;

"What's the matter?" "Afraid of how much Megha is going to like this?"
I just sat there, bound, and with my mouth open, unable to speak!  It wasn't just the size of his lund that had me speechless, but his
balls were also twice the size of mine  and I know how much that turns Megha on too!
	When I didn't answer; Pradeep turned his attention back to Megha.  With both of them naked now, they started kissing once again. I watched as Megha's hand wrapped around his thick lund, and she started stroking him.  Pradeep lowered his mouth to her left breast, and started sucking her nipple! (her left is the most sensitive)
Megha groaned, and stroked him faster.  Then Pradeep started a dialogue that he kept up throughout their entire love-making. His lips broke from her nipple and he said;

"You think this lund is big enough for you Megha?"

Megha hissed through clinched teeth;

"Ohhhhhhhhhhhhh God yes!!!"

	With that, Pradeep commanded her to get on her knees and "suck him". There wasn't even a second's hesitation on Megha's part!  Sinking to her knees, Megha's tongue licked his massive head, and then her lips parted and she sucked him in her mouth!!!!!! 
Even though I couldn't touch myself, my lund felt the sucking, back
and forth in time to Megha's bobbing head, and sucking mouth on Pradeep's lund. Even though Pradeep was not at all touching her; Megha moaned,and groaned, and made sighing sounds as those hot lips and tongue sucked his lund like it was the best thing she ever tasted. Pradeep's head was tilted back,and his eyes were closed as he enjoyed my wifes "oral" skills.  After a few minutes Pradeep looked right at me and said;

"God this slut wife of yours can suck. Sali kaisa choos rahi hai mera lund!!" and with that he came, and emptied his cum into her mouth. I could see Megha swallowing his cum, and she moaned again as he emptied his balls into her mouth! His back arched, and he shot load after load in to her eager mouth!  She swallowed EVERY DROP! When he was finally finished cumming she lovingly licked his lund clean, and then licked his balls tenderly. 
	I thought my lund was going to explode as I watched her make love to his balls with her sticky lips & tongue! then he pushed her away and helped her over to me, and placed her hand on my lund.

"Pump your husbands little pecker, slut" he told her; "But don't let him cum."

Megha did as she was told. After a few minutes rest Pradeep joined her.  He watched for a couple of minutes, and then he stood. His now semi-hard lund was only inches from my face, and he looked down at Megha
and told her to tell me to kiss his lund and make it hard so he could fuck his wife. with it! His lund touched my lips; I kissed it and then he looked at me and asked Megha to do the rest. Megha sucked on his lund and in between I kissed it many times, the same lund that was about to enter my wifes choot!
It didn't take him long to get fully erect again, and when he did, he grabbing Megha's hand lead her back to the bed.  She never even looked back at me as he pulled her down, and she spread her legs wide for him.  Pradeep was good at teasing, and he slowly rubbed the head of his lund across her clit, and between her wet choot lips, but didn't stick it in her yet! Megha was moaning, and her hips were grinding as she tried to get his lund inside her.  Finally, he slowed his teasing, and then he reached under her and grabbed her ass  and sloooooowly slid his lund into her!!!! She almost screamed, as she moaned and said:

"Yes .... oh god YES! Fuck my choot! Chodo muze!Ohhhh Dekho mera pati ye saab dekh raha hai aur uska bhi lund khada ho raha hai!" They looked at my growing lund and smuiled.
	Pradeep was in control, but he didn't just slam into her choot.  He knew exactly what he was doing, as he slowly slid each massive inch inside my wife!!  He was taking his time, and it was driving her crazy with lust!!!!!  I watched as her legs spread wide, and her hands clutched his ass, trying to draw him deeper inside her.  When he finally had his full length in her, I saw Megha begin to shake; her nipples got even harder, and she breathed in short gasping breaths. She was cumming!  Pradeep smiled a deep and warm smile, and he remained still burried all the way in her as her hips bucked and she gasped that she was cumming! He rode her through her orgasm, and then he started slowly fucking her.  
	NOW, I've been able to bring her off in one climax ...and then a
few minutes later bring her to another ... but this was different!!!!!  It was like her climax never ended!!!!!  For almost ten minutes she bucked and fucked back at him, and would slow for a minute, and then pant that she was cumming again! I guess this was truly what women call a multiple orgasm! I know it was at least 10 minutes, because I could feel every tick of the clock as my own lund throbbed to the seconds .I truly felt deep love that she was being satisfied in a different, and even possibly better way than she ever had before! 
	It was such a turn on to watch as she lost total control, and let her body enjoy all of the sensations she was experiencing! Again, Pradeep let her ride through several orgasms, and when she did slow a bit, he withdrew.  I could see the look on Megha's face as the object of her pleasure was taken away, but I knew Pradeep had other plans!  After he pulled his lund from her, he flipped Megha over on her stomach.  He then grabbed a pillow, and slid it under her pelvis.  This meant she was still resting on her tummy on the bed, but her ass was now sticking very invitingly into the air.  She in turn wiggled down, and stuck her ass up even further, and BEGGED him to fuck her!!!!!!

"Please, Please, Please, fuck my choot"; she kept begging .. until he again slipped his lund inside her!!!!!!!!!!!!!  She sighed, and said;

"God I need your lund badly! Chodo muze!"

He then became a little more forceful in his thrusting, and as he did he grasped her hair and pulled her head up.  It was by no means a rough treatment.... just two lovers in the heat of passion! AND she loved it!  I'd never seen her like this ass thrusting back to meet every thrust he made, his hand pulling her hair as he fucked into her ...... and then the ultimate turn on was when he kept asking/telling her that he always knew she would like being fucked hard like an animal and all she could say was yes yes yes YES!!!

It seemed like another twenty minutes, and several more orgasms for Megha later, that Pradeep's balls began to tighten up. His tempo increased, and his balls slapped Megha's ass even harder and faster .. and then he tensed. I could see his lund begin to pulse, and he started cumming inside Megha's choot. all she could do was hold on and scream OOOOOOOHHHH YESSSSSSSSSS!AAAAAAAAhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!!!

Both of their bodies were hot & sweaty, and her choot was a wet mess, and his lund covered with both of their juices as they lay in a heap on the bed together!!!!!!!!!!!!  After a few soft kisses..... Pradeep again helped Megha up,and the two of them walked over to me. when Pradeep stuck his lund in my face I didn't hesitate!!  I licked and sucked him clean of my wife's juices, and his cum ...... as I did this I was FINALLY rewarded with her wet mouth sucking my lund in, and I exploded in less than five seconds!!!!!!!!!!!  Megha sucked all of
my cum down; I cleaned Pradeep's lund ... and then Megha squatted above me and I cleaned her choot up too!!!!!!!!!!!  When it was all over, I don't think any of us had the energy to speak for several minutes!!!!!

WELL,  I was untied, and Megha & I snuggled on the bed as Pradeep dressed.  We all said our goodnights, and then Pradeep was out the door. Both Megha & I knew that this was probably the last time we would see him ............His new job was not only in a different city ... but in a different country. Megha did get to meet him a couple of days later, before he did actually leave ...... she spent the night with him .. on his final night here

At first she was a little nervous that I might have been hurt or upset at her totally wild passion for Pradeep and his lund ...... but
we both know how much we love each other ..... And as she has shared other women with me, and we have shared other couples together there is no way I could or would ever be upset by seeing her truly enjoy herself the way she did with Pradeep ........................

