Burbank, California
February, 1996

The day was rainy and cold, the puddles on the road soaking into Tommy’s shoes as he hurried along the street. He was walking with his head down, hood and hat almost hiding his face from view, but his eyes were alert as they always were. Music was pouring from his headphones into his human ears, all but deafening him to outside noise, but his cat ears could still pick up sound if need be.

He was on his way back from the video store where he had picked up a couple movies for that night, and his house was just on the next street. There was a little park across from him, and usually it was filled with the sound of screaming, happy children. Today though, it stood lonely and sodden, and Tommy felt it was a good metaphor for his life. As he paused to take in the silent park his nostrils twitched and he picked up a sharp, ugly scent on the air. Narrowing his eyes and swivelling his cat ears forward he stepped out onto the street. Spray from a passing car soaked him and he jumped a little at the sound of a horn, giving the irate driver the finger. When he reached the park the wet grass squished beneath his feet and he shivered. Ascending the slight incline and peering through the branches of a scraggly tree he gasped and reeled back in shock as the smell hit him full force. It was the smell of fear, of anger, of hate, and pain, and while every feline instinct in him told him to run, his humanity wouldn’t allow him to move.

Carefully he parted the tree branches again, and took in the sight below him. At first he could see nothing out of place, but his super-sensitive hearing picked up pained noises coming from across the playground. With one last cautious look around he descended the hill and made his way over to the teeter-totters. On the ground beneath them someone was curled up in the fetal position, shivering. Tommy crouched next to them, and gasped in shock when they looked up at him.

“Christian? What happened?”

“They came out of nowhere! I don’t know…I don’t know…” he trailed off, and Tommy looked around, all senses heightened with fear, the hairs at the back of his neck prickling as though someone was watching them.

“Ok, ok…take it easy. Here, can you stand up?” Tommy held out his hand.

“I think so. Fuck! Those assholes are gonna get what’s coming to them one day!” he gripped Tommy’s hand and held on tightly as they stood up. Once vertical he swayed dangerously, and Tommy shifted to hold him up.

“Are you sure about this? And what assholes exactly?”
“Yeah, I’m sure. I can’t lie on the ground all night can I? I’d fucking freeze to death. And the assholes I’m talking about are the - ” his breath hitched in pain. “ - the thugs from school. Those three fuckheads from the football team. Ya know?” Tommy nodded and they slowly began making their way across the park and back up the hill. Once they were at the road again Christian let go of Tommy and stepped back, eyes shifting away nervously.

“Um…thanks for the help man, that was decent of you.”

“What? You think I would’ve left you there? Fuck that!”

“Anyone else would’ve.”

“Yeah? Well I’m not just anyone.”

Christian huffed out a pained laugh. “You got that right, Demoni.”

“Don’t call me that!” Tommy snapped, glaring at him.

“Whoa! Sorry!” the injured boy held a hand up in surrender, wrapping the other around his torso, wincing.

Tommy immediately regretted his outburst. “No, don’t worry ‘bout it. Sorry for freaking out. We should probably get you to the hospital or something.”

“It’s cool, man. I don’t blame ya. I don’t need a hospital though. Just need to go home and take some painkillers, sleep. Mmm…bed sounds amazing right now.”

Tommy blushed involuntarily. “Ok. Well how far is your house.”

“A few blocks away.”

“Dude, you’re not gonna make it walking. How ‘bout we go to my house and you can crash there until someone can pick you up?”

Christian nodded, slinging his arm over Tommy’s shoulder again for support. “Lead on. Anywhere that I can lie down is fine with me.”

Slowly they began the painful walk to Tommy’s house, stopping frequently to let Christian rest. What should have taken five minutes dragged on to twenty, and when they finally arrived and got into the living room, Christian sank gratefully onto the couch.

“I’ll go get some ibuprofen or something for you. Do you have a phone so you can call someone?”

The injured boy nodded and reached into his pocket for his cell. As he flicked through his contacts Tommy went into the bathroom cabinet to get the painkillers. When he got back Christian was talking to someone.
“…Tommy’s and was wondering if you could come pick me up? …Ok, thanks. One sec and I‘ll get you the address.” He looked up at Tommy, and when he got the information he needed he relayed it to the person on the other end. “Ok, I’ll see you in a few.” He ended the call and looked up at the other boy again.

“Here’s something that should help.” Tommy handed him a couple Advil and a glass of water.

“Thanks man. My sister is gonna be here in about half an hour.”

“Ok.” Tommy sat down next to him and turned on the TV. For the next while they amused themselves with MTV, until the doorbell interrupted the show that was playing. Tommy got up to answer it. Standing outside was a girl older than him by a few years, with a striking resemblance to Christian.

“You must be Tommy. I’m Nicole.”

“Uh…yeah, I’m Tommy. Nice to meet you. You’re Christian’s sister?”

“Yeah. Where is he?”

“Inside, on the couch. D’you wanna come in for a minute?”

“Sure, thanks.” She stepped inside, looking around. When Christian stepped into view she gasped. “What the fuck happened, Chris? Did you get in a fight again?”

“No, not this time. Some assholes from school attacked me, three on one.”

“Jesus! Who?”

Christian glanced away. “No one, just some jerks who thought they’d have a bit of fun.”

“Don’t give me that! It was those football bullies, wasn’t it? When are you going to stand up for yourself and report them?”

“What’s the school do about it? They’ve never done anything to me on school property!”

“I don’t care! If you don’t report them I’ll make sure mom and dad do!”

“Can we please not do this here?” Christian’s eyes slid to Tommy and Nicole seemed to remember where they were.

“Sorry,” she muttered, looking apologetically at the young demon.

“It’s ok,” Tommy assured her, slightly embarrassed to have witnessed an argument between two people, one he barely knew, the other he’d just met.

“Can we go now?” asked Christian. “I kinda wanna go lie down somewhere more comfortable than a couch.”

Nicole nodded. “It was nice to meet you Tommy. I’ll see you around I’m sure.”

“It was nice to meet you too.”

“Thanks again, Tommy. I’ll see you at school on Monday.”

“No problem. Take care of yourself.”

There was an awkward pause and then they headed out the door, and Christian was waving from the front seat of the car. Tommy waved back before closing the door, letting out a breath he hadn’t known he was holding, and going back to the living room to put on one of the movies he’d rented. He woke up hours later, stiff from falling asleep in an awkward position. With a sigh he turned the TV off and dragged himself up to his room. Within minutes he was asleep again, but his dreams were fractured and disturbing, the image of Christian, curled on the ground burned into his mind.

***

Monday morning found Tommy running up the steps of the school, already out of breath and late. He threw the doors open and skidded down the hall and up another flight of stairs to his locker. When he reached it he stopped, surprised. Leaning there, oh so casually, as though he hadn’t been beaten bloody just two days ago, was Christian.

“Um…hi.” Tommy was a little disconcerted. He was pretty sure that the other boy’s advisor class was downstairs, on the other side of the school, and then bell had gone at least ten minutes ago.

“Hey. I just wanted to thank you properly for helping me on Saturday, and to see if I could treat you to a movie the Friday.” He smiled, wide and hopeful, eyes crinkling at the corners, and Tommy couldn’t say no. So, the end of the week found him sitting in the movie theatre with another boy, a big bag of popcorn between them, and a drink clutched in his hand. As the opening credits rolled across the screen he glanced over at Christian. The other boy looked so relaxed and happy, but for some reason Tommy just wanted to chew his nails as nerves waged a war inside him. As though he could sense something amiss, Christian turned his head, and locked eyes with Tommy. A slight smile curved his lips as he reached up and pulled Tommy’s hand away from his mouth.

“That’s why we bought popcorn, man.”

Tommy laughed, nerves flaring even more. His eyes widened as Christian gabbed a piece of said popcorn and held it up to him. Opening his mouth slightly he allowed the other boy to push the snack between his lips, fingers gentle. He did this several more times, and Tommy began to relax, giggling a little. Christian smiled in a satisfied sort of way and leaned back, taking the other boy’s hand in his and twining their fingers together. Tommy stiffened, but as Christian’s thumb stroked out a soothing rhythm he relaxed again. He risked another glance over, and saw sparkling, mischievous eyes looking back at him.

“Another secret for us to keep,” whispered Christian, and thus began a romance that would last until they graduated, and, when it was through, would fade to a friendship that would last their entire lives.