“Have you discussed this with Tarrant?” 

Alice sits across from the White Queen, hands clasped in her lap. She ’ d gotten her answers as to what changes to expect, and there is nothing—as she had known there would not be!—that is odd or frightening enough to sway her decision. 

“I know what he would say.” 

“He would not wish you to do this, Alice. Your family... He knows how painful it is to lose one ’s family.” As does Mirana, and yet she still must wish for her Champion to drink the Elixir (for why else then would she have brewed it?) very much, doesn’t she? Alice does not point this particular fact out. Estrangement from one’s family is not something that either woman takes lightly. 

“I’m not losing... I’m gaining.” Despite Alice’s muchy insistence, Mirana wears a look of concern, elegantly expressed in the tilt of her dark brows. 

“Alice, think of what he would want for you.” 

“I am. And I am thinking of what he needs. What I need. He needs me to stay. And I need to belong.” 

Still, the Queen hesitates. “Are you sure , Alice?” 

“Yes.” 

“Then consider this a wedding present, if you will.” Touching the side of her face with the hand not clutching the potion, Mirana smiles gently. “I only want for your happiness.” 

And then the White Queen relinquishes the potion to her (the potion she had brewed days and days ago behind Closed Doors) and Alice pauses for a brief introduction. 

“Hello,” she murmurs. “My name is Alice. I ’m pleased to make your acquaintance.” 

The clear liquid does not reply. Not with words, at any rate. For a Reply, she will have to drink it, wait, and see. 

She does. Alice presses the mouth of the glass dram jar against her lips, and – hoping the taste is not too foul – drinks. To her surprise, the Eternally Under Elixir tastes like... like... him. Like Tarrant and it smells like him (she realizes this as she exhales and her breath passes over the liquid lingering on her tongue and delivers it to her nose) and she has no regrets. Within her chest, she feels something shift, pull closed, heal. The door to the past is shut, she imagines. Now, there is only the future. 

“I recommend that you go to bed early,” the Queen advises her. “You may have strange dreams as Underland welcomes you, but they should not be frightful. Only vibrant, possibly vivid, with the slight probability of vigorous enthusiasm.” 

And the Queen is right. Alice wakes in the middle of the night, gasping on a laugh and feeling as if her entire being is in the process of being Tickled Pink. After what seems like a very long minute, the sensation subsides to a pleasantly warm feeling of satisfaction: Underland is pleased with her. 

She smiles. She rolls carefully onto her side on the sofa, turning toward the bed... and grins at the sight of her husband ’s face, relaxed in slumber. She studies the way his eyelashes fan out against his stained skin, above his cheekbones. She examines the slightly slack curve of his lips which still manage to look as if they are smiling. Her husband does not sleep vigorously (like he futterwhackens) or furiously (like he sews). He sleeps... peacefully. And she would not interrupt that state of grace for anything. 

Soon, she will share her decision with him. Soon, she will explain and hope he will both forgive her and allow himself to rejoice over her new citizenship. 

Soon. But not tonight. Tonight she lets him sleep and, after watching him for a moment longer, closes her eyes once more and joins him. 

*~*~*~* 

Alice is already waiting in the doorway of her Heart Room when Tarrant’s orange curls finally show themselves under his portcullis. In her haste, she had forgotten to remove her shoes (today she is wearing a pair of soft-soled leather loafers, though, and not her new muck-about boots, so hopefully her Heart will not object too much). She considers removing them and tucking them out of sight behind the shrubbery that are now growing by her Door, (so as to prevent a scolding urging her to take better care of her Heart from her husband) but is afraid she will miss the Moment if she does. 

He does not disappoint her expectations. While normally she credits Tarrant with being quite observant, today it seems he was not as keen as usual, for he gets to the middle of the bridge across his moat before he notices. But when he does… 

There it is! The Moment she has been so eager to see! She grins as Tarrant stumbles to a stop. 

He gapes. Stares. 

For the ravine, the rabbit hole that he has assisted her in hopping over each day since they had first journeyed to the Bottom of their Hearts, is gone. Closed up, as if it never existed. In fact, a new-and-improved entryway rests where it used to be. Fine white bricks, so tightly packed together that no hint of dirt or gravel peaks between them, topped with tall, cheerful sculptures of rampant gryphons carved from white marble and large, low planter urns of the same material filled with non-sentient ivy and shrubbery now surround Alice’s door instead. 

Crossing the rest of the simple bridge, he cautiously taps the toe of his booted foot on the bricks, as if testing their solidity. Apparently they meet with his approval, as he takes one step forward, then another. Alice decides he can be forgiven for this show of doubt—just yesterday, a crater existed where he now stands. 

“Alice?” he asks, sounding frightened and hopeful and wary and so very… Hopeful . (The amount of Hope in his expression she believes warrants taking note of twice, the second time with the proper Capitalization.) The expression on his face is exquisitely tentative... tentative enough to nearly Break her Heart. She hears the Door propped open behind her groan under the strain of staying whole. 

She lifts a foot to take a step towards him, sees his shoulders bunch and tense under the fabric of his jacket, practically feels him prepare himself to leap across the chasm-that-is-no-longer, to tackle her to the floor of her Heart Room to prevent her from tumbling Up into London. Alice places her foot firmly on the now-solid ground, sees the tension leave him, hears the relieved breath whoosh out of his lungs. Then he says again, this time in awe, “Alice…”