Sonia's New World
byapplevalyan©

My name is Sonia and I have been married for just over a year now. I am 21 years old, 5 feet 7 inches tall, weigh 115 pounds, green eyes and I have dark brown hair to the middle of my back. I met my husband while attending my best friends wedding. He was Best Man and I was the Maid of Honor. We took and instant liking to each other and I felt as if I had known this guy for years, although we had just met. I found out over a lunch, that we all went to, that he was in the same situation as I was, single and presently not dating anyone. He asked me out for dinner that night and I happily accepted. He was very much the gentleman that night and many dates there after. 

I considered myself about as normal as any girl I grew up with. I was not a goody two-shoes but I was also not a slut either. I was somewhere in the middle. I was not a virgin, I lost that in the backseat of an old Chevy when I was 17 years old and had been with only one other man since then, another old boyfriend who dropped me once I put out. I dressed semi-conservative but was not afraid to wear short dresses or skirts. I often wore a string-tie bikini at the beach because I found I liked being looked at and liked showing my young body, but I never considered myself an exhibitionist then. Although I did like to tease the boys, I was just 14 when I first knowingly let a boy look up my dress and then smiled at him when he realized I knew he was looking. I found I enjoyed teasing boys. I was 15 when I let a boy touch my breast over my shirt and 16 when a boy first touched bare tit. 

I was the one who put the moves on Jeremy, that's my husband's name. One night after watching a sexy movie at my apartment, I climbed in his lap straddling him like I had done on a few previous occasions and we began to kiss passionately only this time, my body wanted more. I felt his dick getting hard between us, as it had on previous occasions, but this time, my hormones kicked in and I naturally started to grind against it. I took his hands and placed them on my braless breast outside my t-shirt as I continued to press his erection against my crotch. We were getting and receiving wet sloppy kisses when I reached down and grabbed his erection with my hands and told him I wanted him to make love to me. He said he would love to. I led him to my bedroom. We were one horny couple and had sex many times after that night and we got married 3 months later. 

We went to the Florida Keys on our honeymoon and I basically lived in my bikini and short halter dresses when Jeremy let me get dressed. We were having sex two to three times a day. We even had sex one night on the beach under the moon and stars. I found I loved having sex outside with the chance of getting caught. Jeremy even dared me to wear only a halter dress to dinner our last night there. I had never ever gone without underwear in public before, even in a long dress and this one was short! I was nervous but excited at the same time. Jeremy kept rubbing my bare ass and pussy every chance he got. I liked that though. He got me so horny that night, I finally decided to let him fondle my ass anywhere he wanted and I discovered that going pantiless wasn't that bad and I fact I could be a lot of fun! I also decided that I would do it for him again, whenever he wanted.

I rarely went in public braless because my nipples were so sensitive, they'd be trying to push holes through my shirts, but Jeremy loved me going braless around the house and finally convinced me to go braless in public for him. I agreed but only when he was around. He said that was all he hoped for. He loved the looks I got, it got him excited. I could usually see his erections under his pants or shorts. That excited me, just knowing he would be using that thing on me as soon as we got home. I also discovered that I was enjoying the looks I was getting too. I started going braless a lot more often after that first time. Many times I would leave home alone in a tight t-shirt knowing my braless breast would soon be on display to many men's eyes. I quickly noticed my underwear would be wet when I got home and I soon started to masturbate as soon as I got home. Masturbating was something I had only done few times in my life and now I was doing it almost every time I got back home. 

Then one day, Jeremy brought home some clothes and told me he wanted me to wear them for him Saturday. I quickly agreed to without even seeing want it was. I told him I loved him and trusted him and would wear whatever he wanted a long as I didn't get arrested. He said that wouldn't happen. 

Saturday morning I surprised him by coming into the kitchen naked and then sucking him off under the kitchen table. I took the package off the kitchen table and told him I was now going to the bedroom and get dressed. He said he wanted me to wear only what was in the package plus some sandals. The package contained a thin pale yellow string tank-top and a very short jean skirt that flared out. I pulled on the skirt without any panties. It was a tight at the waist but I liked how it looked on me but I had to be careful, I reached under the hem and it was only 2 to 3 inches to my bare pussy. I pulled on the tank-top without a bra; it was also a snug but was able to get it over my 34C tits. It stretched to mold my upper body. I looked in the mirror and was a bit surprised how easily my nipples showed through the top. Even while I now enjoyed going braless in public, none of my shirts were see-thru, this would be a first for me. I was having second thoughts about this now, but I did promise Jeremy I would do it and as I looked at myself in the mirror, I started to notice how sexy it made me look. There was also about 6 inches of skin between the bottom of the shirt and the top of the skirt. I reached under my skirt and found myself getting wet just knowing that a whole lot of men would probably be seeing my nipples through this shirt. The more I thought about it, the more I was looking forward to showing them off. I fixed my hair and slipped on some sexy sandals and went to find Jeremy. When he seen me he stopped dead in his tracks and said, "Whoa! Damn you look good!" That did it; I was ready to go anywhere with him now!

This wasn't the first time Jeremy has asked me to go out without bras or panties since out honeymoon. At least once a month he asks me too, I found I really don't mine plus the sex is usually extra good when we get home. I usually wear one of my halter dresses with the built-in bras like I wore on our honeymoon. They are about 6 to 8 inches above my knees, but this little jean skirt is a good 12 inches above my knees. Plus my nipples will be on display in this top where they weren't in my halter dresses. I know pussy will be good and wet by the time we get home because it already was and we haven't even gotten to where we are going to yet. I also found that sitting down in this skirt could be a problem. On the way over here, I looked down and could see the lips of my pussy completely uncovered. Jeremy noticed that and reached over a few times to rub me. Ohh! That felt so good!

Jeremy pulled into a parking lot at a sports arena. There was a rock concert going on in the stadium today. I saw other girls running around dressed like me. I instantly felt more comfortable, I wasn't going to stand out like a sore thumb. I would be just another pea in the pod, but probably the only pea without panties. Jeremy helped me out of the car and grabbed a boob as he kissed me. That was the first time he ever grabbed my boob in public like that. I placed my hand on top of his and told him I liked that and that he could do that as much as he wanted to today. He kissed me again and said he hadn't planned on it but now he would be doing it a lot today. I smiled and told him I hope so. He then reached down and rubbed my bare ass as we walked towards the gates. I did nothing to stop him. 

Once inside we ended up almost dead center of the field, there were thousands of people there. There were already girls sitting on guy's shoulders lifting their tops flashing their tits. Jeremy asked me if I wanted to do that. I shook my head no and told him, "No way". I stood in front of Jeremy facing the bands as they played every once in awhile Jeremy would reach around a cup a tit, sometimes both. Once when he grabbed both, I grabbed his hand and held them there and pushed my ass against him. I could feel him hardening against me. After few minutes of us standing like that I told him not to let go of my tits, I then reached behind me and took hold of his hard dick. I stroked him a couple minutes and then noticed his shorts were button fly. I carefully unbuttoned him and got my hand inside and found he was wearing no underwear either. I leaned back and told him to kiss me and then I thanked him for not wearing underwear either. He just smiled and kissed me again. 

I wrapped my hand around his hard-on and began to stroke him. I then told him to get ready because I was going to make him cum right were he stood. The next thing I noticed was that his hands were going under my shirt and squeezing my tits. I was surprised I didn't care! Plus it felt great! Less than a minute later he came in my hand. I pulled my hand from his pants without bothering to buttoning them back up and brought my hands to my face and licked my fingers clean. I told Jeremy not to button up his pants because I might want to get back into them again later.

He was still holding onto my bare tits and I looked around and noticed outer guys looking at us. I was surprised I wasn't upset at them looking at me with my shirt pulled up and tits covered only by Jeremy's hands. Then I knew I wanted more and nervously removed Jeremy's hands but left my tits uncovered for anyone to look at. Then I turned around and asked Jeremy if he still wanted me to get on his shoulders. A big smiled came to his face then he gave me a big hug and a kiss and grabbed my ass. I instantly noticed his hands found bare ass. I don't know how long my ass was uncovered but I found I didn't care, I just wanted to get on Jeremy's shoulders and flash my tits and now I guess my bare ass too. Jeremy said he hadn't planned on it going this far and that showing my ass might me a little too much. I told him to give me his shirt, when he did; I tied it around my waist, it now covered me to my knees. He smiled, got on his knees and said to get on. Once he stood up I could see just how many people there really was. There was skin everywhere and there were already half-a-dozen girls on guys' back flashing their tits. I went one step future, I took my shirt completely off and spun it around over my head as everyone around me cheered me on. It was a blast! This was something I wanted to do again one day I thought. I gave Jeremy my shirt and sat on his shoulders topless for about five minutes. When he put me back on the ground, I didn't really want to put my shirt back on but knew I had better once a couple of the guys near me grabbed my tits. 

After Jeremy and I kissed a bit I felt Jeremy's hand slide between us. He smiled at me and said he owed me one. I then felt his hand go under my little skirt and find my very wet pussy. He slipped one and then two fingers in my pussy. I came in less than minute. I kissed him the entire time he finger fucked me in public. After I came he made a big deal out of licking his fingers like I did. I kissed him again then turned my back to him as I return my attention to the bands. Jeremy asked for his shirt back saying he didn't want to get sunburned. He put it back on and wrapped his arms around me and held me tight fort awhile.

Later on I felt his hands slowly sliding up to my boobs again. I pulled my shirt away from me so he could go under it, then I reached behind and found him hard again. I made sure I was close to him as I pulled him out of his shorts, then I lifted the back of my skirt a bit and felt the nice feeling of his hot hard dick against my bare ass. It felt good there but I was starting to get very horny. I looked around and noticed nobody was watching us so I turned in his arms and faced him. I reached behind me making sure my skirt was down and then reach in front and lifted it a bit. Then Jeremy slowly slouched down and I felt the head of his dick slide between my legs to my waiting pussy. I spread my legs a bit and felt him enter me. Oh! My God! I needed it! I pushed against him and he went in even further. I was fucking in public, in the middle of a crowd of thousands and couldn't have cared less. The animal instinct in me needed to be fucked, and I did! When we finished I noticed clapping all around me than I noticed I had wrapped my legs around Jeremy and my skirt was around my waist. I then became instantly embarrassed, I dropped off Jeremy and pulled down my skirt. At the same time I noticed Jeremy pushing his wet cock into his pants. He took my hand we made a quick exit to our car. 

We slowed our walk once we were out of the stadium and in the parking lot. We both couldn't believe what we had just done but we both agreed it was what we had to do. Jeremy asked if I like showing my tits and I told him I really did and he said he liked seeing me doing it and that I needed to do it again someday. I told him I would love to do it again as long as he was with me. He then asked how I felt about showing my ass; I said it wasn't that bad, at least I wasn't flashing my pussy to everyone. He asked that if we ever went to a nude beach, would I be willing to show my pussy to strangers. I told him that as long as he was naked with me I would show everyone my pussy. He said we needed to give that a try one day, I agreed.

By the time we found out car, we had calmed down and were holding hands and kissing again. At the car, Jeremy pushed me against the car and grabbed my tits as he kissed me and pressed his crotch against mine. I reached around and grabbed his ass and pulled him to me. I felt the familiar feeling of something getting hard between us. I reached around and took the waistband of his shorts in my hand and pushed down. Jeremy reached down and grabbed my top and lifted up as I slid down to the ground pushing his shorts all the way off as I knelt down in front of him and took his dick in my mouth. I licked and sucked him until he was good and hard then I stood up dropping my skirt as I turn around as I bent over the trunk of the car. Jeremy was shoving that beautiful hard cock in my pussy before I had completely settled down across that truck lid. I told him to fuck me hard and fast because I didn't know how long we had. Jeremy took his shirt off as he fucked me. We were now both completely naked in a public parking lot fucking like crazy. We didn't get caught but as soon as we came, we both climbed in the car naked and drove home. Jeremy put his shorts back on as we drove but asked me to stay naked. I told him I would do it just for him, truth be told, I want to stay naked. I was really beginning to enjoy this public nudity thing and wanted to do more of it. 

The very next weekend, Jeremy told me to put on a t-shirt only that just cover my ass and grab a couple beach towels. We were going to a nudist resort. We drove about three hours, Jeremy asked me to remove my t-shirt five minutes after we left the house. I was happy to comply with his request. We found the resort and I was surprised how nice it was. There was a large pool, snack bar, restaurant, nice clean outdoor showers, clean restrooms, walking trails, and much more. I was surprised when I found out hundreds of people lived here year round. They could walk all around this place naked and nobody cared because they were doing it too. I just loved this place and wouldn't mine living here myself one day. It was a very enjoyable day I enjoyed being naked outside all day long. I hated to leave and return to the world of clothing. Jeremy and I decided we were both exhibitionist and enjoyed it. 

I now regularly leave the house wearing just a little dress and shoes. I haven't even opened my bra and panty drawer in weeks. I now have a nice selection of thin and sheer tops I love to wear. I got a couple of the cutest 'Wicked Weasel' sheer bikinis in the mail yesterday and Jeremy can't wait for this weekend so he can take me to a normal public beach to wear one of them. I sure there will be some shocked people there when I strut my almost totally nude body up and down that beach. My pussy is tingling already. I just love being an exhibitionist!!!!
