COALTON CORRECTION FACILITY

BY JSMILES

Part 4

Offered An Alternative Rod

Bubba stopped momentarily and stroked her angry red buttocks,
helping to relieve the fire and pain that seared through her
bottomcheeks. He stroked her cheeks and even tickled her dripping
wet pussy and clit. She wiggled for him, and he knew that she was
becoming putty in his hand.

"OOOhhh Kelsi, I can't stop yet. Because you mouthed off to the
warden and us, you still have twenty more strokes of the cane,
before I have finished with your punishment caning, But Kelsi, I
like you, and I know you're a hot little bitch, so I'll give you
a break tonight. Since this is your first time being both spanked
and caned, and your ass is beet red. If you would rather feel my
big black rod inside of you, instead of this willow rod on your
rear end, I might be able to lessen my part of your sentence by
about fifteen strokes. But Kelsi, you have to ask me nice, and
convince me of what your choice is to be."

Without even hesitating, Kelsi lifted her head and said, "Oohhh
fuck, YES! Take me Sir! Stuff me with your big black cock, and
stop my suffering from that wicked cane. I'll gladly surrender to
you, rather than suffer any more of those painful cane strokes."

Now Kelsi had never seen Bubba's male endowment, and judging from
her response, she had no idea of of what she was in for or how
big his cock really was. Bubba took the willow cane and ran it
lengthwise down her ass crack. It tickled her puffy red little
anus, and then Bubba said, "Kelsi, maybe I should give you your
remaining five strokes right here on your tender little pink
puckered anus. Or rather Kelsi, are you willing to let me even
take the virginity of your tight little asshole?"

Kelsi started trembling, thinking about how painful a buggering
might be. She had heard of men wanting to do such things to
teenaged girls, but had never really given it a thought until
now. After careful thought and a desire to not get caned again,
she finally sobbed out, "Yes, Sir, I'll even let you take me
there, if that's what you want. Just stop the caning!" Bubba
giggled, and whispered in her ear, "Next time, my little
Princess, I will gladly accept the surrender of your anal cherry.
But for right now, I just wanted to test your willing
submissiveness. I am going to give you another butt plug to help
prepare you and expand your anus for me, After all, I don't want
to hurt you any more than I have to. I just want to teach and
train you to be an obedient little girl, and to respect your
Master. But for tonight, I am going to first fuck you and then
let you swallow my essense as a sign of your gratitude. You
aren't a virgin, Kelsi and if I am going to be nice to you and
let you off with less cane strokes, I expect that you will at
least reciprocate your gratitude to me. I assume you know how to
suck a man's cock, and that you will swallow every drop that I
give you. If you don't, I will finish your caning anyway. You do
know how to suck a man's cock, don't you, Kelsi?"

Sucking cock was nothing new to Kelsi, as she had done it
numerous times for boys at school, as well as for her latest
boyfriend Jeremy. However, she had never swallowed a man's load
of semen before, but she resigned herself to her fate. She
quickly nodded her head, and said, "Yes Sir, I know how. Thank
you, Sir for being lenient with me, and I will do my best to
please you!

Bubba lubed her asshole with some more Vaseline. Then he selected
a 6-inch pink buttplug, and gently slide it up and into her
puckered anal ring. Kelsi bit her lip and grunted a little as the
bigger plug stretched her rectal muscles to new dimensions. Her
second set of sphincter muscles deep inside of her colon spasmed
and ached as Bubba let her get used to the new stretching. She
knew that sooner or later, she was going to lose her anal
virginity to her new trainer, and she was sure that it was going
to hurt. She almost felt grateful that he hadn't forced himself
up her ass now, because she knew that he could have.

After her plug was in place, Bubba released Kelsi's wrist
restraints, then dropped his trousers, and brought all ten inches
of his throbbing manhood up to the dripping entrance to her tight
teenage pussy. He slowly slide the throbbing 2" head of his
formidable punishment rod into Kelsi's dripping wet love purse.

"AAAHHHhhh," She gasped, as it's enormous size took her breath
away. Then slowly, inch by inch, Bubba began sliding into her
tight teenage pussy. She gasped, "OOOHHh, Sir! You are soooo
BIG!" as only half way in, he was already hitting her cervix. He
let her get a little used to it's girth, and then grabbing her
hips, Bubba began slicing in and out, bouncing into her cervix
with every thrust. He knew that she would open up with time, but
for now, he was giving her a royal fucking that she would
remember for a while.

She "ooohhed" and "aaaghed" with every movement, especially when
he banged into the buttplug lodged deeply between her cheeks. She
obviously was enjoying her fucking a lot more that her caning.,
even if her cheeks still burned.

While he was stroking in and out of her velvet pussy, he reached
his long arms around in front of her hips, and with his right
hand, he began to frig her clit. Little Kelsi had never been
fucked like this before, and soon her wiggles and moans became
sighs and groans of excitement. The butt plug up her bottom only
added to her excitement, as her sphincter muscles squeezed down
hard on the rubber intruder, only adding to her stimulation.
Within a minute, Kelsi's body began to tremble, and she squealed
out loudly in sheer heavenly bliss. "AAAAAAAHHhhh, Fuckkkk!
YESsss!", She wailed, as her fucking and wave after wave of
orgasmic bliss rolled through her tiny teen body.

Following her orgasms, Bubba was getting close, so he quickly
pulled out and walked around to the other side of the horse. As
his rock hard black cock was throbbing and pointing straight out
at Kelsi's mouth, she opened her lips and formed a perfect "O"
around his swollen member. It only took a few licks and ardent
sucks, and Bubba began squirting his thick hot salty male essence
into her waiting mouth. She gulped and swallowed and gagged, and
finally managed to complete her assigned task.

Bubba stroked her pretty face, and said, "You have done very well
today, Kelsi, and I am very pleased with your submission and your
willingness to cooperate. I'm going to release you now, and I
want you to get on your knees in front of me and thank me for
both correcting you and for pleasuring you with my essence."

As soon as she was released, Kelsi dropped to her knees in front
of Bubba, and softly said, "Thank you Sir, for correcting me, for
not giving me all of the cane strokes, for fucking me and
allowing me to suck and swallow your essence, and for making me
cum like I've never cum before." Kelsi leaned forward, and kissed
his semi-rigid long black cock, and softly said, "I'm glad you
chose me, Sir. You're awesome!"

Bubba smiled down at her and told her, "Thank you, Kelsi. Now go
to your room, number 202 in the barracks, and rest. By the way,
we forbid you to orgam or play with yourself, unless your trainer
directs it. That's why I am here for you, and I promise I will
take care of you on a daily basis. Over on the chair are some
clothes for you to wear out of here, and for dinner tonight. The
dinner bell will ring at 5 PM, and I'll expect you to arrive
within 5 minutes. During your training period, I'll expect you to
sit next to me during dinner, and any other meals that I am here
for. Tomorrow I am patrolling the roads until 4:30 PM, so I've
asked the Warden to oversee your training while I am gone. I'll
see you at dinner, and don't be late!"

Bubba then kissed her cheek, and got dressed. He closed the door
behind him as he left her standing naked. She touched her kissed
cheek and then looked down at her bare pubes to saw what a
dripping mess she was, due to Bubba's fucking. She now knew that
he could be both tender and cruel, whatever he wanted to be with
her.

After washing up, Kelsi quickly slipped on the pink panties, the
short black mini skirt, and the cotton pink shirt that Bubba had
left for her. She slipped on the jelly flip-flops and quickly
left the punishment building, making her way back to the
dormitory barracks. She had almost an hour, so she decided to
look for AmySue.

After about twenty minutes of wandering around the dormitory, she
accidentally ran into Warden Brown. He grabbed her by the arm,
and said, "Kelsi, right? You're that sassy little bitch that
arrived earlier today. Turn around, I want to see if you got
taught a lesson this afternoon and got properly spanked by my
boys."

Realizing how unwise it would be to refuse, and not wishing to
incur his wrath, she turned around as his hands lifted her short
skirt. He grabbed the back of her pink panties and pulled them
upwards, making her gasp as the butt plug drove even further up
between her tender cheeks. She gasped as he fondled her sore and
wounded buttocks, and even felt his finger wiggle around her clit
and dripping pussy., but she endured the test without murmuring.

"Looks like you got a good tanning and a fucking, Kelsi, and even
got your anus sized properly, too. Seems like you're doing fine
here, and I hope that from now on, you can avoid such punishments
by showing your obedience and submissiveness to all of the staff
here at CCF. Now get to your room and quit wandering, or I'll
give you another spanking on your cute butt myself."

The Warden slapped her bottom, making her grimace in pain, as he
walk away. Quickly Kelsi headed for her room, as the Warden
disappeared around the corner. She lay down on the soft mattress,
and reflected on her first day at CCF. Her mind was spinning as
she realized that she had been sentenced to this facility for
five years, and already she had been spanked, fondled, fucked,
and embedded with a butt plug that's sole purpose was to expand
her anus for the private pleasure use of her trainer. Her fingers
moved to her panty covered clit, and softly she began pleasuring
herself, as she thought about Bubba's big cock, and how he made
her gush in orgasm. She felt like such a little slut, and
wondered what else could happen to her. Her fingers danced over
her clit, as slowly she built herself to another rousing orgasm.

Unknown to her, all of her actions were being recorded on
videotape, and she would be held accountable for them later that
evening.

