I have heard that a man fantasizes about sex nearly 285 times a day, which is once about very four minutes. Wow, that is a lot of sex, isn't it? That gives me a lot of solace as I fantasize a lot about sex and having sex with different partners in different positions, from my not-so-good-looking-but-having-a-great-body colleague to my over-friendly and buxom 30-year-old neighbor. I also fantasize about my aunt, my wife, my mother-in-law and so many others.

These fantasies have really helped us both (me and my wife) enjoy our sex life. I used to think that the fantasies never come true. That even though I think about having sex with my mother-in-law or my aunt, amongst others, I would never really get to sleep with them. Well, not anymore. Now I am a firm believer in luck, destiny, god and dreams coming true. Here is what caused this extraordinary change in my perspective.
We live in New Jersey, USA. My wife is pregnant with our first baby so her mother is nowadays in USA to help her with her first delivery. First I got to tell you about my mother-in-law. The lady was very good looking in her youth (she still is) and she has managed her aging so skillfully that she still looks very elegant and attractive. What I like most about her is, unlike orthodox Indian old ladies; she is liberal, adventurous, has a very good dressing sense, loves to try out new stuff and is open-minded. She is a widow and has a very good attitude towards life.

Off course my wife's pregnancy means no sex for me for some months. But, I am not the one who will go scouting for sex elsewhere. Whenever I get horny, I often jerk myself up and satisfy myself. That gives me a little more time to fantasize and get a hard on before masturbating.

One night last month, I was watching Sixers vs. Lakers Basketball Finals game on my big screen TV in our recreation room in the basement and was drinking beer. As is my habit, I was also working on my laptop. I had biked 5 miles that evening so to dry myself up from my sweat, I had taken out my t-shirt and underwear and was wearing just the shorts. My wife was upstairs in her bedroom with her mother. Around 11.30, when the game was in fourth half and Lakers were winning, my mother-in-law came into the basement recreation room.

"Mama, aaiye, baitheeye!" I welcomed her and offered her to have a sit on the couch beside me. "Kya chal raha hai? Aarti(my wife) so gayee hai. Muze neend nahi aa rahi thee to maine socha TV dekhtee hun." She said. "Kuch nahi, Basketball finals dekh raha tha aur kuch kaam nipta raha tha. Bas game ab khatam hi hone wala hai to phir jo bhi aapki dekha ho dekhte hai. Mai to itnee jaldi sota hi nahi." I said. She lifted the laptop bag from the couch beside me, placed it on the table near wet bar and came and sat on couch near me. As Shaq defended another three pointer attempt by Iverson, I finished my third beer and went to the wet bar. I wanted to get myself another beer but was not sure if it would be okay to drink in front of my mother-in-law. Wouldn't that be construed to be disrespect? I thought myself. What if I offered her a drink? Another thought. I was pretty sure she had not tried alcohol before but she could now. After gathering some courage I asked her "Mama, aap kuch lengi?" She turned towards me and with her trademark dry smile asked "Kya Kya hai?Coke, Iced Tea." I really did not have any soda but even if I had I would have said no. I wanted to see if she is going to try the alcohol. "Nahi mama, coke to nahi hai. Ummm.Beer, rum, whiskey, wine, tequila". I listed out all the stock. "Nahi re mai to peeti hi nahi. Kabhi pee hi nahi.". Rahne de." She said. But by now I was pretty fancying my chances of getting her at least try some alcohol or maybe get her drunk. "Kabhi try nahi kiya to kya. Aaaj kar leejiye. Chalo mai apne dono hi ke liye margarita bana deta hun. That will be easy. Theek Hai?" I offered her a solution, or nearly thrust her with that one. I knew she was going to take it. "Theek hai. Thodisi try kartee hun." Came her words.

As I was blending the drinks, the devil struck me. What if this is the opportunity to make my fantasy about her come true? I thought. May be I would get lucky and have sex with my mother-in-law. I knew she would get drunk in one or two drinks. If not I would venture her out for some tequila shots and then make her hot. That was a sure fire chance.

Margarita was ready, so I poured our drinks in two glasses and walked towards the couch. I handed one to her and sat with mine. We had not really spent that much of time together with each other, alone. So, I did not know what to talk about. "How is it?" I asked as she gulped down her first sip. "Umm. It is good. I like it." She said in a complementary tone.

As the Lakers won, I handed the remote to her and said "leejeye, kuch bhi laga leejeeye." "Arre, nahi beta, laga do na tumhi." She said as she took the remote. I knew she wanted to watch Jay Leno or Drew Carry. Since she came to stay with us, my wife and myself had really tuned her in to some of the American shows. "Friends" was her favorite show.

As I sipped my drink, She switched some channels and tuned it to some thing interesting on HBO. That was "Sex and the City". I knew she had never watched it so she had know idea what was the show about. She finished her drink rather fast to my surprise. I was also about to be done. She must have surely liked margarita as when I offered her one more glass, she readily agreed to. I had figured this before so I had made more margarita earlier. As we sipped our drinks and watched "Sex and the City", I could see Tequila making it's effect on her. For someone who had never tested any alcohol, Tequila, even if smuggled in the form of margarita, is a powerful drink and sure to have it's effect.

She started to miss on her words as we spoke and started loosing control as she nearly spilled the glass as she was trying to place the glass on the table in front of us. I started sensing my opportunity here. If I played my cards right, I would never going to forget this night.

Luck was also seem to be favoring me, as the "Sex and the City" was also showing some very good sex scenes. I was getting horny now. I was like a cheetah that could not get any food for a fortnight and now had a weak deer in sight and well within it's reach.

"Aap theek to hai?". I asked. "Kuch kuch ho raha hai. Chadh gayee shayad." She stuttered. "Jyada to nahi pee le maine." She continued. "Nahi nahi, yeh to thoda hoga hi. Isiliye to sharaab peete hain." I rushed in with my kind words.

I poured rest of the margarita in our glasses, even though she resisted. "Arre kuch nahi hota. Dekhiye bahut maza aayega." I said like a good host.

We kept talking on some inconsequential topics while drinking. By the time we finished our drinks we both were drunk. Mama was nearly out and was slumping on the couch just staring at the TV.I could see the gap between her boobs as the blouse she wore was not enough to contain the big boobs she has. That was arousing me. I put my hand on her shoulder and enquired, "Mama, are you okay? Kaisa lag raha hai?"

Without even moving any part of her body she stuttered, "Bahut acchha lag raha hai. Main to udd rahi hun."

Seeing that she was still in her senses, I tuned in to one of the spice channels showing explicit sex videos. I do not know if she had seen porn earlier but without showing any emotion, she kept watching the TV. By this time I had moved closer to her and allowed her head to rest on my left thigh. Now she was lying half way on the couch with her feet folded up at right angle and resting on the couch arm and her head on my lap, on her right ear side. I think my erect penis was touching her hair. I was slowly moving my right hand through her hairs, slightly messaging her head. My left hand was resting on her heap. She was wearing a sari and her I could see her bare stomach and her bellybutton. Seeing woman's belly button really does arouse me. I slowly moved my left hand on her bare stomach and started moving my palm on her big stomach, fingering her belly button. My penis was jumping hard. Though my eyes were on TV, my mind was clearly not. I think she was in that particular area of mind where you kind of know what is going on but you really have no command from the brain to carry out any resistance, or even if you have, your nervous system disobeys the brain.

Seeing no resistance from her, I was getting bolder and more confident. Slowly, I moved my left hand onto her breasts over her blouse and started caressing each of them slowly. My right hand was now pinching and pressing her left earlobe. Her eyes were now closed. She must be enjoying this, I thought. I was surprised that she did not resist. Getting bolder, I inserted my left hand inside the blouse. She was not wearing any bra. That made my job easier and I started slowly caressing her boobs. I gently pressed her nipples and she squeezed out a small cry as if it hurt her. But I did not stop. I adjusted my sitting position by slightly lifting her as my erect cock was making me uncomfortable and put mama's head now facing upwards towards my face. Her eyes were closed and she was looking gorgeous. My left hand was still inside her blouse, caressing her boobs and with my right hand; I was feeling her soft, fair skin on her face. I felt her lips with my fingers and got an urge to kiss her. I bent down and put my lips against her. As I moved my tongue over her closed lips, I could sense her lips parting away. I slid my tongue inside and started kissing her. I sucked her lower lips first, then upper lips and then tongue. I could not resist now so I unbuttoned her blouse and freed her boobs from the shackles. Now I was kissing her, was pressing her boobs with my right hand. I moved my left hand towards her feet and pulled over her sari and petticoat upwards. Her legs and thighs were now visible. Well-shaped legs, I thought. I moved my left hand over her legs and thighs. She parted her legs so as to make a way for me to get near her pussy. I took the hint and moved my hand over her underwear, feeling her vaginal area. All the time I was kissing her or smooching her on her cheeks. She grunted sometimes, moved her head sideways, but that is it. Not much of problem. Looked like she wanted it and was enjoying it. Fine for me, I thought. I inserted my left hand inside her underwear and was figuring out her vagina, her mushy hair in that area. I inserted my finger in her vagina and started finger fucking her. She squeezed her eyes, shrunk her eyebrows and moaned silently. I had to free my penis out of its prison now. I was also feeling uncomfortable in that position. So I lifted her head up, moved out and kept her head on couch. I took out my trunks and now I was naked with my erect penis in my hand. I moved towards her legs, lifted up her sari and petticoat over her belly, and started taking out her underwear. As it required moving her thighs closer, that must have disturbed her. She opened her eyes and raised her head to see me and seemed astonished. I order for her not to panic, I went near her face and taking in my both palms, took her in my arms. "Kuch nahi hua, mama. Easy.. Easy." were my words I guess. She also embraced me with her both hand and we sat still for a while in that embrace. I kissed her again and rested her head on the couch. She closed her eyes again and lay down. I took out her underwear, parted her legs apart and buried my face in her vagina. I rubbed my nose against her bush, opened her vaginal area with my two fingers and licked her pussy. It was wet. I sucked her majora & minora, her clitoris and gave her a tongue fuck. She put her hand on my head and caressed slowly. I knew she was co-operating now, which would make my job easier. I wanted to get a blowjob, but was not sure if she could do it; or if she would do it. I wanted to make her naked first. But given her size and her state, that would be a stupendous task, I thought. But still I wanted to give it a try. I went near her and whispered in her right ear, "Mama". "Ummm." Came the reply. "Sari nikaalni hai. Khadi ho jaao na please" I said slowly. No response. I undid the sari knot but could not take it out. I helped her on her feet and rolled open the sari. She was standing taking support of the TV cabinet with one hand and watching towards the TV. I undid the petticoat knot, removed it and she was bare naked in front of me. My mother-in-law, naked with me, was soon to be fucked by her son-in-law. My fantasy would soon come true. I took her in my arms, and we stood there in naked embrace. She must have felt some current going through her body upon embracing a nude male body after a long time, as she shivered somewhat. I whispered in her ears, "Neeche jao na" I was not expecting her to go down and give me a blow job. But still I had to try. She pushed me out of the embrace, looked at me, my cock and to my pleasant surprise, bent down on her knees and started fondling my balls and my prick. She slowly licked the area below my balls, then my balls and then my prick. She was handling the prick so carefully and so gently, as if she had found a lost treasure. Slowly, She took it in her mouth and started moving her lips over my shaft, sucking it hard, pulling the skin off the head, moving her tongue tip over my piss hole and fondling my balls with her other hand. I started moaning and moving my hand through her hairs. She was doing the act expertly, totally at ease, in her domain. I moved towards the couch, sit on that and she continued her blowjob. She licked my entire chest, nipples, stomach, arms, armpits, waist and again went down to my penis. Now I was losing control. I wanted to put it in her wet pussy. I moved her head away from my prick, pushed her down on the floor and mounted myself over her. The feeling of her naked body below me, touching of her breasts to my chest, made me feel very hot. We were breathing very hard now. My penis was touching her vagina. We were both anticipating the moment when the penis will go in her cunt. And I pushed and put it in. It slid in gently and I felt like I was in heaven. I gently started stroking, holding her boobs, caressing them, and kissing her. I grabbed her ass cheeks from behind, pulled her closer and gave her bibber shots. We were both moaning with ecstasy. Buried totally in the moment, we were enjoying the act. I think I was spitting out words like "Yes, take it in. Let me fuck you hard.". I also heard "Chod muze, Zor se daal. Aur chod. Tadap gayee thee re main. I love it. Fuck me." And what not.

I wanted to change the pose so I told her to get in the dog pose. I fucked her in dog pose for a while. Then I had her lay down on her back, lift her legs over her head and rest them on the couch so that her bottom was now exposed totally showing her cunt and asshole. Then I stood so that she was in between the fork of my legs and my back towards the couch and put my penis in her cunt. This is a very hot pose. I was fucking her with long shots now, my penis going in her cunt vertically. She started yelling " Oh. What are you doing? This is very hot. Main aa jaaungi. Muze nahi aana. Aur chodna hai muze. Please."

I was in no hurry either. We switched our pose again, this time having her on top of me. This is one of my favorite poses. She fucked me with good, hard shots. My penis was touching the entry walls of her cunt. I sucked her nipples, took as much of her boobs in my mouth as I could. Then she sat erect and fucked me. She must have got tired as she slumped on me. I started stroking from below. I could not stop this time. "I am coming. I can not stop." I told her. "Ok, I am ready too." She agreed. Some more shots, and we both came together. We both shrieked and held together tightly. I had shot too much of my load in her cunt. We lay there like that for quite some time. I had finally achieved which I had wanted. I had fucked my Mother-In-Law. It was unbelievable. I slowly rolled her away to the side, got up and grabbed some tissue papers, wiped us, pulled out the comforter from the closet and joined her on the floor to sleep in her arms and under the comforter. More than the warmth of the comforter, I relished the warmth of her fleshy body. I slept very comfortably that night.

To be Continued...