Monday came around too fast, but Snape would not be called a coward. He woke promptly at six, refused the meal Molly offered him, and apparated to the front of his house at Spinner's End. He inspected the security carefully; the spells had not been broken.

He knew the first thing that the Aurors would do is search the house, so he spent from six-thirty until eight hiding or securing as many illegal items as he could and laying out subtle suggestions that he had been living there for the past few weeks. He changed into some older clothes, with better security and more natural flow, and at precisely eight-thirty apparated into the Atrium of the Ministry of Magic.

People reacted much how Snape had predicted; at first, no-one noticed, but as he began his quick, swooping steps towards the reception desk, people began to double-take. There was no outrage, no riot; instead, people turned to watch Snape pass like flowers following the sun. A hush fell over the atrium, so distinctly that even the bored-looking receptionist looked up to see what the fuss was about. Snape swept down upon her, expression steely, and for a moment he revelled in her look of recognition-turned-fear.

Then he placed his hands before him on the desk, and declared:

"My name is Severus Snape, and I am here to be given fair trial before the Wizengamot."

The noise in the room exploded. Insantly, Kingsley was at his side, a hand on his shoulder; restraining to the audience but reassuring to Snape.

"I think," said Kingsley, and he too had a voice that carried well, "That you had better follow me, Sir."

Snape inclined his head gracefully.

"Dawlish, Derwent," said Kingsley, waving two Aurors in the crowd. "If you would follow me."

The crowd began to protest.

"Is that Snape?"

"Isn't he dead?"

"Where are you taking him?"

"He's a Death Eater!"

"He was a hero!"

"He's supposed to be dead!"

Kingsley paused, turned to the crowd..

"Please stay calm. We will question Mr Snape immediately. I will talk to you all when we have a clear explanation. Excuse me."

Kingsley cut through the crowd, Snape following with surprising calm. 

The Law Enforcement Department had changed somewhat since his last visit; it was white and clean, now, and he was led not to a dungeon cell but to a cold interview room.

The people had changed somewhat, too; gone were the tired, fearful Aurors, keen to get a result and keen to exact their revenge, and instead there was Gawain Robards, gnarled and undeniably a war-time Auror but taking his cues from Kingsley's cool professionalism. Robards spelled him to the chair, and led Kingsley out of the room in silence.

A brief period in the company of two nervous Aurors at least fifteen years his junior and definitely ex-students, and then Kingsley returned with another Auror and explained that they had been put in charge of his case. They spent three hours taking a clear and detailed statement of what was essentially the whole of Snape's adult life, which, while tiring in many more ways than mere physical effort, was nothing to the brutal interrogation he had been given nineteen years ago. He was even offered tea, and confessed to surprise when it was not laced with veritaserum or worse.

"That is hardly good practice," said Kingsley disapprovingly, although his partner was grinding his teeth as though he'd wanted to. "We would, of course, like to question you with veritaserum, but we can save that for another time. Unfortunately, you will have to stay here for the night, Mr Snape. We will show you to a cell."

"Shouldn't he be high-security? You know, the dungeons?"

Kingsley looked at Snape and shook his head.

"Mr Snape has co-operated entirely. He came to us, Mr Hunter, he must have known the likely procedure, presumably he will not attempt an escape now. I see no reason to chain him down. If it puts you at ease, Martin, an extra guard would not be too taxing on our resources."

Martin Hunter pulled a face but acquiesced, and so it came to be that for the first time in nearly twenty years, Severus Snape slept in a Ministry cell.

Comfortable and clean though it was, he did not sleep well. 

*

The next few days were a monotony of statements and evidence-giving. A date was set for his trial, alarmingly soon, and he was introduced to his defense; a quite terrifying young man who seemed to know a frightening amount about Snape's life and who impressed Snape, he reluctantly admitted, with his calm and cutting words in the face of Snape's often not-so-calm diatribes.

He was kept company every day during visiting hour – another thing that was different from last time – first of all by a delegation of Weasleys, namely Molly, Bill and Ginny (who all struggled to look as if they had not spent the past few weeks caring for him), then Ron and Hermione with a detailed discussion of Kingsley's Wonderful Press Conference and their interactions with Miss Moira Cocklebottom, who apparently rather desperately wished to have an interview with Snape himself and had been forcibly removed from the Ministry whilst trying to sneak into the cell blocks. On the third day, Minerva came and they spoke quietly of Hogwarts, and those few good years when Potter was still with the muggles and all there'd been to worry about was childish competition and who won the bet on the Quidditch cup.

The fourth day, Potter came, alone. He sat for a good ten minutes of the allotted hour in silence, staring at his hands.

"Potter," said Snape tiredly, bored of Potter's squirming, and the boy finally looked up. Surprise flashed over Potter's eyes.

"You look dreadful," he said.

"You sound surprised," said Snape. "I've been dead for a month."

Potter grinned.

"So you have," he agreed.

Another long pause.

"Was there anything you wanted to say?" said Snape, raising an eyebrow.

"Er..." said Potter, ever eloquent. "Er, yes. A lot. I'm not sure why none of it has been said... before."

"Well, providing it will not take longer than forty-five minutes, you have my ear, Potter."

"Right," said Harry. "Well, the first thing is – thank you. For what you did in the war. I know you didn't do it for me, but I'd never have been able to beat him if you hadn't..."

"You are right, Potter, I did not do it for you," said Snape. "Don't thank me."

Potter nodded, surprising Snape with his lack of reaction.

"Er, right. Um, I also wanted to say... I'm sorry. For... well, a lot of stuff, including being really useless when you were dying in front of me."

Snape snorted. There was a strange knot in his throat. For so many years, he'd hated this boy, hated him for a multitude of reasons, very few of which were valid. For so much of that time, he'd wished for a day like this, when Potter would come humbly to him, to acknowledge Snape's years of misery and suffering, the trials he had gone through. He'd imagined it would be the closest he would ever get to James acknowledging what he had done to Snape.

But he'd lost that feeling, some time between the day he learnt the Dark Lord was back and the day Dumbledore had begged him to fulfil the Vow. Everything vanished; his desire for acclaim, for that Order of Merlin, his love for petty vengeance. He'd lost hope, there was nothing left, the Dark Lord would win or Snape would die trying to stop him, and all those years he'd told himself he was doing it just for Lily vanished into pure truth.

Dying for Lily was no longer what he wanted, and that it changed nothing. He would fight, and he would die, and it would be for no-one at all.

"Potter..." he began. Harry was blushing but his jaw was set, and though Potter was not at all adept in situations that did not involve direct action he was still stubborn and brave when it came to it.

Considering Snape had the strong urge to run away at this point rather than say a simple 'apology accepted', he was not sure whether he admired it or hated it.

"We..." he began again, and Potter was beginning to look quizzical.

"We are complicated," he completed eventually, and Potter grinned.

"I'll say," he agreed. "But – I don't think we have to be. I mean, I don't want to be. I thought maybe, maybe we could just..."

"Be friends?" he said, and his mistrust for the concept must have shown through because Potter looked angry and hurt.

"Yes! Is that so horrible? God, I must be insane, can't you ever be nice?"

"No, which is why I think you may be correct about your mental health," said Snape calmly, and Potter took a deep breath in to fuel his anger. Snape surrendered to instinct, and cut him off.

"I did not mean to suggest I was unwilling, Potter. I have long been aware that my motivations for hating you have been dubious, but I have not had cause or desire to change the status quo. Now it has changed regardless, in a ridiculously dramatic manner involving a giant snake and the entire Weasley clan conspiring to drag me into your life, and I am tired of fighting the crowd. I surrender . Consider me a member of the Harry Potter Fan Club."

Potter looked shocked. Then he looked appalled.

"Don't joke about the fan club," he said darkly. Then he smiled, the bright, free smile that Snape realised might be the source of Potter's charm, previously a mystery to Snape.

"So, we're okay?" he said.

"Yes," said Snape dryly. "I suppose I can learn to tolerate you."

"You'll have to," said Potter, "Because we still have half an hour."

Snape snorted.

"I might need longer than that," he said, but he was uncomfortably aware how much his heart was not in it. Potter seemed to sense it too.

"Look," he said, all earnestness now, shuffling in. "There was something else I wanted to talk to you about."

"If it is about sex in any way, Potter, and I know it will be, please find someone else." 

Because I am very afraid that you will fuel some dangerous and perverted fantasies , Snape mentally tacked on.

Harry grinned, but there was an unhappy tinge to it.

"I was just going to tell you that I think you were right. Dead on, in fact. Minus the Cedric bit. I mean, he was pretty, but..."

Potter went scarlet. Snape snorted.

"He was indeed pretty . For a student," he said. "And a Hufflepuff."

"Wasn't Charlie your student? A Gryffindor student, even."

Potter's smile became cheeky. Snape growled.

"Potter, just because you keep offering up unwanted information on your sex life does not mean you get to comment on mine."

Harry grinned, unabashed.

"Sorry," he said. "Didn't think it was such a touchy subject."

"It isn't," snapped Snape. "Nor is it any of your business."

"So are you... seeing Charlie?" continued Potter, blatantly ignoring.

"Of course not," sighed Snape, after a short pause to decide whether it was worth ruining all hope of freedom in order to reach out and strangle the Chosen One. "Charlie does not strike me as the type to see people in any serious sense, and I hardly think we have anything in common. Did you imagine we were?"

"Well... I was having trouble imagining. That's why I asked."

Snape ignored the charming half-grin in favour of rolling his eyes.

"I'm not weirded out by it, though," said Potter thoughtfully. "Not any more. You looked –"

"Potter, I can quite comfortably say that I am 'weirded out', so I propose you put the memory out of your mind before I forcibly remove it."

Harry grinned.

"Easier said than done. I'm going to go now. Good luck."

A cheeky smile, and Potter left with a cocky air Snape would have happily ruined with a tripping charm or worse had he had his wand.

Snape told himself that he was glad Potter was leaving, and that he wasn't watching his arse as he left.

*

The trial was just that. Snape had thought he'd planned how he would react to every eventuality; in practice, he reacted much the same as one would expect, with one's crimes spread out in vivid colour for all to see.

Adam, his defense, was good – tricksy, rarely caught out, very good at pursuing a point. Slytherin through and through, and Snape thought he might know why the man was defending him. To be a Slytherin on the side of light was to be mistrusted at every turn, and to find another brave enough to stick to their principles as well as their ambition was rare; this made Snape and he practically kin.

The most peaceful aspect of the trial was listening to the testimony of the countless people one or other side brought in to talk of him. Snape was glad he'd had no illusions about his popularity, for the bile offered in his direction was extensive, even from those testifying in his favour – only Minerva, Kingsley, Ron and Hermione offered a kind assessment.

On the last day, Potter was called to the stand. He looked quite calm, with a self-assurance Snape had not seen much of at the Burrow, and he addressed the Wizengamot rather than the defence. His voice was deeper and more pleasant than Snape recalled, too, and he had the air of someone quietly powerful. Adam had only to ask one open-ended question and stand back as Potter wielded his impressive influence with impressive grace.

The end of his speech was met with a round of applause from the audience, and Snape dared himself to hope a little. The chair of the Wizengamot called for order.

"On that note," the old man wheezed squeakily, smoothing his white beard back, "Court will go into recess while we consider our verdict. Dismissed!"

Snape was led to the cells adjacent to the court among a clatter of excitement. He'd not been sleeping, but tonight, he'd rather have oblivion than consider the next day.

*

The courtroom was very full today, the galleries packed to the brim with murmuring spectators. Snape saw, with a strange feeling of warmth, a long line of redheads in the front row, capped at the end by a messy black head and Granger's wild mop. He also noticed, with a distinct feeling of shock, a line of middle-aged witches with a banner stretched between them: Free Severus Snape!

He wondered for a moment if he were dreaming, but the way the women giggled and waved at his appearance made it more like a rather bizarre nightmare.

Then he looked up at the Wizengamot, and the nightmare became more traditional. The Chair rose, and the background noise made a sharp upswing before quietening completely. It seemed everyone was holding their breath; certainly Snape was holding his.

"Severus Snape, in light of the evidence we have been presented with, the Wizengamot has no choice but to charge you guilty of the manslaughter of Albus Percival Wulfric Brian Dumbledore, as well as several counts of Unforgivable use and Dark curses."

Snape slumped back into his chair. The crowd exploded, and it gave Snape absolutely no comfort to note that the primary sound seemed to be dismay. He thought the women in the back row might be crying.

"ORDER!" bellowed the Chair, shocking everyone into instant silence. "Now, we would have been quite happy to find you not guilty on the basis of the work you did in the war, but the fact is, under wizarding law, even euthanasia is illegal, and the Unforgivables are, technically, unforgivable. However, it seems very obvious that not only are you filled with remorse for your actions, you were also working under the very best of motivations. Therefore, the Wizengamot has decided to give you a conditional discharge and our strongest thanks."

The silence broke again, more ambiguous this time, and Snape was quite sure his heart had stopped. He stood, and asked,

"What are the conditions?"

The chair heard him.

"That you consent to low-level magical surveillance for an indefinite period, and that we never find you in association with the dark again, on pain of instant imprisonment. Basically, Mr Snape, we never want to see you here again."

The old man smiled, and Snape allowed himself to smile back.

"Thank you, Sir," he said, bowing his head, and with no-one to stop him, he walked out of the court.

*

After a mere half an hour in hiding at Spinner's End, the Weasley clan caught up with him, led by, of all people, Draco Malfoy.

"Hello, Sir," he said, stood on his doorstep with resentment clear on his face. "They wouldn't let me come on my own. I just wanted to say congratulations."

"As did we!" screeched Molly, hands on hips. "What were you playing at, running off like that?"

"Mum," said Bill, and Snape realised with surprise that Charlie was stood just behind him, grinning. "He's had a bit of an ordeal, maybe he wants some peace and quiet?"

"He can have plenty of that after his celebratory dinner!" said Molly.

"Oh, Merlin save me," said Snape, rolling his eyes, but he was not unhappy, and half an hour alone with nothing but the book-filled walls and a scotch had not been quite as comforting as he had anticipated. "You might as well come in."

He stepped back, and Draco Malfoy slid past him, looking deeply unsettled. The rest of the Weasleys followed, shaking his hand, and Granger actually threw her arms around him.

"Sorry it wasn't a better verdict," she almost-sobbed, and Snape patted her awkwardly, nonplussed.

"It was quite acceptable, Miss Granger, I expected far worse," he said. This was apparently the wrong thing to say, as she burst into tears. Snape looked desperately at Potter, who grinned.

"Don't mind her. She works herself up when she gets a project like this. It has to break sometime."

"Must it break on me?" Severus mouthed, still patting. Harry grinned and drew her away as she hiccoughed an apology, and Snape shut the door behind them.

He turned, and wished for a moment he had a camera, so that he could capture the surreality of the scene. Seven Weasley heads fighting a battle against the gloom, Fleur's beauty rather winning said battle as she leant against her husband, and Potter standing with arms crossed beside one of the first completely muggleborn visitors to his house in a very long time, who was still sniffing softly. And on a seat in the midst of them all, Draco Malfoy, who looked genuinely terrified to be there.

"I'm afraid I can offer little hospitality. Only scotch," said Snape, gesturing to the bottle on the mantelpiece.

"I'll take some," said Charlie, grinning at his mother's look, and Snape handed him the bottle. He took a swig, toasting Snape silently, and handed it back. Snape promptly gave it to Hermione.

"Pull yourself together, woman," he said, and Hermione laughed wetly and took a swig. She coughed rather a lot, laughed again, then straightened and gave Snape a smile. Snape would not have known how to start in returning it.

"Draco, may I have a word?" said Snape, taking pity on the boy, and nodded towards the kitchen. The pale boy nodded and followed him into the kitchen.

"What's with the Weasley delegation?" sneered the boy, and Snape gave him a quelling look.

"They have been good to me. Was there a reason you wished to find me?"

Draco shrugged.

"Just... to say congratulations."

"Thank you," said Snape. They stood opposite each other, and Snape could see in Draco's grey eyes what he'd really come about.

"You should have told me," he said eventually, very quietly.

"I wish I could have," said Snape, equally quietly, and Draco looked down. Snape laid a hand on his shoulder.

"I really fucked up, didn't I?" said the boy.

"You made the same mistake as I, for much better reasons. I saw the Dark Lord, Draco, I saw what he was, but I was young and very, very angry. But you knew no other path."

"Neither did you, by the sound of it," said Draco.

Snape sighed.

"I knew a good woman. If I was a better man, it would have been enough. But it's over now."

Draco laughed darkly.

"Dad's ill. Potter got him off, but it hardly matters since he's going to die anyway. Mum's not coping well, and we get Howlers every day. And Slytherins may as well give up on wizarding society right now, even the ones on their side, they think we're all either with the Dark or cowards. Which most of us are. It's not over."

Draco's voice was hard now, and his eyes sparkling. He made to turn away, but Snape squeezed the hand on Draco's shoulder and pulled the boy closer, comforting him in a way he had not for many years, not since a little blond boy in Malfoy Manor ran right into him and refused to let go. He'd thought, back then, that he should not have been the one to console him; he'd turned from that side, betrayed the boy's family, and Death Eater children were no longer a concern to Snape. Now he realised how different Draco's life might have been, if his favouritism in the classroom had been backed by real feeling, if he'd made himself a family member like he'd almost been. Draco might have even brought more Slytherins into the fight for light.

Snape stroked his hair, and added another to his list of regrets.

"Forgive me, Draco," he said softly. "I should have done more."

"You tried to help," murmured Draco into Snape's robes.

"And I will try again," said Snape. "If you need me, I will be there."

Draco nodded against Snape, and Snape stroked his hair idly, lost in a past he would be glad to leave behind, if ever he found he could. Only a slightly choked noise from the door brought him out of his reverie, and sent Draco springing out of his arms and into a defensive position.

"Oh, Potter, what a surprise, it is you interrupting a private conversation," he said, and Potter stopped looking bemusedly between them to grin.

"It didn't look like conversation, Sir," he said cheekily.

"The significant word was private," said Snape, and Potter just rolled his eyes. Then he seemed to remember Draco, and something between hatred and apology wrestled awkwardly on his face. Draco seemed to have no such conflict, glaring at Potter as though he was the worst thing he could possibly imagine.

"Er, you're probably right, sorry," he said, avoiding Draco's eyes, sentiment tainted by the note of resentment Potter could not quite keep out. "We'll just go then. Mrs Weasley is going home to start dinner and wants to know if you are coming. Er, she said Draco could too if he likes."

Draco snorted.

"Ah, I'll just sit next to their eldest, shall I? We can chat about how I nearly killed him with a werewolf. You can keep your little surrogate family, Potter, I've got my own."

Snape laid a hand on Draco's shoulder, half support and half restraint, and Potter looked so blatantly and unaccountably betrayed by the action that Snape almost wanted to sneer, just to punish the boy for presuming Snape's hesitant friendship meant his unconditional loyalty.

But then again, he rather wanted to know why Potter would be so upset about Severus taking the side that he would have assumed was obvious.

"Draco," he said instead. "Perhaps you should talk to Mr Weasley. He is quite well, and I think he would be quick to forgive in the face of your regret."

"Who says I regret it?" snarled Draco, and what on earth was it about Potter that brought out the worst behaviour in them both?

"Draco," Snape warned, cutting off the imminent battle with Potter, a battle that Draco could never ever win. "Potter, I will be along shortly."

Potter looked curiously relieved. He threw a quiet smile at Snape as he left.

Snape was quite as taken aback as Draco looked.

"What the hell is going on?" said Draco, and it was his turn to look betrayed.

"I have no idea, Draco. When you get into the hands of Gryffindors, there seems to be no logic and no escape."

Draco did not look impressed. Snape sighed.

"They seem to have dropped their grudges, and I am too tired to hold onto mine. Perhaps when you are as old as me you will feel the same."

Draco snorted.

"Oh, because you're so ancient," he said. Then he frowned.

"I should go. Mother will be going spare."

He turned to leave through the back door. Snape halted him.

"Draco, tell your mother something from me. Tell her she still has friends, and family who might be glad to end a feud. She might like to meet her great-nephew one day."

Draco sneered.

"I'll tell her," he said. "But I'm not sure she's going to suddenly decide blood traitors and mudblood children are alright. I'm certainly not."

Snape simply raised an eyebrow.

"You don't count," said Draco, blushing scarlet, and disappeared out the door in a flash of embarrassment.

Snape sighed, and made his preparations for returning to the intimidating bosom of the Weasley family.