A Deal's A Deal
by Daphne123

Carol makes a choice between losing her ride or her clothes.

ONE SUMMER MORNING SOMETIME IN THE EARLY 1990s

I woke up early the morning after the previous night's show. Performing corps tended to travel from city to city on busses during the night. This time, we got to our housing site soon after midnight and had a few hours of sleep on a gym floor. It was still dark outside but I decided to get up anyway and get a shower. It had been a long tour for the corps and a nice warm shower was a luxury even more treasured than sleep. I figured since we were sharing the gym with another corps I'd better claim a shower early.

The other corps got in fairly late the night before, after we were already asleep. Some of us tried to stay up long enough to catch a glimpse of some of their color guard girls. As most of them were from areas near the beach, they were already in shape and looking great before tour even started. I, on the other hand, went to sleep early figuring I didn't stand a chance with one of their girls.

As I made my way to the showers, I noticed the light in the room was already on. Approaching the entrance, I could hear someone inside. Realizing that no one else was up yet, I carefully peeked into the room. Inside was a rather shapely brunette wearing only a soft pink towel. I gaped as she reached over to turn on the water and casually removed her towel, exposing her radiant figure.

Time froze as I stared in awe at this goddess of beauty. Her curves were gorgeous, her breasts firm and perfect, her hair in lovely curls that bounced on her bare shoulders. She was a vision. Snapping out of the trance momentarily, I hurried back to my sleeping area for my camera, hoping that no one else would get up yet. Heading back for the shower room, I hid behind an opening in the wall. Looking through once again, I saw the girl now in the shower, her towel discarded on a bench nearby. I quickly started taking pictures of this beautiful unknown girl as she took her shower. To my good fortune, the water was warm so she took her time, stretching and turning and enjoying every minute. I became very aroused as I took frame after frame.

"What an amazing girl," I thought to myself as she finished her shower and wrapped the soft pink towel around herself. The towel hugged her figure perfectly, making her look just as incredible with it on as she did with it off. As luck would have it, she turned off the water just as I took my last picture causing the camera to whir as the film began to rewind. She looked up suddenly.

"Who's there?" she asked looking in my direction.

I slowly stepped out of hiding and walked towards her. "Hi," I said casually.

"Hi," she smiled. "What are you doing?" Her eyes widened as she looked down and saw the camera. "Were you taking pictures of me?"

"Well, yes," I admitted, taking the film out of the camera and handing it to her.

She took the film, gaping in disbelief. "Oh my gosh," she said putting her hand on her forehead, "I'm so embarrassed."

I made a point of looking her over.

"You shouldn't be."

She paused a moment, then smiled and extended her hand.

"My name's Carol."

I took her hand and kissed it, causing Carol to smile wider.

"Maybe I'll be seeing more of you soon," I said.

Carol gently placed the film back in my hand.

"I'm sure you will," she said turning to leave, looking back over her shoulder to smile at me again as she walked out the door.

***

Later that night after the show, our corps members were loading the busses for the trip to our next city when I heard a voice.

"Hi there," Carol called to me from across the parking lot. Her curls bounced on her shoulders as she walked towards me, wearing a very form fitting gray t-shirt which was tucked into a pair of very short and rather tight black nylon shorts, her breasts and rear highlighted very well.

"Oh hi," I said jokingly, "I didn't recognize you with your clothes on."

Carol smiled and blushed a little at the comment. "I've got a problem."

"Not that I can see," I said, making no secret of checking out her curves as I looked her over.

"I'm serious," Carol said folding her arms to cover her breasts. "My bus pulled out already, any way I can hitch a ride?"

"Well," I unfolded her arms, not allowing her breasts to be hidden. "What can you offer me?"

"My things are back on the bus," she said talking with her hands. "All I have are the clothes I'm wearing."

"I see," I said, taking the opportunity to look her up and down all over. Carol rolled her eyes and rested her hands on her hips as I slowly walked around her, moving my hand to squeeze her tight rear. Carol sighed, waiting impatiently. Moving my hand to the top of her shorts, I pulled on the waistband and looked down her shorts to see her panties.

"Black lace?" I teased, "why Carol, very sexy."

"Mmm," Carol raised her eyebrows with bored sarcasm as if to say "just get on with it."

I pretended to think it over a minute before answering.

"Okay, it's a deal."

Carol straightened her posture. "What's the deal?"

"You give me your clothes, and I give you a ride."

Carol paused, putting her hands on her hips again. "You're not serious?"

"That's the deal," I replied, stepping part way through the bus doors. "You coming?"

Carol stood gaping for moment. Then, with a resolute sigh, she walked past me and bounced up the steps onto the bus. Upon entering, Carol was greeted with a thunderous round of applause from the fully loaded bus.

Carol raised her eyebrows at me. "This wouldn't have been a setup by any chance, would it?"

"After you," I gestured, letting my silence be an answer.

Carol walked to the back of the bus amidst several whistles and comments from the guys on the bus who were all undressing her with their eyes. A few even reached out and grabbed Carol's ass as she strutted by. Carol played the game, flashing a teasing smile over her shoulder at each one as if to say "that's as close as you're going to get."

Finally reaching the back of the bus, I sat down in the seat. Carol finished flirting with the rest of the bus and whipped around to face me. "Now what?"

"Now you take off your clothes."

Carol raised her eyebrows. "Now? In front of everybody?"

As if on cue, most of the guys and even a few girls began pulling out cameras and aimed them towards Carol as we all waited for her to start.

Carol put her hands on her hips and smiled slyly. She knew what they all wanted. The whole thing had been set up to get her to strip naked. What was interesting was that Carol couldn't decide whether she should be offended or flattered that so many people wanted to see her take off her clothes. She didn't get much time to think it over though.

"Get on with it," I prompted her.

Carol locked her eyes on mine. She decided that if she had to do this, she was going to make it good. Crossing her arms at her waist, Carol pulled her shirt over her head, revealing her black lace bra as flashbulbs from cameras flickered throughout the bus. Handing the shirt to me, Carol arched her back and moved her hands to the sides of her shorts. One side at a time, Carol slowly pulled down her shorts, stopping every few seconds to allow the cameras to get good shots of her performance. Then, handing me her shorts, Carol straddled me in the seat. Pushing me back against the chair, the hot flag girl whipped her hair back and kissed me hard, aggressively attacking me as she kicked off her shoes.

The flashbulbs were everywhere, and we all could tell that Carol was really getting turned on doing this in public. One of the guys in the next seat reached over and pulled on Carol's bra closure, snapping it as the hook came undone.

"Um!" Carol broke her kiss and flashed a smile over her shoulder at the guy who had just unhooked her bra. Straightening up to face me again, Carol slowly pushed one strap off her shoulder, then the other, slowly freeing her firm breasts from the constraints of her bra as every person with a camera snapped away. Handing me her bra, Carol put her hands on her hips and rolled her shoulders back, presenting her breasts to everyone, and smiling with confidence as the flashbulbs captured the lovely image.

Then, flashing a flirty look over her shoulder at her audience, Carol slowly pushed the waistband of her panties down, sliding them off the curves of her perfect ass. Cameras clicked and flashed as Carol took off her last piece of clothing, wiggling her hips as she stripped herself completely naked. With a teasing smile, Carol handed her panties to me.

"What do we do now?" she asked playfully.

I began undoing my shorts. "Now, I give you the ride I promised."

Carol's mouth fell open. "Are you serious?" She asked glancing around at the cameras. "I mean, taking off my clothes is one thing, but..."

Carol glanced down as I pulled my hard cock out of my shorts.

"Oh my," she stopped in mid-protest.

"You were saying?" I said, taking my rock hard cock and carefully gliding it across the entrance to her pussy.

"Oh!" Carol closed her eyes. The touch sent a wave of desire through her body.

Reaching around to grab her perfect bare ass, I forced Carol closer. Placing my cock at the entrance to her pussy, I pulled her down slowly, barely pushing the tip inside her.

"Oh!" Carol's whole body quivered in anticipation as a flood of pleasure washed over her, drowning out the sound of flashing bulbs and clicking cameras.

"I...shouldn't...be doing this," she managed to say in quick breaths.

"A deal's a deal, Carol," I said matter-of-factly, waiting for her to give in. Carol paused, biting her lip to keep it from quivering. She wanted me inside her, and we both knew it.

"This is such a bad idea," Carol whispered more to herself than to me as she slowly lowered her wet pussy onto my waiting cock. The walls of her beautiful love canal parted, allowing me to slide all the way in, deep and hard inside her.

"Ohhhhh..." Carol moaned, her eyes glazing over as the warmth of the flag girl's pussy enveloped my shaft completely.

The first long stroke inside her made Carol shudder with pleasure. As her pussy adjusted to having my large shaft resting within her depths, Carol closed her eyes and tried not to think about all the people on the bus watching her.

(SMACK)

"OH!"

Her eyes going wide, Carol gave a girly yelp as she felt my hand come down and spank her beautiful firm ass.

"Get humping, Carol," I ordered.

The flag girl nodded in compliance.

Carol ran her hands through her hair as she began to move up and down, riding my cock in and out of her pussy. Her breasts bounced invitingly with each thrust as Carol arched her back, sighing with intense pleasure. Gripping her ass more firmly for support, I leaned forward and began licking and sucking on her breasts.

"Oh yes! Yes!" She cried out, the flashes from the cameras nearly blinding her as people took frame after frame. Carol knew it was wrong. This was more than just a bunch of guys seeing her naked. These people were taking pictures of her getting fucked. It was so wrong, but the thought made her so horny she blocked out everything else and gave in to the pleasure overtaking her.

"OH!" Carol laid her head back in ecstasy, holding my head to her breasts as she pumped her hips faster and faster. I thrust in time with her, pushing my cock deep into her with each stroke.

"Touch yourself, Carol...UM!" I panted between thrusts. "I want to watch you touch yourself."

"Ohgod, please I can't," Carol insisted as she bobbed up and down on my cock. "It's too embarrassing."

I locked my eyes on hers. "Not to me."

Carol hesitated, her hips still pumping into mine, her beautiful pussy trying to milk my cock for everything it had.

Finally giving in, Carol's right hand moved down between her legs and began masturbating in front of me as we fucked each other, her fingers making tiny little circular motions on her swollen and highly sensitive clit.

Cameras all over the bus took frame after frame of Carol pleasuring herself while getting fucked out of her mind. It was so wrong, but the flag girl goddess couldn't stop herself. She was lost in the moment, in her own world of pleasure and ecstasy...and knowing that everyone was watching her made it that much more embarrassing and amazing at the same time.

"OH! OH! OH!! OH!!!" Carol's cries became screams as I found her g-spot, stroking it over and over and over with my cock as Carol felt the orgasm she longed for building up inside her.

"Fuck, here it comes! Ohmygod, HERE IT COMES!" Carol yelled, her free hand gripping the metal rack above us for balance as she violently bounced up and down on my cock.

"OH!!!! OH!!!!! OH!!!!!! OH!!!!!!!" Carol screamed as I pounded my cock into her pussy, the flashbulbs going off like fireworks throughout the bus. "I'M COMING!!! OH FUCK!!! I'M COMING!!! YES!!! YES!!!! YES!!!!!! YES!!!!!!!"

With a final thrust, Carol's pussy clinched down on my cock and sent us both into screaming orgasm, her pussy pulling every ounce from me as I poured into her. Pulses of mindless rapture overwhelmed both of us as time seemed to stand still. Wave after wave of pleasure came crashing down relentlessly until finally, with a deafening scream, Carol collapsed on top of me, her firm breasts pressing against my chest.

"Ohhhhhmygod," Carol panted from exhaustion, kissing me softly over and over. Her amazing hips were still moving back and forth, almost involuntarily as her pussy tried to pull another remnant of pleasure from my cock. Finally, with a long deep kiss, Carol's panting relaxed into sighs of pleasure as I ran my hands all up and down her body, gripping that incredible ass of hers. She squealed in mid-kiss as her pussy slowly released its grip on my cock and I pulled out of her.

All through the night while everyone else slept, Carol rested in my arms completely naked as we rode to the next stop. We kissed passionately in silence for hours as I teased her with my hand, slowly gliding my fingers in and out of her pussy and gently stroking her clit. Carol pouted and whimpered, whispering soft pleas for mercy into my ear as I brought her to silent orgasms over and over again. She shuddered through each climax, twitching uncontrollably in spasms of pleasure as she tried desperately not to wake anyone. Carol fought against her exhaustion, eventually drifting in and out of consciousness until finally, she surrendered to her fatigue and fell asleep as I stroked her gorgeous hair lovingly.

***

"Carol," the sound of my voice woke her, "we're here."

Carol opened her eyes slowly, looking up at me.

"Oh, hi," she smiled. "Where are we?"

"At our next site," I looked out the window. "Looks like your bus is just over there."

Carol turned and looked out the window to where she needed to be.

"I'd better get going," the hot flag girl smiled slyly, turning to me. "Thanks for the ride."

"Don't mention it," I replied. "Thank you for taking off your clothes."

Carol cocked her head to the side. "Can I have them back now?" she asked.

I shook my head.

Carol's mouth fell open. "You mean you're going to make me get back on my bus completely naked?!?"

"A deal's a deal, Carol."

"What exactly am I supposed to tell everybody?" Carol covered her breasts with her arms.

I leaned over and took her by the wrists, gently putting her arms by her sides again, "with a figure like yours I don't think it really matters."

Carol sat gaping for a moment. Then, resolved to the fact that she wasn't going to be getting her clothes back, she smiled slightly and held out her hand for me to help her up.

I leaned over and kissed the back of her hand as she stood. She strutted past me, flashing a smile over her shoulder. She flirted with the rest of the guys on the bus, waving and blowing kisses as she walked by. Then, with an air of confidence, Carol hopped down the stairs and walked bouncily out the door, her hands by her sides.

***
