Cause and consequences

I wrote about what happened to me a few years ago but noticed that it was removed from the site I'd sent it to after a short while - I guess it wasn't salacious enough and the conclusion, being true wasn't what the site moderators wanted. So having seen a few of The EdiTor's offerings from other people I thought I'd have another go through this route.

I've passed on the original and have emailed several times since, to clarify various points and have asked for a few changes because I didn't want it to stray even marginally from what actually occurred but realised my writing style isn't the best. I also asked The EdiTor to let me write this forward just to clarify that this is a genuine account although I must say the conversations are not totally accurate simply because I can't remember word for word.

***


My husband and I live in England and at the time of this event I was twenty nine, my husband thirty with our two children, six and four. We were both working (I had been away from work for my children but went back two years after Nicole was born) and with my husband's unexpected but really welcome bonus we decided to go on a more exotic holiday so travelled to the Caribbean for two weeks.

Now the place we were staying was really nice and like most places the service relaxed but good. The children were looked after by a sleeper service, not that they were any trouble, which gave us the opportunity to let our hair down fully probably for the first time since they were born.

Now the one thing that I think most married people would agree on is the major decrease in sex after children especially after two. In fact we'd barely done it since Nicole appeared a fact that we were both very aware of and now finally here was a chance to rekindle the flames.

We'd chatted about it the weeks leading up to our trip and actually got quite turned on and even made love a couple of times only the second time we'd been interrupted by Carrie (the eldest) after a `bad dream' - which if I'm honest was probably actually me making a bit too much noise when Duncan (husband) went down on me. It was embarrassing but thankfully Duncan covered quite well but that was most certainly that.

Anyway what we also did was whisper a few little fantasies while playing with each other knowing that we could stop if the door opened plus even if we were a little slow neither child would realise what was going on; anyway it was certainly a better alternative to catching us in the middle of `doing it'.

So we were looking forward to having a bit of time to romance each in the evenings without them plus the bedrooms in the apartment were split by a seating area so afforded us a bit of separation also, crucially, there was a lock on the door.

Now part of the fantasies involved talking about some naughty things we could get up to in the Caribbean and I suppose as we got into it these became both varied and quite naughty. I must really, really stress here that it wasn't deep routed desires just the type of sex talk most couples do; such as `no-knickers' adventures, oral sex in a public place and yes other people.

The other people ranged from women with Duncan to men with me (and the occasional lesbian scene, which I know that most women find a little bit of a turn on even if they don't admit it) but again I need to stress that this wasn't anything major, that is to say there were few specifics just words to get us aroused.

Anyway we were in the resort and on the second night after a meal we moved onto the dance area set up below the hotel on the beach and had a bop followed by drinks then when we were feeling no pain we were looking at the floor when I spotted a white woman with a black guy. I nudged Duncan and whispered that someone was playing away tonight and we both had a laugh.

The night ended with us making love and the sex was like old times; sensuous but also quite physical and probably as good as any for years. That was the start of some great lovemaking; the children went to an afternoon organised play event the next day and we took the opportunity to make love again, this time without any need to hold back. The next evening and in fact for the next several, we had drinks danced or walked on the beach and made love after.

Into the second week and we were again sitting watching the dancers when we notice another white and black couple and I mentioned to Duncan that I thought it was the same guy. I paid a little more attention this time and they were kissing and getting quite intense until they left hand I hand towards the beach.

"Bet I know what they're doing!" I suggested.

"You don't know." Duncan smiled. "Perhaps we should go check." 

"No! That's just nasty!" I stated but the thought excited me.

"Do you fancy?" Duncan pressed.

"What a black man?" I pretended to misunderstand. 

"If you like, but I meant watching." My husband joked. I guess what he said got me excited and so I replied.

"A good black man might be fun." I teased. "Let's go for a walk."

We looked at each other giggled then got up and trying not to make it look to obvious we left the dance area onto the beach giving the guy from the hotel, who was checking that there were no gate crashers, a smile then once his back was turned U-turned and went in the opposite direction following the illicit couple.

Being really dark should have meant it was impossible to see but we noticed them silhouetted against a small beach fire in the dunes a short distance away so with a glance around we followed.

We'd actually lost them completely and were aware we were well outside the hotel area but just when I'd decided it was unsafe to go further we actually heard her. Following cautiously we found then lying on a towel, we couldn't see that clearly but well enough to see they were already having sex, his body rising and falling in time with her groans.

We stood for maybe five minutes then he got quicker and she gave quite a loud yell which actually spurred me to drag Duncan away in case anybody else heard the noise. We headed back to our part of the beach then straight inside where with a look we laughed but it was one of shared excitement and by the time we'd reached out floor we'd been groping each other.

Ok so we were drunk and feeling more sexual than for years but that night not only did we do it more than once we vocalised a lot; basically about me doing something similar and this got us so hot we came in seconds. The follow up was slower and very erotic especially as Duncan gave a huge description of me doing the same as the woman; letting a local man pick me up before making love with him on the beach.

Honestly I found this as exciting as anything ever and was well into it, so much so that I had (almost uniquely for me) a third and forth climax. Duncan kept on about making it happen for me as I clearly found the idea really exhilarating and I murmured that it did sound an attractive prospect.

Please don't get me wrong; that night was close to the most erotic one ever but I still wasn't thinking that I would actually do it. Never the less we were now probably more eager than since we first dated as students, when we spent half the weekend in bed, so it was no surprise when we jumped at the opportunity to push the children into the afternoon play-club again and went up to our room.

Of course the previous night came up immediately and making love slowly we began to talk about what we'd seen and the fantasies that came from this. There was something different however; we were both talking about me with a black man only there was an edge in the conversation which was less like we'd had before but yet more potent.

I can only describe it as a conversation about possibilities. Instead of: `you drop your knickers and he does you in the open air as I do his wife', which was how we usually spurred each other on, it was more like testing each other. I think we were both deeply turned on by it but guilty the other might not understand however as we explored each others thoughts we kept pushing further; `I might find it fun, maybe, just the once' and `If it happened he'd be cool about and keep out of the way', stuff like that.

Duncan stated in a deep voice, `well I guess you really do need to try a local!' Causing me to hit a huge orgasm and I yelled very loudly which caused him to cum as well so I retorted; "Yes and you want me to!"

We'd gone far beyond where both of us expected and we needed time to reflect so we didn't mention it that night at all. The next evening was different; we danced and kissed and fondled each other as we'd got quite drunk then when Duncan gave me a nudge I turned to see another black guy dancing and kissing with a white woman.

"She's gonna get it tonight!" I murmured in my husband's ear.

"How about you?" he whispered back. "Do you want it tonight? The guy from earlier is right over there." He stopped dancing and gestured with his head. I looked and sure enough the man stood with a glass and surveyed the small crowd of guests.

"He wouldn't be interested in me I'm not single." I stated but we both knew otherwise, I wasn't unattractive and we had already agreed that the women he was picking up almost certainly had partners, if not actually with them at the resort then certainly at home.

"Tell you what, I'll go get myself another drink and let you dance alone for a bit." It was a pointed statement and we both knew what he was saying; if you, fancy making the fantasy happen here's your chance. I was too much of a coward and said `no' but he told me he had to pee anyway and left me, suggesting I put on a show for the guy anyhow.

So there I was alone dancing which was fine except when Duncan didn't go for a pee but perched on a bar stood at the far end. I thought `ok I'll flirt a little for you then' and danced closer to where the man stood watching.

I don't think he'd noticed Duncan earlier because he'd probably not have wandered straight over to me which he did as I was in the open, so to speak. He danced near then began to chat; His accent was strong but he had all the moves and got me laughing within minutes. I was soon dancing closer to him wondering how many of the guests were noting how I was with the guy, not that it mattered as we really hadn't made any friends during our stay.

Eventually he said he needed a drink and despite obviously not being a guest he sauntered back to the bar again and greeted the man serving as an old friend. He returned with two drinks giving me a chance to look at Duncan who actually locked eyes with me then gave me a small thumbs-up gesture. So he really was cool me being with the guy.  

We drank the drinks then danced again before the music went down a notch along with the lights and that was the cue for us to embrace and as I held him I felt his bulge through the fabric of my thin summer dress.

I was in turmoil now wondering how far I could/should go and if Duncan was going to stop me which would have been embarrassing because I didn't want to go further than he wanted me to, only I didn't know how far that really was!

Then Jason (the man) kissed me on the neck and I swooned. After a few of these he went to my ears and then my mouth and we were locked together. The kissing lasted ages and when we broke I had to check to see how Duncan was taking it; he was smiling!

He was pressed into me now, his bulge big and so hard and I was feeling so turned on. We danced a little longer then stopped for a drink and a kiss, then back to the dance floor. 

I was looking at Duncan as we moved together who seemed happy to sit and watch before disappearing to the bathroom for real this time. Jason was an expert so after another deep and passionate kiss, and before I even had time to think; we were `going for a walk'. It was in a different direction to the one the woman took with him the other night but again towards a similar small fire. Despite everything I was drunk and so, so keyed up I let him lead me to where I knew I would be lying with him only I wasn't yet certain we'd actually be making love.

We were lying on a towel, already spread in a hollow waiting, kissing each other as his hands began to explore me and I did nothing to stop him; I didn't want to stop him or should I say only the smaller sensible part of me did so I just let this continue. Once his fingers found my very wet sex I knew there was no turning back and if there was any reluctance in me it vanished.

I let him slip my knickers off then he placed my hand on his cock, which I'd not realised he'd even got out and I gave a little gasp of excitement as I felt him; he was big and very hard and I suddenly felt vulnerable.

"You need a condom!" I bleated but without even a pause he held one up to my face. 

"No problem, lady." He grinned and again in a flash it was on him. This act made me actually feel safe with him so I lay there slightly tense as he dropped his trousers, boxers and got between my parted legs; this was it!

He was bigger than Duncan so I was stretched as he pushed into me but I was also so wet actually once the head was inside he slid deeply and I let out a groan.

"The lady like it." He stated as he began to move above me. I mumbled my agreement my legs rising over his back as he worked deeper into me. This was unbelievable he was so big and so hard and it was such a dirty thing to be doing. My husband was somewhere in the night watching me having sex and probably pulling himself off.

It was then I hit my first climax and it was big. I yelled quite loudly and my legs held him tightly as I convulsed in pleasure. He gave a laugh and added: "Lady I could tell you needed some black meat the moment I seen you."

It was such a nasty thing to suggest yet all I did was say `yes'  I was on fire and he was making me feel so good I clawed at his rear moving to another orgasm. Then I saw them and stopped. There were two other men to our left in the gloom. Jason turned to look at then the smiled. "It's ok, just some of the guys, chill lady."

He went at me again with vigour only I was now really unsettled since we were being watched however when they seemed to disappear I began to respond again. I was just cresting my second climax when a man sat by my head his bare cock pointing at my face.

"Davie wants to join us. Kiss him lady." Jason ordered but I turned away. "Come on now, you like this and it's just us. You're on holiday and no one will know so why not?" as he spoke he began to chew my neck on the opposite side to the other man. Now I was still on the verge of the climax and despite my fears about two men I was too far gone to control myself fully.

I actually gave a moan as I hit my climax and which resulted in my mouth being filled with another man's cock. Ok I could have bitten it or made more of a fight of it but as he held my head I just let him move it in and out. That was Jason's cue to give his own yell and he came in great spurts. I felt his cock jerking as his seed hit the end of the condom then he was out of me and I had barely a moment before the third man was pushing his cock into me.

Now this man was truly huge, I don't mean just his cock, He was big, fat, 300lbs at least in fact he dwarfed me and his cock was the biggest I'd even taken by some distance. I shook my head as best I could and tried to move my legs but he was very strong and parted them with ease. I struggled but he was too big and as his overlarge cock began to open me out I whimpered, he was going to hurt.

It was almost rape now as these two strangers prepared to take me at either end while the man I'd willing gone with melted into the dark. The one in my mouth then said something to the first which I didn't understand but I guess was along the lines of; let me have a go before you stretch her too much. So the big guy thankfully withdrew his cockhead and they switched. The second guy, Davie scooted up and was up me in a flash. I had given up fighting, thankfully the big guy just stood and watched.

Like I said it was no longer fun so I simply lay back hoping he would be quick as I now felt like crying. He went at me like a jackhammer and he was so aggressive I was grunting each thrust but thankfully he came fast and left me to the huge guy. 

I was numb, feeling degraded and helpless, what was Duncan doing surely he could see I was not moving now and might guess I needed rescuing? The big guy held my legs then began to work his huge cock into me and I yelled and then asked him to stop but he grinned and said I'd like it once he'd got down to it.

The pain didn't ease as he fought to go deeper. I realised that I now had cum inside me which was a blessing because it acted as a lubricant and that helped the monster to penetrate me. The man finally (after what felt like a week of pain) withdrew slightly signalling he was about to get to work.

I won't bore you with this bit except to say that he fucked me for a considerable time. He wasn't as hard as the others at first so his cock got a little bent from time to time (thankfully as it meant after the cockhead the rest wasn't so unbearable) but he was slowly getting harder and as he did so he got deeper. I was full and hardly able to breath as his monster frame covered me but he was unrelenting and time seemed to stretch forever.

I cannot tell you how long he took but what I do know is that when he came his cock seemed to jerk in me for simply ages. Duncan takes a few seconds, the other guys similar but this guy was spurting in me for almost a minute.

Finally it was over and he got up said something I didn't understand then left me alone. Only it was short lived because Jason came over and as I lay still in shock he lay next to me and gave me a kiss telling me I looked hot and did I like big Malcolm?

Now this is the strangest thing of all. I was feeling emotional and close to tears (and not sure if I should report a rape or not) but Jason somehow got me chatting and after a few minutes I was actually kissing him as he whispered how sexy I looked with `the guys'.

I admitted I found Malcolm too big to which Jason suggested that I give him another go in a day or so and I'd find him great. I declined but he simply said he'd be by the dance floor in a couple of days and all I needed to do was come and say hi.

I looked for my knickers but they were gone so I got unsteadily to my feet and tried to make myself look a little less like a car wreck than I did: I was saturated in sweat and my clothes were crumpled. He gave me a kiss then pointed to the lights of the dance floor which while almost empty still had a few people on it.

I walked back aware of the cum rolling down my thighs and conscious I had to get past those still dancing so I stopped and smoothed my dress again tried to use my hand to comb my hair then after one final adjustment I made for the man at the beach entrance who with a grin let me through.

Thankfully no one was sober enough to notice me much so I beat a retreat to the hotel and then my room. I knocked three times but there was no reply and with a sinking feeling realised Duncan wasn't back. In fact I'd half expected him to meet me on the beach but he didn't.

I waited for fifteen minutes then was forced to go back down where I finally met him coming in the opposite direction. He saw me and rushed to me and before I could say anything (or cry which I was building to as well) he kissed me hard and told me he loved me. I whispered sorry but he stopped me as tears were forming and said he was proud of me and he loved me so much and would I mind if he had his turn.

I actually laughed at this and we went up to the room where, after a shower (didn't want the slime to get into our bed), we made love and I came three times as Duncan made the event truly special. I told him about the three men but he said it was fine and even told me that if I wanted to do it again in a couple of days he was cool with the idea.

This was a big no but it was sweet of him. Of course what scared me was the risk of being pregnant. Thankfully two days later I began to spot and I was so relieved I actually shed a tear.

So we returned home and everything was fine for a while. Then Duncan noticed a rash and went to the doctors who after a test announced he had syphilis which of course meant so did I.! We were so ashamed and it was even worse when I spoke to the doctor and he seemed to conclude that Duncan had been the guilty one not me.

Anyway we took the pills and made sure we were careful but then after about six weeks I realised I'd missed my period and went to see the doctor again and found out I was pregnant but what would having contracted Syphilis do to our unborn child?

Thankfully nothing but I was worried, very worried. Anyway things moved on for a few weeks until the hospital called me in and I was greeted with a doctor and a counsellor. After a brief chat they hit me with it; I had HIV! Christ for the sake of one brief stupid night I'd fucked up my life!

Then they told me about the various types, didn't know about these and that with the right treatment I might be AIDS free for decades but of course I might not. Then we discussed where it came from and that was confession time. We then discussed what I had to do, or not do from now on. No sharing of a lot of stuff (tooth brushes actually affects me the most), anything that might have blood on it. No unprotected sex and the big one the fact that our unborn child was likely to have it as well. Duncan was tested but thankfully he's clear of HIV.

It was then I wondered about the child's father. We'd only done it a few times since the holiday and always with condoms which made me really worried. In the end I spoke to our doctor who confirmed our fears that it might still have been conceived before my last period since the sex was so close to it.

In the end Duncan phoned the Police in Barbados to give them a retrospective account of my rape; not that it was really but he told them we went for stroll and a guy raped me when I got lost. We were too embarrassed to report it but now in the UK we'd realised our mistake.

I don't think they believed us especially when the HIV and pregnancy came out but they were given a transcript of our UK police interview and set up an investigation. Nothing ever came from it and we didn't press. Regrettably as we both feared the baby does have HIV which is really hard on him plus he is very black.

I cannot stress just how much my black baby and the HIV has torn the family and our lives apart. Stupidly Duncan blamed himself and won't allow me to carry the guilt I deserve. He was the one telling everyone I was raped in the Caribbean then claimed that due to his stupidity we'd covered it up when we should have told the authorities.

My mother hates him and can't understand why I didn't have an abortion even though she knows I'm against them. I've told her a dozen times Duncan was not to blame but what else can I do? Confess I acted like a slut and it's all my fault, which I think it really is?

This happened four years ago and the baby and I are now living with HIV although thankfully not too bad at the moment. So please, please, please read this and remember fantasies are great but never act on them because what I did has ruined so many lives.
