The attached work of fiction is intended to be entertainment for adults in locations in
which it is legal.  If it is illegal in your location, DO NOT read.  This is a copyrighted work. 
Reposting or any other use strictly prohibited without the express, written permission of
the copyright holder, except may by posted as part of a  review or posted to free-access,
noncommercial archive sights.

Copyright 1998 by E. Z. Riter.

E-mail address: ezriter@hotmail.com

Please!  Give me your comments.

This is a repost of a fifty-two chapter mind control, multi person romance. 


MY INHERITANCE

Chapter 17

Last Day in Aspen 

I felt someone shaking me gently. I opened my eyes to see Lisa smiling down at me,
dressed in ski shirt and pants with her leather collar on, as always.  "Good morning,
Davy. Breakfast in fifteen minutes. Here is your coffee," she said before kissing me.  I
was spooned with Andy, her delicious ass pressed hard into my crotch.  I stretched,
bumping her and she stretched, too, rolling to press her breasts into me. 

"Morning, sweetheart," Andy whispered, kissing me on the lips. She struggled up and
headed to the bathroom.  Julie was asleep on the far side of the bed.  I nudged her with
my foot. Her eyes popped open as she tried to determine where she was and remember
how she got there.  

"Davy," she whispered. "Thanks for being so wonderful.  I enjoyed our little game."

"Ohhhruuhh," I muttered.  Julie was not aware I did not speak in the morning until after
my first mug of coffee, except for dire emergencies.  I sat on the side of the bed and
sipped the first drops of that black, life-giving liquid. 

My mind jumped back to last night, to my rape of Julie.  She had wanted the rape.  It was
her fantasy, a game to be played between consenting adults. But, I had responded more
violently than I believed possible.  The power of control over her, the desire to crush her
under my will, had been devilishly strong.  The effect I had on Andy and her horrified
reaction had snatched me back to reality. I thought about power, its use and mind
control, as Julie slipped out of bed and into the bathroom. 

In a few moments, when I heard the shower, I stumbled into the bathroom.  Andy had
enjoyed girl-on-girl sex for some time, but it must have been new to Julie. I could see
Julie blush and turn a little as Andy tentatively caressed her nipple.  Julie stepped back
as Andy moved into her.  I watched Andy kiss her, and her hand slip between Julie's legs
before the steam covered the shower glass, hiding the view.  I joined them.  I mean, I
needed a shower anyway.  We all were throughly clean when Lisa stuck her head in
telling me she had refilled my cup. 

Lisa, who you remember was my former girlfriend who was now my slave, was primarily
responsible for all the household duties.  But, Lisa could not boil water, so Mary, an
excellent cook indeed, was teaching Lisa to be a domestic engineer. Mary and Andy
were both such positive and happy workers they always helped out, so Lisa did not really
have much more than a third of the duty. This morning, Mary and Lisa had hot oatmeal,
eggs, ham, toast, fresh fruit, milk and more coffee ready.  I was glad Jarred, Julie's
boyfriend, was there. It was nice to have someone at the table who ate more than I did.  

We all ate like pigs, then sat in front of the fire, visited and let our food digest.  Julie sat
by Jarred, holding his hand. Mary  curled up next to me. Andy nestled between my legs
because she wanted to.  Lisa knelt at Mary's feet because she was Mary's pet.   After an
hour or so, the crew was ready for skiing, so everyone dressed and headed out, except
for Mary and me. 

Sitting next to me on the couch, with her leg drawn under her and her knee against my
thigh, Mary rested her hand on mine.

"Andy told me about last night," she said.  "You frightened her."

I nodded. "It frightened me, too.  What do I need to do with Andy to help her get over it?"

"Talk to her. Love on her."

"Sounds normal to me."

"It really is, Davy. But, tell her to forget it and she will. That is the programming part." 
She went to get us more coffee, sitting again by me when she returned. 

"I have a message from Bert for you."  She slipped to her knees, kneeling between my
legs. She looked up in my face.

"Wait, Mary.  You are not in a trance.  Uncle Bert's messages always come in a trance."

"Bert gave me some messages to be delivered when I felt it was time. Those messages
were given me in bulk. I modify them as I feel appropriate. This is one of those."

"I did not hit a trigger point requiring you to deliver a message?"

"No. I have some free will, remember?"

"If you are not in a trance and delivering Uncle Bert's message, why are you kneeling
between my legs?"

She blushed, a faint rose color rising across her face.  "I like it down here.  So, sue me,
as Bert would say.  Now, be quiet and listen. I am concentrating very hard to make sure I
give you those message parts he wished you to have."

Mary closed her eyes, became very still and started to breathe in that deep, rhythmic
motion both she and Andy got when they went into a trance. But, when her eyes opened,
they were focused and clear, not the dazed, trance look. 

"Davy, it is dad again. This message is only to be delivered if Mary believes you have
faced a significant use of power.  For some months, you have studied, learned, read, and
thought about power, morality and responsibility.  My mind control drug gives you great
power and, as Lord Acton said, 'Power corrupts. Absolute power corrupts absolutely.' 
Since you are receiving this message and not the other one, you handled it properly. 
But, listen! That devil dog, lust for power, will come back again to bite you on the ass.  Be
ready to fight him off!"

"That is the end of Bert's message, Davy.  Any questions about it?"

"No, not about that."

"What questions then?"

"Andy was afraid of me. Why?"

"You made her afraid by your actions, just as if she were unprogrammed.  Remember,
Bert told you he had programmed both of us to protect us from you. He really was
modifying the programming to reinforce our natural self preservation tendencies even in
the face of your authority."

"Sounds like his words."

"They are," she said with a grin.  "What else did Andy say?"  Mary had a funny, knowing
expression. She knew what had been said.  She wanted to hear it from me. 

"She said she wants to bear my child. Is that the programming?"

"No.  That is her feminine nature and her love for you.  I want to bear your child, too,
Davy.  You are a wonderful man."  Her hand was soft on my face. 

Sex is not love. Love is not sex. Both are wonderful. Separate, they are unbelievable.
Together, they are heaven. I took Mary's hand, leading her to the bedroom.  

"Lay back."  Mary was naked now, her eyes bright, tension in her tone. I lay back. She
slipped on top of me, sixty-nine position. Hands on her hips, I guided her pussy to my
lips. I heard her moan before her lips wrapped around my cock. Mary had a delicious
tasting pussy and, as I told you, eating pussy is like eating food from the gods. She came
several times before turning to face me.  "Do my ass," she whispered, kissing me.  I
happily obliged. 

Sometime later, Mary said, "I need to introduce you to someone."   

"I thought no more clues would be given me until I finished all my assignment," I replied.

"My decision. If we get this information now, we will not need to come back to Aspen in a
few days. The key clue is still to be given you."

Free will again. Uncle Bert had built a very intriciate matrix of control in Mary.

Mary led me to an antiques shop. Betty, the woman who ran it, must have been seventy,
with gray-blue hair and a face like old leather, that hard, sun-damaged quality obtained
from a great deal of outside activity.  She was a real outdoors type, her body lean and
hard from the mountain life.  I wondered what it would be like to fuck a seventy-year-old. 
I bet Uncle Bert knew.

Betty had a picture of me made a few years ago. She carefully compared me to it,
checked all my ID, then asked to see my ass.  You remember. She wanted to see  the
rose tattoo Uncle Bert had me get when we hit a tattoo parlor in Denver a few years back.
Uncle Bert had me tattooed as a way of identifying me for people selected to give me
information in my treasure hunt. Uncle Bert could have put that damn tattoo some place
else if he was going to make me show to everyone I met. 

Convinced I was me, she guided us to the local bank.  Again, Mary produced a safe
deposit box key while Betty signed in. They both waited as I opened the box.   I found
volumes three through eight of his notebooks, a list of texts to read, including several on
major religions. No note and no next clue. I took my volumes and left.  Mary joined the
skiers while I read at the house. These volumes went more quickly than the first two but it
was a lot of technical information to cover. I got through most of it before I dozed off.

When I awakened, the skiers were back for dinner. Jarred and Julie were still with them.
Lisa, Mary and Andy cooked lasagna, green salad, asparagus and garlic bread. We
broke out some of Uncle Bert's wine cache.  He had excellent taste in wine, just like his
taste in women.  We got out a movie (it was not xxx rated)  and sat contentedly by the fire
watching. I thought about the ways two guys and the four women could have sex
together.  But, Julie and Jarred said they needed to get back to Julie's sorority.  We
kissed them goodbye and sent them on their way.  

I announced I was tired and was going to bed.  Usually, that announcement is
accompanied by all three of them following me to the bedroom. Tonight, they whispered
together as I walked out.  Then, Andy alone joined me. 

"I feel neglected, Davy," she whispered to me, her huge blue eyes soft and loving.  She
pressed up against me, her breasts crushed into my chest, her pussy rubbing leisurely
on my leg. "Do you mind if it was just me tonight?" 

"Never, my love. You are all any man could ever want."

She squeezed my balls thought my trousers.  Raising up to be kissed, she whispered, "I
know that is a lie, but I will live with it for tonight." 

She wrapped her legs around me as I fucked her, her body sweaty, her nipples erect, her
clit hard. I used Uncle Bert's programming, saying to her, after I had my cock in her,
"Quiet, little kitten."  After I gave the command, I realized I had never programmed her to
be lady like and rarely to coo like a bird. I loved her mewing and purring.  I had to admit
that while I had fucked many women lately, Andy was still the best. She orgasmed hard
and often, her pussy like a steel glove on my cock.  At her request, I held back until she
took me in her mouth. There I filled her to our mututal delight. 

The next day, all of us skied, enjoying the brilliant Colorado sun. That night, after steaks,
potatoes and green salad with another bottle of wine, I was ready for bed.  A huge storm
blew in and the temperature dropped even lower. 

In Australia, the drovers, as the sheep herders are called, judge the coldness of the
night by the number of dogs they sleep with for warmth.   For me, it is the number of
women.  Aspen was cold as hell, definitely a three-girl night, which is the way we slept. 
Maybe I should move to Alaska.  I wondered how cold it got up there. 

The next day, Mary awakened me before the sun came up, telling me I had more
information to access. We drove the Bronco to Starwood, where the rich folks and movie
stars live.  At a locked gate, a security guard stopped us. We gave our names, waited as
he called for clearance, then drove into the area.  "Stop at that house," Mary ordered. A
woman I did not recognize but who was about forty-five, stacked and drop dead beautiful,
was standing in the door in her robe. 

"You know what to do," Mary said, as I got out of the car.  The woman had a very irritated
expression on her face as she left me in.  

"Do you prefer sirloin or tube steak?" I asked the woman, using Uncle Bert's sexual
contact initiation phrase he programmed into all the women he fucked.  

"It depends on the chef," she replied.   

"What does your pussy prefers?" I saw her eyes glaze over. 

"It prefers following your commands."

"Do you have something for me?" I asked.  

"Besides my body?" she asked and let the robe drop to the floor. 

"That first, of course," I replied, getting hard looking at her. 

The woman led me to the back bedroom of the house, lay down and spread her legs. It
was not a good fuck. Mechanically, it was fine and she was a superb specimen, but
passion was missing. She did orgasm however.  I wondered if she had been
programmed for the big "O."

As she lay in her afterglow, she said, "Davy, its dad. How is your cock holding out?  On
January 14, go the Colorado Hotel in Glenwood Springs, ask for Jose, the head bellman.
If Jose is gone, ask for his son, Jose, Jr. Give him five one-hundred dollar bills and ask
for a package for Winston Bubberman. Now, go have fun until then. Merry Christmas."

The woman awakened and wrapped her arms and legs around me. 

"Since you are still hard, let's do it again."  

This time was better, but something was still missing.  About eight months later, I saw
her in "People" magazine on the arm of a movie producer.  It was then I learned her
name. 

I still had not finished my three chores required before Mary could give me the next clue.
I wondered how Uncle Bert fit the clue from Jose and Mary's clue together and if I was
getting off schedule. For the first time, I wondered if I was doing this treasure hunt
correctly.  I was contemplating the puzzle when the realtor called asking if I would rent
the Aspen house for the rest of the Christmas holidays. Her client was offering $10,000 a
day. I passed. I did not want strangers in my house.  

With only three days to Christmas, we packed the Bronco for the drive to Vail.  

To be continued  . . . 

Please! Give me your comments.

Email address: ezriter@hotmail.com