Title: A Winter Walk
Author: Vinnie Tesla
Universe: A Week of Dreams
Summary: A short fantasy.
Keywords: M/F rough rom bicycle-repair

On Sunday, I went for a walk in the woods.

The thin, crusty snow crunched under my feet as I walked, 
hands deep in my pockets, the icy wind making my eyes 
water, the young bare trees around me offering little 
protection. The occasional oak murmured loudly as all its 
dead leaves were rattled by the wind.

I imagined walking with you, listening to you talk, the 
rapid staccato rhythm of your words.  "So, yesterday I took 
a U-bolt, and stuck one end through the rear-brakes hole 
and nutted it on," you say, miming the action with your 
hands.  "The seat tube used to sit on a bolt through the 
brakes hole, but now it sits over the other end of the u-
bolt.  I dremeled a groove in the conduit for where it sits 
against the bottom of the U. There was too much play in the 
tube, so I cut a--" 

I consider asking what dremeling is, but then I have a 
better idea. I grab your jacket and shove you hard against 
a treetrunk, then burrow my hand through your scarf and 
grip you by the hot skin of your throat and lean in close.

Our eyes lock, and for a moment there's no strength in me 
at all. Your bow-shaped lips are parted in a gasp, your 
cheeks are flushed from the cold air. I want to fall to my 
knees and wrap my arms around your waist, hold you very 
tight and not let go. I push that aside and lean in close. 
My other hand comes up and I run my thumb lightly over the 
chilled skin of your cheek. Your breath shudders and you 
bite your lower lip bewitchingly.

I grab your short hair in one hand, and jerk your head back 
'till you're facing the bare branches above us. You whimper 
in pleasure. I frantically unwind the scarf from around 
your neck, and bury my face in your throat, nuzzling and 
licking, while our bodies twine together tightly.

Now I pull you away from the tree, spin you around, and 
push you back. Your cheek is against the cold rough bark 
now, your arms around the narrow trunk I press up against 
your back, my cock grinding between the cheeks of your ass, 
your hips pushing back to meet me. I bite the rim of your 
ear, and groan aloud at the feeling of your wild little 
body beneath me.

I bring you around once more, and part your lips with my 
fingertips. I flicker my tongue across your lips and your 
strain to meet me against my grip on your fine dark hair. I 
can't resist you long--I kiss you hard. My hands burrow 
through layers of winter clothes 'till I can put my hands 
on the hot skin of your waist, feel the lean muscles 
underneath.

I do kneel now, and I kiss the white skin of your belly 
again and again, bury my tongue in your navel, run my lips 
along the inch or so of exposed little black hairs that run 
down to your cunt. 

While I'm kissing and licking, I unfasten your pants. I 
jerk them down to your knees, rapidly followed by your 
tights. 

Oh, god. The shiny black hairs of your pussy, gleaming in 
the winter sun, the delicate pale skin of your hips. The 
hint of rich burgundy at your labia. I feel dizzy.

I press my cheek against your vulva, feel the heat of your 
skin, rub my face in the soft hair. My hands grip your taut 
thighs, feel the hard muscle under the soft pale skin. I 
urge them apart, and you crouch down a little and spread 
your knees. My lips find your opening, so wet already. I 
hear you groan, and your fingers tangle in my hair, pushing 
my stocking cap off my head to fall on the snow beside us.

One of my hands spreads your labia open, the other braced 
against the tree trunk. The cold of the snow is starting to 
seep through my pants. I ignore it.  My lips close on the 
tiny hood of your clit, my tongue drumming against the 
bottom. . I nip at it and you grunt, your hands tighten, 
unsure whether to pull me closer or push me away. 

My fingers are exploring your opening now, working their 
way inside, where it's slick and hot.  Two go in up to the 
knuckle, then a third, and you groan and bite your lip.  I 
rise to face you, drinking in the sight of your brows 
knitting as you writhe your hips against my hand.  

I take your chin in one hand, as the other jams against 
your pubic bone. Your eyes are becoming distant as the 
sensation swells inside you. "Slap me," you whisper.  A 
light open-handed blow to one cheek brings your eyes back 
into focus, doesn't slow the rotation of your hips. You nod 
slightly--"like that." I slap your face again, a little 
harder, In the instant of contact, I feel the chill in the 
skin of your cheek. I stop the motion of my other hand.  
Your hips are bucking against me, making up for my lack of 
movement. 

I can't stand it any more--my arms go around you, I press 
you against the treetrunk again, and kiss you hard. You 
feel the treebark against your ass, my tongue pushing into 
your mouth, my hard cock pressed against your stomach 
through my pants. 

"Fuck me," you groan. You mean you want me to keep dry-
humping against you, but I take you literally, turning you 
around, and pulling your hips back from the tree. I fumble 
my rigid cock out of my pants and shuffle forward, dead 
leaves cracking underneath me.  I slide my prick against 
the groove of your ass, dark purple against your white 
skin. A little saliva against the already-drooling tip, and 
I press it against your labia.  In a few strokes, I'm 
inside, soaking in the raging heat of your interior. I moan 
at the sensation of your gripping me--my breath forms 
clouds that swirl and disappear.  Gripping your hips, I 
pump inside you until my thighs start to cramp. I pull out, 
and a couple tendrils of steam rise from my shining shaft.

I pull off my coat and throw it down on the ground. You 
grin at me, and kneel on the black wool, bending down and 
arching your hips up at me so that your open cunt is 
displayed.  I fall on my knees behind you, and am in you in 
a single stroke, making you yelp.

I lean back and slap at your ass as I work my hips against 
you, "Harder," you demand. I don't know if you mean the 
spanks or the fucking.  One more loud spank, making you 
grunt between gritted teeth, then I lean over you, take 
hold of one of your shoulders, and pound my hips against 
yours, slow and hard. My other hand slides up your stomach, 
your ribcage, under your bra to squeeze your soft breast. 
Your nipple is puckered tight. I tug at it and your growl 
and shove back against me.

When I come, I'm pumping so wildly, like an animal, beyond 
all conscious control.  My weight is on you as I hug you 
tight from behind, gnawing at the nape of your neck.

In the moments afterward, you collapse to lie sprawled on 
my coat, the head of my prick still inside you, my heavy 
panting chest against your back.

When I fall out of you, I clamber off and kiss one pink 
asscheek before helping you up and kneeling to button your 
pants for you.  I stand and we hug tightly, tightly for a 
long moment. 

"So, there was too much play in the seat tube," you say 
over my shoulder, "so what I did is I cut a block of wood 
to fit snugly between what used to be the seatmates and the 
brake bar in the back, and the wheel in the front. And then 
I drilled a one-inch hole at an angle for the conduit to go 
through."

Snarling, I reach down and scrape together a handful of snow to throw
at you, but by the time I'm up again you're off at a run, whooping,
back towards the path.

