Puericil, the Secret to a Tame Husband: by Bakeboss
In hindsight, it was obvious but the changes came about so gradually I didn't really notice them. I mean I did notice I couldn't seem to get hard enough to enter Pam but I put that off to stress at work and being tired. Then there was that time that my boss made me cry when he chewed me out about my sales figures but I'd always made my goals before and maybe my crying could be expected. I've always been a big sports fan but now sports bored me and I've found I enjoy a nice cuddle with Pam as we watch one of her girly films.

As I said the changes came so slow, I didn't take notice until one day I happen to come home from work early. 
"Marge it is working wonderfully on him, I swear Justin is now more woman than man. I don't think I'll even need the injections you ordered."
She looked up to see me standing there,
"Oops I think I just let the cat out of the bag, I'll call you back."
"Hi Sweetie, I guess we need to talk. You remember when I went out with Marge for a girl's night out and I called you and said I was too drunk to come home? When we were at the bar I bumped into Johnnie, you remember, my old boy friend Johnnie. Well, before I knew what was happening we were making out and I ended up in his bed." 
I was crushed, I asked her if she was going to leave me for him but she assured me she wasn't.
"To be honest I did think about it, sex with Johnnie is the best, I mean knock down, cum till you can't breathe fantastic but living with him is impossible. If I have to choose whether to live with a great lover or a great husband then you win every time baby, I choose you."

Pam went on to tell me about a joke gift she got at her bridal shower, a book called, 'How to Tame a Husband', and a chapter called, 'Puericil, the Secret to a Docile Mate'. It was created to get unruly boys to mind by making them more like girls. When she mentioned this to Marge, her friend said she knew a woman who had some and would gladly give her some of it to try. She told me she's been slipping me a dose everyday in my food and that she loves how girly I've become.
"Wait I'm your husband, why would you want a girly husband." 
"It's not like you were ever a he-man..."
"Then why did you even marry me," I interrupted.
"Johnnie was the best in bed but I hated being with him and when I met you and you were so sweet I thought I'd prefer having a nice man around, and I did until I slept with John again and realized how much I missed real sex."

I embarrassed myself by crying in front of her but I couldn't help it and even worse when I looked up at her she was smiling. 
"Come on; let's go to the bedroom I'll make it up to you."
She took my hand and led me as I tried to stop my sobbing. She undressed me and laid me on the bed then I watched as she took her own clothes. She looked so hot and sexy and I wanted her more than anything but still my penis was more flaccid than erect. My humiliation worsened when she confessed she preferred my tongue to my penis. She climbed up on my chest and then lowered her sex to my waiting tongue. I so enjoyed giving her pleasure that my penis began to throb. As I licked her, I rubbed myself but just before I climaxed she came and I could feel myself soften between my fingers.

After her satisfaction, we spooned with her arms around me and as she kissed and nibbled on my ears, she began caressing my nipples. I guess in my still aroused state I let out a moan and when she heard this, she placed her other hand on my penis and began to rub it. She then squeezed my nipple so hard it hurt and it sent an electric shock strait to my groin.  
"Sweetie do you remember Amy, my old college roommate? I think you're just like her; she liked having her nipples tweaked so hard it left bruises and I swear you eat me almost as good as she did."
As she said this she kept rubbing me and it felt so good that I lay there pumping myself between her fingers.
"I wish I could make you be my girlfriend and do all the sexy things Amy and I use to do. I mean now that I can have Johnnie I really don't need you to be a man. Now, don't look so upset, it will be fun, here try on my panties I want you to feel them." 

I don't know, I guess it was the Puericil but it was like magic, the feel of her panties around my waist and up against my genitals changed my life. Before the night was over, we were playing dress-up and I felt more aroused than ever before. I still couldn't maintain an erection but she did give me oral as she teased me about licking my clit. I even came a little bit and she swallowed it. The next day she brought home a strap on dildo and that night she took my cherry as she called me her bitch. As for me, I came like never before and soon this became a regular sex act between us.

A few weeks later, I came home to find her beaten with a black eye. She told me Johnnie had gotten too rough and she didn't want to see him ever again. I told her how sorry I was and called Johnnie a brute but secretly I was glad. She said not to worry she'd find a new man, they were a dime a dozen but that men like me were rare and she was so glad she had me.

So, this is how we now live our life, oh we try to put on the appearances of man and wife but I really don't think we fool many people. Pam keeps telling me that with the right makeup and hairstyle, I could pass as a woman easily but I'm too chicken. I bet my boss would be nicer if I were a woman, hmm, maybe I'll change jobs and start the new one as female.


