Title: Keep it in the Family
Rating: NC17
Pairing(s): Spike/Xander/Angel
Chapter : 3/18
Previous Chapters : Starts here and follow links at bottom.
Warning(s): vamp!Xander
Beta(s): Not beta'd but proofread
Disclaimer: Not mine – believe me, if they were I wouldn't be writing about them, I'd be rolling around in a bed with them! 
Summary: What happens when Spike gets a little brother?

“Buffy, we need to talk about Hosti – about Spike”. Walking back towards the Magic Shop after patrol, slightly battered and bruised, Riley knew he needed to have this conversation with his girlfriend but really not wanting to.

“What's to talk about?” Twirling a stake like a baton, Buffy bounced along at Riley's side. A very successful patrol, a quick report to Giles and then back to Riley's dorm room for a release from all the battle induced tension – a slayer couldn't ask for more.

“I have orders to bring him in. No, I know you don't think he's dangerous with the chip but he is. He's not the ally you think he is. He's only helping you so he can learn your weaknesses – he's building a power base amongst the local demons – and once he's got all the pieces in place he'll strike”.

“Spike?? Power base? Oh Riley, please!! The one thing you can guarantee about Spike is that he's never stuck to a plan in his life. Now he's chipped, he's neutered – there's nothing he can do to hurt me or the rest of the gang”. Riley sighed, exasperated at her wilful blindness.

“I don't understand you. You're the Slayer – you're supposed to dust demons like him, not keep them around like pets. He's not a pet, Buffy, he's a dangerous hostile and I am under direct orders to bring him back in”. Stopping in her tracks, Buffy turned to look at Riley. He was serious – she couldn't believe it, he really thought Spike was some sort of threat.

“Riley - “

“I don't want to argue – just, just think about it. I mean, when was the last time Spike was around to help you out? He's already causing splinters within the group – Xander rarely comes out on patrol anymore and that's directly as a result of Spike needling him”.

“Now you're just being ridiculous. Xander is working really hard, that's why he hasn't been around lately for slayage. And let's be honest, Spike is a better fighter than Xander – it's handy having him around”.

“What – so you're saying you'd rather have Spike at your back than Xander?” Unaccountably angry on behalf of the young man, Riley stiffened in rejection of what he was hearing.

“NO! I mean – no, it's just nice not to have to worry about Xander getting hurt. If anything happens to Spike, we just drop him back at his crypt and throw a couple of bags of blood at him – he's expendable Riley, he's – well, he's cannon fodder”. Nodding her head, happy she had made her point, Buffy continued her walk towards the shop.

“Fine. But you need to think about the last time you're non-expendable friend was around at the same time as that damn Hostile and understand the risk you're taking. The Initiative want Spike back, and they're going to do whatever it takes to get him back. Do you have any idea how valuable the data we could get from him about how well the chip works is? Maggie - “

“Psht! Maggie!! I knew this had to do with her – it always does”. Buffy sighed. “Ok, I'll think about it. There's no biggies going on at the moment, and maybe you're right about Xander being all avoidy lately. I'll talk to Giles – ok?” Riley nodded, happy he had laid the groundwork. As a hostile that had adapted to the limitations of the chip, Spike was extremely valuable research material, and he wanted the kudos of being the one to bring him in – whatever it took. 

Ramming Angel's head onto the ground, Spike tightly gripped Angel's hair, straddling the bigger vampire as he snarled and swore.
“You bastard! He belonged to me – ya gave him to ME!! How could ya – you always take everything away from me! He was mine – I was going to turn him when the time was right and this soddin' chip got in the way! He was mine and look what you've done!” Struggling against Spike's weight and the death grip he had on his hair, Angel jerked upwards, trying to up-end the other vampire and gain some leverage. Proof of that Xander had been saying about how weak Spike was was the fact that Angel was able to finally throw him off, jumping to his feet despite the jeans that were sliding down his hips and threatening to unbalance him.

“Spike – SPIKE!! Enough – let me explain!” Scowling, Spike slumped against the base of the bed, panting for breath. He couldn't believe it – couldn't believe that Angel had stolen this away from him as well – the fuckin' chip was bad enough, but losing Xander to the Pouf was the absolute last straw. Enraged all over again, he dove at Angel's legs, knocking them out from under him and tackling him to the floor.

“Stop it, stop it please!!” Xander's cries slowly got through the red mist blinding Spike to everything but his earnest attempt to strangle Angel – an attempt that clearly demonstrated he was out of his mind since none of them needed to breathe. Tugging at Spike's wrists, Xander was crying and gasping for breath, desperately torn between his feelings for Spike and his need to protect his Sire. “Spike – you have to stop, let me explain...”

Shrugging off his hands, Spike clambered to his feet and strode away from the two of them – tugging at his hair with despairing hands as he realised he had totally lost any chance he had ever had with Xander. Angel had won yet again – had taken away the only light he had had since the damn chip had screwed up his life.

“Explain?? Explain which bit Pet?? Would that be why you're lying around naked letting Angel fuck ya? Or why you've made some improvements to the ol' Donut Boy exterior? Although it wouldn't take much to improve on that now would it?” he sneered angrily, internally wincing as he saw his barb strike home.

“Fuck you Spike!”

“No thanks – looks like Angel got there before me, and I don't do sloppy seconds anymore!”

“You basta -”

“Enough, both of you!” Angel's roar stopped their angry sniping, and both took a step back as still in his vampiric visage Angel rose to his feet and stared at them both. “Spike – sit the fuck down, you're going to listen to this whether you want to or not. Xander – go into the kitchen and get some blood from the fridge – you need to eat”. Running his hands tiredly through his hair, Angel strode through to the living space, grabbing Spike by the shoulder and manhandling him into one of the chairs. How the fuck did he get himself into these situations?

“So, what – you're saying you turned him by accident?” Spike was still sneering but was less angry, pacing up and down the room in an agitated manner. He stopped as Xander brought through a mug of blood which he accepted grudgingly, a sigh escaping him as he drank down what he was amazed to discover was human blood. “What the fuck – when did ya start drinking human again?”
“I ordered it in for Xander – you know a newborn needs fresh human blood to get strong. That and Sire's blood”. Spike nodded grudgingly, wondering if he could get a refill but determined not to ask. “You should have some more – you look like you haven't eaten properly in weeks”.

“Yeah? Well how was I supposed to do that with the Watcher and the friggin Slayer getting me a couple of bags of pig every now and then like it's some big favour, and all my funds tied up with you?”

“I'm sorry. Spike, until Xander came up here I didn't know about the chip, I swear to you”. Something inside him soothed by the thought that his Sire hadn't just abandoned him to his fate with the Scoobies, that Angel really hadn't known, Spike nodded. He turned to look at Xander who was curled up in a corner of the sofa, sipping from his own mug of blood. Still in game-face, not yet in control enough to revert to human, Xander was scrunching himself up, trying to be as unobtrusive as possible. His expression unknowingly softened, a wave of arousal crashing over him as he gazed at the young man's face. He had always known that Xander would make a lovely looking vampire, but it had been his intention that if anyone sired the young man, it would be him. And now that had been taken away from him, he wasn't sure what to do. And there was something that just struck him, something that seemed odd if what Angel was saying about when he had turned Xander.

“How the hell are ya still Xander and not a mindless lump?” Xander looked up at both of them as Angel turned to hear the answer, struck anew by how very Xander-like the boy had remained despite the trauma of his turning and his continual game-face.

“Yes, Xander – that was part of what I wanted to discuss with you. How on earth are you still yourself?” Xander looked hunted for a moment, obviously desperate to escape questionning before realising he was going to have to have this conversation sooner or later – better to get it out of the way with both of them there rather than having to go through the whole thing again.

“Yeah, about that. Erm – well you see - “