The church was old, abandoned and falling to pieces in its neglect. Tina had to admit that churches had fallen out of fashion in the last couple of years and they were the last place anyone would look. She looked back to Mike. He looked incredibly uncomfortable, arms wrapped around his waist, collar still around his neck, because he could not legally be outside without it. “Let’s do this,” he said, in a voice that was so heartbreakingly nervous. Tina nodded and then entered the church, Mike close behind her.

There were a couple of people huddled in the main church building, sitting on and in between the rows of pews. It was obvious that the main action however, was happening in the small conference room to the left side. Tina immediately recognized Brittany. The blonde smiled at her and waved. “Tina,” she said, running up and hugging the girl. “Hi. Coach Sylvester said that you would be joining us tonight. Are you okay, sweetie?”

Tina gaped, trying to talk. “As okay as I’ll ever be,” she mumbled. “This is Mike.”

“Hi,” Brittany said and there was not an ounce of the condescending ‘slave tone’ in her voice. “I’m sure that Coach Sylvester didn’t give you guys any information about what’s going on here, and though I have to be vague, I want to let you know that the Ohio Underground has been going on for a long time and though we have had our fair share of tragedies, we’re a well oiled machine and we’re going to get you two to safety.”

Mike nodded slowly, testing out actually talking to someone else. “This is an amazing thing you do,” he mumbled, low.

The girl smiled softly and looked to the clock. “Transport doesn’t happen for awhile,” she said. “Go into the conference room and try to get some rest. It’s going to be a long journey.”

Mike and Tina wordlessly moved into the room. Tina knew that her head was spinning too much to really think, but at the same time a million fragmented thoughts were running through her head. She was gone. Sue Sylvester would arrange for her to appear dead to her family and friends. She was moving on to what she hoped was a new life for herself and for the boy that she loved so much.

When they entered the room, Tina saw many scared looking people wearing tattered clothing and looking an awful mess. Some of them were free people like Tina, but many of them were slaves. She quickly zeroed in on someone who she once knew. He went by Puck and had been a student at McKinley until he was expelled some time last year.

“Uh…Puck?” she asked softly.

The boy looked up at her, shocked. “Um, I remember you from school,” he said quickly, “but I can’t remember your name.”

“Tina,” she said softly. “You wouldn’t have paid me mind or given me the time of day. We were in different social groups.”

That made him smile. He had a very attractive smile. “Oh, how the mighty fall, huh?” he asked. “What are you doing here Tina?”

She brought Mike over. The boy had been standing awkwardly off to the side. “This is Mike,” she said softly. “He was my…my slave,” she mumbled.

He nodded, as if he knew a lot. His eyes looked worn and tired and he looked like he had lived through so much. “I get you,” he said honestly.

“What are you-“

She stopped when she realized that the boy was holding a worn slave collar in his hands. “When my mom defaulted on one too many bills, my younger sister and I were involuntarily sold into slavery,” he mumbled low. “Mom couldn’t stop it and she got taken advantage of. I had to take my little sister and get her out of there.”

He gestured to his side and Tina saw a little girl of about eleven or twelve years sleeping on a bench. “That’s so horrible,” she whispered softly. She could not believe that children were now being stolen from their parent’s homes because their mother was too poor.

“It’s fucked,” Puck agreed quietly. “So you two are together right?”

Tina looked to Mike and nodded. “Yes, we are,” she said softly. “I love him more than anything and I couldn’t stand another second of living in a world where he was a piece of property.”

Mike looked awkward and Puck shook his hand. “Good to meet you bro.” Mike nodded and then went off to sit down somewhere near Puck’s little sister. “Is he okay?” Puck asked Tina softly.

Tina shrugged. “I worry about him,” she admitted. “I slipped up about how I felt for him, which led to him getting taken into retraining.”

“Oh shit,” Puck mumbled low. “I went through hell in those slave camps, I gotta admit it. I wasn’t going to go down without a fight. They can tear into a person and really break their spirit. They…really convince you that you’re less than human, but he’ll come together when you guys are free, yeah?”

“I sure hope.”

While Tina and Puck spoke, Mike stepped off to the side and sat down, not feeling well. He was just so overwhelmed; being in a place where all people treated him like Tina treated him – like a real person. He had not been a real person his entire life and it was insane to be thrust into that world.

He shut his eyes and tried to relax, when he heard a soft whimpering sound from his side. The little girl who Tina’s old friend had revealed to be his sister woke up, her eyes fluttering open. “Noah?” she asked.

“H-hey,” Mike mumbled softly, finding it very hard to speak. He was just so scared lately. “Your brother is over there talking to Tina.”

She looked over, sitting up on her elbows. “I’m Sarah and I’m almost twelve,” she mumbled. “Who are you?”

“I’m Mike,” he said.

She smiled very softly. “Who is Tina?” she asked.
“Tina is the most amazing girl in the world,” Mike said, looking at where Tina and the child’s brother were talking to one another. “She’s everything to me.”

“Is she your girlfriend?”

“Sort of, yes,” Mike mumbled softly.

“She’s pretty,” the little girl said vacantly. “She must be nice if she’s my brother’s friend. Do you know my brother?”

“We just met,” Mike said.

“Noah is an amazing big brother,” Sarah said, looking down at the space in between the two of them. “He took care of me when the horrible, horrible slave traders hurt me. They hurt Noah really bad, of course, because he protected me and got in their way, but he said that he never wants me to get hurt again. He’s going to keep me safe and get me to a place where we can be free again.”

“He sounds like a fantastic brother,” Mike said, looking to the little girl, actually looking in her eyes finally.

“Slavers hurt you too, didn’t they?” she said wisely.

Mike nodded.

“They won’t hurt us again.”

In the middle of their conversation, Puck turned and looked at Sarah and Mike. “Sarah’s always good at striking up a conversation,” he said, and Tina could tell by the look in his eyes that the boy was very fond of his sister. “I think that if your boy needs as much inspiration as you say he does, she can be that. She’s inspired me to keep on fighting through this.”

Tina looked over to the pair and smiled when she saw Mike give the child a half-hug. “I just want better,” she said. “I sacrificed everything in the world for this, but if Mike and I can live a free life, then it’s worth it.”

“I know it will be,” Puck said.

The truck came and soon they were loaded on like animals. Mike walked Sarah back to her brother and then they got inside. It was tight and cramped but they were ready for the next leg of their journey.
Tags: pe