Title: When a friend shows you a different love.
Author: Story Teller 101
Rating: 97.1%
Themes: Fiction

Summary:
I met my friend Becky after work one Friday. I was feeling down and needed cheering up. We met in a small wine bar and ordered. We got chatting about work and such like. “So how is Todd?” she asked “you haven’t mentioned him”. I took a deep breath “we are not together anymore” I said “I found out that he had been cheating on me”. “Oh I am sorry honey” she said “what you need is a boyfriend who won’t cheat unless you let him, won’t tell you what to wear or where you can go, won’t disappoint you a

============================================================

I met my friend Becky after work one Friday. I was feeling down and needed cheering up. We met in a small wine bar and ordered. We got chatting about work and such like. “So how is Todd?” she asked “you haven’t mentioned him”. I took a deep breath “we are not together anymore” I said “I found out that he had been cheating on me”. “Oh I am sorry honey” she said “what you need is a boyfriend who won’t cheat unless you let him, won’t tell you what to wear or where you can go, won’t disappoint you and won’t brag about having sex with you. You need a dog”. I laughed “oh sure, in my little apartment” I replied “it is ok for you in that big house your parents left you”. We drank some more and then went our separate ways.

Back home I sat in the lounge room watching TV but not really concentrating. I started to think about what Becky had said. Then it hit me. “Did she say I needed someone who didn’t brag about having sex with me? I needed a dog?” I thought. No, she couldn’t have meant that. Sex with a dog. My God that was so left field. Now I knew Becky was sort of bohemian in many ways and I knew she had a dog. A lovely dog names Boots. But the idea of her having sex with him, bloody hell. But I couldn’t get her words out of my head. I had read somewhere that there were women who had sex with animals. I had laughed and shaken my head. Now I was wondering if it was real. I had to know.

Saturday I rang Becky. “Honey, last night you talked about a dog instead of a boyfriend” I said “and you said something about dogs not bragging about sex”. There a moments silence and then she said “yes I did say that. It must have been the wine talking”. “Oh ok” I said “it has just been bouncing around in my head and I wondered, you know”. “Tracy, I shouldn’t have said anything” she went on “I spoke out of turn. Sorry to shock you”. I told her I wasn’t shocked, which was a lie. I was totally shocked. “Well it is just you live alone and have a dog. I wondered” I said. “OK Tracy you caught me out. Yes my dog and I have a special relationship” she said “Very special”. I stood there unable to speak. “Tracy. Why don’t you come over and we can talk honey” she said “we need to talk”.

I went to Becky’s house with mixed feelings. Was she having a lend of me? Was she joking? I went inside and we sat in the lounge room. “What do you want to know?” asked Becky. I really didn’t know to say. If she was joking she was doing a good job of hiding it as she wasn’t laughing. Finally, as I wasn’t saying anything she decided to start. “Boots is my lover Tracy. I am his bitch” she began “it started maybe a year ago by accident but now I give myself to him every night”. I sat stunned. “Well say something honey” she said. “I…umm….well I don’t know what to say. How did it start? You said by accident”. “Well one night I was sitting on that couch naked and Boots came up, I patted him and he pushed his nose between my legs and licked me” she explained “I tried to push him away but I realised I was enjoying it. He made me cum. I did some online research, saw women having sex with dogs and I thought why not. I did it once and I was hooked. It took a while to get it right but was well worth it. I love it”.

I couldn’t quite believe what she was saying. I had never seen it on the internet but I was obviously not looking for it. Why would I. “So he, you know, fucks you then?” I asked. “Yes honey” was the reply. “So does he cum like he would with a real bitch?” I asked. “Yes Tracy he cums heaps. Of course I can’t get pregnant. Another advantage”. “Does he enjoy it” I asked. “I don’t think he does. He is doing what comes naturally but I certainly enjoy it” she replied “I know this is very strange honey. I don’t think you can understand unless you experience it”. I gasped “my God, you mean do it. I couldn’t Becky. It is all too weird”. But as I said I realised that my pussy was tingling. It had been several weeks since I had sex with someone. My sexual relief was self-induced.

Becky smiled at me. “I can see your nipples darling. Are you turned on?” she asked. “Well talking about sex, even with a dog, sort excites me” I admitted. “Why don’t I let him in and let him lick you and you might understand what I am saying” she said. At that point I should have said no thanks and returned home. But I trusted Becky and I never thought she would do anything that was dangerous. Weird? Yes, but not dangerous. “I don’t know Becky” I said. “Frightened you will like it honey” she said goading me “how long has it been since you had your pussy licked?” I had to admit it had been several weeks and even then not often. “Well Boots has a magic tongue, nice and wide and rough and wonderful” she said “try it once Tracy. I know you will love it”.

The way she described it made me wonder. Could it be as good a guy licking me? Damn it, why not try it if only to satisfy my curiosity. It couldn’t hurt, right? Becky let Boots into the house. I had seen him many times but he suddenly looked so big. “Slip your knickers off honey and sit on the edge of the couch with your legs open. He will do the rest” she said. I did as she told me and as soon as I opened my legs he zoned in. Pushing his nose into my crotch he began to lick me. I jumped and squealed as his tongue lapped at my pussy. “Oh shit” I shrieked “oh my God. It feels so good”. His tongue was as Becky had described it. Broad and rough and very long. It swept me from my back door to my clit and back again time and time again. I began to moan as I felt my orgasm building. Could it happen? Could he make me cum? The answer was a resounding YES as I peaked. It was truly amazing. “Don’t stop Boots” I squealed “make me cum again and again”. Becky sat watching and smiling. I now knew how she had been converted. But could I go to the next step?

“You like that don’t you honey” Becky said but the answer was obvious. I came once more before Boots seemed interested in more. He tried to climb up on me as I sat there still shaking. “You have him excited Tracy” Becky said “he wants to make you him bitch. That is he we started”. I had gone to Becky’s home to satisfy my curiosity. Now I had decide if I wanted a different type of satisfaction. Becky explained about a dog’s knot. That is how he ties with his bitch so he can impregnate her. Dogs generate pre-cum as a lubricant. “I don’t think lubrication will be your problem” she said laughing “so are you ready to give yourself to him? If not I will have to take over”. Again she was challenging me. My brain was saying “don’t do it” but my body needed sex, any sex. “Yes I want him” I said, hardly believing what I was saying.

“On your knees in front of the couch and rest your body on the couch” she told “Boots will do the rest”. She was so right. I pushed him down and got into position. Funnily enough this was my ex-boyfriend’s favourite position. No sooner had I got on my knees when Boots mounted me. Feverously he began to thrust and after a couple of attempts he found my pussy. As soon as his cock felt the target he went to town. I had been in this position before but no human could have pounded me like Boots. It was manic. And as he thrust each time his cock seemed to grow longer. Soon he was going beyond any man had. I squealed, I yelled, I moaned and still he fucked me. I felt something pushing against me. It was his knot. I screamed as he pushed it inside me. Then he stopped moving. He was tied to me and ready to impregnate his bitch.

He gave low growls and I felt his cock twitch as I assumed he was cumming. Boy did he cum. I could feel myself being filled and his knot would not let it escape. He then tried to separate from me but he was held fast. I reached under me and felt his balls resting against my pussy. I started to run my clit. I wanted to cum with his cock still buried inside me. It only took barely a minute before I again orgasmed. Still my doggy lover was unable to withdraw. I began to get worried but then he succeeded. I turned and saw him licking himself. I gasped as I was what it was that he had rammed inside me. “Oh shit” I said “did you give me all that”. I looked over at Becky and gasped again as I saw she had removed her knickers and was getting herself off as she watched Boots and I.

Dogging cum was oozing out of my tortured pussy and it felt so slutty. “You are such a whore Tracy” I said to myself. I cupped my hand between my legs and waddled off to the bathroom and sat on the toilet letting the cum seep out of me. Wiping myself I went back into the lounge and was shocked to see Becky now kneeling with Boots humping her. She glanced over and grinned. “I forgot to mention” she said gasping “dogs have remarkable recovery. Another thing I love about them”. I sat in the chair and watched in awe as Boots serviced Becky. I couldn’t help it. I fingered myself to another orgasm as I realised how I must have looked.

After that first time I now visit Becky each weekend. I am now a confirmed bitch. I have even progressed to licking and sucking Boot’s lovely cock. I am sure that eventually I will meet a guy and get married but there is plenty of time for that. Right now, at this moment, Boots is my lover and I couldn’t be happier. Well maybe if I had every day like Becky, the bitch.