New taste of my father

Dear readers, this is the second experience of mine, which I am now going to tell you. My earlier stories published (the other side of my parents part 1 and 2) got a very good response. Now I want to share my second very secret experience about my mother with you. I hope you will able to understand my feeling about my damn sexy mother.

As I told you earlier that my mother named sarita is a lady of 39 years and all the erotic features with her. My father is a sex loving person and both my father and mother are enjoying their life by adding lot of variations to their sex life which is more or less known to me. She has the unique fleshy wide butt for which she is very famous in our surrounding. She is also very proud of her possessions and in our family everybody want to be with her many a times to have a glimpse of her sexy erected boobs and her swinging butt. Sometimes elder members in our family like fathers relatives tease mom whenever they get chances. They love to take her on a two wheeler ride and may be they get utmost pleasure by touching her boobs and side of butt with their body mostly I have seen mom is very free with two of father's younger brothers.

My uncle (younger brother of my father) lives in a far of place from our place of bhubaneswar. He is serving at kolkatta and staying with their family there. Sometimes he used to visit us at our residence. My aunty (wife of uncle) is a very simple woman and as per her appearance she seems to be a very shy lady. Of course her features are good but not like my mom. The age of my uncle is around 41 years and he is also maintaining his physique with morning walk and yoga. He is a very romantic person and I have noticed a lot of time that when he visits our house, he used to bring very expensive gifts for my mother which she likes the most. Most of the time he is visiting us alone in weekends as his son and daughter is studying there at kolkatta. As per the activities of my uncle I know it that he is a mad fan and follower of mom and in the house many a times he is trying to stay at home on his visit and always fling to her. He is a good cook so that he makes himself busy at our kitchen most of the times with mother and mostly on the absence of my father he used to roam around mom by raising various issues.

With their activities I sometimes guess that the relationship between mom and uncle is very good as she used to get herself couscous at his presence. On his trip to our place mom wears good sarees with a very seductive outfit and she used to fling around a lot with him to make some expensive shopping even in the market.

Once I have noticed that I was alone in my home as it was noon time and after lunch mom and uncle went to market for shopping in the car of my dad as he was on a trip to outside for two days. After marketing they came to the home with lot of bags. I was in the first floor at my room and came out near the stair case to know about shopping. But when I look downwards at that time I saw mom and uncle stood side by side and she was enquiring something within the bag for which he was peeping through. They were not aware that I was standing at the top of the stair and about to move to the ground floor. I stayed there for a moment to look at them without moving down. Then I saw, mom took out something from the bag and it was a packet. Uncle snatched the packet from her and opened the pack to bring out a nice piece of black color bra and panty. I was amazed to see all this as she was smiling to look at him. He removed the bra from the bundle and look at mom. She was smiling naughtily and ran near the sofa throwing other bags. Uncle virtually ran before her to grab her from behind and lift her up in the air. They were not aware that I was watching them from the top floor. She was trying to made her free from the grab but with a light resistance. The left hand of uncle was strongly holding her on her waist and in between he inserted his right hand within the blouse of her to grab her boob. I was earlier fantasizing about this type of relationship between them, but never witnessed such type of incidence earlier. It was a new scene for me. Meantime mom was enjoying the activity with moan and her resistance was fading away gradually. Aggressively uncle was moving his hand within her blouse and probably he was squeezing the nipple tips within. She was highly aroused and by that uncle started to kiss mom on her neck. As the whole scene was directly happening before me and the front side of mom was towards me to, so that I could easily noticed the expressions on the face of my mother. Left hand of my uncle tried to slip within the saree from her navel base and he had succeeded to slide her hand towards the most precious part of mom.

This move suddenly brought life to mom and she throws herself totally out from the game and started adjusting her clothes. She was telling him no...no not now please. Leave me. Probably sandeep is there at top floor. I came to know that mom was aware about my presence. Uncle was looking hungrily towards her and flew some kisses on air by looking at her cheek. She got ashamed and ran towards bath room.

I made myself out of my position and came to my room and had a sleep in my bed. The whole scene was dancing down in my eyes and I failed to understand how sexy and seductive my mother is. I was fantasizing the whole episode on my bed to have a smooth jerk off.

On the whole day I had noticed that mom was very cheerful. Uncle came to me and we played carom on my room. At night uncle was sleeping in the guest room at the ground floor. As my father was on tour, hence mom stayed in her room alone which is near my bedroom. I was eagerly waiting for long to witness any further game between them. I pretended to sleep earlier in my room. It was winter night, so every sound on first floor was audible to me. At about 12 pm I have heard some step sound at the stair case. On the side of my window which was facing the staircase I have seen that uncle was slowly moving towards the bedroom of my parents where mom was sleeping alone. The staircase was dark, so I faintly noticed that he was wearing his lungi and a half sleeve baniyan and approached the door of parent's bed room. He made slow knock and after some time I have seen mother opened the door. He entered in to the room and the door was closed by mom.

As I told you on my previous experience, I made a hole on the bed room door of my parents to see all the variety fucking scene of my parents. And that hole helped me that night. Immediately I secured my position near the door. Within the room the light was very low and every thing was clearly visible to me. Suddenly uncle lighted up the big lamp in the room and the room was thoroughly lighted. I saw my mom was wearing a silky white nighty, within that her black bra and panty was clearly visible. In the mean time I saw uncle untied the knot of his lungi and it fell down on the floor. He was stark naked and his back was towards me. Mom closed her eyes and he moved towards her and grabbed her. He then planted some deep rooted kiss on the cheek of mom and all the kisses were wet and with heavy smooch sound. He then lifted her nighty and then her bra and panty. Mom was resting herself totally on uncle. He then caught hold of her hand and guided that to his penis. This time they changed their position and speedily moved towards the bed. On the edge of bed they remained stranded and the hand of her was busy in massaging his pennis. Both the hands of uncle was busy pressing her lavish wide elevated butts and the white flesh of her gaand was peeping away from his palm grips lot of times in the process of heavy squeezing. His lips was totally busy in sucking the dark brown nipple of her and many a times tried to lift that upwards from the fleshy mound.

With this act they automatically fell down on the bed and the game of smooching and squeezing the body of each other continues for about 15 minutes. I have seen the pennis of my dad and it was around 6.5inches. But the size of uncle is superb. It is about 8.5 inches and mom was not in a mood to leave that even for a single moment from her grip. Then he made her lie on the bed and without delay guided his member within the hairy area of mom. She screamed loudly and high hissing sound came from her mouth. Her both the hands hold him tightly and she was scratching mercilessly to the back side of uncle. Both of her fleshy thighs were cuddling his waist like a snake and she was enjoying the whole move by lifting her ass in between.

I was very much aroused and failed to control my self. I came to my room had a nice jerk off. After 5 minutes I went to see the climax and saw my mother on the top and vigorously moving her hips back and forth. Her water melons are hanging and swinging over the chest of uncle to make him exited more and more. The room was felled with a lot of erotic hissing sound and in between loud moan heard from the lips of mom. They remained calm after a mad show of fucking on top by her and she kept herself nude and encircled her thigh on the waist of uncle and they slept by deep cuddling each other.

The other day uncle left for kolkatta and I saw a gloomy face of my mother till dad came from tour.

I have a lot of my family experience related to my father and mother. Please do share your feelings with me through mail and especially the ladies above 35 years can write to me freely to share their incest feelings or any type of relation sharing with me. Please write to me at sanbbsr@indiatimes.com.