Boys Shouldn't Play Netball 
by SDS
by dlsmith 

Scott Turner had led a sheltered privileged life of private schooling and everything he wanted. Then his parents split up and his millionaire father ran off to America with his new model girlfriend leaving him his sister and mother broke. As a result he was now enrolled in the local comprehensive high school with a reputation for being rough.

At 13 Scott was a skinny short lad even for his age this coupled with his posh manner of speaking made him a perfect target for bullying and in his new school he was easy prey however this is a story about his first day and the humiliation he suffered at the hands of his class mates.

Scott looked down at his timetable again and back up at the girls changing room door in front of him someone had made a mistake. He looked around the hallway was filled with students but they were quickly disappearing into the various classroom, a few girls his age pushed passed him giving him strange looks.

Building his courage he knocked on the door, a large middle age woman appeared dressed in a tracksuit, miss brown was the girls Physical Education (PE) teacher. She opened the door and started down at the young boy. Behind her was another door this one closed the double door system was to conceal the girls getting changed from people seeing in as other came and went.

“What do you want?” replied the woman looking impatient, she never had time for boys in her opinion they were all the same.

“Miss … ererrm… my time table says I’m supposed to be here.” Said Scott intimidated.

She took his time table from him and inspected it looking at it through squinted eyes as if unaccustomed to reading small print. After a brief discussion and realising he was a new student Miss brown concluded that it had been a timetabling error and he had be put in the girls PE class. Just then a tall blond girl squeezed past Miss brown and opened the second door into the changing room giving Scott a clear view right into the girls changing room from where he was standing.

His eyes went wide and his heart raced, it was only a brief glimpse but as the door slit shut he caught a view of several girls getting changed into their PE uniform. One girl had just pulled down her School trousers and Scott got a good view of her panty clad bottom, her knickers where white and fairly large but to Scott it was the sexiest thing he had ever seen after all he had spent the last 8 years at a boarding school for boys only.

Luckily Miss Brown hadn’t noticed Scott getting an eye full and soon she returned his time table to him and told him she would sort it out and find out where he was supposed to be. She went back into the changing room were her office was off to the side, as she went in she left one door closing and the other opening at just the right speed that Scott was once again rewarded with a quick glimpse inside. This time he was ready and instantly caught sight of a ginger skinny girl pulling up her hockey skirt but was at that instant only in a pair of pink knickers and a matching bra holding decent cleavage for her age. However unluckily for Scott the girl saw him looking and went wide eyed. Scott tried to look away and act innocent but it was no good but soon he was confronted with a shut door again.

When Miss Brown returned she informed him that there wasn’t a boy’s gym class going on at the moment and since his time table totally had to be changed to fit him in to a proper lesson plan for the moment he was stuck here and would have to play netball with them.

Scott’s heart dropped it was bad enough the torment he had got from students earlier in the day but now his last class of the day would have him playing netball with the girls the teasing would never end. Anyway he was too nervous and shy to protest so was dragged along.

“Where are the boys changing room?” asked Scott

“Sorry lad but I can’t let you go about wondering about by yourself it’s locked up since there’s no class anyway so you’ll have to quickly get changed in here once the girls are done”

After another five minutes of waiting outside Miss Brown came for him and led him into the changing room. There he came face to face with twenty or so thirteen year old girls all dressed in their netball uniform which considered of a white polo shirt, short black skirt and tight shorts underneath.

“Right girls this is Scott and he will be playing netball with us today so let’s all give him some privacy to get changed and we’ll be on our way outside to play” the girls left giving him sideways looks and some openly laughed at his situation. He hurd one comment of

“Come on sissy boy get your skirt on” from a random girl. However what he failed to notice was the ginger girl from earlier giving him dirty look a. quickly getting dressed spurred on by the thought that just outside the changing room door was a full class of girls waiting for him and at any moment one could come back in Scott put his school uniform on the bench next to the girls clothes. He quickly got dressed into his PE kit and went out to join the girls even then he was red faced as he was greeted with more giggles and laughs and comments about him being a girl.

The first half of the lesson was fairly uneventful Scott played the game poorly and still didn’t understand the rules. His shyness made him blush often as the girls surrounded him. Then the whole day took a turn for the worse. Near the end of the game one girl was hit square in the face and her nose burst. The teacher quickly took charge taking the girl off to the medial room telling the other students to go back in and get changed as it was nearly the end of lesson anyway. Scott had obviously been forgotten.

However the girls had not forgot him and from nowhere he got a hard solid punch to the gut by the ginger girl from earlier. He fell hard and suddenly was assaulted further by several girls giving him good kicking. They taunted him calling him a pervert after a short time of the painful attack the girls grew bored of the little posh boys crying.

“If he lets perving on us so much let’s see him in his undies” said one of the girls and despite Scott’s screaming protests most of the fight had already been beat out of him. Arms grabbed him everywhere and soon his pain was forgotten as his loose school shorts where dragged down his legs leaving his in a pair of white briefs. This was fuel to the fire and the girls laughter and taunts doubled.

“awww look at the giry in her little white knickers” it was true that there wasn’t much difference between what the skinny teen was wearing and plain female underwear. Scott had lost his shorts along with his trainers and was trying desperately to pull his t-shirt down to cover himself with. The girls like a pack of wild dogs pulled his T-shirt up over his head and Scott tried to hold on for dear life yet another punch this time to his unprotected balls soon released his grip.

“awww poor little baby girl not even in a bra yet” taunted the ginger girl mockingly.

Scott curled up on the rough stone floor red faced and crying not in pain but utter humiliation. Growing up Scott had always been a shy boy and apart from his mum no one had seen him in his underwear since he was little. Some of the bigger girls grabbed him in a headlock and dragged him to his feet so now he stood a skinny little thirteen year old wearing only a pair of white undies and white cotton PE socks. The girls could see almost every inch of his nakedness the cold and exposure made him shake slightly.

However his humiliation was far from over. The ginger girl came up behind him and hooked her fingers in the side of his undies. “Shall I noodie him girls and see if it is a boy or a girl I can’t really tell at the moment.” The others laughed hard and scott tried to beg but his please fell on death ears.

The embarrassment went a whole new level as the girls slowly pulled them downwards. Firstly the top of his butt crack and the few hairs that were his pubes came into view and where reviled more and more until his small penis popped out to the girls screaming delight. Instantly there taunts shifted to call him baby dick and other such names. Finally with one quick jerk the girl brought them to the ground exposing all of his nakedness.

“ok now little girl put your hands on your head and step out of your undies or were all going to beat you up and leave you here”

Fearing everything that could possibly happen to him the shaking Scott obeyed. There is one thing been stripped and not being able to stop it but it is quite another to will yourself to stand naked in front of a large group of young girls and be totally exposed. They made him spin on the spot so every girl got to see him but soon the risk of the end of the day forced them to drag him inside back to the changing room.

Finally Scott thought he was safe but however his humiliation was going to be all the worse.

The girls tied his hands to two changing pegs with their school ties and then put one around his head to act as a blind fold to allow them to get changed.

“Guess what baby dick, the year eights will be coming in soon for after school football they’ll love to see you naked” whispered one girl in his ear.

Swallowing hard tears dripped freely down the young boys face, his humiliation would double as the younger girls would also see him naked. However Scott’s new worry was trying to forget where he was. All around him girls where getting changed and he forced his mind not to think back to what he had spied on earlier. However he only managed to supress his boner until the unthinkable happened. Still to this day Scott believes it was one of the girls who did it on purpose but his blindfold slipped down slightly. What he saw he could not look away from various girls around him so close in different levels of nakedness. One girl had just taken her shorts off and was stood a few meters away from him bent over in a thong. There was no way to stop it despite his humiliation his penis suddenly stood up erect.

The girls obviously noticed this first before then saw his blindfold and suddenly there were screams and girls quickly covering themselves. Quickly his blindfold was replaced and a sudden humiliated dread as he hung there with a boner to renew the taunts of the girls around. However what was suddenly worse was every now and again as the younger girls came in they would scream or laugh but suddenly he was surrounded by not only girls his own age but some younger who added awfully to his taunts. Eventually though he was released from his bonds and took off his blindfold to find so many girls of various ages watching him, many where taking pictures on their phones and suddenly the changing was filled with many girls who had heard about what had happened.

For the next ten minutes Scott had to beg for his clothes back before he was finally given them for risk of the teacher coming for the after school class. No one ever let him live down what happened that day even the younger girls In year 7 and 8 had seen him.
