This story is dedicated in memory of my cherry.

I lost my cherry in high school. I was a sophomore, and a senior asked
me to the senior prom. I had never gone out with him before. I was 
flattered that an 'older boy' would ask me to the prom. The prom was 
still a few months away, so we started dating so we would be 
comfortable with each other at the prom. 

I hadn't really been out on a date before. I'd danced with boys at
parties and let some of them feel my bum while we danced. Along with a 
couple of fumbling kisses that was my experience level. 

Our first date, he took me, in his car (WOW), out to eat and then a
movie. He put his arm around me in the movie, held my hand after, and 
kissed me good night. 

Our second date, we grabbed burgers then went to the drive-in. I sat
next to him and he put his arm around my shoulders. As we watched the 
movie he began rubbing my shoulder, my neck, and around my ear. It felt 
good, I liked it. When he leaned over to kiss me, I let him. That felt 
good too. He kissed a lot better than the other boys. When he began 
feeling my breast, I pushed his hand away. We kissed some more and when 
he put his hand on my breast the next time, I didn't push it away. I 
had already let some boys feel my bum, what's the difference. The 
kisses, and his hand on my breast, were feeling better all the time. 
When he began unbuttoning my blouse, I didn't stop him. It wasn't long 
before he had my blouse unbuttoned and out of my pants. I had already 
let him feel my breasts through my blouse and bra, what's the 
difference if I let him feel them through just my bra. 

At first, I didn't notice his fingers inside my bra cup. When his finger
touched my bare nipple, he got my attention. I pulled his back until 
his fingers came out of my bra, then let go. He began rubbing my neck 
and ear, while feeling me up. He was learning my buttons very quickly. 
I didn't stop him when he reached around me and unhooked my bra. 

He lifted my bra around my neck and felt my bare breasts and tweaked my
nipples. This felt really good. This was the first time anyone touched 
my bare breasts, and I loved the feeling. When he asked me to sit up, 
so he could take my blouse and bra off, I sat up and helped him. 

When the first movie ended, and the lights came on, I panicked. I was
laying across the front seat, making out with my date, and my blouse 
and bra were in the back seat. He held me close to him, telling me to 
relax, that no one could see anything. He said it was dark in the car, 
I was below the window, and my breasts were hidden by our bodies. I'm 
not sure about my right breast, but my left breast was hidden by his 
hand. We stayed like that until the second movie started. I have no 
idea how many people didn't see me in his car, topless. I think this is 
when the exhibitionist in me started to come out. I was nervous, but 
the idea that someone might see me topless, was exciting. 

When the second movie started, he moved his hand down between my legs. I
was already topless, and getting more turned on by the minute. I moved 
my legs, giving him better access. This was a new experience. No one 
ever touched my pussy before. I could feel his hand, through my pants 
and knickers, moving over my lips and tracing my slit. I felt myself 
getting wet. When he began unfastening my pants, I told him not to pull 
them down. What he was doing felt fabulous, but only bad girls let boys 
take their pants off. 

I moaned and shivered when I felt his hand move down inside my knickers.
I was enjoying the moment when I felt a sharp pain. His fingers were 
pulling my hair. When I told him he suggested pulling my pants and 
knickers down. He would have more room and not pull my hair. Only bad 
girls let boys take their pants off, but I didn't want bald spots in my 
bush. I still wonder if he deliberately pulled my hair. 

I lifted up and he pushed my pants and knickers down to my knees. Then he
told me to bend my knees back. He said I couldn't spread my legs with 
my pants around my knees. That made sense to my horny brain. I watched 
him take my shoes, pants, and knickers off. Now I was nude, and all my 
clothes were in the back seat. Someone walking by might see me nude. 

Another first. No one ever touched my bare pussy before. I couldn't
believe how good his fingers felt. He ran his fingers over my lips, and 
along my slit. He rubbed my clit than slid his finger down between my 
lips. My whole body shook when his touched my clit, and my scent was 
obvious. I spread my legs as far as I could and let him do whatever he 
wanted. When his finger touched my entrance, I came. He held me and 
kissed me until my orgasm subsided. When he suggested we get in the 
back seat, my horny brain thought that was an excellent idea. 

I climbed over the seat and lay down in back. I looked up as he was
climbing over, and he was nude. He was also giving me my first look at 
a hard prick. I was fascinated. How was that ever going to fit inside 
me. I'd felt myself before, and their was no way my hole was big 
enough. I wasn't worried though, because only bad girls did that. I 
wasn't a bad girl. 

He lay beside me, smiling, while I became acquainted with his prick and
balls. I stroked his shaft, and fondled his balls, while listening to 
him moan. He mumbled something I didn't understand and was just going 
to ask him what he said, when he came all over my face and breasts. He 
cleaned me up with a towel, he just happened to have, and we went back 
to kissing and him feeling me. He was good and it wasn't long before I 
was bouncing up and down on top of him, as my orgasm went through me 
like a train. We settled down and cuddled for a while. I gave him 
another hand job and he cleaned me up again with his towel. We got 
dressed and climbed back in the front seat. I let him keep my knickers. 

Our third date was the next day. He took me out for burgers then we went
parking. No sooner was the car stopped than I was in back, and my 
clothes were in front. It was daylight, someone might really see me 
now. We repeated the drive-in that afternoon, again that night at the 
drive-in, again the next day at our parking spot, and again that night 
at the drive-in. I was hooked on getting him off and letting him get me 
off. And I still wasn't a bad girl! 

I couldn't date on school nights, when the weekend arrived we were
ready. We didn't go to the drive-in any more, just to our parking spot. 
He asked me to straddle his chest, facing his feet, while I stroked 
him. When I hesitated, he told me I would enjoy this. Fine with me. I 
jumped when his tongue touched my lips, but quickly discovered that 
this was the best yet. I was laying on him, staring at my hand stroking 
his, while he ate me. His prick began to look tasty. It was his turn to 
jump when I took his prick in my mouth. We spent the weekend cumming in 
each others mouth. I was hooked on oral sex. And I still wasn't a bad 
girl! 

The following Saturday afternoon, we were cuddling after a great 69. He
was on top of me and I could feel his prick touching my lips. It wasn't 
long before I felt a hard prick pushing against my lips. We started 
kissing and he kept rubbing his prick up and down my slit. When he 
reached down, to guide himself into me, I told him no, it would hurt 
too much. Pain blocked out bad girl. He told he would be gentle and go 
slow, giving me time to adjust to him being in me. I was scared, but I 
was horny. He was true to his word. By the time he popped my cherry, I 
was on the edge of cumming and I barely felt it. I was hooked. What's a 
bad girl? By Monday, I was so sore I had trouble walking. 

The next weekend I had my period. He was thrilled because now he could
fuck me without a condom. Monday, I was really sore, and the pad didn't 
help any. I was surprised to discover that he loved looking at me 
wearing just my belt and pad. He thought that was the sexiest sight he 
ever saw. 

He fucked me legless every weekend for the next month. He broke up with
me after my next period, and went to the prom with someone else. I 
didn't become a bad girl. My boyfriends told me I was a good girl.



