Paula ate breakfast under the all-knowing, all-seeing gaze of Mrs. Lewis. Her hair was still wet because Lauren, in her first dramatic failure, forgot to pack the outlet converter for Paula's blow dyer. Simon promised to remedy that immediately, but she decided to just live and let live. There were eggs and thick bacon on the table, but Paula nibbled on toast while Simon was upstairs showering.

Paula knew that Mrs. Lewis knew that Paula did not sleep in the guest bed. Still, neither said anything about it and when Mrs. Lewis did speak, it was surprising.

"If I had to listen to all of those bad singers all day, I would just die," she said and Paula laughed.

"Sometimes death seems like the best option," Paula admitted. "Simon does it more than any of us."

"I know. I think he ought to go back to just working at the record company myself," she said, lowering her voice as if sharing a great secret.

"But then he wouldn't come to America," Paula reasoned. "I would miss him."

"It isn't as if he needs the money," Mrs. Lewis said, still speaking quietly. "It's a wonder he still has a job at all."

Paula understood. They all had made a mint off American Idol, and Simon triple that. Still, the idea of it ending was unsettling. The three judges had just recently renewed their contracts for three more seasons but it was probably the last renewal they would negotiate. Simon wanted to go out while still on top and Paula understood his reasoning. Always with a bang, never a whimper.

Simon came downstairs for breakfast and tousled her hair as he passed. He wished Mrs. Lewis a good morning and poured himself a cup of coffee. He and Paula were both in robes – Paula in her own chocolate brown one and Simon in his ratty green one he'd probably had for years. She would get him a new one for Christmas, a nice lush one with his initials on the breast pocket. He sat next to her and dug into his breakfast.

"Darling, will you be ready to go in an hour?" he asked through a mouthful of eggs. She wrinkled her nose at him but nodded and went upstairs, leaving Simon and his housekeeper to talk about her in her absence.

She didn't bother dressing up. She tried to contain her natural curls in a hair elastic but managed to drape her ponytail over one shoulder and left it at that. She put on jeans and brown boots. She wore a beige knit sweater and was just winding a brown scarf around her neck when he came up to check on her. She had make-up on, enough, but not enough for the camera and he kissed her when he saw her.

"We should go," he said. "Are you sure you won't be bored? You could stay in if you want another day to adjust."

"I want to be with you," she said. "I have my computer. I have plenty of things to do," she promised. "I haven't seen Sharon in forever."

"You'll be quite the surprise," he promised. "Sharon will probably try to drag you by your hair to get you on the camera."

"Ain't gonna happen," she said.

"Just be prepared. Her high, whining voice can be quite persuasive," he groaned.

"Aww, baby, you used to talk about me that way," she said.

"I still do," he promised. She punched him in the side, but he took it like a man and soon they were in the car and pulling into the lot. When they walked into the studio, they didn't touch. Paula smiled and greeted everyone like the professional that she was and Sharon had a small fit when she saw Paula.

"You have to guest judge again!" she screeched, waving her small dog around so much that even Paula, someone who waved a dog herself now and again, started worrying about brain damage.

"Not today," she said. "Not without my entourage!"

"Why are you in town?" she asked. Simon and Paula hadn't really discussed how they might answer this question so Paula said what was partially the truth.

"Vacation," she said. "But don't let me interrupt. I'm just going hole myself up in Simon's dressing room and watch the live feed."

Simon's dressing room was similar to his Idol one. There was a closet full of predicable clothing, a large TV that fed the image of the main camera from the stage. She'd judged for auditions, but they were further along in the competition tonight, so she'd be watching performances. There was a leather couch in Simon's room and she dropped her stuff and closed the door. She'd slept a lot, but she was still jet-lagged. She laid down, pulling the throw blanket over her, and watched the judges take a seat at the table. Simon was uncomfortably sitting through the make-up girl powdering him and Sharon was cooing ridiculously at her dog. Paula let her eyes close for a moment. Soon, she was asleep.

oooo

"Paula?"

She heard the voice, but she was so warm and comfortable that she decided to ignore it.

"Paula Abdul, this is your conscience speaking," the voice continued. Her conscience sounded a lot like Simon. She felt a hand shake her shoulder and she opened her eyes. Simon was peering down at her with a small smile.

"What?" she asked. "I'm napping."

"You've napped through the whole show," he said. "It's time to go."

"Really?" she asked, sitting up.

"Yep. I came in a few hours ago to check on you and you were out of it. I thought I best just let you sleep," he said. "But we have dinner with Terri tonight, and knowing you, you need three hours to get ready."

"Ugh," she said. She was going, but she didn't have to be happy about it. Simon held up what looked like a piece of beige plastic. "What's that?"

"Your present. Jonathan dropped off your outlet converter. You can blow dry, flat iron, and curl to your heart's content when we get home," he said. She sat up for this.

"Well okay," she said, leaning in for a sleepy kiss. He kissed her softly, and when he ran his tongue along her lips, she opened her mouth and tilted her head. She felt his arms move around her and tug her into his lap.

"OH MY GOD, SIMON COWELL!" Sharon's screeching voice startled them so much that they sprung apart. Paula wiped at her mouth guiltily and knew she was blushing.

"Ever hear of knocking?" Simon asked crossly.

"Paula you little liar. You're not here for vacation, you're here for a shag!" she said. Paula put her face in her hands and Simon walked over to Sharon, pulled her into the room, and closed the door behind her. Sharon looked a little frightened for a moment but held her ground. "You didn't tell me."

"She's not here for a shag," Simon said, which was pretty much a straight lie.

"We're just friends," Paula piped up meekly.

"I thought I was your favorite lady judge," Sharon said, trying to joke her way out of what was turning out to be a somewhat serious conversation.

"Look," Simon said, rubbing his face. "What's it going to take to get you to shut your loud, obnoxious mouth?"

"Simon!" Paula exclaimed. The thing was, Simon was one of the best liars that Paula had ever met and it bothered her to see him admit defeat so easily. She felt he should have fought to...not have her. Actually, Paula was sort of confused.

"I won't say a word to anyone but Ozzy," she promised, which wasn't really a threat because Ozzy Osbourne made Paula Abdul look like the president of MENSA.

"Why don't you not say anything to anyone," Simon suggested but Sharon just laughed in a cackling witch sort of way and disappeared from the dressing room. Simon slid on his jacket and helped Paula gather her things. "Stop blushing. You're practically oozing guilt right now."

"I can't help it," she said. "Besides, you didn't even try to deny it."

"What's the point?" he asked, locking the door behind them.

"The point is...." she said, trailing off. "The point is that... the point doesn't matter! Simon!"

"Either you're ashamed of me or you aren't," he said. "And look at me! What is there to be ashamed of?"

"Plenty," she said. They had made it to the parking lot and he opened her door for her, letting her slide in out of the rain before he situated himself and headed for home. "You're rude. You belittle me and my career on national television."

"I tease you. And your career is respectable and anything I say otherwise is a lie," he assured her. "I actually kind of liked Head Over Heels."

"You're just lying now," she said, huffing.

"No, I did! I think I maybe even have a copy somewhere," he said. She stuck her tongue out at him. "It's your sexy album. I never realized before that you could be so sexy."

"I am a hot little number, aren't I?" she asked.

"The hottest," he promised. "The hottest woman I've ever gone with."

"Gone with?" she laughed. "Is that what we're doing? Going together?"

"Tonight we're going together to my exes to flaunt your 'hot little number' self, yes," he said.

"I'm not going to make her feel bad," she snapped. "I'm serious."

"I know, I know," he said, holding up a hand. "I'm just so proud to be fucking you."

"God, Simon," she said. "You pig."

"She'll probably have some man there anyway. Terri always hated odd numbers," he said.

At the house, Mrs. Lewis was out but all of Paula's things had been quietly moved to the master bedroom and the guest room looked as if it hadn't been disturbed in weeks.

Later, Paula sat on a small stool at the vanity in Simon's bedroom. She was wrapping long pieces of her hair around her curling iron, trying to fight the frizzing that winter in London caused. She wore only her bra and panties and one of Simon's t-shirts, in effort to keep her dress free of hair product or make-up. They were earnestly getting ready to go to dinner at Terri's. Simon was in the shower – she could hear him humming softly and it was kind of cute. She'd done up her make-up already and was going to wear a red dress – satin and to her knees. It had capped sleeves and a low but not tarty neckline. With boots and a scarf, it would look attractive but not like she was trying too hard. It also made her look really tiny – she always felt tiny around Terri but Simon had admitted that being with her was being with a pocket sized woman and it brought out some strange, protective quality in him that he liked.

Paula took off the shirt and started fluffing her hair, checking to see if she had missed any pieces when Simon came out.

"If you ever want me to be ready on time, you're going to have to stop prancing about in red lingerie," he said. He was still damp and wrapped only in a towel but pulled her against him and started kissing her neck. "You smell nice," he said.

"You're wet," she complained, but didn't really try to push him away.

"Oh good," he said. "Are you?"

Simon could be spectacularly dirty when he wanted to be – she didn't know if her being used to it was a good or a bad thing. She just laughed at his pun and tried to get away, but instead he held tightly and let his hand wander down her front and inside her panties. She gasped when his warm fingers slid beneath the waistband and moved against her.

"A little," he commented. "But you could be more, I think."

Her only response was to groan when his finger came into contact with her clit and started rubbing soft, slow circles.

"No time," she gasped but he ignored her and moved them so they were on the bed. He pulled off her underwear and set them aside. He moved his hands to the curve of her ass and lifted so she was against his mouth. She moaned loudly and gave up the fight when his tongue started to stroke her. "Si," she whimpered.

"Hmm?" he asked. The vibrations of his voice shot through her and she couldn't help but buck her hips against his face.

"Fuck me," she gasped, tugging at him until he moved away from her and stretched out on top of her, the towel at the foot of the bed, bunched and forgotten. He wasted no time in sliding into her and she wrapped her legs around his hips. His hands moved to her breasts, massaging her through the shiny, satin bra. She writhed beneath him. It was amazing how quickly he could turn her on, how he could have her begging in moments. When he pushed into her, it felt as if she'd never before been as full. He stretched her to the point of burning, the line between pleasure and pain thin and sometimes hard to find. But he never hurt her. Instead, the feeling made her head spin and her breathing labored.

His eyes were closed with concentration and she could see the sweat forming on his brow and he pumped into her. She closed her eyes too, giving into the sensation. His hand wormed between them and he found her clit. He started rubbing and she knew it was all over. She didn't even have time to warn him before her orgasm crashed into her.

He wasn't far behind and shouted when he came, going rigid above her. She moved her hands soothingly down his sweaty back while he regained his compsure. His hair was damp and she ran her fingers through it, dragging her nails lightly over his scalp. He moved back onto his elbows and kissed her. She felt rubbery in the joints and realized if they never got out of bed again, she'd probably be happy.

"What," she said, after several minutes of post-coital cuddling, "is the point of us showering?"

He chuckled.

"We never can control ourselves long enough to make it count," she continued. "Now we're all sweaty and smell like sex and I'm sure my hair is all fucked up."

"You're beautiful," he murmured.

"If by beautiful you mean all smelly and smudged."

"I just mean beautiful," he said. He glanced at the clock. "Shit! We're going to be late! Why did you seduce me like that?"

"WHAT?" she screeched, pushing him away from her roughly. "ME?"

Simon pulled on some underwear while Paula tried to find hers while assessing herself in the mirror. She did look a little tousled but there wasn't much to be done now. She found her panties and disappeared into the bathroom to clean up and put on her dress. Fifteen minutes they were out the door and already twenty minutes late.

"She's going to take one look at me and know," Paula moaned.

"What do you bloody care?" Simon asked. "I didn't cheat on her with you."

"That's true," she said. Though, sometimes it felt that way. All the hugging, all the 'are they, aren't they' press that Terri had to live through. All the kissing on camera, the tickling, the poking, the late nights, the weekends away. "Just, don't talk about it," she pressed.

"Fine. We'll just talk about whatever handsome young thing on Terri's arm tonight."

Simon's GPS gave them directions to Terri's apartment which told Paula that Simon had never been there. She wanted to believe that this was all going to be all right. Simon found parking on the street and they walked up the steps together. Paula stood close to Simon; it really was cold, and let her hip bump him while he rang the buzzer.

"Is that you, Simon?" Terri's low, husky voice sounded even more gravely through the intercom. "You're rather late."

"Sorry," he said without any feeling. The door buzzed and Simon opened it, allowing Paula to step in before him. They climbed the stairs and Simon put his hand on her butt as they went, patting it reassuringly. Paula read little into it – he'd been copping a feel for years now. At the appropriate door, Simon knocked and after a few beats, the door opened. Terri was still tall and gorgeous. She had clear skin and very little make-up and was wearing a tasteful black wrap dress and chunky silver jewelry and Paula realized at once that it was a mistake to even come.

"Hi!" Terri said, smiling like she was genuinely excited to see them. Simon gave her a one armed hug and Terri kissed both of Paula's cheeks. "Come in, come in."

"I'm so sorry we're late," Paula said. She shrugged out of her coat and wished she'd worn pants and a turtleneck. Everything about her red dress feels contrived and over the top.

"It's all right," Terri said, taking the coat. "You look just lovely."

"Thanks," Paula said. At first glance, the apartment was small. It was bigger than Lauren's glorified closet, but still small. It was odd to see Terri in a normal person's apartment, but then, Paula had always seen her living in Simon's lap of luxury. Paula was comforted by the fact that if she were to stop seeing Simon, she would have her own fortune to rely on. She didn't need him.

"So who is it?" Simon asked, crossing his arms and peering around the apartment suspiciously. "I know there is someone else here to even out the table settings."

"He knows me so well," Terri laughed. "I wanted to surprise you!"

Terri hung their coats on the coat rack and let them down a hallway and through a swinging door into the kitchen/dining room area.

"They're here!" Terri called. This time, Paula followed Simon, happy to hang back and pretend this night wasn't happening. She was being dramatic, she knew. Terri was being perfectly nice and polite. She was being the bigger person, trying to remain friends with an ex like Simon. And she didn't look at Paula with dagger eyes, the expression that meant 'I know you're doing my boyfriend' and this was all good. Paula took a breath and prepared herself to meet Terri's new boyfriend.

She ran into Simon's back with an 'oomph' and rubbed her nose, wondering why he'd stopped so short. Paula stepped around him and shot him a dirty look before realizing that Terri's new boyfriend was actually a familiar looking older woman.

"Surprise!" Terri shouted gleefully.

"Hi Mum," said Simon.

Oh yeah, that's why she was familiar, Paula realized.

It was Simon's mother.