I was lucky to get a seat on the subway. It was a warm day and
the A/C felt good. At the stop before I was going to get off the
car filled with throngs of people.
I looked up from my book and in front of me stood a young man,
mid-twenties, wearing nylon running shorts. The boy stood so
close that, as the train rocked, I saw the boy's cock swinging,
clearly with no underwear, to gentle beat of the train. I could
tell it was long, even though it was flaccid. The sight was so
appealing that I closed my eyes and tried to imagine what that
long slender ivory man-meat looked like.
I must have dozed off.
I suddenly awoke with a startling jerk. My hands were tied in
front of me and my legs were spread-eagled. My clothes lie in a
pile to my left. I could see I was now wearing only a pair of
powder blue panties with a slit in the back and short bobby socks
on my feet. My lips were a bright red and there was a subtle
trace of mascara on my face.
My butt cheeks felt warm. I could feel my tight pink hole
twinging and I knew that someone had fingered me. Such a warm
glowing sensation.
I could feel lube all around my boy cunt and along the inside of
my cheeks which were spread so wide so as to expose me entirely.
There was a mirror at the head of the bed and I could see the
same young man, now naked, coming toward me. As he approached the
front of the bed he stopped at where my head lie. He had the most
beautiful cock I had ever seen. Still soft but hanging like a
smooth, hairless, snow-white trunk before my eyes. The head was a
light blue and much larger than the girth would have insinuated.
The sensation of submission and helplessness made me hot, so hot
that I felt like a little girl.
His voice was clear and deep:
"This is what you want, isn't it?"
"Ye.. yes" I stammered.
"Well, let's see what you can do."
He lifted his cock toward my lips. My mouth opened in wild
anticipation. He placed it on my lips and in instant I took him
all in my mouth. I sucked long and hard. I loved feeling my men
get hard in my mouth. I savored and caressed that beautiful head
with my tongue while letting him grab my hair and move my head to
his own rhythm. And he let out a moan.
I felt his hand spread my cheeks and a long smooth finger circled
my tight hole, then it was inside me, twirling and making me
devour his beautifully sculpted phallus.
His finger plunged in and out as I arched my back and offered him
my ass.
"Make me your little girl" - I moaned in a muffled tone.
"You are" - he said.
He untied my hands and I grabbed his tight sac, rubbing my finger
under it and meandering slowly to his back door. I licked my
fingers without losing his now eight inch cock that filled my
mouth, and then inserted my middle finger in his snug little
butt.
He swayed his beautiful white globes to the rhythm of my sucking,
I could feel his pre cum and that made me suck more and harder. I
wanted to be possessed without limits.
I licked his balls and then he turned and spread his cheeks.
"Clean me" he demanded.
I obeyed, like the slut I was. I licked his small pink asshole,
swirling my tongue from below his balls and back again, panting,
and spreading my legs wide.
He turned back and I could see he had a thick black strap in his
hand.
I spread my legs wider still, my cock now bursting, and he began
to strap my butt cheeks in a steady yet firm cadence. Slap,
smack, slap... Each time the leather burned my tushy, I offered
myself up for more.
I grabbed that cock and stuffed it in my mouth. My tongue ran its
entire length, and then I grabbed his ass and pushed him deeper.
I felt the throbbing on my tongue as I made him fuck my mouth.
"You slut, your ass must pay"
"Spread me wide, make me your little whore, make me pay..." I
pleaded
All sense of conscience had now dissipated and the only thing
left was desire, lust and heat.
My butt was stinging and it doubled the pleasure that already had
me quivering.
I arched my back and begged him:
"Fuck me, please, fuck me"
"Ahhh - we'll see"
He stood over me and turned me belly up. The strap was now
landing on my thighs, stinging and just barely scraping my dick
and my sac.
"Do you like that?"
"Whip me, make me pay, punish your little slut!!!!!"
He grabbed my cock, gently, and rubbed the head with his thumb.
I was holding back as well as I could, but it wasn't easy.
He cupped my balls and then his finger found its way back inside.
It was a long finger and it felt like I was being raped by tiny
dick.
He thrust now two fingers in and out of me - ravaging my petite
pink hole.
As I relinquished that long silken rod, he held me under my belly
and positioned my boy cunt.
I felt some gel squirt inside me. His finger swirled around and
he was spreading my hole wider.
His hands on my hips, my cheeks burning from the strapping, I
could feel his knob at the door of my ass-pussy.
He pushed lightly and my pink hole trembled with delight. I
groaned and offered my ass up.
I was crazed and needed him inside me, all of him, pumping,
beating, stretching me.
As I backed into that curved ivory tusk, he pulled my hips and
filled me with his long cock.
I was in ecstasy. I was panting and yelling:
"FUCK ME HARD, SPANK ME, PUNISH ME! SPREAD ME WIDE, MAKE MY
LITTLE PUSSY PAY"
Suddenly he pulled out. He grabbed me by my longish hair, with my
feet now untied, he pushed me down - I was kneeling before his
superb specimen of manhood.
He stuffed my mouth with a glistening cock - I could taste my own
juices and the scent made me giddy. I took him all in my mouth,
lick, flicking my tongue, holding his balls as if they were
precious jewels.
He pushed my head back and forth, by my hair, and the heat from
his crotch invaded my senses, I was his slave. I was impregnated
with the scent of my ass and his cock.
As his swollen dick glided through my mouth I felt my man cunt
burning... twitching... begging for more.
His hands explored my sac, my rock hard little dick, then my
throbbing pussy hole. His fingers spread me open again, and this
time I felt a warm rush inside me. As his fingers explored my
cavity, I swallowed his meat, I sucked and licked that bulbous
head, now purple.
He slowly pulled his cock out and made me lie on my back. He
lifted up my legs in the diaper position and began to strap my
butt, thighs and my tight hole.
The pain was delicious and sent spirals through my brain.
Just when I thought I couldn't hold back any more, he stopped.
His head went down and his mouth swallowed my cock. His tongue
ran from sac to the head of my little throbbing member.
"Tastes like a pussy"
"It is" I cried. "It's your little pussy!"
His large lips engulfed me. I squirmed.
He flipped me over on my stomach once more. His hands were
between my thighs, brushing against my tender hole.
The panties, now in shreds, were gone and he spread my legs. He
produced a pillow and put it under my belly.
"Offer me your boy cunt" he demanded.
I arched and positioned my ass at his disposal.
I felt his long smooth dick penetrate me - filling me up.
He thrust in - burying that thick meat inside my quivering
buttocks. I could feel it touch my belly and nudge my prostate.
My entire body shook and he began a slow, steady plundering of my
tight cunt.
With every move, he made me scream with uncontrollable desire.
"Take it, you slut"
"Fill me up! I'm you're whore! Spread me wide! Fuck me raw!"
After each thrust he would slap my ass making it bounce like
jello. Then he spread my ass cheeks wide and thrust in again.
Suddenly he stopped. Pulled out and turned me on my back. He
raised by legs to my shoulders and plunged inside me once more. I
was his whore, I wanted him to fill me up. I wanted to be fucked
like a little piece of meat and feel his beautiful cock punishing
my tight little crack, punishing my fat ass.
As I held my legs up, his balls banged against my butt, his cock
was throbbing. His hand grabbed my dick and he rubbed and
stroked, playing with my sac.
I could feel it, he was about to explode.
"AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH" I screamed. "Fill me up, make my tight
cunt swallow your milk! All of it!!"
He was cumming convulsively in me and it felt like a flood. It
inundated my insides. It ran from my butt hole. I could feel it
dripping from inside me.
He plunged and spanked my tushy. He moaned, and pulled out his
long wet rod.
Pulling my head back, he stuffed it in my mouth and it gushed
more. I swallowed his thick man cream as fast as I could, but I
could feel it dripping.
I quickly took it in my hands and rubbed it all around my sore
pink hole.
After what seemed endless, he pulled out of my mouth and put me
on all fours with my ass to his face. He licked my ravaged man
pussy. His tongue actually parting my throbbing stretched butt
hole and entering inside me. And he licked some more.
His hand found my little cock and he began to milk me.
 "Cum you little slut! Cum for me!"
"OHHHHHHHHHHH"
I have never cum that much, my little prick squirted all over,
just like the little girl I was.
He pulled and tugged and squeezed me, draining me, making me
squirt more.
As he cupped my balls, I could feel that final spurt. His mouth
covered my cock and he licked up my watery cum.
I fell onto the bed, exhausted.
He lifted me up and put me face up on the floor.
He lowered his alabaster ass over my face.
"Let's start again" he smiled.
"Clean me."

Eli was my man. I was his girl toy to do with as he pleased
because it pleased me to be his little slut.
I licked his pink button and inserted my tongue to make sure it
was nice and clean. I ran my tongue over his shell white sac, and
then back to his crack. I cleaned every inch between his under
side and the top of his butt, licking each cheek carefully.
Then I took his long mast - now softly dangling - and licked it
clean. I took his head in my mouth and wet it. The scent of my
pink boy pussy lingered which immediately got my little dick hard
again.
Eli smiled and said, "Come up over my lap".
I assumed the position, my ample white butt spread over my man's
knees. My cock was between his legs, and I offered my rear to him
in panting anticipation.
He caressed me, spreading me and exposing my pussy to his gaze.
While his finger circled my hole, his other hand cupped my balls
and member, so that he could see me as I truly was: his girl.
Smack. His large hand resounded against my tushy. I arched my
back so that he knew I wanted more. Smack, smack the stinging
made me spread wider, my legs were shaking, my feet were off the
ground.
The I felt his long, sinewy middle finger inside me. I pushed my
willing ass up to receive its full length. I started to gyrate my
hips up and down so that I could be fucked by that finger.
He pushed in, and I could feel my cunt tingle.
Smack, smack.
"Are you my little cunt?"
"I AM! I NEED PUNISHMENT"
"I know"
Now two fingers spread my waiting hole wider. Eli began thrusting
harder, and I thrust back in grateful desire. My man finger
fucked me - my tingling under side rubbed against his leg.
He smacked my hind side some more.
Then, he made me stand and turn my backside to him. He bent be
over:
"Grab your ankles"
There I was, my sex exposed, and I felt his now stiff cock in my
crack. He rubbed it gently between my cheeks.
Smack. My ass bounced as he spanked me harder and harder.
Then it stopped. So suddenly, I had to look around to make sure
he was still there.
His long white staff was glistening with a clear liquid.
He grabbed my hair and pushed my head down again.
"Spread your ass for me"
I needed no further instruction. I was wide open for my lover.
His long cock plunged into my tiny hole without warning.
The initial pain was offset by his stopping once the entire
length of his rod rested inside me.
I wiggled my butt, I wanted to be fucked to a pulp.
Again he cupped my balls and dick, and began to pump my cunt with
a vengeance.
"Take it, whore"
"Yeeeeeeeeeeessssssssssss - give it to me"
I have no idea how long he plundered my ass. Finally, I was faint
with exhaustion and pleasure,
I found myself kneeling before his shinning white cock, he was
slapping my cheeks. Then, I opened my mouth to receive his sperm.
He came in my mouth - the taste of my ass pussy and his manhood
invaded me. I swallowed his juice, running my fingers on my face
and chest, and licking it all up.
He lowered his balls into my mouth and I licked them clean.
Still kneeling he moved behind me and grabbed my little dick. He
squeezed and milked me until I spurt wet cum all over the floor.
He kneeled beside me and wet his fingers - then he pushed my head
back and put his fingers in my mouth.
It tasted like us.
"Okay, time for a bath."
Then I met Lebu. He was about 6'4", black as coal, probably in
the 250lb range.
He took me by the hand and led me to a large bathroom, with a
room-sized shower that had two stools in it. He was completely
naked and his cock had my mouth watering. Not so much the length,
which seemed about 7" but the girth, easily 3" thick. It was
beautifully sculpted and hung over a large sac.
We entered the shower together and the water mysteriously began
to flow, a nice warm shower of clear sparkling water.
He lifted me on one arm and I hung over his arm, butt up, legs in
the air.
His other hand took a bar of soap and began washing my tushy and
pussy. He spread my cheeks and ran the water. The hard stream
battering my balls, thighs and pink hole made the experience that
much more pleasing. His large hands on my little member made me
feel like the little girl I was.
He then soaped my crack with a thick lather and I glanced as he
inserted his finger into a soap bowl.
His middle finger found my boy cunt. He rubbed it with the soaped
finger as I spread my legs wider. He fingered me almost at the
same time. His large round finger moved in and out, and it felt
as if I were being fucked again. He smiled, and continued. I
lifted my butt to receive his cock like finger and I looked at
him.
His head came down and he kissed me on the lips. I opened my
mouth and his tongue began exploring mine. The water beat down on
us and he never stopped finger fucking me.
Finally he put me down and motioned for me put my little dick
between my legs so that it looked like a pussy.
I did as I was told.
He then pointed to the stool.
As I sat down, he presented his semi-erect tar-colored shaft to
me. He pursed his lips and pointed to me, gesturing for me to do
the same.
As I did he grabbed his cock and rubbed it over my pursed lips.
It tasted of soap and sex. My sex, which I suspect came from his
attention to my ass.
As he rubbed I slightly opened my mouth, and the huge round
purple head was now massaging the inside of my lips.
I then opened my mouth enough to take in his head, which I
proceeded to tongue and suck. His hips gyrated in a pendular
motion. He grabbed my hair on either side, pushing my head
forward. His thick black dick filled my mouth and I gladly took
him in me. I bobbed my head, licking and worshipping his cock,
and he began fucking my mouth with greater intensity.
He staff was now rock hard, and occasionally he would pull it out
and rub my cheeks and lips with that head that now resembled a
fist.
I motioned to my backside and spread myself wide, exposing my
little hole and offering it to him. He shook his head, no,
apparently that was not allowed.
I continued sucking and milking his large balls. He took the
stool away and sat on the floor, as I lay down on my belly and
pleasured his black marble erection.
As I fed on him. He leaned over and ran his hands over my
bouncing butt. He gestured for me to kneel, and as I did his
dick-sized thumb invaded me.
God, it felt good.
It was like a stubby black cock was raping me, and his hand
furiously fucked me as I sucked more and more of his rod into my
tiny mouth.
I felt he was about to erupt, and I couldn't wait to receive his
load, but he pulled out.
He rolled me on my back and reversed his position. His big black
mounds were over my face. He spread his cheeks and lowered his
pink hole. I began licking it. It tasted of Eli.
I could imagine Eli's long white tusk fucking this black ass
cunt. It made me delirious and I licked and sucked his asshole
until I was almost fainting.
He was grinding his butt into my face. I licked his cheeks and
his sac and everything I could reach.
Then he shifted back and his cock found its way back into my
mouth. He pumped and fucked my mouth. I took him into my mouth
like a pussy, sucking and caressing with my tongue.
He pounded me, and I grabbed his butt and pushed more and more
into my mouth.
Finally it happened. His huge head erupted in me and I swallowed
his cum, gulping it down, and draining his balls, pulling that
massive black meat down into my throat.
"Fuck this little white whore, rape me, make me your slave!"
He pumped more and more cream into me, on my chest and face. I
took his cum and rubbed it over my lips, nipples and on my pink
hole.
In a gentle, yet brusque movement, he lifted me up like a rag
doll and took me in his mouth. He devoured my little cock, his
tongue almost lashing it.
He placed his hand between my pussy and my balls and began to
squeeze. It was dizzying, and I felt as if I would cum right
there.
But then he stopped.
Plopping me on the shower floor he sat on a stool and adjusted
the legs so that his butt was at the right height. He pointed to
his pink hole.
I was amazed. But happy to oblige.
He spread those big black mounds. Watching those cheeks open to
me was enough to make me immobile. I took my cock and probed his
tight cunt. It was new to me, although I had tried it before. And
this was mouth-watering.
I used some soap to lubricate myself and his waiting hole. I
first introduced my finger, which slid in easily, and began to
finger his wide black ass. He gyrated and wiggled which I figured
meant it was going okay.
Then I put the head in, prying his pussy hole little by little.
Suddenly he groaned and motioned for me to take him. I put my
hands around his waist and jammed his tight butt hole.
The feeling was so fantastic that I let it sit there for a
moment. Then I started riding him, much like a little girl would
do on a big black stallion. I fucked him as hard as I could, and
grabbed his big dick. I needed two hands, and I stroked and
rubbed the head.
He moaned and spread himself wider. I pulled out and saw that
tight hole close slowly, I kissed it, and went right back in.
The feeling of velvet hand squeezing my little boy dick made me
crazy. I wanted more and more and more.
He let out a long groan and I felt his large meat swell in my
hands. I squeezed his balls and pounded his pink ass until I
couldn't hold it back.
I shot hot cream into that black boy pussy so hard I thought my
little dick would explode. I kept it up until he got up and got
on his knees.
He licked up my cum, squeezed me so that more would come out, and
he licked his lips. He smiled.
He finished washing me all over, including my hair, and then
dried me off with large towel.
He again took me by the hand we entered a room that had a closet.
In the closet was a large collection of white culottes, the old
English type, that had a slit in the back and a fold in the
front. He motioned for me to pick one. I found one that seemed to
fit and put on a pair of cloth flip-flops with a rubbery bottom.
He then conducted me to a kitchen where I was allowed to prepare
anything I wanted from a large array fresh food.
I was hungry. I ate.
He then showed me to a bedroom, all pink, very feminine, that had
a vanity and a closet.
There were a lot of panties and sheer stockings, some fishnets,
one very short dress, shoes, and no men's clothing at all.
The bed was a queen size with Egyptian cotton sheets that I was
glad to fall into.
I slept.
