My Sisters and Me
by Drew

“Drew!” I was brutally disrupted from my drunken slumber. “Wake up!” The voice whispered into my ear.

“Uggggghhhh,” I groaned. “What time is it?” My eyelids slowly opened up to allow in some light.

“Doesn’t matter, come on! You’re not gonna want to miss this, I promise!” The voice urged.

I finally rolled over to see Maddy standing above me. She started to pull the covers off me.

“Miss what?”

“Katie and Kelly are skiing…”

“Ugghhh seriously? You woke me up for that?”

“NAKED.”

“Huhhh?” Now I had a little more motivation.

“Yeah, get up now or you’ll miss them!”

I sloppily crawled out of my bed wearing a pair of gym shorts. I looked at the clock on the wall: 3:23. I had only been asleep for about 2 hours. I was still very drunk and my vision was blurry. I noticed my little sister, fully dressed, and staring at me.

“Hurry!” She urged.

I threw a hoodie over my head and followed her down the stairs.

“So….what’s this all about?”

“Remember when Katie said she wanted to add to that ‘underwear tree’ on our last ski trip?”

“Sure,” as if I’d forget her teasing me with that.

“Well, I brought it back up after you guys went to sleep. And we convinced her and Kelly to do it!” Maddy took some deep breaths as she reached the bottom of the stairs.

“Really?”

“Yup. They both think you guys are passed out hammered – "

“ – I was…”

“Yeah, but….I mean they don’t think you guys will be out here.”

“You guys?”

“Kenzie’s getting Jordan.”

“Ahhh.” Maddy and I arrived at the balcony and we walked outside. Ara was waiting for us, keeping watch on the hill. She was dressed much warmer than I, with her coat and sweatpants on.

“Can I go throw on some warmer clothes?” I asked.

“No!” The two girls said together.

“They should be coming down any minute now,” Ara said calmly.

The sliding glass door swung back open and Jordan stumbled out to greet us.

“Ya’ll better not be messing with us,” he said. He too, was only dressed in a pair of shorts and hoodie. “Ahhh, my head feels like it’s gonna split open,” he complained.

“Just trust us, it’ll be worth it,” Kenzie said.

The five of us sat out on the balcony in the still of the night. Nobody said anything, as anticipation loomed over us. Maddy eventually got up excitedly and hurried over to the wall, where there was a light-switch. She grinned and pointed to the spotlights above us.

“Good thinking,” I said.

“I can’t see!” We heard a distant scream coming from the darkness.

“That’s them!” Kenzie whispered.

“Ssssshhhhhhhh!” Everyone crouched down and became as quiet as they could.

SWWWWSSSSHHHH SWWWWSSSSHHHH SWWWWSSSSHHHH

My older sister and her friend carved through the snow.

“AHHHH, this is harder than I thought!” Kelly yelped.

“Almost made it! Turn here to the cabin!” Katie’s voice followed.

I was able to make out two dark figures turn down the incline which led to our cabin. They were being guided only by the light of the moon and stars. I have no clue how they got up the hill in the first place, but I didn’t care. They slowly but surely weaved their way through the powder, getting closer and closer to us.

I looked over at Maddy. “Now!” I whispered, jumping out of my hiding place for a good view.

Maddy flipped the switch and the two spotlights flickered on in blinding fashion, capturing Katie and Kelly in the beam.

“AHHHHHHH!” The girls screamed in harmony.

I instantly noticed that they were not naked. Well, not fully anyway. They were both wearing ski pants, but were completely topless.

Katie had poles in her hands and was unable to cover. Kelly was on her board and pole-less, but she put one hand up to block the light and used the other to make sure she stayed balanced. This meant unobstructed looks at both of their exposed tits!

Katie’s rack was as magnificent as ever; a perfect, rounded W that defied gravity. Kelly’s breasts weren’t big, but not tiny either. They were pointy, with quarter-sized brown nipples.

The girls slashed their way through the snow and their boobs jiggled enthusiastically in the light. Their eyes squinted as they struggled to make out who all was on the balcony enjoying the view.

“NICE CANS!” Jordan announced. He stood up on the bench to get an even better look. I followed him.

“Jordan!?” Kelly screeched, and suddenly slid on her heel-side to slow herself down.

“Ew, not you, sis!” He yelled.

“Yours are nice too, Kelly!” I shouted.

“Hahaha Drew!” Kelly had almost come to a complete stop and was now able to use her back arm to cover what she could. Katie slowed herself as well, but the poles and the light still prevented her from hiding.

As we were both wholly absorbed in the show, neither Jordan nor myself noticed Maddy and Kenzie sneaking up behind us.

“Surprise!” Maddy roared as she pulled my shorts down to my ankles in one fell swoop.

I wasn’t wearing underwear, and my dick leapt out into the winter night. Jordan’s did the same. Despite the low temperature, both of our hairless cocks were as smooth and rigid as the icicles that hung from the ceiling. Seeing the guns on Katie’s chest as well as Kelly’s sweet pointy tits will have that affect. I took a quick peek to my side to see who was the larger of the two, before turning to face the girls.

At first, Ara had the best view. She wasn’t distracted from having to creep around. She sat there, slightly blushing with her dimpled smirk, and didn’t take her eyes off my hard-on. Kenzie jumped back and drooled over Jordan as he took his time to pull his shorts up. I pulled my own up, but not before noticing Maddy’s beautiful blue eyes, her black pupils dilated, as she eyed my stiff dick for the first time since it exploded all over her.

“Nice Pee-Pee, Drew!” Kelly exclaimed. I have no idea what kind of look she received from down on the ground with the light in her eyes. When I looked down at her she gave me a wink. She had now formed herself a handbra, and motioned her board back down the slope. Katie followed her and we watched their uncovered backs from behind as they disappeared into the garage.

“Boooooo!” Jordan and I let our disapproval known as Katie and Kelly came into the cabin with jackets on. But they wore them only half zipped, showing off a bunch of skin and cleavage. It was incredibly sexy.

“Booo yourselves,” Katie said. “Why don’t you pull your little peckers back out and we’ll unzip.”

“Okay!” Jordan said, a bit too excitedly. He dropped his shorts back down to mid-thigh. But his hormones betrayed him. His dick had gone soft, shrunken back to its resting state.

“EEEEWWWW, Jordan!” Kelly looked away in disgust.

“Bahahaha!” Katie laughed and pointed. “Did Wittle Jordan go to sweep?” She said in a mocking baby voice.

He pulled his shorts back up in shame. “C’mon, you now,” he said with desperation.

“Ha!” Katie strutted past him and began climbing the stairs. “G’night, boys!”

*****************
It was another bluebird day on the mountain. This time, we didn’t get on the lift until around noon. The wild night of debauchery had taken its toll. We would be starting the day going further up the mountain as opposed to riding down.

Katie, Kelly, Jordan, and I piled onto the four-person chair. It swayed back and forth as it carried us up the hill.

“Oh shit, I might puke,” Jordan said, holding his stomach.

“Lightweight,” Kelly said. But I could tell all of us looked a bit green.

Once the lift smoothed its rhythm, we were able to settle ourselves. As we rode up, a tree covered with bras and panties came into view.

“Y’know, there’s just as much underwear on those branches as bras,” Jordan pointed out.

“…and?” Katie questioned.

“I don’t know….feel like you guys didn’t really get the full experience last night. Kind of a half measure, honestly.”

“Yeeeeeeeaaaaahhhhh that reverse psychology crap might fly with the high school girls, but not gonna work on us, bro,” Katie said. Kelly laughed.

“What? I was just saying.”

“Uhh huhh.”

We rode the rest of the way in silence. When the others arrived, we had some decisions to make.

“Alright, you guys going down the green run?” Katie asked.

“Actually, I’m gonna start with the blue,” I said.

“Nice,” she smiled.

“Yeah, need to get some adrenaline going or I might actually spew all over the snow.”

“Gross. Kelly?”

“Yup, I’ll go blue too,” she said.

“Alright….Kenzie, you cool with that?”

“Guess we’ll find out,” she said.

“You got this, I’ll hang back with ya,” Jordan said.

“Thanks.”

We took off and began our descent down the mountain. I was flying (for me) and the rush of the wind really did help settle my stomach. I was behind Katie and Ara, but was keeping pace with Maddy. While I’m sure the views were incredible – not only of the mountain itself, but also of the three girls, silkily swerving back and forth – I had to focus on my own path. I got into a rhythm, rotating my hips to my inner beat. I was starting to realize why so many riders enjoy listening to music as they race downhill. It helps limit the distractions. I leaned forward and picked up speed. I passed Maddy but Ara and Katie were too far ahead and were now out of sight.

The path came to a trifurcation and I had no one ahead of me to follow. I didn’t want to take my eyes off the snow to read the signs, so I turned my skis 90 degrees and came to an abrupt stop. There’s no way I was risking going down expert terrain. About 7 seconds later, Maddy appeared at my side.

“Drew! You’re doing so good!” She exclaimed. She raised her goggles up to look at me.

“Yeah, think that may be the best run I’ve ever had,” I said. I caught my breath. “Where are the others?”

“I think they both hung back with Kenzie,” Maddy said as we both surveyed the mountain. “Ara and Katie?”

“Long gone,” I laughed.

“Soooo, you wanna stick to the blue? There’s also a green over that way.”

“Think I’m handling the blue.”

“K.”

“But…you think there’s more green paths off it below? If it ends up being too hard?”

“Yeah, there are. But you’re not gonna need it! Have some confidence,” she beamed.

“Just always nice to have a way out,” I said. Maddy’s smile slowly faded as she held eye contact.

“Drew,” she batted her eyes. “I saw you looking at me last night.” My heart skipped a beat.

“I ummm,” Maddy wasn’t her typical bubbly self, but she didn’t appear upset either. She wore an almost…domineering? Expression. I don’t know. “I’m sorry. Last night…was crazy – with the partying and drinking. I remember what you said…” My voice trailed off as I began to hear Jordan, Kelly, and Kenzie appear behind us. My sister continued to stare intensely at me. Her eyebrows rose and her lips curved upward into a more mischievous appearance, before she turned her gaze to the others.

“Hey guys!”

“What’s up?” Jordan asked.

“Just wanted to make sure we stayed together,” I said.

“Where’s Katie?” Kelly asked. “And Ara?”

“Probably at the bottom by now.”

“Kenz, how’s it going?” Maddy asked.

“Better today,” her friend answered. “But still think this is too hard for me.”

“I’ll hit that green with you,” Kelly said. “Sounds nice and relaxing.”

“You guys sticking on blue?” Jordan questioned.

“Yeah, wanna keep pushing myself,” I answered.

“Yup,” said Maddy.

“Alright, sounds good. Let’s get it.”

Jordan, Maddy, and I took off down the hill. Kelly and Kenzie began their shallow descent to the side. I picked up where I left off, but wasn’t nearly as focused as before – Maddy’s words and expressions jumbled around my brain. I struggled in a few areas and nearly lost balance, but never actually fell. After a choppy run, I was relieved to come to a halt at the bottom. Katie and Ara were waiting.

“What took so long?” Katie asked. “Thought you were right behind us?”

“Lost you guys, you went too fast,” I said. “So, we waited for everyone to make sure we went down the right trail at the split.”

“Ahhhh. Take it Kelly and Kenzie went down the green, then?”

“Yep.”

“Alright, I don’t think trying to keep all seven of us together is gonna work,” Katie said. Everyone agreed with her.

“Yeah, I’m gonna ride with Kenzie today,” Ara said unexpectedly. We must’ve been looking at her crazy because she started laughing. “I can help her out, I mean. I don’t think she’s enjoying this too much.”

“Seemed to enjoy herself last night,” Jordan grinned. Maddy gave him a lighthearted hit.

A few minutes later, Kelly and Kenzie arrived. We took a break and grabbed some coffees before heading back out. Ara carried out her plan, and went with Kenzie to the green runs. Kelly and Katie joined the rest of us, as we continued on our intermediate runs.

“Glad Ara’s coaching her,” Kelly said. “I think I was maxed out on lessons.”

“Thanks for helping her, Kelly!” Maddy said.

“Yeah…who would’ve thought you two would become such close riding buddies…after that first night,” Katie laughed.

“Yeah, she’s pretty funny, actually. A bit of a sloppy drunk,” Kelly looked at Maddy, “no offense.”

Maddy put her hands up. “None taken,” she said.

“But we’ve all been there.”

“So, you’re saying you did a bunch of strip shows in your younger days?” I joked.

“Drew!” Maddy laughed.

“My younger days? Drew, I’m 20.” Kelly chuckled. “And I would’ve did one last night….had you boys been able to beat us.”

“We did beat you…”

“You know what I mean!”

“How bout a rematch tonight then?” I said, hopefully.

“Haha. Haven’t you two seen enough this trip?”

“No,” Jordan and I said in unity.

“Yeah…last night was a special night. Honestly, probably once in a lifetime for you guys, so hope ya enjoyed it!” She teased.

“Tonight definitely feels like a chill night,” Katie said.

“Agreed,” Maddy said. “I don’t feel like drinking at all.”

“Sorry boys,” Kelly said. “Seems like the jury’s out on this.”

“But it’s our last night here!” Jordan pleaded.

“Awwwwww! Our wast night!” Katie did her mocking baby voice again. “You two can drink as much as you want, we’re not stopping you.”

“Yeah, plenty of beer left,” Kelly said.

The five of us lazily did a few more runs as the sun dipped below the tree-line. The momentum of the weekend was beginning to fade. Bad hangovers, combined with having a long drive, and then back to work or school in the next 48 hours had us all in a bit of depressed state. We corralled the other high school girls and made our way back to the cabin.

“Well, since none of us feel like drinking tonight,” Maddy began.

“Speak for yourself,” Jordan cut her off. She ignored him.

“How bout a horror movie!” She suggested. Horror movies were never her favorite, but I guess being in a big group had her craving one.

“Does feel like that type of night,” Ara said. “Nice and cozy, with the fire going.”

“I’m in!” Kelly said.

The other girls agreed and began excitedly discussing movie options. We arrived at the chalet and Katie and Kelly began whipping up some beer batter for a fish fry. Jordan and I chopped up some vegetables and the younger girls showered. Once the oil was hot enough, we dropped the fish in, removed them, and then dug in once they had a chance to cool.

“This is delicious, Kelly,” Ara said.

“Yeah, glad we were able to find a use for all these left-over beers,” Katie said, laughing at Jordan and I’s disgusted looks.

But, despite our disapproval for how the beer was being used, the food was delicious. “Where’d you learn to make this?” I asked, in between stuffing my face. “it’s so good.”

“Haha of course it’s good, it’s basically beer, flour, and eggs,” Kelly laughed.

“In other words, all the bad-for-you stuff,” Maddy said. Her hair was dark and damp and she sat shivering in her t-shirt.

“Yup. But seriously, there’s like 5 ingredients. It’s super easy,” Kelly said.

We finished our meals and Jordan did most of the clean-up. Katie and Kelly went to shower and I got the fire going as Maddy, Ara, and Kenzie snuggled up on the couch. I sat down in a chair a cracked a beer. The girls gave me a questionable look.

“Oh, NOW we’re judging for drinking?” I remarked. They laughed. “Relax, just having a few during the movie. Did you guys pick one out yet?”

“Yep, it’s a surprise,” Kenzie said. I rolled my eyes at them. They continued to shiver despite the heat emanating from the fire.

“Drew! The fire’s not helping!”

“Get closer.”

“It’s too close for the movie…can you go get us some robes? There’s a closet on the third floor and mom keeps a bunch of them in there,” Maddy asked. I looked at her with slight annoyance. “Pleeeeeaaase!” I figured I was gonna wash up soon, so no sense getting too settled in anyway.

“I guess,” I said. “Three of them?”

“Four,” Katie said as she emerged from the stairs in a t-shirt and shorts.

“Okay, four,” I began walking upstairs.

“Actually five, Drew!” Katie shouted. “I’m sure Kelly will want one too!”

I nodded, though questioned whether we even had five robes available to give. The girls seemed confident. I reached the third floor and entered the walk-in closet, which was located in the center of the hallway. The thing was huge, and seemed to serve as a connected closet for the two third-story bedrooms. There was about a person’s-width crevice on one end of the closet and you could see into a dark room. On the opposite end, hung the robes.

I walked over and pulled five of them to the side, but when I did so, I revealed a view into the second bedroom. This one was filled with light. I didn’t think much of it, at first. I turned, and attempted to gather the five robes – which were heavier than I would’ve guessed. Then, I hear a door close shut from the bedroom and a figure with wet, black hair and a baby-blue towel wrapped around her body appeared in my line of sight. Kelly.

Oh shit. I gulped to myself. I was worried she had heard me, but she remained facing the other direction. Not wanting to look like a creeper, I tried to gather myself, and get the hell out of there. But then she dropped the towel.

Oh FUCK. I couldn’t look away. Her round ass was flawless. So fat and perky, and I mean, FAT, in the best possible way. Her tan skin glistened. She bent forward and began drying her hair with the towel.

Drew, what the fuck are you doing…Get out of there! This was wrong, on so many different levels. My pulse began to race and my throat went dry. It hurt to swallow. You can see her, when the time’s right. Just be patient! But my feet were glued to the floor. I couldn’t move. I continued to watch my sister’s gorgeous friend as she whipped her hair up, and effortlessly tied the towel in place.

BA-BUMP, BA-BUMP, BA-BUMP, BA-BUMP, BA-BUMP

I can’t believe Kelly didn’t hear my heart beating out of my chest. She stood casually, checking her phone in the nude. I maneuvered myself so that I was better hidden within the robes.

Come on! Get out! I didn’t listen to the better half of my conscious. Just one quick look at her front side, then ask yourself for forgiveness later. That’s what I told myself. Kelly was texting away, and I felt my phone buzz in my pocket. SHIT! I stood still, praying she didn’t hear. She remained oblivious and I continued to drool over her back, butt, and legs from behind.

She tossed her phone on the bed and grabbed a bottle of lotion. Her left boob popped into sight for a second. She began moisturizing, slapping and rubbing the cream over her smooth skin, making it shine even more so than it already did. She lotioned her ass, caressing and tugging on her squishy butt cheeks, and I actually became lightheaded from my sympathetics going into overdrive.

Jesus Christ, you’re going to hell, Drew. As if incest didn’t have my spot booked already. I was in too deep now. Kelly put the lotion down and reached her arms back up over her head. She removed the towel and her dark hair flowed down to her mid back. Fuck she was sexy. After what felt like ages, she turned to face me.

And…OH MY GOD, there she was! My jaw dropped, and my eyes jumped from my skull as I finally got a GOOD look at Kelly in all her butt naked glory. Her pointy tits were even more delightful than the previous night, now that I could see them up close and in better lighting. Her stomach was flat with an attractive small belly button and her pelvic bones protruded in a stimulating, subtle manner. She had a faint black-haired bush which she kept neatly trimmed. I was brought back to the tidiness of her apartment.

Kelly stood facing me, head-to-toe naked, for a few seconds, as I scanned her tight little body. Her hot, buzzed beaver had me close to busting in my pants. But walk that close to the sun, and your bound to get burnt.

“Drew?” Kelly’s voice snapped me back to reality. My stomach sank, and I felt like I was going to become sick. What the fuck were you thinking! Kelly covered up her crotch and tits and peered into the closet, perhaps trying to see if her mind was playing tricks on her.

I sprung into action and ducked behind the crevice. I grabbed the five towels and scurried into the hallway and down the stairs. There’s no way I didn’t make a lot of noise in the process.

“Took ya long enough, jeeze,” Katie said as I reached the bottom. She looked at me, and I’m sure my face was pale. “The fuck were you doing up there…you look like you’ve seen a ghost,” she commented.

“Just really out of shape,” I improvised. I tossed the girls their robes and ran back upstairs to the second-floor bathroom. As I stepped into the shower, I couldn’t help but curse myself for once again, getting into a potential life-wrecking situation. Only time would tell what Kelly’s reaction would be.

