Tropical Truth Sex
byFutureDrShitHead©

From arriving in Raro, we all passed out after the first night there with our newest friend. Tiff and I did not realise we could spoon such short people with such ease or that they could spoon us and feel so tiny on us. However, this is the price you pay when you are more then a clear foot taller than they are.

The next morning came nice and early and for me, well in what will not shock people I passed out, then woke up and then did not go back to sleep. My brain was whirring, my heart was racing, and everything was just a mess -- all in a good way, but in slightly an 'OMG what the hell is coming next' type of way as well.

So, in typical me fashion I got out my tablet and started reading the news, watching clips of the stories I wanted to absorb, and all the things normal people do not actually do in a Villa on a tropical island with three naked women inside. However, as these stories have outlined, I am still at heart a massive geek and my brain can not really cope without being connected unless Misty is the one disconnecting it. That is her special skill in life (even Tiff is jealous of it). Misty is the provocateur in life, Tiff is the rock and Hana (yes I have been chipped on the spelling of her name and I duly note this) is very new but from what I can tell, she is sweet, a bit shy (normally) with people she has not met but her and Misty suit each other well -- they both like to upstage each other with a (un) healthy competitive drive but are different enough that just like Tiff and I, it just works.

Tiff and I have already bet each other that there is a wedding in this one if it is not stuffed up by events or the irrational. The last time I told a female friend to just "not chicken out" and "harden up" there was a wedding in three years. Being a perfectionist and with Tiff not willing to doubt me from the evidence presented, we are betting on 2/2 (not that they will admit it and not like we would ever tell them about our side bet).

Whilst I have copped some shit for being the architect of everything that has happened in our marriage since I introduced Misty into it -- I have ensured that Tiff gets her space of control inside of it. After all, she has my heart and soul, now she has two extra bodies to dominate and she does enjoy it and the effect is amazing, considering the size differential.

I watch the most stunning sunrise and it is stunning and makes me just at peace with where I am and the situation of how we are here.

As I heard rumblings, I see a naked Hana stumble out of bed and look for coffee. Her immediate looking for coffee reminds me a lot of Tiff's need for it in order to be a functioning member of society. I hand her a cup and we start to just talk. She plays the game of 'ask me anything' and I enjoy answering everything she wants to know in much more direct detail then ever before.

She giggles at some things, is shocked by others and loves the sweetness of others. While Misty knows a lot of the things that has made me who I am, Hana wanted to know more and more. I thought that this was about comfort with me as a new person, but I also wondered if this was just about being inquisitive as I am quite strange. I didn't care, I enjoyed getting to know this such wonderful part of Misty's life and sharing in such an open way.

Before we knew it, the hour had past and there were restless lovers in the bed. She posited the idea of waking them up with sex, but then she had a devilish grin. I asked what her plan was.... And all I got was "How shocking do you want to be?".

I was confused by the question considering the hour and unlike Misty, I was not sure on how to read her yet. In my confusion she elaborated.... "order some room service, lots".

This was Misty's live-in lover, there was no way I was going to not do it. However, I was not yet sure if she was pushing me, tempting me or a bit of both. All would be revealed in due course.

I order the room service and a local guy answered the phone with the standard "Kia Orana". I order the big feast of food and lots of coffee but with two chai teas to go with it as well (for Hana and I). We knew that not getting Misty some chai tea would get her all riled up. However, somehow, I thought that this might just be a secondary issue that is raised if Hana got her way.

As the man down the end of the phone said "I will bring this all to your room within the half hour" I thanked him and then hung up the phone and turned to Hana and she looked like she was giddy. I did not know where she was going with all of this but if she were as half as mischievous as Misty this would be interesting to say the least.

In no other situation would I be laying there naked next to a naked Asian with our two respective lovers being asleep in the bed while we sit outside waiting for this room service. The beach is public so anyone could have seen us, however, we were both so dulled to this, the exhibitionism element did not really register.

Along the beach, comes more then one of the room service staff servicing the Villas. We waved at them almost completely oblivious to our nudity and more then one of them enjoyed the sight that they saw. We did not flinch or blush but there was some joking between us about who was enjoying what.

Misty and Tiff were still asleep sound asleep still (Misty out of laziness, Tiff from exhaustion).

Then our delivery came from the amazing looking man. Fit, Polynesian guy who looked good enough to play professional sport and was as calm as anything. Delivering to two naked people, he did not flinch. I signed for the bill and it was obvious he was hard....

At this point my heart was fluttering as I was not sure what was going on here and Hana has not the experience with my geek brain or destroying it. My hand was shaking as I signed as I was not sure if this was a set up or where this was heading....

Then in a moment of poetic timing (unlike mine) I was as hard as a rock and fucking me like the little sneak that she is Misty snuck up behind me (probably with some Hana subtle signaling I missed) and jumped on my shoulders like a maniac to kiss my ear and slide me back down on to the lounge chair.

My legs gave out in no time and before I knew it Misty was at my neck and then at my earlobe naked behind me while Hana looked on encouragingly. As I moaned I realised I was going to lose control of this situation and that was the plan the whole way along.

Before I knew it, Misty was whispering in my ears "suck him" .... In her most seductive and damn teasing voice that she could muster like the premium shit head that she is. There was once upon a time I had never imagined being in this situation with two naked women while my wife was asleep to suck a guy off -- the last few months obliterated that shit entirely.

I did not even notice that he had his cock out and it was magnificent. Solid length and thickness and it were being offered to me like a popsicle.

With a gentle nudge in the head, I was giving this perfect stranger a blowjob in public with two naked women urging me on. I was wondering what Tiff would make of all of this, but they obviously were keeping her asleep until later.

Not being the most experienced cocksucker (being never without a blindfold on) I just went with what came naturally between teasing his balls and sucking him up and down like every red-blooded male has seen in countless porn films.

Then out of what we might call a random fit of confidence in the situation, he was pant-less on the banana lounge next to me and I was on my knees sucking him off like a hungry whore for it. I was obliterating the concept of being straight and I could not have cared less.

Sucking him off, ass in the air in the open air for anyone to see was exhilarating and I was not keen to over think it. Moving down to his balls and then rimming him like a maniac drew gasps and cheers from the random man and my two stunning onlookers as I really got into giving this man the blowjob of his life.

From the noises and cheers I must have been doing a good job and then the next step began.

Before I knew it the two of them had pushed me up to get back on to my legs but notably kept my walking stick out of arms reach so I was wobbly on my feet. They had that mischievous glint in the eye and Misty had a shit-eating grin on her face and before I knew it, I was pushed down into the original banana lounge I was on.

These little shits work quick as before I knew it my hands were tied behind my back again by a thinner string then I had been tied up with before. I had guessed a bikini string, but I was hardly going to complain at this point.

Then in a flash, the lube was being applied to my ass. The cold shiver rushed up my spine and froze my brain and I just stopped thinking as I froze. Before I knew it, his gorgeous cock was completely inside my ass as my eyes started to bulge out of my head Misty went for my lips and Hana went for my neck. They were both in on this public exhibition of pure lust and my brain was not able to care.

So, I closed my eyes and begged for more as this gorgeous man pounded my ass in the open and I was in pure heaven. I was moaning and begging for more as the girls alternated between teasing me and rubbing their hands all over his six-pack as they marveled at how amazingly physically fit he is.

I might be a geek as are they but in a moment of lust, they did not mind physical looks either and with his cock up my ass I did not care either.

He was pounding me as hard as he could and as fast as he could, and I could not touch my cock and the girls would tease my balls, neck and earlobes -- but not my cock. This sensation was driving me crazy, but I did not want it to stop either.

I was starting to grimace and move against the bindings in order to get to my cock, but these girls had tied me up good as I took the pounding of my life. Then before I knew it, Misty had decided to use damn bikini bottoms as a makeshift blindfold. I was not sure how smart this was since I have a big head and they are tiny, but she made it work and it was tight enough.

Next, I got from Hana in my ear "Enjoy the rest of the show" in a rather sneaky voice.

I took my pounding like the good bottom I was becoming, and I enjoyed it immensely.

Then I started to hear Misty moaning like a maniac next to me and some muffled moaning. I had figured the whole scene had got Misty and Hana so wet they could not help but fuck next to me and the cute stranger with the nice cock.

Obviously, our stranger was getting very turned on because it was not long before he was shooting rope after rope of warm cum straight up my ass. I felt like I was getting filled up like a firehose and close to explosion all simultaneously.

I was moaning and screaming so loud that most of the island could probably hear us fucking as well as the girls next to us, but the Villas were so far apart and we did not give a shit and even if we did, our lust was so far past the point of rational thinking.

Then next thing I knew there were three voices moaning next to me as I remained tied up. They had got Tiff into all of this in the open air.... And to think once she was embarrassed about Marilyn Munroe flashing on a holiday.

I wanted to join in but could not. I was hard, begging for release and then the cock pulled out of my ass and left.... Left me untouched and without cumming.

I was squirming, begging and trying to get free for I do not know how long as I could hear orgasms besides me which made the suffering even worth. I could hear Misty cumming so I assume someone was eating her out.... Then some sweet relief came as someone sat on my cock and started riding me.

I could tell there was muffling or lip biting to hide the screaming. Then I screamed as loud as I could as I came, and she came simultaneously. I had never cum so much in my life as the teasing and anal had just driven me insane.

At this point I knew it was not Tiff riding me, but I could not think straight.

I must have passed out for a moment in everything that happened. As I came too, I was not tied up anymore and my legs were very wobbly. As I woke up, Tiff was taking a picture as Misty was curled up on one shoulder and Hana on the other....

I looked exhausted at my still naked, very wet wife as she said "I always knew you would enjoy a cock and his was amazing".

I could barely get a smile up at how much I loved her in that moment only for Hana and Misty to tag team the sides of my neck and earlobes making me squirm and moan with whatever energy I had left.

Misty whispered in perfect timing in my heart "Fucking her and fucking with you is the best thing ever to happen to us both".

Hana then followed up with "Do not ever let that Queen of yours go, because she is with us in the divorce".

The four of us laughed as I was helped up on to my very wobbly legs.

I do not know who saw what, heard what or took video of what -- I also don't care either.
