We meet MF

[a first meeting.]

I have been watching you for a couple of weeks - always traveling to work on the same train, to work and back, every day. I've made sure I've been in the same carriage for the last few days, watching your every move and getting closer and closer to you. I've watched other guys standing close to you, even pushing their bodies against you. I wondered if you noticed their arousal. You see, you always wear extremely simple but surprisingly sexy clothes; nothing too blatant, just clothes that accentuate your gorgeous figure and hair. You look simply stunning - and this every day. I don't think it's because you make an effort. You just have great dress sense, a big enough budget and you feel good in what you wear.

And it's not just guys who look at you. I've seen many a girl and woman watch you and smile at your simplistic beauty. You don't seem to mind when a woman stands really close to you. In fact, sometimes it looks like you are actually enjoying it when a woman presses her breasts against you when the train is really crowded. However, you always carry a bag which you use to push between yourself and guys, at least when one tries to push his body against your butt. But some days later on, I notice you smile when you feel one of them against you, and you even wriggle a little bit back on them and that always makes the guys smile.

All this makes me very interested in you and each day over the next week I move closer to you until I am standing always just one or two guys away from you. The trains are so full every day that nobody can really move, from our station into the city. I watch you closely, knowing when you are going to smile and on which days you will even grin a the guy in front of you, even if he's not up against you. You begin to use your `interference' bag rather less and I notice that you often have a knowing smile on your face when you finally emerge from the crowded train in the city centre.

I know where you work because I've followed you there many times. You don't know me, but I work on the floor above you in the massive skyscraper building. I know who your colleagues are, but I know that you don't associate with any of them outside of work. Inm fact, the only guy or girl I ever see you with is your husband. I know he is your husband because you go home together sometimes on the train and I've seen you go out with him and two kids, who seem to be your children. I've followed you a couple of times on trips out of town and watched you enjoying yourself with your family. But I've not seen you being intimate, not even kissing with this guy, and that concerns me. Is there something missing in your relationship? Is this why you react sometimes to women and guys on the train?

I am very intrigued, so much so that my dreams about you are all-consuming now. I realize that I want you and I might do anything to get you. I plan to get right up close to you the following week on the train. I spend all that weekend masturbating numerous times to pictures of you in my mind. I just cum and cum and cum. You exhaust me! But, of course, I do enjoy thinking about you. However, my passion for you has now reached a dangerous level. I have to do something to get your attention.

The following Monday, I see you waiting on the train aiming for your usual place, in the middle of the third car. I move up right beside you, immediately smelling your subtle perfume, a delicious blend of musk and Chanel - classy, as I expected. You are wearing especially sexy clothes today, with a low-cut top showing off the gorgeous mounds of your beautiful breasts. When I'm standing this close to you, as I am quite a bit taller than you, I can look down inside your top and almost see your nipples. I imagine them hard against my naked skin and my cock instantly becomes rock hard and erect. The train sways and our bodies touch, my cock pressing against your hip. You turn and our eyes meet for the first time. You smile that oh-so-sexy smile that I've seen play across your face before. And, do I imagine it, but no - your body presses back against me as the train sways us apart. You almost seem to cling to me and my cock throbs against your body. You smile again and your mouth opens slightly in a delicious looking `O'.

As the train pulls into an intermediate station, when the train stabilizes itself, I push my lower body firmly against you. You respond by sliding your hand down between us, actually pushing between my cock and your body until your fingers are grasping along my pulsating shaft. I look around and see that no-one is taking any notice of us. More people get on then train and we get pushed tighter together. Your hand clasps tightly onto my hard cock and you push your breasts against me. - hard!

I can't move away from you yet I really want to lean forward and kiss you. Your hand squeezes my cock and slides up and down the shaft. I groan as I realize that you have taken control of me. Within less than a minute, my cock throbs violently and I cum explosively in my briefs, grunting in your ear as the train lurches again. The warm wetness goes right through me and I grin wickedly at you. You smile sexily and your hand immediately disappears.

The train stops at our station and you are gone with the multitude while I hurry to the bathroom to clean up and inspect the `damage'. My briefs are soaked in my cum, but luckily none has yet leaked onto my suit trousers. I strip off my briefs, balling them up and stuffing them into my pocket. I wipe my cum-covered cock, feeling it so sensitive. I pull up my trousers, feeling surprisingly sexy without my briefs. I realize that the silky lining of my expensive suit feels rather good against the skin of my post-orgasmic cock.

I walk out of the bathroom and get to our building. I reach your floor, slip past the receptionist and head for your desk. I already know where you work - exactly. I open the door of your office, see you sitting behind your computer, and throw my cum-soaked briefs in front of you, immediately slamming the door shut and walking out. I get to my own desk, one floor up and sit down, breathing very heavily.

For a while, nothing happens, except my breathing slowly returns to normal. I'm thinking that I wanted you, but you took over. How could I get back at you? Did I want to? Or did I want you to take further control.

Just before lunch, my phone rings. It's you. You say just four words: "Ladies bathroom third, now!" The phone goes dead.

I clear up my desk quickly and go down two floors to the only ladies bathroom on that floor.

"Come here!" you call softly but in complete control.

I move to a cubicle that's open. You are inside, bent over against the toilet, your skirt around your waist, your panties on the floor.

"Do it! Now!" you command.

I quickly pull the door closed behind me as I unzip my trousers. My cock is incredibly erect and ready. I slide my hands between your butt cheeks, finding your already very wet pussy. I aim my cock towards you and push it straight inside - in one smooth thrust, I'm fully inside you. You groan, obviously delighted.

"You're big!" you squeal, pushing your butt back against me to drive me even deeper.

Before I get a chance to move, you orgasm wildly, pulsating spasms caress my cock shaft and your juices gush out all over us.

"If you don't cum quickly, I'm gone," you giggle, working your butt against me.

I thrust into you a few times and my orgasm is there. In another couple of seconds, I'm ready to burst.

Then the bathroom door opens and a voice calls, "Christy, are you there?"

Quite calmly, considering you have my imminently orgasming cock deep inside your pussy, you reply, "Yes, Marion. I'll just be a moment."

I orgasm violently, filling your pussy almost instantly with a huge load of cum. Your pussy spasms again, once more drowning us with juices. Your groan wickedly.

"Are you sure you're OK?" asks Marion.

"I'm fine," you respond, "Just a little diarrhea!"

I almost split my sides with suppressed laughter and slowly withdraw my cock from your pussy. A gush of our mixed juices spurts out of you pussy, down your legs onto the bathroom floor. You look down, then back at me, grinning.

"I'll be right out, Marion," you murmur.

Is she your girlfriend, I wonder?

THE END

[Anyone with any comments, or ladies/girls who would like to chat with me, please contact me on rockyhard4uc@gmail.com - I would love to hear what you think about my stories. Thank you.]
