Aspen's Story: The Little Sapling, Part 4 by Chris Hailey, Copyright 2021

Story codes: Mg9, MMMMg, oral, first, anal, grooming, DP

Summary: Aspen, a nine year old little sapling of a girl, learns all about sex from her neighbor and his friends.
This is chapters seven and eight of a multi-chapter saga. The story codes listed above apply to all the chapters, not specifically to the ones contained in this post.

==============

Disclaimer
If it is not legal for you to access this story, you must leave immediately.

This story is fictional and is considered by the author to be a work of art. While the story may contain scenes that some readers might consider prurient, these scenes are intended to advance the author's artistic goals. All characters and events are fictional and all reader comments are understood to be fictional and fantasy.

This story contains written fictional fantasy material that may be objectionable to some readers and may be illegal in some jurisdictions. This may include, but is not limited to: 1) Written fantasy depictions of minors engaged in sexual activity, including sexual activity with adults; 2) Written fantasy depictions of incest; 3) Occasionally, written fantasy depictions of rape and abusive behavior. If you find any of these subjects objectionable, or if they have been determined to be or may be determined to be obscene or otherwise illegal in your jurisdiction, you must leave immediately.

This story is intended for adult readers only. If you are not of legal age to read erotica in your jurisdiction, you must leave immediately.

Thank you,
~CH

==============



Chapter Seven
Aspen, Cherry Girl No More


Little Sapling quaked.

Underneath her neighbor, Aspen was a scared little girl, when she felt his cockhead sliding against her pussy.

She knew all to well how big his cock is. She'd had it in her hands and mouth so many times that she knew all about it. But she couldn't even get her own finger in her pussy without it hurting! And her finger was tiny compared to John's cock! There's no way his cock will fit, she's too little, she's too young, and there's just no way he's gonna fit!

Aspen wanted to tell him that he wouldn't fit, that she was too little, that she was scared. But he had his tongue in her mouth, so the words came out all muffled and garbled. When she tried to move her head to the side, to get his tongue out of her mouth so he could hear what she was trying to say, he dropped down onto his elbow above her and put his hand on top of her head. The nine year old girl was so little compared to John that his hand completely covered her head, and he was so strong that he easily kept her head in place and kept his tongue in her mouth and she couldn't say anything. She couldn't say what she wanted to say.

At first, John was just sliding his cockhead up and down her slit. She was very slippery and wet inside her slit, and his big thick head slid easy inside her. Even though Aspen was scared, it felt nice, especially when his head rubbed up to her clitty. That made her legs shake! But Aspen knew what he wanted to do. He wasn't just going to use his cock to play with her clitty. No, he wasn't, and when he made her legs shake by rubbing against her clitty, he quickly moved his cockhead down to the tiny opening to her vagina. She knew he was going to push it in, and she knew it wouldn't fit. But there wasn't anything she could do to stop him.

When he tried to push into her tiny hole, she finally managed to move her had away and get his tongue out of her mouth. It almost seemed like he let her go. Maybe he knew that all she could do now was just let out a little painful moan and move her head to the side, so that her neighbor couldn't see that tears were rolling down her pretty cheeks.

He kissed her cheek. "It'll be okay, Aspen," he said. His voice sounded calm, soothing. "It'll feel good. You'll like it."

Aspen was pretty sure it wouldn't feel good, especially when he pushed in again, even harder. She definitely wasn't sure that she'd like it. But he made her feel a little better, with his soothing voice, and so even though she was crying because it hurt so much, she turned her head a little to look up at him, and she managed to give her neighbor a little smile.

He smiled back. "See?" he said. "I told you it would feel good, didn't I?"

Aspen nodded and smiled some more, even though it still hurt. John started pumping his hips and Aspen could feel his cock sliding in deeper, then pulling out and sliding in again. John was fucking her!

It turned out that John was right, at least partly; it didn't hurt so bad now, once he was inside her and moving in and out. It still hurt a little to have such a big thing stretching her open like he was, but she was surprised that he actually did seem to fit, at least sort of, and now the smile that she gave him was less forced. More genuine. And when he kissed her, she opened her mouth and let his tongue back in. It felt funny, to have his tongue deep in her mouth and his cock deep in her pussy. He was in her twice! At the same time! She liked that. It felt like he wanted to be inside all her parts at the same time. And then, she started to realize that John was right about another thing. She did like it! At least a little bit.

Her smile seemed to inspire him, and he laid down entirely on her and put both of his hands on top of her head. He was so much bigger than her, he was so big, and she was so tiny, that Aspen felt like she was being smothered underneath him. And he wasn't just moving his hips now, he was really moving them. Like, he was slamming his hips against hers, over and over, and he was grunting and then he was like, "Oh, fuck, Aspen! Oh my god!!"

And then the little nine year old felt it get all wet and warm inside her pussy, and she knew that John was cumming. He just kept slamming and slamming his hips against her, and he had his hands tight on her head and his body completely covering her, until finally he must have finished spurting his semen in her, because he started slowing down and then stopped, although his cock was still deep inside her and she could feel it twitching. She liked that. It felt funny.

After he finally climbed off of her, he lifted her up just like she was a little doll and carried her to the couch, and they sat down together, both of them still naked. John kissed her, and then he picked up the TV remote, and turned on a basketball game, and Aspen snuggled up to him while he watched the game. The little girl felt very close to her neighbor right then. She totally felt like she was his girlfriend and he was her boyfriend, and she forgot all about how it hurt when he put his cock in her, and how he didn't let her tell him that she wanted him to stop. She snuggled up and was really happy that they had sex. She felt glad that he didn't let her tell him that she wanted him to stop. She was glad he didn't stop!

While he watched the game on TV, Aspen saw that his cock was small now, and she liked the way it looked. She'd never really seen it this small before. It looked funny, like a happy little satisfied penis. She liked how she could look at it all she wanted. John was just watching his game, and she was snuggling against him, and she could look at his little cock all she wanted!

Aspen wanted to touch it. The little girl had only touched John's cock before when it was hard, and she wondered what it would feel like when it's so soft. At first, she felt a little too shy to touch it, but then she remembered that he was her boyfriend. Girlfriends get to touch their boyfriends, right? Just like John gets to touch her whenever he wants, she gets to touch him, too! So she reached a tentative little hand out and lifted his little cock with her thumb and her finger.

John looked at her and smiled, and she smiled up at him.

"It's so small now," Aspen said, looking back down at his cock again.

"He'll get hard again," John said.

Aspen knew enough about erections, her mom had told her some stuff, that she knew it would get hard again. "When you get turned on," she said.

"I'm always turned on, when I'm around you, Aspen," her neighbor said.

The nine year old looked up at him, beaming. "You are?"

He gave a gentle laugh. "Yes! You're the sexiest thing on Earth, Aspen."

Aspen beamed up at him some more. She knew that men thought she was sexy. The man at the mall sure thought she was sexy! But none of them mattered to her. The only man that mattered was John.

"I get turned on when I'm with you, too," she told him. It made her heart pound and her face get red to say that to him.

"Then we're perfect for each other!"

Aspen and John laughed together, and Aspen felt so happy. John always made her feel happy.

She still held his little penis between her thumb and finger, but she could feel it changing. She could feel it getting thicker. It excited her to imagine John getting an erection, right in her hand!

Then she realized what would be even more exciting! If it felt good when he was getting hard in her hand, imagine...

She didn't even finish the thought before she leaned down and took his cock into her mouth. Even though it had doubled in size since she first touched it, it was still small and she was able to fit the whole thing in her mouth, her lips around his base, her nose up against his balls.

It tasted funny. Different than it usually tastes. And for some reason, this taste sent a wave of excitement through her body. She wasn't the only one that was excited! John groaned, and the sound of her boyfriend's excitement made Aspen get all the more excited!

Just like she'd hoped would happen, she felt him swelling in her mouth and in a second, he was already too big to fit and she had to pull off. But she knew enough to keep his head in her mouth, and in another second it was as thick and huge as it had ever been.

Then Aspen recognized the funny taste. She realized that she was tasting herself on him! It was the taste of her pussy on his cock!

"Oooh," Aspen's neighbor moaned, "you sweet little slut!" He grabbed a fistful of her hair and pushed her back down, until she gagged on his cock, and then he pulled her off by the clump of hair he held, then pushed her down again until she started choking. He pulled her off again. and pushed her back down, hard, and Aspen choked and gagged, but he kept pushing down, his cock sliding right into her throat. Then he let go of her hair and she pulled off completely, still coughing as he grabbed her by the shoulders and lifted her up.

She looked up at him and wiped drool from her chin. "I want to fuck you again," Johh told her. Aspen was still sore down there, and wasn't at all sure she wanted him to fuck her again. "Put your little schoolgirl outfit back on," he said, pushing her off the couch. "I want to fuck you in your schoolgirl outfit."

Aspen did what he told her to do. Even though she wasn't sure she wanted him to fuck her again, she knew she needed to do what he told her to do, so that he wouldn't be mad at her. So she stumbled over to her clothes and pulled the little skirt on, then the blouse. She didn't button the blouse, or even tie it. She just let it hang off of her chest with her little nipples showing.

"Now, on my lap," he ordered her. "Sit on my cock."

As she climbed onto his lap, he held his cock up, so that when she sat down, it slid into her pussy.

"There you go, bitch." John leaned back, smiling. "Now fuck me."

And once again. Aspen did what she was told. She was a good girl. She always does what he tells her to do. So she started hopping up and down, feeling his cock go deeper and deeper as she did.

Aspen fucked her neighbor for the next five minutes, riding his cock while he reached his hands up and started pinching and pulling on her nipples. "Oh, jesus," he moaned. "You're such a tight little fuck!"

Aspen was smiling now. She liked this! She liked hopping up and down on his lap while his cock slid in and out of her. But eventually, he grabbed her by the hips and lifted her off.

"On the floor," he told her. "On your knees."

Aspen, little nine year old Aspen who always does what her neighbor tells her to do, climbed off of him and knelt on the floor, and her neighbor stood up in front of her and started rubbing his cock. A couple seconds later, he aimed it right at her face and started spurting his cum. He covered her face with it.

"Don't wipe it off," he told her when he was done. "Just stay right there." Then he grabbed his phone and took pictures of Aspen, wearing her schoolgirl outfit with the blouse undone, her pretty child-like face covered and dripping with his cum.



"You were at John's for a very long time," Aspen's mother said to her.

"Yes," was the little girl's uninformative reply.

"Did he like your outfit?" Her mom tried to smile as nicely as possible. She was very curious about what goes on between the two of them at John's house, but she could tell that the girl wasn't going to easily part with any details. This called for some strategy in the inquiry.

"Yes," Aspen answered. "He said I look 'hot.'"

Her mother nodded. "I'm sure he thinks you look very hot in that sexy little outfit." The mom giggled, and the girl joined in, although neither of them were very convincing.

"So what did you guys do?" she furthered her inquiry of her daughter.

"Do?" Aspen pretended not to understand.

"Yeah. You were there for so long, what did you do?"

"Watched TV," Aspen replied, quite truthfully. "There was a game on. John likes basketball."

"Fun! Do you like basketball?"

Aspen shrugged her shoulders noncommittally. "I like hanging out with John."

"Did you guys do anything else?"

"Yes, Mama," Aspen said, looking right at her mom. She started grinning. "First I gave him a blow job, and then he kissed my pussy, and then he fucked me."

"Oh really?" Aspen's mother laughed, and Aspen giggled. "Okay, I get the point," her mom said. "I'm being too nosey."

"Twice," Aspen said. "He fucked me twice."

Her mom laughed some more. "Okay, enough! I get the point!"

"Oh, and then," Aspen giggled some more. "he ejaculated on my face."

"Where do you get this stuff, Aspen?" her mom said, still laughing. "Are you watching porn on the internet?"

"John teaches me everything," her daughter answered, and she giggled some more.

Her mom giggled with her. "It's okay, Aspen, I trust John. I know he's good to you."

"He is, Mama."

"I'm sure he's a complete gentleman," she said, more to convince herself than to assure her daughter that she wasn't suspicious.

"He is!" Aspen responded. While the word "gentleman" is open to interpretation, one might conclude that this was really the first lie she told her mother that afternoon.

"Alright, I'll stop prying," her mom said. "So long as you promise to tell me if he does anything that you don't want."

Aspen sighed like a teenager again. I promise, Mama." And then the nine year old ran up the stairs.



Chapter Eight
The Shy Sapling


Aspen was feeling shy.

She was sitting on John's lap, and he was touching her. All over. He had one hand down her shorts, one hand up her shirt, and he was kissing her while his hand was working on her parts.

But Aspen was feeling shy. She wasn't feeling shy because John was touching her. Nope! John and Aspen had been doing this for months now, and she was totally used to him touching her. It was just normal, now.

Aspen was feeling shy because John's friend, Ryan, was sitting across the room, watching them. He was watching John run his hands all over her body.

John was excited when he told Aspen that his friend was coming over. "He's nice," John told her. "You'll like him."

Ryan did seem nice, and he was really cute. He was younger than John, too, although Aspen didn't really care about that.

"He's hard up," John told her. "I've been trying to get him to come over and meet you for a while now," he said, "but he had this girlfriend, and..."

"What's 'hard up' mean?" Aspen asked him. Aspen was ten years old now, and she knew lots more about sex than she did when John first started playing with her, but she didn't know everything. Not yet.

"It means he hasn't gotten any in a while," John answered.

"'Gotten any?'"

"Yeah," John continued his explanation, "you know, sex. He hasn't gotten any sex in a while, because his bitch of a girlfriend left him, and..."

"And..." Aspen felt nervous. "...you want me to have sex with him?"

"I want you to be nice to him."

Aspen felt a little confused. She was always nice to everyone! But what did that have to do with sex?

John kept talking, though. "I'm not sure he's gonna want to fuck you. I haven't actually told him yet that you put out."

"Put out?" Another phrase that Aspen didn't know.

But John kept going. "But he knows you're sexy as hell and that you give fantastic head."

That made Aspen feel a little proud. She loved that John bragged to his friends about how sexy she was, and that he told them that she gave fantastic head. She also felt less nervous. She could be sexy for Ryan, and give him a blow job, that'd be easy! She knew she could even have sex with him, if John wanted her to. But that made her nervous because she didn't feel like she knew much about sex and having sex with a stranger seemed like a big deal to her. Even if he was John's friend.

But she did like the idea that this guy Ryan was "hard up." That made her smile. Men are so funny, how they need sex so badly! John needs sex, all the time, that's for sure!

"But," John kept going, "I want you to do whatever Ryan wants to do."

Aspen nodded.

"I want you to be nice to him."

Aspen kind of understood what John meant by "nice" now. He meant that she should let Ryan do whatever he wants to her. So, "I'll be nice to him," she promised.

And now, Ryan was with them, and he was watching while John and Aspen kissed and John ran his hands all over her body. Aspen felt funny, knowing that someone was watching. She was too shy and nervous to actually look at Ryan, but she could feel his eyes on her.

She felt like John was showing her off to his friend. Showing off what a good girl she was, and how he had taught her to let him touch her. John could touch her everywhere, any part of her, and she would sit there and let him. And he was showing her off!

Aspen decided that she liked how John wanted to show her off, so, when he moved his hands to the top of her head and started pushing her down, and she knew from lots of experience that this meant he wanted a blow job now, she didn't care anymore that his friend was watching. John wanted to show off how good she was at giving head, and she liked that he wanted to show her off, so she slid off his lap onto the floor between his legs and unbuckled his pants, and a couple seconds later she had his cock in her mouth and she was sucking on his head while his friend Ryan watched.

John didn't have to tell her what he wanted her to do anymore, like he used do when she was just a little nine year old. She was a big ten year old now, and Aspen knew exactly what John liked. So she bobbed her head on his cock and rubbed him and played with his balls. She wanted his friend to know that she was good at giving blow jobs. John wanted to show her off to Ryan, so she wanted to show off, too!

"I told you," John said, "the bitch is good, huh?"

"Fuckin' a," Aspen heard John's friend kinda answer.

"And you'll swallow ever drop, won't you, bitch?" John said down to her. She pulled off his cock long enough to nod and say "Uh huh!" and then went right back to work.

John petted her hair. "Yeah, you're a good slut," he said. "And when you're done with me, you'll suck Ryan's cock too, right, little bitch?"

Aspen thought it was funny that John kept calling her a "slut" and a "bitch." She could tell that he wanted Ryan to know that he could call her anything he wanted, and she wouldn't mind!

She pulled off again and answered him, "Uh huh!" She looked up at John, smiling and rubbing his cock, and then she got really brave and looked over at Ryan, and smiled at him, too.

Ryan smiled back. He looked excited. He looked "hard up!"

"Alright, bitch," John said. He leaned back on the couch and put his hands behind his head. "Finish me up."

She nodded, and took his cock back in her mouth. Aspen had gotten pretty good at giving him head by now, but it still took her a while to finish him up. He just leaned back and let her do her thing, and Ryan sat there watching, and finally she heard John groan and she felt him swelling in her hand and he started spurting his cum into her mouth.

She looked up at him, smiling and feeling very proud that she'd finished him up right in front of his friend.

John put his thumb on her chin and pulled it down, opening her mouth so that he could see his cum, then he turned her head so that Ryan could see it, too.

"Show Ryan how you swallow," he said.

Aspen felt a little bit silly by how much John wanted to show her off, and by having this man she didn't even know watching her do all this stuff. So she turned back to look at John again when she swallowed.

"That's a good girl," John said. Aspen smiled. She liked being a good girl for John and liked that he liked to show her off, even if it made her feel silly.

John stood up and helped Aspen to her feet. "Now, I think Ryan would like to see you naked," he said. Aspen looked up at her neighbor, wide-eyed. "I've got some work I need to get done, so you take your clothes off for Ryan while I'm gone. Dance for him like a good stripper, Aspen."

Aspen nodded, though uncertainly. She didn't want John to leave her alone with a stranger, even if he was John's friend.

"And you be nice to him, too," he admonished her.

She nodded again. She knew by now what John meant by "be nice to him."

Aspen felt very shy, after John left the room. She knew she was supposed to take her clothes off now, but she felt very shy about it. She was totally used to being naked for John, but it was different with another man, a man she didn't even know, and all alone with him, too.

But Ryan smiled very nice at her and said, "You're very beautiful, Aspen."

That made her feel a little better. "Thank you," she said.

"You're very sexy."

"Thanks!" she said. It was funny, because hearing him say she was sexy made her feel sexy! It made her feel less shy. So she started dancing a little and pulled her shirt off. It was a little embarrassing, how Ryan was just staring at her, but she unbuttoned her shorts and pulled them down, and then peeled her panties off, and she was naked. Then she just stood in front of him, dancing a little bit and letting him stare, because she knew that's what John would want her to do.

"Come over her now, sweetie," he said. He patted his leg. "Sit on my lap."

Naked little ten year old Aspen felt shy again, and hesitated, but then she remembered that John would get mad at her if she wasn't nice to his friend, so she walked over to Ryan, and climbed onto his lap.

He kissed her cheek, and smiled at her, and then started touching her. He played with her nipples, and even though she was ten now, her nipples were still completely flat against her chest, but Ryan didn't seem to mind. He petted and teased her nipples anyway, even though they were flat and little, and it felt really nice for Aspen. She liked the way Ryan touched her nipples. She was feeling less shy.

Then the man put a hand down between her legs, and she opened her legs so that he could touch her pussy. He rubbed her there for a little while. Aspen liked the way he touched her pussy, too, and she'd almost decided that she would have sex with him if he wanted. But then he said,

"Would you like to give me a blow job, sweetie?"

Aspen nodded. He sounded very nice and gentle when he asked her, like he wouldn't even be mad if she said no. But Aspen knew that John would be mad if she said no, and besides, she wouldn't say no anyway. She liked giving blow jobs! She was good at it, John even said so! And she knew John wanted to show her off to his friends, to show off how nice she is and how good she is. So she nodded, yes, she would like to give him a blow job.

"Good" he said. "I'd really like to get a blow job now."

"Okay," she said. And little naked ten year old Aspen climbed off of her neighbor's friend's lap and got down on her knees in front of him. By the time she got there, he'd already pulled his pants and underwear down.

Aspen had never seen another grown up cock before. Not in person, anyway. Not right in front of her face like this. The only one she'd ever seen like this before was John's.

Aspen didn't really know what to expect. She just figured that all cocks were like John's, but Ryan's was way different! He had an erection, of course, she expected that, but his was lots shorter than John's, and even though it was kinda fat at the base, it got skinnier and his head was really a lot smaller than John's and had a funny roll of skin covering half of it. But right before she leaned in to suck it, Ryan reached down and pulled the skin back and his head popped out! Now it looked more like John's, just smaller. Aspen didn't even have to open her mouth as wide as she does for John to get his head in, and she liked that.

He tasted funny, though. Not like John. Different. She didn't really mind the taste, it was just different. Because the top part was skinnier than John's, and it was shorter, she was able to go a lot further down. She had half his cock in her mouth! There was hardly room for her little hand to rub him!

Ryan had his eyes closed and he was moaning, and Aspen knew John was right, he was really "hard up!" So she did her best, she was a good girl and she did her best to make John's "hard up" friend feel good. It was easy! He was obviously feeling really good! And he was very appreciative. He kept calling her "sweet," over and over. "You're so sweet, Aspen," he kept saying. "You're a sweet girl!" She was looking up at him, like John had taught her to do, but most of the time he had his eyes closed.

"Look at you two," Aspen heard John's walk into the room. "Enjoying yourselves?" She pulled off, and Ryan groaned, "Oh, fuck!" and she looked over her shoulder at her neighbor, who was smiling as he watched her. He was proud!

"Yes we are!" she said. Then she went back to Ryan's cock, and he moaned some more.

John walked over to them and he knelt behind Aspen and he put his hands on her hips. He lifted her butt up into the air, and Aspen heard him unzip his pants, the next thing she knew, he was pushing his cock into her pussy. John was gonna fuck her, right there! Right in front of his friend while Aspen sucked his friend's cock!

Aspen couldn't believe he was doing this. It made her feel embarrassed, to be fucked right in front of Ryan.

But she also felt excited. She knew John wanted to show her off. He wanted to show off how she always let him fuck her, no matter what! And that made her excited. John pushed his cock in, and it felt really, really good to have John in her pussy while she had his friend's cock in her mouth. But was hard for little Aspen to concentrate, because John's cock felt so nice, stretching her all wide open, and he was fucking her really hard. He was holding tight to her hips and slamming his hips against her, and Ryan kept slipping out of her mouth. This was hard for the little ten year old!

But she did her best, and Ryan didn't seem to care. John had hardly been fucking Aspen more than a minute when she felt Ryan's cock throbbing in her hand, and she knew that he was going to cum, so she made sure she kept it in her mouth now and he started spurting.

His cum tasted really weird! Nothing like John's at all, and she didn't like the taste of it. And he just kept spurting. He must have been really, really hard up, because he came a whole lot!

When Ryan was all done cumming, John pulled his cock out of Aspen's pussy and turned her around so that she was facing him. He stood up and started rubbing his cock and about one second later he started spurting, too.

And naked little ten year old Aspen, with her mouth still full of Ryan's cum, had her face covered with John's, too.



[If you like this story--or if you don't like it!--please drop me an email to let me know what you think at chrishailey01@protonmail.com. Also, visit my story site at www.asstr.org/~Chris_Hailey. Thanks!]
