Cam has no idea what time it was when he finally went to sleep. He's not sure what time it is when he wakes up either, he just knows that there is light coming in through the windows and the air smells like spice and sweetness, something vaguely familiar. His mind is fast and sharp, analyzing his surroundings before his eyes are even open. Strange bed, hands on him, but it isn't aggressive. It's familiar, intimate but not blatantly sexual.

Vala.

Vala moves her hands firmly on Cam's back. She's seen bruises like that before and she knows its going to take a long time and a lot of ointment to get them to a point the won't be sore and aching for him. She tips the jar and pours another puddle of the golden liquid into her hands before running them down his body once more, paying attention to his limbs this time.

He buries his face in the pillow, relaxing again once he determines that it's her, he's in her bedroom. It's still early, he can tell that by the burning in his eyes at lack of sleep, but it's the best reason for exhaustion he can remember having in a while. Even with that, his body has an undercurrent of reaction, of tension sated. He knows they had sex - the soreness in other parts of him makes that obvious, and he can smell it on the sheets, in the air.

He's not sure what prompted the back rub, but it's nice. Her fingers are strong and capable, moving carefully over tender spots and more firmly over uninjured ones.

She wraps her fingers around his sides and makes sure to get everywhere, all over the bruises that are beginning to form along his body. She doesn't even flinch or bat an eye at his scars from his injury, in her time? She's seen far worse.

"Guy could get used to this," Cam says, voice rough from sleep (and lack of sleep) and rumbling against the pillow, though there's a smile lurking in it.

"Good morning," Vala says, smiling and rubbing an especially hard knot in his back. "I figured you'd need to be up early to get to that base and do top secret confidential things that deal with radio telemetry." She grins to herself where he can't see because its so easy to see that what he says about his job is a lie. And she should know, she made her life on lies, it takes a liar to recognise one.

"Radio telemetry.... serious stuff..." He mumbles it, trying not to laugh, because she's right. Having seen the shape he's in, there's no way he can expect her to buy it.

Vala quirks her lips and finishes with his back before sitting up off of him. "Turn over," she commands softly, helping to roll him over. "You are nothing but a bunch of mottled bruises." She diplomatically doesn't say anything about his telescopes tackling him onto the concrete or anything. Her curiosity is piqued but she is going to take her time finding out what it is that Cam Mitchell is hiding with his thin veneer of lies.

"Don't hurt as much as I thought they would, though," he says as he turns onto his back. He's not that bashful - she's seen him naked already, and she's not wearing anything herself. Speaking of... he looks her over, admiring the view. The reaction is quick and unquestionable as he starts to get hard.

Vala notices his cock growing half hard as it lays almost innocently on his stomach. She tsks softly but just leans forward, her breasts swinging heavy and low on her chest as she moves to cover the rest of his bruises with her oils.

He sinks his teeth into his bottom lip and just watches her. Her nipples brush over his skin and he can feel that they're stiff, that she isn't as unaffected as she acts. He wishes he could see a clock from here, or were at least still wearing his watch, but then again... he's afraid it would be time for him to leave already.

Vala takes her time, running her hands slowly over the bruises and making sure to work the oil in deeply. She bites down on her bottom lip as her eyes flick down lower, watching as his cock grows thicker and begins to drool slightly.

He keeps his hands down on the bed, resisting the urge to reach for her. He likes that unpredictable gleam in her eye... and he likes what she's doing, just moving naturally, touching him all over. He's got some reserves built up now - it's morning, fresh start, brand new day, and he likes the start he's getting to it.

"You're going to have to leave soon if you want to be able to have something to eat before you go," Vala says quietly, finishing with the oil and letting her hands slide up his body to catch her just inches from his face. "Good thing there is a nice big diner downstairs, hm?"

His disappointment is obvious, the idea that they might not have time for anything.... more. He reaches out for her finally, sinks his fingers into her hair and pulls her down for a kiss without bothering to respond to anything she's said.

Vala goes where she's pulled, resting her body fully against Cam's as she responds and kisses him slowly. "How fast can you be?" She pants as her lips slide past his.

He laughs. "Oh honey, that's a question every guy wants to hear... "

He rolls her over, pinning her under him and kissing her again while his cock rubs between her legs. He remembers where she got the condom from last night, and reaches over to yank the drawer open, digging around inside until his fingers land on a foil packet.

She reaches up, her hand touching his as she plucks the condom from his fingers. Smiling, she rips it open and slides it down on him as quickly as she knows how.

Wrapping a long leg around his waist, Vala encourages him on, wanting him inside her one last time before he left for the day.

He guides himself into her, groaning out her name at how good it feels. Fast - she said fast - and she's right, he needs to be leaving, doesn't need to be too late making it to the base. (Even though Lam told him 24 hours down time... he's realized that SG-1 never listens to orders like that.) He can do fast. He kisses her while his hips move, thrusting into her, finding the angle that makes her gasp and working it ruthlessly.

Vala groans, hips jerking and riding back on him as she squeezes around his cock, trying to milk him for all he's worth.

"Cam," she whimpers, her lips slipping on his. "Good, so good." She chuckles low in her throat before kissing him back.

He slides his hand along her thigh and hitches it up until she's got both legs around his waist. He plants his hands on the bed beside her for leverage and thrusts harder, the headboard tapping steadily against the wall. He can feel sweat on his forehead, and dampness from her slicking alongside his thighs, where he's inside of her.

Her breathing grows faster and harder as she works to keep up with him, feeling herself grow closer to the edge. "Almost there?" She asks, breathing him in.

He doesn't try to hold back, nodding, his movements increasingly uncontrolled, less practiced and more primal. "Yeah... close... you?"

She nods. "Very close, almost there," she pants reaching down to stroke her clit.

He lets her get herself off this time - he's too close, right there, knows he wouldn't be able to concentrate on her. He presses his face to hers, his mouth against her cheek, and comes with a long groan, expression screwed up into something that would probably embarrass him if someone recorded it and played it back.

Vala pants and pushes her hips up into his as she cries out, coming herself. "Fuck," she whispers once she can finally breathe again. She turns her head to the side, catching the clock out of the corner of her eye. "Fuck, going to be late," she sighs and flomps back on the bed. She really hates this whole working at set times thing.

He kisses her neck, shifting to the side and rubbing his hand over her stomach, letting it rest there. His forehead drops against her shoulder and he catches his breath. "You have somewhere I can shower here?"

He could shower on base, but then he'd have to walk all the way through smelling like - well, like he smells now, like sex. With his luck, he'd run into a dozen people, General Landry included, on his way there.

"Yeah, I have a shower," Vala answers, kissing his shoulder. She nods to her left, towards the door that's slightly ajar. "Go on, you have further to go than I do."

He stands up, turning away from her slightly to deal with the condom before he bends over and starts grabbing at the clothes they'd flung everywhere.

Vala tilts her head to the side, enjoying her view before she reaches out and smacks Cam right on the ass.

He yelps, reaching a hand around to rub at the stinging spot, but when he sees the look on her face - wide eyes attempting innocence, mouth curved into a sweet smile - he has to laugh. He shakes his head at her and finishes grabbing his clothes, heading into the bathroom.

Her shampoo and body wash smell girly, so he settles for a quick scrub. He'd rather smell like sandalwood than a whorehouse, anyway.

Vala falls back in the bed and smiles, stretching. Today is going to be a long and tiring day, she'll be feeling sore all over her body if she's not careful.

Grabbing the oil, she uses some on herself, making sure to pay close attention to her thighs and lower back, any set of muscles she's sure she hasn't used in awhile.

He steps out of the bathroom dressed, towel in his hand because he isn't sure where she puts it... but the sight of her on the bed oiling herself up stops him cold. He actually drops the towel and just stares. She's rubbing her thighs, legs spread with one bent, and he can see a nice teasing glimpse of her pussy, just a suggestive little hint, "You keep doing that and I'm not gonna be able to leave at all, you know that?"

She turns her head and grins at him. "Maybe that was the idea Cameron Mitchell," she teases, sticking her tongue out at him. Slowly, she stands, her skin shining where it hits the light coming in from the window.

Bending over, she opens her drawer and pulls out her underwear and a garter. She may have to wear a cheesy diner waitress uniform on the outside but she likes to play up her fun side underneath.

He walks over to her and takes the garter from her, letting her slide on the underwear then crowding her over to the bed and nudging down on her shoulders until she sits. He gives her a smirk and drops to his knees, lifting her right leg up so her foot is propped on his thigh. He slides the garter up her leg until it's in the right spot and lets it snap against her skin.

Vala chuckles and lifts her left leg so that he can snap the belt onto that side as well. "Going to pull the stockings up to colonel?" She asks, pointing to the stockings that are falling out of the drawer. Normally she prefers to just go bare legged but its beginning to get cooler in Colorado and it feels good to have something covering her legs.

The clock catches his eye. "I think my time's up, princess. Gotta get going before I turn into a pumpkin."

He gets to his feet, then looks at her for a second, reaching down for her hand. She stands up and he kisses her, cupping her cheek. "When can I see you again?"

It's spoken softly, almost an admission of sorts, that he wants this to go on past one night. He's not sure if that's what she has in mind or not, that's the worrying part.

"Well, you know where to find me," Vala says, her fingers curling around his hand. She gives him a slow smile. "And when I'm not there, well, I'm here. Or smuggling in gold treasure, either one."

"That's not exactly what I meant," he rolls his eyes at her, but tempers it with a smile. "Maybe this one will be harder to evade: when do you want to see me again?"

"Does dinner work for you?" She asks, grinning and leaning forward to kiss him. "You can tell me all about your fun day with telescopes and I can tell you how annoying customers can be and you can have leftovers. Almost like a date."

"Dinner is perfect." He rubs his thumb along her jawline, resting it just underneath her ear and rubbing before he steps away. "I'll see you tonight, Vala."

*

Cam gets a nice lecture from Dr. Lam on overworking himself when he shows up on base. She runs into him in the hallway and drags him down to her office so she can give him a once over, coolly dismissing his protests. It really doesn't hurt that much, and though there's certainly still bruising she can't argue once she's seen the proof for herself.

Once he escapes her clutches, he spends the rest of the day doing what he's quickly finding out is the down side to this job: reports. They had quite a busy few days, and people in Washington want to know exactly what they were out there doing. Jackson, Teal'c - they're used to being above the system. Meaning, they all turn to him to do pesky stuff like paperwork.

He's glad when the day comes to an end with no disasters impending. It's almost eight, but he has a feeling that dinner date won't really come into effect until the diner is closing (or close to) anyway so he doesn't rush. He wants no loose ends, he wants no midnight phone calls. Maybe he wants a lot, but he's got that jittery infatuation thing going, that nice moment when you meet someone you really like and it just might turn out they like you back, and he's gonna chase it until he hits a dead end.

*

Vala is buzzing as she cleans a table, humming to herself and lost in her own little world. Last night was good, Cam was good, the sex was good, everything about it was good. Nothing made Vala happier than a good romp in the sack and she had been sadly lacking a partner since Texas.

However now, it seems that she had found someone willing to play along in her bed with her.

Grinning to herself, she walked right past Betty and Sarah, not even hearing their whispers.

The dinner rush is a rush as it always is. Vala has to work to concentrate, keep her mind focused on her tables and not wandering off to think of what Cam might be doing on base or what all those bruises might have come from.

He's interesting, in many ways. He's nice, good, has an interesting sense of humour and a quick smile but there is something else too. There seems to be more to him than most of the humans she's run across on this planet and it intrigues her. She wants to know what it is that makes her feel this way around him.

Though for right now, with Sal yelling her name and a table demanding their food, she has more demanding tasks at hand.

*

Cam has the same problem, and of course the more he tries to focus on work and not Vala, the more he can't keep his thoughts away from her.

Only, those thoughts - they're sort of blurry. He has this feeling that he started off the day remembering more than he does now, sort of like a dream that escapes you as times goes by. He knows they had sex, and he remembers things - flashes, glimpses, feelings more than fully formed memories. He remembers her laughter, and kissing her in the diner, and going upstairs - those are crystal clear. He remembers something... some sort of scent... and her hands on him...

He shifts in his chair. Even unable to actually grasp the memories, he's still effected by the ghost sensations. The clock tells him that if he leaves now he should make it to the diner just as the dinner rush is over, so he's gathering his stuff when there's a knock on the door.

"Mitchell, hi, uh, just wanted to let you know, Teal'c and I are going for a beer, if you want to join," Jackson says. He's standing there awkwardly, like a kid whose parent told him he had to invite everyone in the class to his birthday party, and Cam doesn't feel the least bit bad about blowing it off.

"Sorry, man, I'm still wrung out after yesterday. I'm just gonna go home and crash." The lie rolls off of his tongue easily, along with a smile.

Jackson seems, if anything, relieved. "See you tomorrow."

"Yeah, tomorrow," Cam reaches out and clicks his computer mouse, shutting the machine down and heading for the lockers so he can change into civvies.