My favourite upskirt

It was a Friday night a week before Christmas and with strong breezes predicted and lots of scantily ladies bound to be out, I hit the town. I'd watched a couple of girls struggling with floaty skirts but most had successfully clung on. 

A snowstorm was clearly brewing up, the cool air became very still and a few flakes of snow started to fall. Gradually, the flakes got bigger and the breeze strengthened again. I noticed the girl stood in a doorway of a nightclub chatting to a friend. She had a black strappy top on and a plaid denim miniskirt. The design of it meant that whilst it COULD flare out, it would need a subway grate or leaf blower shoved up her arse to move it. 

One of the biggest turn-ons in this situation is sheer unexpectedness of being upskirted. You can tell the ones who realise their mistake early on and spend the rest of the day/night holding on to, smoothing down or resting their *a**a* against their skirt. She didn't seem to be doing any of this, she just stood in the doorway with the strong breeze having little affect on the skirt. It was barely an inch below her arse. I'm not sure why, but the two girls walked away from the club entrance together, possibly to another bar. What happened next I hear you ask? 

The girls walked up towards a T-junction in the road. The snow wasn't actually falling, it was just swirling around. It actually seemed as if an updraft was blowing flakes back up into the sky - I'm sure its an image we've all seen - anyway, seeing her walk towards this updraft made me wonder just what would happen to that skirt! 

The wind suddenly strengthened as she stepped into its path. Im sure the snow blowing around her face didn't help her either. With no warning, the whole of her skirt was simply catapulted up to her chest! It was almost like a funhouse airgrate, if she'd been wearing a knee-length skirt, it would have ended up round her ears, so strong was the gust. 

Not only was the back up, showing everyone her thonged arse, but it was up at the front and sides as well - basically a 360 degree view for everyone. If fact, such was the height her skirt had blown, a centimetre or so of flesh could be seen ABOVE the black Thong. One problem these days is that a small flash of bare butt-cheeks doesn't always confirm the colour (or existance) of a Thong - there was no doubt here! 

After a split-second of sheer disbelief, she squealled and grabbed the front of her skirt, the problem being that the wind had now pinned the back of it to her, keeping her arse on display for a good 10 seconds. Realised there was no other way out, she slumped to the ground by a wall, still being bufferted by the wind but with her friend helping her hold the skirt in place. The two of them giggled and screamed there on the ground for about a minute or so, before she got to her feet and walked on with both hands virtually pinning the skirt down just in case..... 

I rate this as my favoutite upskirt of all time, not least because of the sheer embarrassment of it all. Reaction is all important to me - Having a skirt blow up in the wind is a bit like a practical joke to me - the best people are shocked at first, very red faced, but have the ability to laugh it off.





On the subject of women wearing skirts with no knickers, remins me of a time on Eastbourne Pier one Saturday morning a few summers ago. I was standing looking back towards the town above the bar and night club entrances when a young girl in her mid twenties wearing a floral wrapover short skirt and a white blouse was walking towards where I was standing with her boyfriend. As she walked towards me, I don't think she realised it was windier at the end of the pier becuse the wrapover part of her skirt blew open first of all to show she was not wearing any knickers and had a shaven pussy. Then about 10 seconds later the rest of the skirt blew up to give a full 360 degree view. Her skirt was like this for about 30 seconds until she casually pulled her skirt back down as if she did not mind the world to see her pussy.





The following true incident must surely rank high among the longest duration exposures, as it concerned a display lasting a good 10 minutes - unless anyone knows better! 

It took place at Porthtowan, a little seaside resort in Cornwall where my wife and I used to go on holiday. It is a snall sandy cove with low cliffs on either side. The access is via a longishlane down the valley and any people were given to taking a short cut by climbing down the cliffs. 

My wife and I were on the beach one day when a young couple appeared at the top of one of the cliffs, obviously planning to climb down. The girl, in her early 20's was nervous and reluctant to start down the cliff. She was wearing a light cotton dress that came down to just above her knees. Boyfriend went first and told her to follow him but to hold on tight. He sat off and the girl follwed a minute or two later. As soon as she lowered herself over the edge though, the wind took control of the situation. This was no playful breeze content with flipping away at the hem of the girl's skirt! It was a grim, determined wind that was intent on having her knickers fully exposed! Within seconds her skirt was totally inverted so that everything from her waist down was fully visible. 
She was wearing white cotton knickers with narrow strips of elasticated lace around the legs and waist. The knickers were quite tight, exposing the lower edges of her bum cheeks and outlining every curve and crevice of her bottom! She screamed to attract the attention of boyfriend a few feet below and succeeded in also gaining the attention of almost everyone on the beach. I heard boyfriend say to her, "Whatever you do don't let go and just follow me!" 

They started on their tortuous way. The girl's dress had no belt and before long it had blown up above her waist to the extent that she was almost showing her bra. The skirt covered her face so that she could only look up to concentrate on finding hand holds. 
The cliff was about 50 feet high and it must have taken the girl a good 10 minutes to reach the bottom and step onto a rock. She turned to face the beach, momentorily too shocked to worry about her skirt thereby showing the whole of the front of her knickers to the watching crowd as well. 

When she had gathered herself together I could see that her face was bright red with embarrassment.




One on my favourite subjects too, surprised there are not many tales here - many more on the similar forum under "fashion". Anyway here's a couple of mine, they both take place in the same street near where I work. One day leaving work I noticed a teenage/early twenties girl in a short black skirt with her boyfriend. The wind was flicking it up a bit, so I thought I'd follow her - rather than go to my car and drive home. I followed her for at least 15 minutes, and every now and then her skirt would blow up to reveal the full view of her lovely bottom clad in a black Thong. She never bothered to hold it down either. The other time I was walking behind a group of women from work, one of whom was wearing a shortish polka dot skirt. There's a building along this street which creates strong draughts, and as she approached this building her skirt started to blow. "Please, please" I was saying to myself, then suddenly - jackpot - it blew right up to reveal not only cream coloured knickers but as a bonus, she was wearing hold-ups, not tights. Excellent! I couldn't help myself from saying "yes" out loud, and I'm sure her friend heard.



several years ago i had the unexpected timing of seeing what I still consider a great view of a beautiful female. She worked in the purchasing department of the same company as I. ALWAYS dressed up and had a 20 year old figure that wouldn't stop. 

One windy day she was pushing a medium sized cart with reports on it across a large open area between buildings. As she was going up a slight incline she had to give things a bit of effort - as well as have a hand on top of the paperwork. 
I was enjoying the day for a brief moment and happen to be sitting in the area and noticed her immediately. Who wouldn't. In a split second a large gust of wind came across the open area and lifted up her pleated skirt to up under her arms. Just like someone had placed an air hose underneath. 

...I got one of the greatest views of her pantyhosed body one could ever ask for. She was NOT wearing any knickers - so it was a full on nude view of her pantyhosed legs, waist and pubic patch. WOW 

In her predicament nothing she could really do at that moment. It must have lasted all of 2-3 seconds. 

It's one of those times when you wonder just how did you get so lucky to have something like that occur. 

I was pleased to relay the story minutes later to my buddies inside - who were quite jealous. I can see it now, like it was yesterday.



Okay, in 8th grade, I was known as the prettiest girl in school. I won the awards for best dressed, best peronaility, most likely to succed, most poise, and prettiest. Well, i was very popular, but my parents decided we just had to move! 
I moved from Californa to Pennsylvania, so the weather was very different. 

In PA, it was fall, n the weather was about lows 60s. but, i hadn't gone shopping yet, so all i had was summer clothes that i would've worn in CA. So, on my first day of school in PA, i wore a light pink ribbed juicy ((designer)) tanktop and a hott pink very very short frilly mini skirt. Click here to email this Embarrassing Story to your friends! 

like always, i wore a pink Thong, not to be slutty, just because I hate it when the pantie line shows through. It never made a difference in CA when I literally always wore thongs because everyone in my school did. I guess it's different in PA. 

It was really cold because I was dressed in summer clothes, but o well. Right when I walked into school, I had to go to the princiapls office because I was a new kid. He told me all the information about, like, where my classes are and stuff, and then, as I was about to leave, he told me about the school dress code, like how everything, from shorts to skirts had to be bellow your knees and tanktops had to be at least three fingers wide (mine was spagetti string-less then one finger). He said it was fine for today, but I had to go shopping for new clothe after school. I said okay and left. I walked into my Socail Studies class and sat down, with EVERY SINGLE KID IN THE ROOM STARING AT ME. The teacher introduced me, and then i went on with the lesson being taught. All the guys were looking at me, so when the teacher weren't looking, i got up, and bent down to get my pencil, flashing my ass because i was wearing a Thong and when you bend down, because my skirt was so short, you could see the triangle of the Thong and the bottoms of my ass. i could tell that every guy was getting horny and every girl was getting jealous. 

At recess, yes, there was recess, which is pretty weird to me, it was really windy. i wasn't used to these winds because it doesnt really get that windy in CA, so i had to try extra hard to hold my skirt down. 

One of the jealous girls, wearing really ugly sweat pants, threw a football write at my face, I guess trying to make my face uglyer so they would get their guys back. Little did she know that I was and still am an excellent athlete, so i just caught the ball. But when I caught it, obviously, I had to lift my hands up. So, but skirt blew all the way up. All differnt jelous girls came up begind me and pulled my skirt up off my head and ran away with it to I don't know where. The girls and guys stood there in amazement like they never saw a Thong/gstring (whatever you want to call it) before. I heard comments from the girls like : 

"Eww, that's disgusting!" 
"it's like knickers giving you a really bad wedgie" 
"I saw one of those at Victorias Secret" 
"That's the whore store!" 

So I spent the rest of recess in a Thong and tanktop, all alone. It was so embarrassing. and, girls came up to me and pulled up the triangly, which hurt really bad! For the rest of the year, I wasn't Miss Pretty + Popular like I was in CA, I was known as "the slut that shopped at the Whore Store".





It was a Friday night a week before Christmas and with strong breezes predicted and lots of scantily ladies bound to be out, I hit the town. I'd watched a couple of girls struggling with floaty skirts but most had successfully clung on. 

A snowstorm was clearly brewing up, the cool air became very still and a few flakes of snow started to fall. Gradually, the flakes got bigger and the breeze strengthened again. I noticed the girl stood in a doorway of a nightclub chatting to a friend. She had a black strappy top on and a plaid denim miniskirt. The design of it meant that whilst it COULD flare out, it would need a subway grate or leaf blower shoved up her arse to move it. 

One of the biggest turn-ons in this situation is sheer unexpectedness of being upskirted. You can tell the ones who realise their mistake early on and spend the rest of the day/night holding on to, smoothing down or resting their *a**a* against their skirt. She didn't seem to be doing any of this, she just stood in the doorway with the strong breeze having little affect on the skirt. It was barely an inch below her arse. I'm not sure why, but the two girls walked away from the club entrance together, possibly to another bar. What happened next I hear you ask? 

The girls walked up towards a T-junction in the road. The snow wasn't actually falling, it was just swirling around. It actually seemed as if an updraft was blowing flakes back up into the sky - I'm sure its an image we've all seen - anyway, seeing her walk towards this updraft made me wonder just what would happen to that skirt! 

The wind suddenly strengthened as she stepped into its path. Im sure the snow blowing around her face didn't help her either. With no warning, the whole of her skirt was simply catapulted up to her chest! It was almost like a funhouse airgrate, if she'd been wearing a knee-length skirt, it would have ended up round her ears, so strong was the gust. 

Not only was the back up, showing everyone her thonged arse, but it was up at the front and sides as well - basically a 360 degree view for everyone. If fact, such was the height her skirt had blown, a centimetre or so of flesh could be seen ABOVE the black Thong. One problem these days is that a small flash of bare butt-cheeks doesn't always confirm the colour (or existance) of a Thong - there was no doubt here! 

After a split-second of sheer disbelief, she squealled and grabbed the front of her skirt, the problem being that the wind had now pinned the back of it to her, keeping her arse on display for a good 10 seconds. Realised there was no other way out, she slumped to the ground by a wall, still being bufferted by the wind but with her friend helping her hold the skirt in place. The two of them giggled and screamed there on the ground for about a minute or so, before she got to her feet and walked on with both hands virtually pinning the skirt down just in case..... 

I rate this as my favoutite upskirt of all time, not least because of the sheer embarrassment of it all. Reaction is all important to me - Having a skirt blow up in the wind is a bit like a practical joke to me - the best people are shocked at first, very red faced, but have the ability to laugh it off.


Got another one for you! 

Two Girls, one in a little black dress, the other in a black plaid skirt. They were walking to a restaurant with their boyfriends with the wind teasing the backs of their skirts. One turned to her boyfriend and said 'Hey you, you gave us bad directions, we've had to walk over a mile and we've got these skirts on!' 

Skirtgirl seemed more concerned about exposure than dressgirl, although both got a simultanious blowing at one point and yes, they had matching black thongs on! They walked on, with the odd sighting but then the wind dropped and they went inside. 

Couple of points to note: 

1. The dress was longer than the skirt, but blew up higher and more times (approx 5 compared to 2) 

2. The wind was unpredictable, the two girls could be walking just a couple of feet apart, yet only on one occasion did BOTH skirts go up together - once to catch skirtgirl, the other 4 times on dressgirl. Basically girls, you just don't know when that wind's gonna strike!



Girl and her boyfriend suddenly caught in a downpour. Her pleated white skirt was totally inappropraite for the conditions and blew up repeatedly, she had tights on with flesh-coloured briefs - a Thong would have been better (with bare legs) but you can't have evrything! 

2. Was wandering through the pub car park following a girl who worked in one of the bars - her hands full of crates of beer bottles when the wind suddenly lifted her black skirt exposing a very pretty pink Thong. The problem was that, with her hands full of crates, she didn't have a spare hand to hold down her skirt. After some indecision she finally made a quick dash for her back office with her skirt still around her waist and dumped the crates by the door. A bit late as the wind had died down and her skirt had fallen to a reasonable level. She was probably exposed for about five seconds but it probably felt a lot longer to her. Then to add insult to embarassment, as she dumped her last crate and walked back through the alley-way to the front entrance, the wind got under her skirt 
and lifted it again. By this time she seemed to be so used to it that 
she didn't even bother rushing to pull it down again. 

3. Blond aged approx 20 with great arse, brought a burger from a van just outside one of the bars, she walked with a little bounce in her step that made her arse wiggle. Then it happened - a gust of wind from behind. It lifted the back of her skirt and pressed it against her back. WOW! That was a great arse and looked fabulous in plain white cotton knickers. She quickly reached back - 'damn' she shouted and pushed the skirt back down. Then looked over her shoulder to see if anyone was there and had seen. I looked away but I'm sure she knew that I had.



my best ever windy upskirt was this summer in portsmouth my wife Tracy 
had on a blue flared summer dress under which she wore flesh coloured 
spanks pantyhose with built in knickers as we walked along the sea front the wind got up and started to lift her dress hem but she kept holding it down so i said why dont we sit and have a ice cream of course i sat and sent her as this would mean she had to use both hands just as she got the ice creams and started back to me a large gust of wind lifted her dress up to her waist first ten to my joy and all the men around all the way up over her head exposing her pantyhose covered lower body and naked flesh aroud her waist she screamed and started to push the dree down but to do this she had to drop the ice crems one feel onto her dress then to the floor but the other one partly landed on her dress front and stated to slid down her cleavage as she lifted her hands to scoop the ice cream out up whent the dress again down came her hands again and down went the ice cream she regain control of her dress and red facred came over to me past a grop of cheering men she told me she needed to go back to the hotel to change as there was still a little bi of icecream melting down her clavage and running down her body so hanging on to her dress of we went



Girl leaving a nightclub in Bristol at about 2.30 in the morning when her black skirt went flying all over the place in a howling gale, showing black knickers from the front. As she turned around in a terrible flap, the back of her skirt went up too, revealing that it was in fact a Thong! She smiled but tried to look unconcerned in front of her friends, who seemed to hardly noticed her plight. 

A lady aged about 30 was walking towards a railway station with her mother. The wind on the street was pretty strong, but not quite strong enough to get her short pink sundress high enough. I nearly gave up watching her after she entered the station to buy her ticket, but then remembered that she'd have to stand on the platform in that dress and hopefully, a speeding Intercity 125 would fly through the station and do its stuff, so I followed her to the platform. The speeding train never did come, but a strong gust of wind did, just as she walked towards the train, fumbling in her *a**a* for her ticket. She could do nothing as her skirt blew up, unveiling her black lacy knickers. Mum, who was just standing their, did nothing, leaving her poor daughter with her skirt round her waist and her black knickers on show to masses of goggle-eyed commuters until she was safely on the train! 

Two girls left a bar and walked towards a taxi rank. It was about 7pm and starting to rain, with the wind really whipping up. One had a pleated denim skirt on, which got a good gust under it and revealed a white Thong. She seemed fairly oblivious to this, but her friend kept looking behind and making sure people weren't starring (which they were!) The girl and her friend were less concerned about the fact that her skirt was constantly being blown up, more so about the people looking. They both gave me an evil look and I scarpered. 

Brunette teen who was chatting to her boyfriend in the street in Birmingham one night, had her flarey pink skirt blown around her waist and her pink gstrings shown to the watching public. It hovered in the air for about ten seconds, before she suddenly realised what was happening and pushed it down. This happened about five times, each time she didn't realise what was happening, until either her boyfriend, or another girl who came over a bit later, told her. The ideal thing would have been to move, as she was clearly in a windy spot! 

Blond lady aged about 30 and her husband climbed up a some stairs to a record shop. The stairs were a bit more exposed to the wind than at street level, and her black pleated miniskirt started to rise slowly. As she reached the top of the steps, it just went that little bit further up and my view 'UP' from the bottom of the steps helped me see her cream coloured Thong. She too seemed completely oblivious and it stayed up high enough to see her arse until she was inside the shop and it gently lowered back into place, with her and the guy none the wiser. 

It wasn't particularly windy, but a girl decided to cross a road in a shiny black flarey skirt. Spotting an oncoming car, she decided to sprint, and what wind there was blew it up, showing off her red knickers to me and several motorists, nearly causing an accident. An Asian guy in a Mercedes gave her a friendly toot on the horn as she continued down the pedestrianised high street. She turned around, looking angry and upset and stormed off when the guy had driven away. As she carried on her way, the skirt blew up again, causing her even more distress as she looked round to see who had seen. I had, but she never noticed me! 

Girl at a barbarque on a beach during my holiday to Newquay got several gusts and her knee-length boho-skirt went all the way up! She had a lacy black Thong on and she dashed inside the marquee-bar to safety, pinning the whole skirt down. I don't think she thought a knee length skirt would get blown completely up like that, she was very embarrassed and stayed in the bar most of the night! 

Two teens queueing to get into a nightclub, one had a lovely black minskirt on. Her pink knickers were completely exposed when a monumental gust of wind blew her skirt up and virtally inside out. She screamed, grabbed the front, but left the back on show for a further ten seconds before she realised, screamed again, and begged the bouncers to let her in ASAP as she was getting a little exposed. They relented and in she went. Obviously a way to avoid queues anywhere - put a short skirt on and when the wind blows it up, others will pity you and allow you to jump to the front of the queue. I'll try it sometime! 

Teen came along from an ATM machine towards a windy crossroads in her white tennis style skirt. It got a little gust first, which showed two lovely round arse-cheeks. Just as I thought she'd gone commando, another gust came along and showed that in fact, she had a shiny navy blue Thong on. She seemed totally unconcerned. I was particularly shocked to see dark underwear under a white skirt. 

A blond, aged about 25, walked along the street with her friend and crossed a narrow passage way, where the wind appeard to be whipping in from. Without warning, her pale blue lacy knickers were displayed for all the world to see when her black skirt flew up. She stood around at the junction talking to a male friend, completely ignoring the wind, leaving everyone with repeated views of her knickers. At one point, the whole skirt was plastered to her back, and she just left it up there - irrespective of the fact she was talking to a guy. She had no qualms at all about him and everyone else seeing her knickers!



hi to you all girls. 
i'm a 30 years old girl from italy. since the hipster-look came into the fashion (about 10/12 years ago in italy) i went at it like most girls. To have a perfect look with my bare mid-riff and suit the hispter pants and jeans i started to go commando, preventing any peep-out of a Thong was the most import thing. I often was pantiless from morning at high school to night at some club. Last year i started to feel a problem, my pussy was smarting and chose to undergo a medical examination. My gynaecologist diagnosed me a strong bacterial infection due to contact with fabric not designed to stay in contact with private parts. this infection had reached up to my ovaries damaging them and now i can't be a mother never more in my life. the doctor asked if i usually wear nothing under my pants or jeans and i said yes, he told me this was the cause of all. he told me you can go pantiless only with skirts or dress or clothes without crotch because no fabric but underwear is designed to be in contact with our private parts. unfortunately this kind of infection doesn't give great symptoms at beginning but when you start to feel them it's generally too late. i cursed myself and my damn head to the bottom, now i'm paying hardly my errors, i spent my 20's thinking about look only and a perfect mid-riff exposed was basic over anything, i still remember when my mum was saying me to wear just a skimpy Thong under because go commando is not hygienic with pants besides the bad smell over the clothes when worn all day or night long. i was listening to nobody, i had to be in fashion....damn young head!! i'm addressing to all the girls and invite you all to stop going commando with pants or jeans, do it only with your skirts. if you go usually commando with pants or jeans, please stop it and undergo an examination the sooner you can before it's too late. i hope my bad experince can be useful for you and help to open your eyes over some errors made just to be in fashion. Believe me girls, it's much better a Thong that peeps slightly out than getting sterile and having your ovaries taken away. though my english is surely inaccurate i hope it's understandable anyway and can let you really thinking over the matter.



