
GUESTS FOR CHRISTMAS
"The Twelve Slaves of Christmas"
Part 2 of 4

This is story of erotic fiction meant for adult readers over the age of eighteen years 

Written by Jean-Christophe (Chris)
An archive of my stories can be found at http://groups.yahoo.com/group/Jean-Christophe_Stories 

"The characters and ideas contained in this story are the writer's and shouldn't be used without permission. Please respect the integrity of this story and don't rewrite"

Part 1: The Guests Arrive

Impatiently, Sebastian is pacing up and down on the veranda. A glance at his watch tells him it is well past the expected arrival time. 

"Where are they?" He wonders, "I hope their cars haven't broken down along the road." 

He raises his right hand to his forehead to shade his eyes against the bright sun and scans the long gravel driveway leading down to the road some two kilometres away. Nothing is in sight. 

Olaf senses his employer's growing impatience and draws Sebastian's attention to the six graduate slaves waiting on the driveway at the bottom of the steps. Tactfully, he suggests to Sebastian that he might like to look them over while they wait.

The six slaves are lined up, three abreast, on either side of the steps. They stand at display with their hands clasped behind their bowed heads. Their bodies are rigidly taut and their musculatures are displayed to perfection. Sebastian gazes approvingly at them and compliments Olaf on their appearances.

Less than two hours ago they had been working in the gardens; their magnificent, naked bodies caked in layers of dirt and sweat. Olaf had worked fast to ensure that all twelve slaves were made presentable for his guests. Of course, unlike these six who are now on display, the new recruits have been locked away out of sight. It is important that Sebastian's guests don't see them just yet - it would spoil the surprise he has planned for later this evening.

Sebastian is proud of his latest graduates Chosen for their good looks; all six are `film-star' handsome with impressive bronzed bodies which have been honed to incredible perfection by Olaf's training. 

They retain their body hair - although neatly trimmed back. Sebastian has learned from experience that his clients prefer to buy his slaves in their hairy state and then decide whether or not to keep them primitive or smooth. They range in hair colour from golden-blond through to jet black. As a rule, he is partial to blonds, but truly, he is unable to pick a favourite from among them; they are all superb and he has `sampled' them all at numerous times during their training. 

The stainless steel collars around their necks and genitals catch the late afternoon sunlight and Sebastian knows they provide a fitting welcome to his guests. Olaf assures him they are conversant with what is required of them over the holidays and they are very eager to serve.

Squinting through the heat haze, Sebastian sees a cloud of dust on the distant road and a flash of light reflected from car's windscreen. Stating the obvious, he excitedly tells Olaf.

They're on the way! There here." 

Then turning to the six slaves, he brusquely instructs them to

"Pull your shoulders back. Thrust out your chests and suck in those stomachs. Push your hips forward and clench your buttocks. Now tighten your arms and legs. STAND STILL!"

After a final inspection, he is satisfied with them. Now he watches as, in the distance, two cars turn off the road into the long, gravel driveway leading up to the homestead.

Finally, for Sebastian, Christmas is about to begin. His excitement is contagious and even Olaf is getting into the festive mood.

                                                    >>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>>

Part 2: Introductions

Shyly, Olaf stands next to the six slaves and waits as Sebastian enthusiastically welcomes his guests to his home.

Sebastian's joy at seeing his six closest friends is infectious and as they get out of their cars, there is much handshaking, hugging and laughter between the seven men. Olaf notes, somewhat jealously, the special, lingering embrace between Sebastian and Marcus; he is well aware of their close relationship.

With the exception of Marcus, Olaf doesn't know the others. Marcus however, is a frequent visitor to the property where he likes to help out in the training of the slaves and during these visits, the two have become friends.

Olaf is a little overawed by Sebastian's friends. He knows they attended university together and that all are successful as either professionals or businessmen in the city. Olaf notes their air of easy self-assurance and their polished accents - they are very much the products of the private school system.

To Olaf's Nordic ears these accents seem to be an `international' form of English rather than purely Australian. Sebastian has told him all six had spent considerable time living and working in Europe; that, no doubt, accounts for the difference.

Although he was born and raised in Norway, Olaf regards himself as a citizen of the world. Now aged in his mid-thirties, he was, in his late teens and early twenties, a world-class athlete used to competing in international events. He also is a university graduate with degrees in sports sciences and he had worked in that field in Europe and North America before settling in Australia.

He'd been to Australia as an athlete and was impressed with its natural beauty and laid-back lifestyle. So, when he was offered a position as a consultant to a chain of private health clinics, he quickly accepted and enthusiastically moved to Australia.

Always confident in his sexuality, Olaf soon found himself moving in a prominent gay circle and it was here that he had first met Sebastian. As their purely platonic friendship developed, both men discovered a mutual interest in slaves and slavery and when Sebastian embarked on his hobby it was inevitable that Olaf should work for him. Olaf's knowledge of fitness and the human body is invaluable in the preparation and training of Sebastian's slaves.

Sebastian is a generous employer and pays Olaf handsomely for his services. Additionally, Sebastian insists that Olaf receives ten per cent of the selling price of each slave. In the four years that he has worked for Sebastian, Olaf has amassed a small fortune and he is deeply grateful to Sebastian for his generosity. And he secretly loves Sebastian!

"Olaf! Olaf, come and meet my friends." Olaf is surprised by Sebastian's shouted invitation.

Before moving away from the six slaves, he quietly orders them to `erect' as a gesture of welcome to their Master's guests. An essential part of their training has been to learn the ability to do this. It had taken much patience on Olaf's part and an enormous amount of practice by the slaves before they mastered this skill - now they are able to do so almost instantaneously.

"Guys, I'd like you to meet Olaf. Olaf is my very capable manager and trainer and I owe the success of my little `venture' entirely to his efforts. And it goes without saying; he is also a close, personal friend. He'll be spending the holidays with us."

Olaf is embarrassed by the Sebastian's fulsome praise and is overwhelmed by the warmth of the friends' responses. As his hand is warmly shaken and he is wrapped in their tight embraces, his shyness fades and he responds enthusiastically to their greetings.

They are, Olaf decides, friendly and without any pretension. They aren't - what are those quaint expressions that Australians use to describe a snob -`up themselves' or `putting on side'. 

Olaf speaks perfect English. But it was learned in the classroom from a textbook and he lacks the nuances that a native-born speaker possesses. Olaf admires the flexibility of English - it seems to him that each English-speaking country has developed its own idiom and so it is here in Australia. 

He really is intrigued and amused by the colourful expressive language used by Australians in their everyday conversations. Much of it is puzzling to him, but he is learning - slowly.

Infected by Sebastian's exuberance, he is soon caught up in the excitement of the occasion and he knows he's going to enjoy Christmas in the company of these men. Originally, he'd planned to spend the holidays quietly in the small cottage that he now calls his home and allow Sebastian to enjoy the companionship of his friends. 

This formerly run-down cottage had once been a farm-worker's home but Sebastian, with his usual, impetuous generosity, had completed remodelled and refurbished it to serve as a luxury bachelor-pad for Olaf. 

Here he lives alone except for two trainee slaves. Working strictly on a roster system, Olaf ensures there are always two slaves at the cottage to keep house and serve him. And of course, there are the long nights when he subjects them to extra-curriculum training in the most important aspect of their duties as slaves. - serving a master's cock. Yes indeed, life is very, very good for Olaf at his little cottage.

However, he is thankful to Sebastian for including him in the party; it would be churlish of him to refuse and he is determined to enjoy himself to the full.

"I say, Sebastian. What do we have here?" Marcus asks as he walks towards the six slaves waiting patiently at the foot of the front steps. "Look guys, we have a welcoming party."

"Do you like my little guard of honour?" Sebastian asks. "See, they have unsheaved their weapons in a welcoming salute to you and are standing at attention waiting for your inspection." He adds laughingly.

All the friends now focus their attention on the slaves who, still standing rigidly at display, are sporting massive erections.

"Are these your house slaves, Sebastian?" Dominic asks. "If so, then accept my congratulations. They are exceptional."

"No, they're not my house slaves; you`ll meet them later. They are in the house preparing dinner. No, these six are my latest crop of graduates. They`re to be sold in three weeks' time and I thought we would use them over Christmas. But feel free to examine them." 

Sebastian invites his friends and smiles broadly as they hurry to do so. He thinks nothing has changed with this lot - a shapely arse or a hard cock is still a powerful lure for them - and he chuckles at the thought of the hard usage these slaves will be put to over Christmas.

The six slaves demonstrate their disciplined training as Sebastian's friends subject them to close quarter examinations. Full of pride at the attention they are receiving, they puff up their chests, suck in their bellies and surreptitiously ripple their muscles. When under inspection, they have been taught to do this by Olaf - and, as he watches, he is pleased to note their uninhibited compliance.

"While you're at it, you might each like to choose one to serve as your personal body slave during your stay." Sebastian tells his six friends and is delighted at the surprised looks on their faces.

"Do you mean it? We can really choose one for our use?" Adrian asks incredulously.

"Of course, just think of it as my goodwill gesture for Christmas. But, I'm not buying into any disputes over choosing a slave; you'll need to sort that out for yourselves. Just let me say; all six are as good as one another - I know from experience. Anyway, once you`ve chosen, there's nothing to stop you from swapping around is there? As they say; variety is the spice of life."

Sebastian and Olaf watch with amusement as the six friends scramble to choose their slaves. Sebastian almost feels sorry for the bewildered slaves as their soon-to-be temporary masters examine them. The slaves' training stops them from showing any re-action but it is obvious that they aren't used to such a hands-on onslaught. 

They stand stoically as their naked bodies are pawed over and explored by eager hands testing their muscular hardness and seeking out the hidden delights of their bodies. Sebastian and Olaf listen to the friendly banter of the six men as they make and unmake their choices. 

Confusion reigns temporarily but soon they have all chosen a slave to serve them over the holidays. 

As he looks on, Sebastian is pleased; these slaves hold the promise of so much pleasure for their future masters and this time spent with his friends will be a good demonstration of what the future holds for them. By the time they go to auction, they'll be well `broken-in'.

"Alright then! You've all made your choices and I assume you are happy with them? If so, I'll just get Olaf to temporarily mark them with your initials to avoid any misunderstandings. So, would you each tell him where on the slave you'd like him to place your initial?"

Amid much laughter and ribald humour, all six slaves are temporarily branded. They now wear the humiliating, large, black initial of their temporary masters on their bodies. Sebastian is amused at the choices made; some slaves have the initials on their chests or bellies while others have it on their shoulders or biceps - one even wears it on his arse. Sebastian wonders about the reasons why these choices were made by his friends.

"OK! Well you've made your choices and the slaves are yours for the duration of your visit. You're welcome to use them but I ask you PLEASE to use them on the basis of `use but don't abuse'. Remember they're valuable stock and they're to be sold in three weeks' time; I don't want them damaged. So PLEASE -no rough treatment and do handle them gently."

Sebastian is enthusiastically thanked for his generosity and is assured by all six of his friends that his property will be respected.

"Can we fuck them, Sebastian?" Gabriel asks eagerly.

"Yes, by all means. They're been well trained to serve a master's need. And they're able to taken the largest cock. Yes, even yours, Adrian. If my memory serves me right, you have the biggest prick here."

"Thanks for the compliment, Sebastian. But, I'm not sure that still holds. "Adrian replies amid loud laughter. "Looking at Olaf, I'd say there's a good chance that he could outgun me. Is that so, Sebastian?"

Olaf, embarrassed by this exchange, blushes as Sebastian answers.

"I wouldn't know. I`ve always respected Olaf's privacy too much to notice."

"OH COME ON! You mean you two live here, virtually alone on the property and you've never....? " 

Then, noticing Olaf's scarlet-faced embarrassment, Adrian hastily apologises. 

"Oh! I'm sorry Olaf, forgive me. I shouldn't have assumed you were .... ... Well, you know?"

"What gay? Don't apologise Adrian. Yes, I'm gay and openly so." Olaf answers defensively. "But I'm Sebastian's employee; after all and.....well.....we've never thought of each other in that way. Anyway, we're both too busy training the slaves."

Olaf is unprepared for what happens next. He is surprised as Sebastian moves to the front of him, and reaching out, grabs his `package'. His actions don't go unnoticed and Olaf, through his confusion, hears someone - he isn't sure who - say.

"I'd keep an eye on Sebastian if I were you. Olaf."

As Sebastian seeks out his cock and gently squeezes his balls, their eyes met and Olaf feels little volts of pleasure surging through him. Then, as he releases Olaf, Sebastian whispers.

"Mmmh! We'll rectify that situation after the holidays, won't we Olaf?"

Olaf can hardly believe what he is hearing; how he has longed for this to happen. All his Christmases have come at once. All of a sudden, this Christmas can't be over soon enough for him.

Sebastian, what happens with the slaves? Is there a particular time we have to dismiss them by? Where do they sleep? Dominic asks the question that's on everybody's minds.

"They're slaves, Dominic. They are on duty 24/7 and will sleep in your rooms if that's what you want - it's your choice. I've had slave cages placed in all your bedrooms should you feel the need to lock them up overnight. Otherwise, Olaf has placed a pallet and blanket at the foot of your beds for them to sleep on - you'll also find ankle and wrist restraints in your rooms should you need them. But let me assure you - they are tame and won't cause you any trouble. Anyway knowing you lot, my guess is that you'll want them in your beds with you. I expect that they'll all be bleary-eyed and have sore arses in the morning."

Sebastian is pleased at his friends' obvious delight at this news and graciously dismisses their numerous "thank-you, Sebastian" by telling them it is his pleasure.

"Now that's settled, let's move inside." Sebastian invites them." Dinner isn't until eight but I've had a light snack and drinks prepared for you after which you can go to your rooms to freshen up. You each have your own en-suite bathroom and shower. And your slaves can assist you if required. Can I suggest that you let them relax you; they're very good at that."

Then as an afterthought, he adds.

"Oh and by the way. There's a sauna and spa behind the house should you want to use it. It operates all the time so please feel free to take your slaves there and enjoy it. Now, if you'll just point out your luggage to your slaves, Olaf will arrange to have it taken to your rooms. The slaves will unpack your bags and have everything stowed away for you by the time we've finished our drinks. And of course, you'll find them eagerly waiting for you in your rooms."

To continued ....................












