Wife Exposed By Mirrored Dance Floor Disco in Okinawa with Surprise Under It 
by Curtison71b

While stationed in Japan with the military I had learned of a disco club sounded like it was one of a kind. From what my co-workers told me it was a typically normal looking large disco club on the outside. It was on the second floor of a three-story building. According to what my co-workers told me what made this disco different from the rest was that it had a few perverted design features incorporated into the building when it was built. According to what they told me the first thing that is the known perverted feature was that the dance floor was made entirely of mirrors.  They said it’s a type of Japanese fetish thing. They said it was obvious for the women to see the mirrored floor that were dancing and with the lights reflecting also off the floor anybody could look down and see up the other women’s skirts or dresses. So that disco was known for women to wear short skirts or dresses and try to be sexy on the dance floor showing off their legs with the mirrored floor. That it is what the club was known for. What was not advertised though according to what my co-workers told me was that the mirrors were actually two-way mirrors and that on the first floor there was a drinking bar in the ceiling of the drinking bar was actually the bottom of the two-way mirror dance floor. So anyone at the bar could look up through the two-way mirror and up the girl's skirts on the dance floor without them even knowing. It was a great concept.

So after they told me about this club my entire purpose in life was to get my wife go to the club in her short summer dress and possibly no panties. I felt I had a mission to accomplish. Nothing better than showing off my completely sexy gorgeous wife. So I told my wife about this disco and how it had great sound and lighting according to my coworkers and we planned on going the following Friday. And then went back and told all of my coworkers about the day and time Ava and I planned on going do the disco. They had all met her at different times and Squadron events and they often commented that she was a trophy wife, a real hottie.

Now being that this disco was not near the base I had convinced my wife to where her very sheer summer dress and red panties. The dress looks pretty normal until the light shine through it in a specific way. It was a very sexy dress and very short two. We got to the club at about 10 p.m. on Friday night, got some seats not near the Dance Floor. As was told to me, the lights very colorful and pulsating from the ceiling. There were a lot of Japanese people in the club and a lot of them were women in groups. Some more dancing on the dance floor also. Occasionally the lighting in the room with change when the song beat and lights for come from different areas but I couldn’t tell where from where I was sitting. As we sat and drank my wife drank more than usual. By her fourth drink I noticed she was getting playful and frisky with me. I had my hands all over her and things were going great. Then at one point I reached over to feel between her legs under the table and I noticed she was very wet. So I jokingly told her that she was going to get her underwear wet so she better take them off. Without hesitating she discreetly read stuff under her dress and pulled them off and handed them to me. I couldn’t believe she took me seriously. She was really kind of drunk and playful. So without hesitating I took her by the hand to lead her to the dance floor and she obliged. As we walked out onto the dance floor for the first time I found it absolutely mesmerizing to be standing on a mirrored floor with a lot of Japanese people dancing. Most of them were women and a lot of them had skirts and dresses on. It looked like there were legs everywhere. The lights or pulsating in different colors back and forth and occasionally you would catch a glimpse in the mirrors up a dress or skirt. Nothing too crazy though. My wife also thought it was neurotic and she kind of played along with it. As the song went on Ava got loosened up and started getting into her dancing groove. As we were on the floor dancing, I finally noticed what the change of lighting was every once in awhile. As it turned out there were not only disco lights on top but also in some of the dance floor facing up. It was immediately obvious what the dance floor lights in the floor were for. Apparently, whoever designed this perverted dance floor realized that shining a light from the floor up will make any sheer dress almost transparent and as Ava danced over one of the floor lights it immediately came on as if her stepping on it triggered it. When it did come on her sheer dress was very see-through…almost transparent.  I soon realized that the DJ was actually controlling the lighting and it appeared that when a woman with a short or sheer dress or skirt went near or over a floor light he would flip the top lights off and the floor lights on for a few seconds. At least that’s what it seemed to me because he was watching the dance floor closely. I stepped back from Ava and she was dancing and she was and her famous dance move which was basically her standing with her feet planted on the floor about 3 feet apart and just shaking her ass and going down and up and shaking her ass with her long hair waving behind her. Sometimes she would also put her hands over her head while doing this move. I waited until she danced near one of the floor lights again and then I moved back away from her a few feet in order to see what her dress really look like if the floor light came on and sure enough as she got over top of the white floor light it came on. It stayed on for about 10 seconds and Ava was completely unaware of what was really happening. She just danced and it appeared she didn’t even have her eyes open or realize that her dress from her belly button down was transparent. I was in front of her by about 5 ft and looking down and I could see everything. I can see her pussy and her bush without any problems at all. I could only imagine what the view was like from the bar below. This went on for two or three songs and then we went and sat down in our chairs. Ava was sweating and happy. I told her that I needed to go to the restroom so I left her and when. However, I didn’t go to the restroom, I went straight down to the bar because I was curious know if anyone from my shop was there. As I came in and looked around, I heard a whole bunch of guys hootin and hollerin and that turned out to 6 of my coworkers sitting at the bar. I went over to them and they all started yelling at me and I had the hottest wife on the planet. One of the guys said asked me if she shaves herself or do I do it for her.  So I said to them I guess you saw us on the dance floor. They all said that they definitely were not looking at me but Ava. It was a success and Ava never even knew. We danced a few more times that night and then went back home and life continued on as normal. 