The attached work of fiction is intended to be entertainment for adults in locations where it is
legal.  If it is illegal in your location, DO NOT read.  This is a copyrighted work.  Reposting or
any other use strictly prohibited without the express, written permission of the copyright holder,
except may be posted as part of a  review or posted to free-access, noncommercial archive sites. 

Copyright June 2000 by E. Z. Riter. 

E-mail address: ezriter@hotmail.com      

Please!        Give me your comments!

Dear Readers, A light little story of passion.  Thanks, as always, to Gail and Ruthie, for editing
and assistance.  Enjoy!  E.Z.  



THE BASS BOAT

It was hot by mid morning, but May's always hot in Houston.  I was lazing by the swimming
pool at the apartments.  There was a mother with two toddlers in the shallow end.  She looked
like she was made for fucking,  with ripe breasts and an ass to match.  She glanced surreptitiously
at me.  I stared openly and she responded by moving seductively.  

The clank of the metal gate announced the arrival of another sun worshiper.  I'd seen her around
the pool with her husband.  She was early twenties and had dirty blonde hair cropped around her
head.  About five four, she had a nice tight figure, with small breasts and a magnificent ass and
legs.  She was wearing a hot pink, knit bikini that left little to my ever-active imagination.  

And she was mad as hell.  

She marched to a lounge chair, threw down her towel and suntan lotion, flounced to the water,
and jumped in.  In seconds, she was out.  She slouched back on the lounge chair, with her feet
planted and legs apart.  She lit a cigarette, took a deep breath, and exhaled.  Her right leg moved
back and forth.  It was a neon sign calling attention to her sweet pussy that was pointed directly
at me.  

I didn't pretend I wasn't looking.  I was enjoying the view.

She glared at me, blew smoke in my general direction, and looked away.  When she looked back
at me, I grinned. She turned beet red, jumped up, and stormed toward me.

"What's so funny?" she asked as she stood over my lounge chair like an avenging angel.  

The mother herded her brood to the far end of the pool.  There she watched us wide-eyed.

"It's a beautiful day and I'm in a good mood," I replied, smiling up at her.

"You're a lecherous old fart," she snapped.  "I've seen you out here, flirting and eyeing the
women.  I should tell management about you."

"What are you going to tell them?" I asked innocently.

"That you're a bastard.  Another lousy male bastard."  Her teeth were clenched, her jaw set. 

"I'm sorry you're upset . . .  say, what's your name?"

"None of your business," she barked.

"Can I call you 'none' for short?" I asked impudently. 

"Smart ass!"

"I'm trying to get a laugh out of you," I said calmly. "I don't know what's eating you, but I didn't
do it."

She screeched, stamped her foot, then stormed off to retrieve her things.  I watched that
delightful ass as it flexed away.  Towel over her shoulder, she took one step away from her chair,
turned on the ball of her foot, and advanced on me again.

"Do you want to fuck me?" she asked.

"Yes," I answered.

"Can you still get it up?"

"It's up.  Want to check for yourself?"

She reddened.  There wasn't a touch of humor in her expression.  

"All right.  Come on," she said.

I followed that delightful ass in those bikini bottoms to her apartment in the back of the complex. 
She unlocked the door, strode toward the bedroom, and called back, "Lock the door behind you."

The living room had a couch, recliner, and big screen TV.  The bedroom was equally sparse. 
There was a queen-sized bed with no head or foot boards, one battered wooden end table with an
ancient lamp, and a massive, but cheap looking, chest of drawers.  

One knot, two knot, three knot, four.  The hot pink bikini lay on the floor.  

Her bush was shaved into a Mohawk.  The hair remaining was dense and dark brown.  Her
breasts were high and hard with small nipples.  Each breast was perfect, a tasty mouthful. 

She didn't look at my cock when I dropped my swimsuit.

"I'll be on top," she commanded, "and quit looking at my breasts!"

I lay back in the middle of the bed.  Her eyes were angry as she crawled onto me, straddling my
chest.  Her pussy rested on my belly with my erect cock brushing her ass.

"You're a bastard.  You're all bastards."    

A tear slipped out of her right eye to slide down her cheek.

"There's nothing wrong with my breasts.  There's nothing wrong with me.  Why do you have to
cheat with every cow who wanders by?"

Her red face crumbled as she emitted a loud sob.  I gently put my hands on her waist to comfort
her. 

"Don't touch me," she said, pushing my hands down.  She glared at me and the tears stopped. 
She ground her bush into my stomach.  I was glad I did my sit ups each morning.

"You men think you can cheat with any woman you want and we'll put up with it."  

She dug her fingernail into the cartilage of my ear.  I grimaced, pulled her hand away, and
checked for blood.      

"Well, women can cheat, too.  We can even cheat with old men like you, which is what I'm
going to do now," she snarled.   

She grabbed my cock, opened the lips of her pussy, lodged him in her opening, and jammed her
hips down hard, burying my cock to the hilt.   Her eyes widened and her mouth formed an "O."  

"Oh," she said with a lilt of surprise.  She squirmed, feeling him inside her.  She rocked back and
forth.  I felt a gush of pussy juice on my crotch.   

"Ohhhh," she moaned.  

She raised up until only my cock head was in her.  She slid down him slowly and her head went
back.  She rotated her hips slowly, round and round.  I covered each breast with a hand.  

She slapped my hands away and said firmly, "I said don't touch me."

Her hands replaced mine on her breasts.  She massaged them roughly and twisted her nipples.  A
sheen of sweat broke out on her belly.  Her thighs squeezed my sides as she gurgled, arched her
back, and jammed her pubis into me.  Her pussy spasmed on my cock as she groaned softly.

She slumped against me, her breathing hard in my ear.  When I put my arms around her, she
rolled away.

"Give me a hickey," she said.  Her voice was quiet and far away, but with a cold undertone.  "I
want him to know I fucked another man."  She lay her arms by her head.

I examined the marvelous landscape she wanted me to mar, from the hollow in her throat, over
the hills of her breasts, to the narrows dimpled by her navel.     

She shifted slightly when my lips touched her breasts.  She crossed her wrists over her head as
her eyes fluttered closed.  I trapped her wrists with one hand and slipped a finger into the silky
wetness between her legs, moving it slowly back and forth as I marked her left breast with hickey
after hickey.  

Her breast was sensitive.  She could've cum just from my sucking it, but my hand was active
between her legs.  She undulated under my touch and pulled against my hand holding her wrists. 
She enjoyed small orgasm after orgasm, each accompanied by a gasp and mutter.  When her
breast was covered in hickeys, I moved between her legs.

Her eyes were hot and dreamy as she brought her knees up and out.  I fucked her hard until we
came together, I for the first time, she for the last and greatest of many.  When I lay down beside
her, she snuggled against me.  Sleep overcame us.

The bed moved and I heard the patter of her feet on the floor.  I was propped up on the pillow
when she returned from the bathroom.  

"Even a blind man should be able to see this," she said indicating her breast, completely covered
by hickeys.  

It was a delightful mass of red and blue hues.  We both grinned, but hers quickly morphed to
guilt.

"I didn't mean to use you," she said softly.  "It's just that I . . . "

"No apologies.  I loved every minute.  I'd like to do it again."

She shook her head.  "No," she said with a hint of sadness. 

We didn't speak as I dressed and she walked me to the door.  

"What's your name?" I asked.

"Sharon.  What's yours?"

"Ed."

She pressed her naked body into me and kissed me gently on the lips.

"Goodbye, Ed.  I enjoyed fucking with you," she said as she shut the door.

About two months later, there was a message on my voice mail from her.  

"Ed," her voice said.  "This is Sharon.  Please call me.  The number's 555-2256."

I hadn't seen her since that morning when we coupled.  I returned her call and she was at my
apartment in twenty minutes.

When I opened the door, she smiled broadly and gave me a sweet kiss on the lips, which I
eagerly returned.

"I'm glad to see you.  Would you like some wine?" I asked.

"Please.  Red if you have it."

I poured Merlot for both of us and sat beside her on the couch.

"Where have you been?" I asked.

"I moved out and filed for divorce," she said calmly.  "I've been living with my Mother."

"I'm sorry to hear it."

"I'm not.  That day with you opened a can of worms, but the can needed to be opened."

"What happened, if you don't mind me asking."

"I don't mind," she grinned.  "I came here to tell you."  She sipped the Merlot before setting the
glass on the table.

"I didn't clean up after you left," she said.  "I stayed naked with all the sights and smells of our
lovemaking obvious to anyone.  When he came home, he knew immediately.  He went nuts.  Oh,
I don't mean he was violent.  Knowing I'd fucked another man made him unbelievably horny. 
He jumped on me and we fucked into the night.  He wanted me to tell him everything that
happened with you, but I didn't."

"It sounds like you got the results you wanted," I said.

"Not really.  The next morning he told me he wanted me to fuck some of his friends and let him
watch.  I said no, of course.  That made him mad, so he stepped up the pressure.  That made me
madder."

Sharon slipped off her shoes and put them neatly under the coffee table.  She stood and unzipped
her skirt.  Her eyes were twinkling as she walked a few feet away and slipped off her panties.  I
had the expected reaction.  

"Then, one morning, he told me two friends of his were coming over that night and that they'd
fuck me, whether I liked it or not.  I moved out that day."

She slipped off her blouse, unfastened her bra and tossed it aside.  I stared at a pair of beautiful,
surgically enhanced breasts.

"Well, Ed, what do you think?" she asked impishly. 

"Magnificent," I replied.

She sat beside me and guided my hands to her new breasts.  They seemed to be as sensitive as
before, but very different in feel.   

"The doctor recommended C or D cups, to best match the rest of me.  I decided on C."

"You made the right choice," I replied, sitting back on the couch.  

"I thought so.  Let me tell you the best part.  He had a secret bank account to squirrel away
money for a new bass boat.  He didn't think I knew about it, but I did."

She laughed evilly and cupped her breasts, holding them up toward me.

"I'll catch more with these than he would with a bass boat."

She laughed again, then leaned toward me.  Her lips were wet, her eyes full of anticipation.  

"Tell me, Ed," she asked sexily, "are you only a dirty old man, or a kinky one?"

"Too kinky, I'm afraid," I replied.

"Glad to hear it," she said.  "I want to move in with you, but only for six months.  Not a day
more.  I want to try everything.  So let your imagination run wild, Ed.  I'll never tell you no.  For
six months, we can be as kinky as you want."

That was yesterday and she moved in last night.  As I write this, she's asleep in the bedroom.  

I hope I can last six months.

The End

Please!   Give me your comments!

E-mail address: ezriter@hotmail.com 

  



 



        




  








  

 









               