Horny Guy Losing Virginity With Sexy Niece Vimmy - II
Posted on August 1, 2016 12:00 PM, Filed under Straight Couples
Previously: Horny Guy Losing Virginity With Sexy Niece Vimmy - I

Certainly I would have moved to her but Vimmy was sitting on the single sitter couch and holding her wrist I asked her to come close to me "Mere pass aao....!" "Mama mujhe dar lag raha hai..." addressing me Mama Vimmy once again said that she is scared and I continued comforting her with my spontaneous replies

"ek baar kiss karne ke baad tumhara sara darr khatam ho jaayega..." and Vimmy went speechless. "Please....!" I requested her in low sensual voice and after few seconds Vimmy moved. I was delighted but I stayed calm and got aside to give her space.

Vimmy got up slowly and sat beside me on the same three sitter couch, willing to go for it but she was scared and I tied to relax her "sach mein tum bahut sweet ho...." and Vimmy blushed beautifully over my words. Only she was not restless, over my expressions I was confident but deep inside my heart was also beating high.

Why not after years of day dreaming and six months of this particular female it was first time in my life I was about to get close to any female and outcome of that was; over my crotch I was hardest of my life. Intentional or unintentional since beginning I was not in hurry and expressing same gesture to begin I caressed Vimmy's cheek tenderly and we both went through divine sensation,

with a silent puff Vimmy closed her eyes; just for few seconds and my eyes got stuck to her luscious breasts. They were looking amazing but suppressing my impatience of touching her fruits I kissed her tenderly over her cheek and Vimmy once again shivered silently. "tum meri Bhanji nahi hoti to main tumse abhi Shaadi kar leta..."

I spoke out in low sensual voice and Vimmy looked back into my eyes with flooding affection. "Give me a hug" I asked and we hugged nicely, squeezing her breasts I felt strange pleasant feeling passing through my spine and Vimmy also puffed in pleasure as I tightened her in my arms.

"Accha lag raha hai na....?" "Hmmm...." I asked her if she is feeling good and she hummed to say yes. That was enough to relaxed her and now it was time to go ahead and with a strange rapture passing through my soul I moved close to her face and sucked her lips gently. Hardly 2-3 seconds it was touch and go kiss and it was quivering for both.

Soft like rose petal Vimmy's lips were little slippery and looking into each other's eyes we smiled; next instant she blushed and once again I moved her lips and sucked them for little long. It was first kiss of my life and it was amazing and after few seconds as I kissed her again, sucking my lips in reflex Vimmy responded back to my kiss with some hesitation and it was a delightful feeling.

I kissed her back with some excitement and after few seconds Vimmy managed to cop up with me and we started sucking each other's lips together. Me upper and she lower and slowly like I use to see in movies I inserted my tongue in her mouth and with a puff Vimmy trembled erotically.

She broke the kiss and pushed me a bit "kya hua...?" I asked what happened and she replied saying nothing "kuch nahi!" "Then why you stopped?" and in low timid voice she said it was weird "bahut ajeeb lag raha tha..." and I said it's weird but its good "ajeeb to hai per achha hai..." I smiled and once again Vimmy blushed beautifully.

I was feeling confident and for an instant I tried holding her waist to pull her to began kissing again and Vimmy removed my hand from her waist instantly "Mama...please mujhe kahin bhi touch mat karo...." Little scared her voice was soft "kyun...? tum meri girl friend ho...!" and she looked back into my eyes for few seconds and then spoke out "mujhe tension ho rahi hai..."

and while looking my parents room's door spoke again "agar Nana Nani mein se koi bhi aa gaya to problem ho jaayegi" my parents are actually her grandparents, Nana and Nani and she was scared of their sudden appearance in the living room but I had an easy escape of her statement "don't worry...bahar aane se pahle...they will switch on the light and we will come to know...".

Still she was not comfortable with my touch over her body and she denied again "Nahi....please...don't touch me" "Ok...I will not touch you...." I accepted but paused with incomplete expression, something was over the tip of my tongue from last few seconds and I was little shy to speak that but in the end I just spoke that out

"but you please show me your body...! Without clothes...." I don't know how it came into my mind; possibly in my unconscious mind I could sense that it will not be easy for me to agree her for fucking and I came up with a thought of trying whatever I can get;You Know jo mil jaaye wo hi lelo.

Anyway asking to show her body without clothes was a big shock for Vimmy and she expressed strange expressions over her face, for an instant I thought about apologizing but in a fraction decided to continue trying "please....!" "I will also show you my body..." mentally I was reached to the edge from where I could not step back and I assured her that I will not touch her

"tum door khadi rahna....God promise...I will not touch you...." "Mama...this is wrong..." not at all angry over my demand, Vimmy was scared and I continued convincing her "but believe me tumhen achha lagega...you will feel good" Vimmy looked back at me but did not uttered anything and I asked her something which I was thinking about asking her since long

"tum masturbate karti ho?" and like I was expecting my question surprised her "tell me...! Karti ho na?" I somewhat verified and as she moved her head in yes I asked her another question "kisi male ko hi fantasize karti ho na?" Vimmy did not replied this time and without waiting for her yes I spoke again "to fir aaj dekh low na ek male ko Poora Nude..."

and in continuation spoke again "aur mujhe bhi dikha do ek female poori Nude". It's a fact that just like males, females of certain age are also curious to see opposite sex naked and Vimmy was no exception, above that two of her three friends were fully involved in all this, that was enhancement to her curiosity, I believe that was the core reason of success of her lust over her fear and innocence.

"I will not harm you...main tumhare pass bhi nahi aaunga....door khada rahunga...." "Bolo... dekhna hai Mama ko Nude?" Vimmy was speechless but with tiny pauses I just continued perusing her to show her body and in the end requested her casually "please yaar...haan Bol de na..."

and in continuation revealed the fact that since I have seen her I am masturbating on her name and I don't like any other girl "jab se tujhe dekha hai...tab se tujhe hi soch ke masturbate kar raha hun....mujhe koi aur ladki achhi hi nahi lagti" eventually my naughty efforts worked a bit and my words bought tiny smile over Vimmy's face

and picking that opportunity I asked her if she also masturbate thinking about me" tum bhi mujhe hi fantasize karti ho na?" and my words widened her smile, "say yes...!" I was excited but she knobbed her head in no "sach bol" I insisted her to speak the truth in soft voice and moving her eyes from my face she said that she has fantasized me just 2-3 times

"bus do-teen bar kiya hai" "Ok...then whom do you fantasize daily?" I asked her and she said she does not masturbate daily "main daily masturbate nahi karti...." "To fir alternate day karti hogi...?" I continued opening up "I don't know...jab man karta hai...tab kar leti hunnn...." and with that Vimmy also seemed getting liberal and to continue I spoke out my daily status

"main to roz masturbate karta hun...moreover the day I see you I do it twice and sometimes thrice...." "uss din tum mujhe poori raat sone nahi deti....." "I am so crazy about you...." I was feeling delighted while saying all that and more or less Vimmy was also in same mode. Next I once again asked her if not me for whom she masturbates "tum usually Kisko fantasize karti ho..."

and over her expressions Vimmy hesitated to speak up "come on...say it" and with a blush she said she do it fantasizing her friend Nitya's boy friend and I was prepared for next question "Is he good looking....?" "haan...." Mujhse jyada good looking hai?" "nahi....aap jyada good looking ho" "then..Why he...why not me ...?" "aap Mere Mama ho na....!" "ab to main tumhara boy friend hun..."

and this time with a smile Vimmy looked into my eyes consistently and I once again moved to her lips and we kissed nicely. Kiss was not my objective, it was just a way I could melt her and after breaking the kiss I once again asked her if she will show me her body "Bolo dikhaogi mujhe apni sexy body...?" and Vimmy looked into my eyes in way as if she is trying to read my intentions,

she was willing but she was confused and in the end confirmed I will not touch her "aap mujhe touch nahi Video ya Picture to click nahi kar loge na....?" and that annoyed me "tum pagal ho kya....? Do you think I can do that...?" and Vimmy stepped back "No...I trust you....bus aise hi bol diya....!" "If you trust me then show me everything..."

I spoke back and once again kissed her over her soft lips and in the end holding her innocent face in my hands came up saying "you are my doll" and I saw over her gesture my admiring has further flattered her.

"ab tum room mein jaao...aur poori nude hokar mujhe missed call dena...aur door matt lock karna" I told her to get into the room and with an instruction of not locking the door asked her to give me missed call after getting fully nude and with sensual hesitation mixed with mild pleasure Vimmy got up and went into the room without looking back.

Hardest of my life I was thrilled like never before, though that instant I could not see myself fucking her still in her first stay in my house whatever I achieved was admirable and realizing Vimmy's overall gesture; that she is also curious I was quite positive that soon I will convince her to let me touch her, first with my hand and then with my cock.

Anyway more than five minutes passed but there was no missed call and after another minute when I called her she permitted me to come in by saying "Aa jaao". I think time was somewhere around 2 or bit more, now there was no chance that my patents will get up before 6 and I moved to the room, anyhow I cannot write the feeling I was going through while getting close to the door,

I was expecting glowing in white light Vimmy will be standing stark naked in the middle of the room but in the end I found room dead dark. I entered in the room and closed the door; for an instant nothing was visible except this feel that Vimmy is standing over that edge of the room. "Light matt on karna..." switchboard was just on entranced but she told me not to switch on the light

"but mujhe kuch dikh hi nahi raha..." "Ok...on kar low...." And I switched the light on, Woow...I was already hardest of my life and now my Cock wanted to tore my clothes off to come out. Facing me Vimmy was yet not completely naked, covering her breasts with her arms Vimmy was standing with bra and Panty over her body.

Standing 5'10" innocent face, timid expressions, fair and utterly clear skin, almost flat belly, thick and fleshy arms and thighs with a huge D shaped ass mounds covered with soft clothed light blue color printed panty, Vimmy was looking gorgeous while hiding her luscious fruits behind her wrapped arms, it was an achievement in itself but you know Dil Maange More,

and I asked to take off her Bra and Panty as well. "Bra aur Panty bhi to uttaro" "Nahi...Mama....bus itna hi dekh low...." "Please don't do this...you don't know...main raat bhar tadapta rahunga..." "Please show me your Pussy...and everything". Vimmy looked at my lustful expressions for few seconds and in the end came up with a low voiced OK and told me to switch off the light.

I tried to avoid "please yaar ab sharmaao matt....uttar do sub" but she insisted "nahi...please light off kar do" and I did that. As room went dark again Vimmy turned around, by now my eyes were taken on by the darkness and I could see her body impression clearly and next instant she extended her hand to her back and unhooked her Bra my hand went to my crotch and I started squeezing tip of my fully erect cock.

"Mama please sirf mere boobs dekh low...meri Panty matt utarwao..." turning her face sideways in the dark she requested me and in reply I requested her to show me everything "Please Vimmy... itne nakhre matt kar...dikha de mujhe sab kuch". Finally after drifting down straps of her Bra Vimmy's hands reached to her waist and lifting one leg after another she slowly took her Panty out of her legs.

It was quite dark still I could feel her fleshy ass mounds and next instant I somewhat informed her that I am switching on the light "main light on kar raha hun...." "mujhe shram aa rahi hai...please andhere mein hi dekh low na" "nahi...I want to see you in white light" with that I switched on the light and next moment I started squeezing my cock furiously.

Long legs, massive thighs leading to thick and very fleshy ass with a deep divider, smooth and silky waist, from behind my lovely niece was nevertheless than a 8th wonder of this world and to see rest of the wonders I asked her turn around in a soft voice "Vimmy turn around..." "Mama mujhe bahut shram aa rahi hai..." she uttered and I requested her to show me

"Please Sharmaao matt...dikhao mujhe...." I was still squeezing my hard cock madly over the soft cloth of my lower with an underwear in the middle and with that lust was rising in my voice. Finally with closed eyes Vimmy turned around and I was stunned to see her beauty.

From toe to head, nicely fleshed silky smooth legs, moving up; covered with soft hairs Vimmy was trying hiding her love triangle between her soft fat thighs, flat belly moving in and out with heavy breathing, thick arms covering her luscious fruits; lovely innocent face with mild sweat over her forehead, certainly she was eight wonder in itself.

"You are Beautiful...." looking at her bare body with hell lust I gave her compliment, she opened her eyes and with a tiny hesitant smile Vimmy's face turned red in shyness "Now show me your fruits..." and without saying anything slowly Vimmy unwrapped her arms to give view of luscious milks to her Mama.

Wow Man Vimmy's fair and soft milk mounds were sagging sexily; far bigger than what they us to appear in clothes, tipped with small dark brown nipples they were just ready to get sucked. I wanted to jump on her to eat her then and there but neither I had that much of courage nor I wanted to break my promise and head to toe I just kept on looking at her like a thirsty animal.

"Ab main kapde pahan lun....?" Vimmy asked me after bearing my lustful eyes for a minute and I denied and asked her to spread her legs to show her opening properly "nahi pahle taange khol ke...theek se apni opening dikha" and Vimmy felt embarrassed over my demand. I requested her again "please dikha na..." and with bashful expressions and suppressed smile Vimmy agreed to that too.

She opened her thighs and involuntary I sat down on my knees to see her love hole clearly. Slightly leaking it was a state of the art created by almighty and my eyes were glued to that with a lust to touch it at least. "Mama...mujhe bahut ajeeb lag raha hai.... please...ab mujhe kapde pahan ne do..."

Vimmy requested me to let her wear her clothes and I denied again by asking why she is in hurry and after a pause added that now I will show her my thing "tumhen itni jaldi kyun hai...? ab main tumhen apna dikhata hun" and I saw lines of strange rapture getting visible over her face. I smiled back over her expressions and asked her casually "You want to see my Cock..."

and Vimmy came out with low voiced "Yes" but after a pause add that she wants to wear her clothes first "...but main pahle kapde pahan leti hun..." "No...we will stand face to face without clothes...." I denied again and she once again took out her perplexing thought "aap please mujh par attack mat kar dena...." I was disappointed to hear that "arre yaar... don't you trust me...?"

"I trust you...bus thoda sa darr lag raha hai..." she smiled a bit and I calmed down "daro matt...bus enjoy karo...." saying that I started taking off my clothes and just in few seconds holding my thick and long cock and moving back and forward I was standing stark naked in front of my niece.

Looking at her facial expressions I can say VImmy was equally inquisitive to see me naked; eyes glued over my crotch Vimmy was delighted to see a real man meat and in rising heat I spoke out dirty "ye aath (eight) inch ka hai...imagine kar ye poora ka poora teri iss chhoti si Pussy ke andar challa jaayega"

and Vimmy got scared with that, she looked at me with strange expressions and I realized that she has misunderstood me "Daro matt...main sirf tumhen batta raha tha ki actually mein hota kya hai...I mean fucking kaise hoti hai" "mujhe patta hai...fucking kaise hoti hai" she spoke out softly but in sarcastic tone and after a pause added "ab hum kapde pahan lete hain".

I was moving my hard monster back and forward since I was exposed to her and suddenly I thought about combine masturbation "We can masturbate while looking at each other " but Vimmy was not interested "mujhse nahi hoga..." with that she picked her bra and Panty from the floor and I spoke again "mera to ho jaayega...tum bhi try karo....if you want I can speak dirty..."

suddenly she was feeling awkward and she was not ready to listen anything "nahi...mujhe nahi karna..." holding her inner wears in her fist she denied again and I requested in soft voice "please kar low na...what is wrong in that....?" "I know tumhen bhi ye sab kuch achha lag rah hai... bus tum Sharma rahi ho..."

and once again my reading was absolutely true and my statement brought tiny smile over her face and I continued with a smile "achha lag raha hai to enjoy karo....sharma kyun rahi ho..." and Vimmy spoke out her mind "Mama mujhe Bahut ajeeb lag raha hai..." "Ajeeb hai per achha hai na....?" "Per main masturbate nahi kar paaungi..."

I could see there was evident uneasiness over her face and she seriously did not wanted to masturbate but I wanted to and I asked her to show me her pussy so that I can masturbate "Ok tum matt karo....per mujhe karne do...." By now I was jerking my monster bit faster and looking at my hand Vimmy was amazed to see me growing further hard "Bed per baith jaao...and open your legs..."

I paused but without giving a second thought spoke out weird "show me you pussy....khol ke mujhe apne andar ka Pink color dikhao..." this time it was extremely dirty and but it was good and next I asked Vimmy to try masturbating too "tum bhi try karo....don't look at me...just look at my cock...I am sure tumhara bhi ho jaayega" and just in next few seconds Vimmy's face got inflamed in lust,

I think she was suppressing her desire and ultimately she failed and suddenly stared breathing heavy "baith jaao..." hardly three feet away by now I was sitting on chair and I once again asked her to sit down on the bed and Vimmy did that. Facing me she sat down over the edge and before I would have asked her to open her legs she herself parted her massive thighs to give clear view of her Virgin pussy.

"Ohhh....God...." it was a breath taking view and I puffed in delight while jerking bit faster. Next I asked her to open her pussy lips for me "Vimmy....Open your Pussy and show me your Pink" and puffing in excitement Vimmy did that too. Ohhh Wow behind soft sable bushes she was Pink, wet and dripping, "Ohhh...Yes"

using both the hands Vimmy opened her soft pussy lips and my excitement went so high that now I could not stop jerking myself. "Come on tum bhi rub karo apni Pussy ko....." I asked Vimmy to rub her cunt and looking at me and my cock Vimmy also started moving her finger over her opening and just in few more seconds we both started puffing in pleasure.

"Vimmy tum bahot Sundar ho...aur tumhari Pussy tumse bhi jyada sundar hai..." I was gone mad and Vimmy was right behind me on the same track, gasping in low voice she was rubbing edge of her vertical crack desperately. Heat went on rising, looking down to her pussy with wrinkled forehead Vimmy was killing me every second and suddenly she started gasping differently,

Vimmy clenched her massive thighs together and enhanced her rubbing and looking at her innocent face in such an erotic state I felt volcano erupting in my cock and clenching my teeth I jerked myself faster and finally busted with a shudder. My cock quaked in my fist, for an instant entire blood of my body passed through my cock and in the end thick stream of white sticky jizz erupted over its tip.

I spewed out on floor massively with 2-3 jerks and next moment watching me cumming in front of her eyes Vimmy also climaxed. Closing her eyes with a shiver over her soft milk mounds Vimmy cried erotically in husky voice and took couple of hick ups before getting calm.

Climate was cool but we both were sweating, easily it was my heaviest load ever and looking at Vimmy's worn out face it seemed it wad her best orgasm ever. "Mazza aa gaya..." looking at her innocent face with mild sweat all over I spoke while puffing and feeling shy she started picking up her clothes.

"Tumhari ass bhi bahut Sundar hai..." I spoke as Vimmy turned around to get one of her outfit from the bed and she instantly turned back. "ab aap jaao yahan se....mujhe neend aa rahi hai..." after getting exhausted Vimmy was feeling odd, "Sow jaao aise hi Nangi...main tumhen raat bhar dekhta rahunga...." "Mama aap pagal ho gaye ho...aur aapne mujhe bhi pagal kar diya hai"

as fever was over, she was stressed a bit "relax...humne kuch bhi galat nahi kiya hai...humne sirf ek dusre ko apni body dikhai hai aur masturbate kiya hai..." I tried comfert her. For an instant she looked into my eyes but did not spoke anything and facing away from me wore her clothes quickly and moved to washroom.

Time was somewhat 3, sensing her unesiness I didn't had any hope of getting anyrhing else from her so I decided to leave Vimmy alone and after wearing my clothes and cleaning my mess from the floor I came to living room over the couch and rewinded whatever happened in last couple of hours.