LETTER FROM A STRICT MOM (II) - THE SEAT OF LEARNING

BY MAX SMART

Part 5

I tried. It was impossible. I was attached to the chair until
Dave decided to let me go, since I couldn't reach the switch.
Once Dave attached my legs and arms in their normal places I
found that my vital parts were pretty much immobile. Then Dave
carefully adjusted the length of the strap to fit my shrinking
pussy.

"N-no need to actually spring it, Dave, I clearly can't move." I
ventured with a weak chuckle, hoping to spare my poor, long
suffering cunt.

"Ah, but you might struggle harder with a little incentive." he
pushed a button.

Whap!

"Ahhh!" I yelled. It was the slowest of the three settings, so I
just felt a sharp but manageable sting in my pussy, but I also
felt a bit of pain in the rear as I was unable to keep from
jerking against the butt plug. It was abundantly clear that there
was nothing I could do to take my pussy out of the direct line of
fire. Our last technical problem was solved! And, by the way,
Dave made the butt plug removable so that the chair could in fact
be made to look perfectly normal between sessions.

A few more observations on the theory underlying the operations
of the "Seat of Learning". It may occur to you, professor, and to
your readers, that when a subject is engaged in a "learning
session" she might find it very hard to concentrate on later
questions after having received a penalty or two, especially if,
for example, she managed to get a question wrong on all three
tries. Recall, if you will (I hate to!) how difficult it was for
me to remember what I was about after having only received two
"penalties" in a row. (I still thank my lucky stars for getting
that question right on the third try). Our feeling on this is -
yes, it could easily happen that a "subject" could get very
distracted by the sensations she might be experiencing, and that
this might cause her to do worse on subsequent questions than she
might normally have done. In fact, it could easily happen that a
"subject" could become distracted enough to lose virtually all
ability to concentrate. Well, we say, so much the more incentive
for her to be much better prepared the next time. So much the
more memorable the experience, the "aversive" effect of the
session. And, yes, we admit it, so much the more enjoyable for
us, for we believe that the parent should be allowed the right to
enjoy as many aspects as possible of the otherwise exhausting and
sometimes discouraging discipline process.

****

But now, let us return to our little naked teenage girl, whom we
left still sitting (impaled?) on the Seat of Learning, her limbs
tied, pretty much immobilized from the waist down, and
desperately wondering exactly what was in store for her. Her
breathing was rapid - causing her pink-tipped large breasts to
rise and fall attractively, her legs well spread, giving a good
view of her bald pussy, which was hanging over empty space. A
shimmering sheen of sweat covered her smooth teenage skin. All in
all, it was a pretty appetizing picture she presented, especially
to Dave and Timmy I had no doubt.

I had a sudden urge, perhaps a somewhat cruel one, and I acted on
it. Reaching down toward Nancy's knee I said, "Are you still as
ticklish down here as you used to be, dear?"

"Y-yess! No! Mom! Mom, I'll wet myself!"

"You'd better not!"

"Agggghahahah! Agggghahahaha!" I tickled her knee remorselessly
for about thirty seconds, during which time Nancy seemed ready to
go off the deep end, laughing, screaming, begging me to stop.
Wonderfully, even though her upper body was able to jerk around
some, causing her boobs to flop from side to side, her hips and
legs remained perfectly still. It was a successful experiment,
except that I was mildly disappointed that Nancy hadn't disgraced
herself by losing control of her bladder as she had threatened.
Had this occurred, of course, extra punishment would have become
necessary... regrettably...

"Cool!" said Timmy.

I turned to smile at Dave and noticed that he seemed to be
staring in fascination at Nancy's crotch. "It's plumper than I
thought." he mused, almost to himself.

"Dave," I said, "Don't we need to, uh, line things up?"

"Oh, yeah."

Nancy flinched again as yet another hand reached downward toward
her vulnerable lap. This time it was Dave's hand and this time he
reached between Nancy's legs and *underneath* the chair seat to
pull out the end of the strap which was dangling from the arm of
the electric motor. Nancy had not been able to see any of this
mechanism because it was located just under her bottom. Her eyes
widened as she saw Dave's hand return with the end of the leather
strap. She gasped and became rigid with tension as he carefully
pulled the strap up snug against her plump cunt. Poor girl! What
must she have been thinking? Clearly she was putting two and two
together. It must have been obvious that the strap and her pussy
were going to have something to do with each other that probably
wasn't going to be too pleasant for the latter.

The strap came about an inch short of where we wanted it, namely,
such that the end would connect right over Nancy's pinkly erect
clitoris. It had been perfect on me. Perhaps this short fall was
due to the super plumpness of Nancy's tender organ.

"Oh, p-please t-tell me what you're going to do. PLEASE! Oh,
please don't hit me *there* with that thing." Nancy pleaded.

Dave ignored her and, reaching under the chair, turned an
adjusting wheel which moved the apparatus a little bit forward,
until things were adjusted just right. He is a stickler for
detail, especially when it comes to his children's education! We
hope, Professor, that you haven't forgotten that this entire
exercise was for the sake of Nancy's progress in school.

"There." Dave said, "That strap and your pussy are all lined up,
Nancy. But I'm afraid I couldn't help but notice even more
telltale moisture down there. Hmmm. And your clit seems a bit
swollen." With that Dave filcked Nancy's clitoris sharply with
his index finger, drawing an amusing squeak from the young
captive.

"Eeeeek! Ohhh! Don't hit me *there*!"

Dave swung the reading board around, adjusting it so it was in
easy reach of Nancy's face. He held out the electronic pen, "Open
up Nancy."

Once she took it in her mouth he explained the test to her,
referring vaguely to "penalties" for missing questions, but not
detailing exactly what those penalties might be. It occurred to
me that one difference in Nancy's situation with what mine had
been was that Nancy was going to have to go through all twenty
questions, whereas I had been allowed to stop after only one.
Dave, Timmy and I sat ourselves on cushions right in front of
Nancy so that we could monitor the "area of operations" - namely
Nancy's plump, bare, slightly gaping cunt.

As anyone knows who has taken multiple choice tests, if you have
anything like a clue about the subject matter you can almost
always eliminate two of the five possibilities for any question.
If Nancy could just do that much, she could assure that she would
never feel the harshest of the three velocity settings. If you've
done a moderate amount of studying, you can almost always narrow
the choices down to two - in which case you would never have to
experience any penalty worse than the slowest speed. Admittedly,
even that speed produces a sting that one would definitely want
to avoid, but it's much better than getting the other two in
addition.

I'm afraid Nancy was especially poorly prepared. We had picked
Biology for her first training session, because we knew it was
her worst subject and that she skipped most of her Biology
classes and never studied. She stared at the first question for
the full thirty seconds, unable to make a choice, when Whap! came
the first penalty - the strap made stinging contact with her
pussy.

Nancy screamed and the pen fell out of her open mouth. She didn't
even try to recapture it she was so surprised and so preoccupied
with her physical sensations. As the next ten seconds passed we
watched as Nancy's vulva turned a shade pinker than normal and
listened to her moans and pleas, "Ohhhhhhh! That really hurt! Oh,
stop, I can't stand it there!"

Whap! The second level penalty came into play.

"Agggghooowww!" the yell was torn from her as the intense smart
radiated through her body from her crotch. This time she seemed
to remember that her only chance was to answer the question
correctly. She grabbed the pen with her teeth and almost blindly
thrust it into one of the holes. Unfortunately for her, it wasn't
the right one. The strap connected with the tender organ at the
fastest of the three speeds. WHAP!

"Yeeeeeoowowww! Ow! OHHH! OW!" she roared and cried, again
dropping the pen. You could tell by the straining of her thigh
and calf muscles that she had a hard time holding down the
jerking of her hips, but of course she had to because of Mr.
Dildo. While the next thirty seconds passed, during which Nancy
should have been reading the next question and attempting to
answer it, we enjoyed listening to her cries and pleas for mercy
and watching the coloration of her pussy move more toward the red
end of the spectrum. It was clear that Dave had adjusted the
strap correctly because the strap mark ended just past Nancy's
clit.

With about ten seconds to go Nancy seemed to remember what she
had to do. She grabbed the pen and attempted to read the next
question. While she was reading time ran out and she got another
first level penalty. This time she managed not to drop her pen
even though she was obviously hurting quite a bit and gave a loud
groan. Before the next ten seconds past, she made a choice. Alas,
it was incorrect and she received another second level penalty.
Whap!

This time she again dropped the pen as she yelled out and threw
her head around in agony. She was just trying to grab it again,
when she got her sixth penalty, level three - WHAP! She roared as
one demented, begging, promising anything, for mercy. Meanwhile
we watched her cunt turning darker red. It seemed to be swelling
as well, although that could have been an optical illustion
produced by the color change.

She was just picking up the pen again when the first level
penalty for the third question hit. She jerked and yelled but
held onto the pen. She had been prepared for that one, and seemed
to realized that her only chance lay in holding onto the pen and
doing her best to answer the test questions. She was covered with
sweat, panting and trembling, trying to concentrate on the test.
I could tell that the tears in her eyes were making it hard for
her to read the questions.

As you might imagine, despite her desire to do well, the test did
not go well for Nancy, although the rest of us found it very
entertaining and exciting. She was just not prepared. She did
manage to answer a few questions, once she gained the ability to
hold onto the pen through her screams of agony (although she
never did manage to hold onto it after a level three penalty).
She passed out after the level three penalty on the second to the
last question. Dave stopped the timer while I held smelling salts
under her nose.

"Ohhhh! Where am I? Ohhh, my pussy is burning - it's on
fire...Ohhh!" she complained, bringing a laugh from all of us.
She gradually came back to consciousness and began weeping
bitterly. I reminded her that she was taking a test and had one
question to go. Dave flipped the chair back on. Frantically she
read the last question and guessed. She was wrong. Whap! The
strap made pitiless contact with Nancy's poor pussy.

"AAAAAYYYYYEOOOOW!" she roared as the pen fell out of her mouth.
This was only a level one, but by now her cunt was extremely
sore. as well as very very red, swollen, and slightly bruised.
She couldn't seem to get the pen back in her mouth for either of
the last two chances, both of which produced wonderfully dramatic
audio-visual results. After the last one she fainted again. All
in all she must have received some forty smacks - of which a good
ten were level three. She had done very poorly, but I felt
certain that improvement was just around the corner!

Dave flipped the switch to deflate the anal dildo and we helped
pull/pry Nancy up out of the chair. We carried her to her bedroom
and lay her on her back. She woke up when her sore bottom touched
the sheets. Immediately she spread her legs wide to avoid
squeezing her tender pussy. Dave took the time to adjust Nancy's
socks, which had fallen down again.

Dave said, "Nancy, you had a miserable score on the test. I'm
afraid you made less than ten percent. One of the rules of this
training program is that you get an additional penalty when you
get less than twenty percent or two additional penalties for less
than ten percent. So you get two. Here's the first one."

And with that, Timmy and I each took a leg, pulled them apart and
back, so that Dave had easy access to Nancy's most intimate
areas. Her bumhole looked a bit red and a bit swollen, most
likely owing to its encounter with the expanding dildo. Dave
gently inserted a gelatin suppository well up her bottom, which
seemed to still be quite well lubricated. Nevertheless Nancy must
have been quite tender back there, because she yelled at the pain
of the invasion.

"And here's the second." From an unmarked jar, he got a glob of
white cream and started applying it to Nancy's swollen, tender
pussy. She jerked and whimpered at the touch, but Timmy and I had
her pretty secured so Dave could apply the cream thoroughly,
including her clitoris and inner lips. He also rubbed some cream
into and around her bumhole. It actually seemed to sooth her a
bit... for the present.

The suppository contained a high concentration of ginger and the
cream was extra strength Ben Gay.

Dave gave Nancy yet another of his "affectionate" slaps on the
butt, drawing an anguished yelp from her, and Timmy and I
released her legs. We left her alone, and waited downstairs. A
few minutes later a series of high pitched screams and squeals
reached our ears, the wonderful sounds of a teenage girl who was
well on her way toward better grades and a promising future.
(Music Swells).

For about a week Nancy demonstrated a pronounced tendency toward
bowleggedness, but soon she was as good as new. Her study habits
and her grades underwent immediate improvement.

****

As I write this Nancy is sitting on the Seat of Learning next to
me, taking a Biology test. She is dressed in her school uniform
as quite befits the proper young schoolgirl, except that I know
that she has no panties and her cunt remains bare. So far she has
answered 17 questions correctly... Oooops!. She just missed one!
Often the last two or three questions are more difficult...

Is the Seat of Learning too harsh? Some might think so. We say,
"How harsh is it to live your life second rate, to not get the
best education that you can get? Isn't a short bit of pain worth
a transformed life?" Nancy's life had already improved since her
one-time encounter with the birch, and with the help of the Seat
of Learning her grades have improved dramatically. For Nancy the
Seat of Learning has been a tremendous aid to the focusing of her
mind. Does she appreciate it? Not yet. In fact she hates it, but
we are confident that one day she will thank us.

We're considering introducing The Seat Of Learning to the public
via an infomercial.

One other question that might have occurred to you or your
readers. Can or should the Seat of Learning be used with boys? We
don't know yet, but we certainly feel that the need is just as
great. Obviously it would have to be recalibrated, maybe
redesigned. Timmy hasn't been in need of it as yet (although I
think that he's starting to show signs of slippage in his school
work), and my husband is strangely reluctant to act as an
experimental subject, which doesn't seem at all fair to me. I
have a vague idea for a modification to the Seat of Learning that
might make it useful for boys involving replacing the strap with
a pair of chopsticks. Perhaps Nancy would be willing to help in
the design - what do you suppose? After all she's doing so much
better in school now.

Sincerely, A Strict Mom

