Oh what a job to be a priest listening to confessions
By Bhuralund@gmail.com

The priest at the church we go to was very stressed after two of his colleagues died because of a sudden illness one after another. There were only three of them in the first place. I am a devout catholic and very religious. I am also very friendly with him so I tried to be agreeable to him when he asked me to assist his new trainee priests. Most of the duties were not very difficult to comprehend and follow but he was unsure when it came to confessions. "They are inexperienced in this sort of thing and may lack maturity in their responses during confessions," he explained before requested me to volunteer to be with them during confessions. My eyes widened at his suggestion as confessions are confessions and one shouldn't meddle with the process but he insisted and I agreed to be with the new priests. But I was to be a silent participant and only supposed to gesture with my hands if what they were saying was okay or not so that they would get the cue and change their response accordingly. After I agreed, he was relieved and introduced me to the three new trainees.

The church was part of a government initiative to rehabilitate convicts from the prisons and my church had got the three trainees from a far away church. It was a good idea as if they were not local parishners would never recognize and question them. The first one was a dark Pakistani named Abdul who was just released after a prolonged investigation about his involvement in a terrorist attack. The other two were black - Jeremy and Troy - who had just finished time for raping seven women.
So I was a bit intimidated when I was introduced to the three large dark men. Their handshakes were firm and my hand seemed tiny in their paw like iron-hard grips.

My first assignment was with Troy. Although 45, he was in perfect state of fitness - his shiny black skin healthy and his biceps and neck muscles rippling. He was wearing the customary robe cuffed at the neck and as we stepped in the confession cubicle, I had to slowly get used to his body odor - nothing foul smelling, I must say but a bit tangy and acrid like stale sweat and musk mixed together. The cubicle was rather small so it was a tight squeeze. There was a thick black curtain hanging as partition. They couldn't fit another chair so they had provided a cushion for me to sit. As we were waiting for the first confession, I had this overwhelming urge to fall asleep especially after the long-winded sermon. And Troy's thick muscular thighs could have been a nice pillow I chuckled to myself and fought the sleep off.

One guy walked in and started rambling about how he had been unfair to his children and now felt guilty blah blah blah. I was surprised that Troy was very kind and considerate in his responses. He looked at me for approval and I gave him the thumbs-up sign. He was doing very well till the seventh confession, it was close to dinner time and dim lights were switched on. A woman walked in and sat silently for a while. Troy encouraged her to confess and finally she spoke in whispers.

"Father, I have sinned and am guilt ridden for doing so."

Troy: "What pray tell me, have you sinned, my dear child?"

After some hesitation and further cajoling from Troy, the woman whispered: "I may have cheated on my husband father."

Troy: "You do not seem sure, my dear."
"I don't know father and I am dying of my dilemma."

Troy: "If you tell me, I could help, my dear."

"Father, my dilemma is that I was not involved willingly. So is that considered cheating?"

Troy: "If you want me to help understand the dilemma better, speak up, my dear. Have no fear."

She whispered: "A few weeks ago a man molested me."

Troy: "Molested you? Did he touch you somewhere?"

"Yes."

Troy: "Where?"

"Ahem...well, on my body."

Troy: "Where on your body?"

"On my breast...ugh...chest."

Troy: "But you were wearing clothes?"

"Umm...actually no."

Troy: "So this man touched your bare chest? How did that happen?"

"I was at home showering when the doorbell rang. I opened the door in my towel. There was man with a letter. Just when I reached to take the letter, my towel fell down."

Troy: "I see. So the man accidentally touched your bare chest while he was passing the letter to you?"

"Err...not really father. I had already taken the letter from him but I forgot to pick up the towel."

Troy: "So? Did you pick up the towel later?"

"Since my hands were busy, I had no choice but to ask him to pick it up for me father. Then I asked him to wrap it around me. So when he was wrapping the towel around me, he touched my breasts."

Troy, I could see, had handled the situation very well so far but now he was getting a bit restless. I could see beads of perspiration on his high, shining black forehead. And I couldn't blame him, I too was getting a bit excited with her confession, the way it was unfolding so to encourage Troy to go on I nodded and gave him the thumbs up again. He wiped his brow with the hem of his robe. When he was done, his robe fell off his thighs and I saw his tree-trunk thick black thighs. The sod was not wearing any trousers underneath his flowing robe.
Troy: "So he tied the towel around you, and touched your breasts in the process and then left?"

"Oh no father. He didn't leave immediately. Actually, his hands were trembling a bit and the knot of the towel opened again. So I had no choice but to ask him to tie it again. And then he touched my breasts again."

Troy: "That's it then? Did he leave?"

"I wish he had left but just then the phone rang and that sort of scared me and I jumped. As I jumped the towel fell down again and because the floor was wet slightly I slipped and fell on the man. I am plain lucky that he caught me before I hit the head on the floor. Again, his hands landed on my breasts."

Troy: "You mean both hands?" 

"No. Only one hand was on the breast. The other hand was holding me from between my legs. I think in his rush to stop my fall he just grasped whatever came in his hands."

Troy: "So what exactly was he grasping with the other hand?"

"Father, that's my dilemma. His palm was on my...my...how do you say?...my mound."

Troy: "Mound? What the fu...I mean what's that?" I tugged at Troy's robe to admonish him but that only made the robe fall all the way to the side revealing his entire hairy leg. The other side of the robe also fell to the other edge and I came face to face with a lazy but very fat and long uncut cock peeking from under Troy's sexy black thong. I pinched myself to see it I was not dreaming. Troy was indeed wearing a tiny black thong. His black balls were spilled over one to each side of the thing and his giant cock - was completely extended out from the side of the thong.

"Sorry father, I meant my vagina. I really can't blame the poor man for what happened afterwards because I keep my pubic hair shaved so the vagina-mound was smooth and slippery because of the water. I would like to think that is why one of his fingers slipped inside my vagina while he was trying to hold me."

Troy: "You are saying that his finger went up your twat...I mean vagina while he was saving you...hmmm...now that doesn't seem like cheating to me. Go on..." I could see that Troy was enjoying his role as a priest and although I was a bit intimidated by his horsecock which was continually growing up and was dangerously close to my mouth, I was rock hard. I had never imagined myself in such a situation and although I am not gay or anything, I was fiercely fascinated by this new black priest's humungous cock swaying in air with each sentence of the woman's whispered confession.

"Thanks father I am so relieved to hear that you don't feel it was like cheating. Although I must confess that I am not sure now whether it was just one finger inside my vagina or a few. I was breathing really hard and he must have thought that I was having convulsions or something so he tried to listen to my heartbeat. But the way we were positioned, he accidentally put his mouth to my breast. To help him hear my heartbeat so that he would go away, I put the nipple of my other breast in his ear. He must be a little hard of hearing because he didn't hear a thing even though I continued to rub my nipple in and around his ears. In fact, instead of calming me down, he started groaning himself and I had to caress his back and behind to soothe him down."

Troy uncuffed the collar of his robe and pulled it open, revealing a broad chest rippling with muscles under its heavy coat of kinky curly black hair. Then he started massaging his broad black nipples and asked: "Go on child, you did the right thing to soothe him down as he was only trying to help you. So how long did you soothe him by massaging his ass...I mean back."

"Thank you father. Actually not long as I was afraid someone might see us in this situation and misunderstand. So I asked him to carry me to the lounge. Fortunately he was so strong and smart that he carried me like a rag doll and at the same time latched the front door too. Then he threw me on the lounge."

Troy (now his black cock was rock hard and a thick dollop of precum was rolling down slowly along its long and fat shaft...he was slowly pumping his shaft): "Oh sweet Jesus. How could he throw you like that? That's a sin."

"Oh no father, don't blame him. He was in a hurry as he had another parcel to deliver. I think he just wanted to help me as fast as possible. He would have surely gone but I was very uncomfortable after he abruptly pulled his three fingers out of my pus...vagina. I was dry and as he pulled out his thick and long fingers, he might have caused some abrasion and I cried out loudly. Poor thing, he was in such a tearing hurry that he couldn't ask me where some cream was and just dropped down to his knees and quickly smeared some of thick gooey saliva all over my pus...vagina."

Troy now pulled the robe completely off. He also pulled his thong off and threw it on my face, giving me a wink. I smelt his strong black musk from the thong and my cock tented up. Then he said: "its okay darling, use whatever words you are comfortable with. Remember it's your confession so you should be at ease with the words you are using. So he smeared his spit on your pussy with his hands?"

"Thanks father. Nope the wretched man started smearing his saliva straight from his mouth. In fact his mouth was clamped tightly all over my pussy mouth. But I must say it was calmed my pussy down a bit. But I have this medical condition where if I get a little horny, my pussy starts itching deep inside and then it can make me very uncomfortable. Unfortunately, as he was soothing my bruised pussy with his thick nigger lips, I started getting aroused. I think that's my sin."

Troy: "No way honey. Any human being would have reacted the same way. I can only imagine how you must be feeling at that moment...I am a nigger myself and I know we are very good at making women aroused using our thick nigger tongues...so I won't blame you at all for feeling horny with that black delivery man. He was the one sinning...it was his duty to calm your horniness down completely with his tongue or with any other body part that could do the job. I hope he didn't sin completely and leave you high and dry with an itchy pussy?"

"No father. He was a good devout man. As he felt me squirming under his mouth he got up and pulled out his cock. Father, I must tell you. I was shocked to see such a nice specimen of a cock. It was huge father, I can't tell you how big it was but I thought that was the first real cock I have seen."

Troy: "Oh fuck. That sounds awesome. I have been in that situation before where I had to service...I mean help a damsel like you in distress. Even I would not bother taking off all the clothes. So how big was he?"

"I would say 10 inches long and still counting. But he was very wide - about six inches and that's why I got scared. Because it was not really rock hard to soothe the deep seated itchiness in my pussy, I offered to help him by making it harder."

Troy: "That's blood good of you. But how did you manage that?"

"He helped me decide the method. I was really confused but when he came closer and pushed his cock in my parted mouth, I knew that was the best thing to do in the circumstance. I sucked his cock till he was rock hard."

Troy pulled on his cock slowly and kept spreading his precum all over its shiny head and glistening black shaft. Slowly the smell of sex rose in the tiny cubicle. I could also hear the wet sounds of Troy's black hand going up and down his wet shaft. He said: "How long did you suck that black cock and how much of the 10 inches could you take in?"

"Don't underestimate me father. I deep-throated him down to his smelly and kinky pubic hair and I sucked him for a full ten minutes before he was ready to fuck me...I mean to soothe my pussy. Father? May I ask what this smell is about...because when the black man was making me suck his cock...it was a similar sort of funky, musky aroma that filled my nostrils...and I hope I am not sinning if I tell you that I am starting to feel that same itchiness deep inside my pus...pussy that I felt at the moment when I was blowing his black manmeat."

Troy: "Ummm...Don't misunderstand me child but I am in a same condition as the man whose cock you were sucking and it is getting a bit painful."

"Father, if you like I can relieve you of the painful condition. But I worry it may be a sin I am committing."

Troy: "Oh no way honey. You will just be helping a suffering priest in any case, it would be a sin for you and me to see each other so my friend here can assist you," then Troy spoke to me, "BL can you please pull the curtain over my cock? If you do this then both the lady and I will not have committed the sin." I stood up on my knees and pulled the curtain in such a manner that Troy's lower body was now exposed to the woman. In the process Troy's cock slapped my face and I had to hold it off to avoid any contact. I think the woman was in a rush because I was still holding Troy's throbbing large cock when the woman's mouth descended eagerly on his cock. She started sucking like a cum-hungry bitch in heat. She even sucked some of my fingers in the process.

"BL, be a kind soul and help the woman release my load...caress my hairy balls while she is sucking my cock," Troy ordered me and I just couldn't resist. Just then the curtain parted slightly and too the breath away from my chest. There, down on my her knees, her one hand furiously pumping her own wet pussy, was my wife sucking Troy, the new priest's black fat cock. I quickly hid behind the curtain. Troy had now put his hands around the curtain to hold my wife's head and he was slowly humping her mouth by raising his big and tight black hairy ass.
Troy: "Baby, good as you are in sucking my juices out, I want to hear your confession so that we can complete the process. Why don't you turned around and let me take care of your itchy pussy while you narrate your confession."

I quickly sneaked a peek to see my wife raise her long skirt all the way to reveal a panty less moist shaved pussy. Since I was still holding Troy's giant cock, I felt it was my duty to slowly place its mushroom purple head at the entrance of my wife's slick pussy. The rest was done by a slow and steady push by Troy as he thrust forward and my wife was impaled on his 11-inch long and seven inch thick cock. My wife's pussy was stretched to its limit as Troy started fucking her slowly. The entire cubicle was filled with unmistaken smell of my wife's funky pussy and Troy's man musk and sweat. As they fucked themselves slowly, my so far prim and proper wife continued her confession.

"Ahh...yes father that feels so good. Much better than when the black delivery man shoved his monster cock in my scalding hot itchy pussy. Oh god, oh father...the relief I felt then and am feeling now has no description...every inch of my pussy was invaded by that black intruding cock. And he fucked me senseless just like you are fucking me now...father, give it to me hard...fuck me with you godly cock."

I pulled out from under the curtain and started slowly licking the holy union of my wife's pussy and Troy's cock. It was delicious but I was just scared of being recognized by my wife. Then Troy abandoned all priestly pretence and pushed me away. He held my wife by her waist and pounded her pussy like a true rapist. He fucked her for ten minutes and my wife continued ranting about how the black deliveryman had pounded her pussy.

"Father. You are the best...fuck...yeah...better than the deliveryman even...you know he fucked me with his cock for only five minutes and spilled his black seed in my fertile pussy...I could feel his cum spurt straight at the entrance of my womb...I could feel the rush of his sperm to race and mate with my fertile eggs..."

As she was saying this, Troy lost all control and slammed deep inside my wife's pussy. I quickly clamped my mouth at the root of his cock and my wife's pussy and as expected, a torrent of thick ropes of cum started flooded out of my wife's rather outstretched pussy. I swallowed it all up till Troy pulled out his deflating cock out of her badly beaten pussy. I quickly hid behind the curtain. Troy pulled my mouth on to his cock and I cleaned his softening cock of all the remnant of convict-priestly cum mixed with my wife's cheating pussy juice.

Then I gently pulled the thong back on the priest and helped him into his robe. Once he gained his composure, he sat down, still slowly pumping his soft cock. Then he said: "There my child. Don't you feel your pussy's itch was reduced?"

"Yes father. Thank you. But I have still not finished my confession. Actually I had several similar dilemmas that happened with the milkman, mailman, garbage collector, plumber, servicemen at the petrol pump and many more. I feel more confident in confessing to you...shall I see you tomorrow again?"

Troy smiled and replied: "Sure sweetie. Anytime. But if you have too many confessions maybe I can come to your home and hear them all out together. If you feel that it's better to confess to different priests, don't worry I can bring two of my colleagues along - one is black and as good as me, and one is a Pakistani thug who has not had his cock serviced for a long time. So shall we meet at 2pm tomorrow? I am sure your husband will be at work and that will give you all the privacy of confessing."

I shot my load all over my pants at hearing this. And my wife whispered back, "That would be lovely father. After all if I am confessing to priests, I am not cheating behind my husband. See you tomorrow. Sorry father, now I must rush, my husband and father-in-law must be waiting for me outside."

The End. 