The Tale of the Blue Bikini
by archchancellor©
The beach wasn't crowded, the schools had started to go back and the few stragglers that were holidaymakers were catching the hot weather that was a bonus at the beginning of September. I was in my lunch break when I first saw her and her friend down by the waters edge two dark haired females paddling. 

The girl in the white bikini had the better figure but the bikini didn't flatter her and she seemed to be more concerned with how she looked than having fun. It was the girl in the blue bikini I watched. The bikini appeared to be too small for her and was stretching around her breasts and hips showing a great deal of her body, yet she was unconcerned as a higher wave broke over her calves and she laughed as the water sloshed up her skin, her friend taking several steps away from the wave.

I settled down to my lunch as they disappeared round a breakwater from view. 

It was a squeal of laughter that brought my attention back to them.

Down at the sea again the girl in white standing just in the water whilst the girl in blue was in the sea up to her waist, the skin on her breasts glistening from where a wave had obviously gone higher. As I watched she left the water, pulling her bikini briefs loose from where they clung to her body. I packed my lunch away and moved for a closer look via the seafront telescope. 

Focusing down on the two women, I could see the girl in white lying front down, her arm lying over the other girls' stomach. Through the telescope I could see the cleavage of the girl in blue, her breasts covered by the two small triangles that pretended to be the cups of her bikini top. She turned her head and said something, rolled over and her friend reached up and pulled the tie straps of the top, in anticipation I watched as she raised her upper body, my cock rising in my pants, the voyeur in me seeking satisfaction, any second now I would see her breasts hang free, 'a little higher' I whispered to myself. 

All went dark in the eyepiece as the telescope clicked shut and I cursed my luck, I began to get more change from my pocket and checked my watch, I had to return to work. I saw them again later that day, they were walking down the street, both dressed in tops and jeans and that I thought was that.

A week later I was strolling along the sea front on a day off when I saw her and that bikini again. She was on her own by the water and I checked the beach to see if her friend was around, spotted the single towel and decided to move closer and sat where I could observe her getting wet as at first she paddled and then suddenly turned and dropped in to the sea to swim. As she swam she moved further along the beach so that when she came out of the water she had to walk up the beach past me, her nipples stretching the material of the bra that barely covered them, her pussy lips clearly outlined against the wet material of her panties. I turned round to watch her hips and arse as she passed me, the blue bikini material ruffled between her legs as though she couldn't be bothered to straighten it. Suddenly she turned her head to look at me and I knew I had been caught out.

Have you got a light? I looked up into the barely covered blue cleavage, a smiling face and an unlit cigarette waving around in front of it, her body still damp from the water.

'Sure' I replied producing my lighter. I lit the cigarette. 

She said thanks and turned to go, her bikini pants were up into her arse now almost invisible, it was a beautiful sight from so close and I needed more. 

'Maybe you could spare me a cigarette?' I called, hopefully.

'Okay, the packets over there.' She pointed at her things.

I stood and followed her across the beach, watching as she bent over and the panties slid even further becoming nothing but a strip of blue material over her holes. 

She straightened and turned, in her left hand the cigarette, in her right the front of her panties gathered and pulled, the material stretched up between her legs a thin band of blue between two dark pink lips.

'Join me.' she said sternly, pointing to the ground. It wasn't an invitation and I sat down hurriedly. 'Take off your shirt.' I did so.

She knelt down and pushed me back, dropped the cigarette next to my head and kissed me, forcing her tongue between my lips and into my mouth. I went to reply in kind but she pulled away. 

'No you don't.' 

She put her hand on my crotch and then down to the bottom of my shorts. I felt her hand under my shorts.

'Swimming costume?'

I nodded and she rolled off me. 

'Stand and take off your shorts.' I did as required as she stood and once my shorts were off she took hold of my hand and led me to the waters edge.

'I take it you swim?' I nodded in the affirmative

She pushed me ahead of her and I walked out into the waves with her behind me, prodding me whenever I stopped, until I had no choice but to swim and for a moment all seemed well until she grabbed my head and pushed it under, then ran her hand down over my back and arse. 

'Go back to the beach and lie down.' 

I watched her swim from the towel and then as she left the sea I lay down and waited.

She stood above me, straddling my body, dripping water on to my crotch and smiling as she dripped before sitting on my crotch, finally falling forward to lay face down on top of me. Her kiss was long and hard and as she broke away for a moment her hands moved down the side of my body and she began to push my trunks away, easing them over my buttocks and then along my thighs. I felt the air on my cock and then she was kissing me again sliding her lower body over my cock, covering it slightly as she did so and using the motion to push my trunks the remainder of the way down my legs over my toes and I could feel them lying against the soles of my feet. She moved her hands behind her and then sat up, the top of the bikini was left on my chest and I stared at her breasts, wanting to touch them, kiss and caress them and knowing deep within such a move would not be tolerated. She moved her hands over her breasts, pulling at her nipples and teasing me with little comments and all the time grinding her arse and cunt against my naked cock finally she leaned forward and picked up the bikini top holding it stretched wide as she placed it over my eyes and as she tied it in place I could feel her erect nipples rubbing against my chest as her breasts swung against me. As my vision decreased my sense of touch increased and the thrill of exhilaration her body once more covered my cock seemed to make it stretch further than ever before as though searching for her cunt with a mind of it's own.

I felt her slide forward and I knew that my cock was exposed to the air it's twitching body there for anyone to see as from the slowly increasing pressure on my upper body she lowered herself until her breasts were just above my mouth with her erect nipples brushing my lips. She teased me and then moved back covering my cock again. With her hand she squeezed my face and dropped her mouth to mine, another pulse of pleasure running through me as her breasts squashed against me. 

I could feel her moving first one hand then the other until she lay still, her mouth working mine, her tongue buried inside me, suddenly raising her hips there was a pull of material over my cock and I worked it out. 

I waited and her tongue had stopped moving, indecision? 

She raised her head then moved forward, lifted her hips and sliding a hand under my cock to push it up slightly she slid back down again until I felt the warm wetness of her cunt cover my cock. I could hear her hand rattling something in her bag and then felt something land on my chest and she spread it all over me down my chest to my cock, from the smell I guessed sun tan cream.

'This; is for me, voyeur,' she said and almost as soon as she had finished speaking she began to kiss me again viciously biting at my lips and commanding my tongue be used attempting to suck it from my mouth, at the same time she began to slide her body forward until I was almost coming out, and then slide back as though trying to take not only my cock inside her but my balls as well.

Her breathing was getting heavier and I knew I was close to coming when she sat up continuing to bounce on my cock and from her movements I knew she was rubbing her clit until with a groan I felt her cum over my cock her cunt pulsing with her orgasm as her juice covered my thighs until she finally stopped collapsing on me and I tried desperately to cum myself, willing my cock to spurt but to no avail. 

She rolled off me, pulled the blindfold off my eyes and for the first time I saw her naked, greased body, gleaming with sweat and lotion and a still glazed look in her eyes. As I watched, she pulled her nipples and yanked them hard out in front of her, pulling her breasts almost conical as she did so, she smiled; then the smile was gone. 

'Put your shorts back on.'

'What!' I exclaimed, 'do as you are told and; no, not your shirt, you can wait until I have finished for that.' 

As I dressed, from her bag she pulled a light dress which when she had put it on the small triangular pieces where the straps connected to the dress, only just covered her nipples, the thin material practically see through, then when she turned to lift a pair of sandals from her bag the dress moved forward allowing an unobstructed view of her breasts. She ignored the bikini pieces completely until she was dressed then bent down, picked them up and looked directly at my cock.

'It appears you approve of my dress as much as my bikini. I saw you the other day, when I was wearing this and that's how you knew me today. As you like it so much you can keep it. Now, if you want to keep your cock I suggest that you be a good voyeur and face the sea, then count to a hundred and finally, when you can see, pick up your belongings slowly, if you cheat I will know and at some time in the future you will lose your balls. I don't want you to think I am unfair so I will give you a little help, open your mouth.' 

As I watched she lifted her dress and I saw her shaven cunt as she rubbed the bikini panties round herself, rolled them into a little ball and pushed them into my mouth, the smell and taste of her musky body scent clouding my mind as she tied two of the straps at the back of my head before blindfolding me again with the top. I could feel her hands as she wandered them down over my body, tweaking my nipples as her fingers passed over until finally I felt both slide inside my shorts and stroke my cock, finally she wrapped one hand round it and with the other undid my shorts. I felt movement by me but I was being brought to fulfilment rapidly by very experienced hands and I ignored it until with a grunt I came, my cock spurting cum into the air as she brought me off, one hand pumping me furiously the other playing with my balls, I felt a finger rub up my cock as though siphoning the contents then there was movement and I felt something on my chest.

'You have a nice fat cock and it was a pleasure to bring you off, but I hear you wonder, did I have a taste; now count!' I heard the shingle move as she walked away as I started counting. At twenty five I tucked my cock in to my shorts, by sixty I had undone the straps holding the gag and pulled the bottoms from my mouth by ninety the blindfold was ready to come off and at a hundred I was trying to see what she had written. I turned to see if I could see her but she was gone.
