The Fateless, ch 4: Discovery

Written by James Marcus

https://www.patreon.com/jamesmarcus


	Adam started from the beginning of his day. Jan showed sympathy with his descriptions of how things seemed to always go wrong in his life, she looked like she was going to cry when he told about his date just leaving him in the middle of the restaurant. When he got to the part about Emily she smiled "She sounds like a very lovely girl. You have to call her back."

	Adam smiled at her comment "I intend to." Was all he said as he continued his story.

	As he finished Jan looked at Adam with a newfound admiration. "So that's how you were able to do what you did? Wow this is just insane."

	Adam brushed a loose lock of hair from in front of Jan's face "So you believe me?"

	Jan laid her head on Adam's shoulder with a sigh "If I had not experienced a part of it, I would be calling you a liar and kicking you out of my home, but I was there and I can not dispute what I have seen with my own eyes. It is hard to believe and it is a lot to take in."

	Adam laid his head back on the couch and enjoyed the feeling of Jan snuggling against him. He wrapped his right arm around her and pulled her into a comforting embrace. Suddenly Jan jumped off the couch and turned toward Adam. "The others, are they here watching us?"

	"Um... No, I think they are doing whatever it is they do when they are not with me. Why?"

	Jan grinned at Adam as she chewed on her bottom lip. She cupped her hands in front of her and swayed her hips from side to side. "Can I meet them? Well I have already met Mrellia, but I would like to see the other two. They sound so exotic."

	Adam shrugged his shoulders. "I don't see why not. It's not like they are my pets or anything like that. I'll ask them, if they want..."

	Adam was interrupted by the appearance of Mrellia, Illisis, and Miranda in the living room behind Jan. "Of course we want to meet her, Adam." Illisis stated

	Jan jumped at the sound of Illisis's voice and quickly turned around. "Oh my, you scared the shit out of me."

	Illisis moved up to Jan with a worried look. "I am sorry if I made you defecate yourself, let me help you clean up."

	Mrellia and Miranda both started laughing at Illisis's statement. Illisis looked at the two and back at Jan confused. "Did I say something funny?"

	Jan looked just as confused as Illisis for a few seconds, then as recognition came to her face, she smiled and brought her hand to Illisis's shoulder. "I did not mean that literally. It is a figure of speech. I just meant that you guys startled me when you just appeared like that."

	Illisis looked from Jan to the laughing Mrellia and Miranda. "I am glad the two of you find this so amusing. It is not my fault that I don't get to get out as much as the rest of you nowadays." Turning to Jan, "In today's day and age there just is not that much call for Spirits of Conscience anymore. No one seems to care for what is right and wrong, they just want to have fun."

	Jan grinned as she pulled Illisis into a comforting hug. "You must be Illisis. I am very happy to meet you." She stated as she patted the other woman's back. "And I understand congratulations are in order."

	Illisis pulled back from the hug, slightly, and looked Jan in the eye. "Thank you."

	As the two women separated from their embrace, Mrellia and Miranda both watched with concern and a little worry. Jan turned towards the two waiting women. "I should be mad at the two of you. Mrellia for what you did to my daughter and I, and Miranda for contributing to my husband's death. However, for all that you did for us last night, I am not. I want to thank you for the assistance you gave Adam in his attempts to save Thomas."

	Mrellia and Miranda looked at each other and back at Jan, confusion evident on their faces. Jan simply smiled as she turned and sat back on the couch next to Adam. "So Hon, where do we go from here? You obviously have some wonderful abilities, and I have some very curious desires."

	Adam frowned at Jan's words. "WE, go nowhere, I have a lot of thinking to do and a lot of issues to settle, alone." Adam replied, turning to the ladies standing in front of him. "I am sorry, to all of you, but I have to figure this stuff out, and as long as I have this aura affecting everyone I care about I cannot risk any of you. I need to get a handle on my life and on my new abilities."

	Mrellia frowned as she crossed her arms in front of her chest. "Adam Hunter, if you think I am going to let you run off to Fates knows where by yourself to mope and wallow in self pity, you are sorely mistaken. Besides, you should already know how to use your abilities, you know everything I know."

	Adam shook his head, as Illisis spoke what he was thinking. "No he does not. He did not know about the aura. It seems he only gained knowledge on how to use the abilities, not on what they all were or their limits. The Aura showed that, it was an automatic ability, not one he had to control. Also, he does not have any knowledge beyond what you already knew. Again the aura showed that, he discovered how to lessen its effect, you never even knew it was possible. I agree with Adam, he needs to go and discover his powers and limits, but I do not agree that he needs to go alone," she stated. As Miranda started to interrupt Illisis turned her attention to Adam, "You should take one, or all three of us, and I recommend all of three of us. We are already bound to you, and as Spirits the aura will have less of an effect on us. We are safe from being driven mad by its effects. Alone, you will be vulnerable."

	That last statement drew Adams undivided attention. "What do you mean I am vulnerable? The Fates said I was safe from harm?"

	"From random harm yes, but one thing they left out was that any action you take that results in you being harmed or killed will result in you being harmed or killed. If you jump in front of a person trying to shoot someone and get hit by the bullet, you will still be hurt and can still die. Every action has a reaction, you just have a little more control over the reaction, and it is never random or controlled by any outside force. If you choose to isolate yourself, and someone comes looking for you meaning you harm, you can still be harmed as you isolated yourself from those who could have helped you." 

	Adam considered what Illisis was saying, and then looked at the three Spirits. "Mrellia, why the sudden change of heart? Earlier this morning you were ready to string me up and do anything you could to cause me harm for what I had done to you, now you are all indignant because I want to go away."

	Mrellia looked around at the three other women, all three were watching her intently, awaiting her reply. "Well, that was this morning, I was mad, but after the whole incident with Thomas and how you handled it... I don't know, it moved me and now I find myself worrying about you. It is hard to explain, and if you did not do it to me then I can only blame myself or The Fates, but I care about you a lot and if you were to be hurt or die then I don't know what I would do. Until you grant me my powers back I am bound to you just as completely as Miranda is. I have very few powers and nowhere else to go."

	Adam nodded his head and Miranda took Mrellia in her arms, hugging her close. "Okay, that explains Mrellia, what about you two?"

	Miranda's head shot from Mrellia's shoulder and she stared daggers at Adam. "What about me?" She growled.  "You have the gall to ask WHAT ABOUT ME!? I am bound to you forever, your fate is mine. If anything happens to you I will share in that fate. Yes I got myself involved when I tried to get you to kill Mrellia, but that does not change the facts. I have everything to do with this. I have no desire to see you die, nor to die myself. I will protect you with everything I have and subject myself to your every whim if it will keep me alive and you safe. Is that explicit enough for you?!"

	Adam leaned back against the couch cushion in an attempt to get further away from the angry Miranda. Illisis simply looked between the two and smiled wickedly at Adam. "Let this be your first lesson on spirits Adam, never ever anger a spirit of Rage, they can do very nasty things when angered. To answer your question what about me, you are going to be the father of my child. This baby is very special as it is the first time a spirit has had a child that was not dictated by the fates, and it will be the child of a spirit of the fates and a Fateless. He or she will be very special and will need both of us to help him or her to grow into their full potential. Not to mention that I love you with all my heart and will never allow you to come to harm."

	As Miranda and Illisis were berating Adam about his lack of judgment, Jan slid her fingers down his stomach to his waist and slowly and discreetly began to unbutton his jeans. Adam finally noticed her actions when she had undone the last button and he felt his pants come loose. "What are you...?"

	His question was interrupted by Jan removing his cock from his underwear and sucking it into her mouth. Adam's head fell back against the cushion and a moan escaped his lips as Jan sucked him to full hardness. "I have wanted to get at this since I saw Ginger sucking on it this afternoon." Jan purred before once again sucking his full length onto her mouth.

	Adam was astonished at the skill with which Jan manipulated his member, and he once again moaned into the air as he felt his cock slide into her throat. Jan deep-throated Adams cock as her fingers slid up to massage his balls. The three spirits watched in astonishment as Jan sucked Adams cock deeper into her mouth. With an even louder groan Adam arched his back and came. Jan quickly withdrew Adams cock from her throat and swallowed his cum. As she finished she smiled. "Wow, that was better than I thought it would be."

	Adam recovered a few seconds later and stood up from the couch. "This is exactly what I am talking about. I have had these abilities for less than a day and you ladies can not stop throwing yourselves at me, and I am unable to do anything to stop you or myself once it starts. Please let me go and try to get this all sorted out. If I don't, how can I go out of the house, go to work or visit my family if I have to worry that all of the women will suddenly start trying to have sex with me every chance they get?"

	Illisis put her arms around Adam and rested her head on his shoulder, "I understand, but I don't have to like it. Very well, we will give you your space but Miranda, Mrellia and I will be keeping an eye on you and come to you if you need us."

	Adam hugged her back with a smile. "Thank you my love. I will let you know as soon as I have something figured out. I hope it won't take long, I do not want to miss out on our baby's birth. But where are you ladies going to be while I am gone? I don't think you can all stay at my place?"

	"We will go home", Illisis replied, "we may be your lovers, but we are still spirits of fate and we have homes and families on that plane."

	"Ah, I did not think about that, I am glad you have someplace to go. I love you and I promise I will get in touch with you all soon."

	Jan stopped Adam by resting the palm of her hand on his chest. She slipped his now deflated cock back into his underwear and buttoned up his jeans. "One question, Hon, if you are planning on practicing with your abilities and we are not supposed to be around for fear of you harming us, then who do you plan to practice on? Your powers affect others after all."

	Adam looked around at the women gathered around him and then bowed his head "I had not thought that far ahead. I just kind of hoped that I would be able to practice without effecting or harming anyone."

	Mrellia looked at Adam and frowned. "Well that won't work at all, remember you have the powers of a spirit of desire you HAVE to use them. You will starve yourself if you don't."

	"Starve myself, what do you mean?" Adam asked a little startled.

	"Adam, did you really think you could use all these powers and abilities and not need to recharge? All the spirits not only create the feelings they are responsible for in others but we feed off of it as well. The more desire you encounter the more recharged you will become, the more of your non-desire based powers you use the more drained you will become. Eventually you will have to recharge, your everyday activities burn up small amounts of your energy, and I am sure that your restraining of your aura is eating your power at a significant rate. Eventually you will need to bring out desire in someone, if you don't you will starve and your instinct will take over."

	"My instinct?"

	"Your instinct is your base animalistic self, its only goal will be to feed, it won't care who or how, but in order for you to survive your conscious self will grow weaker as your energy is drained and you will loose consciousness. When that happens your Id will take over and search for a source of energy. At first it will simply feed off the latent desires floating in the air, but eventually it will need more, and once it has enough energy to again influence things it will begin to influence the people around you until it is stated or you are able to take control once again."

	Adam turned ghostly pale as Mrellia explained about his need to feed on the desire of others. "Are all of you like that?" 

	Illisis and Miranda looked at each other and then back at Adam, "Yes and no." Replied Illisis. "We all are energized and fed by the energies given off by mortals when they express extreme emotions. However, I am fed by the feeling people give when they do good things or make amends for the wrongs they have done. So if I do not get enough food, I simply encourage people to do good and moral things."

	"I am fed by anger and I am both happy and sad to say that I never have a need to worry about my energy levels as there seems to always be someone who is mad no matter where I go." Miranda replied. "However Mrellia is right that the spirits of desire always have the hardest time, especially here in this land. People are very reluctant to express their desires, or let themselves have fun."

	"It is not all doom and gloom though Adam." Mrellia stated with a grin. "Contrary to most people's beliefs, desire is not always about sex, though it is the strongest and quickest way to recharge. People desire many things, new cars, better jobs, to be friends with a particular person, or to have a specific house. As a spirit of desire, it was my responsibility to inflame those desires as well, to encourage them to do better in their lives or to make changes so they could achieve these desires. So there are other ways to recharge yourself than making everyone want sex, it's just faster and more fun." Mrellia finished with a giggle. "But if we leave you alone, or if we go with you it will not matter when it comes to your training you will have to practice on other people."

	Adam looked around the room at the four women in astonishment, "You cannot be suggesting..." He stated.

	"I don't know, I can't read your desires anymore, just the thoughts you project to me, so I have no idea what you think I am suggesting." Mrellia replied with a wicked grin.

	"Are you suggesting that I use my abilities on innocent strangers? People I don't know. That would not be right, I could hurt someone, or worse, ruin their lives forever." Adam hissed as he pulled away from Illisis and began to pace around the room.

	Illisis glared at Mrellia, "No Adam, that is not what we are suggesting at all, I feel you should practice on willing participants, like us. Then there would be no moral implications..."

	"Poppycock!" Yelled Mrellia. "You have it all wrong Illisis, he is a Spirit of Desire and a Fateless. Morals have little to do with what he does anymore. He is above the limits of human society. As a Spirit of Desire the only way to push and test his abilities, the only way for him to truly learn to use the powers he took from me, is for him to practice on people who not only are not expecting it, but on people who would normally not be willing to do so. The less likely they would be interested the better." 

	"Oh, Myyy God that is sooo hot." Jan whispered as she brought her hand over her mouth and turned beat red. "I am sorry, I should not have said that."

	"I can not believe this, you two are incorrigible, you are actually suggesting and condoning that Adam use his abilities to have relations with women against their will..." Illisis stammered.

	"Not against their will, well at first maybe, but as his powers hone themselves they won't be able to resist him, and I am not suggesting just women..." Mrellia started to reply

	"I will not have any relations with other men..." Adam stammered in astonishment.

	Mrellia grinned in Adams direction, "Neither did I, as I was saying not just women, but girls too. The less likely they are to say yes, and the less they know about sex, the better his abilities will be honed."

	Illisis stood staring at Mrellia in shock, unable to fathom the words for a rebuttal, when Adam shouted "And just how young of a girl would you suggest I fuck?!"

	"That is entirely up to you Adam, but you forget I already know how young you are willing to fuck, you just don't want to admit it to yourself. Whether you want to admit it or not you are a Spirit of Desire now, and as long as you have my powers they will affect and influence you and all your decisions. We burn with desire all the time, it is what drives us and feeds us, and when it comes to sexual desire the kinkier it is the better we like it. I never asked you to take my powers you simply decided to take them and as Illisis stated earlier all actions have consequences, if you act without thinking ahead, then you will have to live with the consequences." Mrellia spit at Adam.

	"Whether you want it or not, eventually you will have to feed, and sex with the same woman or women will get old and feed you less and less. You will need more new encounters, fresh encounters, and eventually you will get used to the things you do as well and you will need new things to try and to stimulate you. It is a matter of time, and you have all the time in the world, eventually your darker desires will surface and you will act on them." Mrellia stated as she glared at Illisis.

	Illisis glared back at Mrellia as Miranda stepped between the two women. "Ok enough of this, this is getting us nowhere. We all agree that Adam needs to practice with his new abilities for the safety of all of us and everyone else he meets. And we agree that he needs at least one of us with him. Unfortunately, the Aura of Desire that he gives off affects all of us. It will cloud our thoughts and our impartiality during the time he needs to train. I too agree with Mrellia that using us as his guinea-pigs would not be the best option, we are already partial to him and we will not resist his attempts to influence us." Miranda stated as Mrellia stuck her tongue out at Illisis. "However, I also agree with Illisis, it would not be good for Adam or his inner self to simply pick women or girls at random and practice on them. We have to come up with something that will work for all of us."

	"Bah," Mrellia hissed, waving her hand in the air at Miranda and turning away from the others. "None of you understand what it is like to be a Spirit of Desire. Illisis, you are driven to do what is right and just. Miranda, you are fuelled by anger, you want to strike out at those who hurt you or those you care about. I, and now Adam, we desire things, we want to possess everything, and if it catches our eye it must be ours. Whether it is an object, animal or person matters not to us, we must possess. Eventually he will see someone that catches his eye that is not readily available to him and he will not be able to resist the call. If he does not practice with his abilities and learn the limits of his powers, he will not be able to control himself and he will hurt others to get her. Add in that he is a Fateless and it makes the whole scenario even more dangerous. For you and I, if we get out of line as I did earlier today, the Fates can step in and stop us. With Adam that option is not available. Oh, if he does any serious harm to the universe or the grand scheme the Fates will send people to try and stop him, but how many of our brothers and sisters will fall to him before he slips and leaves an opening they can exploit?" Mrellia hissed as tears began to well up in her eyes.

	Adam walked up to Mrellia and placed his hands on her shoulders, "You are the expert on being a Spirit of Desire, and you have made your case. What do you suggest I do then?"

	Mrellia turned to Adam and embraced him, resting her head on his chest and wrapping her arms around his waist. "Let me teach you, as my instructors taught me, grant me some of my powers back. Not much, just the ability to sense other's desires and see what you are doing. First, it will allow me to instruct you better, and second, it will make me a Spirit of Desire once more and make me immune to your aura." She whispered to him. "I will then be able to be with you to help protect you from whatever may be out there that might want to harm you. You are a Fateless and there are powers out there besides the Fates that will want to exploit your abilities for good or bad."

	"Mrellia, I am not sure if I can, you are asking me to do things to people against their will...." 

       "No, not entirely. That is the whole point. In order to use your powers to their full extent, to flex your spiritual muscles so to speak, you will need to use them on people who are not already predisposed to you. I am not asking you to rape anyone. Well not at first, hehehe.." Mrellia giggled as she separated herself from Adam and whipped her eyes. "Sorry, bad joke. What I am trying to say is that you will need to use your abilities to seduce the women, and the only way you can learn to subdue your Aura if it is at all possible is with people who are not already in love with you. If someone has no feeling for you, or better yet does not like you to begin with, then the Aura will take longer to affect them. Jan, Ginger, and Emily I am sure would be more than willing to help you, but your aura would overwhelm them in a few days. A stranger with constant exposure would take at least a week. If you doubt me, then let's ask The Fates. I am sure they would be willing to assist you, they don't want you screwing up their universe after all."

	Adam looked around the room, and nodded, "Very well, we will go ask the fates."

https://www.patreon.com/jamesmarcus

This story is a work of fiction.  Names, characters, places, and incidents either are products of the author's imagination or are used fictitiously.  Any resemblance to actual events or locales or persons, living or dead, is entirely coincidental.


