Final Fantasy Seven: TFLN Cues
(Texts from Last Night)

Rating: T
BETA: Ziggy Pasta…
Cue: "Look at the bright side..."
Warning: Genesis and Sephiroth fight over LOVELESS and Angeal tries to moderate.
Disclaimer: Don't own FF7 Fandom, just using for my own amusement. Do not profit from this endeavour.
Characters: Genesis, Angeal, and Sephiroth
POV: Angeal.

BRIGHT SIDE

Angeal sat down his two friends and scowled at them. They had been bickering in public and it had been an absolute embarrassment for them both to act like such … such children in front of the executives like that.

"You two have been bickering all week. It's getting embarrassing! Why were you two being so childish?" He crossed his arms and looked at both the men. They both sat in their chairs and were looking down at their laps. They deserved to be scolded for cursing and pushing each other like that. "What's been going on between you two?"

Genesis spoke first. "He's not listening to me."

"All you do is spout off poetry and whimper about the goddess!" Sephiroth responded. "Why would I want to keep listening to the same blather?"

Genesis rolled his eyes. "Because it is a wonderful piece of poetry that can be applied to how our lives …"

"I am sick of listening to you rant about it!" Sephiroth snapped and crossed his legs and arms as he glared at Genesis.

"Would you rather I talk about all your heroic exploits?" Genesis yelled, sitting forward in his chair and glared at him.

"That would be more interesting," Sephiroth said, glaring directly into Genesis eyes.

"Hey!" Angeal yelled and they both looked at him with both their mouths set in firm lines. "That is what you two have been fighting about for a week? LOVELESS?" He knew that his childhood friend was obsessed with the book but this was going a little far, and from the look on Sephiroth's face, he was no longer enamoured with the poetry that constantly spouted out of the red General's mouth.

"He is a self-centered, stuffy, selfish jerk!" Genesis yelled and pointed towards Sephiroth.

Sephiroth gave a small grunt. Angeal expected him to be angry but a smirk formed on the silver-haired General's lips. "Well, look on the bright side of things," Sephiroth said as he uncrossed his legs and leaned back in the chair in an uncharacteristic relaxed pose. "I have an eleven-inch penis."

Angeal covered his face with his hands and groaned.

"Hmm," Genesis hummed. "That is a good point."

Angeal wished he kept his face covered as he watched Genesis crawl into Sephiroth's lap.

"Look at the bright side...I have an 11 inch penis" Inspirational Text, and yes, I totally went there. Poor Angeal.

There is now a TFLN FF8 being written by Aaron B... he asked permission before taking on the task. Just so ya know it is out there. Here is the linkage...without the spaces of course
http:/ www . fanfiction . net / s / 6027591 / 1 / Final_Fantasy_Eight_Texts_From_Last_Night