My Shy Wife Makes My Buddies Day
byfatfree©

My wife Jessica and I began dating in high school. She is beautiful, but despite me telling her time and time again, she isn't sure of that. She dresses great, weighs about 105 pounds and is five feet four inches tall. Small A cups that she wishes were bigger and a nice, round butt. She is thin and athletic and all my friends have always at least thought of her in impure ways. :)

She and I never broke up, and she has no experience with other guys. My friends never even got the satisfaction of a description of her bedroom habits, much less a peek at her sans clothes.

In college, I had a lot of guy friends and lived in a house with 5 other guys. Our girlfriends slept over all the time, but we had our own rooms and it was pretty private. One of my room mates, Eric, was particularly taken with Jessica (my now wife), but she never so much as accidentally showed any flesh to the guy. She did walk from the bathroom to our room in a towel now and then, which made the other guys wild. I was the same way with some of their girlfriends. These chicks were young and looked good. Jessica in particular though is tight, prim and hot as hell.

A couple of years after college, Jessica and I got married, you know, the usual. A few years after that, she was pregnant. She stayed thin, but now she had the look of having swallowed a basketball. Her A cups grew to B's and her nipples darkened a bit. Still looked damn good. Shaving down below fell to the way side and she got hairier down below than I thought she could. Kind of a turn on strangely enough.

Over this time, I had lost contact with Eric, hadn't seen him in a few years.

Eventually, the day came. Of course her contractions came in off hours, and her regular gynecologist (a woman) wasn't on call. Well, beggars can't be choosers and an older guy took her gynecologist's place. No big thing, we were busy with the spinal anesthesia and getting ready to get that baby out.

It was quite the scene. She had been given a gown, open to the front, and was it the splay legged position with bare feet in stirrups. She had monitors on her belly and the gown had basically fallen off. She was with me and a room full of strangers (only one other man) She was only a bit embarrassed, but I think the event kept her mind off the show she was putting on. Then, in walked my old friend Eric. He was smiling ear to ear, wearing the short white coat of a medical student, and his eyes were fixed on the open hairy pussy of my wife as he walked to take his place next to the Gyn doc. He had clearly looked at the chart, knew we were in this room, and decided he wanted to volunteer to "help". He waved at me and I just stared. The Gynecologist just started to talk him through the delivery. My wife had a obstructed view and, for the moment, had no idea that Eric was looking at her in a whole new way. I walked over to the business end and looked at her. Her pussy was wet, swollen and slightly open. Her anus had darkened a bit with pregnancy and was on full display in her position. My buddy was about a foot and a half away from that hairy little ring and he was having a good look. Her tits, bigger than usual, were firm and pointing up in full view as well.

About now, the gynecologist called Eric by name and my wife saw him. He had been in for about 3 or 4 minutes before she yelled for him to leave the room. The older doc seemed surprised, but sent him out and the rest went smoothly. The next day, Eric came in to apologize, claiming that he didn't realize that she was in the room when he went in. Definite B.S. Worse yet, he brought his wife, who as it turned out, belonged to Junior Auxiliary with my wife. Looked like we would be seeing them at events here and there.

Of course, all my friends got the down and dirty description that Eric could provide. My friends got their long hoped for description of the tits they had wanted to see, and of course, everything else from clit size to how much hair she has on her anus. They guys still email me goading me about this, since I had held out so long on any details. Jessica remains mortified and wanted me to tell her how much he saw. I thought about lying, but I didn't think that would work. I told her that he had seen everything while she was sweating, hairy and naked. Luckily she hadn't been able to feel anything below her waist during delivery due to the spinal, so I didn't tell her that he had checked her cervix once before he had been sent out.

The guy is supposed to be at her Junior Auxiliary ball next week.
