Coming Home to Roost
By Kathy B.
kathybxx@hotmail.com


Part 2

I must have stared at the computer screen for a good five minutes. 
Nothing changed. I was still looking at a picture of me, sixteen 
years old, wearing a sheer nightgown and smiling up at the camera.

I remembered the party. My best friend's parents were up in the 
mountains but let Patty throw a slumber party. When they heard we had 
the house to ourselves, half a dozen boys came over and things got 
pretty wild. We were drinking to boot so I don't remember everything 
that happened but I know I woke up in Patty's parents' bed with a 
different guy than the one I climbed in with.

Truth be told, that party wasn't all that unusual for me. When I was 
in high school, I was one of the 'easy' girls. My parents had gotten 
divorced and my dad really shafted my mom. She worked a lot of hours 
and wasn't around much to supervise me. She also realized her looks 
were fading fast and was a little manic about finding a new partner. 
I watched her dress provocatively every Friday night before she 
headed out and I ate breakfast with her 'company' the next morning. I 
rarely saw the same guy for a whole month. Like any good daughter, I 
modeled myself after my mother.

I kept my virginity until two weeks before my sixteenth birthday, 
when Steve Vogt talked me into the back seat of his Cougar, behind 
the gym. Blowjobs were my standard fare, pretty much a given if you 
took me out on a date, and I assumed that's what he wanted this time. 
He did, but after I sucked him off and swallowed a nice load of cum, 
he offered to go down on me. This didn't happen very often- guys knew 
I'd suck their cocks whether they did anything for me or not- so I 
was thrilled. Two of Steve's buddies were watching through the window 
as I pulled off my panties, laid back on the seat and braced my legs 
on the roof of his car. Steve wasn't a very good cunnilinguist, but I 
guess he was pretty cunning because he waited until I was just about 
to cum before he quickly slid up my body and pointed his cock at my 
pussy. I started to push him off but I felt a small pop and then he 
was in and it felt GREAT. I was so close I came immediately, then 
again a minute later when I felt his seed squirt into me. Throughout 
our short coupling, his friends were whooping and pounding on the 
roof with their fists. I'm sure they thought they were next but I was 
a little sore so I talked them into blowjobs instead.

After that night, I was up for almost anything, anytime. Guys used to 
try to come up with things I wouldn't do. There weren't very many. It 
got to be a bit of a game to see exactly where my limits were. You 
get the picture. Every town has a slut, I was ours.

That all changed when I went away to college. I knew I had to 
redefine who I was so I deliberately went out of state. I became a 
born again virgin and concentrated on school. When I met Mark in my 
junior year, he thought I was fairly inexperienced with boys. I never 
told him anything different because there wasn't a reason to. Mom had 
remarried and moved to Florida so I had no reason to go back to the 
town where I grew up. I had successfully shed my past.

Until now.

I needed some time to figure out a way to deal with this. I didn't 
want my family or my neighbors to find out about my reputation. If I 
blocked my kids from the Internet, they'd just get on at somebody 
else's house. I dreaded talking to them about it but somehow I was 
going to have to confront them and convince them not to pass the 
pictures around. Too many people already knew. Based on what I'd 
heard, they still didn't know much. I could minimize the damage. What 
do they call it in the Army, acceptable losses?

I started across the room, intending to sneak away and retrieve my 
car, but stopped when I realized my shoes were missing. Shit, they 
were in my room! I'd have to sneak up and get them. Unfortunately, I 
could hear the kids coming down the hall.

I was too far away to make it back into the closet so I slipped onto 
the deck and edged along the wall of the house. When the door opened 
I was already over the railing. I crawled underneath just as the kids 
deposited a load of snacks on the picnic table. The deck was so low I 
barely fit but I managed to wedge myself in. I pressed my face 
against my hand to quiet my ragged panting as the kids began to talk 
again.

"These pictures are unbelievable," I heard Jason say. "I can't 
believe how big her knobs were."

"Hey, that's my mom you're talking about," David protested.

"Yeah, well, your mom has watermelon tits," laughed Larry. I looked 
through a crack between the boards as the table erupted in laughter.

"Too bad you girls don't have boobs," Jimmy said, earning him a cuff 
from Sarah.

"I wanna see some more of those pictures Shadow wrote about," Kevin 
said. "It sounds like he has a few more of her."

"A few? He said he had lots," Beth pointed out. "But you're not going 
to get any more. He said we have to send him some of ours to get any 
more."

"Too bad we don't have any," David complained.

I smiled as I realized I was going to come out of this all right. 
Without fresh pictures of me, the kids wouldn't get any more of my 
old ones. I could live with the three they already had. The damage 
was minimal and the kids would move on to something else before long. 
I'd just stay quiet and do nothing.

When I looked up I saw Sarah looking through the crack. Our eyes met. 
After several seconds she turned back to the others, who were trying 
to figure out a way to get pictures.

"We've got tons of pictures," Jimmy pointed out. "Let's just send 
some of them."

"It won't work, stupid," Jason grumbled. "He wants them like they 
ones he sent. Got any of those?"

"No," Jimmy replied, after a moment's thought. "We have some of her 
in a swimsuit, though. Maybe he'll take them."

Kevin snorted. "I've seen her swimsuit. No good."

"What if we sneak into her bedroom after she falls asleep?" Beth 
suggested. My Beth!

David brightened. "That might work! Dad is gone all the time so it's 
just her. We could get a few pictures of her in her nightgown. Then 
we'll have something to trade."

"What are you going to do when the flash wakes her up?" Sarah asked. 
Thank God she wasn't telling them I was under the deck. "Or you find 
out she wears a flannel nightie to bed?"

"Oh, man. She'd kill us," David agreed. "That's out." The others 
glumly shook their heads.

"Don't worry about it," Sarah said. "I have an idea."

She waited until everybody was listening. "I won't tell you what it 
is but you have to trust me. I can get her to pose for us as long as 
we do two things."

"What's that?" came the chorus.

"One, nobody outside the seven of us, and Shadow and Cindy, will ever 
know. This is private and it'll be ruined if it gets out."

"I agree," Beth said. "We have to keep this quiet." Everyone else 
nodded. She turned back to Sarah. "What's the other one?"

"The other one is you have to give me the pictures you printed out 
and not print out any more." She held up her hand as the groans 
started. "Listen, it'll never work if somebody's mother finds them 
jerking off to one of her pictures. We print one copy and I'll hide 
that in a safe place. If she knows she won't get caught as long as 
she does what we say, she'll do it. I gotta be able to promise her 
that. We'll keep the pictures on your guys' computer and the rest of 
us can look at them whenever we want." When they didn't respond, she 
added, "Don't forget, you're going to be seeing the real thing. 
That's better than pictures any day."

"How are you going to get her to agree to this?" Kevin asked.

"Yeah. She's going to kill you," Beth agreed.

"No she won't," Sarah answered, looking down at me. "She'll realize 
this is a good deal. We all have fun, nobody gets hurt and nobody 
knows. I think she'll be happy to do it. I think she's going to love 
it."

Everyone handed Sarah their pictures. After a few more minutes of 
chatting, the group broke up. Sarah continued to sit on the deck 
until everyone was gone.

"I think it's a fair deal," she said, looking into the house.

"Sarah, listen," I began. "I can't wear clothes like that in front 
of... "

"No, you listen," she interrupted. "I just did you a huge favor. If I 
didn't collect those pictures, I'll bet they'd have been all over the 
school within a week. One of those guys would've screwed up and you 
know it. I protected you and you owe me. This way nothing leaves the 
house, except for some guy a thousand miles away. All you have to do 
is copy a picture. You won't be wearing- or doing- anything you 
haven't done before. It's a good deal and it's the best you're going 
to get. Play games with me and I'll personally put these pictures up 
on the bulletin boards."

I thought, then agreed. "All right, but I don't like it. This has to 
stay quiet."

"If you behave, it will. Tuesday and Thursday from six to nine will 
be Camera Club Night. That's only twice a week, not very bad. Are you 
going to do it, or do I need to buy some thumbtacks tonight?"

"No, I'll do it," I said. "But just sexy clothes, not naked or 
anything more."

"Hey, don't tell me," Sarah said. "It's whatever you did twenty years 
ago."

That's what I'm worried about, I thought glumly as I wriggled out 
from under the deck.

Sarah chuckled as I stood up and brushed as much dirt as I could off 
my ruined blouse. "Don't forget, tomorrow is Thursday. I believe 
we'll start with the gown, braless. I'll tell everyone you invited us 
for supper." She spun and disappeared through the door before I could 
protest.
