Holiday excitement

My girlfriend is in her mid 30s, blond and slim - cute face and small but firm tits. One of our first longer holidays together was Tenerife, last year.
We looked for a top class hotel and found one with excellent rooms and really good swimming-pools. When we arrived, we also found that the roof of the hotel had two areas reserved for “nudistas” only, in between was a "normal" area. We both like nude sunbathing, so we spent most of the time up there in the seperated areas. Best thing with these areas was, that they weren’t crowded at all, most days we were the only people there. They were protected from sight by a high wall/border of about 5 feet. My girlfriend simply stripped out of her bikini and oiled up.
I often took my camera along and we took photos of each other there - well, mostly, I was taking pictures of her in and out of her wicked weasels. She’s rather uninhibited (see another story of mine for this, too) and likes the excitement and thrills. However, after a few days we started to tease each other and thought of dares we would like to have fulfilled. We started with little ideas but got bolder along the way.

At one time she wanted me to remove my bathing trunks in the pool in the normal area. I said I would, but that would be very tough and I would then go to the extremes, as well. She agreed. So I got my cock out in the pool early in the morning, when hardly anyone was there - no big thing in the end. I even got out of the pool naked and redressed on a sunbed as a bonus. After that we arrived in the nudist area and I said I wanted to take pictures of her again. After a while I wanted her to climb on a box in the middle of the area. She laid on it and fooled around a little. Then I asked her to stand up - the box was big enough, so that she would clearly be visible from other parts of the hotel, the border of the area was now knee-high for her. She looked around if anyone could see her, but she couldn’t see anybody, so she dropped her towel and let me take pictures of her lovely body, her firm tits and her shaven pussy. This went on for quite some time, like two or three minutes, until she suddenly ducked away and let out a short but loud scream, quickly grabbing her towel. She then smiled and laughed, and when I asked, told me, that there was a couple in the non-nude area that had noticed her. I looked that direction and saw two people, most likely in their 50s, who looked into our direction from about 90ft away. They waved their hands - seemed they enjoyed the show. My girlfriend was excited, so I dared her to jump up the box again for a final nude shot - as a bonus. She protested, but then jumped up again really quickly and showed her stuff once more, the other two looking at her. 

In the end, that picture wasn’t as great as the one on which she notices the spectators. She’s fully nude and the look on her face is fantastic!



Since this event, daring has become a major thing for us in our holidays. Well, mostly for me. My girlfriend sometimes dares me, too, but it turns out I am more imaginative.

I have worked out a voucher for this. For three weeks of holidays, she gets a task every second day. On our last holiday to the Canary Island of Fuerteventura, she got ten tasks to do with three “prizes” to win. After three fulfilled dares, she would get a full-body massage from me, after six fulfilled tasks, she earned a candlelight-dinner for two in our favorite restaurant on the island, after ten fulfilled dares she got a weekend off at the Baltic Coast in Germany in autumn.
One of the tasks on Fuerteventura was to visit a public place fully naked. She could decide, at which one she wanted to flash, so she could choose the hard or soft option.

On our first days on the island, we hired a car and travelled around the island. Basically there is not much to see apart from a few mountains and calderas. However, she managed to find a place where a monument for a famous poet (?) from Fuerteventura was built. It was close to a village that seemed more or less abandoned, apart from the goats there. So we went to the statue and before I could say anything she simply dropped her summer dress and handed it over to me. She got out her tanning oil and started to apply it all over her body. She said, she had to make sure she didn’t get a sunburn. Her tits were really well treated and her whole body was shiny. Her shaven clit seemed to sparkle in the sun. However, she didn’t allow me to help her. 
Then she asked, what she could do for me, gave me a kiss and grabbed the bulge in my shorts. We usually don’t wear any underwear when on holiday, so she quickly noticed that my little friend had grown a lot. She pulled me behind a wall, opened my shorts and pulled them down and began giving me a handjob, supported by some lovely blows in between. She didn’t make me come, though, saying I’d have to keep “that stuff” for later.

However, she was bold and stayed naked for all the time we were looking at the statue. As you can imagine, it took me quite some time to really inspect this thing. She also took a closer look and offered me a perfect view of her ass and pussy.

After some minutes we wandered back to our car. I asked her if she wanted to earn some extra credit and she agreed. So I told her to get dressed again but stay topless in the car until our next destination. She did. A few cars passed by, and in one village we had to stop at a traffic light. There were a few people, and if they weren’t completely blind they should have seen that my girl was topless... She kept on smiling all the time, a mixture of being horny and feeling a little insecure. Out of town, she began to pinch her own nipples and make them hard. I had something hard, as well...

That day, I really had problems to keep my cock under control. These dares really add some excitement to our holidays. One of the best ideas I've ever had!


Another dare on Fuerteventura was to have a dinner in a restaurant near the sea in Morro Jable - the challenge being that she had to wear her short summer dress and nothing underneath. This was the usual way she dressed, but I also dared her to flash at least once when the waiter was around. Let me introduce her dress to you: it was in a grey and brown mesh colour and very low cut. As her tits are small, they are quickly on display as soon as she bends over. It is not very long, either - it’s not a mini skirt, but it doesn’t reach her knees, as well. Not the kind of dress you wear, when you go out in your home town. Unfortunately, it’s not see through - but there’ll be another story about the see-through dress, later.
The dare was to give the waiter the chance to see her tits and her crotch at least once. We know him from various visits in his restaurant, and we know he is open-minded, so we hoped, he wouldn’t make a fuss out of this.

We arrived at the place and were brought to our table. It was outside and directly at the promenade where many people walked by in the evening. The waiter was kind enough to offer my girlfriend the place with the view over the sea, so she would sit with her back near the wall. My place was next to her, so that I couldn’t see the sea, but had a look into the restaurant through the open window.

At first it was rather disappointing, because a waitress came to bring us the menu cards. She asked us about the drinks and left. We studied the menu and made our decision. After a while the waiter (!) came out and brought our drinks. My girl realized this, soon, and leaned over on the table to let the top of her dress fall open. She acted as if she was still looking for the right dish, while the waiter placed the drinks on the table.
I watched him doing so and he quickly noticed the show and had absolutely no inhibitions to take advantage of it. It seemed like he needed a bit of extra-time in placing the beer and wine on the table while ogling at my girlfriends breasts. They were so much on display, that I could also see what was going on from my place. He finally left with our orders.
The first thing she did was to take a deep breath and drink some of her Chardonnay - quite some. We both laughed. Every time the waiter came out again, he made it to our table, and almost every time my girlfriend gave him a glimpse. Her nipples were very hard - she either was cold or turned on... with temperatures of 28 degrees Celsius this wasn’t really the question. I told her that she had to go through the whole thing or this wouldn’t count. She replied she needed some more time - and wine.
Little later, well, two drinks later, the food came. The waitress brought it this time, so there wasn’t anything to do. After she had left, the waiter came outside to ask how the meal was - we hadn’t even started! He waited next to us and we tried the food. With this, my girlfriend opened her legs - boy, that was exciting. She turned her left leg away from the table and let the waiter have a good look. With this, everything was visible. I must admit that I didn’t see the waiter’s reaction, because I was so turned on myself and had to look. She then closed her legs again and continued with the food, and after some time the waiter left. My girlfriend gasped, I told her how brave she was. Without waiting too long, the waiter was there again, bringing us some Spanish drink (43 - cuarentaytres, in case you know more about this) and said, as we were returning guests, he wanted to invite us... how nice. Again, he got his eyeful of tits, but nothing more.

We enjoyed our meal and he popped up sometimes, “to check if everything was alright!” Yeah, right! After a few more of the 43 we felt quite tipsy. The sun set. Without asking for it, my girl opened her legs again and gave me a good view inside. You could feel that she was in a good mood, because she didn’t mind anymore. Only then I realized that the people passing by could also have a look, if they were figuring out what was going on. The darkness made it harder, though. I told her but she replied, that they could see it on the beach, so why not here... the drinks really helped her!

At the end, we ordered “la cuenta” and prepared to leave. The bill was quite nice, though: Only the food and one round of drinks - no more, and none of the five rounds of 43s...



Another dare turned out to be exciting and more...
I dared her to wear a see-through blouse at a public place but she forgot to pack it into her suitcase when we left Germany. To solve this problem we visited almost all available shops in Morro Jable that sold clothes, hoping to find a see-through blouse. It took us quite some time until we finally found one, it was red and white and especially the white parts were clearly see-through. Then came the twist - she said it was my turn to pay the blouse. Well, thanks - did I forget it? So I replied that I would, but she would have to do something for it. It took me a few moments to think about something, but then I requested that she went into the changing room, took of her white tank top and went out topless and get the blouse to try it on. It was only about two or three metres away. She laughed and said “Wait, until the kids are out” - there was a family with two children which really shouldn’t be involved. As soon as they left, she went inside, didn’t close the changing room door, took off her top and stepped out topless to grab the blouse. She smiled at me, took it, turned around and went in again, without closing the door. It all happened in a few seconds - the shop owner looked irritated, rather than surprised, and the couple who was standing on the other side of the room didn’t seem to notice what was going on. Looks like she waited for the right moment. She tried it on, changed back into her top, handed me the blouse and went to the cash desk. There came another surprise: The blouse was 45 Euro! I asked the owner if it was made of pure gold, but he didn’t seem to understand - or didn’t want to... At least the way was clear for another dare ...



