Mom, Sister and I 

By

JSR

This story is about mom, sister and me. It happened when I was a senior in high school. I am Ted. Mom is Mary, and my sister is Sandra. I was 17, mom was 35 and Sandra was 13, at the time. My dad had died in an industrial accident a couple of years before.

A little more background. Mom was a very outgoing person, in contrast to Dad who was more of an introvert.  Both Mom and Dad always told me to do my studying, and not worry about the girls, that there would be plenty of time for them after I got my education. With this upbringing, my social skills were very lacking, and I was very awkward around girls. My sister was given the same advice and she was not comfortable around boys. I had never had a real date with a girl and Sandra, was having a hard time communicating with the boys in her age group.

Shortly after my senior year started, I came home after school very warm day. When I entered the living room, Mom was asleep in a chair. She had on a halter top and shorts. However in her sleep I saw that one of her boobs had come out of the halter, and her nipple was on display. Anyone coming to the door would see her boob and nipple. I looked for a few seconds and then went into the kitchen to get some cool water. 

When I came back into the living room a few minutes later, mom was awake, but her boob was still outside of her halter, but she seemed not to notice. I started to tell her that her boob was on display, but she shushed me and told me to sit down, that she had something to talk to me about.

She said that she had talked to my math teacher that morning, and was a little concerned. I said, my math grades are very good what is to be concerned about? She said the math teacher was not worried about my grades, but about my social interaction with the rest of the class. Two thirds of the class were girls, and I always got red in the face, and tongue tied when I had to speak to one of them, and even when I spoke to her, I would get flustered and stammer a lot. She said that when one of the girls, or herself would pass next to me, and would accidentally brush their breasts against me, I would get beet red and could not talk for a few min. For a high school senior, I was more like a grade school kid. Mom said she had explained that I was brought up to concentrate on studying, and not worry about the girls. 

The teacher told her that going to collage, next year would be a bad experience for me if I didn't learn to speak and interact with women. I would probably be placed in study groups and would have to talk to the girls in the group as well as the boys. She also said that sometimes a group would consist of only one boy and one girl, thus I would have no choice but to talk to them.

Mom then told me to take the rest of her halter off. I turned beet red again, but did as she ask. Now both of her tits and nipples were where I could see all of them. Mom then taught me how to play with them, and said that when I could play with them without blushing, I would go to the next lesson. I thought that this seemed odd, as I surly would not be playing with tits and nipples in a study group. Mom said that this was to let me be aware that there is nothing mysterious about female tits and that I should learn not to let them distract me. Also she said that talking to the girls would be like talking to her and/or my sister. There was nothing to get flustered about.

The next day, when I got home, mom was standing in the doorway with nothing on above the waist. I am sure that some of the neighbors probably saw her that way. As I entered the house, mom made sure that her boobs brushed against me. Again she had me play with her tits. I still blushed a little, but it sure was fun to play with them. I was kissing the nipples and rolling them between my thumb and forefinger. I also sucked them like a baby for a while. This also happened the following day. I was getting use to seeing and playing with them. Mom made sure that we were finished with these lessons before my sister got home from school. Sandra usually got home about an hour and a half after I did.

This continued every day that week.

The following week, when I got home, mom had on slow dance music. She said that I needed to know how to slow dance properly, and the girls would appreciate it. I started with about 3 inches between us. Mom then pulled me close to her and said that dancing is a vertical expression of a horizontal desire, and as such you always keep your bodies as close as possible. She said that her tits should be boring holes in my chest, and that she should feel my dick pushing between her legs. She also said that it is normal for the man to get a hard on when dancing with a woman, and he should let her know by letting his hardening dick be felt by her. Several times that week, she had us both undress and dance so that we could feel each other with out clothing. (this was the first time I had seen her pussy since the day I was born). This she said would allow me to know what was happening to each of us. Her tits felt great against my chest, and by the time we would finish, pre cum would be on her pussy and legs. A couple of times I had an orgasm and her legs were stick with cum. She just laughed and said that I needed to learn some control.

A couple of weeks later, mom said that we needed to practice in public, so on Saturday night, we went to a dance club. It was one that mom and dad used to go to before he died. When we got there, it was a bit early. We got a table near the dance floor, and we were the only couple on the floor for a couple of dances. A while later, some people that we knew, and mom and dad used to go out with, showed up, and joined us at our table. There were now 4 couples. Mom leaned over to me and said that I should dance with each of the ladies. 

The first lady I danced with, when she felt my dick getting hard, said you are just like your dad, he always had a hard on when he danced with me. Tell me does your mom still go to dances with no panties on? I told her I didn't know, but I did know that mom wore no panties. 

The second lady I danced with told me that her daughter thought I was the best looking boy in our class, but that I was very shy, but you do not appear to be shy to me, and you feel like you know what you are doing on the dance floor. I told her that I did not think that Stacy (her daughter) even knew who I was. You are all she talks about at home she said. She then took my hand and put it inside her blouse, She was not wearing a bra, and I played with her nipples while we danced. On the way back to the table, she told me to come over sometime when Stacy isn't home and we can have some fun.

The third lady, had a dress on that buttoned down the front. On the dance floor, she slowly unbuttoned her dress and took my hand and rubbed it up and down on her bare skin from her tits to her pussy. She had nothing on under the dress. She then opened my fly and took hold of my dick and said, I think you are bigger than your dad was. What does your mom say about that? I told her that mom had not seen my dick since I was a baby. She said if you were my son, I would have the big dick inside me quite often. She only buttoned the 3 middle buttons when we went back to the table. She sat next to me and quietly put my hand on her naked pussy, then she took 2 of my fingers and placed them inside.

I got up to dance with mom again, and she said it looks like you could fuck all three of them anytime. If you can, do it. It will be some good lessons for you. Don't worry about their husbands. Those three plus a few more couples that we know, swap partners on weekends when their kids are gone, so there would be no would be no problems. I ask her if her and dad had ever swapped partners, and she said no your dad would let me do anything I wanted, except fuck someone else. Anything I ask? Mom then admitted that a couple of ties, dad had let her suck another man's cock, but would not let them fuck her. She said that was about the only thing that they had ever argued about. I ask her, you wanted to swap? She said, before I met your dad, I had several different sex partners, so it was difficult for me to give up the way I was, but I did because I loved your dad so much. I had to think about this a while.
 
We left shortly after that. We had to check on Sandra, as she was home alone. On the way, I ask mom if she had fucked anyone after dad died. She said that she was to busy taking care of me and Sandra to do that. She also said that she missed having sex. I said in a joking manner, well I am here. To which she replied, I never thought of that. I then kissed her on the cheek and put my hand in her lap. Her skirt had bunched up around her waist, and my hand landed on her pussy. She shuttered and said that feels great, but Sandra will be up when we get home.

At home, Sandra was just getting ready for bed. She forgot that I was with mom and cane out to see her. She only had on her pj bottoms. Her small starting to form tits were sticking out, about 2 inches. She saw me and quickly turned around so her back was to me. Sorry Ted she said, I didn't know you were here. I said well little sister, it looks like you are starting to grow up. She put her hands in front of her perky tits and turned back around and said, how big are you anyhow? Mom then said Sandra go into your room, and Ted, its time for you to be in bed also.

Monday when I got home, mom was nowhere in sight. I called out mom you home? And she answered in here. Here was her bed room. I entered her room and saw mom lying stretched out on the bed totally nude. Do you remember what you said to me on the way home Saturday night?  We talked about several things, which are you referring to? I ask. Where you said in a joking manner that you could take dads place in the bed room? I said that I did, and she said then take off your clothing, and I will give you your first lesson on how to please a woman in bed. My dick was instantly hard as a rock. I did not have to be told twice. This very desirable woman wanted wanted me naked and in bed with her, and even if it was my mom, I was going to loose my cherry.

I got on the bed and mom started kissing and playing with me. She said this first time, we will be quick, as I haven't been fucked in 2 years, and this is your first time, so we will just put your cock inside me and you can cum when ready. It took a little time to get inside her, as I wasn't sure how to go about it. Mom rolled onto her back and had me get between her legs. She then took my cock and placed it in her pussy lips and told me to slowly push it into her. I had just gotten my dick fully inside her when I ejaculated inside her. I must have put a pint inside her. It just kept spurting and spurting. When it stopped spurting, I started to pull out of her, but she told me to just lie down on top of her and let it come out on its own. She wanted to feel me inside her for a while since it had been so long, and she said that my dick inside her was wonderful and better than dad's had been. She said I was about an inch longer that he was, and he had 7 in according to mom. 

We laid there with me on top of her for quite a while. All the time I was sucking her nipples. Mom then looked at the clock and said that Sandra would be home in 10 min so we should take a quick shower together and get dressed before Sandra arrived. 

We got into the shower and mom decided to give me a blow job. After that I finger fucked mom. We were just getting out of the shower when Sandra, came in to use the bathroom. The look on her face was priceless. She looked at mom then at me, and said Ted, I want you to take my cherry tonight. Mom got a surprised look on her face and said you want Ted to fuck you tonight? Sandra said mom I told you I wanted him to be the one to take my cherry, when I was sixteen, but since you are fucking him, I want it now. I ask when did you tell mom that? I always thought that you did not want me around.

Mom said, she told me on her birthday. I thought she was kidding, but I should have know better. Sandra, it cannot be tonight. You are not on birth control, and we don't want you to get pregnant. Sandra answered, You are not on birth control either, and you could get pregnant as well, so I want it tonight. 

I said are you two going to fight over me? I can't imagine anyone doing that. Mom said, no there will be no fight. You sleep with Sandra tonight, and we will start alternating. This week, Sandra get all the fucking that you can give her, but both of you still have to go to school. Next week, Ted will sleep with me.

Sandra told me that night that she had wanted to have my baby every since she had sex education classes. She also said that if mom got contraceptives that she would not take them. I will take nothing to keep me from getting pregnant with your child. Also, I will do anything that you want me to do. I love you so much. 

I told mom word for word what Sandra had said, Mom said that we needed a lifestyle change. I have a nice cabin on 80 acres of land that my grandfather left to me. When either Sandra or I get pregnant, we will move there and live as your wives. We will be right at home there, as my grandfather was my real dad, and he and mom lived there as husband and wife after my grandmother died. She never knew that her husband and her daughter had a child.

Now I can honor my grandfather/dad by having a child by my son, and my daughter having a child, by her brother. 

Both Sandra and I will be your sex slaves and I want to have at least 3 of your kids. Sandra should have at least 5.

I am now 30. Mom gave me 3 kids, a boy and 2 girls. Mom died giving birth to my 4th child from her.
Sandra has given me 4 kids so far, twin boys and twin girls. 











