Keywords: FF, cons, interr, rom
Part: Chapter 125
Author: Miranda Mars
Title: Laura's Story - an Interracial Lesbian Romance

Chapter 125



          Exhausted from fucking with Cecilia and Bernice, Laura was 
    shocked and stricken with guilt to find a message on her answering 
    machine from Trina when she got home.

          "Hi, you home yet, said you'd be home today, just call me, 
    okay?"

          Oh god, Laura thought.  She felt a real pang in her heart.  
    Here this delicious woman who loved her had been patiently waiting 
    for her return, while Laura had been, it almost seemed, out fucking 
    every beautiful woman in sight for the past ten days.  Barbara, 
    Rhonda, Alison Sax, Kim, and now Cecilia and Bernice.  She had 
    been to bed with six different women, twice with two at the same 
    time, all the while professing in her heart her deep, passionate 
    love for Trina.  What a shit you are! she told herself.

          Even though it was past eleven, she picked up the phone 
    immediately.  "Trina, Trina, I love you, I've missed you so much, 
    I'm sorry I didn't call right away---"

          "Whoa there, slow down, hon'," Trina laughed.  

          Her voice filled Laura with warmth and happiness.  Oh god, I 
    do love her, she realized.  All the other is just fucking. I love 
    her.

          "I'm dying to see you," she said.

          "I feel pretty hungry to see you too," Trina said.

          "Hungry?"

          "You know it."

          "I can't come over, I'm exhausted.  I have to go back to work 
    tomorrow."

          "How about dinner?"

          "You know what I want to eat," Laura said, boldly.

          "Hon', you making me hot.  Cut it out."

          "I can be there right after work."

          "I got a little surprise for you," Trina said.

          "What?"

          "It's vacation, you know.  Shawna is down in L.A., with her 
    grandparents.  We can, well . . . you know."

          "Mmmmm, now you're making me hot," Laura said.

          "Try and control yourself until tomorrow night."

          "I will."

          But of course at work there were others to deal with, 
    specifically Yvette and Sholandra.  Yvette stopped her in the 
    hallway, steaming, wildly beautiful and fetching in her anger.

          "You never want me any more," she complained.  "You must have 
    someone else.  And that damn Rhonda is always flirting around with 
    that little ho Sholandra Mason.  What did I do to deserve you two 
    cunning white dyke bitches?"

          "Hey, hold on, there," Laura smiled, overwhelmed.  "I was out 
    of town.  You know that."

          "I need you, Laura."

          Laura wanted to touch her cheek.  In fact, she wanted to do 
    much more to Yvette.  It had been a while since they had been 
    together.  

          "I need you too," Laura whispered.  "I think we might hurt 
    each other."

          "I'd never hurt you," Yvette insisted.  Then she caught the 
    glint in Laura's eyes.  "Oh . . . you mean that way," she smiled.  
    "I think you're right."

          "When can you get away?"

          Yvette looked glum.  "Not until Arthur goes out of town or 
    something.  Maybe two weeks."

          "I'm kissing you with my eyes," Laura whispered.  "I'll be 
    waiting."

          "You won't be waiting, you bitch.  You'll be fucking whatever 
    other little tramp you're hanging out with these days.  It isn't 
    that tacky little Sholandra, is it?  It's bad enough that Rhonda 
    acts like a schoolgirl around her."

          Laura shook her head slowly, confident that her hand-off of 
    Sholandra to Rhonda was succeeding, from the way Yvette was going 
    on.  

          "Just call me when he leaves," she said, her eyes smoldering.

          "I can't wait," Yvette said plaintively.

          "Do you want him to kill us?"

          "No.  Come in the restroom with me and kiss me."

          "Too dangerous."

          "Rhonda's going out of town tomorrow.  We could use her 
    office."

          "God, honey, you're the devil."

          "Meet me there at noon tomorrow?"

          "Okay."

          Laura's pussy was very wet as she and Yvette parted.  She 
    always does that to me, she thought.  I can't resist her.

          Mercifully, though, Sholandra was nowhere to be seen, and 
    Rhonda was tied up in meetings.  Laura made her reports, and tried 
    not to think about her coming evening with Trina.  Each time she 
    did, a hot arrow of excitement pierced her entire body.  God, talk 
    about hurting each other, she thought.  Trina and I better be 
    careful.  Even Shawna won't be there to keep us in check.

          After work she bought flowers on her way to Trina's apartment.  
    Her hand shook as she rang the bell.  When have you been as excited 
    about going to bed with someone? she asked herself.  She wished she 
    had checked her body for scratches this morning.  Not from Cecilia 
    or Bernice, who weren't rough, but from Kim, who was a terror.  But 
    Laura felt fairly confident there were no marks on her.

          Trina answered the door wearing the same short cutoffs she had 
    worn the first night Laura had come over, and a white man's shirt 
    with the top three buttons undone so that the cleavage between her 
    spectacular breasts was visible, shadowy, inviting.

          "God, you're stunning," Laura said, handing her the flowers.  
    "I forgot how beautiful you actually are."

          Trina smiled and looked down.  "You making me blush again.  
    Always spreading the shit around, aren't you.  But you look great 
    too, hon'.  Gosh, I missed you a lot."

          Laura looked around, as if to be sure no one else was there.

          "We're alone," Trina said softly, closing--and locking--the 
    door.  "Did you bring those for me?"

          Laura handed her the flowers.  "I don't want you to think my 
    intentions are wholly physical," she said, winking.

          "They better be," Trina said, growing flirtatious.  "I'm horny 
    enough to pop."

          Laura moved closer and began to kiss and stroke her 
    phenomenally smooth black cheek.  But Trina stepped back.

          "Let me put these in some water first.  Then . . . we can say 
    hello."

          Laura followed her into the kitchen, where Trina put the 
    flowers into a vase.  She kissed the back of Trina's neck while 
    Trina was arranging them.  She slipped her hands under the hanging 
    tails of the shirt and brought them up to Trina's firm round naked 
    breasts, cupping them.  She felt a catch in her throat as she 
    squeezed them gently.  God, how could I ever want anyone but this 
    exquisite girl? she wondered.

          "You're gonna make me drop this vase," Trina warned.

          Laura turned her around.  "Leave it there.  Kiss me.  Kiss me 
    hard."

          Their kiss began sensually and quickly turned very hot.  They 
    devoured one another, mewling softly and panting as they kissed.  
    Laura had not removed her hands from under Trina's shirt, and she 
    lightly pinched Trina's large bulbous nipples between her thumbs and 
    forefingers, making Trina gasp softly.

          "Hon', you're gonna make me come right here," Trina panted.

          "Mmmm, bedroom time," Laura murmured, taking her hand, leading 
    her out of the kitchen.

          In Trina's bedroom they were all over each other.  Laura 
    unbuttoned Trina's shirt and removed it.  Both of them undressed 
    Laura slowly, careful not to tear her expensive work clothes, but 
    Trina caressed Laura as she pulled away her blouse, and unfastened 
    her bra.

          "I want these," she whispered, filling her hands with Laura's 
    naked breasts.

          "I want to kiss every inch of you," Laura replied, pulling 
    Trina's cutoffs and panties down her spectacular long legs.

          She was now down to her panties too, and Trina pulled them off 
    lovingly, kissing Laura's smooth, creamy midriff, snaking her tongue 
    into Laura's navel.  They lay on the bed, both totally naked now.  
    They kissed very soulfully, letting their nipples brush, their legs 
    intertwine.

          Laura kissed Trina's long smooth neck, her ear, her hair, 
    luxuriating in the smell of it.  

          "I want to do more than fuck you," she whispered.  "I want to 
    inhale you.  I want every inch of you."

          "Want you too," Trina whispered back.  

          "Oh Trina."

          Laura's lips found her throat, her perfect clavicles, her 
    gleaming shoulders.  Her mouth dipped lower.  She held one of 
    Trina's large, perfect breasts in both hands and kissed it 
    everywhere, saving the puffy, bulbous nipple for last, then licking 
    it and sucking it, sucking it harder, remembering how Trina wanted 
    to be sucked hard.

          "Oh!  Unhhh!" Trina gasped excitedly.  "Laura . . . yes!"

          Laura let the large, wet, shiny black nipple slip out of her 
    mouth, then licked it and kissed it and sucked it back inside, 
    pressing the bulb hard against the roof of her mouth with her 
    tongue.  Trina writhed under her, cawing and quivering.

          "Oh . . . oh god!"

          "I love sucking your big beautiful nipples," Laura murmured to  
    her, moving to Trina's other breast.  "I want to swallow them."

          "Oh shit . . . hon' . . . I'm gonna come!" Trina suddenly 
    gasped, as if shocked by the realization.

          They both realized quickly that it was true.  Laura had not 
    even touched Trina's pussy, but she was trembling on the edge of a 
    quick orgasm.  This excited Laura wildly.

          "Oh yes, honey, yes, go for it, do it," she murmured, 
    squeezing and sucking Trina's beautiful firm boob and sliding her 
    hand down the girl's silky, heaving belly to her crotch, which was 
    warm and soupy with juice.

          Trina's pelvis was quivering spasmodically, uncontrollably, 
    her thighs clenching, her groin pumping.  But when she felt Laura's 
    hand on her smooth belly, she gasped.

          "Don't touch it!  Don't touch it!  Ohhhnnn . . . god, I . . . 
    I want to come just . . . unhhh! . . . like this!  Yes!  Ohhhh yes!"

          Laura quickly brought her hand back up to Trina's breasts, 
    squeezing them both and sucking Trina's nipples passionately.  And 
    Trina came in two seconds, groaning loudly and twisting frantically, 
    her pelvis pumping, her whole body shaking.

          "Auungghhh!  Ungghmmaauugghnnn!" she groaned, her lovely face 
    torn in ecstacy.

          "Oh god baby yes," Laura panted, pinching Trina's wet nipples, 
    sucking them again.

          "Unhhh!  Oh!  Oh . . . god!" Trina cried out, still quivering 
    as several aftershocks of her climax shook her.

          But now Laura couldn't hold back.  She quickly slid down the 
    length of Trina's still-undulating body and pressed her lips to the 
    girl's inflamed, runny slit, sliding her tongue deep into Trina's 
    pussy and rubbing Trina's clit with the tip of her forefinger.  She 
    was wildly hungry for Trina, tongue-fucking her beautiful pussy in a 
    hot frenzy, and rubbing her clit sharply, until Trina erupted in 
    just a few more seconds in another sharp, wrenching orgasm.

          "Ohh!  Jesus!  Ungghhhh!" she groaned.  "Auunngghghhh!  Oh . . 
    . oh Laura . . . auunngghhh!  Oh shit!"

          She grabbed her own breasts and squeezed and twisted them hard 
    as her body shuddered in the grip of a fierce climax caused by 
    Laura.  This one lasted longer than the first, and by the time it 
    began to fade, Trina was a wreck, gasping and bleary-eyed, stunned 
    by so much intense pleasure.  She blinked at Laura, smiling wryly.

          "Girl, they gonna have to name a hurricane after you," she 
    said, still hoarse from moaning.

          "Hurricane Laura.  I like the sound of that."

          She swarmed over Trina's slack body, eager to fuck her again, 
    quickly, unable to get enough of her beautiful, sleek, voluptuous 
    body.

          "I love to hear you moan, and cry out, and beg me, 'Laura . . 
    . oh Laura'," Laura murmured, scooping up one of Trina's incredible 
    breasts again in her hand, lighting pinching the bulging soft 
    nipple.

          But Trina knew it was her turn now.  She pushed Laura onto her 
    back and filled her own hands with Laura's breasts.

          "You the one who's gonna be moaning next," she whispered.  
    "I've been waiting days for this.  I've been thinking about it."

          Dizzy with love, Laura had no choice but to lie back and 
    surrender her body to Trina.  

          "You can do anything you want to me," she said.  "Shawna's not 
    here.  Make me scream."

          Trina giggled.  "Still got to worry about the neighbors, 
    silly."

          "I'm not kidding," Laura panted softly as Trina began to kiss 
    and suck her breasts, curling her wet pink tongue around Laura's 
    nipples while Laura watched.  "Fuck me hard . . . drive me crazy."

          But Trina was very slow and deliberate, kissing and fondling 
    Laura until Laura was extremely aroused.  Finally she was face to 
    face with Laura, her dark brown eyes wide and deep, as her hand 
    found Laura's wet pussy and began to stroke it.

          "I've thought about this, hon'" she whispered, staring deep into 
    Laura's eyes.  "I want to look in your eyes while I do you . . . to 
    see if you were faithful to me while you were gone."

          Trina was very solemn, though full of desire for Laura, too, 
    which showed in her deep shining eyes.  Her fingers in Laura's pussy 
    were magic.  Laura gasped, biting her lower lip.

          She almost panicked, thinking her eyes would betray all the 
    thrilling sexual encounters she had had since she was last with 
    Trina.  But she knew she could do nothing but surrender to Trina, 
    give herself completely, blot out everything else from her mind.  
    She was focused directly on Trina, her eyes locked into Trina's, 
    peering deep into Trina, saying: You, only you, I love you, I want 
    only you you you.

          And Trina quickly deprived Laura of her senses completely, her 
    fingers toying with Laura's clit until Laura was vibrating in a 
    frothing fit of sexual need.  And still Trina's dark eyes locked 
    calmly with Laura's, and Trina was looking, observing her every 
    reaction, as if determined to see to the bottom of Laura's soul in 
    order to detect any betrayal.

          Laura was completely vulnerable.  "Ohhhh . . . Trina," she 
    gasped, quivering uncontrollably.

          Trina's hand stopped moving for a few moments, to prevent 
    Laura from coming too fast.  Then she removed her eyes from Laura's 
    long enough to bend her head to Laura's breasts.  She sucked Laura's 
    nipples skillfully for a minute or so, sending Laura into a delirium 
    of need.

          "Oh . . . Trina, please!" Laura panted.  "Please!"

          Again Trina looked deep into her eyes.  "You didn't sleep with 
    anyone, did you," she whispered solemnly to Laura.  "While you were 
    gone."

          "No . . ." Laura gasped, writhing now, clenching and twisting 
    now that Trina's hand had resumed its clever manipulations.

          A small grin curved the corners of Trina's sensual mouth.  
    "What if I don't believe you?" she teased.

          Laura realized that it was a game, a deadly serious one, but a 
    game.  If she had confessed anything, it would be all over.  But if 
    she denied it, Trina was eager to hear her denials and would leave 
    it at that.

          "It's true," Laura panted, writhing in torment now.  "It's 
    true, no one but you . . . oh honey fuck me fuck me hard please!"

          "Oh Laura," Trina breathed, smiling, hugging Laura and 
    suddenly granting her wish, fucking her hard, rubbing Laura's 
    swollen, bursting clit hard with two fingers.

          This took Laura over the top instantly.  She came, groaning, 
    her body straining and shuddering as the spasms ripped through her.

          "Ungghhh!   Oh!  Ungghhhhh!  Oh yes oh yes!  Auungghiiiee!" 
    she cried out, feeling the hot orgasm ripple through her flesh, 
    feeling her pussy boil over from deep inside and spray fire 
    throughout her clenching body.

          It was a delicious, hot-throbbing climax, doubly sweet for 
    having Trina's naked body pressed totally against her as she came.  
    Trina kissed her, and stroked her, and murmured softly to her as she 
    recovered.

          "I love you Laura, I had to ask," she whispered, kissing 
    Laura, then slipping down, while Laura was still moaning, sliding 
    between Laura's yawning thighs and pressing her mouth to Laura's 
    still-throbbing pussy.

          This time Laura gave herself up completely to Trina, feeling 
    the warm billowing cloud of a second orgasm beginning to swell deep 
    inside her body.  Trina gave in to her hottest instincts too, and 
    she licked and sucked Laura's pussy hungrily, bringing on another 
    climax in under a minute.  Laura arched and strained, whooping 
    uncontrollably, then exploded in coming again, her quivering body 
    wrenched by powerful shocks.

          Both of them giggled after this explosive release of sexual 
    tension.  They lay in one another's arms, cooing and kissing.

          "How did we do this when Shawna was sleeping in the next 
    room?" Laura asked Shawna's mother.  "I couldn't keep from yelling."

          "Me either," Trina smiled.  "Good thing she ain't here 
    tonight."

          "Mmmmm, a very good thing," Laura said, nuzzling her neck.  "I 
    haven't finished with you."

          In fact, neither one was close to being finished.  Because in 
    the past Shawna had always been there, slumbering in the next room, 
    they had never really engaged in a marathon fuck, the way Laura had 
    done with some others.  But their hunger for each other was very 
    deep, and for the next hour or so they made love so heatedly and 
    continuously that each had seven or eight more orgasms.  

          Trina was shocked, flabbergasted.

          "Girl, I ain't ever come that many times in a row," she said.

          Laura didn't say anything, and Trina instantly got jealous.

          "You have, though.  It's true, ain't it.  You've done this 
    before.  With other chicks.  You've had ten, twelve orgasms.  
    Right?"

          Trina had a hurt, wounded look in her dark eyes.  Laura felt 
    awful.  Should she lie?  She lied so much.

          "Only a couple of times," she hedged.  "A long time before 
    you.  Just a couple of times, really."

          "How many did you have?"

          "It's not the number that counts."

          "It is to me.  I never came that many times before.  Ever.  
    Never even thought it was possible."

          "Oh, it's possible," Laura said, pushing Trina onto her back, 
    kissing her, rubbing her naked breasts against Trina's.  "I'm going 
    to make you come even more."

          Trina's wide dark eyes misted over in a confusion of lust, 
    jealousy, pain, and renewed sexual excitement.  Her lips chased 
    Laura's nipples as Laura brushed Trina's face with her naked 
    breasts.

          "I do believe you are, girl," she whispered.

          "I am.  I'm going to fuck you with my pussy until you come and 
    come and beg me to stop."

          "Don't ever want you to stop."

          Laura sat up and slipped one leg under Trina's so that she 
    could bring their groins together.  They had only fucked this way 
    once before, their first time together, and this time, since they 
    had already been going at it for a couple of hours, Laura took her 
    time.  Again she locked eyes with Trina and slowly began to slide 
    her wet pussy across Trina's, biting her lower lip and watching 
    every small change in Trina's beautiful face as the sensations 
    flowed through her body.

          Laura's torso was long and flexible, and she could actually 
    bend forward to kiss and suck Trina's breasts while fucking her this 
    way.  She scooped up one beautifully-shaped globe in her hand and 
    guided Trina's large puffy nipple into her mouth.  She sucked it 
    hard, and Trina began moaning and grinding her hips excitedly, 
    pushing her pussy up into Laura's. 

          "Mmmmm, you like that, don't you," Laura murmured, licking her 
    wet, excited nipple.

          "God, Laura, I don't care how bad you are, you light me on 
    fire," Trina panted.

          It only took about five minutes of this for both of them to be 
    at the ignition point again.  Their pussies were wet and slippery.  
    Laura held Trina's firm breasts as she fucked her, pinching her wet 
    nipples, then fucking her harder, jamming her pussy into Trina's so 
    that Trina began to gasp and moan loudly.

          "Ahhnggg!  Oh!  Ungghh . . . oh Laura!  Anngghh!  Oh!"

          "Are you going to come?"

          "Oh god yes!"

          "Me too!  Oh god . . . honey, pump harder!  Yes!  Ungghh!  Oh, 
    I love the feel of your wet pussy against mine.  Harder!  Harder!  
    Now now now!"

          "Ummmnngghiieeee!" Trina suddenly cried out, coming sharply.

          Laura came at nearly the same instant, a fierce eruption that 
    shook her whole body.  "Ungghh!  Oh oh oh!  Yes unngghiiieee!" she 
    cried, her moans intermingling with Trina's as their two writhing 
    bodies surged and flexed so much that Trina's bed began to creak and 
    shake.

          Laura fell forward onto Trina, kissing her feverishly, 
    squeezing her luscious breasts, while they both gasped and quivered 
    through the aftershocks.  Trina was stunned, and had nearly passed 
    out from the combination of all the orgasms leading up to this one, 
    and the power of the one she had just had.  Laura realized this was 
    her chance, and she quickly slid down Trina's body.

          She had never tried this, because Shawna was always sleeping 
    in the next room.  She knew that if she found Trina's g-spot, Trina 
    would come very long and very hard, and her cries would be loud and 
    uncontrollable.  Laura had done it herself, and had made Yvette do 
    it, and Kim too, and Sholandra. 

          She was determined to find Trina's, encouraged by Kim's 
    statement that she always found the g-spots of her lovers.  Laura 
    believed her, since Kim was very direct and never lied.  Trina was 
    still reeling from the shock of this last orgasm, and Laura easily 
    slid her forefinger up into the girl's sweet pussy.

          She licked Trina's clit and probed with the tip of her finger, 
    knowing where to look, inside the spongy front wall of Trina's 
    vagina, caressing it, pushing here, pushing there, ready to go for 
    the money if she felt the slightest clenching of Trina's body in 
    response to her probe.

          "Ohhhh . . . ohhhh!" Trina moaned, enjoying it already with no 
    notion of what Laura was up to.  "Ohhnnnnn yes!"

          Then, without warning, she suddenly stiffened.  Her face 
    contorted, stricken with shock, as if she had been shot.  Her eyes 
    caught Laura's, very briefly, then shut as she was sucked down into 
    a fierce whirlwind of coming.

          Laura knew it and quickly began to fuck her very hard, sucking 
    Trina's clit and pressing the secret spot inside her pussy, rubbing 
    it hard as Trina erupted in sharp spasms, so deep that they took her 
    breath away.  Having done this before, Laura knew she could keep 
    Trina coming until she collapsed or passed out.  Trina had two quick 
    orgasms, then surfaced briefly as Laura pulled back.

          But then Laura brought her up again to the pinnacle, and this 
    time she brought Trina to five increasingly powerful climaxes before 
    releasing her.  She only stopped because Trina looked like she might 
    lose consciousness.  She was dazed and panting, her wonderful sleek 
    body slack and limp, her moans only distant sighs reflecting 
    unspeakable rapture.

          Still Laura wasn't finished.  She loved the beautiful black 
    twin of Rina, and fucking her was like fucking them both together 
    for her, the height of ecstacy.  Before Trina was completely 
    recovered, Laura managed to lubricate her other forefinger with some 
    of Trina's copious cunt juices.  Then she slipped it between the 
    girl's hard buns and up into her ass, so quickly that Trina didn't 
    even realized what was happening until she realized what had 
    happened.

          Tears came to her eyes.  "Oh god!" she gasped plaintively.

          But Laura was already tonguing her clit, and pressing her g-
    spot again, at the same time that her finger fucked Trina's asshole 
    vigorously.  It took only about fifteen seconds for Trina to explode 
    again, this time in the most powerful explosion of all, a killing 
    orgasm of massive dimensions that did briefly make her black out.

          But Laura held her and kissed her, bringing her back slowly, 
    and soon Trina blinked and stared up at her.

          "How'd you do that?" she whispered hoarsely.

          "It's a secret," Laura smiled, whispering against her cheek.  
    "If you're not a good girl, I'll do it again."

          "I'd die," Trina confessed.  "Almost did that time."

          "It's my gift to you, for being so wonderful, so sweet, so 
    sexy," Laura whispered, kissing her deeply.

          "Be careful or you're gonna get me going again," Trina smiled.  
    "You know, I think I've had about seventeen or eighteen orgasms.  I 
    think this must be heaven or something."

          "It is heaven, here in bed with you," Laura said.  "Heaven 
    can't be as good as this."

          "You shush, girl!  Ain't no sex in heaven."

          "Then I don't want to go, if I can't have you."

          "Hon', if you do me like that, you can have me whenever you 
    want," Trina beamed.

          After a brief rest, they fucked one more time, this time a 
    slow, simmering, very loving fuck, most of it an infinitely tender 
    sixty-nine, then a short, sharp conclusion, with Trina tongue-
    fucking Laura into a thrilling orgasm, and Laura repaying the favor.  
    Trina summoned one last orgasm, a sighing, feathery rapture, then 
    fell asleep in Laura's arms.

          Laura did not leave until early in the morning, just in time 
    to return home to shower and dress before heading to work.




