Two

“We didn’t have sex enough times to owe each other favors this big, Xander.”

“We could…fix that?” he said with a lame grin.

But she gestured at the occupied bed. “I don’t think so.”

“Look, Anya, I know I’m asking a lot here. But I don’t have anywhere else to turn, and—”

“Why do you care, anyway? He’s a vampire. You hate vampires. You’ve said so, many times. And you haven’t been very complimentary about this one in particular.”

“Yeah, I know. But…I don’t know. I found him and I’ve been taking care of him and he’s really helpless….”

“He’s not a puppy, Xander.”

“If he was, I could put him in a kennel or something. Come on, Ahn. Please. You don’t have to do much, just sit and watch TV. He mostly sleeps during the day.”

Spike was awake, and he watched the interchange with his Japanese cartoon eyes, and clearly didn’t have a clue what they were talking about.

Anya had her arms crossed over her chest and her face set in a frown. But she hadn’t gone stomping out of the basement yet, and that was good. “How much are they paying you?” she asked finally.

“Five a week.”

She shook her head. “By the time you pay taxes and rent and your other expenses, you won’t have enough left to pay me.”

“But if it works out, they’ll up my pay to seven-fifty in two weeks.”

She rubbed at her chin, then nodded as if she’d reached a decision. “Here’s what we’ll do. We’re going to rent an apartment together.”

“You want to move in with me?” he said, his voice rising an octave or two.

“Two bedrooms. You share one with him,” she gestured at Spike, “and the other is mine. You pay the rent. I’m certainly not going to sit in this basement all day, but it won’t be so bad in our own place.”

He blinked at her, trying to clear his head. “So, let me get this straight. I pay the rent, you babysit, and we’re roomies.”

“Platonic roommates.”

It was a weird plan, but it had its advantages. Getting out of his parents’ basement would be really good. Not worrying about Spike all day would be better. He stuck out his hand. “We got a deal.”

***

Somehow, Willow and Buffy got involved. While they accompanied Anya apartment-hunting, Xander fed Spike, packed up the few belongings worth moving—mostly his tools, some clothing, some comic books and CDs—and tried to quell panicked thoughts about what would happen if he fucked up this job, too. The girls came bouncing down into the basement in late afternoon, all talking at once, and he was pissed because they woke up Spike who had just fallen asleep again; Xander had to hold the vampire mostly in his lap and rock him until he calmed down. Spike clung to Xander, sucked his thumb, and looked at the girls with wide, guileless eyes.

“Wow,” Buffy said, in a much more subdued tone. “That’s…kinda disturbing. But also a little cute.”

Xander sighed heavily. “Yeah. But he’s better, I mean at least a little bit, and that’s a good sign, right?”

“Sure, Xan, that’s great,” said Willow with badly faked enthusiasm.

Buffy chimed in, “By tomorrow he’ll be stealing your stuff and saying weird British things at you and trying to gnaw on your neck.”

Xander looked down at Spike and suppressed an impulse to nuzzle at his hair. “Okay, tell me what you found.”

And they did, sometimes all talking at once. It sounded like a pretty nice place. Two bathrooms, even, which was a big plus, and the rent really wasn’t that much more than the extortionate amount Tony was charging him for the Pit of Despair. Anya had already signed the lease and paid the deposit—“You owe me a thousand dollars, Xander. You can pay it in installments.”—and they could move in the next day.

“I don’t even have any furniture,” Xander said, a little overwhelmed.

“No problem!” Willow said. “My parents have some stuff they’ll never miss, and Buff and I are gonna hit some thrift stores before class tomorrow.”

“I have some furniture, too. I’m willing to share that,” Anya added.

“Thanks, guys. I appreciate it.” And he truly did.

They left shortly after. Xander discovered that after getting up early for the interview, not to mention the vamp-care all day and the packing and stress, he was exhausted. He managed to reach the remote without dislodging Spike, and he clicked on the TV. He fell asleep propped up in bed, with Spike watching him like he was ten times more interesting than the Clint Eastwood flick Xander had found.

***

The move itself went more smoothly than he’d expected. Giles showed up just after dark, shook his head over Spike, and somehow managed to cram most of Xander’s stuff in his clown car. While Xander waited for him to return to transport Spike, Xander left Spike asleep under Willow’s watchful eye, and tromped up the stairs.

His parents were slumped in front of the television. He could tell by the watery look in Tony’s eyes and the vague expression on Jessica’s face that they were both drunk. Not that he expected otherwise. Tony didn’t even look up as Xander entered the room, though his mother mumbled something incomprehensible at him.

“I’m moving out,” Xander announced loudly.

That got their attention. Jessica gaped a little and Tony frowned. “Wha’?” Tony said.

“Moving out. Already moved, actually. Just thought eventually you might notice I’m not here anymore.”

“’M not refunding you the rest of this month’s rent,” Tony said.

“I expected nothing else. Drink it in good health.”

Tony looked like he might be about to rise out of his easy chair, maybe to aim a swing or two Xander’s way, but then he seemed to think better of it, and he collapsed back into his seat. “Better not take any of my stuff with you.”

“I’ll leave you your priceless antiques, Dad.”

Tony growled a little and turned his attention back to the boob tube. Xander’s mother, though, was still looking at Xander. “Where will you go?” she asked. She sounded a little like she cared, which was nice.

“Not far, Mom. It’s just…it’s time for me to leave the nest, I guess.”

She nodded and picked up the glass beside her. Clear liquid. So it was vodka night. He stood there awkwardly a few moments more, thinking there was something he should say to them. But nothing came to mind, and in the end he just turned and left.

He tried to get Spike dressed, but Spike was having none of that. He thrashed around and made fussy noises while Willow and Giles watched, bemused. In the end, Xander was out of breath and Spike was just as naked as when they’d begun. “I don’t think he wants clothing on,” Willow said, and Xander shot her a dirty look.

He ended up scooping Spike into his arms again—which Spike seemed pretty happy about—and Giles sort of draped the vampire with a sheet, while Willow carried Spike’s clothes. Xander had to carry Spike up the stairs, of course, and with every step he silently prayed that his back would hold out.

Stuffing Spike into the back of the car was also loads of laughs. He yowled and stuck out his arms and legs, and he was still very strong. Xander was about ready to suggest just tying him to the roof when Willow tapped Xander’s shoulder. “Why don’t you let Giles hold him a sec while you climb in first? I’ll bet that works.”

Giles made a face. Carrying a bare Spike was probably not high on his to-do list. Spike cried and tried to reach for Xander. But Xander managed to get in the car and then, just as Willow predicted, Spike was more than willing to be jammed in there with him. During the entire ride, which mercifully wasn’t very long, Spike hid his face against Xander’s chest. Xander could feel Spike’s entire body trembling, so he stroked the cool, smooth back and sort of crooned under his breath, even though he could see Giles giving him strange looks via the rear-view mirror.

The apartment was on the first floor of a stucco building that had probably been built in the 1920s. Xander noted as he entered that there were only seven units. “This is so perfect for you guys!” Willow said as she knocked on the door.

Anya opened up and smiled at them. When Xander tried to walk through, though, he came to a halt. “Oh, for Christ sakes,” he mumbled. “Spike, you are invited in.” Vampire rules were really stupid, he thought, as he carried Spike inside.

They entered straight into the living room. It was cozy, with wood floors and cream-colored walls. He could catch a glimpse of the kitchen through a doorway. “Can you point me toward my room? He’s heavy.”

Anya led the way down a short hall and opened a door, and then Xander saw why Willow had been gushing over the place. The bedroom had a bunch of doors—the one where they stood, another in the opposite wall that looked like it opened into another hallway, one for a closet, and one for the bathroom. But it had no windows at all. There were also a pair of twin-sized beds with heavy metal frames. Not pretty, but boy did it feel good to set Spike down on one of them, and he was thrilled to realize he wouldn’t have to sleep in a chair anymore.

“So? What do you think?” Willow was bouncing up and down on her feet a little.

“It’s great, Will, it really is. Perfect.” He stretched to work out the ache in his shoulders and arms.

“I’ll be labeling my food,” Anya said. “Please don’t eat it. And I’ve set aside specific mugs to be used for blood. They’re red.”

“Red mugs for blood. Got it.”

Spike grabbed a handful of blanket and stuffed it in his mouth.

“I wonder if he’s teething?” Willow said.

“He’s fully grown, Will. No teething,” Xander said as he gently pulled the bedding away and replaced it with Spike’s thumb.

Giles rolled his eyes. “A vampire with an oral fixation. Color me surprised.”

While Spike seemed momentarily content, Xander took a quick tour of his new home. Anya’s bedroom was bigger than his, and it had a window looking out over a tiny back garden. But her bathroom wasn’t directly connected, like his was. The kitchen was bright and airy, with a big double sink. No dishwasher, but then he mostly ate out of paper bags and cardboard boxes anyway. He opened the fridge and saw half of it was filled with bottles and jars, each bearing a sticker with the letter “A,” and the rest was stuffed with plastic packets of blood.

“Housewarming gift,” Anya said from just behind him, making him startle a little. “The blood, I mean. From Buffy. I don’t think that’s very traditional.”

“Well, Buff’s an untraditional kind of gal. Where is she, anyway?”

“Patrolling. She’s trying to find out who bashed Spike.”

“Oh.” Xander hadn’t actually thought about that. Really, who didn’t want to hurt Spike? He was no friend of humans, the Initiative had already nabbed him once, and the local demons had been after him ever since he discovered the chip would allow him to fight them. Xander felt his stomach tighten at the idea of all those parties wishing his vampire harm.

Oh, shit. Xander was in deep trouble.

“Xander? The food will spoil and our electric bill will be very high.”

He realized he was still standing in front of the open fridge, and he shut the door abruptly. “It’s a nice apartment, Anya. You did good.”

She beamed. “It’s a real bargain. There’s storage in the basement, if you ever acquire enough things to need storing. A washer and dryer, too. And I talked the landlord into throwing in three months of cable TV.”

He put his arm around her shoulders and gave her a little squeeze. But then she pulled herself away and frowned at him. “Platonic, remember? When I bring home someone to have sex, I expect you to behave politely.”

That made him wince a little. “Uh, sure. Me, too.”

“I wasn’t aware you had any romantic prospects since I dumped you. Besides, won’t the vampire in your bedroom put a damper on things? Unless someone wants a threesome. If Spike weren’t infantile, I think a threesome with the two of you would be interesting. Or I could just watch you two. That would be good, too.”

“Watch! With—three and—Spike! And…. No. No way.” He tried to marshal a more categorical denial than just an embarrassed splutter, but Anya only shrugged and walked away.

Willow gave him a final hug, and Giles made a few more mumbles that were half congratulatory and half warning, and then they left and Xander was alone with the world’s strangest roommates.