Megatron was still reading when Prime returned that afternoon. He pretended to continue reading, but was far too aware of Prime’s presence to concentrate. Pain slammed across his body, making his spark stutter. He only just bit back a gasp, and resisted the whispered demands that he get to his knees, crawl to his master, and beg forgiveness.

Prime slumped into his chair, and sighed. Megatron felt his optic twitch, and glanced up. “I’m going to figure out something I can do to you to rid you of that infernal mannerism,” he snapped.

“What?”

Megatron snorted, and focused his optics back on the datapad.

“You caused quite a stir today,” Prime said, voice calm. “Want to tell me your side of it?”

“You saw my side of it,” Megatron said, trying to keep his tone even as the coding switched from punishing him with pain, to tempting him with fantasies.

“I saw the results.”

Prime rose from the chair, grabbed Megatron’s shoulder, and pulled him forward. Megatron landed on his knees, staring up at Prime. Voice low and soft, Prime commanded him to open. Open his interface panel and his spark chamber. Ordered him to apologize, beg for forgiveness as he teased the strong cables of Megatron’s neck.

Megatron closed his optics against the fantasy, then opened them again to glare over at Prime. “Your Autobot started it.”

“Given the fact you can’t lie to me, I’d like to hear what really happened.”

Snarling, Megatron held out his arm, popping open the medical panel in his wrist, and exposing the leads. “Why don’t you just look? Then there can be no doubt.”

“Hardline connections are rather invasive. I don’t-“

Megatron cut him off with a bitter laugh. “Oh, of course, because nothing since this occurred has been the least invasive.”

“I apologize for the details being discovered. By the time Wheeljack realized Bluestreak had been distracting him, Sideswipe had already hacked the files, and made good his escape. They are both sitting in the brig. As is Cliffjumper.” Prime slouched in his chair, the weariness obvious. Images of crawling over, teasing Prime’s panel open, lowering his mouth over-

Megatron snorted in disgust. “And what is my punishment to be?”

“Bluestreak said Cliffjumper goaded you. That you said some pretty colorful things back, but that it was Cliffjumper to start the verbal match, and Cliffjumper to throw the first punch.”

“You forbade me harm any Autobot. I did not disobey.” The words were ground out. He felt like a sparkling taken to task, and the coding kept urging him to beg forgiveness, apologize, kneel.

“Couldn’t you have just kept walking?” Prime asked, then dropped his face into his hand. “No, of course you couldn’t.”

Megatron growled, “I don’t back down from those trying to insult me.”

“Of course not.” Prime made it sound like an insult. “Is fighting all you know? Don’t you ever attempt diplomacy first?”

“I have no use for Autobot diplomacy,” Megatron sneered.

“I suppose a dictatorship is better? That is what your old recruitment signs said. Peace through tyranny?” Prime shook his head. “I’m not sure that even makes sense.”

“It’s honest,” Megatron shot back. “Especially given your little motto of Freedom being the right of all sentient beings. All beings except Decepticons, but no one ever seems to say that last part out loud.”

“I want you free, Megatron, but the universe is not the gladiatorial rings, and it isn’t there for you to dominate or ruin at your whim.”

Megatron’s optics narrowed to furious slits. “You know absolutely nothing about the Pits.” The Gladiator Pits were a large part of what drove Megatron to lead a revolution in the first place. “Autobots ran those rings. Autobots owned the slaves that fought in them. And Autobots are the ones that profited from ordering unwilling slaves to kill each other. Autobots hoarded energon while the lower classes starved. While their own people starved!” Megatron leaned forward, optics hard on Prime’s. “It was the Autobots that invented the slave code, and brought sparklings online already enslaved.”

Prime stared back for a moment. “And yet now that all of that has been destroyed, here we are on a completely different planet, while Cybertron dies, and I spend my days trying to keep you from killing Earth, and enslaving the humans.”

Megatron sat back, forcing himself to calm. “I am doing everything I can. My troops are on strict rations, I share that restriction with them, while all extra energon goes to Cybertron. What have you done for your home world, Prime? And as to the fleshlings, they were killing this planet long before we were onlined again. If they’re so set on destroying Earth, then why shouldn’t we take the resources and save our own world with them?”

“It is their planet. We have no right to steal from them, and you have no right to try to wipe them out or order them to serve you.”

“Humans enslave each other all the time, and my plots that included enslaved workers always involved an allied human. And when have you ever heard me order my Decepticons to attack the humans directly? If I wanted to wipe them from the Earth, I would. It wouldn’t be that difficult. A simple order to my seekers to carpet bomb the cities, and humanity would be crushed. It’s pointless to waste resources in such a meaningless attack. However, I can hardly expect my troops not to return fire when attacked. And if the fragile creatures are too foolish to run when they see us coming, then they deserve to be casualties.”

“That is callous.”

“That is honest,” Megatron rejoined, tone even and confident. “You may not like this little fact, but most people, regardless of species, are idiots. They require guidance and strong leadership. They need control or they end up tearing themselves apart.”

“The only thing tearing Cybertron and Earth apart is our war,” Prime said, his tone edging toward angry.

“Nonsense. There was peace before my revolution on Cybertron. The Senate and wealthy did as they pleased, when they pleased, to whomever they pleased. They tore Cybertron apart. No one policed their behavior, and no one stopped their abuse.” Megatron smiled. “Until I came along.”

“I’m only the latest Prime. There were others before me-”

“Oh, yes, there were. I remember Sentinel Prime very well. Pompous, arrogant, entitled.” Megatron smiled. “I’d say his death was the best thing to ever happen to Cybertron, but most of the Senate was deactivated that day too, and they were just as bad. Just as corrupt.”

Prime was frowning behind his facemask, Megatron could see it in his optics. “Mass execution is never a positive thing.”

Megatron shook his head. “You didn’t know them, and you’re only marginally better than they were. At least you’re willing to fight for your misguided beliefs.” He held up the datapad. “These histories are so full of self-righteous propaganda and edited information on real history as to be works of fiction.” Megatron tossed the book file on the table between them in challenge. “I lived through most of those events, and I remember quite well how they actually occurred. At least your beliefs are excusable. You were raised to believe that slag.” Prime’s optics widened slightly, and Megatron pushed on. “Oh, yes, Prime. I remember when you arrived on the field. Powerful, yes. Definitely enthusiastic. So ready to kill or die for your ideals, but barely more than a sparkling. But think about it. Why would so many flock to my banner? The ruling class drove our world into rebellion and civil war. Peace through Tyranny. Absolutely. No more unchecked freedom for those with the power and wealth to get away with it!”

“Except for you!” Prime snapped.

“Of course, except for me! But I have no intention of sitting on my aft having slaves polish my armor, and sipping high grade while the masses starve into stasis lock. I’ve earned my position through endless vorn of hard work and dedication. I will lead Cybertron to true glory and peace because I have carved everything I have with my own hands, and am not afraid to continue to do so.

“Even you can’t claim that. You are Prime because the few remaining Alphas managed to plug the Matrix into your spark, and gave you your authority and power. And even so, you are nothing but a wartime leader. What do you even know about ruling in peace? You can’t even get your own soldiers to obey you,” Megatron continued. Prime’s optics were narrow and bright, and though it hurt, genuinely hurt, he pushed on. “It wasn’t just me that little fool was insulting. They weren’t just disgusted that I was touching you. They were disgusted with you. And I hardly blame them.” Prime’s optics shot wide. “You preach about freedom, but you own a slave. You use your slave.”

“I have been as fair as possible to you!” Prime said. “The only orders I’ve given have been for the protection of my people, and your own!”

“You’re a hypocrite,” Megatron said coolly. “And they know it.”

“They also know that we are trying to find a way to free you! Do you have any idea of the arguments I’ve had to deal with against simply offlining you! Both because it would do away with you, and also because it would be a mercy! Better than forcing you into a life of sex slave!”

“And yet here I function, and you take your pleasure of me.”

“You need that!”

“And you enjoy it, and they know it.”

“Enough,” Prime growled.

Megatron smiled, and pushed through the fire of agony in his circuits. “They know it, and they despise you for it. For not being their perfect, pristine, untouched and untouchable Prime.”

“Shut up.” The words were low, soft as Prime stood abruptly. Megatron smirked, forced to obey the command, and watched as Prime stormed out of the room.

Megatron slumped as soon as the door cycled shut, gasping as he let the pain he’d been fighting flow over and through him. The code was screaming at him. His systems were in complete flux. If Prime didn’t get over his snit, Megatron truly would be suffering a lack of his master’s attentions. He probably shouldn’t have baited Prime about that, but the debate had been fun. He’d always wanted a chance to point out the errors in Prime’s beliefs. In truth, Prime was an effective leader. He managed to face Megatron time and again, and kept his little ragtag band of civilians together and alive. If Megatron had an equal it was Optimus Prime.

No slave is equal to his master.

Megatron grit his teeth against the whispers, but they continued. Images of the distant past returned. Memories rose. His old master ordering him to his knees, making it as painful as he could. Invading his spark, stripping him bare. That voice whispered he deserved no better. Prime was a good master, better than he deserved, and he should fall on his face in gratitude for the pleasure and leniency given.

Megatron gave in for a moment. He slid to the floor, knelt, bent until his forehead touched the metal tiles. He would stay here until Prime returned. He repeated that over and over until the whispers calmed, then he slowly convinced himself a good slave would appear as pleasing to his master as possible, and rose.

The hot solvent helped ease the ache left in his joints and circuits, but the need for Prime’s touch did not diminish.

Unfortunately, it had only been a day. Prime might not return.

Insolent slave. You deserve to suffer.

Megatron sank into the chair and forced himself into recharge.