Silent

H. Jekyll

MF, Mf, Ff, bdsm, nc, some scat:  story codes refer to the series, not to 
specific chapters.

Chapter Four:  The stocks


  She looked at the stocks blankly, dumbly, wondering when he had had time to 
install them.  They were low.  She would have to kneel very low indeed to be 
placed in them.  There were holes for her neck and her wrists, just above the 
floor, and they were padded with what looked like suede.  The area on which she 
would kneel, on which he now told her to kneel, felt like gym mats.  She put her 
neck through the large center opening and her wrists through the two on the 
sides.  He closed the top down.  The fit was very snug, as though he had made 
them for her.  He spread her knees and ankles apart and fastened them with 
something.  She cooperated completely, and was not uncomfortable.

  He brought over a device that was plugged into a wall socket.  It was small, 
like a computer mouse, with two long probes, each of which was insulated except 
for the last half inch.

  He said, "I don't like all the bruises you're getting.  I need to punish you 
without leaving so many marks.  This should help."  He touched the probes to a 
nipple, pushed a button on the device, and her nipple instantly exploded in a 
burst of electricity that completely knocked the wind from her body. 

  Actually her nipple did not explode, though it grew stiff and erect to 
proportions that she would not have recognized if she had been able to see it.  
The electricity felt just like it did when she put her finger in a light socket 
as a child.  Without wind her cry was a breathless one, and before she could 
properly draw a breath he touched the probed to her ass and shocked her again.

  It was worse than the whippings.  It coursed completely through her and made 
her muscles all convulse against each other.  He was bringing the probes up 
toward her breasts again.  She started begging again, forgetting that he used 
that as an excuse to extend her punishment, and she struggled in her bonds.  She 
twisted and pulled her head and arms, screaming for him to please stop, she 
couldn't take this.  She couldn't move, though, and became claustrophobic.  The 
stocks were choking her.  He touched her other nipple and it exploded like the 
first one.

  She was screaming without any stop, and was pushing and pulling on the stocks, 
pushing upwards from her folded legs in an effort to break open the top.  She 
couldn't even make it move.  He touched her clitoris and she contracted in a 
fucking motion, piss streaming between her legs.  Her screaming was at a higher 
pitch now.  He pushed one probe up her rectum, and the other up her vagina, 
pushing each smoothly forward until it bumped against something.  He said, "This 
will hurt you," and pushed the button.  It bit in her cervix and rectum and 
contracted everything in her lower abdomen.  There was nothing in her to expel, 
or the probes would have been fouled.

  He touched one probe to one nipple and one to the other.  She couldn't move, 
was starting to get some breath again and moaning hopelessly.  Just saying 
"Nooo.."  He touched the button and her heart seemed to convulse and she blacked 
out.

  She opened her eyes and he was squatting in front of her.  She couldn't close 
her mouth because he had jammed some rubber dental blocks between her teeth.  He 
said, "You want me to stop?  I'll stop when you show me your obedience.  Now, to 
show me what a sweet, obedient little thing you are, you have to stick out your 
tongue and touch these electrodes.  That's all you have to do, and I'll cancel 
the punishment."

  He held the probes toward her face and she pulled her head back as far as she 
could into the stocks, she was so afraid.   "No?  Then we'll start over."  He 
put the probes back to one of her nipples while she started screaming again, 
then pushed the button again.  She was trying to scream "I'll do it," but 
couldn't talk with the blocks in her mouth.  He brought the probes around to her 
face again.  "Second chance?"

  Her eyes bugged out.  She stared at the probes and tried to make herself touch 
them but couldn't do it.  He started moving them away again, when she closed her 
eyes, pushed her tongue out as far as she could and lunged at them.  Her tongue 
swelled, the electricity hit her hard in the face, and she was knocked  semi-
conscious again.  She would have shattered her teeth if not for the blocks.

  Everything was done methodically.  He put away the tools, then cleaned her.  
He caressed her face and  told her she was going to be a wonderful slave.  Then 
he inserted the ear plugs, attached the blindfold, turned on the white noise, 
and left her alone in the blackened room.

	-------------------------------------------------------------------

  He left her a long time again.  She wanted unconsciousness, but she couldn't 
get it.  When she'd start to drift she'd feel the jolts of electricity and her 
whole body would tense again.  She awoke disoriented, not knowing where she was 
or why she couldn't rise or move.  She yelled in panic.  She was covered in 
sweat but was cold.

  When he returned she was drifting again.  She first knew he was there when he 
touched her ass.  She cried and begged him not to hurt her.  She thought he was 
going to shock her again.  Instead he dried her with a large, thick towel, and 
used baby powder all over her.  He fondled her ass, very softly while doing 
this, lightly, running his hand across her anus and down her labia.  He spent 
some time tickling the insides of her thighs, then lubricated her vagina and 
pulled on her labia, letting his fingers slip off the ends, over and over.  He 
pushed two fingers deep into her pussy and pumped them in and out slowly.  She 
could see and hear nothing, feel almost nothing else.  Again, he made her feel 
desire, and despise herself.  It was so easy.

  He pulled out her ear plugs.  "Now I'm going to fuck your ass, and I'm going 
to teach you how to do it right.  Have you ever been fucked there?"  She shook 
her head.  "What have you ever had in there?  Talk."

  She had trouble talking again.  He would know if she lied.  She couldn't try 
to keep secrets.  She spoke out into the darkness:  "My husband.  Sometimes he 
puts a finger in me."

  "And you like it."

  Silence.  Then, "Yes" in that small voice.

  "Only a finger?"

  "Yes.  Well.  Once, once we were playing and he used a vegetable, a zucchini.  
But, but it hurt and he didn't do it again."

  "Your husband is much more considerate than I am.  I'm sure he'd love to fuck 
your ass with his little prick.  I am going to fuck you with my monster.  It 
won't hurt much once you learn to get fucked right.  Now that's enough talking."

  The whole time they were talking he was caressing her body, her ass, and 
occasionally her breasts, running his fingernails down her sides to her lower 
belly and her cunt, petting her cunt.  He continued after they stopped, she 
unable to move, unable to stop him from playing with her, unable to see or to 
feel things with her hands, unable to concentrate on something, anything, other 
than his caresses.  She tried to muster some rebellion.  

  "It's not little."

  "Oh, being bold again.  I'll have to punish you for that.  You are learning so 
slowly.  Maybe we can enlighten you about the situation by using some more 
electricity."

  Her faux courage crumbled around her.  She rushed to try to set things 
straight.  "I'm sorry.  Please, I won't do that again.  Please, I'll be so good 
for you.  I can't take that again.  Please, master, let me show you how good I 
can be."  

  This really was as good as it could get.  His prick threatened to explode 
right then, becoming even less fleshy and more bony.  

  "You'll show me how good you can be anyway.  And this display of begging is 
disgusting.  I have to punish you for that, too."  She was crying through the 
blindfold, so afraid that now he would hurt her forever.  "Oh very well.  You 
can see that sometimes I'm too indulgent, but I don't want punishments to get in 
the way of our fucking.  And there are so many punishments you already have 
coming to you.  So, if you can show me complete, sweet submission, I'll 
considering letting this go."

  "Yes, master, I'll be good, you'll see..."

  "Yes.  I'm sure I will.  Now what is it that isn't little?"

  "My husband's penis.  It isn't little ..."

  He laughed a good, hearty laugh.  "Well, I'm sure he's a stallion.  Or at 
least perfectly adequate.  Maybe I should get it for you.  Cut it off and bring 
it to you?  Then you could do whatever you wanted with it."

  She was completely silent.  Oh no!  Don't do that.  She knew he could.

	----------------------------------------------------------------------

  He prepared her ass for fucking.  He used a large amount of lubricant and 
began working her open, using a finger, two fingers, a thumb, two thumbs.  He 
told her to open her ass and she tried to help.  He didn't particularly want to 
hurt her doing this.  Getting the pleasure and dominating her were enough.  He 
could hurt her whenever he wanted.  So he massaged around and around the inside 
of her anus, stretching it slowly open.  

  It was so odd, to have someone working on her anus like that, opening her body 
for himself.  When he brought the head of his penis to her she clamped down in 
fear, but her ordered her to open and she tried to.  She tried to relax her 
anus, to not impede him.  When he told her to push out, she did.  She felt the 
big end of his penis pushing, pushing, then suddenly the head was in.  There was 
so much pressure on her anus, but it didn't hurt very much.  Then he pushed 
deliberately all the way inside her, and her ass was so full that she made a 
high-pitched grunt, then several whimpering pants.  

  He had hit the end of her rectum, but because he was so big he wasn't all the 
way in, so he pushed harder, and this did hurt.  She felt like she was cramping 
up.  She gasped "Oh!" She couldn't believe the amount of sensation inside her.  
He pulled almost all the way out of her, which felt to her like she was 
eliminating some enormous turd, then pushed all the way back in.  She went "oh" 
again.  Her anus was cramping around his prick.  He stopped, deep inside her, 
and gave instructions.  "That's right. When I push in you push out like you're 
trying to shit.  That'll give me the most sensation.  Hold your ass tight around 
my dick the whole time.  Time your pushes to my thrusts."  

  He fucked out and in again, and she did what he had said.  She wanted him to 
know she was submitting to him.  "That's a good girl.  Keep doing it."  He used 
strokes that started slow and speeded up as he got in deep, so that his pubic 
bone slammed against her ass and the head of his cock banged into the end of her 
rectum.  There was a shock wave when he hit, and as it coursed through her flesh 
it tweaked some pleasure along with the hurt.  That surprised her.  

  He decided to force pleasure on her, and began playing with her labia in that 
milking motion, pulling one side then the other while he fucked her, letting his 
hand slip off the end of one lip before pulling on the other.  She was so full, 
forcing her concentration on her bowels, and then there were his hands.  She 
didn't want him to stop. She was afraid that he would get her high then leave 
her, like before, as part of her torture. All that she was aware of was the 
shock of his cock pushing into her and his hands working her cunt.  He kept 
milking her pussy, softly for a man, but over and over.  He adjusted the timing 
of the milking to match his thrusts, so that she was pushing out at him and 
feeling his dick force the walls of her rectum apart at the same time that he 
milked.  She wanted to move, to help the pleasure, but the stocks held her 
immobile. She was making those rare little whimpering cries that men so love, 
and he kept milking her, and then she orgasmed explosively, crying out loudly 
and hyperventilating as the buzzing of it started from a small spot in her belly 
and moved all the way out to her hands and her feet, making her light-headed.  
It went on and on.

  He came inside her at almost the same time and kept his penis inside her for 
some time after he was finished.  He stroked her back and ass lightly while he 
did this.  She was always very sensitive after orgasms, so this made her quake 
several times.  She was drifting in great languor, floating, tiny fingers of 
pleasure still moving in her, knowing she had never experienced anything like 
that.  She forgot for the moment to hate herself.

	-----------------------------------------------------------------------

  He pulled out of her and came around to her face.  Her ass felt gaping.  He 
knelt and put his softened penis up to her mouth.  She could smell the smell of 
shit before he got it to her, and that brought her back to earth.  She screwed 
up her courage and sucked in the end of the head and began licking it clean.  
She heaved when she found obvious shit, held herself still until it passed, and 
continued until she had the whole thing in her mouth again and had cleaned 
everything off of it.  She wasn't sure she could do it without vomiting, but she 
managed.  He had her hold his penis in her mouth for a long time while he 
caressed her hair.  On a whim, he put some lubricant on her breasts, then pumped 
them for awhile, like milking a cow.  He seemed taken with the idea of milking 
her.  She remained still, holding his penis in. He even kept it in her while he 
put in the ear plugs.  Then he pulled out of her and left her alone in the dark 
and silence.

  Some time later she began throwing up.
