Sexual Law: Grace's Ordeal (FF,MF,NC,Anal)
by Redvenom (redvenom_my@yahoo.com)

Any resemblance to the TV series starring Samo Hung, Arsenio
Hall, and the babelicious Kelly Hu is pure, dumb coincidence.

***

Grace Chang Pei Pei pulled into the driveway of her house alone
as she had for the last couple of months. She was in an irritable
mood, which she put down to her almost non-existant sex life. She
remembered what her father once told her the police force was a
possessive, jealous, and demanding wife (or husband in her case).
Grace noted with a wry smile that it was true even here in
America, a world away from her native Shanghai, China. Long,
irregular hours that left her pretty much exhausted at the end of
the day had dampened her social life. Plus the fact that most of
the men she worked with were only too aware of her reputation as
a tough street cop.

Still, quite a number of men had tried to hit on her, taken by
her exotic oriental features and superbly toned figure. Some had
even tried to impress her in the dojo. Almost all retreated in
disarray after sound defeats. No surprise there. She had begun
her martial arts training much earlier than everybody else except
Sammo Law. And her teachers were more ruthless and demanding than
theirs had ever been.

"That's probably why you're alone on a Friday night while every
other woman in the department is out getting laid," she berated
herself. Grace knew that she subconciously treated every
relationship in the same way she treated her sparring sessions -
always feeling the need to emerge victorious. She sighed. The
dildo she kept hidden in a dresser drawer would be needed again.
Metal jingled as she fumbled with her keys in the shadowy
doorway.

Grace knew something was wrong as soon as she unlocked her front
door. A strangely familiar scent that she couldn't quite place.
Straining every sense, she crept inside the darkened hallway
silently. She considered switching on the lights but that would
have made her a much easier target. Moving carefully, one hand
trailing along the wall for orientation, she moved towards what
seemed to be the source of the scent: her bedroom. Discarding her
coat which would have hindered her movements, she pressed her ear
to the closed door. Nothing. Silently, she tested the handle of
the door. It was unlocked. Light crept from under the door. With
a deep breath, she kicked the door open.

Fists clenched, she moved silently into the room, scanning for
intruders. The room was empty. A small table lamp was on,
illuminating the room in a soft yellow glow. The room was
undisturbed, except for a vase of white flowers on the dresser
table. Gardenias, she realized. A species native to South China,
where she was born and raised. As she was considering the
possibilities a dark shape detached itself from the ceiling where
it had waited for several hours.

Sensing something amiss, Grace whirled around just as the shadowy
figure landed behind her soundlessly. She circled warily, sizing
up her foe. The assailant was dressed in loose, dark clothes from
head-to-toe. A long black cloth was wrapped around the face,
leaving only the eyes uncovered. Like a ninja from a B-grade
action movie. The eyes, however told her she was not dealing with
some pajama-clad fruitcake who thought he was Stephen K. Hayes.
They studied her intently, the way her sifu once did, noting her
stance, weight, and balance. She began to have a very bad feeling
about the situation.

Calling on all of her skill, she attacked, leading with hand
strikes, followed by a fast forward kick. Moving with uncommon
fluidity, the black-clad assailant dodged the hand strikes and
deflected the kick with a forearm. Grace was stunned that her
attacks were so easily negated. She had seen people move like
that. An ability that could only be developed by long years of
training to develop timing and rhythm. She realized with a chill
that her foe was no beginner.

Grace had no time for long reflections as the figure pressed his
assault. She gasped as the ninja counter-attacked in an
unfamiliar form. She barely blocked the hand strikes as her
attacker pushed forward. One blow glanced across her cheek as she
dodged, retreating from the furious combination of punches and
kicks. She ducked as the figure kicked out, shattering the vase.
Trying to keep the initiative, she feinted and attacked the
figure with a crescent kick. Her attacker ignored the feint, then
jabbed his thumb on the inside of her knee as her leg
straightened.

Grace cried out as she felt her leg go numb as the blow struck a
nerve cluster. Gritting her teeth, she retreated towards the
door, defending desparately as a flurry of blows rained towards
her. Aiming for his exposed eyes, Grace struck out, fully
intending to blind her attacker. Almost comtemptuosly, the figure
batted her strikes aside, grabbing her wrists and jabbing hard 
on her elbow. Her left arm went numb almost immediately. She
realized that the ninja was using yubi-jitsu nerve strikes -
exoteric and almost unknown in this day and age.

She gasped as the ninja struck her in the chest, driving the
breath out of her. As she fell, she felt a strong forearm lock
around her throat. Strugging helplessly, Grace tried to stamp on
the toes of her attacker, but the figure easily evaded her feet.
As her head was pushed forward, she wheezed trying to draw air
into her lungs. Her kicks grew feebler as the ninja tightened the
choke hold. No air... must fight... must... Until she slumped
unconscious in the arms of her assailant.

***

Grace awoke as she inhaled a sharp, acrid smell. Ammonia, she
realized, struggling to get up. She found herself lying on her
bed, facing the ninja who knelt above her prone form. Something
was stuffed in her mouth - a rubber ball gag. Shaking her head
from side to side, Grace tried to dislodge the offending object
but to no avail. Metal chinked as she tried to move her arms. She
found that her wrists were locked to the bar above the headboard
above her head. Her own handcuffs, she realized. Her legs were
still free, but a strange numbness affected them. Grace found she
could no more than drag them about helplessly.

Struggling against her restraints, Grace hissed at her captor who
studied her intently. For the first time since their
confrontation, she felt that the ninja was appraising more than
just her fighting ability. The dark eyes probed her beautiful
face, noting the exotic Asian features. Her long, silken
midnight-black hair spilled over the pillow. Grace followed the
eyes as they moved lower, dwelling on the sweet swell of her firm
breasts that rose and fell evenly with her breathing. The intense
eyes roved down her flat stomach, settling on the faint bulge
between her thighs.

From a hidden fold in the robes, the ninja produced an small
blade, an aikuchi. Eyes widenning in terror, Grace began to
struggle, trying to throw her captor off her. The steel blade
gleamed along its razor edge as the black-garbed figure pinned
her legs beneath her. The blade caught at her wollen top, slicing
cleanly through. Holding her breath, she stiffened, allowing the
figure to cut away her top, knowing that one wrong move would
have sliced her open. Realizing what the ninja was going to do to
her, she whimpered, the first such sound she had ever heard
herself make. The ninja went to work on her pants, delicately
shredding them before stripping them away.

The ninja's gaze lingered hungrily at the dark triangle between
her legs clearly visible beneath the thin silk panties she wore.
The assailant turned his attention to her white bra next,
slipping the blade between the cups. The lethally sharp blade
cleft through the restraining garment, and Grace's firm breasts
sprung free. She felt her eyes tearing and blinked them rapidly.
Her panties were next as the ninja slid his blade along the seam,
cutting away the last of her clothes. For long moments, the
figure studied Grace's naked form, admiring the soft, satiny skin
and her well-toned muscles. As the hard eyes roved over her body,
Grace felt a cold chill as she realized what was about to happen
to her.

With a smooth move, her ninja garbed assailant discarded the
scarf of dark cloth wound about the face. Grace gasped when she
realized that her attacker was a woman. Kuniochi, she realized -
female ninja traditionally trained in the arts of seduction and
assassination, masters of both love and war. While she had heard
of many fanciful stories of their exploits, she had never
expected to meet one, much less in her own home.

The kuniochi was young, and stunningly beautiful with exotic,
high-cheekboned features. Long dark hair spilled over her
shoulders almost down to waist. With smooth movements, the ninja
woman stripped off her confining black garb which puddled at her
feet. Underneath, she wore a form-fitting bodysuit of purple
which displayed her toned, athletic figure. Her full breasts
fought against the tight material and Grace could make out the
faint peaks of her nipples. God, Grace thought, she looked like a
comic-book super heroine.

Grace tensed as the figure extended a hand to her gagged mouth,
toying with her lips. Dragging her fingers down slowly, the
kuniochi caressed her throat, coming to a stop at the curve of
her   breasts. Grace held her breath as the supple fingers toyed
with her breasts, caressing the soft flesh with feathery strokes.
The kuniochi moved her fingers in slow circles around the soft
mound, moving closer to the peaks. She gasped as a long
fingernail rasped over her nipple. Grace gasped again as she felt
the kuniochi's warm mouth envelop her nipple, licking, sucking
and nibbling expertly. To her shame, she felt the nipple harden
in response and the beginnings of moisture between her legs.

Grace strained at her bonds as the skilled tongue flicked over
her hardening nipples, teasing her with silky strokes that made
her body quiver involuntarily. She moaned at the delectable
sensations as the kuniochi expertly stimulated her sensitive
nipples, perfect white teeth nibbling on the nubs. She tried to
scream and bite at the ball gag, but managed no sound other than
muffed choking breaths.

Grace gasped at the sudden relief as the kuniochi stopped her
ministrations on her breasts, the peaks now proudly erect and
glistening with saliva. The kuniochi remained silent, her
beautiful face expressionless as she trailed her nimble fingers
down the policewoman's naked body. Grace squirmed in response as
the fingers roved lower, past her ribs, past her flat stomach,
until they reached the glossy hairs over her mound. Locking eyes
with her, the kuniochi drove a finger deep into the wetly
glistening slit.

Grace moaned in humiliation and despair as she felt the supple
fingers working inside her, parting the firm walls as they inched
deeper and deeper. More fingers teased her clit, causing her to
shudder helplessly. Grace felt her body respond to the forced
sexual pleasure, her juices flooding her engorged sex and
staining the bedspread beneath her. Grace bit down hard on the
rubber ball gag as she felt the maddening fingers sawing in and
out of her dripping pussy. A thin trail of saliva ran down her
chin as she tossed her head from side to side, trying desperately
to control her arousal as her orgasm began to build.

All the while, the kuniochi's face had remained passive and
emotionless, completely detached from the sexual torment she was
inflicting on Grace's writhing body. Sweat gleamed on her naked
form as she trashed around, trying to dislodge the invading
fingers as the ninja finger-fucked her mercilessly. With expert
skill, the female ninja brought Grace to the brink of her orgasm
and then ceased so abruptly that Grace gasped in shock. Her firm
breasts heaving with her exertions, she eyed the ninja warily as
the kuniochi reached under the bed. The room was stuffy with the
smell of her perfume, sweat and sex. Grace reddened with
humiliation as she saw the kuniochi holding her own vibrator.
With surprising strength, the female ninja lifted Grace's legs,
before spearing the rubber phallus to the hilt into her flowered
open pussy.

Screaming and struggling, Grace flailed about wildly as the
unrelenting dildo pistoned in and out of her. She felt her
control fading as the kunoichi rasped her fingers over her clit,
sending shudders of sheer delight rippling through her sweaty
body. As her hips surged forward of their own accord, she felt
another finger stroking the crease between her buttocks. Grace
maoned helplessly as she felt a long nail nosing about her anus,
poking and scratching at her most intimate opening. Between the
dildo driving into her from the front and a finger slipping into
her anal entrance, Grace was brought gasping and writhing to the
brink of her orgasm before the kunoichi stopped again. This time,
the female ninja released the gag before eyeing Grace with a slow
smile on her lips.

"Beg me," the ninja said calmly, the first words Grace had heard
her speak.

Grace remained silent, willing her body to be still as she stared
defiantly at her assailant. At this, the kunoichi began a more
vigorous assault, taking the naked policewoman both front and
rear. Freed of her gag, Grace's moans and gasps became more
audible and uncontrolled as the ninja continued working over her
body. Her sexual tension spiralled higher and higher until the
sensations treatened to overcome her, her body trashing about
helplessly as the dildo, glistening with her juices drove up her
pussy with lewd squishing sounds. In time with the dildo
attacking her from the front, the kuniochi's supple fingers sawed
in and out of Grace's tight virgin anus from the rear.

Her helplessless seemed to add another dimension to the
incredible pleasure of being taken simultaneously in her pussy
and ass. All her life, Grace liked being in control. Now, as she
struggled futilely against the clinking metal handcuffs, she felt
a dark thrill at the thought that her body was completely at the
mercy of another woman. She had fantasized about lesbian sex like
many women, but had never considered acting on those impulses.
And now, here she was cuffed to a bed, being raped by a woman.

As she strained on her bonds, the handcuffs rubbed the skin of
her wrists raw. But the pain was lost in the heady euphoria of
sexual pleasure as Grace fought to keep her body still. It was
largely a futile effort. Driven into a frenzy by the double
penetration, Grace felt her control melt away, crying out her
need for release. Then just as her hips surged forward and she
felt lightheaded from her approaching orgasm, the kuniochi
stopped again. Grace gasped in frustration, unconsciously
straining her hips and trying to restore the delicious rhythm as
the female ninja stepped back.

"Beg me, and I'll let you come."

Again, Grace grit her teeth and said nothing, even as she felt
the sheets beneath her damp from the abundant fluids leaking out
of her pussy. At this her sexual torture began again. Her torment
continued maddenningly in this manner with the ninja deliberately
halting precisely at the brink to deny Grace her release before
repeating her order. After the sixth time, Grace knew she was
lost, her body's need overridding her resolve. Her mind confused
by the haze of lust, Grace complied in a voice shaking with
humilation and arousal. She begged for her orgasm.

At this, the ninja leaned forward and unlocked the handcuffs.
Grace eyed the kuniochi warily, and for a moment considered
trying to fight back. As if realizing this, the ninja woman
smiled, running her fingers over the dildo, dripping slick with
Grace's juices. Grace wet her lips, remembering the sensations as
her body shivered in response. At this point the mingled smell of
her perfume, sweat and sex hit her. She knew to her horror and
humiliation that she was going to do whatever the kuniochi
desired.

"On your hands and knees," the ninja ordered.

Her body trembling, Grace complied with a low moan, flopping onto
her stomach and raising her buttocks submissively to the desired
position. When she did so, she felt the kuniochi taking up
position behind her, the slick dildo nosing about her engorged
pussy. Fingers clenched in anticipation, Grace groaned aloud as
the fake cock began its entry, it hard length parting the slick
walls of her pussy. With a powerful thrust, the kuniochi plunged
the wetly glistening dildo deep inside her as far as it would go.
Grace screamed in sheer delight, her back arching as she thrust
her hips back against the dildo's deep strokes. Her delicate
hands knotted into fists clawing at the bedspread beneath her.
Reaching between Grace's sweaty buttocks, the kuniochi drilled
her finger into her anus, the finger disappearing into the
winking hole as she took Grace in the ass as well. Crying out in
Chinese, Grace flailed her head about, lost in her passion, her
long dark hair flying about her face.

As she felt the policewoman's body shudder in the early throes of
her orgasm, the kuniochi ripped the dildo from Grace's pussy
before sinking it deep into her ass with one stroke. Grace's
scream echoed around the room as she orgasmed powerfully, juices
spraying from between her sleek legs. The Kuniochi continued to
work the dildo into Grace's ass as her body bucked wildly, 
shuddering in the throes of her climax. As she sank sweaty and
exhausted to the bed, Grace realized that her assailant had no
intention of stopping yet as the hard length continued to saw in
and out of her stretched anus. The kuniochi has freed one had to
play with her breasts, the long nails rasping deliciously over
her hardened nipples. Soon, the ninja's ministrations were
rewarded as the helpless policewoman orgasmed again. And again.
And again.

Grace lost all control of her body as the ninja took her
repeatedly with her own dildo, inflicting orgasm after orgasm
upon her for what seemed like hours. She heard her own voice
crying out in sheer delight as her juices gushed freely down her
legs with each incredible climax. In her frenzied state, her body
responded of its own accord, jamming her slim hips down in time
with the kuniochi's upward thrusts, driving the fake cock as far
as it would go inside herself. Totally lost in her passion, Grace
cried out for more, screaming to the kuniochi to fuck her
senseless. Until at last, she collapsed in total exhaustion to
the damp bedspread before losing consciousness.

***

Grace Chang woke up to find herself naked and alone on the bed.
She turned over, touching a damp spot on the bedspread before
sitting up. For long moments, she stared at the stains, trying to
come to terms with last night's experiences. But all she could
think about was how good it felt to be dominated. Her eyes
drifted to her wrists, marked by reddened skin where her
handcuffs rubbed her as she struggled. Her mind was numb with the
knowledge that she had been repeatedly raped and sodomized last
night. By a woman, no less. And enjoyed it, she admitted.

Almost unconsciously, her fingers drifted between her thighs, her
nails brushing the furred mound, still sticky from her drying
juices. Gingerly she felt around her tender anus, the soreness a
mute testimony to her anal experience. The knowledge that she had
taken the full length of the dildo inside her ass last night
repulsed her, and at the same time excited her. She shuddered
unconsciously, recalling the intensity of pain and pleasure,
blended into a mindblowing sensation. Moaning, she plunged her
fingers inside her own pussy, working furiously, one thumb on her
clit. She came almost at once. However, unsatisfied with the
climax, she looked about. Spying the dildo on the floor by the
bed, she swiftly retrieved the fake cock.

She turned over on her stomach before raising her rump, her hands
busy between her legs. With a choked cry, she pushed the dildo
inside, until the hard plastic was buried almost to the hilt
inside her moistening pussy. As her juices began to flow, she let
her most intimate fantasies spring unchecked to her mind.
Fantasies she had long suppressed.

...She was arresting several hunky perps. Hard muscled, but lean.
She had taken several of them down but their numbers overcame her
superior skill. One of them slapped her across the face. Hard. As
she blinked back her tears, she would see the criminals in a ring
around her. Massaging   their cocks as they leered at her. She
would feel their rough hands as they tore at her, ripping her
clothes off. A knife would slide under her top, cutting through
the material from hem to neckline. She would feel more hands pull
on her bra, breaking the straps. Hands scooping out her breasts,
mauling the firm flesh. Hands dragging on her pants, pulling them
past her wildly-kcicking legs. She would resist. She would then
have her breath knocked out of her as a heavy fist slammed into
her flat stomach...

Grace moaned aloud as she worked the dildo feverishly, sawing the
hard length in and out, the plastic glistening with her juices.
Her other hand moved to her erect nipples, tweaking and pinching
them in her passion.

...Being forced to a hands and knees position on the filthy
floor. Strong hands forced her jaw apart as a latino thrust his
erect cock in her face. 'Blow me, bitch!' he would scream,
slapping her to make his point. Humiliated, she would submit to
his lusts, taking his cock into her mouth. Drool leaking down her
chin, she would service him, sucking and licking his cock like a
cheap hooker. While this was happening a huge black perp with an
equally huge cock would mount her from behind, taking her doggy
style. She would hear her own muffled scream as the monster cock
forced its way into her tight pussy, stretching her inner muscles
painfully. She would hear her rapists grunting like animals as
they violated her supple body...

With a cry, Grace orgasmed, juices spilling out of her pussy and
drenching her fingers. She continued working the dildo
frantically, driving its hard length deep inside her before
withdrawing.

...She would sprawl on the sodden ground, sobbing. Her naked body
would be covered with sweat from her exertions. Cum would be
leaking out of her mouth where she had swallowed the load from  
the first rapist. More cum would be running down her thighs from
her overflowing pussy where the black guy had voilated her,
cuming and shooting his load deep inside her. She would be
overcome by the heady smell of sweat and sex. And the ring of
leering, excited men, eager to experience the pleasures of her
body. Like a bitch on heat, cornered by a dog pack. One by one,
taking turns with her...

...Helpless to resist, she would submit to their lusts, taking
their cocks in her mouth. In her pussy. And to her total
humiliation, in her ass. Shuddering uncontrollably from the force
of being penetrated simultaneously, she would feel her own orgasm
begin to build. And as the pain and pleasure of blended into one
incredible, indescribable sensation, she would cry out in
orgasmic delight. And when they were done, when cum was spilling
out of her every orifice, she would beg them to rape her again.
Beg them to use her like a cheap hooker. She would then eagerly
submit to their every degradation and she would orgasm. Again and
again with her body afire with need...

With a scream, Grace speared the dildo into her ass, working it
inside her most intimate opening as her juices gushed out of her
spasming pussy and ran down her thighs. This time, when she came
the intensity of the orgasm almost overwhelmed her and she
collapsed panting on the sodden bed.


***

Louis was startled when Grace Chang bounded into the station
wearing a tight white blouse and a black mini-skirt and matching
stockings that displayed her sleek legs to full effect.
Accustomed to seeing her in her more severe attire, the eyes of
every male in the department followed her as she headed towards
her desk. Louis caught a glimpse of black panties as the skirt
rode up over her thighs when she settled down. He puzzled over
it: Grace in sexy underwear? Shit! Somebody up there must be
reading my fantasies, he mused. As she reached for her mug, he
noticed  immediately the red rings around her slim wrists. And
what exoteric discipline had she been indulging in?

Louis could hardly keep his mind on work all morning as Grace
flirted most outrageously with him. She manipulated almost every
conversation with him to sex, teasing him until he reddened
before laughing and changing the subject. She bumped into him
constantly, bending low and taking every opportunity to make body
contact with him. If he didn't know her better, he could have
sworn she was trying to seduce him. And she was suceeding. Not
that it took much effort, since he always had a fierce crush on
her.

Louis grimaced as he was chewed out for inattention by the
captain for the second time today, his mind busy visualizing
about a wild, sweaty orgy with Grace. He spent most of the day at
his desk trying to hide a painful erection. As Louis gathered his
coat to go home, he felt someone pull on his sleeve. It was
Grace.

"My car won't start. Give me a ride home?"

Louis had to suppress his first thoughts about the ride he
actually wanted to give his gorgeous colleague before answering,
"Uh... sure. Let me just get my stuff."

***

The ride was uneventful except for the willpower required on
Louis part to keep his eyes on the road as Grace's black
miniskirt rode high enough to display her sleek thighs almost to
her hips. As the car stopped in front of her apartment, she
leaned closer to him.

"Come in for a drink? Least I could do,"  she asked.

Louis nearly choked on his reply. Shit, he thought, if I get a
call now, I'd shoot the despatcher. Twice.

Eyes locked on Grace's firm ass, so clearly outlined by the tight
miniskirt, he followed Grace into the hallway. As the door
closed, Grace slid the bolt home, then grabbed Louis by his
shirt.

"Okay, big boy. I must have you. Now"

With hands made clumsy by lust, Louis pushed her against the
wall. Fumbling around, he managed to unbutton her blouse which
parted to reveal the lacy black bra she wore beneath. Shrugging
her shoulders, Grace let the blouse fall as her delicate fingers
struggled to free his belt and jeans. Pulling on her bra straps,
Louis removed her bra, exposing her taut, perfectly rounded
breasts. The pert nipples were already hard and erect from her
arousal. As her hands closed on his cock, he hiked the black
miniskirt up to her slender waist. Getting his fingers into the
hem of her black panties, he dragged them down past her hips to
her sleek, nylon-clad thighs. Grace helped him, wriggling her
hips before directing his cock to where she wanted it. She was
dripping wet, her juices spilling out of her pussy and running
down her thighs in slow, shiny trails of moisture.

With a choking cry Louis jammed his hips forward, his hard cock
driving deep into his lovely colleague. Grace gasped at the
sensation as she felt the pliable walls of her pussy being
forcefully parted by the invading cock. Her back pressed against
the wall, Grace raised her supple legs before locking them around
Louis' waist. He slammed her repeatedly against the wall as he
fucked her roughly, driving his cock to the hilt inside her
before withdrawing. The wet frictioning became almost unbearable
as Grace cried out in passion, urging the tough policeman to take
her.

"Ohhhhhhh! Yesss! Yesss! Yesssss! Fuck me, Louis! Oh please fuck
me silly!"

Growling, Louis intensified his assault, his cock tunnneling
deliciously into her tight pussy, making lewd squishing sounds.
Her fluids washed over his cock as he took her, drenching his
groin. He licked the sweat beading on her breasts as Grace arched
her back and orgasmed, her strong legs clamping powerfully around
his waist. Louis lost all control as her pussy spasmed, milking
him deliciously. He grunted, holding firmly on her shuddering
body as he shot his load deep inside her. Grace cried out, biting
on the flesh of his shoulder as she felt his hot cum inside her
sopping pussy. They both collapsed on to the floor in a tangle.

Louis recovered first, his eyes roving hungrily over Grace's
superbly toned body. The room was stuffy, making the smell of her
perfume, sweat and fresh cum all the more acute. He got his hands
under her as Grace moaned softly into his ear, nuzzling the faint
stubble on his cheek. Scooping her up, he carried her to her
bedroom and let her down on the soiled bedspread. Grace discarded
the remnants of her clothes, naked but for her black nylon
stockings.

Loius studied her body for long moments. It was as terrific as he
imagined it would be in his fantasies. Better. He was about to
climb onto the bed on top of her when Grace leaned over to the
bedside table. As she fished around in an opened drawer, Louis
heard the clink of metal. Her handcuffs. Smiling slyly at Louis,
she placed them into his hands. He now realized where she got the
marks on her wrists.

"Cuff me," she moaned. "Then fuck me"

Louis took her proferred wrists firmly, raising them to the head
of her bed before cuffing them securely, the chain wrapped around
a bar on the headboard. This made her chest thrust out towards
him, offerring her delicious breasts for him. Grace wriggled
seductively as he leaned over her naked body. He swooped
forwards, his mouth engulfing a breast, licking and sucking
before moving to the other. Grace moaned appreciatively as his
tongue rasped delightfully over her hardened nipples.

Meanwhile his fingers nosed around the entrance to her slick
pussy, wet with their combined juices. Grace began to pant.
Moaning, she trembled as his fingers eased inside her. As she
felt a calloused thumb bear on her clit, she struggled to raise
her hips to increase the pressure. As his fingers worked at her
sensitive pussy, she writhed about, small sounds of pleasure
escaping from her open mouth. Entranced at her response, Louis
increased his speed, alternating between pulling and rubbing on
her clit until Grace cried out, her hips jerking in orgasm.

While she was drunk in the after effects of her second orgasm,
Louis flipped her over on her stomach. Grace realised he wanted
to take her from behind and submissively raised her hips until he
could see the puffed open lips of her pussy and the shiny, wet
hairs on her mound. Louis admired the taut globes of Grace's
buttocks and the dark crease between them for long moments,
lingering on her small, puckered anus winking invitingly at him.
His cock twitched at the thought of having her there. Later, he
decided.

Grace tensed, feeling his hard, muscled body fall behind her and
his cock nosing into position at the mouth of her heated pussy.
She moaned as he teased her, sliiping just the head inside her
before pulling away. Then with a sudden lunge, he slammed his
body into hers, driving his hard cock halfway to the hilt and
drawing an appreciative cry from Grace. Taking a firm hold on her
sweaty body, he sent his cock all the way inside her, making her
body writhe deliciously from the sensations coursing through her.
In response, Grace jammed her buttocks back against his thrusts
trying desperately to get his cock deeper inside herself.

She was still incredibly tight, even with the earlier fucking and
the copious amounts of her fluids flowing freely from her pussy.
He delighted in the way her pussy walls resisted him, clamping
almost painfully on his cock as he fucked her wildly. His hands
reached forward to play with her firm breasts which bounced so
erotically with each stroke. Grace moaned and gasped at the added
sensations to her sensitive nipples. At first she urged him in no
uncertain terms to fuck her brains out, then as he complied,
lapsing into incoherence as the sensations built up indide her.

"Take me, Louis! Fuck me like a whore!"

"Ohhhhh! Yes Louis! Ohhhh! Deeper! Ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhh!"

"Ohhhhh! Ohhhhhh! Ohhhhhhhh!"

As the pleasure spiralled to heady heights, Grace screamed her
delight, her body shuddering powerfully from a series of violent
orgasms. Her face was hidden by her dark hair as she flailed her
head wildly, totally lost in the intense sensations of her
climax. As the walls of her pussy spasmed on his cock, Loius
grunted and climaxed as well, shooting his milky cum into his
colleague for the second time. He collapsed on her, his breathing
heavy against her silken hair, now matted with sweat. They lay
together for long moments before either of them spoke.

"Ummmm. That was real good," Grace smiled at him. "We should have
done this months ago."

Louis grinned. "If I'm dreaming, I don't want to wake up. Ever"

"Can you manage another round, tough guy?" She asked.

Louis groaned, "I won't be able to work tomorrow, Grace"

Grace smiled slyly. The handcuffs jangled as she shook her
wrists, reminding him of her present bound state. Her dark eyes
twinkled as she declared, "I'm 'cuffed and naked, completely
helpless to whatever you want to do to me. For instance you could
rape me repeatedly and I wouldn't be able to stop you..."

Louis swallowed. Then he let his hands play over her body,
enjoying the feel of the soft, satiny skin as he massaged her
shoulders. Admiring her superbly toned muscles, he licked the
sweat off her back. Grace moaned softly. Louis explored down her
back, stopping at where her slender waist flared out slightly to
her hips. His strong hands drifted lower over the globes of her
buttocks, kneading the firm flesh. Grace raised her hips slightly
to accomodate him, breathing heavily with her face pressed into
her pillow.

She gasped, tensing as she felt his strong fingers slip into the
crease exploring her nether vale. Grace moaned with undisguised
pleasure as his fingertip found the puckered opening of her anus,
tracing the tight hole lightly. Louis held his breath as he
explored the entrancing opening further, half expecting Grace to
protest. Instead, she moaned and raised her hips higher as a
finger slipped inside the tight opening. He drilled one finger
inside her ass, then two until she was crying out in her passion,
her knuckles white from gripping the bars of the headboard. Atfer
several minutes of watching as Grace flailed around with his
finger deep inside her ass, Louis could hardly contain his
erection. She gasped in disappointment as the madenning fingers
stopped. Then she felt the much larger shape press itself into
the entrace to her anal passage.

"Yessss!" she hissed, feeling the long, hard length lodge its
head into her most intimate opening. With a sharp cry she thrust
her buttocks back and up, forcing the Louis' cock halfway inside
her ass at one stroke.

"Ohhhhhhh! Take me Louis! Take me in the ass!"

Taking a firm hold on her wildly gyrating hips, Louis was only
too eager to do as she desired, letting his weight drive the hard
cock into her tight, resisting ass. She was incredibly tight and
the going was much too hard to be fun. With his free hand, Louis
reached between her legs, playing with her gushing pussy, until
his fingers came away wet. Pausing momentarily, he coated his
cock with her juices before plundering her tight opening again.
Grace cried out at the incredible sensation of pain and pleasure
as he forced his way past her anal muscles, until his hips
slapped against her buttocks.

Louis paused again, admiring the unobstructed view of his
engorged cock buried to the hilt inside his beautiful colleagues'
firm ass. Here he was with the girl of his dreams naked and
'cuffed to the bed. Unbelievable that he had just had sex with
her in the hallway as she moaned into his ear. And now fucking
her up her tight, beautiful ass that he lusted for ever since she
walked into the station.

Grace was growing impatient, crying out to him in Chinese to
continue his anal assault. Louis gave her what she wanted,
withdrawing halfway before spearing his cock deep into her ass as
far as it would go. Again and again, as Grace screamed in sheer
delight at each stroke. She bucked and heaved, enjoying the feel
of being impaled on his rampant cock. Grabbing at her bouncing
breasts, he mashed them painfully as her body flailed around. He
took her roughly, almost violently, reaming her tight asshole.
And she loved it, feeling the long hard length deeper inside her
than she thought possible.

With the incredible friction inside her ass, Louis was swiftly
losing control as he felt his cock twitch. With a growl he fell
on her body, slick with her sweat and her juices, letting his
weight push his cock all the way inside her rectum. Hands locked
around her waist, he climaxed, shooting his hot cum deep into her
ass. As she felt Louis come inside her, Grace orgasmed as well,
screaming her pleasure aloud as her juices gushed out of her
spasming pussy. She collapsed on to the bed, feeling the dampness
on her thighs as she continued to shudder in orgasm. She
luxuriated in the wonderfully warm glow of her climax, half
asleep until she felt his strong hands unlocking her handcuffs.

Grace turned to watch her lover beside her, "Oh God.... that was
incredible"

Louis grinned like a man who had all his sexual wishes granted in
one night.

"Are you ready to go again?" she asked innocently.

Louis turned pale, splutterring, "Again?"

Grace licked her lips, "There are a few things we haven't tried
yet."

Louis groaned inwardly until he felt her soft lips engulf his
softening cock. She was good, her tongue flicking deliciously
over the head as her supple fingers massaged his balls. He felt
himself growing, stiffening until its hard length was fully
erect. He watched entranced as Grace took him into her hot, wet
mouth, deep throating him. Oh hell, he thought, reaching for her
swaying breasts, a man can only live so long...


***




