Logan lies on top of Weevil on the couch. They kiss leisurely, and Logan presses kisses down Weevil's chest. As he descends, he hears the front door open.

"Hey, V--" Logan raises himself up on his arms to look over the back of the couch and freezes. Weevil, puzzled, sits up and sees Duncan standing motionless in the doorway. When Duncan sees Weevil, he turns and runs out the door. Logan swears and vaults over the back of the couch to follow him.

Logan catches up to Duncan, who is fumbling with his keys, trying to get into his car.

"Wait, okay." Logan grabs Duncan's arm. Duncan only looks at him. "What's your problem, man?"

"My problem?" Duncan's brow is furrowed. "Well, let's see. The last thing I knew you were with Veronica, and now apparently you're with him? Pardon me if suddenly want to be elsewhere."

"Don't tell me Duncan Kane is a homophobe." Logan's voice is mocking. "You should be happy that I'm not with Veronica anymore. That's what you wanted, isn't it?"

"Whatever, man." Duncan succeeds in unlocking his car.

"And where have you been, huh? You show up a week later, expecting everything to be the same? My dad is in jail. He's on trial."

"Yeah, for murdering my sister. But you can't imagine that I might not want to be at the house where he fucked her before he decided to bash her brains in." Duncan is shouting now. "My dad was arrested too, because it turns out that all this time, my parents thought it was me. They thought I killed Lilly." Duncan's voice breaks, and he gets into the car. "Your dad killed their daughter, and my parents went through all the trouble of covering it up. You're not the only one with problems." He backs out of the driveway and drives away, his tires squealing as he turns.

Logan walks back inside. He goes to the freezer and pulls out a bottle of vodka. Weevil waits until he takes a drink, and then takes the bottle away from him. Confused, Logan reaches to take it back.

"No." Weevil holds the bottle out of Logan's reach.

"Fuck you, man." Logan goes into the bedroom and pulls another bottle from his nightstand. Weevil sighs.

"You can't just get drunk and destroy something every time you have a problem."

"Since when?" Logan defiantly takes a swig from the bottle.

"Fine, whatever." Weevil goes upstairs. Logan follows him.

"Aren't you going to try to change me? There'll be touching music when I admit that I have a problem. With your help, I'll be able to do what I couldn't do alone." Logan's voice is sarcastic, and he takes another drink. Weevil ignores him, lying down on the bed. "Answer me, dammit."

"Do you think you have a problem?"

"No." Logan scoffs. "This isn't a very special episode of Blossom, okay? I'm fine."

"Then what's there to talk about?"

"Fine." Logan goes back downstairs and drinks from the bottle, but he loses interest. Weevil comes back down the stairs and goes into their bedroom. Logan follows him inside and lies on the bed. Weevil raises an eyebrow at him.

"What happened with Duncan?"

"He's an asshole." Logan sighs. "And not a big fan of multicultural gay love."

"I'm sorry." Weevil puts an arm around Logan, who moves closer.

"You think I drink too much?" Logan's voice is low.

"When you get upset, yeah." Weevil tightens his arm around Logan. "We'll make some kind of deal, okay? For every day you don't drink, I'll do something as a reward."

Logan sits up, interested. "What kind of reward?"

"I don't know. What do you want?"

"Hmm…" Logan taps his finger on his chin, considering. "Blowjobs."

Weevil laughs. "That can be arranged."