The Proposal
by tzzzr

The Proposal Ch. 01

Kristi enters into a proposal for car maintenance.

"I would do anything to have someone take care of my car!" Kristi exclaimed as the laughter arose from the regulars at the diner. This wasn't the first time she was late for work at Joe's Diner. The regulars had heard the lovely brunette exclaim this many times when Kristi would show up late due to some problem with her car. It wasn't always the same thing but every few weeks her old clunker would leave her stranded, While the diner provided decent earnings, after taking care of her bills there was nothing left for repairs. The "walk of shame" embarrassed her as some of her regular customers refused to believe her car could cause her to be late so many times.

Ross watched the commotion from his seat across the diner. Since moving to town a year ago and becoming a semi-regular at Joe's he had heard this exchange several times. He enjoyed watching the 24 year old brunette turn red from the public humiliation. He had an idea that would help her and provide some entertainment for him but was nervous though that if she didn't agree he might not be able to return to the only diner in the small town they lived in.

After letting Kristi experience a few more breakdowns and humiliations Ross decided to take the risk, arriving at Joe's a few hours later than his usual time. By now the morning regulars had finished breakfast and the diner was fairly quiet. Kristi greeted him mentioning that he was later than usual to which Ross shrugged his shoulders as he settled into a seat in her section.

After finishing his breakfast Ross waited for a time when he could speak to Kristi without anyone else noticing. That moment arrived as she filled his coffee, quietly he said "I know you have a lot of car issues, I have a proposal to solve them. If your interested let me know when your break is and meet me at your car." Kristi gave him a quizzical look but in a few minutes let him know she was about ready for her break. Ross paid his bill and went outside to the back of the diner where Kristi's car was parked.

A few minutes later Kristi stepped outside, after some brief small talk formally introducing themselves Ross began to present his idea; "I've heard about your car problems for several months now and I have a proposal for you. I am willing to do all the maintenance and repairs on your car including most parts and supplies if you agree to a few conditions."

Kristi studied him a moment and then asked "What conditions?"

Ross continued; "Once your inside my garage before any work is started you will strip completely nude and remain nude until the work is complete. At some point during maintenance work you will be required to masturbate to orgasm while I watch before the work is finished. For major repairs additional requirements will be agreed upon based on the complexity and cost."

Kristi was stunned, while she wasn't a prude this was a wild request coming from a casual acquaintance. She did agree to think about it but in her wildest dreams she couldn't imagine getting naked in his garage and masturbating while he watched. Reluctantly she let Ross get some details about her car so he could get what he needed for an oil change should she agree.

Over the next few days Kristi quietly asked around about Ross and found out that he was in his early 50s and was an OK guy who did IT work part time for large companies. His main focus since moving to town was repairing and restoring cars and trucks. People that knew his work said he was very good at it.

"Just my luck, exactly what I need!" Kristi thought still thinking there was no way she could go through with what Ross had proposed.

A few weeks later Kristi stepped out of her apartment with plenty of time before her shift was to start. Turning the key she grimaced at the clicking sound coming from her car. Slamming her hands on the steering wheel she hurriedly called a taxi to take her to work. Even though she originally had plenty of time waiting for the taxi made her late again. After the jeers from the regulars subsided Kristi looked around and noticed Ross smiling as he drank his coffee.

Discreetly she slipped him a note with her number and a simple question, "When and where?" After some texting back and forth a time the next day was agreed upon and Ross texted her his address.

The next day Kristi drove out to the address Ross had given her. It was in a quiet somewhat secluded area on the edge of tow. On the way she realized that if she hadn't been so desperate and heard how great a person and mechanic Ross was she wouldn't have gone through with this. Pulling up to Ross' home and shop Kristi was immediately impressed with how well kept everything was. As she pulled up one of the garage doors opened and Ross appeared motioning her inside and guiding her to park her car on a lift. Before she could get out of her car the door closed behind her.

Nervously Kristi exited the car and said hello, for a few minutes they chatted getting further acquainted until Ross quietly asked if she was ready for him to start.

Kristi nodded yes but Ross inquired to be sure she was OK with the arrangement before they started.

Kristi nodded, "This is definitely strange and she wasn't completely sure what he expected of her but she was desperate to have a reliable car."

Pointing to a shelf full of oil and parts Ross told her he had everything he thought he would need for today. The next thing needed was for her to strip and put her clothes in the car.

Kristi looked down at her clothes, knowing what was expected of her she had dressed fairly casual in a white blouse and jeans with matching bra and pantie set to make a good impression. Looking down Kristi nervously began unbuttoning the blouse pausing at each button as she thought about what she was doing. Ross kept his distance, knowing that he needed to let her to get comfortable, once her blouse was unbuttoned she slowly peeled it off and tossed it through the open drivers window.

When Ross saw the sexy black bra he knew he had chose the right girl. Noticing his smile Kristi asked "Like what you see?"

Ross smiled wider, "Yes I do, what size are those?"

"34C" was Kristi's reply as she slipped her shoes off and unsnapped her jeans, looking into Ross eyes she slowly pulled the zipper down as she turned her back to him. Leaning against her car she slowly peeled the jeans over her hips. Chills ran down her spine when she looked back and saw the growing smile on Ross' face and the growing bulge in his pants. As the jeans dropped below her knees she lifted her right leg and stepped out them. Repeating the motion on her left leg, she tossed the jeans into the car with her blouse and turned to face him in just her bra and panties.

Ross looked her up and down savoring the moment, "Nice lingerie, I'm looking forward to seeing more of you." Nervously Kristi reached around and unsnapped her bra putting her right hand over the cups to keep it from falling off. Biting her lip she used her left hand to pull the straps down and then slowly lowered and removed the bra standing before him in just her panties.

"No covering up." Ross reminded Kristi as she raised her hands over her nipples. Blushing she lowered her hands as he grinned and said "Nice tits, panties..."

Looking Ross in the eyes again Kristi lowered her panties down slowly letting him soak up the vision in front of him. After stepping out of them she tossed them and her bra into the car. For a few minutes Ross enjoyed the view of her pert tits, tiny waist and small landing strip just above her pussy. Kristi stood with her arms at her side blushing as Ross visually inspected her. She could feel the weight of his gaze as he looked her up and down.

Reluctantly, Ross knew it was time to start holding up his end of the proposal. Reaching down he picked up Kristi's shoes and handed them to her telling her "Just so you don't hurt your feet." He then directed her to a recliner and turned his attention to her car. Opening the hood and beginning an inspection he quickly confirmed several items he had noticed when he had looked at the car a few weeks ago.

Calling Kristi over he pointed out his findings, "Your battery cables are partially broken and corroded, That's a good reason for your car not starting so often. I purchased replacement cables but it will take some time to replace them."

Ross loosened the cables and dropped them down so he could reach them from underneath. He then raised the lift and began an underneath inspection after removing the drain plug and letting the oil begin to drain. As the oil began to drain Kristi realized she did not know how to operate the lift. Her car and clothes were stuck until Ross lowered them back to the ground.

It had been about thirty minutes since Kristi had completed her strip. Slowly she was becoming accustomed to being naked in front of Ross. Leaned back in the recliner she absent mindedly spread her legs putting her pussy on display. She began lightly playing with her pussy. The cool air in the garage was having an amazing affect on her nipples keeping them hard at all times. As she lightly stroked her pussy the wetness began oozing out. She was impressed with how respectful Ross was, even though she knew he was enjoying what he saw he gave her enough space that she didn't feel uncomfortable. He worked mostly in silence checking her brakes and rotating the tires.

Occasionally he would mention something that would need looked at in the future or call her over to show her a problem. After the oil had drained he changed the filter and attached the battery cables to the starter and frame and then tucked them up so he could reattach them to the battery once the car was down. Finally he finished all the under car work.

"Time for the second requirement." was all Ross said to Kristi as he pulled a chair close to the recliner. Ross could smell the aroma of sex rising from Kristi's pussy.

Blushing profusely Kristi slowly started stroking her clit, her mind racing about what she was doing, surprisingly she wasn't nervous. Instead she felt aroused performing stark naked for a man she barely knew. First she slipped one finger into her pussy, then two and finally three. Moaning and squirming she plunged her soaked fingers in and out of her sopping wet pussy. With her other hand she pinched and twisted her nipples delightfully cringing at the shock waves of pleasure flowing over her naked body. Sweat began to glisten on her tits and stomach as she squirmed in the recliner urging her body to an orgasm. Continuing to moan she felt the tingle building deep in her body, working it's way up until she began to convulse as wave after wave of orgasm shook her body.

Kristi shook and moaned for several minutes until her body calmed down, spent she laid motionless. Ross was amazed, he had enjoyed watching partners masturbate and orgasm, but this was one of the most powerful ones he had witnessed.

Silently Ross went back to work as Kristi rested up. Lowering the car he continued his work; attaching the battery cables, adding oil and topping everything that needed it, and this car needed everything. Ross finished up by changing the air and cabin filer. As Ross completed the service Kristi was finally able to stand up and walk over to the car still soaking wet from her display. Smiling Ross told her that she had put on an awesome show causing Kristi to turn bright red from embarrassment. Shyly she thanked him and casually stood in front of him completely naked with her juices from her soaked pussy running down her thigh..

Expecting her to decline Ross asked; "Before you dress would you like a short tour? Behind my house are 3,000 acres of woods. There is nothing but trees and streams for over a mile."

Kristi accepted his offer, she was enjoying being naked in front of Ross and was surprised at how respectful he had been to not try to take advantage of her beyond their agreement.

Beginning in the garage Ross showed her the trucks he was working on. He then guided her to a garage door at the back of the building he reminded her once again of the seclusion. Pushing a button the door opened revealing the luscious backyard.

Stepping outside the cool spring air felt good on Kristi's nakedness. Amazed at the seclusion in front of her was a manicured fenced in yard with a large in ground swimming pool. Beyond the yard was a huge field and beyond it was a wooded area.

Ross reiterated that everything she could see was part of his 3,000 acres and there was no one else around. He also mentioned that after he had installed the pool he built the privacy fence for safety and further privacy.

Kristi was a little disappointed that the pool was still closed for winter. After everything she had done skinny dipping would be a great way to end the evening.

Noticing her disappointment Ross mentioned that the pool would be open in a few weeks and that she was welcome to use his pool anytime after that with the same rules applying.

Externally Kristi blushed but internally she could feel the tingle in her tits and pussy at the thought of being able to tan and swim naked in all this privacy.

Ross finished up the tour showing her his home, an immaculate three bedroom house with fine furnishings. With the tour finished Ross guided Kristi back to her car and let her know she could get dressed.

Kristi had actually forgotten she was naked and smiled when she remembered. As she dressed Ross asked if she would be asking for his maintenance skills again or if this was a one time thing for her?

Smiling, Kristi replied, "I'm not sure, you've been a gentleman but I need to give that some thought. I shouldn't say this but I actually enjoyed myself." Grinning she added, "We'll have to see just how well my car does!" With that she slipped her jeans and top on leaving her underwear on the car seat. in the car. Giving Ross a quick hug she backed her car out of the garage and headed home.

Ross smiled and waved as he watched her leave, his idea had went better than he imagined. He enjoyed her company as much as he enjoyed her naked body. He closed the garage door and hoped she would be back.

Kristi couldn't believe how horny she was after the amazing evening. Besides all the time she had spent naked, masturbating on command and getting a nude tour of his property had been the naughtiest thing she may have ever done. She felt freedom being naked for so long and proudly masturbating for Ross. Kristi knew she wanted to do it again but she wasn't sure what else would be asked of her?


The Proposal Ch. 02

Kristi's car needs some more work.

Breakfast at Joe's Diner had been awkward for a few weeks whenever Ross came in. Kristi was still in disbelief at what she had agreed to in order for Ross to work on her car. Even more so she couldn't believe how much she had enjoyed herself!

Every time Ross came in Kristi's mind went back to that evening. Kristi's car had been failing to start causing her to be late for work several times. She didn't have the money to repair it and was getting tired of all the teasing from the regulars at the diner over her frequent walks of shame for being late.

Ross had offered to make her car reliable for a price, Kristi had to strip naked in his garage while he worked on her car, and masturbate to orgasm for him before he finished the work. At first Kristi dismissed the idea but after her car broke down again, this time during a torrential rain shower she relented and gave in.

What she didn't expect was how much she enjoyed being naked in front of someone she barely knew. Ross had been a total gentleman letting her get used to being naked in a strange situation. He had also been true to his word and had not initiated any contact with her

When Ross was about half finished with the car he reminded Kristi that she needed to masturbate for him. Kristi had blushed profusely as none of her previous boyfriends had asked her to do anything like this in front of them. Once she got started and saw the enjoyment in his face and the bulge in his pants Kristi let loose and enjoyed herself having the biggest orgasm she remembered having. After she had recovered Ross finished his work and took her on a tour of his secluded property.

As she was leaving Ross's house Kristi surprised both him and herself by giving the older man a hug before she got dressed. It felt good to feel his rough work clothes against her naked body, Ross had carefully returned the hug with a strong embrace that they held for a short while before saying their goodbyes.

Slowly things returned to normal between her and Ross once the stunning brunette realized Ross wasn't going to tell anyone what she had done. Even when the other diners made inappropriate comments Ross would politely nod and decline from participating.

About a month after her performance in Ross's garage Kristi noticed a quiet squeak when she applied her brakes. "Oh no! What now?" Kristi wondered aloud. She was just regaining confidence in her car as it had not failed her since Ross had worked on it. As the days passed the noise just kept getting louder. She knew the car needed to go to a mechanic but Kristi still couldn't afford to take it in.

She knew Ross could fix almost anything but also remembered him telling her that bigger problems required bigger payments. As the thought crossed her mind at what he might ask of her she felt her pussy twinge both from fear and anticipation.

The next morning Ross was at Joe's Diner finishing his breakfast when his phone dinged. The message was short, "my car 15 minutes". Looking around he caught Kristi's glare and gave her a quick grin. After paying his bill Ross waited in back of the diner leaning against her car out of site from the busy main street in front.

"Someone will see you!" Kristi hissed when she saw him and pulled Ross further out of site. Without giving him time to respond she explained the noise and that it was getting worse.

Ross was fairly certain what the problem was. He told Kristi he could fix it but it would require two trips and two payments.

"Two trips! Two payments!?!?" Kristi shouted momentarily forgetting about not making a scene. "Why two trips?"

Ross explained that while he thought he knew what was wrong he would need to look the car over and make a list of everything he needed to fix it. That would also let him know how big of a repair the second trip would be.

"What kind of payments?", the 24 year old inquired? She knew that being naked would certainly be a requirement, and that was one she had decided was acceptable. She was a little anxious at what else might be required of her body and that caused the moistness in her panties to increase with each passing minute.

Ross told her they would negotiate the second visit after he looked things over. Then he told Kristi what she would have to do for him to check it out.

"What!!!" Kristi yelled again, "You can't be serious??" she inquired.

Ross smiled and told her he was totally serious and that if she wanted his help she would agree to the requirements for this trip. "Besides" he added "the pool is open and your welcome to work on your all over tan".

Thinking it over Kristi realized she had no choice but to agree to Ross requirements for his services. Agreeing she would come over that Saturday Kristi around noon. The budding exhibitionist realized that even though she was being asked to do a little more that she had last time the requirements Ross had laid out for her made her pussy instantly warm and wet.

Counting down the days to Saturday Kristi couldn't decide if she was experiencing dread or excitement over what Ross was asking her to do. She had always wanted to tan nude but never was able to find a totally secluded place. Ross's backyard provided the perfect place to sunbathe naked without the fear of anyone, expect Ross of course seeing her.

Friday finally came around and as Kristi prepared for work she nearly forgot Ross's instructions. When she went to his garage she had worn a matching black lace bra and panty set. Ross had watched the beauty slowly remove them as she got naked so he would work on her car. She hadn't worn them since that evening. Ross had tasked her with wearing that specific lingerie for the entire day today. As she slipped the lingerie on she could already feel the warmth and wetness building inside of her. Pulling on her jeans and work polo Kristi tried to deny she was excited about exposing herself to Ross again but the evidence was to damning.

Every time she thought about the lingerie she was wearing memories of the intense orgasm she had while Ross watched flooded her mind. When Ross came in the diner that morning she softly moaned at the mini orgasm that struck when she saw him.

Always discreet Ross had given her a sly questioning glance, Kristi knew he was asking if she had obeyed. Biting her lip she gave him a nod so slight no one else noticed.

Friday evening came agonizingly slow for Kristi. In addition to detailing how she would dress the next morning Ross had been explicit with how Kristi would prepare her body Friday night.

9:00 PM finally arrived and Kristi stood in front of a mirror in her bedroom as required. Ross had asked her to slowly strip in front of the mirror and think about each part of her body as it was revealed.

First came the polo, after admiring the curves it covered Kristi slowly peeled it over her head and then folded it and carefully laid it over a nearby chair as per his instructions. Looking back to the mirror Kristi saw the lacy black bra underneath. Other than when she bought them she had never paid much attention to her under garments. Now at Ross instruction she was keenly aware of her 34C tits that filled the lacy garment and threatened to spill over the top. Lowering her eyes the curvaceous brunette next focused on her mid section. Not quite a six pack but toned and taught. Her lone indulgence was a gym membership and she made good use of it frequently going straight from the diner to the gym for her work outs.

After enjoying the view of her upper body Kristi slowly unsnapped and unzipped the cutoff jeans she had changed into after her shift. It felt odd but yet strangely satisfying following Ross instructions to the letter. Slowly pulling the tight cutoffs over her hips she let them fall to the floor. Kneeling she picked them up, folding them as she placed them on top of the t-shirt.

Looking again in the mirror she blushed and felt her face and pussy get even warmer if that was even possible. Seeing herself in the bra and panties brought back the intense feelings she had just before completely exposing herself to Ross.

Even though she was alone she felt strangely shy as she began to remove the bra and expose her 34C tits. First teasing the left strap off of her shoulder and letting it dangle at the side, next the right strap until she was relying solely on the snap to hold it in place.

Sticking out her chest she admired the cleavage that was showing. Keeping her eyes on her tits Kristi reached around unsnapping the bra and allowing it to slide off.. The thin garment grazed her nipples sending shivers down her body as it fell to the floor. Kristi cupped her tits and began squeezing her nipples. Slowly she squeezed and released her nipples watching and softly moaning. "Better slow down" she told herself as she picked up the bra and carefully placed it over the cutoffs.

Turning around Kristi smiled at the sheer panties barely concealing her backside in the mirror commenting aloud to the empty room, "It is a nice ass.". With both hands she slowly pulled the panties over her ass and let them fall to the floor. Kneeling she picked up the panties and as instructed put them over her nose to take in the intoxicating scent of sex that had been growing all day. Adding the panties neatly to the pile of clothes on the chair Kristi tuned back to face the mirror and contemplated her soaking wet pussy.

As Ross had instructed she gently massaged her pussy lips and softly moaned as she felt the wetness begin seeping down her thighs. Laying down as ordered she propped her head up so she could see her pussy in the mirror. For the first time she watched herself gently massage her clit and felt the orgasm building inside of her. Slowing Kristi inserted two fingers deep into her leaking hole and dredged a handful of juices out. Tasting herself made her even wetter as she realized just how turned on she was.

Returning her fingers and gaze to her clit Kristi spread her pussy open so she could clearly see what was going on. Continuing to massage her clit Kristi brought herself to the edge of an orgasm and reluctantly stopped as Ross had asked her to.

Coming down from the near orgasm gave Kristi time to reflect on where she was headed with Ross. She was enjoying following his orders, exposing herself, masturbating for him and even dressing as he asked when he wasn't around. Kristi knew she was headed down the path of becoming a submissive, she was enjoying the journey but wasn't sure where it would lead to. With a pussy yearning for stimulation she went to bed naked, again as ordered and had a fitful sleep dreaming about what might happen tomorrow.

Kristi awoke early in the morning excited and tense about what she was to do today. Ross had given her a clear idea of what he expected her to do, but he had also said the repairs on her car would require her to go farther. So far he had not touched her or asked her to do anything to him. She enjoyed being naked in his presence and had a tremendous orgasm the last time they were together.

Jumping in the shower Kristi continued to follow his orders on how to prepare herself for the day ahead. Carefully she trimmed the landing strip on her pussy so it was neat and straight.

Stepping out of the shower Kristi toweled herself off and stood naked in front of the mirror. Looking over her trimmed and toned body she smiled at her svelte curves.

Ross had instructed her to stay naked until she was standing at the door ready to leave. She thought it was odd but still felt compelled to follow the rules he had given her for this adventure. Being told to be naked felt different than just not putting clothes on.

Kristi was to nervous to eat much so she prepared a light breakfast and then a bag of everything she would need for the day. She giggled at the thought of "everything" she knew she was to be naked whenever she was at Ross's house, that meant no need for her bikini, he said he would provide towels, so the only thing she "needed" was sunscreen and a hair brush.

Slipping on her sandals Kristi next put on the only clothing item she was allowed to wear, a sheer button down coverup. At first Kristi buttoned every button taking some security in being covered. As she peered out the window to make sure no neighbors were around she realized how silly she was being. "If I'm going to do this I want to do it right." Unbuttoning all but one button she checked to make sure she wouldn't come face to face with anyone in her apartment complex before walking to her car as if everything was normal. Her only care being not to let the short coverup fly up and expose her ass or pussy.

Making her way to Ross's place Kristi cautiously enjoyed driving nearly naked for the first time. The small town she lived in only had one stop light which she avoided but several stop signs. She tried to time it so no one was around the stop signs as she approached.

As she approached one of the last stop signs before the road to Ross's house Kristi saw an older man standing at the sign waiting for her to stop so he could cross the road. Ross's orders had been specific in instructing her to obey all traffic laws and not to coverup if someone had the opportunity to see her. Slowly pulling up to the sign she kept a strong grip on the wheel as the man began walking across the road. When he was directly in front of Kristi he looked her direction and stopped in his tracks. Kristi's car sat fairly low and the man had a perfect view of Kristi's nearly nude tits. The lone button left most of her 34C's on display and the thin coverup did not hide her aroused nipples.

To Kristi it seemed as if the man stood in front of her car staring for hours although it was only a few brief seconds. Finally the man smiled and shouted "Thank you!" as he continued across the street a huge grin on his face and a newly found spring in his step.

Once the man was out of the road Kristi sped away from the stop sign. Eventually the embarrassment turned to giggling about what had occurred. She noticed that her pussy which had been moist all morning had gotten very wet watching the older man stare at her. As she turned onto the rural road that led to Ross's place she completely unbuttoned the coverup and allowed it to spread open over her tits for the short distance to Ross's house. Looking down Kristi was completely exposed, as she drove the anticipation of what she was going to do made her seat wet with anticipation.

As it had before the door to Ross's garage began to open as soon as Kristi pulled into the driveway. As she entered the garage Ross pushed the button to lower the door and guided Kristi back to the lift the car was on for it's first visit.

Opening the door Ross smiled as he saw how exposed Kristi was and asked her how the drive was.

Ross laughed and Kristi blushed as she detailed what had occurred at the stop sign. He asked for details on how it felt to be seen by a stranger.

Kristi blushed even further as she told him that at first she was mortified for him to see her nearly naked body. But as she watched him and saw the lust in his eyes her pussy stared leaking and she began enjoying being seen.

"Congratulations on your first public showing" Ross's said while laughing. "Before you go outside you need to take care of a few things......" Ross first asked her to remove the wispy coverup over the beautiful brunettes shoulders and taking it from her carefully folded it for her before placing it in the backseat of her car. Next he guided Kristi over to the recliner she had masturbated in the first time she had been there.

Reclining back Kristi noticed Ross had carefully laid out everything she would need for Ross's first requirement. Sitting on a table next to Kristi where a pair of scissors, a razor, shaving gel, a tub of warm water and a towel.

"Are you sure I have to do this?" she asked "I like my landing strip."

Ross grinned and replied, "You agreed to do it this way and keep it this way until your car is repaired. I want to see you smooth as a baby."

Glaring at Ross Kristi picked up the scissors and began trimming the hair from her landing strip, Carefully she trimmed her pubic hair as close as she could to her pussy. Ross stood over her watching intently as she trimmed away what small amount of hair she had. Once the trimming was done she applied shaving gel to the remaining stubble and using the razor removed all trace of the landing strip she was so proud of.

Drying herself Kristi looked at her pussy, completely bare for the first time in years. She had always thought pubic hair made her look grown up. Keeping it trimmed into a landing strip made her feel sophisticated. She was back to feeling like a little girl now.

Shyly she looked up at Ross asking "Is that what you wanted?".

Smiling broadly Ross nodded his head, "Exactly what I wanted to see, now you need to put some sunscreen on before going outside. Want some help?".

Kristi glared at him replying "No, I can do it." and began applying sunscreen. First to both arms and then her legs as she would normally do. It felt odd to apply sunscreen to her tits and pussy but she knew that those areas would need it the most. After completing her front she began applying it to her back.

Watching her struggle to apply sunscreen to her back Ross asked once more if she needed help.

Reluctantly Kristi agreed to let Ross apply sunscreen to her back. First he applied a liberal dose of sunscreen to both of his hands and then for the first time touched the 24 year old's naked body sending shivers down to her toes. Carefully he rubbed the sunscreen over her shoulders and down her back paying careful attention to each ass cheek. As he neared the bottom of her ass he started working in to apply some between her legs.

"I'll get that" Kristi spoke softly as she closed her legs to ward his fingers away from her moist pussy. Kristi applied sunscreen to that very private area and then let Ross lead her to the secluded backyard where she could tan while he looked over her car.

"Mmmmm" was all the exposed 24 year old could say as she felt the warmth of the sun directly on her nipples With nothing between her and the sun she could instantly feel it's warmth all over her body.

Ross let her soak up the sun for a minute while he soaked in her beauty before directing her to a lounge chair he had placed in full sun near the garage. Laying down in the chair Kristi looked Ross in the eyes and spread her legs wide open. Then taking her hands she spread her pussy lips and asked "Like what you see?"

Laughing Ross said "You wouldn't be here if I didn't.". With that he left the brunette to tan as he put together a list of parts needed to fix the squeak she was hearing.

Looking over the car Ross quickly confirmed his suspicions, the front brake pads were badly worn and in need of replacement. Unfortunately she had let it go far to long and the rotors were bad too. He also found leaking calipers and cracked brake hoses requiring him to do a major overhaul on the front end. After making a list of everything he needed he checked the rear finding it much the same.

Checking his list carefully Ross made sure he knew everything that was necessary to get the brakes on her 2012 Malibu back into top condition. As it needed almost everything brake related the cost for parts was well over $400. Ross felt his cock harden as he thought about her "payment for his services" to get the car back in good condition.

Stepping back outside Ross took a good look at the naked 24 year old beauty tanning in his backyard. She had finished tanning her front and had turned over putting her beautiful ass on display. He couldn't believe what she was willing to do to have her car worked on. If she had only asked Ross would have done the work without all of this, he may have even paid for it to keep her safe. But she had said she would do anything and he decided to push the issue and see if she really meant it.


