Who's to blame 
Exhibitionism Entry by a Female 
We all know exibitionism is basically illegal, yet we, or I, continue to expose ourselves. I continually question myself as to why I have the urge to be seen naked by the opposite sex. Yes, it greatly arouses me, but I know the things I do are wrong. I wonder where to lay the blame for my behaviour and think my exposure to an exibitionist is the probable cause or at least an excuse. Perhaps my reasoning is a cop-out and I am only trying to blame another for my fetish. My mother was deeply involved in her families business Since my parents breakup I rarely saw my father, mostly only at holidays and the older I got the less frequent his visits became. Eric was a long time employee of the family business and eventually moved into our house. I thought at first it was only done for convenience at work but soon realized he and my mother were lovers. He was considerably younger than my mother and the entire family had complete trust in him. So much so that I was alone with him most evenings long before my mother got home from work. I had no interest in the family business and had decided to become a teacher. The weather was always mild where we lived and often very hot. Eric was always in shorts and rarely wore a shirt around the house. The shorts he wore were not underware but always a very thin material and it was obvious he had no underware on. I believe some of the shorts he wore, he had cut out the lining of them. The outline of his penis was prominent and I could often see he had an erection. If he stood near a light or where the sun came through a window some of the shorts were almost transparent. He is a good looking man so I often took advantage of seeing him like that. Gradually he would expose himself to me by wearing an open robe or simply let me see him with only a towel around him. Since I never objected or said anything to my mother about it he became more comfortable with exposing himself to me. The bedroom door was open most of the time, enough for me to see in his room. He would be naked in bed and although he wanted me to think he was sleeping I knew from the start he was not at all asleep. Just by his movements and the ways he positioned himself I knew his only objective was to expose himself. He knew I had friends over often and they also saw him like that and at times I would just look at him for a long period of time and allow my friends to see him. It was a big joke with us and at times they asked to see him again. We often talked about him and the opinion was that he didn't have a very large penis but we all liked watching him get an erection. We were all convinced he knew we were looking at him and if he were truly asleep why would he get hard like he did most of the time. He never did masturbate in front of any of my girlfriends but he did quite a few times when I was looking in at him. If my mother was at home he never did any of this and never wore the thin shorts. Now my admission, I enjoyed lookng at him especially when he was naked. I often wore my bikini in front of him and knew he was admiring my body. It was exciting to me when I knew or could see he had an erection. It was so obvious when he had the thin shorts on and I would look to see if I made him hard. More and more I would wear revealing outfits and often wore no bra and panties. There where never any remarks made by either of us about our dress or lack of it. I dressed normal if any of my girfriends were at the house and never let any of them know what I myself was doing. I don't know in the past if he ever saw me naked and only remember a few times when he saw me in underware. Like Eric I began leaving my bedroom door open somewhat and allowed him to see me naked more often as time went by. I began to understand how he must have reacted when I saw him naked and would get wet just knowing he saw me that way. There were times I would walk out of the bathroom naked knowing he was nearby and simply tell him I didn't know he was home, never apoligizing or offering an excuse for being naked. We just didn't talk about it and never was anything said to my mother. This went on for several years and when I moved out on my own longed for an audience or a way to expose myself to other males. The first apartment I moved into was worthless as far as being able to be seen naked. By this time I was teaching 3rd grade and started hunting for a new apartment where I could expose myself on a regular basis. I saw an add for a rooming house that was for sale. It had seven bedrooms and did need some major renovations but was relatively cheap for the size of it. My mother was reluctant at first but lent me the money to buy it and repair it. There were only three men living there at the time and all were older retired men. The kitchen is huge and all tenants have use of it and the living room. I now have six men living in the house and am continually exposing myself to them. Only two are under 60 years old but it is a dream come true for me. They have all seen me naked many times and I wear as little as possible when around them. Some have made remarks to me but I just smile and try to act like its there fault they saw me naked which I'm sure they know it isn't. My mother is leery that I live with these men but I always assure her they are old men and harmless, which they are. She certainly has no inclination as to what my intentions are and thinks I did it as an investment. I purposely chose the bedroom at the top of the stairs on the second floor. All but one of them has to pass my room to go to their rooms. My door is ajar most of the time and I sleep naked all the time. I strategically placed a small mirror on my night table to observe them looking at me. I'm sure many times I am truly asleep when they look in but often pose myself while wide awake anticipating thier arrival at my door. Three of the men have become my favorites and seem to be the most anxious to see me like that. They have all become voyeurs to an extent and none seem to hesitate to take advantage of seeing me naked. I love having their eyes on me and never discourage or complain if they have friends come over. The oldest man asked me if I knowingly was exposing myself but I just told him I was careless and wasn't embarrassed about my body. I denied being an exibitionist but I don't think he believed me. The other men have all said something on different occassions about how I was dressed or how they saw me naked. When they do make remarks I simply laugh it off or tell them they are exaggerating what they saw and sometimes say I don't believe them or they are only kidding me. I'm sure by now they all know I do these things intentionally but none have ever complained or admonished me about it. I seldom masturbate when one or more are watching me but sometimes can't help myself. I still sometimes feel embarrassed afterwards when I know one of them saw me satisfying myself particularly when I use a vibrator. The amazing thing is that none of them have ever really hit on me or tried to have sex with me. They all know and have met my boyfriend so perhaps that is the reason. My boyfriend has stayed a few nights but I normally stay at his apartment when we have sex. I only see him twice a week and know he is unaware of what goes on between me and my tenants. I have had the house for over three years now and only one of them has moved out. The vacant room was rented within a week by another man who was a friend of his. I'm sure the other guy told him about me because when he first came he was more than anxious to move in. Within the first week I know he saw me naked twice and many times since. As much as I know what I'm doing is wrong, the excitement and arousal makes me continue doing it. I felt guilty sometimes when I have met some of their family members. I have have met some of their children and grandchildren over the years but also know these men don't tell them about me exposing myself like I do. When I go to work and am in my classroom I am always modestly dressed. Many of the other teachers think I am quite prudish and have no conception of what I do at home or for that matter would ever think me capable of exposing myself the way I do. In my own mind I sometimes blame Eric for what I have become but know it is, in reality, my own doing. He might have egged me on at the beginning by exposing himself but I took full advantage of the situation at the time. I never expose myself outside of the house but have no need to as others may have. I am satisfied by the frequency I am seen naked by my tenants. It is only a bonus when some of their friends also see me naked. I masturbate often but when I do its usually done with my door closed. Recently I have begun letting some of them watch me more often and have found it is becoming more arousing each time and also less embarrassing. Its seems I now have multiple orgasms if I know one of them are watching me. With as many times as they have all seen me naked it suprises me that I still feel humilated at times after I climax several times. I can't help but moan and think the sounds I make are more embarrassing than the fact that they are watching me and can clearly see me naked. I always have the radio or tv on quite loud but still know they can hear me as I orgasm. I'm not embarrassed at all when I make these sounds with my boyfriend but for some reason I am when the men are watching me. As much as I try not to moan I always do as I orgasm. Through the small mirror I can see them and appreciate the expressions they make. They seem to like it when I moan and groan but for some reason I find it humiliating when I do. It doesn't deter me from masturbating and I am a little more at ease each time. They still at times make comments about my nudity but none has ever mentioned masturbation to me or that they had seen me doing it. None of them has ever exposed themselves to me but I have seen several of them in their underware. My main focus is for them to see me naked which is very easily done. They are all willing participants as are all of their friends and I have no fear of getting into trouble for what I am doing. Aside from satisfying my exibitionism it has also become a profitable situation. They each pay me $420.00 per month, supply their own food and pay a portion of the utility bills. My mother thinks I have become a business woman and now considers the house a good investment. It is, but my fetish to expose myself is also taken care of and I'm am positive the men like living here. I get along well with all of them even though I am many years younger. Some of them even prepare meals for me at times and all but two are retired now. They obviously like what they see on a regular basis and I am glad to accomadate them. My boyfriend has asked me to move in with him many times but I always refuse. I just tell him I have to take care of the house since he is unaware of my nudity and masturbation around the men. We have no intention of marriage at this time and I enjoy my life to well to change things as they are. 
