Dressing Dangerously - The Dialogue That Started It All
What follows is a series of messages originally posted in "Miniskirts Without Panties," a MicroSoft Network Web Community at http://groups.msn.com/MiniskirtsWithoutPanties/ . This dialogue resulted in an idea for starting a new group that would be by and for women who enjoy wearing low-riding pants without panties. And from that idea came the Delphi Forum, "Dressing Dangerously," followed by the present Yahoo! Group of the same name, devoted to "girl talk" not only about low-riding pants but all other types of daring and sexy garments. 
Incidentally, all of the women who participated in the original discussion became members of "Dressing Dangerously." 
 
How Low Do You Wear? 
Message 1 in Discussion 
From: WaccamawBetty (Original Message) Sent: 8/3/2001 10:18 AM 
When wearing hip huggers or draw pants, how low will you wear them? I like wearing mine really low and sometimes it makes me nervious about if they are going to fall. Sometimes I'll wear minis low down too depending on my moods. Anyone else like me? Care to share your experiences?

From: Lazy Linda Sent: 8/5/2001 11:08 PM 
May I assume that you are wearing the pants without panties? That's certainly what I do. And, yes, it sometimes makes me nervous, too. But that's part of the excitement of taking risks and showing off. I've occasionally worn mine so low that I've had to shave off most of my pubes just to get away with it. It's soooo sexy to feel them riding way below my pelvic bones--and to notice the stares I'm getting from the guys! However, I've sometimes been embarrassed to discover that some of my butt crack has been showing. And one time, because I'd tied them on too losely, I had a pair of draw-string pants completely fall off while I was on the dance floor! As you can imagine, I was mortified. But it got me really turned on, too. 
You wrote:
"Sometimes I'll wear minis low down too depending on my moods."
I presume you mean those low-riding miniskirts that bare the navel and tummy. I've been meaning to buy a skirt like that, a really daring one. But I haven't done it yet. Tell me what yours are like. How many inches is your smallest one, waist to hem? Does it fit tight or loose? And how low have you dared to wear it when you have no panties? 
You said:
"Anyone else like me? Care to share your experiences?"
I think we're very much alike. I'd love to compare notes on the sorts of places we go wearing micro minis and low-riding pants. 
Yours, Lazy Linda 

From: Trish Sent: 8/6/2001 10:38 PM 
I'm just crazy about low-rise pants, especially the kind without belt loops. But I don't like them fitting tight. I prefer a looser fit so I can easily shove them lower than they're even designed to go--the lower the better! I want them to look like they're on the verge of slipping too far south. This is even easier to arrange with drawstring pants because I can completely control exactly how low I want them to ride, how dangerously loose I'll allow them to fit, and so on. It's a hoot watching the guys fall all over themselves when I stroll by, gently swaying my hips in a way that makes my pants look more insecure on me than they really are. And I never, never, ever wear panties when I do this. 
As for those narrow micro miniskirts, you can buy them online from Wicked Temptations at http://wickedtemptations.com 
. They're called "sliver skirts" because they're nothing more than a sliver or band of material encircling your hips. I have two, one of which looks like this picture from the Wicked Temptations online catalog (though mine is a different color). 

Naturally, I don't dare pull the skirt up as high as this model has it on her. It would show everything! So I push it down really (I mean really) low. And even then, I have to watch how I move in order to keep it from riding up or slipping too far down--which is always an adventure. 
-- Trish 

From: Laura Sent: 8/7/2001 10:48 AM 
I just had to write to say that I'm the same way you are, Betty. I never wear panties and I love the feel of pants and skirts riding really low on me. I've been dressing this way for a few years now. You and I are about the same age, too. 
So how low is the lowest you've ever dared to wear pants or a skirt? 
You can post your answer here or e-mail me directly at LauraZinn@Hotmail.com. I'd love to swap stories with you. 
Laura 

From: Laura Sent: 8/16/2001 1:35 PM 
Betty and I have been communicating a little by e-mail and I told her that I always wear my pants at least as low as Britney Spears does in this picture.

Betty says she isn't quite that brave yet, but neither of us wear panties. I wonder if there are enough others in this group who like to wear their pants low that maybe we should create a new "Low-riding Pants" community and talk about our adventures. Any comments? 

From: razin Sent: 8/18/2001 8:02 PM 
Wow Trish, what you're doing with the slither skirt is very sexy and risky. It's hard to imagine somebody wearing that without panties. I would really like to see a pic of you in that skirt and see how low you wear it and how much is visible. 

From: Trish Sent: 8/18/2001 9:55 PM 
That's a "sliver" skirt . . . though it has been known to "slither" down a bit when I dance. But nobody has ever gotten a picture. And to protect my privacy, I'm not in to posting pictures, anyway. Hope you understand. 

From: razin Sent: 8/22/2001 7:08 PM 
I understand, I was just curious to see how that skirt looks on a person because it is so tiny. Is it possible to wear it without revealing anything? 

From: Trish Sent: 8/22/2001 10:50 PM 
Yes, it is. When I push it low enough, it covers all of my rear. Well, sort of. Sometimes a glimpse of butt cheek peeks out under the hem or a little bit of butt crack peeks out above the belt line. It's sometimes a real balancing act wearing it, which is why I can't wear it just anywhere. 
But, as with all of my short skirts and dresses, I have to really watch how I move or someone will see up my skirt. And since I don't always watch how I move--or even want to--guys have frequently gotten quite a show. 
-- Trish 

From: low_riser Sent: 1/1/2002 8:28 AM 
Laura, Betty, Trish, and all who've written on this thread: 
Great idea to have a community for us who love showing off our tummies down low almost to our pussies! Almost like pantyless miniskirts from top down rather than bottom up, especially if there's a "hipbone-gap flanking your pubes that guys can look down into! Hadn't yet seen this particular photo of Britney Spears that you (Laura) posted in your message, but her outfit is great, her pants are "almost" low enough for my taste! I've seen photos of Kylie Bax at what I think were MTV awards where her pants appear to ride even lower than Britney's in this photo. And a few years ago a British designer Alexander McQueen had a line of pants that really went as far down as humanly possible!
Just to address some things raised by various posters, I see no big deal in the rear-end crack showing at the top a bit. If it's OK to have, and even flaunt, tit cleavage up front why not the same outlook on a bit of ass-cleavage down the rear? Small price to pay for the benefit of yumy tummy exposure down front. Sometimes gotta take the good with the bad, if it really is that bad to begin with!
And don't guys just love seeing bare bellies too! Just too many of them are too shy to let their eyes pop out too obviously. I really get turned on when I see a passing guy's eyes drop down to my belly, and not dart back up again. If his eyes linger then I instinctively slow down, hook my thumbs over the top, and pull it down even a bit lower for him to get a longer and deeper look. The pants don't actualy slip down to drop because that action tightens them around the back so all is secure, but I can tell from the look in his eyes that he'll be thinking of me when he jerks off later, glad it wasn't my eyes he kept looking at.
Utra-low-rise micro-mini skirts? Yeah like Wow! On ebay there's a seller called martec1 who makes and auctions them, sometimes for less than $10, other times at over $30, depending on who's bidding. Most of his are not that short, in the 12-10 inch range, but he's had a few at about 7 inches length with slits yet! You have to wear them low off your hips to have them cover the bottoms of your ass cheeks to wear without panties, so a bit of ass-crack exposure in back is inevitable, but like I said, not really that big a deal. A nice low dressier off-hip micro mini skirt for a bit of glam clubbing can be had by simply using one of those narrow version stretch sequinned strapless "boob-tube" tops as a skirt. Fits tightly around your hips and ass so it lets you go pantyless with "selective" viewing (other than if you spread your thighs while sitting!) and at about 8 inches in length must be worn low low down off your hips to even get just about the minimum limit of hem coverage below. Pair that with a skimpy strapless glitzy bra top you have to keep tugging back up into place, and you'll have your date totally delirious. If he begs nicely enough, straddle him on a barstool for a face-to-face lap dance and send him to kingdom cum! 
Yeah I know I'm a terrible tease, but I love giving guys horny hard-ons! 
As low-rise pants might be getting a bit off topic for this pantyless miniskirt community (which I do enjoy tremendously as well, especially some of the "first date" album photos where a couple is seated on a couch at what loks like a party and he's fondling her brazenly exposed pussy!) I'm all for a low rise bare belly community where we could go into similar stuff about bare belly exposure and what that can lead to as well!!!
low_riser

From: Carrie Anne Sent: 2/12/2002 9:41 PM 
Hi,
Just found this site and all I can say is WOW! I thought I had some wild outfits. You girls are putting me to shame especially in those sliver skirts. How do you wear them?
I have what I thought was the lowest set of low ride pants ever made but now I'm doubting it. I absolutely love the look and I get so turned on evey time I wear them I can't beleieve it. 
Mine come down to just about an inch and a half above the top of my slit. I have that hipbone gap going as someone put it and often have a couple of hairs poking out if I don't shave enough. Combined with a little ass showing, it looks like they are going to fall off at any moment. I don't have that much of an ass so they really do feel like they are going to fall the whole time I have them on. Not much I can do since I can't really pull them up too much either. Several guys and a couple of girls have come up to me to ask what was keeping them up. I get so excited that my lips get so swolen they push against my pants which only attracts more attention. 
I love those pants. I feel like I'm more daring in them than most of my bikinis, and I have some bikinis that don't stay on to save their life.
I'm glad I found some place to tell someone how I feel in them. I'll post more once I find my way around the site.
Carrie Anne 

From: Trish Sent: 4/17/2002 9:30 PM 
Dear Low Riser and Carrie Anne:
I've been away lately from this community but logged on recently and noticed the continuing messages in this thread, especially from you two. So I tried to send each of you a personal e-mail. But, Low Riser, your account is closed. And, Carrie Anne, your box is too full and so your server won't accept any mail. That's why I'm responding to you here and hope you happen to stop by and see my message.
Yes, I think starting a special community for girls like us who dare to wear our pants as low as possible, and without panties, would be a great idea! And I'm willing to set it up if there's enough interest. So please send me a personal e-mail so I'll know how I can reach you to let you know when such a community has been established and where it is. (And this goes not only for Low Riser and Carrie Anne but anyone else interested. Let me hear from you!) My e-mail address is Trish_E_Landin@yahoo.com . 
And, Low Riser, you wrote that you've seen photos of Kylie Bax where her pants appear to ride even lower than those worn by Britney Spears in the photo Laura posted. Well, I've searched the Web under the name Kylie Bax and haven't managed to see anything like the photo you described. Can you or anyone else e-mail such a picture to me? I'd love to see it. Do you know what year's MTV or whatever awards it might have been? Perhaps I could search for the pix that way. 
You added that British designer Alexander McQueen had a particularly daring line of pants. Again I checked the Web. And I did find websites showing his fashion designs, some of which showed models wearing low rise pants. But nothing I saw struck me as uncommonly low, as you suggested. So, could you or anyone else send such pictures to me? Such pictures could contribute to my collection that could later become the basis of albums in a new group. (In fact, I'll accept any pix of sexy ladies in ultra low rise pants who are really pushing the envelope. I want to see who else out there dresses as dangerously as I do!) 
Finally, I identified so much with the way you described your feelings wearing ultra low rise pants, Carrie. And I'd love to hear more about those bikinis you wear that just won't stay on. So do drop me an e-mail if you see this message. I love swapping sexy adventures with other girls as we talk about the fun we have wearing those daring miniskirts and pants without undies, and those minimal little bikinis, too! 
--Trish

This file is from the "Dressing Dangerously" Yahoo! Group at: http://http://groups.yahoo.com/group/Dressing-Dangerously/ 
E-mail the manager, Trish Landin, at: Trish_E_Landin@Yahoo.com . 
