Disclaimer: I do not own Yu-Gi-Oh or Dragonheart; they both belong to their respective owners. I do, however, own bits of the plot.

Chapter Five: Messes

Two brave knights charged as one;
Their iron blades flashing in the sun. 

Yugi stepped forward and placed his hand on the dragon's side, gasping at the texture of the scales. They felt like leather, completely different to how Yugi thought the tough-looking scales would feel. And the dragon was warm, a comfortable warmth against his palm. He began stroking the dragon's side, suddenly reluctant to stop. It was so much better than he imagined, being able to touch a living dragon instead of a dead one. He turned and smiled up at the creature when he felt the dragon's eyes on him. "Warm."

The dragon nodded, an amused rumble sending vibrations up Yugi's arm. The prince bit his lip to hold back a gasp at the pleasurable sensation, already craving more. He pulled his hand away, carefully cradling it to him as he walked back to his meal, morosely turning the rabbit on its spit. He wished that he had made the fire closer to the dragon. He pulled the rabbit away from the fire, examining it before setting it back down with a sigh.

"I could…" The dragon trailed off as Yugi looked up at him, confused by the dragon's sudden avoidance of eye contact. Yugi leaned back onto his hands, the motion enough to urge the dragon on. The creature shifted, leaning his head closer to the fire. "I could help you with that."

Yugi nodded, his eyes unfocused as the dragon came closer, carefully raising his head before blowing a stream of fire over the rabbit. The prince watched the dark flames lick the rabbit, holding out a hand as a signal to stop the same time the dragon closed its mouth and pulled back. Yugi pulled the spit from over the fire, examining the rabbit before taking a bite, purple eyes filling with worry when he saw the dragon staring at his half eaten deer.

The dragon seemed to notice this, the tip of his tail twitching before he looked back at Yugi. "Most people would lose their appetite watching a dragon eat."

The prince shrugged. "I chose to come here. Don't let me stop you."

The dragon nodded slowly, arching his neck to bite into the haunch of the deer before pulling back, jaws snapping shut around the piece of meat. Yugi turned his attention back to his own food, reminding himself that it was rude to stare. But he couldn't help himself, dragons had always held a fascination for him, especially after all the stories his mother had told him.

It was interesting, being raised with those stories. From the knights he heard how dragons were cruel beasts that lived to torment humans. From his mother he heard about the intelligence of dragons and the wonders that they could do. He, himself, was torn on how to see dragons other than the pity he felt when Mahad had slain another one. Yugi knew that they didn't deserve their treatment, but so far had seen no signs of the intelligence that his mother claimed they had.

Until he had met this one.

Yugi looked up from his rabbit, watching as the dragon finished off his deer, lowering his head to lick the blood off his claws. The dragon sensed his gaze, looking up and meeting Yugi's gaze for a while before standing up and walking over to where the other two deer were. Yugi tipped his head back to watch the dragon, fingers twitching on the stick he was holding, the sudden urge to draw upon him. He had felt awed when he looked at the other dragons, finding their different shapes, scale colors and patterns of flight fascinating; but he had never seen one as beautiful as the one who was walking close to him.

Despite his ill health, the dragon still showed signs of strength, visible in the muscle that ripped right under the black and red scales. His head was about half of Yugi's height, if the horns that started over each eye were not counted in the measurement. The dragon's muzzle came down much like a bird-of-prey's beak, different from the many rounded muzzles that Yugi had seen. In the firelight, the dragon's scales glittered black, turning red as the light fell on them in a certain way. Both the hind legs and the forelegs had four claws, the fourth attached to the back of the hand like a thumb or to the back of the hind foot like a spur. Wings rose from the dragon's shoulders, the membrane pulled tightly around the bones that made up the basic structure, with one claw at the point where the dragon folded them back on the body. The wings too looked black until the light touched them, bringing out the red that shaded the outer edges.

The dragon shot him an odd look, settling down closer to the fire and Yugi as he pulled one of the deer closer to him. Yugi blushed, realizing that he was caught staring again. The dragon huffed, a bit of smoke coming from his nostrils. "Am I really that interesting to you?"

"Yes." At the dragon's jerk of surprise, Yugi found he had to elaborate. "I've never seen one of your kind a alive or not fighting for its life. It's nice to see a dragon just being."

"So, you've seen a lot of dragons slain." There was a warning growl to the dragon's voice.

"None that I wanted to." Yugi glared down at his rabbit, pulling a piece of meat from the carcass and staring at it like it was the cause of all his problems. "I've never wanted to kill things, besides what I need for food. I understand that much, but it doesn't mean that I'm happy with it. But Mahad, he seems to want me to be like that, ready to kill for anything because…" Yugi waved his hand, not really knowing where he was going with the rest of the sentence. He stared into the fire, chuckling harshly, mostly to himself. "I'm a knight of the kingdom, such as it is, and I've never even had to use my sword. And there's part of me that likes it. What kind of knight am I?"

"A good one." The dragon replied around a mouthful of meat, swallowing as his gaze remained up at the stars. "'His blade defends the helpless…'"

Yugi looked up abruptly, recognizing part of the old code of chivalry. The dragon looked at Yugi out of the corner of his eyes, mirth sparkling in the crimson depths of his eyes; probably laughing at the shocked look on Yugi's face. The dragon tipped his head, firelight making the edges of his scales look red. "What? Why shouldn't I know the code of humans? I've been around long enough."

"How old are you?"

The dragon tipped his head to the side, a chuckle rumbling through his chest. "A few hundred years, I guess. I don't really keep count. Age isn't important to me. I'll live for, at least, a few millennia…hopefully."

Yugi tossed the remains of his dinner into the fire and walked over to the dragon, hesitating before resting a hand on his shoulder. The dragon turned his head to look at Yugi before pressing his head into Yugi's side with a sigh. Yugi froze at the sudden warmth on his on his side, looking down at the dragon while his hand moved vaguely over the dragon's side. The prince frowned as he found a patch of disturbed scales, running his fingers over the cracked surface. He stopped as the dragon pushed his head a bit harder into Yugi's side. "Why did you let me do all of that?"

"All of what?" Yugi was staring at the disturbance, running his fingers around the small dip that it created in the scales.

"You let me nearly swallow you…just to prove a point." The dragon gave a shudder, the motion throwing Yugi closer to the dragon's shoulder. Yugi looked up as the dragon pulled a wing over Yugi, pushing his own head into the little shelter that he had created. The prince started at the frightened look in the dragon's eyes. "I could have eaten you, I was about to, and you just sat there."

Yugi leaned against the dragon's shoulder, suddenly reluctant to leave the warmth. He closed his eyes as he thought, hearing the concerned rumble of the dragon, but ignoring it for the time being. There was no reason that he could think of. His whole plan had hinged on the shock it would give Mahad, perhaps enough to scare the knight into stopping his obsession. Yugi was a prince without a kingdom, a knight without a purpose. He honestly thought that that was no real purpose behind his existence now. Mahad talked about rebellion, but Yugi had seen the people, there would be no rebellion while they were beaten down. All their hopes, both Mahad's and Seto's, rested on him. But he couldn't do anything; which was why it wasn't such a big sacrifice to have offered himself like that. But even when the dragon was about to swallow him, Yugi had known that the dragon wouldn't eat him. The prince opened his eyes, meeting worried crimson with a shrug. "I trust you."

The dragon blinked slowly at him, beginning to draw back his head. Yugi reached out, grabbing the dragon's muzzle and giving a gentle tug to encourage the dragon to return to the shelter. He ran his hands over the dragon's head, enjoying the leathery feel of the creature. He rubbed just above one of the red eyes, listening to dragon sigh as the touch relaxed him. Yugi smiled at the purr that he earned with the action. "I believe in you, dragon."

"I have a name." The ferocity of the statement was missing as the dragon leaned into Yugi's touch. The prince laughed, trying unsuccessfully to smother the sound. The dragon gave him a playful bump with his muzzle. "It's not dragon, it's Atem."

"Well, Atem, I'm Yugi."

Atem gave a content hum and pushed his head closer to Yugi. "Then tell me, Yugi, why I shouldn't steal you away to my cave and make you do this everyday."

Yugi gave the dragon a light tap with his other hand, which immediately began rubbing along the top of the dragon's muzzle. Atem wiggled a bit, eyes falling shut with a groan. Yugi giggled at the dragon's reaction. "Wouldn't you prefer a princess to do that sort of thing?"

One eye opened lazily. "A disgusting squealing thing? No," Atem raised his head so that the tip of his muzzle rested on Yugi's shoulder, "I'd rather have you."

Yugi grabbed onto Atem as he swayed, his legs wanting to give out under the stimulus. The dragon didn't seem to notice, chuckling as he pulled away. He raised his wing back into its natural position, turning back to the deer. Yugi remained in place, reaching one hand out for something to steady him. He found himself leaning against the disturbance in the scales, looking at the rough circular shape. Yugi tapped Atem's shoulder, the dragon tipping his head and licking blood off his muzzle. "What's this?"

"Arrow." Atem's voice seemed oddly choked. He swallowed the meat in his mouth, shaking his head. "About four years ago. I got most of it out, except for the head."

"Does it hurt?" Yugi ran a finger around the circle, backing off when Atem shifted his shoulder, the end of the arrowhead glinting dully in the firelight.

"Sometimes, when I'm overusing the muscle, but nothing horrible."

"Do you want it out?" Atem blinked at the question, a rumble in his chest showing his confusion. Yugi reached up to stroke the scales, smiling as Atem leaned into the touch. Silence dropped between them as the dragon took the time to ponder the question. Yugi watched as Atem's claws tapped on the ground. He reached up, placing his whole hand over the messed up scales. "Because I can probably get it."

"Really?" The red eyes were back on him, glittering slightly in the dying firelight. Yugi nodded, his gaze never leaving Atem's as his hand drifted up to that patch, fingers easily finding the edge to the arrow. Silently, Atem shifted his shoulder so that Yugi wouldn't have to stretch up, letting the prince grab onto the arrowhead. Yugi adjusted his grip on the small piece of metal, looking at Atem until the dragon gave a nod. Yugi pulled back, gritting his teeth against the pained grunt of the dragon. He closed his eyes, stumbling back and dropping the arrowhead. Cautiously, Yugi opened his eyes, staring at the dragon's shoulder.

A small amount of blood dripped out off the reopened wound, trailing down Atem's shoulder. Yugi moved closer to the wound, watching in awe as the blood turned from a luminescent red at the start to a dull red, almost black color, as it left the veins. His study of the dragon was interrupted as Atem moved his head, licking the wound to clean up his shoulder. The dragon pulled back, turning his head in contemplation before nodding to himself, looking at Yugi with the motion. "Thank you."

"You're welcome." Yugi smothered a yawn, looking back towards the main group. Mahad had long since gone to sleep, probably sulking over the fact that Yugi had chosen to spend his night with the dragon. Bakura and Ryou were also asleep, tangled in each other and the blankets. Yugi smiled as the poet snuggled closer to the thief, earning a smile from the man as Bakura subconsciously pulled Ryou closer. There was a vacant spot between Mahad and the two, the spot that Yugi usually took when he wasn't staying up sketching the dragon that they had killed that day or forcing himself to practice his sword work so he could fall into an exhausted sleep where his conscious couldn't plague him. At least he was guaranteed a good night's sleep tonight; they had saved the dragon instead of killing it. Maybe this could become a regular occurrence. He should go back over to Mahad and sleep, but he couldn't make himself leave the warm presence of the dragon.

Yugi trudged over to his pack, pulling out the cloak he used as a blanket and wrapped it around himself, shuffling back over to the dragon. He leaned against Atem's side, smiling at the faint gurgling that the dragon's stomach made as it worked on digesting food. The prince reached out and stroked the dragon, giving a sleepy chuckle as Atem's hind leg twitched as Yugi found a ticklish spot. The dragon stopped eating to shoot Yugi an annoyed look, the faint chuckle that he gave dispelling any serious implications. The prince curled up, pulling the cloak more securely around him and let his eyes fall shut. He heard Atem shift, and the smell of smoke as the dragon pushed dirt over the smoldering embers. His eyes opened a fraction as there was a faint vibration from behind him and the sound of a soft trill. He tipped his head so he could see Atem, surprised to see the dragon looking at the stars and humming to himself. He settled back down, listening to the happy hum that came from the dragon. Yugi looked up at the stars, the smile still on his face as he drifted to sleep.

"If you're going to help her, take the passages." Kisara jumped as Seto wrapped his arms around her, whispering in her ear. She turned around, finishing tying her robe up. Seto smiled at her before heading for the door. "I'll meet you in the yard with a horse."

He slipped out, leaving Kisara to walk over to the fireplace and press a stone to the right of the mantle. She stepped to the side as the flagstone shifted to the side, revealing a damp passage. Kisara stepped into the passage, ducking her head as the stone closed, rubbing her arms as darkness descended over her. Kisara carefully made her way down the stairs. She reoriented herself to head for Gozaburo's chambers when she reached the bottom of the steps, resting one hand against the wall as she began to move through the darkness. She could see well enough in the dark, probably better than most humans, but still not as good as her sight had been as a dragon. She could see vague shadows in the pitch dark where human would have seen nothing. Kisara winced as her palm was scraped against a sharp stone, pulling it back from the wall with a hiss. She smothered the sound as she realized where she was, a faint smile crossing her face.

Kisara peered at the wall for a moment before she pressed on a certain stone, stepping onto the staircase that led into the next room. She ran up the stairs, carefully poking her head out of the gap to look around the room. To her relief, Gozaburo was fast asleep, a blanket thrown haphazardly over him. She clambered further out of the gap, hands tightening into fists as she saw the girl from before.

The brunette had curled herself into one corner of the room, holding the tattered remains of her clothes to her body as she rocked back and forth. Her face had tear tracks through the dirt, although her tears had long since dried. Kisara could see red marks and bruises, probably from where she had struggled, all over her skin. Kisara shook her head and crept across the room, sending an angry glare and Gozaburo before kneeling down by the girl's side, one hand hesitating in the air.

The girl seemed to notice her presence then, darting away and gasping when her back came in contact with the wall. Kisara immediately lowered her hand, a wavering smile on her face. It seemed like enough to convince the girl because she crawled back over, her hands dropping from the strips of cloth to cling to Kisara's shoulders. "Help me, please!"

"Can you walk?" Kisara stood up, offering a hand to the girl. The girl nodded and stood up, whimpering before she leaned into Kisara. The two of them made their way back down into the passages, the girl giving soft whimpers as she forced her sore body to move. Kisara kept herself silent, waiting until they were standing at the bottom of the stairs in the passage and watching the flagstone roll back before she spoke. "I'm going to help you get out of here. But once you're out of the castle, you're on your own. I have to stay here and help Seto."

"What does Seto care?" The girl was shivering in the cold, shuffling along beside Kisara as she guided her down through the darkness. "He's going to be king eventually. What promises does he whisper to you at night? What makes you think that he'll keep them?"

Kisara wanted to protest, say that Seto was different from what they saw in public. But it would be a useless exercise. The girl was already set against the royal family and no amount of convincing would urge her to change her mind. Even if it did hurt to listen to someone openly abuse Seto for the protections he had set up around himself. Kisara shook her head and shifted her hold on the girl, supporting more of her weight to allow the girl to rest before she was forced to ride. "Let's just say that Seto doesn't see eye to eye with his father. Isn't that enough?"

The girl shook her head. "We need someone who will care about us. We are starving out there, surviving on dragon's meat. Just today they dragged in a one that some knight had killed."

Kisara paled at the statement, not listening as the girl continued on with her rant. She knew that the food shortage had been bad, but she had never thought that people would resort to doing that. Kisara swallowed quickly, fighting the urge to throw up. She just couldn't imagine anyone being able to do that. But, these people didn't care about dragons. It was evident enough in the way they talked about them. She felt her stomach rebel against the thought, the nausea disappearing as worry clawed at her. She lived in the eternal fear that she would look out and see Atem's carcass being dragged into the village to be consumed. She frantically searched for something to take her mind away from the idea, frowning as the nausea returned. "What about the true king?"

"The son of the witch?" Kisara looked away quickly in an attempt not to hit the girl. She had seen enough of Yugi to form her own opinion of the young teen before she had begun to talk to Seto. Even then, it had nothing but raise her opinion of the boy. And hearing those less informed just discount him like that angered her. Kisara's silence must have answered for the girl, because she nodded. "I remember seeing him once when Gozaburo blinded Joey's sister. I think he'd be alright, he looks nice."

Kisara pushed the door out of the passage out, leading the girl through the shadows until they reached the stables. She nodded at Seto, smiling as he silently held out the reins to the horse. The girl hesitated before taking them, scrambling up onto the horse and wincing as she did so. Seto kept his hand on the horse's shoulder as he looked up at her, speaking in an urgent whisper. "Go back to your village and don't show your face for a while. My father should forget about you soon."

He stepped away and walked back to the castle, leaving Kisara to smile and pat the girl's knee and lead the horse to the gates. The girl stared at the reins that she held in her hands for a long while before she looked up at Kisara. "Thank you for this. But what do I do now?"

"Find something." Kisara shrugged, backing away. The girl looked away before kicking the horse forward, wincing at the movement. Kisara flinched in sympathy, knowing that the girl must be in pain from what Gozaburo had done to her. She waited until the girl was out of the gates before she turned and walked back to Seto, not surprised to see him waiting in the shadows. He reached out a hand for her, guiding her to the entrance that would bring them out closest to their room. Unfortunately, it took them close to the dragon.

Kisara stepped close to Seto as they passed the black bulk. The dragon stirred, raising his head and slowly opening empty brown eyes to look at the two. He took breath of air, eyes widening for a moment before he gave a low growl. Kisara found herself shoved behind Seto as the brunette glared at the dragon, backing them toward the castle. To her surprise the dragon gave a dry chuckle, keeping his brown eyes on Kisara. "You keep a careful watch on your mate, human. You wouldn't want your father to get his hands on the child you've sired."

Seto forced Kisara inside, quickly grabbing onto her hand and pulling her back to his chambers. Kisara let him do so, her mind still reeling with the shock. It couldn't be right. But she had never thought that any of this could actually happen. She had just kept going, not thinking about the consequences.

None of which bothered her. All that she held dear was here with Seto. Her family had long left for other parts of the world; places where they wouldn't be hunted down. And Atem was somewhere out there, stuck living the life of a prey animal as he was forced to hide. Because he wouldn't leave his father or her on their own as long as he breathed. So that left her with Seto, the one who had managed to capture her heart.

She sat down on the edge of the bed, still staring off into the distance with a faint smile on her face, not really watching as Seto paced the floor in front of her. He suddenly sunk to his knees on the floor, holding her hands as he looked up at her. "It is true?"

"I don't know. But we can trust that dragon, I promise." Seto was up again with her words, pacing again. Kisara shifted, lying back and staring up at the ceiling. She turned her head, frowning slightly as she watched her lover pace. "It's not that bad, Seto."

"It will be, once my father finds out. He'll use it as an excuse to get rid of you both." Seto sighed at finally sat on the edge of the bed, looking up at her seriously. "He will, Kisara, and we both know that. Perhaps it would be best if you…"

Kisara sat up, staring up at Seto as she figured out the words that he couldn't bring himself to say. The inability to vocalize them said enough for her. She reached out and tugged on his hand, urging him up lay by her side, settling back down by his side and looking at him. She traced a finger down his face, looking at his side as his hand twitched, obvious eager to hold her, but he restrained himself; already getting ready to send her away. She leaned in to kiss his forehead, resting her own against his as she stared into his blue eyes. "We both know that you could do that. You would spend every day with me, which isn't the point."

He sighed, looking away. "I could do it, just to keep you safe."

"Seto…"

"I don't want to lose anything else." Kisara almost missed the whispered words, only catching them because Seto's eyes flicked back to meet hers for a moment before looking back at the wall. She sighed, wrapping her arms around him, just holding him as he continued his whispered confession. "Everyone…even Yugi is gone…and I…"

"You just sometimes just don't know what to do." Kisara finished his sentence, stroking his back slowly, feeling him relax. They didn't need to say anything else. There would be no more talk of sending her away because it would hurt them both too much. It was Seto's way of saying that he loved her too much to let her go and it was a comfort at the same time. It meant that she had found a way past the icy mask that he put up.

She snuggled into him with a long sigh, hearing him imitate her before he settled into sleep. Kisara gave him another kiss before following him into sleep.

Tèa slowed the horse down to a walk as soon as she could, not able to sit through the jarring ride. She raised a hand to wipe away the new tears that had come with the ride out before shaking her head, one hand clenching on the reins. She had more important things to do than cry.

She looked up and turned her horse so it wouldn't head for her village. She didn't want to return before she had accomplished something. Then she could show that she was better than this. It was the one thing that she had to prove; that she was more than the whore that the king had made her. She whimpered, shaking her head at the thought. She bit her lip to keep from crying. It wouldn't help. What she needed was a plan, a sure plan. A plan to avenge her father's death and her own rape. Tèa took a deep breath to calm herself.

First and foremost, Gozaburo had to die. Luckily, it seemed that Seto and his lover seemed willing to help. She knew that, assuming that nothing went wrong, her friends would help; maybe even the whole village. But only if the odds were in their favor. But a rebellion wouldn't work again, at least without a figurehead. And the people would not back Seto; they wanted someone who was closer to them.

She nearly pulled her horse up as the thought struck her, almost disregarding it immediately. It didn't matter, she was already spoiled. And, better yet, it would end this cycle. If there was a child of the true king, one with common blood, then the people would rally behind it. Yugi, as they saw him, was too weak and too much like his mother; but still the better choice. Perhaps the addition of good blood would get rid of the taint of the witch. And there was the sympathy to be gained from a murdered love…

Tèa drummed her fingers against the saddle as she thought, ignoring the shivers that ran down her body. It would humanize the son of the witch further, if he was seen with a commoner, showing his concern for the people. And then, they would love him and any offspring even more if they found him ruthlessly slaughtered. Then they would fight for his progeny. And they could get a king that cared for them.

She turned her horse, urging it toward the neighboring village to her own. They would probably know where Yugi was and know her little enough to not hear of her earlier plan. There she could rest and then talk to her friends. Tèa nodded to herself, blue eyes resolute. This plan would work better than her last, she was sure of it.

Bakura divided his attention between watching Yugi and Mahad spar and attempting to read Ryou's scribbles. The thief scoffed, only seeing lines and loops, a word appearing every now and then, but none of it making sense. He squinted against the glare of the sun, turning his head to watch the thing he could comprehend. He jumped as Ryou sighed and leaned back onto him, shooting an annoyed glance up at Bakura. When the thief finally condescended to make a questioning noise, Ryou rolled his eyes dramatically. "The muse isn't speaking to me."

"How dare she."

His sarcastic remark earning him a slap from the poet. "I'm serious, Bakura!"

"Just write about those two practicing or make something up!"

"But, 'Kura," the thief winced at the pet name, "I want something exciting, something that will capture the hearts and minds. Something that will be remembered forever."

"This is about as memorable as you can get." Bakura ignored Ryou's pout as he leaned back on the rock they were seated on, enjoying the warmth. Between the river and where they sat were Yugi and Mahad, the prince easily keeping up with the drill. Behind them, standing in the center of the river, was the dragon, watching the whole proceedings with interest. Bakura couldn't think of any stories that he had ever heard of that ended up like this; a knight who went out to kill a dragon and wound up befriending it. Not even the stories of the dragon obsessed clans of the south had ever come to this conclusion.

Ryou sat up and went back to his scribbling, his writing even less legible than before. Bakura gave up trying to read it and focused instead on the two knights as they stopped and backed off. The dragon splashed closer to shore, lowering his head to talk to Yugi. The prince eagerly turned to converse with the creature, one hand leaving the hilt of his sword to rest on the dragon's muzzle.

Bakura narrowed his eyes as he watched the two interact, suddenly suspicious. He was about to move from his rock when Mahad brought up his sword, lunging forward. The dragon's eyes flicked to the attacking knight, something like fear flashing through them as he backed up. Yugi spun around, panic evident in his features as he saw the knight. The prince brought his blade up to guard, bracing himself against the lunge. The two knights came to a halt, Mahad visibly straining as the tried to push Yugi back. Surprisingly, the prince held his ground, gritting his teeth before shoving Mahad back and beginning his counterattack.

Bakura watched the swordplay, ignoring Ryou's exclamation of excitement. As a thief, he was used to carefully watching people, often spending what little free time he head simply watching people as they went about their business. Even though he had only known Yugi for a short time, he was able to see that this was not typical behavior. The prince's counterattacks were never this fierce; they usually had to be coaxed out of him as the prince tended more towards defense than offense. But now they were forcing Mahad to back away as the knight had to work to keep himself from getting cut.

The thief snorted as Mahad laughed and stepped away, obviously calling an end to the practice. Bakura watched Yugi advance one more step, sword ready to run through his opponent when he realized what was going on. Yugi gave a sheepish smile and dropped his sword point, looking back at the dragon who was giving off a low growl. Mahad didn't seem to notice the dragon or Yugi's behavior, rolling one shoulder and shouting, "Better, Yugi!"

The knight turned away, still laughing as he walked back to their packs. Bakura ignored the man for the moment, instead focusing on the prince. The thief slid from his perch on the rock, thinking over the emotions that had flashed across Yugi's face. There had been panic and then anger, the first real anger that Bakura had seen from the prince. It wasn't difficult to figure out why; Yugi had thought that the knight was going to try and kill the dragon again, so he had defended the creature.

He reached them as the dragon had rested his head on the bank so Yugi could wrap his arms around it, gently stroking a spot above the dragon's eye. Bakura was shocked to hear a sound like a purr coming from the dragon, not quite sure to make of the sound. His eye widened as he heard Yugi whispering to the creature and the dragon responding in his own low mutter. The thief stopped when the dragon's eyes flicked up to him, the motion making Yugi turn around.

Bakura crossed his arms, the dragon taking the hint and splashing away before ducking under the water. Yugi waited until the dragon had resurfaced before turning around, sliding his sword back into its sheath. He waited for Bakura to talk, becoming more agitated as the thief simply remained silent. Finally the prince snapped. "What?"

"I'd be careful if I were you."

"Be careful of what?" Yugi groaned as Bakura ambled over to another rock, leaning back against it to get out of the direct sunlight. The prince followed him into the shade, resting one shoulder against the rock. Bakura noticed that he oriented himself so that he could see the dragon at all times.

"You and the dragon-"

"Atem." Bakura jerked out of his slouched position, eyes wide at the interruption. Yugi was never like this. The prince blushed as he realized what he had done, ducking his head. "His name is Atem."

"By the gods! Yugi, don't do this to yourself."

"Don't do what?"

Bakura glared at the prince, waiting for him to stop playing stupid. His own russet eyes widened when he realized that Yugi had no idea what he was talking about. The thief sighed and relaxed, keeping his voice low so that Mahad couldn't hear him. It didn't matter if the dragon heard him or not, because Yugi would just tell all of this to the dragon anyway. "You're getting too close to the dragon. Just remember that its not human."

"Atem is a he, not an 'it'. And it's not like that. We understand each other."

"I'm sure you do. But that doesn't make it right. He's just a creature, probably plotting to kill us right now. He can never be human."

Yugi's hand twitched toward the hilt of his sword, his purple eyes widening in surprise at his own motion. He crossed his arms, digging his fingers into his arms to keep them from moving. Bakura following the motion with a knowing nod. "Yugi, do you know what you are doing?"

"Saving the few dragons that I can! They're not as bad as everyone thinks they are."

"No they're not, but that doesn't make them human. It…he doesn't think like us."

"The closest it gets to that is fascination. We both fascinate each other. Nothing more."

Bakura raised an eyebrow, tapping his foot as he turned to look at the dragon, noticing that he had turned his head to look at them. There was no doubt that the dragon could hear and understand what was being said, he was an intelligent creature. But, in the end, the dragon was a creature, not the romanticized notion that Yugi had in his mind. Bakura turned back to the prince, retort ready when Yugi beat him to it. "Shouldn't you be worrying about Ryou? Others see that as more unnatural than my friendship," the word was stressed, "with Atem."

"I don't care what people think. It's their own loss."

"Yes, but I'm sure Ryou does." Bakura forced himself not to look over at his lover, instead clenching one hand into a fist. "And what makes you think that you can just keep him all to yourself? Or that he will even stay with you when he gets bored?" Yugi pushed away from the rock, walking back to the bank. "Worry about yourself first, thief."

Bakura didn't watch the prince go, rolling his eyes and letting out his breath in a huff. As much as he hated to admit it, Yugi had a point. And it was something that he refused to think of. There were times for living in the moment and times for thinking ahead; this situation was one of the former. Mostly because he still had no idea why he had been drawn to Ryou.

It had started out as another job, cut the purse away as the poet strolled around, lost in thought. Then, when Ryou had given chase, it had been about getting away as fast as he could. Until he had pined Ryou against that wall. He could have killed Ryou but, instead, he found himself wondering why he couldn't kiss the poet. And it had spiraled out of his control after that kiss, to the point where he spent his nights staring up at the sky wondering how he would get out of this mess. If he could get out of this mess because, as messes went, this was a nice one.

But it was so out of his normal course of action. He wasn't one to dive in without thinking and ignoring the consequences. Bakura rubbed a hand over his eyes before walking back over to Ryou. He was just going to continue to ignore everything and live in the moment. There was no group of people that he hoped to impress or even tried to change himself to suit their opinions. He could just continue on like this and ignore the rest of the world. There was still the voice in his head that said he was in for heartbreak later, but Bakura could ignore it. His conscious had been crushed long ago; the little voice would soon follow.

He sat back down on the rock with Ryou, surprised when the poet looked up at him with worry. Whenever Ryou got into one of his writing moods, he tended to ignore the rest of the world, something that Bakura was not happy with, but he considered it a tradeoff for the days when he snapped at the world. The thief just gave a shrug before slipping back into his place. Ryou smiled at the chance to lean back up Bakura again and give him a kiss on the underside of his jaw. The two of them settled back down, Ryou reaching for his papers and beginning to scribble again, Bakura closing his eyes and just listening to the sound.

He was content with is life for the first time in a long while, and he was willing to do anything to keep it like this. But he would be able to let this go, he promised himself that. He would be able to move on after Ryou.

Read and review please. Criticism is always appreciated.