ANGELA'S DISCIPLINE

BY LESLIE MORGAN

Mrs. Miller is a piano teacher who mostly teaches children in the
neighborhood. Her thirteen year old daughter Angela was expected
to do the laundry every Sunday. When Mrs. Miller asked Angela if
the laundy was done, Angela who went to a movie instead of doing
the laundry lied and said it as. Angela knew her mother was on a
boatride with her two younger daughters and would not know Angela
violated her weekend grounding for violating Friday night curfew.
One of Mrs. Miller's students was Debra who was eleven. Debra and
Mrs. Miller had a trade-off where they bartered baby sitting in
exchange for piano lessons. Debra's mother on the way to work
stopped off while driving Debra to Mrs. Miller's. After
exchanging pleasantries and discussing how well Debra was
progressing, Debra's mother asked Mrs. Miller how Angela liked
the Sunday afternoon movie. Mrs. Miller pointed out that she must
be mistaken because Angela was grounded and did the laundry on
Sunday afternoon. After Debra's mother left for work, Mrs. Miller
checked the laundry and realized it wasn't even started.
Angela was taking a bath at the time. Mrs Miller dragged Angela
out of the tub soaking wet and naked determined to give her a
grounding she would not forget. Angela was begging not to be
switched, paddled and strapped like the time a year before when
she lied about where she was going on several Saturdays. Even
worse, Angela was worried that her mother would follow through
with her threat to send her to a tough love religious school. The
month before while visiting her cousin, a grandma strap whipping
was being given to a thirteen year old girl. Four different girls
were holding the girl down while she was given a hundred licks
from her shoulders to her knees. After about seventy licks the
suffering girl became to worn out to cry out but the strapping
continued until all the licks were administered. Angela's cousin
told her that the girl being whipped would have to spend the next
two weeks washing out dirty pots while standing on the top of a
pot while wearing four inch high heels. Mis-behavior was not
tolerated there and everyone there was strapped to some degree
twice every week. Another girl was wrapped up in a blanket bound
with duct tape from neck to ankles. This was usually done for
twelve hours.

Mrs Miller taped Angela's hands behind her back with duct tape.
Mrs. Miller then took Angela into the basement recreation room,
where her students would wait for their lessons and stay
afterwards until they were picked up to go home. She hung a
spring on an overhead pipe and attached a rope to the spring at
the other end and made several knots at the lower end of the
rope. The knotted end just barely cleared Angela's head but the
spring had enough play to easily be pulled down to Angela's
mouth. Mrs Miller pulled down the knotted end and stuck it in
Angela's mouth. If she opened her teeth then the rope would be
pulled above her head by the spring. Mrs. Miller turned to Debra
who was watching the younger daughters with instructions to tell
her if Angela lets go of the rope. Mrs Miller told Debra that
Angela would get a lick of a switch, the strap, and a smack of
the paddle every time she let go of the rope with her teeth. In
addition she would get the same number at the end of the day.
Then Mrs Miller told her that since she would be babysitting
Angela in addition to the to younger girls that she wanted Debra
to do every five minutes what she was going to show her.
Mrs.Miller then pulled Angela's arms back by the wrists giving
Angela a resounding sharp smack on her bottom. Mrs Miller then
tore off a piece of duck tape placing it over Angela's eyes. Five
minutes later Debra walked over to Angela pulling her arms back
by the wrists, said get ready, raised her hand taking a full
swing bringing it down almost as hard as Mrs. Miller did. At 9:50
the Delaney sisters arrived and on entering the recreation room
the Thirteen year old one walked up to Angela and asked Angela
what is going on. Debra said one minute and I will tell you.
Debra then pulled Angela's arms out of the way asking the older
Delaney sister to hold them and Debra gave Angela another
resounding smack on her reddening behind. Debra then told the
Delaney sisters that Angela was being punished and could not talk
because she had to keep hold of the rope. Angela can tell you at
school after spring vacation if she figured out why she is being
punished. The older Delaney sister told Debra that Angela's
mother was calling some school about enrolling Angela if she
didn't shape up. At 9:55 Debra went over to Angela lifting her
arms back and the older Delaney sister said wait a minute.
Angela, your bottom looks awfly sore, do you want another smack
now. Angela Shook her head no. Then the Delaney sister said then
tell me you don't in clear English. How rude refusing to answer.
I think I should smack you for that. She gave her six hard smacks
in rapid succession causing Angela to do a dance in place then
commenting her mother would think it is only a fraction of what
she should receive for such rudeness. I really don't know why you
are so desperately holding on to the rope. At ten o'clock Mrs
Miller called the older Delaney sister up for her piano lesson.
She reached up tickling Angela under her arms causing her to
leave go of the rope with her teeth. Debra said it is ok, time
for a bathroom break and some fruit juice. As Debra was leading a
sobbing Angela through the living room, Mrs. Miller asked if
Angela needed to be disciplined for letting go of the rope. Debra
explained what the older Delaney sister did to Angela and Mrs.
Miller said under the circumstances we can let the slip go with
another half dozen smacks after her lesson and another half dozen
after her sisters lesson. Angela continued to sob. Debra sat
Angela on the toilet seat and waited a few minutes while Angela
calmed down, emptied her bladder and had a bowel movement. After
wiping her vulva and bottom, as she was taking Angela into the
kitchen for juice, Mrs Miller instructed Debra to make certain
that Angela's bottom remained as red as it was then. The older
Delaney sister said she would be glad to assist went over to
angela and lifted Angela's arms out of the way giving her two
resounding smacks asking Mrs. Miller if that was hard enough for
later. Mrs. Miller said out of consideration for her help with
Angela that she would extend her piano lesson by fifteen minutes
without charge and give her another hour without charge if she
would babysit Angela and the two younge daughters while Debra had
her lesson. The older Delaney sister agreed. By the way, did you
have any luck with that school you were calling. Mrs Miller
responded that it was a year round school and since a family
member already attends there would be no charge. I am considering
it but it seems a little rough for a required minimal stay of two
years. Hopefully after today, Angela may try more to act like her
name. Debra then took Angela into the kitchen pouring her a large
glass of fruit juice placing a straw in the glass. When Angela
said she didn't want it, Debra suggested she either start
drinking it or it was back down stairs right away and back to the
smacks and holding the rope. Debra told Angela she could take ten
minutes to drink it giving her a short rest. At twenty after ten
Debra had Angela holding the rope in her teeth telling her that
she really thought she was punished enough but her mother
insisted that she continue holding the rope for the rest of the
day with her teeth with which she lied and that her bottom be
kept hot to the touch. The younger eleven year old came over to
where Angela was and said she would take over the smacking of
Angela so Debra could spend more time with the younger daughters.
Every five minutes the younger Delaney sister would smack Angelas
bottom and in between smacks would constantly lightly scrape her
long nails over Angelas reddened behind. The younger Delaney
sister found a heating pad, set it for high heat, took off the
cloth cover, and at 10;10, pressed it against Angela's hot
bottom. Angela jumped away but contined to hold the rope in her
teeth letting out a loud enough wail to attrack Debra's
attention. Debra took away the heating pad telling the younger
Delaney sister that the only punishment she was to give was only
one smack to the bottom every five minutes. Debra told Angela to
answer the following questions by shaking her head yes or no. Are
you getting any other punishment while I was with your younger
sisters. Angela shook her head no. The younger Delaney sister
then said I was scratching her bottom like this for the last
forty-five minutes. Angela was flinching in pain as she was being
scraped by the finger nails. Debra asked Angela if she was afraid
to say she was being additionally punished. Angela weakly shook
her head yes. Debra told the younger Delaney sister that she
really didn't need to add any punishments because there was still
a long time till the day was over and that her older sister
really had an in for Angela and while Debra was getting her piano
lesson, her older sister would really put Angela Through the
ringer. The younger Delaney sister said just about all the
children she babysits are terrified of her because she always
finds an excuse to take a hairbrush to them and will only babysit
those she is allowed to spank. It is amazing what people let her
get away with because she will sit the entire day and night for a
flat fee of three dollars. She bare bottom spanks with her hand
every child she babysits in front of the parents before they
leave. Feels nothing like a hot behind to turn them into perfect
angels. Any time they mis-behave, their parents threaten to have
her babysit She really likes to smack bottoms and this is the
first time she is able to give it to someone as old as Angela.

At 12:30 thirteen year old Brittany Delaney came down to the
recreation room carrying a switch, a wood paddle, and a strap.
Mrs. Miller wants to give you your piano lesson Debbie. My sister
Courtney and I will watch ten year old Carla and the baby.
Angela's mother instructed me to discipline Angela for the next
hour however I see fit. Has she kept hold of the rope with her
teeth. Debbie answered in the afirmative and suggested that
Angela had already undergone quite a bit of discipline suggesting
that Brittainy go easy on her. At this time Brittainy snapped the
belt and swung the switch a few times making a whistling sound
with it.
Brittainy went over to Angela telling her that if she didn't want
anything other than smacks with the hand on her bottom and
thighs, she better continue to hold on to the knotted rope with
her teeth. O.K. Angela, time for another smack, ready or not.
This time Brittany delivered a smack to each one of Angela's
upper thighs. Brittainy asked Angela's ten year old sister Carla
if she wanted to go out and play with Courtney. Carla responded
that I am suppose to do a report for school on a most memorable
day in a sibling's life and that is why I have been hanging
around down here all morning doing this. Brittainy smiled at
Carla telling her in that case it was all right.
Brittainy then started tickling Angela under her arms causing her
to leave go of the knotted rope. That means a smack with the
paddle, and a lick with the switch and the belt. Brittainy placed
the rope back in Angela's mouth telling her that she would wait
until the end of the hour to give Angela what she had coming
then. At twelve- forty, Brittainy asked Carla if she wanted to
smack Angela on her bottom a couple of times. Carla who was
constantly ridiculed by Angela picked up the switch with a smile
giving Angela a moderate force cut across her right bottomcheek
followed by one to the left bottomcheek commenting this will help
make the day more memorable for Angela and the reasons my mother
wants her to remember this day is because of her defiant attitude
and a very real concern with her lack of effort in her
schoolwork. After Angela stopped jumping around, Carla tickled
Angela in her stomache causing her to leave go of the rope a
second time. Brittainy placed the rope back in Angela's mouth
saying that makes two. By the end of the hour, Angela let go of
the rope a total of eight times. Angela's mother then called down
that the pizza arrived for lunch. Btittainy then inserted her
right middle finger into Angela's bottom to the knuckle grabbing
her hair with the other hand leading her into the kitchen while
pressing up against her bottom while pulling back on her hair.
Mrs. miller asked Brittainy if Angela was behaving as ordered.
Brittainy answered that she let go of the rope eight times but
that was because she was being tickled under the arms and on the
stomache. As a result I felt I should wait to see how you felt we
should handle it under the circumstances. Brittainy took her
finger out of Angela's bottom and let go of her hair figuring
that whatever was decided that pizza was more important at the
time. As Debra was feeding Angela a slice of pizza and a tall
glass of juice, Mrs Miller told Angela that she would not be
paddled or switched for her lapses in discipline but to make sure
she would not violate her grounding, that she would receive the
eight licks with the belt that were past due plus the additional
licks now instead of at the end of the day and she would remain
in the living room for the rest of the day.
After going into the living room, Mrs. Miller held Angela's foot
out telling Brittainy to grab it and hold on to it. A few seconds
later after the belt was brought down on Angela's foot, she did a
wild dance laying on the floor kicking and squirming and crying
out at the top of her lungs. That was one. Fifteen to go. That
will make for certain that you aren't going to walk away from
your grounding. Carla offered to gag Angela to keep her quiet but
instead decided to cross Angela's feet bent at a 90 degree angle
at the knees pulling the left foot to the right knee and the
right foot to the left knee and then wrapping duct tape arond the
bent lower legs from knee and ankle to knee and ankle. This
resulted in Angela's upper legs being uncomfortably spread apart
making it imposible for Angela to extend her feet below knee
level. Carla then grabbed Angela by the middle of her lower legs
lifting up and pointing out that Angela would not be able to pull
her legs away when strapped on her feet or behind and thighs. Mrs
Miller figuring that angela was securely tied hand and foot and
blindfolded didn't need any more strapping but felt a continued
well warmed bottom would be sufficient to discipline her oldest
daughter. After lunch, Mrs Miller sent Debra back down stairs to
watch the baby and Courtney Delaney went with her leaving
angela's ten year old sister Carla and Brittainy in the living
room near the piano with instructions to have twelve year old
Michael to practice his playing if he wished until she returned
to give him his lesson.
Brittainy sitting on the couch decided to place Angela over her
lap making it very easy for her to hold her down by the waist
with minimal effort while having very easy access to her widely
spread bottom. Brittainy smacked Angela with light to moderate
force repeatedly but not brutally on her bottom for about twenty
minutes when Michael arrived. Carla answered the door telling
Michael to practice his playing if he wanted but it would be at
least an hour until her mother would be back for his lesson. When
he saw Angela laying over Brittainy's lap being spanked with a
very red bottom he asked if Angela was receiving a lesson to a
different tune. Looks like your really getting her good but the
way she refers to you as an plump pizza face, and tells everyone
that the only culture you will ever know is the overly abundant
supply of pimples on your face, she's lucky you aren't welting
her with a swith and strap. Michael said high to a sobbing Angela
telling her that he was glad Brittainy was going easy on her
causing little more than redness and a few light switch marks
because she had a delightful behind. He firmly grabbed her right
bottomcheek giving it a continuos squeeze while pulling it
towards him and commenting how hot it was as if Angela needed any
telling.

Brittainy asked Michael to sit on the couch and placed Angela in
his lap her face to his face telling him to hold her tightly
under the arms keeping her upright. A minute later Brittainy
returned with a bath towel and cautioned Michael to hold Angela
as tight as he could which resulted in her arms being pulled back
leaving a clear shot at her bottom. Brittainy then snapped the
towel between Angela's bottomcheeks causing the exausted girl to
yelp wail and squirm. That's for pizza face. Then another snap in
the center of her right cheek. That's for plump. A third in the
center of her left cheek. That's to teach you culture. Keep
holding her. Then a snap where her right bottomcheek meets the
thigh followed by one on the left. Thats for everyone who you
insulted me to. Over Angela's crying and begging, Brittany
threatened to give Angela a towel snap for every person in her
class. Deciding Angela had enough towel snaps, and was becoming
hysterical, she slowly peeled the duct tape off of her eyes. A
minute or two later when she opened her eyes, The first thing she
noticed was her ten year old sister Carla holding a camcorder in
her face. Angela half pleadingly and half praying asked Carla if
she was filming all morning to which Carla said it's for school,
let's see how it came out. Carla said look at this part on how
she lurches forward when Brittainy was smacking her bottom with
the head reaching up on the rope. Then forwarding ahead showed
how Brittainy stuck her finger in Angela's bottom and was pusing
her by her hole up onto her toes while making her walk and
pulling her head back by the hair. And look how she was wildly
thrashing about when her foot was strapped. She looked like she
was having a seizure. I'll bet that really hurt. It was my idea
to fold her legs over one another and tape them. And look how she
almost jumped out of your arms again and again when Britainy was
snapping her with the towel on her bottom. Carla pulled back on
Angela's hands where they were taped together then placed her
knee on the small of Angela's back smacking her fifty or sixty
times on her very sore behind telling Angela that having the tape
of her punishment day would do her a world of good helping her to
behave in the future. Carla told Angela that she would be given
her a copy that she should watch everyday and everybody in her
school would accept an apology for her insulting remarks after
seeing that she was properly disciplined for her behavior. Carla
asked Brittainy if she thought it was a good way to tie Angela's
legs to which Brittainy said as much as I like her this way, I'm
sure I will like it more by the time this day is over, The phone
rang and even though there was an answering machine, Brittainy
decided to answer the phone personally. I think we should leave
Angela rest for a while because based on what your mother told
me, I really kind of feel pity and compassion for her. At this
point Brittainy told Angela I wish you well and no longer have
feelings of anger towards you. I won"t hit you anymore. And don't
worry about the tape your sister made, I'll talk to her about
erasing it. Brittainy spoke to Carla for a few seconds and Carla
wrapped her arms around her sister telling her I love you and
will come with you tonight and do everything I can to help you.
Brittainy and Michael assured Angela that they wouldn"t mention
to anyone what happened to her that day and that her mother
wanted them to be a lot more severe to her this day. I am pretty
sure by the way your mother sounded that she isn't angry with you
anymore and that she was crying over what seemed needed to be
done this evening. Brittainy told Angela that even though it was
meant for her own good, that she still wasn't williing to take a
strap, a paddle ,and a switch to her. Brittainy went to the
medicine cabinet where she found some strong prescription pain
killers having Angela swallow a double dose. She then gave her a
kiss on the cheek and covered her with a blanket telling her that
she would change her plans for the evening and stay with her to
help her make a decision about her future. Brittainy told Angela
that she would like to untie her but she was very firmly warned
not to under anything short of an emergency. Carla found some
anestitizing ointment and uncovered Angela rubbing it over and
into anywhere she was red and sore. Carla then went across the
street to get a Depends for Angela putting it on her and telling
her how sorry she was and to remeber that even though she didn't
realize it until then that she was sure she loved her. Carla gave
her another hug and a kiss on her cheek and covered her with a
blanket again telling her she hoped she could get some rest and
to remember that she is loved by her and her mother and a very
special person. 
