Back to Exhibitionism
byfloweringbella©

I had wondered how I was going to survive another class. How could I possibly sit through another 8 hour class 4 hours away from home, hornier than I can remember being in a long time? I thought I would lose my mind. 

I had left for my trip extraordinarily hungry...not the type of hunger any amount of food was going to satisfy. (Well, maybe a cucumber but only temporarily.) I remember early in my college years, I had a desire for men to see me, and parts of me that they shouldn't be seeing. My pussy warms instantly just thinking of the excitement of riding in the very backseat of a van on spring break! I always wore shorts that were adequate while standing or sitting but loose enough that given the opportunity to lye down I could fully expose this perfectly groomed juicy pussy, and put on a mini peep show. Slowly sliding my finger up and down the tight slippery slit, then opening to reveal my clit. Or sometimes I would go all out and just jam two or three fingers up there and fuck myself crazily. I would open my lips wide, showing off the perfect pink flower and think of how hard this beautiful pussy was making their cocks and how they were going to have to pull off at the next stop to jack off thinking about it. My favorite daydream was to envision myself square on their steering wheel -- only I was the one doing the driving -- driving their faces deeper into my engorged pussy instructing them to lick it just the way I like it. Truckers were my favorite (still are) -- but the thrill was giving someone such a shock while no one in the vehicle I was in suspected a thing. Wow! I have juiced threw my tiny little shorts just thinking about it! 

Driving those first four hours with thoughts of my past experiences of thrilling truckers and other unsuspecting people all over the nation got me hotter than ever. I had to play with myself constantly and pull over a couple of times when it became to hard to masturbate and drive -- a standard no less. I had thoughts of fucking the gear shift and would have if I had had a condom handy. It's on my list of things to do (literally)! That is one thing I want to get on camera though. Watching me cum heightens my excitement and makes me cum twice as hard. What could be better than fucking yourself while watching yourself get off?

I had to take an insurance licensing refresher course that was absolutely killing me to sit through so I decided I would play with other people in the class to pass the time. They wouldn't have to know a thing about it! First of all the teacher looked just like Richard Dreyfus which delighted me a great deal. I probably got off at least a hundred times watching him give a ride to the maid in the movie Down and Out in Beverly Hills. I probably wore out the VHS tape rewinding that part and playing it over and over. I made up various fantasies about him and other people in the class -- one of the girls had perfect tits, natural tits -- man were they beautiful! She was the most perfect shade of brown I had ever seen. Thank god we got a break every hour -- I must've gotten off ten times that day in my car on breaks. 

I sat in the very back to the right, only one person further back than me. There were nine people in class including the teacher, There were two heavy set women up front next to a quiet little college girl. Followed by three men in the second row the smoker, the gay guy and the quiet tall guy. Next to me was perfect tits and there was a larger man that sat behind me to the left. I think he appreciated my choice of underwear that day. I had a tiny little silver heart dangling on the thong riding high on my ass barely covered by my jeans. He couldn't keep his eyes off my ass so I gave him a little show. I slowly moved my hips as though I was slowly riding a cock, rubbing my throbbing clit on the seam of my jeans against my chair. This was slow-mo at its best and it was making me swell with pleasure. I imagined that the guy in front of me had maneuvered a way to join in by sliding his hand under the table to help me a little. He was smacking my clit and grabbing it hard through my jeans. I thought I was going to scream with delight right there on the spot! I found myself wanting to encourage him to sit next to me later so he could actually rub me -- or better yet -- so that he could lick this aching pussy on break. I was on the verge of climax when I turned around and saw the guy's cock tented in his pants. I had to slow it down to keep from riling with an orgasm. I was ready to explode. Smiling coyly, saturated and throbbing I managed to compose myself, walked directly to the car and didn't have to work very much at all to get off. I swear I just had to get my pants down far enough to touch it and smack it twice before I was frozen in time, arching my back and fucking my hand so hard it was cramping. 

I was so wet, I decided just to take my underwear completely off. I put my jeans back on but had not brought them all the way up yet. I got a toy out of my bag and rode it like crazy -- pressing one of the heads directly on my clit and the other into my ass -- watching the green lights alternate in and out shaking with delight, wanting a cock worse than ever. 

Then I spotted the crew working on the lawn and found myself wishing one of them would offer me a ride like Dreyfus had in the movie. My fantasy switched gears. I laid my seat back played in the juices of my multi-orgasmic experience rubbing it all over making the entire little bald thing shiny and sweet bringing the taste to my mouth when I caught the eye of one of them blowing the leaves. I had on sunglasses so he didn't know that I had seen him. I had gotten his attention all right! There were no leaves in front of my car, or on either side of it. But he still managed to hang around where he could see me playing with my shiny pussy right there in broad daylight. I brought my finger up to my mouth again, dropped my glasses and shushed him as though to keep this our little secret. He nodded and smiled and pretended to be pruning a tree directly outside of my window. I just swirled my fingers around my clit and in and out of my now dripping pussy -- and spanked it repeatedly, on the verge of yet another quake I quietly asked out of my slightly cracked window "isn't she the most perfect pussy you've every seen?" "Fuck yeah!" He said as I noticed his cock begin to press against his jeans. He was still trying to look busy as to not tip his friends off to his find. "You want to come back and see her later?" "Uh huh" he grunted heavily, amazed at his luck. "You're not going to tell anyone else about her?" I asked "Hell no, I want that pussy all to myself!" Glancing over his shoulder to make sure no one else could see his prize.

Wondering how noticeable the wetness was going to be when I got out of the car, I pulled my pants back up and headed back to class. Aware of the stare of the lawn boy watching me glide back to class, I moved fluidly and deliberately. Shaking my ass for all it was worth. I was smiling at the thought of his cock standing at attention, sticking out of the top of his pants, seeping with pre-cum wanting my pussy so bad he could hardly stand it. I knew he had to go jack off just thinking about it. I wanted to stay outside and play but had to go back to class so I was determined to make the best of it. 

It didn't take long for him to notice the lack of underwear. I had made his day. I moved back a row and put my legs up in the chair next to me -- directly facing him. Playfully, I let my legs fall open to show the wetness. I also accidentally dropped my pen a couple of times so that I could lean towards him and let my tits fall almost completely out of my shirt. Again, I couldn't help but notice his delight swelling in his pants. Keep in mind the tables were covered so no one could see from the front. I then rubbed the pen all over my crotch, rubbing my clit ever so slowly -- it felt so fucking good, surely I wasn't going to cum again! I had to snap out of it and pay attention! The sign in sheet was coming around, so I used the pen I had rubbed my pussy with and passed it to him with the paper. He kept it, and just smiled and shook his head a little. He couldn't believe it, frankly neither could I. I hadn't done this in years, but realized right then and there -- I was going to be doing it a lot more! I had climaxed more in one day than I had in the past month and it wasn't even lunch yet. 

I behaved myself for the remainder of the hour saving the best for the lawn boy at lunchtime; I did get out another pen and rub it around my clit occasionally. 

At lunch I went to the hotel and donned on a cute little white layered skirt, and the tiniest little pink thong I could find. My clit was already dancing with pleasure at the thought of showing off again. I also put on my non-piercing nipple jewelry which put me at full tilt. I couldn't wait to get back to the parking lot to show lawn boy. I found an empty corner, near another tree where I parked. I had grabbed a quick burger at Steak & Shake. Feeling school-girlish was turning me on like crazy. I had on a skirt with a button up shirt. My tits were poking through my shirt pounding under the clamps of the hoops with the tiny little pink butterflies on them. With my pussy burning for some more action I tickled and squeezed my nipples, slid my tiny little thong out of the way and ran the cold milkshake up to the walls of my pussy, it felt so good pressing up against the dripping wet hot walls and pounding clit. While trying to put the fire out, I caught a glimpse of my admirer, slowly working his way to where I was. I was ready. I hiked my skirt up and moved the seat back unbuttoning my shirt down past my glistening tits. I opened my shirt to almost show each nipple. I heard the buzz of the weed eater drawing near. The buzzing was that of a thousand vibrators and I was hotter than ever. I pulled the drink from between my pussy lips and rubbed my sweet juice between my tits, water trickled all the way down my stomach all the way to the waistband of my skirt. I ran the cup over my left nipple, exposing it, brought the cup up to my mouth and back down to show my right nipple too.

I put the cup away and started running my fingers down around my clit which fluttered in ecstasy. I realized I was getting short on time so I grabbed my toy again and pushed it against my clit, took the top head it in and rocked the other head up my ass. I brought my heels up to the edge of the seat to take more in. With my tits bouncing right out of my shirt, I rocked it back and forth, up and down and exploded so hard I thought the windows would break! I knew his eyes were drinking me in although I never once made eye contact with him but had eyed his rock hard cock peeking out of the top of his pants. He had a little wet spot on his shirt tail too!! I took my hand and ran it down through my soaked pussy lips and licked each of my fingers clean. My heart was racing, and I only had a few minutes left before class. I had brought a new pair of panties for class. I touched up my make-up, slipped into my new panties. I took a few deep breaths grabbed my shake and went back to class. 

Exhausted and Exhilarated I fell back in my class. My now throbbing pussy was dripping down my legs, seriously! I had never ever been so WET and satisfied. Not to disappoint, I bent over every so slightly to show my indoor man what I had been up too. Reaching into my bag to retrieve my book and another pen I gave him the most perfect shot from behind showing my dripping pussy and perfect ass. He shook his head and bit his lip and mentioned how much he was enjoying the class, I agreed and we gave kudos to Dreyfus. 

For my next trick I laid low and played it out mostly in my head. Every now and then adjusting to show him a little something or to give my favorite little drenched pussy a smack for a job well done -- to reverberate some of those throbbing sensations again. Ummm....I am dripping just thinking of it. I imagined the guy in front of me had bagged the tail end of the class and was eating me raw under the table skirt and that lawn boy was watching the whole thing through the window. Each time Dreyfus called on someone, it was their turn to please me -- and he got to tell them how to do it. It was so much fun; I had a few little mini orgasms and left a huge wet spot on my seat. I covered it with my book on break. I had yet to learn a thing but how many different ways I can get off. While on my way to the restroom to clean up, the indoor guy asked if I knew where the vending machines were. I told him I thought they were on the 3rd floor and offered to show him. Grinning broadly, he more than willingly followed me up the stairs to the 3rd floor. His face was so close my gorgeous bald dripping slit I'm sure he could just taste it. 

Once we arrived at the vending machine that was tucked away in the most remote part of the building I bent over completely and begged him to fuck me. He already had his cock in his hand, loaded and ready. He teased my luscious pussy just putting his head in at first. He slowly worked his thumb into my ass and began to fuck my pussy harder. Asking "Can you take it, Can you take all of it?" I was joyfully paralyzed and begged him for more. "Please......don't...... stop...please..... don't..... stop" I moaned as he fucked me harder and asked "You like this pussy? Huh? You like fucking this beautiful bald pussy? Fuck it, Fuck it harder....." "Yeah...like that...Yeah, yeah, yeah!" I was rubbing my clit so hard and fast "You want to lick this pussy? You want to taste it?" "Lick it, lick it!"

I was holding on to the water fountain riding his giant rod as he pounded me from behind he fucked me right out of my shoes. He turned me around and thrust his tongue deep inside my slit licking me slowly all the way to my clit...flicking and biting it before taking his tongue back inside to do it all over again. I was pulling his cock as hard and as fast as I could. I turned around to take him inside of me again and put a leg on his shoulder to grind him harder. He was fingering my ass and I felt his cock start to pulsate he grabbed my hair and told me to catch his load in my mouth. I dropped to my knees and sucked his cock until he shot his thick hot load down my throat. I longingly licked his dick and balls looking up at him as though to ask if he needed anything else and he said "that will do -- for now". 

I got up and stepped back into my heels. Neither of us used the ending machine. I pulled my skirt back down, and thanked him for the ride. I had lost the underwear a long time ago. 

I stopped at the restroom to clean up a bit and returned to the class already in session. Much to everyone's surprise Dreyfus said we were in the home stretch, a couple more chapters and we would be finished a couple of hours ahead of schedule! 

I was longing for the king sized hotel bed but more than that I was longing to touch and taste those beautiful black tits bulging out of the shirt next to me. Turns out, I wasn't finished after all!
