
TO BE READ BY ADULTS AT LEAST 21 YEARS OF AGE

Copyright  OCTOBER 2011 By C.D.E.  ALL Rights Reserved

This story may not be reproduced in any form or sold for profit.
This story may be freely distributed for personal use with this
notice attached.

All Characters And Events Depicted In This Story Are Purely
Fictional.  There Is No Intention In Any Manner, To
Represent Or Mimic, Any Real World Situations Or Persons.

Story Content:(M+/F, MM, Impreg, FemDom, MDom)

WARNING: THIS STORY IS A PURE SEXUAL FANTASY.  DO NOT READ THIS
STORY IF YOU ARE HOMOPHOBIC, AND/OR DO NOT LIKE READING A
FICTIONAL STORY OF THE DOMINANT/CUNNING SLUT WIFE GENRE, WHERE
GULLIBLE MEN ARE TRICKED/FOOLED/USED, PSYCHOLOGICALLY
MANIPULATED, OCASSIONALLY FLAGELLATED, SEXUALLY DOMINATED BY
THEIR BEAUTIFUL SLUT WIVES AND OCASSIONALLY BY THEIR WIVES MALE
LOVERS.

TO BE READ BY ADULTS AT LEAST 21 YEARS OF AGE

Title:  Excerpts From A Cuckold's Journal
Author: C.D.E.

CAST:
Marty - Husband
Mae - wife

ENTRY: Aug 10, 20XX Journal Entry:

	Journal, before I get to bed tonight, I'll try to capture some
of today's events.  My wife Mae and I just returned from the
weekly Sunday dinner at her folk's house.  It's been as usual a
busy day for me.  It almost is each time we go my in-laws for the
weekly family gathering and Sunday dinner.

	I'm very fond of, respect my mother-in-law very much.  However,
I wish she wouldn't make so many demands of me at these Sunday
family dinners.

	She has this thing for demanding I help her out in the kitchen,
along with the other female relatives, while all the other men
folks are watching games on TV, not doing "woman's work" - my
father-in-law's words.

	In addition to helping her with the cooking and clean up, she
insists I wear an old fashion, lavender colored pinafore apron,
which has tiny pink lace trim.  She and my wife picked it out for
me.  None of the other women, including my mother-in-law were
such an elaborate apron.  Their aprons are shorter and plain in
color and definitely utilitarian.

	I guess I should explain that it's no secret that my wife's
family has accepted me as their new son-in-law with open arms. 
However, with all the men folks being tall and brawny, I'm looked
upon as being a wimp and a sissy.  And because my wife has 3
regular men friends that she has continued to date, despite that
we have been married for going on 3 months, you can add cuckold
in addition to my being considered a sissy wimp husband by my
in-laws.

	I guess I should go ahead and make full a disclosure about my
wife and marriage.  You see, even though I hated that my wife was
dating other men the entire time we began serious steady dating,
as well as through our engagement, I was too much in love with
her, as well as too much of a wimp to refuse her doing as she
demanded.

	Besides being so very much in love with Mae, I tolerated it
primarily because I was a virgin, and she found my virginity
attracted her to me greatly. Seeing as how Mae was very
beautiful, actually voluptuous, and I was nerdy and
unpretentious, as well as of small stature, I have to say I was
smitten greatly by her interest in me

	I also accepted her dating other men, since she told me she had
a weakness for tall muscular handsome men and her doing so should
not be perceived as her loving me any less.  And since she was
very concerned about my virginity, I had assumed her dates did
not include sex with the other fellows she was dating.

	It wasn't until we were engaged that I learned differently.

	It was after we were engaged that she revealed to me that she
had been, and was still very promiscuous with all the men she was
dating, except me.

	Her revelation, of course, shocked me senseless.  But despite
that I was very much emotionally wounded by her confession, I was
even more hurt when Mae let me know that I had tasted and
consumed some of the many loads of her other mens cum that she
had taken in her hot and wet delectable pussy.

	At first, I knew what shed done to me had inflicted
irreconcilable damage to our relationship.  And as I thought more
about what shed said about her weakness for strong muscular
jocks - and particularly those with dicks much larger than mine 
something shed not bothered to reveal to me before our
engagement, since that wouldve told me that her dates were more
than Platonic.

	Marty, I know it hurts, but I want you to know I really love
you despite that I need to be with better endowed men for the
great sex they can give me.  And you know from all the petting
weve done, and feeling your little prick, its cute, but I know
it wont satisfy me.

       But sweetie, you really know how to suck my pussy and eat
me out.  And yes, while it was naughty on my part to feed you my
guys sperm, I just cant explain how delicious it felt to have
you eating their stuff knowing that you werent even allowed to
put yours in me yet.

       Maes words made me feel so humiliated, but her Cheshire
cat smile and accompanying giggle hurt even more.  However, the
more we talked about the history of Maes sex life, I had to
concede she was much more sophisticated than I couldve dreamed
of.  I couldnt help but feel in awe of her experience, even if
she had revealed herself to be a brazen slut.  I however did feel
a sense of inferior pride at her telling me that I was the best
cunt sucker, man or woman that had ever put their mouth on her
pussy.

       And darling, I want you to know youre the only one that
has eaten me out after Ive been fucked. And I want you to know
that I really love you for that, because it made me feel sooooo
good.  And I want you to do that for me from now on.  Mae told
me in a sensuous tone, which made it sound so natural and even
romantic for me to be doing something many would say was not only
perverted, but abjectly degrading and outright nasty.  I just
couldnt believe how she greatly down played her deceiving me
that she had been freshly fucked before having me go down on her.

       Mae reminded me how I never found the taste of her very
wet pussy unpleasant, but even complimented her on how delightful
it was eating her out.  She also added And honey, since youre
such an easy going and understanding mamas boy, I know you can
handle the humiliation that others might dump on you for being
the kind of husband I want you to be.

       Needless to say, I knew what she said was true, and I
found it very difficult to rebut her assertion that it would be
very easy for me to
continue to be her pussy sucker and cunt cleaner.  To make
matters worse, I couldnt forget that I often came in my shorts
each time I got Mae off with my mouth and she experienced those
fantastic orgasms which really made me feel as good as she did
about my actions.

	My love for Mae was deep.  I felt myself wavering about
forgiving her and becoming basically, her cuckold and sex toy. 
In the end, after many talks with mother and Maes folks, who all
thought that I was foolish to let other mens dicks and sperm in
the pussy of the woman I loved, become an obstacle to Mae and I
having a harmonious loving relationship.

 	In the end, I capitulated, and during the rest of our
engagement and after we were married, I became Maes willing cunt
cum sucker and subordinate, pussy whipped husband and full time
cuckold.


(((( AFTER ANOTHER SUNDAY DINNER WITH MY WIFES FAMILY ))))
	
	 I guess the conversation we had on the drive back home sort of
gives a good rendition of this day in my life.  I'll try to
recollect it as best my memory serves me.

"Marty honey, you really were far more relaxed and at ease today
when granddad unzipped his fly and guided your hand into his
pants to massage and fondle his dick.  And you didn't show the
least bit of a scowl on your face the whole time.  And you even
seemed eager to help him unbuckle and slide his pants and shorts
down too."

"SIGH!  What has it been now, a little over 2 months since our
wedding?"

"Yes darling, you know that perfectly well."

"Every since I-I've become your husband, your dad a-and granddad
and your 2 brothers and 3 uncles have been s-so persistent and
intimidating and literally forcing me in-into taking their big
c-cocks in my mouth a-and making m-me suck their sperm o-out of
them.  I-I've just come to s-see that t-there is-is no use
t-trying to resist or-or refuse them anymore.  It-It's obvious
t-they aren't going to leave me alone.  It-It's been the same
thing every Sunday, m-me on m-my knees a-and having m-my mouth
stuffed with their hard dicks and h-having to swallow 7 t-to 10
loads of jism."

"But I have to say darling, you looked so much more confident and
self assured mouthing grand dad's dick as well as the others'
too.  And it's so obvious that your cum swallowing has vastly
improved in a relatively short period of time.  You suck and
swallow so much more smoothly now than just a few weeks ago.  I
didn't see the least bit of gagging or choking today."

"Y-Yes I-I have to admit I-I'm more skillful now than w-when
t-they first imposed themselves on me.  A-and s-since I-I can't
g-get any help from y-you or y-your mother, o-or their wives,
t-to make t-them stop sexually abusing me, I-I've g-given up
a-and capitulated to d-doing what they desire of me.  L-Like you
and mother told me I-I would, I-I'm avoiding a-a lot of stress
and worry by not trying to fend them off, b-but just being t-the
suck hole t-they want me to be."

"Marty, your mother, as usual, is correct.  And I was so glad she
agreed with me.  After all, she and my dad had told you several
times that you might as well accept and face up to the fact that
you're a pantywaist wimp with pretty lips and other girlie
features that will cause real men to become arouse, and insist
you help them with their hard dicks."

"I-I know Mae, b-but I-I-I've b-been..."

"Yes, darling, you've been trying to resist your fate.  And I'm
so glad you now know what's best for you to do.  Just like when
you decided to stop fighting sucking my pussy out after my men
fucked me.  You realized what was best for you to do and you did
it."

"SIGH!  Y-You're right dear, I-I love y-you s-so much I-I
couldn't just walk away."

"I was so delighted that your mother got you to see that tasting
and sucking down the jism deposits of better men, from my pussy,
was not enough of an issue for us to break up over."

"It-It took me a-a while to think things out, b-but I came to see
your point about my cleaning your cunt with my mouth as proof of
m-my respect and affection for you. A-And as I-I did it more and
more, I-I came to see it really wasn't t-that big a-a deal,
e-especially s-since y-you w-were so tasty, d-despite their thick
v-viscous stuff was a-always in the way."

"It was more like I tasted good because of their thick rich cum
darling.  I know hearing and feeling you suck their oozing ball
cream from my snatch really excites and titillates and gives me a
feeling that no real man has ever given me with his big rigid
dick.  No sweetie, I came to realize that I not only love a wimp
like you, but know that I need the kind of love and affection
that only you can give to me."

"T-Thanks s-so much Mae dear.  T-That m-means s-so much to me."

"You're of course welcome Marty.  And it really please me that
you're accepting that it's time to stop trying to pretend you're
not a cuckold sissy wimp, and time to do what real men like for a
pussy boy like you to do.  And it's obvious you get along real
well with the taste of sperm - both from my pussy and freshly
spurted too."

"SIGH! Y-Yes, I-I guess I-I've had to become acclimated to the
slimy slippery stuff."

"I know my family appreciates you being a cum sucker and eater.
And of course so does Jack, Mike, and Dave.  Speaking of them,
darling with me going into the phase of my pregnancy where I
shouldn't be having any sex at all, until after the baby is born,
and well for a couple of months afterward too, I'm going to
expect you to fill in for me with the guys."

"SIGH!  M-Mae, t-those 3 a-are as just as bad as the men folk in
your family. E-Every since y-you let t-them know t-that I-I was a
cocksucker for your family's men folks, they h-have mercilessly
intimidated me into doing the same for them.  I-I'm already
giving them blow jobs about 2 or 3 times a week now, s-so I don't
see t-that I-I have to do anything different, s-since it-it's
obvious they aren't going to leave me alone."

"Yes, I know my darling husband.  And I want you to know how much
I appreciate you being there to help my three men - one of which
is the father of our first born - when their dicks are hard and
throbbing.  But I also want you to be prepared in case what
you're already doing for them may not be enough."

"Not enough?  W-what do you mean?"

"Remember how for the last 3 Sundays, daddy has been hinting
about wanting to drill you honey?"

"N-NO! Mae, y-you c-can't b-be thinking a-about t-the same
t-thing y-your family's m-men folks h-have b-been hinting at.   
T-That's o-one of the reasons I-I c-caved in a-and became m-more
w-willing to be their cock sucker... t-to s-show them t-that
t-they didn't have to e-even think about s-shagging me to get
off.  I-I was a-almost sure they were j-joking a-and j-just
taunting m-me. Y-You know h-how jocks a-are s-so as to-to
b-boost t-their masculine egos.  S-Surely  t-they d-don't t-think
t-they c-c-can p-push t-their b-big long h-hard things u-up
m-my..."

"Darling, that's exactly why daddy wanted you to go see that
doctor he told you about.  You know, to help you look at what can
be done to help you enjoy yourself without any injury, while they
enjoy you.  A visit to the doctor will let them know if you can
take their big manly things in your cute little ass."

"N-NO!  T-There's no way I-I can..."

"Now Marty, my dear husband, I want you to know here and now,
daddy and the other men in my family are serious and they would
be disappointed if you didn't at least get a professional opinion
that you are not fuckable.  And even Jack, Mike, and Dave have
also raised the topic with me about having intercourse with you.
They love your mouth pussy darling, but they admit, it would be
nicer at times to hump you like they do me."

"M-Mae, I-I c-can't b-believe w-we're h-having t-this
conversation.
B-because n-now it-it sounds like y-you're s-serious."

"I am Marty.  I think it's time you seriously look in to making
yourself available for intercourse with my men and my family men
folks when they want a piece of your ass."

"P-Please M-Mae.  Y-You k-know I-I l-love y-you s-so much a-and
have d-done a-almost e-everything y-you've asked me to-to do. 
B-But t-this is-is j-just w-way..."

"Marty, I can understand your apprehension about even thinking
about it, but because others are thinking about it, you owe that
much to them, especially daddy. I know how much you look up to
and respect daddy as your father-in-law, even if you disagree
with him making you suck his dick.  Remember, you've even told me
so.  Remember telling me you still thought highly of him and were
willing to overlook his desire to fuck your face and eat his
jism?"

"SIGH!  I-I -w-was..."

"Marty, there's no need for us to spend time going back over
that.  The important thing is that you have accepted that it's
okay to be a cocksucker and a cum sucker. Right?"

"SIGH!  Y-Yes."

"Honey, all we're doing is trying to get you to see it's also
okay to let men fuck you too.  Marty, just like you've come to
accept sucking dicks - and both your mom, and daddy says so too,
that it's obvious you've fond of those hard dicks gushing in your
mouth and drinking down all that hot slimy sperm.  I'm also sure
you have a taste for the stuff, even though you're very reluctant
to admitting it.  But whether you admit it or not, as your wife,
I think it's so wonderful that you've accepted you're a cuckold
sissy wimp and know your place in our marriage, as well as on
your knees before real men.

"But Marty, I want you to know that daddy and I have already
talked to your mom.  She has agreed to go to the doctor with you.
 She was so pleased that we came and talked to her about such an
important subject.  She fully agreed with us that you need to see
what things you could do to eliminate any injuries from having a
large erection slipped into your ass pussy dear.

She also added that she too thought that it was time for you
consider getting fucked too.  And you know how much she has taken
to Jack, Mike, and Dave - since one of them is the likely father
of her first grandchild.  And she fully understood that they may
need more than your mouth to unload their lusty semen, so she too
thought it would be nice if you could offer them some ass-pussy
from time to time."

"W-WHAT! Y-You t-two talked t-to mother?"

"Yes, we have darling.  She definitely wants to go with you to
see
Dr. Pushman and wants to help out anyway she can in your training
and any treatments.  You really are so lucky to have such a
caring and devoted mother dear."

Well Journal, I was pretty much silent the rest of the way home.
For I knew mother had called and left a message earlier in the
day before my wife Mae and I left for dinner at her folks' place.
 She asked that I come by to see her the next day.  She didn't
mention a subject, but only said that it could wait until
tomorrow.  But now, I was afraid I knew what the topic was - my
anal deflowering.

Well Journal, this is a good place to stop.  Plus I'm tired, so
that's all for today's entry.

###END###

Cmts: ccwriter@hotmail.com

