It had been a very full day: waking, meeting with the Queen, lunch, unlocking the Door to her Heart, venturing into it, finding Tarrant’s Room, and then adventuring out into what they will turn into a garden. Alice had been a bit concerned for the flowers populating the meadow but then she had realized that none of them seemed capable of speech. When she had pointed this out, Tarrant’s bright red-orange brows had risen quite dramatically. 

“But of course they can’t speak, Alice. How would we find a moment of privacy in Our Place otherwise?” He had paused then before considering aloud, “I suppose we could invite some Primroses and Bachelor’s Buttons to migrate... but they do tend to get into all sorts of arguments. Over Black-eyed Susans, usually. And then the Johnny Jump Ups will show up – invited or not – and, at that point, we’ll likely wish we’d just asked a Trumpet Vine to take up residence. Noisy things, Trumpet Vines, although perhaps preferable to the racket the other lot would cause.” 

“So... these flowers are not... sentient?” 

“Not in the slightest,” he’d assured her. “Although, should you like to relocate them...” 

She had and Tarrant had promised to make arrangements. He had spent a good deal of time on his hands and knees in the meadow looking for toves. “No better earth movers in all of Underland,” he’d lectured brightly. “We should have thought to bring some cheese.” Although, even without it, Tarrant had managed to coax a large family of the ground-dwelling rodents out of their forest-edge burrows to help them clear a bit of land and relocate the plants currently occupying the plot of their future garden. She remembers hearing something about the installation of a sundial but she still isn’t sure what that had had to do with anything... 

They had returned to the fourth floor of the West Wing’s Round Turret after that and retired to their rooms. Tarrant had suggested a game of checkers but Alice had been too easily distracted to present a respectable offense. 

“I’m sorry,” she says as he puts the game away and then considers a puzzle box on the shelf above it. “I... Should we get ready to go down for dinner?” Dressing herself for the evening meal, yes, that Alice thinks she can manage. 

Tarrant doesn’t turn around. He peruses the assortment of entertainment items that had come with the room itself and muses, “If you would like to go join the others for dinner, I would be happy to join you. They might be... a bit surprised to see us, though.” 

“How so...? Oh. Yes.” Yes, indeed. She and Tarrant are supposedly on their honeymoon. A No-Interruptions-Please sort of honeymoon. 

“I expect a tray will be sent up for us shortly. Just like our lunch,” he continues, ignoring the rather noticeable fact that they are not enjoying the sort of honeymoon everyone assumes they are. 

Thirteen more days , Alice tells herself. The quantification, however, does not make her feel better: thirteen days seems like a Very Long Time. She tilts her head to the side as she considers Tarrant’s shoulders and back. He really needn’t continue to wear his jacket while they are in their rooms. Although perhaps he feels more comfortable surrounded by so many layers. Still, Alice wishes he felt as comfortable in naught but his shirtsleeves and trousers. The presence of so many barriers between them seems horridly forced. They are friends, first and foremost. And she has promised him a full courtship. She will not try to change his mind or trick him into indulging her Urges. But, still... they are married! And that jacket, waistcoat, and ascot mock her. 

“Tarrant?” she muses aloud as he bends to inspect something that looks like a backgammon board. 

“Yes?” 

“Are there no questions that have occurred to you that you still hesitate to ask me?” 

“Questions? Well... yes. I suppose I do have a question I’ve been meaning to ask you.” 

“Hm...” Perhaps this might work, after all, she muses. “What if I told you I would answer – and answer truthfully – any question you ask me... so long as you ask it in your shirtsleeves?” 

“I... What? ” 

“You seem very... formal,” she explains quickly. “And we are married and... honestly, a jacket, waistcoat, and ascot aren’t required wear when a married couple are alone in their rooms together, are they?” The last bit comes out sounding a bit desperate but she forces herself to simply stop talking and wait for his response. He seems to be considering her proposal, actually. She watches as he tilts his head to the side and then his shoulders relax just the smallest bit and then... 

“ Any question I ask?” he checks, still facing away from her although she doubts he is studying the contents of the shelves. 

She shivers slightly at the dark undercurrent in his tone. “Yes. Provided you remove your coat, vest, and bow tie.” 

“Are you sure? ” 

“Try me.” 

“Very well. Very well.” Tarrant takes a deep breath and intones, “Did you ever... do more than consider my suggestion?” 

“Which suggestion is that?” 

“That you rely on... yourself to appease your... needs.” 

Alice inhales sharply. That is quite a muchy question! She’s inclined to answer it straight out simply in appreciation for the nerve it must have taken for him to ask. But, no. Not unless... “Your jacket, waistcoat, and ascot first , Tarrant.” 

He turns then. He looks over his shoulder before putting his back to the shelves and, in a quick motion, shucks the jacket from his arms and shoulders. Alice does not look away from his very green eyes as he steps forward and lays it across the back of his chair. She watches as he efficiently unbuttons his vest and places it upon the coat. Finally, his stained hands move to the bow tie at his neck and pick apart the knot. 

Alice’s fingers twitch and dig into the upholstered arms of the chair at the sight. Perhaps next time she makes a proposal like this one, she’ll include a clause that permits her to assist him with undressing. Her gaze drops to his shirt cuffs – still tightly buttoned around his wrists – and adds a request for him to roll up his shirtsleeves to the amended bargain. 

Ascot removed and laid atop the other two discarded articles of clothing, he stands behind the chair he had occupied throughout their brief checkers match and clears his throat. “Now... your answer, Alice?” 

“Yes,” she says. That and no more. 

His brows twitch. “Yes... you will answer or...” 

“Yes, I did... investigate your suggestion.” 

Alice knows she is not imagining it when he wobbles slightly and grips the left and right wings of the wing back armchair tighter. “You...?” 

“Yes.” 

“And... was it...?” He swallows visibly. 

“Was it what?” Alice asks, unsure of both what he wishes to know and why he wishes to know it. 

“Was it... pleasant?” 

Frowning, Alice looks away. “Before I answer that, will you tell me why you wish to know? Because this seems like an odd question for you to ask me... unless you’ve changed your mind about courting me.” Her gaze flickers back toward him. “But I don’t think you have.” 

“I haven’t. I...” His gaze drops to the chair’s polished wood frame in his grasp. “I am not asking as your Intended, but as a husband who is... untried in these sorts of matters and wishes to know if his wife... has learned of her own preferences. Not that I think it would be appropriate for you to describe them!” He is quick to explain. “But to reassure him – me – to reassure me that you... are aware of... what I mean is, it would be easier if I knew that you knew what you preferred. Your preferences. In Those Matters.” 

Alice studies him for a moment. “Tarrant... you are... When you say untried you mean...?” 

“I was a very ambitious hatter in my youth,” he whispers. “And then, shortly after receiving my Royal Appointment at Marmoreal, the Bluddy Behg Hid... The Jabberwock... an’ mae clan...” He pauses, clears his throat again. “It was a war, Alice. And my family was gone. I had no interest in...” 

“No, of course you didn’t. Wouldn’t. I understand,” she murmurs, doing her best to hide her shock. Although she is no expert, she would have thought – from the proficiency of his kisses alone! – that he had... that he has... “Thank you. For telling me.” 

Oh, this does put things in a new light! Alice considers his hesitance when it comes to touching her... intimately. Perhaps his desire to finish their Courtship is only part of the reason? Perhaps, unlike her, he is not keen to venture into the unknown rashly? 

“Alice?” 

“Hm?” 

“Your reply...?”