TALES FROM A COUNTRY ESTATE

By Dickins

Part 1, Cruel Deception

A dark and sadistic tale set in England.

Hannah is excited. She is excited because she is about to go for
a ride in the family carriage. The late Sunday afternoon ride has
been arranged so that she can accompany her stepmother Lady
Marlborough, to take her aunt Lady Hart and her cousin Peter home
to Arden Manor after their weekend visit to Marlborough Hall.

At twelve, Hannah is a pretty child, but since her father's death
has become difficult to handle and often gets over excited. Her
stepmother, who has never had any affection for her, has found
that the most effective and pleasurable way of dealing with this
problem is by giving her sound spankings and lots of them.

At fourteen, her cousin Peter is handsome but finds it difficult
to control his cock. His mother, who enjoys humiliating him, has
found that the most effective and pleasurable way of dealing with
this problem is by supervised masturbation.

Since the death of her husband, Lady Marlborough and her sister
Lady Hart have chosen to devote their time to charity. Their
charitable causes however, have been selected so that they can
indulge in their real passion of overseeing the sexual
humiliation and discipline of wayward children.

Lady Hart's penchant for boys led her to become an active member
on the board of governors at a boy's reformatory where she
oversees the hygiene inspections and judicial birching of the
boys on their arrival.

Lady Marlborough's penchant for girls led her to become a patron
of a girl's orphanage where she oversees their hygiene and
discipline. As a stepmother, she has also devised a daily regime
of sexual humiliation and discipline for her Hannah, which would
not have been possible without the help of her loyal and discreet
staff.

She also entertains her sister and nephew for long weekends at
Marlborough Hall and knowing that they both like to watch Hannah
receive her painful lessons, she leaves the door ajar and
positions her so they have an uninterrupted view.

Her desire to gain pleasure from inflicting these painful lessons
has led her to adopt a very simple regime. Firstly, she gives the
child's bottom and thighs a sound spanking, then after a signal
from her sister that her screams and erotic writhing have
satisfied Peter, she stops and rubs oil into her bottom, thighs,
cunt and anus to calm the child down.

***

It wasn't to anyone's surprise then, except perhaps to poor
Hannah, that Lady Marlborough decided just minutes before their
departure to give her yet another sound spanking, only this time
with the knowledge that there would be little time to calm Hannah
down afterwards or to satisfy Peter.

It was a sore Hannah and a frustrated Peter that climbed aboard
the carriage for the ride out. Their closed custom built Brougham
was being pulled by two dapple- grey horses and driven by a loyal
and discrete employee, but it was in desperate need of a new set
of braces, the soft leather seating providing little comfort
against the bumpy and twisting country lanes.

Both children are wearing Sailor Suits, consisting of a middy
blouse and a hat with ribbons dangling down the back. Peter's
mother insisted on him wearing his shorts, which due to his age
and size are now a little tight for him, whilst Hannah's
stepmother had made her wear a kilt. To complete the outfits they
are both wearing white knee length white stockings and black
shoes.

Due to the warm weather they have both been excused from wearing
undergarments, something that pleased Hannah because of her sore
bottom and thighs and both of them because they usually itched
and chaffed. Peter enjoyed the freedom it gave him and because he
could occasionally glimpse Hannah's naked charms as her kilt fell
open. This made his cock bulge against his tight shorts;
something that Hannah thought made him look quite ridiculous.

Sitting next to each other, it wasn't long before they were
squabbling and the motion of the carriage was causing Hannah's
sore bottom and thighs to make her fidget. This wasn't the first
time they had travelled together in the Brougham, but it was the
first time that the condition of the braces had caused them to
feel every bump.

"Stop fidgeting or you will get a another spanking," her
stepmother warned her.

This fell on deaf ears as Hannah's fidgeting increased and they
soon started to pull faces at each other.

"Right! That's it! Peter you sit next to your mother and Hannah
you come and sit next to me," Lady Marlborough ordered.

Sitting next to his mother had placed Peter opposite Hannah and
every bump and movement of the carriage caused her kilt to open
and expose her charms as she was unceremoniously thrown around.

"Do you think she deserves another spanking?" Lady Marlborough
asked her sister.

"Yes! She needs to learn some self-control," her aunt replied
with a smile.

"Right! To teach you self-control, you will be spanked again,"
her stepmother, explained.

"Please! I can't help it," Hannah pleaded.

"That makes no difference," her stepmother remarked.

"Pass me my carpetbag," Lady Marlborough told her sister.

The carpetbag contained all the implements and accessories
necessary to teach Hannah her painful lessons whilst away from
Marlborough Hall. Retrieving an implement wrapped in cloth, her
stepmother placed it down out of the child's view.

"Now! Stand up and face me," her stepmother ordered.

"Please! I'll be good, please don't spank me again," she pleaded.

Hannah's pleading fell on deaf ears as her stepmother removed her
kilt and then adjusted her full skirts to allow her thighs to
part. Then making the child sit astride one thigh, she forced the
child's upper body down and her face into the darkness of the
carriage seat.

The position surprised Hannah, as it pressed her defenceless cunt
against her stepmother's thigh, but it also embarrassed her,
because it parted her bottom and exposed her most secret places
to her aunt and cousin.

She wailed with embarrassment, as she felt her knee, the one
placed between her stepmother's thighs, lifted and pulled inwards
as it was trapped then held up against her crotch in anticipation
of the frantic struggles bringing exquisite pleasure to her own
cunt.

At a signal from Lady Marlborough, Peter stood up and removed his
shorts. His excitement was clearly visible as his mother caressed
his bottom, whilst drawing her fingers along the shaft of his
rampant cock then running her nails along its underside, watching
with delight as it jerked uncontrollably.

With one arm holding Hannah bent, Lady Marlborough gave her
already sore bottom and thighs yet another spanking. The child
struggled and her stepmother purred, arching her back as Hannah's
knee rubbed frantically against her aching cunt.

She delivered a smack, then another, each one producing a
delicious jerk of the child's knee. Another smack, and Hannah was
shaking, her knee seeming to shiver against her stepmother's cunt
and producing the loveliest of sensations.

Lady Marlborough reached between Hannah's bottom cheeks to feel
her cunt, a sly grin forming on her lips as she felt a hint of
moisture there. Then raising her hand she delivered two more hard
smacks in succession, each one sponsoring a hard jolt of the
child's knee against her crotch, flooding her with delight.

Then, once more, she lifted her thigh to rub the child's cunt
even harder. She then began a rhythm, two to four smacks
depending on her mood and how hard the knee jerked against her
crotch, then reaching over to feel Hannah's cunt and rubbing in
the moisture.

Reaching for the implement beside her, she unwrapped it and
showed it to them.

It was a small whip made of leather designed to reach into the
most sensitive of places. Lifting it above her head, she brought
it down hard between the child's widely parted bottom cheeks to
land on her anus and cunt.

Hannah's screams and struggles sent a stream of exquisite jolts
through Lady Marlborough's cunt and a raging fire into Peter's
loins. Releasing his cock, Peter's mother took a hold of his
balls and squeezed hard, which caused him to double over. This
offered his bottom to her and putting a finger into his anus,
suddenly pushed it all the way in.

"Now! Let it go," his mother ordered.

Peter spurted his seed over Hannah's bottom and her stepmother
rubbed his seed mixed with oil into her cunt and anus to calm her
down. To Hannah, this warm substance was no different to the
calming oils her stepmother always used after a spanking, but to
have her cunt and anus fondled in front of Peter and her aunt was
most humiliating.

The rest of the ride to Arden Manor where her aunt and cousin
Peter lived was uncomfortable for Hannah as her bottom, thighs
and genitals chaffed painfully against the leather seat. What's
more, they discussed her spankings along with the erotic antics
she had displayed, which was embarrassing.

It was getting late when they arrived, so Lady Marlborough
decided not to stay, but to return straight to Marlborough Hall,
which meant that Hannah had no time to recover from her painful
ordeal.

***

It wasn't long after leaving Arden Manor that their carriage was
brought to an abrupt halt. Enquiring what the cause of the delay
was, Lady Marlborough learnt that a carriage travelling in the
same direction had lost a wheel. On further enquiry she learnt
that its passengers were three gentlemen who were now cold and
hungry and eager to get to the comfort of the nearest hostelry.

Deciding to humiliate Hannah further, she told her driver to
offer them a ride and to ask them if they would like to join her
for supper at Marlborough Hall whilst their carriage was being
repaired. They accepted and with their luggage safely secured
they climbed aboard. To her horror, Hannah found herself being
unceremoniously hoisted onto her stepmother's knee again to make
room for them.

A moment of silence to adjust to their surroundings and the
gentlemen settled into the rhythm of the poorly sprung carriage.

"Welcome aboard gentlemen! My name is Lady Marlborough and this
is Hannah my stepdaughter," she explained.

"My lady! My name is Philip Manvers and these gentlemen are my
partners, John Savage and Jeremy Sykes and we own and run a
confectionery shop in the nearby village of Markem," he replied.

"She is a very pretty child!" Jeremy remarked, with a rye smile.

"How old are you Hannah?" Philip asked.

There was an awkward silence.

"Do you want another spanking?" Lady Marlborough asked in a
raised voice.

"No! Please not another spanking," she pleaded.

"Then tell the kind gentleman how old you are," her stepmother
ordered.

"Twelve,Sir," Hannah replied.

"Perhaps, my lady, she could sit on my lap," Philip suggested,
the frequent glimpses of her naked charms making his cock stir, a
sight that hadn't gone unnoticed by Lady Marlborough.

"Sir! That is a very noble offer. Yet, I worry that because of
the soreness of her bottom and thighs after her recent spanking
coupled with the bumpy country lanes, that she might writhe and
bounce on your lap and cause you discomfort," she replied, with a
knowing smile.

"Not at all my lady, my daughter who is Hannah's age, often sits
on my lap in our carriage and as you can see, I am none the worse
for it," Philip replied.

"Very well!" Lady Marlborough said, letting him haul her onto his
lap, so that she was facing him, her knees straddling his thighs
and her arms flung around his neck.

"I hope she is not too heavy?" she asked.

"Not at all, my lady," he replied.

From the left pocket of his coat, Jeremy withdrew four lozenges
and handed one to Lady Marlborough, one to each of his partners
and kept one for himself. Not wanting to leave Hannah out, he
produced a brightly coloured lozenge from his right pocket and
handed it to her.

"What do you say?" her stepmother rebuked.

"Thank you, Sir," Hannah replied.

He was pleased to see that she had finished the first lozenge and
knowing just what an advantage there would be to having two of
them, decided to offer her another.

"Would you like another?" Jeremy asked, with a knowing smile.

The child looked at her stepmother, not quite knowing whether to
accept another or not, but smiled when she didn't object.

"Yes please Sir!" she replied.

It wasn't long after sucking on these two special lozenges, that
the effects of the drug it was coated in began to work its magic
sending her into a state of semi- consciousness.

"How long will they last?" Lady Marlborough enquired.

No stranger to allowing drugs to be used by her staff to subdue
Hannah, she was curious to learn about their properties,
especially these particular lozenges as the child had been so
eager to accept another.

"It is difficult to say my lady! My partners and I often use them
to subdue our own children, but with her swallowing two of them,
at a guess I would say about two hours," Jeremy explained.

Lady Marlborough smiled and nodded her approval at such a cruel
deception, her desire to see Hannah being ravished by this
lecherous trio making her juices flow.

Wetting her finger, she rubbed her saliva into the child's cunt
and then pinched her clitoris hard to gauge her reaction. She
winced rather than screamed which confirmed that she was indeed
in a state of semi-consciousness. This meant that she would be
able to feel and react to the pain but would be unable to stop
it.

"Gentlemen! Feel free to ravish her," Lady Marlborough announced,
leaning over to remove her kilt.

Not one to forgo such a generous offer, Philip complied. With one
hand under her bottom he lifted her off his lap and with the
other quickly unbuttoned the flap in his breeches to free his
aching cock.

Withdrawing a bottle of oil from her carpetbag, Lady Marlborough
anointed the child's cunt and anus in preparation. Then, lowering
her down slowly onto his cock, Philip savoured her tightness, the
rocking motion of the carriage causing her to descend, then
withdraw and then descend again, until a delicious rhythm had
been established.

As the journey progressed, the bumpy country lanes added to his
pleasure, until suddenly, he felt that he could no longer
withstand the pressure in his balls, and quickly removed his cock
so he could ejaculate his hot seed over her bottom.

"Have you finished with her yet, my friend?" Jeremy asked.

"Yes! She's all yours," Philip said.

Eagerly unbuttoning the flap of his breeches to free his cock,
the little tart was handed over. He sat her facing him with her
knees straddling his thighs and her bottom pushed out. With her
cunt and anus now accessible, Lady Marlborough applied a fresh
coating of oil.

Letting Hannah sink down onto his cock, Jeremy found that her
previous ravishing coupled with a liberal application of oil had
made her vagina much more pliable, allowing her to take almost
his entire cock inside her. A disadvantage of this however, was
that with the motion of the carriage, every time she descended
she crushed his balls making him wince.

"Sir! Are you hurt?" Lady Marlborough asked.

"No my lady! Just surprised at how pliable she has become," he
replied, deciding to restrain her, in the hope of a moment to
recover.

"I don't believe that I have ever seen such a delightful
expression on her face before," her stepmother remarked, leaning
forward to pull her hair back from her face and touch her cheek.

Then with an oiled finger she penetrated deep into the child's
rectum to satisfy herself that the drug was still working. For
Jeremy that was the last thing he needed. With his cock ready to
explode with the pressure in his balls he quickly withdrew and
ejaculated his hot seed all over her bottom and thighs.

"Is it my turn now?" John asked.

Known by his partners to prefer boys, this was unexpected.
However, not known to pass any opportunity to ravish a child, boy
or girl, John had already unbuttoned the flap to his breeches and
released his cock, which of the three was not only the largest
but also the stoutest, a sight that made Lady Marlborough's
juices erupt.

"Yes!" Jeremy replied.

"Sir!" You will need to be quick, as we are fast approaching
Marlborough Hall," she told him.

Passing the child to his partner, Lady Marlborough was pleased to
see that John had turned the child so she sat with her back to
him. This meant that her facial expressions could be studied;
something that Lady Marlborough felt was needed to experience a
child's true humiliation.

John's preference for the tightness of a rectum was achieved when
he placed his hands under her knees and lifted them to her chest,
bringing her bottom forward and her anus directly over his cock.
Assisted by a liberal amount of oil being rubbed into her anus,
the motion of the carriage forced Hannah to impale herself on his
cock.

Suddenly, Hannah's eyes opened and then closed again much to the
relief of her tormentors.

As the carriage continued, his cock stretched her rectum and even
if he wanted to he would not have been able to dislodge it from
its current position due to its girth.

Another sudden jolt brought a forceful ejaculation deep into her
bowels, and the pressure in his balls erupted nearly nine times
before his cock grew limp enough to withdraw.

"Let me have her now," Lady Marlborough said.

"Certainly! My lady," John replied.

***

By the time they arrived at Marlborough Hall, the child had been
redressed and appeared to be exhausted from the journey. Carrying
the child and her carpetbag into the entrance hall, Lady
Marlborough dismissed the driver and summoned the housekeeper.

As they waited, it gave her guests time to soak up the atmosphere
of Marlborough Hall, a large rambling estate left to Lady
Marlborough by her late husband and set well back from the
surrounding country lanes.

Although only a few miles from Marken, where they had their
confectionery shop, none of her guests had ever heard of it, or
seen it as they passed by due to its concealed location.

"Ah! Mrs Jarvis, we have guests. Tell cook to make supper for
them and send Mary up to Hannah's bedroom. Have Nurse Jenkins
prepare Albert and the twins and take them to the playroom and
tell Jane to come and let me know when they are ready," Lady
Marlborough ordered.

"As you wish, my lady," Mrs Jarvis replied, with a knowing smile.

"Perhaps I could carry Hannah upstairs, my lady," Philip,
offered.

"That would be most kind of you sir," she replied, passing the
child to him.

As Philip cradled her, one arm around her back the other under
her knees, Lady Marlborough pinched the child's clitoris to test
that she was still in a state of semi-consciousness. Her smile
when she found that she was reassured them that further sport was
still to come.

Lady Marlborough led the way, firstly up two flights of stairs
and then along several corridors to Hannah's bedroom, which was
situated at the back of the building.

Laying the child on her bed, Philip stood back to allow everyone
a view of the quarry.

"Undress her!" Lady Marlborough told Jeremy.

Eager to further his acquaintance with Hannah's naked charms, he
undressed her, his mind full of images of his own daughter being
undressed and spanked by her governess, a lascivious woman, who
always carries out her duties with vigour, never objecting to him
being present.

Hannah now lay naked on her bed, surrounded by three lecherous
gentlemen and her equally lascivious stepmother, who lent over
oblivious to Mary's entrance, to suck on the child's nipples and
pinch her clitoris in an attempt to arouse her.

"Oh! There you are Mary," Lady Marlborough announced, a little
flushed.

"Gentlemen! Feel free to enjoy her again!" Lady Marlborough
announced.

Philip was the first to undress and bring his aching cock to
attention. "Hoist her up whilst I lay on my back on her bed and
then place her face down astride my thighs," he told his
partners.

They lifted Hannah off the bed whilst he lay down in her place,
then placed the child face down with her head along his chest and
her thighs astride of him, in much the same way as if she were
asleep whilst astride her pony. This position forced her bottom
and thighs wide apart and gave them full access to her lovely
charms.

"Hand me my bag," Lady Marlborough told John.

Retrieving a bottle of oil and a well-worn strap from the bag,
Lady Marlborough applied a coating of oil deep inside her cunt
and anus, noting with pleasure the child's annoyance to this
cruel invasion.

Then, with a nod to his partners, they positioned the child so
that her inflamed cunt was directly over his cock and watched in
delight as her stepmother brought the strap down hard several
times across her bottom.

This caused the tart to impale herself on his cock and ride as if
she was at a canter. In this position with his cock impaled,
Philip put his arms around the child's back and held her close to
his chest, in an attempt to prevent her struggles from dislodging
his cock.

"Together now!" Philip told Jeremy.

Jeremy quickly undressed and climbed on the bed, taking in the
view in front of him before placing his cock at the entrance to
her rectum. Pulling his foreskin back he thrust his cock into her
anus meeting with little resistance due to the earlier coatings
of oil.

Hannah's struggles meant that he could feel Philip's cock through
her perineum and the violent slapping of their balls caused him
to ejaculate several times before he grew limp enough to
withdraw.

Satisfied, Jeremy climbed off the bed and joined John and Mary to
watch as his partner struggled to climax. Not content to leave
her quest unsatisfied, Lady Marlborough picked up the strap and
brought it down hard across her bottom and thighs. The sudden
gallop that this produced, was all that was needed to bring him
to climax and he quickly withdrew his cock and ejaculated his hot
seed over her burning bottom.

Hannah was showing signs of exhaustion, when Jane entered the
room to announce that Nurse Jenkins was ready.

"Gentlemen! I think that Hannah has served us well, so I suggest
that we now leave her with Mary and go to the playroom where our
next prey awaits," Lady Marlborough suggested.

The expression on John's face showed his disappointment.

"Don't worry! There is a treat waiting for you in the playroom,"
she told him.

"Have you any instructions for me, my lady? Mary enquired.

"Yes! Give her a massage and then put her to bed," lady
Marlborough replied.

"I will! my lady," she replied with a smile.

Kissing Hannah goodnight, Lady Marlborough and her quests left
the room leaving Hannah with Mary who thought of just how lucky
she was.

Lucky enough, to be left alone with this adorable little girl and
to be able to undress herself and take her time and sexually
abuse her, especially as she was in no fit state to stop her,
under the pretext of carrying out her mistress's orders. 
