How Bad Do You Want Your Clothes Back
by dazed

It was a warm day as the three girls stood by the lake skipping rocks out of boredom. The three, Lisa, Sandy, and Meg, were tight knit, and well known as trouble makers, even bullies by some. It was true that they had a mean streak, but they attributed it to boredom and raging hormones. Their skipping was interrupted by the sound of footsteps along the path behind them. They turned to see a freshman girl, a small blonde named Jane, strutting across the path, probably as a shortcut home. Jane was wearing a pair of jogging pants and a pull over shirt with a back pack over her shoulders.

"Well, look what we have here," Lisa hissed as the three girls quickly blocked the path and surrounded the girl. Jane was a good inch or two smaller than any of them, and rather petite.

"I've heard other girls talk about her," Meg interrupted. "They she is bald as a baby down there, and almost no tits at all."

Jane blushed and grew quite concerned as she scanned for a way to make a quick retreat, but the three older girls had her well blocked.

"Is that right, little freshman girl? Is your pussy hairless? Do you have baby tits?" Lisa inquired sadistically.

"Maybe we should see for ourselves," Sandy quipped as the other two laughed in a mocking way.

Before Jane knew what was happening the three knocked her face down onto the ground and descended on her. They ripped her back pack off and then proceeded to remove the kicking girl's clothes. Shoes, socks, the shirt, her track pants, were removed and tossed aside as the three mocked and laughed at the girls underwear before unhooking her bra and tossing it aside. They then rolled her onto her stomach and while two held her down, one grabbed the squirming and weeping girl's panties and yanked them off, leaving their victim buck naked and bawling in shame.

"Oh my god!" Lisa bellowed as she pointed at the slick, bald pussy of their victim. They spread the humiliated girl's legs wide apart and laughed as they teased her about her baby cunt. They then took to making remarks about her incredibly small tits.

As Jane lay pinned on the ground naked and humiliated, Sandy began rummaging through her backpack, pulling out a white towel that the girl probably used in gym class. The other girls watched as Sandy rolled up the towel and made the hapless victim bite down on. She then wrapped it around her neck tying it off. The three then stood her up, to have a good look at their naked victim.

Jane watched, sobbing as the three gathered her clothes and held them. "How bad do you want your clothes back little naked girl?" Lisa teased .

Jane could only moan through the towel, the desperate look in her eyes pleading for her clothes back.

"Well, you are going to have to earn them. We are not just going to give them back out of the kindness of our hearts," Lisa scolded as the others laughed.

"Come on, let's march her somewhere more private, so we can have some fun with her," Lisa quipped at the others.

They marched the whimpering and naked girl into the woods, stopping when the came to a log. Lisa turned to the victim and spoke again.

"You've showed us your pathetic tits, and embarrassing bald little pussy, now show us your ass. Bend over that log with your ass sticking up in the air," Lisa barked.

Jane shook her head pleadingly as she groaned into the towel.

"Bitch, you want your clothes back or not? It don't matter to us. If you do, bend over that log now!" Lisa snapped.

The defeated girl, realizing she had little choice but to do as they say, slowly bent over the log, her hands touching the ground on one side and her pale, but shapely ass sticking up on the other.

"Well isn't that the cutest little butt you've ever seen," Lisa quipped teasingly. "But payment must be made for her clothes. Cut some switches girls. Let's tan her pale ass up a bit," Lisa spoke.

Jane wept and pleaded through the towel in her mouth as the girls speedily began cutting some switches to use.

The three girls lined up behind Jane, staring amusingly at her bare butt as they clutched the switches in the hands. Lisa went first, landing a few good strikes across the ivory humps. Meg followed, leaving criss-cross marks on the bare bottom of their now sobbing victim. Sandy excitedly took her turn, savoring every lash on the tormented girl's naked ass. When they were down, red marks decorated her pale bottom.

"That will get you back your socks," Lisa quipped as she tossed the girls socks by her head.

Fresh tears streamed down her face as she slowly sat on the log, winching from pain as she put her socks onto her bare feet.

"Now, what shall we do for the rest of these clothes," Lisa remarked as she held up the wad of Jane's remaining clothes.

"Make her play with herself in front of us," Sandy remarked.

"Not a bad idea, "Lisa replied with a sadistic grin. "Spread your legs and start playing with your little pussy," Lisa ordered. "Do it good and you can get your shoes back."

Jane's face flushed redder than her switched bottom as she slowly spread her legs, giving the girls a full on view of her naked vulva. A trembling hand began rubbing at her sex as the three stared in amusement.

"Come on," Meg teased. "You are not even wet yet. You will never win your clothes back at this rate."

Fresh tears of shame streamed down her cheeks as she began rubbing herself more rapidly, shamed at the wetness that soon began to show.

"I will give you a bonus, "Lisa shouted. "Make yourself cum and you can can put your bra back over those scrawny tits."

Ashamed and humiliated, Jane began rubbing herself more feverishly as the three tormentors looked on in amusement. Soon, she could feel the building arousal and rubbed all the more fervently until she closed her eyes, tilted her head back and let go a shattering orgasm that nearly made her fall off the log.

She was tossed her shoes and bra, and gladly put them on, yet dreaded what might lay ahead to get the rest of them back.

She soon found out as they walked back down the path to the grassy area where a rest area was. They then walked her into the men's restroom. Thankfully, the park was nearly deserted today.

"To get your panties back, you have to pee in the boy's urinal," Lisa growled.

Peeing in front of other girls was humiliating enough, but to have to straddle a urinal backwards so they could see was even worse. She walked to the urinal which was on the floor, and turned to face her three tormentors. Her face blushed with fresh shame as she spread her legs and straddled it. It took a few minutes to get a stream going, but she was soon peeing in it while the three girls laughed hysterically, even taking pictures to capture the moment.

She was not allowed to dry herself and she felt the wetness as she pulled her panties up her legs and back onto her crotch. The girls then led her out of the restroom, but she was thankful to at least be wearing underwear.

They led her up the path by the spillway and at the top, the three girls leaned over and dropped their pants and panties, mooning their bare asses to their victim.

"You get back your pants and shirt by crawling over here and kissing our asses. We want to feel your tongue on our but tholes too," Lisa snorted.

Jane felt ill at her stomach for such a command, but the thought of getting her clothes back dropped her to her hands and feet and she sheepishly crawled to the three girls. Her mouth puckered and kiss Lisa's bare butt first. She was made to kiss each cheek, then run her tongue along the ass crack. It was the most degrading thing she had ever done, but then she had to crawl over to Meg and repeat the degrading process again. She finally finished with Sandy. The taste and smell of ass was overpowering as the three girls turned and told her to stand up.

As Lisa reached her the pants and shirt, she gave her one last order. "You are not tell a soul about this, or next time it will be worse. And from now on when ever we see you, you have to do what ever we tell you, is that clear?" Lisa snapped.

Jane nodded sheepishly as she hurriedly put her pants and shirt back on. They tossed her the back pack and told her to get out of her sight. She could hear them laughing and mocking her as she walked away from them, crying all the way home.
