Master's Little Slut
by Nates_girl_mystic©


The day started off like any other day. Her Master got up and got ready to go to 
work. She kissed him goodbye and wished him a good day like always. He had this 
look in his eye she knew that sparkle and knew he was up to something. She 
smiled knowing he had something planned for that evening. She continued to do 
chores and get things done for the day. She waited for his call at lunch like 
always, it made the day go by faster just hearing his voice over the phone. The 
phone rang, she answered it knowing it was her Master. 

"Hello my love," he said, she smiled inside. 

"Hello Master how is your day going?" she asked.

"Just fine my love," he answered.

They talked for awhile and then he said, "My love I have something i would like 
you to do for me today." She was always happy to do as he wished and replied, 
"yes Master, what would you like me to do for you today?" 

"My love we will be having company for supper tonight, there will be 2 guest 
joining us, I am leaving it up to you what you would like to make. I want you to 
wear your black skirt, your black stockings and the black sheer shirt," he said. 


"Yes Master," she replied. "Is there anything else?" 

"Your black 5 inch heels also my love," he said. 

She smiled inside as she could feel the juices flowing between her legs she was 
so wet. She was looking forward to whatever Master had planned for that 
evening. They continued talking for a bit longer. There was so many things she 
wanted to ask him about this evening, but knew he wouldn't tell her. He loved to 
surprise her and she always enjoyed the surprised.

"My love," he said, "I need to get going now." 

"Have a good day Master and I will see you when you get home," she said. 

"I will my love," he replied. 

She heard that tone in his voice it sent shivers through her. She thought about 
what Master had planned for the night, she knew they would be having guests for 
supper but whom she did not know. With dressing the way Master told her to she 
also knew it was going to be an exciting night. She was her Master's little slut 
and enjoyed pleasing him. She could feel the wetness between her legs and wanted 
so much to take her fingers and rub and pinch her throbbing knob but knew 
better. She thought about calling her Master and asking for permission to play, 
but knew he would say no, as he would want her wet and horny for the evening he 
had planned. She had 5 hrs to get things done. 

Chapter 2

She went to the fridge and decided what she would be making for this evening. 
She took out a nice beef roast seasoned it and placed it in the oven. She had a 
few hrs to let it cook.She went to the bedroom and took out the things Master 
had asked her to wear for the evening. She could feel the juices flowing her 
pussy so wet, hot and her pussy throbbing. She wanted to rub her pussy so bad 
but she knew without permission she would be in trouble. 

She remembered the time Master caught her playing without permission. She was 
placed on the bed, told to spread wide while he whipped her pussy. She still 
felt the sting of the small flogger hitting against her skin her Master's voice 
saying, "repeat after me my love, I will not play with myself without 
permission."

She had to say that after each smack of the flogger. The pain was intense but 
the juices were running down her pussy, and between her ass cheeks. Her pussy 
hurt so bad. She was told to stand up and turn over. She felt the first whack 
with the belt across her ass.

"One," she said. 

Then came 2, 3 , 4 and so on. It hurt so bad she could feel the welts building, 
the throbbing in her pussy was gone. She felt tears building up inside, but knew 
she was wrong and held them back. She sure didn't want a sore welted ass for 
tonight. She pushed the thoughts of playing out of her mind the best she could. 

She checked on supper and added the potatoes and carrots to the roast, placed a 
bottle of wine in the fridge to chill. Looked at the clock she still had a few 
hrs to get things ready. She set the table for 4 people, placed two candles in 
the middle of the table and stood back and looked. It was perfect she knew 
Master would be happy. She looked at the clock it was time for her to get ready.

She went in the bathroom and turned on the water, a nice warm bath is what she 
needed. She set everything she needed on the side of the tub and climbed in. 
Slid down into the water and relaxed. She soaked for a bit feeling so relaxed. 
She stood up and placed one leg on the top of the tub, took the shaving cream 
and placed some in her hand took her hand and lathered up her pussy, took the 
razor and started shaving her pussy. She wanted to make sure the lips were 
smooth she loved the feeling of her pussy all shaved and smooth. 

She fought the urge to rub herself she was so worked up. Thinking about what 
Master had planned for the evening didn't help much either. She finished shaving 
and rinsed off washed her hair and stepped out of the tub. She wrapped herself 
in a towel. She fixed her hair, did her makeup, painted her nails, applied 
lotion to her body and started to get dressed. She looked at the clock there 
wasn't much time left. She felt the excitement and nervousness building in her, 
her pussy was so wet. 

She went back to the kitchen to make sure everything was ready. She smiled to 
herself it was perfect.

Chapter 3

She heard the lock in the door and went to greet her Master. He looked at her 
and smiled, then took her in his arms and kissed her. She felt his tongue 
slipping between her lips as his hands grabbed her ass and squeezed. Her pussy 
throbbing, she wanted her Master to take her right then and there. He released 
her and smiled. 

"You look fantastic my love," he said.

She smiled. "thank you Master," she replied. 

He went into the shower, she went into the kitchen to finish getting things 
ready. She was bent over getting the roast from the oven when she felt his 
fingers gliding along her pussy and ass, she could feel his fingers enter her 
pussy feel them going in and out she didn't dare grab for the pot as she knew 
she would drop it. He pulled his fingers out placed them to her lips and she 
licked them clean. She then to the pot out placed it on the stove and felt a 
smack on her ass. 

"My little slut is hot and ready as usual," he said. His smile told her he was 
happy. She turned and smiled.

The door bell rang, she could feel herself getting nervous. Truthfully she was 
more excited about what would be happening that evening. Master went to the door and there were two guys standing there. Master let them in. She was introduced to them and she took their coats and hung them up. She could feel there eyes watching her as she walked to the closet. Her skirt came to the bottom of her ass so the slightest bend would expose her wet shiny pussy. They went into the living room and took a seat. She handed everyone a drink bending slightly as she handed them their drink which gave them a little peek of her wet glistening 
pussy and saw the smile on her Master's face. As she returned to the kitchen she 
could hear her Master saying, "didn't I tell you my pet was wonderful, she is a 
perfect little slut. I know you both will enjoy fucking her my little slut loves 
to be fucked and her pussy sucked, she does know how to please," he said.

She smiled to herself and got the food ready. She could feel her nipples rubbing 
against her shirt and the juices flowing between her thighs. She called to 
Master to come into the dining room. They came and sat down at the table. She 
began to pour the wine into the glasses, she felt her Masters hand on her ass. 

He gave it a little rub and said, "everything looks lovely my pet." 

She smiled and said "thank you Master,"

She took her seat beside him at the table. Bare ass touching the seat legs apart 
so that her pussy was on the seat. She knew that when she didn't wear underwear 
her ass must be touching the seat. Without any underwear on she could feel the 
juices from her pussy the warm sensation knowing there was going to be a wet 
spot when she had to get up.

She felt her Master's hand gently sliding up her leg till his fingers slightly 
touched her pussy lip. She wanted to spread her legs a little more, have his 
fingers rub her swollen pussy and feel them deep inside her hot pussy but knew 
better. She felt her Master's fingers touch her swollen pussy she almost came. 
He removed his fingers and placed them to her lips she opened her mouth and 
licked the juices off his fingers. She knew they were being watched and seen the 
smile on their faces and the excitement in their eyes. She let out a small 
squeal, her Master had grabbed her nipple and squeezed it. He looked at her and 
smiled, they continued their meal, she sat there quietly listening to the men 
talk. Thinking to herself this was going to be a wonderful evening. 

She had been shared before but with only one guy and her Master she had enjoyed 
that. She looked forward to having 3 cocks to please and was getting very wet 
and excited.


Chapter 4

The men got up from the table and went into the game room. She cleaned up the 
kitchen and could hear them playing pool. Thoughts of what the rest of the night 
would bring was making her so wet and horny, she couldn't wait for the rest of 
the evening to begin. She knew her pussy would be licked, fingered and fucked, 
the thought of the cocks she would be sucking and then fucking her had her 
dripping wet her pussy throbbing, her mouth watering.

She went into the game room and poured herself a drink, asked if anyone else 
needed one and was told they were fine. They finished their game and Master 
decided they would play doubles. Her Master came over and whispered in her ear.

"My pet" he said, "each time it is your turn I want you to make sure that pussy 
of yours is in plain view, I want you to show them that hot pussy that they soon 
will be pleasing, I want it wet and shiny".

She smiled at him and said, "not a problem Master." 

He looked at her and smiled, "I never had any doubts it wouldn't be my little 
slut," he said. 

She made sure her pussy was in plain view as she made her shots and could see 
that the guys cocks were hard. She smiled to herself. She felt a slap on her ass 
as she bent over to make a shot and let out a squeal. As they continued playing 
she was getting so wet she knew her pussy was moist and shiny and wanted a hard 
cock fucking her. She was getting more excited by the minute as she took her 
final shot she felt her Master's hand on her shoulder and he guided her to stay 
bent over. She felt his foot touch hers and knew he wanted her to spread her 
legs apart. She felt a hand slowly rubbing her ass, Then another hand on the 
other cheek rubbing and groping, she felt fingers slowly running up and down her 
wet glistening pussy, which made her even wetter. She shivered as she felt 
fingers slowing entering her wet hole, she wanted to push against them and yell 
fuck me, fuck me now but she knew she couldn't move till her Master told her she 
could. 

She knew it wasn't her Master's hands touching her. The fingers slowly starting 
going in and out of her pussy faster and harder, she could feel the juiced 
flowing and wanted to cum so bad. she could still feel the hands on each side on 
her pussy holding it wide open. She felt the fingers come out and wanted to cry 
out please, more more but knew better. She waited, she felt a warm tongue glide 
up and down her moist pussy lips she felt a moist warm tongue glide across her 
swollen knob she moaned in pleasure. The licking and flicking of her knob was 
giving her so much pleasure. Being so worked up that day she was so happy to 
have the tongue pleasing her. Her body was quivering and shaking and without 
thinking about it she came. She quickly heard her Master's voice, She knew that 
tone and knew she was in trouble. 

"My pet," he said, "Did i tell you to cum, or did you even ask permission?" 

"No Master" she replied, eyes lowered, 

"I am so sorry Master," she said.

"You must be punished my pet," he replied. 

"Yes Master." she said.

She kept thinking to herself, I sure hope I didn't ruin the night. She knew her 
Master was not happy with her and that made her sad. She felt her Masters hand 
on her arm as she was raised off the table, she knew as they walked where her 
Master was taking her. He lead her to the other side of the room and through the 
door. The men Master had brought over followed them, she didn't want to be 
punished in front of anyone but knew she had no choice in the matter. 

"Take your shoes off", her Master said. 

She bent over to remove her shoes and felt a smack across her ass with the belt, 
she let out a squeal. She felt her Master's hands from behind her removing her 
skirt and then her shirt. He took one arm and she felt the cuff go on then the 
other, next came her ankles. He lead her over to the wall and facing her towards 
the wall, he restrained her hands to the wall, then he bent down and attached 
her ankles wide apart.

He asked the two guys to stand on each side of her then asked them to play with 
her tits, and when he said squeeze they were to pinch her nipples hard. He made 
her bend slightly so her pussy was in view and began to smack it with the belt, 
she let out a scream of pain. She felt 4 more hits before it stopped.

Her Master stood beside her and proceeded to spank her ass with the belt, as 
each smack hit he would say squeeze. The pain from the smacks and the pinching 
of her nipples was sending so many sensations through her body, she cried in 
pain but also wanted to moan in pleasure at the squeezing of her nipples, her 
pussy was on fire and she could feel the juices running down her thighs. She 
wanted to scream out to her Master to make her cum, so she could release all the 
sensations that were going though her body but knew better. Thats what had got 
her into trouble in the first place and didn't dare ask if she could cum. 

It didn't help that the 2 guys were fondling her breasts, taking there tongues 
and licking her nipples. She turned to look at her Master. 

"Have you learned your lesson my pet," he said.

"Yes Master," she replied. Trying hard not to beg him for release. 

"Good girl," he said. 

She felt his hands rubbing her ass and felt them move between her legs. He felt 
her wetness and placed his fingers inside her hot wet pussy his fingers moved 
faster and faster, she could feel her juices running down her thighs and on his 
fingers. He could feel her shaking and her pussy getting so tight trying not to 
cum. He fingered her for a bit longer 3 fingers fucking her and one on her 
swollen knob.

"May i cum Master?" she asked. 

"No you may not," he replied. 

She knew she had to fight it and not cum again without permission, it was so 
hard and she did everything she could not to.Begging him this time she said, 
"please, please Master may I cum?" 

"No" he replied. 

Her whole body was quivering and shaking, she didn't know how much longer she 
was going to be able to stand it. Just when she thought she would not be able to 
do it any longer she heard her Master say, "cum now my slut." 

She came with such a force, everything was so wet. She could feel her cum 
running down her thighs. He kept finger fucking her till she was almost ready to 
cum again, removed his fingers and placed them in her mouth she loved the taste 
of her cum and licked her Master's fingers clean. She felt a hard cock trying to 
penetrate her pussy and bent a little to help, she knew it wasn't her Master. 
Her Master was standing beside he, kissing her. Her Master's kisses always made 
her so horny. 

She gasped as the hard cock entered her and began thrusting deep inside her she 
began breathing harder as her Master kissed her harder and her breast were being 
licked and sucked by the other guy. The thrusting became harder and faster and 
she began breathing heavier and faster. 

Her Master whispered in her ear "do you need to cum my pet?" 

"Yes Master," she replied. 

He smiled and said "cum my pet , and you may now cum as you wish." 

She smiled and said, "thank you Master,"as she felt herself exploding. 

Her juices running down her leg as the guy pulled out removed the condom and 
came on her ass.Her Master began to untie her and she fell to her knees and took 
his cock in her mouth and began sucking it. She licked the tip going around and 
around and took her tongue and licked up and down his hard shaft. She placed his 
cock in her mouth again and began sucking it. He grabbed the back of her head 
and held placing his cock further down her throat. She could feel herself start 
to gag and tried to relax as his cock went further down her throat. She wanted 
to please her Master and held off for as long as she could. As she sucked her 
Master's hard cock, she began stroking the other 2 cocks with her hands. She 
sucked on his cock enjoying it so much.

"Are you ready?" he said. 

She nodded and she felt his cum slide down her throat, she loved the taste of 
her Master's cum and swallowed every drop. Her Master took his cock out and she 
licked it clean. Looked up at him and seen the smile on his face. 

He said, "next one my pet."

She took the other cock in her mouth and began sucking on it. She had the two 
guys in front of her and switched back and forth sucking on their cocks. She 
knew this pleased her Master, her only thoughts were to please him. She sucked 
them both until they were ready to cum, stroking one and sucking the other she 
stroked them until they took over and stroked themselves. They both came on her 
tits. She looked at Master and he was smiling. Both men had cum and Master knew 
his pet needed to cum again. He enjoyed the fact that she was a cum slut, the 
fact she could cum over and over again, and that other men enjoyed fucking and 
eating her pussy. He told her to go get cleaned up.


Chapter 5

She returned and her Master lead her to the padded table she laid down on the 
table. Her head was raised so it was the right height for sucking a cock. He 
took one leg and tied it in the air took the other leg and did the same, her ass 
and pussy were in full view of everyone and was wide open for them to please 
her. He blindfolded her, she loved being blindfolded as it heighten the 
sensations. She felt hands all over her running up and down her pussy, playing 
with her nipples. She felt something touch her cheek and turned her head to find 
a cock there waiting to be stoked and sucked, she placed it in her mouth and 
began sucking on it. She started to feel fingers go deep inside her pussy 
thrusting in and out, each time another finger was inserted deep inside her 
pussy, fucking her hard and fast making her cum over and over, finally she felt 
the whole hand slowly go deep inside her, slowly going in and out she moaned in 
pleasure and came again.

She was sucking her Master's cock and stroking the other one with her hand. Her 
nipples where being sucked and pinched and this was getting her so worked up. 
She loved it when Master bit her nipple just as she was ready to cum. The pain 
heightened the orgasms she was having, she knew Master was the only one that 
would ever give her the pain she needed. She felt a fist fucking her, as well as 
fingers pinching and teasing her knob. She was breathing so hard and knew she 
would cum again soon.The hand was removed and she felt fingers fucking her pussy again she came again. She felt the fingers being removed from her pussy and a wet hot tongue taking its place. The tongue went up and down her pussy licking up the juices from her cum, she felt the tongue slide down to her hole and then go further to her ass, licking her hole, she cried in pleasure. She so enjoyed 
her hole being licked. 

Then the licking stopped for a moment as the men switched and she felt the 
tongue again on her pussy and her ass. Her Master removed his cock then came on 
her face. She had her mouth open and her tongue out so she could catch what she 
could of her Masters cum, she loved feeling of his cum squirting on her face and 
running down her cheeks. Closing her eyes while he came she could feel his cum 
on her eyelids. She began licking her lips tasting his sweet cum that covered 
her lips and mouth. Her Master gently turned her head so she could suck the 
other guy. Placing his cock in her mouth she began sucking him, while the other 
guy fingered her pussy and licked her ass, The guy she was sucking was rubbing 
her pussy she came over and over again. It was time for a break and her Master 
untied her and they all rested and had a drink. She again went and got cleaned 
up.



Chapter 6

"Are you ready my little slut?" Master said. 

"Always," she replied and smiled at him. 

Master had the one guy lay on the bed and she sucked him till he was hard and 
she placed a condom on his cock. Her Master then told her to get on top. She 
straddled the guy and felt the head of his cock at her hole. She was so wet 
again and the cock slid right in her pussy. She began to ride up and down on his 
cock, faster and harder with each stroke. Her Master touched her shoulder and 
bent her over. The guy began sucking on her tits her ass exposed to her Master. 
She turned her head and took the other guys cock in her mouth and began sucking 
on it. 

She could feel her Master's lubed fingers playing with her ass slowing pushing 
his fingers in her hole, fucking her ass until she came. She felt his fingers 
pull out and the tip of his cock at the opening, she could feel it slowly siding 
it as he went back and forth.His hard cock filled her ass. 

He began thrusting and she began moving back and forth as both cocks fucked her 
together, She had never had that before and it didn't take her long to cum.They 
continued fucking her. She loved the feeling of a cock in her ass, her pussy and 
her mouth. She thought to herself I am truly Master's slut and smiled, enjoying 
the fucking she was getting, coming again and again. 

She heard her Master say, "Are you happy my pet?" 

She moaned in pleasure. The guys were ready to cum again. Her Master pulled his 
cock out from her ass. She took the cock from her mouth and got up off the other 
guy. 

Her Master laid her on her back spread her legs and shoved his hard cock deep 
inside her pussy and began fucking her fast and hard, she loved her Master's 
cock deep inside her, the way it filled her pussy, the way he made her feel, the 
way he could fuck her and make her cum over and over.

She was stroking the other two guys and knew soon they were all going cum. She 
moaned and screamed in pleasure as her Master fucked her pussy so fast and hard. 
His hard cock pounding her pussy.Her pussy was so sore, but the pain made her 
hotter and so horny.She began to cum over and over until she thought she was 
going to explode. She was screaming in delight as the orgasms were now none stop 
as her Master continued to pound her pussy with his hard cock. 

"Are you ready my slut?" her Master asked. 

"Yes" she replied, she was so worked up it was so hard to talk, her body was 
shaking and quivering.

Her Master asked the other guys if they were ready they both said yes. She 
released their cocks and watched as they continue to stroke themselves as her 
Master fucked her she continued to cum and so did her Master. She could feel his 
hot cum fill her pussy, it always satisfied her to feel her Masters hot cum in 
her hole filling it up. She felt cum squirting over her breasts from the other 
two. 

She lay there exhausted and so satisfied. Waiting for him to pull out so she 
could feel it run down her ass. She loved the feel of cum sliding out from her 
pussy and down between her ass cheeks. To her that was the final stage to the 
pleasure she had received. Thats when her body could relax. She was so exhausted 
and so satisfied.

Her Master walked beside her and placed his cock in her mouth for her to clean. 
She took his cock in her mouth and licked it all over. The taste of her Master's 
cum mixed with her cum always pleased her and tasted so good. She lay there 
exhausted and so satisfied. 

She smiled and said, "thank you Master."

"Is my little slut happy?" he asked.

"Yes Master" she replied "very happy." 

She went to go get cleaned up and heard her Master and the 2 guys talking. They 
had told her Master that they were very satisfied. She heard them thank her 
Master. 

"You have a wonderful pet," they said."and we would enjoy doing it again 
sometime." 

Her Master smiled and said "That may be possible." 

She came out of the bathroom and her Master came over to her and said, "You did 
good my pet and have made Master very happy." 

She smiled to him and said "thank you Master, I am very happy also. I am so 
happy I pleased you again." 

She knew she would be rewarded. She just wasn't sure how. But knowing her Master was happy was all she needed. 



 