Bikini Bash
by jastes22 

Part 5 - Exploration

I crawled out of the pool. My face was red and my legs still felt like they were about to fall apart like a pile of Jenga blocks. Despite it obviously washing off, I still felt like there was cum dripping from my pussy, and it felt like everyone could see. Everyone did see, I reminded myself, which only served to make me blush even deeper.

The absurdity of everything hit me at once. What on earth was I doing? I had willingly let my friend strip me naked and then orgasmed in front of everyone. Before all of this, I was embarrassed even to wear a string bikini. This wasn’t like me at all!

Or was it?

Tracy stepped forward, pushing herself against me. I gasped at the sensation of bare skin on bare skin. “You said you wonder how I do it? You really want to find out?”

I swallowed. How do I respond? How do I explain the sheer terror that was building up in my bare chest, mixed with the ever-growing excitement?

Tracy grabbed my arm and started to pull me towards the fence. I wanted to resist, but it was like that sensation you got when you were standing at the edge of a cliff—that urge to jump, to go past the point of no return.

And I jumped.

Tracy pushed me against the fence, the cold metal of the chain-link fence sharp against my warm skin. She held me by my shoulders, holding me against the fence. Not too firm to hurt, and with enough restraint that it was clear I could bail, but with enough firmness that made it clear that she would capitalize on any hesitation I had.

I gasped as she pulled my hands up above my head and started to tie them using what I recognized as my bra and her panties.

“W-what are you doing?”

“In order to have control of your body, you have to lose it entirely.” She paused for just a moment, and I knew exactly what she was going to say the second before she said it. “Everyone? Lindsay here wants you all to touch her, and I mean everywhere. Really get to know her.”

Sirens were going off in my head, but it wasn’t enough to stop me from simply lowering my head in acceptance.

Whispers erupted from the group of boys and girls, a mixture of surprise and excitement washing over them.

“But first, let’s give everyone some privacy.” She grabbed something—a bandana, I realized—and wrapped it around my eyes. It wasn’t completely opaque—I could see people in front of me—but it was enough I couldn’t make out specific individuals.

“I can’t stress it enough,” Tracy said, “we really need to help Lindsay explore this side of herself. So…I do mean everywhere.”

I gasped again as the first person touched me, on my hip. I yelped and shied away, only to met by another hand on my ribcage. Soon there were multiple hands on me, their bodies pressed up against me like walls. I felt myself hyperventilating, breathing hard and fast. Fingers squeezed my tits, pulling, pinching, and squeezing. Eventually, they wrapped around my waist and grabbed the cheeks of my butt. I tried to count how many hands were on me at once, but it was impossible to think. Soft, quiet moans escaped my lips at odd intervals, the only release I could get from the bubbling sensations. My skin felt hot and my breath was ragged. My body was being overwhelmed with sensations of pleasure and terror.

Then the fingers went between my legs. It was like a dam burst. A loud, powerful moan escaped my lips as foreign fingers entered my still-slick pussy. My legs, which had been closed together for most of my treatment, were suddenly pulled apart, and there was nothing I could do to stop it.
Another wave of pleasure came over me, and I almost keeled over, as much as my bonds would allow it. The bandana around my head slipped and fell off. I gasped as everyone came into view. Twenty teenagers, all around all me, all with a hand or finger somewhere on me. They paused for a moment, realizing I could now see them. Girls and boys. All of them.

It didn’t stop them, though. They just went right about, stroking me skin and touching me. I groaned, the fact that could now watch my torment making it even that much more of a turn on.

My eyes fell on Tracy, still naked, watching me and the mob that surrounded me. She had a slight, knowing grin on her face, knowing exactly what I was thinking. Nobody had eyes for her. They were all on me.

She stepped forward, leaning in and whispered into my ear. “Good. Now just one more thing to do…”

*****

I peeled off my undies and deposited it with the rest of my clothing. Tracy, Mike, and a few others from the party looked at me. Tracy grinned, nodding her head in approval.

I turned around, looking down the empty school hallway that would be filled with students in less than a minute.

“Okay, Lindsay, you ready for this?” Tracy said.

“Around the school in five minutes, not allowed to go outside. Got it.”

I couldn’t see her, but I knew Tracy was grinning. “Good. Okay, get ready in 3…2…1…”

The school bell rang, and I took off as the doors started to open.


