It had been well over a year now, and Rick Reigns was having the most impressive rookie run of all time! In the last fifteen months or so, Rick claimed the Undisputed World Heavyweight Championship for thirteen of them; accumulating victories, die hard fans and beautiful women. The champ was what every man wished he could be and who every woman wished would fuck her brains out! From chiseled good looks, a rock hard, tattooed muscular body; to his endless supply of charisma, stamina and wit; to a perfect undefeated record, Rick Reigns had it all! But most importantly, Rick had the sexiest, bustiest, and outright horniest manager in his corner: Courtney!
Courtney, a most naughty girl with dirty blonde hair, loved to show off her body. She often wore the tiniest G-String Bikini when accompanying her man to the ring. She also loved to give false hope to her man's opponents, promising to suck the winner's dick after every match. Courtney only wanted the champ's cock and she knew he was unbeatable. Thirty-Two men tried to take Rick Reign's title belt and Thirty-Two men had watched from the canvas floor, as Courtney swallowed her champ's pulsating cock! Tonight, Courtney knew, would be no different...
But Courtney didn't realize I was in the arena tonight. She didn't know her man was about to get a REAL run for his money; and that for the first time in his career, Rick Reign's streak was in danger of coming to an end!
The crowd came to life, as Rick's theme music played throughout the arena. They popped even harder at the sight of their champion; clad in tight green trunks with black trim; black boots and face paint, ready to go to war! His hair, tied up in a pony tail, teasing his female audience, as they loved to see his long hair flow! As always, Courtney was right beside her man, possibly in her tiniest pink G-String Bikini yet! Her thick body was nothing short of amazing; complimented by her toned abs and ass; long legs and huge 52-DD breasts. Rick's large package was now swelling as he was rock hard and it was not too difficult to understand why!
As they made their way into the ring, Rick signaled for a microphone. He had something to say and he wanted everyone to hear it:
"Tonight I was supposed to take on that punk Flex Tyson, get my 33rd victory and set a new record for the longest, undefeated streak in boxing history! However, my opponent showed me tonight he has some big brains, a small dick and absolutely no spine as the coward no showed! He didn't want to take his beating like a man! So I'm sorry to all you fans who were expecting to see your hero in action tonight, but I have no competition. I've literally beaten everyone there is to beat! But you all know I still want that record! So I am going to give anyone in the back there a shot at my title; I don't care about rankings or any of that shit! More accurately, I am just simply letting someone be my record breaking victim! If you think you can take my title; match my chiseled body; measure up to my well endowed cock and get that win tonight, you are welcome to try...to fail! Nobody can beat the champ! Nobody! "
Rick held his proudly earned title high in the air, as the crowed roared in approval. Courtney managed to have her eager hand find its way into her man's trunks, and she began to play with the champ's undefeated dick! The champion got harder, as she rubbed faster; as he waited for someone to accept his challenge. It seemed no one wanted to be Rick's punching bag tonight and then suddenly...
Music hits and I appeared on the stage front, covered with my shining silver robe. I could tell Rick did not recognize me, but I knew all too well about the champ and his extremely cocky personality. We had been best friends at one time, before he started his boxing career but had a falling out once his ego was fed. He had been built up as an unstoppable force but if anyone knew how to dismantle Rick, it was me; and tonight my mission was clear: knock the champ out! I marched into that ring, getting right into my former best friend's amused face and staring him down. There was uncertainty in his eyes. I was off to a good start! Rick took a good look into my eyes; sneered at my shaved head and backed away. His microphone was at his mouth now, and the champ spoke again:
"You?! You want to go one on one with me?! Listen, Barry, I know we were all best friends when I didn't know any better but fair warning: I will not go easy on you. I will not hold back. I will knock you out! Believe me, you're going to get hurt once that bell rings. Between the two of us, Barry, I'm the Alpha Male here! I'm the man!"
Rick Reigns dropped the mic and the crowd chanted for their champion, while he posed, flexed his large muscles and had Courtney fondle him even more, trying to intimidate me. It wasn't going to work. I picked up the microphone from the floor and only had one thing to say:
"They call me Baron, now. Baron Buff!"
I, immediately, disrobed, revealing my silver trunks, black boots and flaunted my bigger, thicker, muscular body. I flexed my biceps to show I was stronger. My 6-Pack Abs put the champ's own to shame. And of course, Courtney couldn't help but eye my well endowed package! For once, it didn't seem like she'd be too upset if her man was finally beaten; as she had stopped rubbing his big meat stick and Rick had long since stopped his posing. I convinced myself I broke his spirit!
A lovely female referee, clad in a tiny Zebra print thong bikini, came bouncing to the ring to make the match official. Her name was Athena, and while Courtney had the larger chest, she clearly had the biggest ass I'd ever seen! I winked at our ref as she walked past me and took Ruben Reigns' championship belt and rose it high in the air! Courtney exited the ring and went back to her man's corner. The bell had dinged and the match began!
Rick Reigns was well known for his fast, flurries of punches but tonight he couldn't get a hit in! I dodged everything he threw at me; and counter punched away at his abdomen. I wanted to break his ribs into pieces and take all his air away. I wanted Rick to suffer before I put him down for the count tonight! The champ was getting pummeled and had no choice but to run from me; throwing wild punches and just missing wildly all the same. The hot crowd was now actually starting to turn on Rick and were booing his cowardice. Backed into a corner ring post, the battered and tired champion had nowhere to hide now; the fear sank in his eyes as he saw me close in. His body staggered as I pounded onto his ribs, his face and his chiseled stomach. It seemed he could barely stand as I went for the knock out punch! But then...
Courtney had enough and jiggled her way into the ring; blocking me from ending Rick's reign of terror! She yelled and demanded first; then pleaded with me not to finish off her man. Athena struggled to get her out of the way, but Courtney would not budge! Finally, I let my guard down and let Rick off the hook, realizing I could embarrass him even further. I asked for a microphone, while the champ collected his wits, and spoke:
"It's obvious you can't knock me out, Rick; and it's obvious that if it wasn't for that little goddess right there, you'd be unconscious right now--so what we're going to do is simply have a little contest: we're going to see who the REAL Alpha Male is! We're going to see who the REAL man is! We're going to see, once and for all, who has the biggest dick: Rick Reigns or Baron Buff?! Winner takes all! Now come on, let's end this so I can humiliate you some more and fuck that dripping wet pussy your girl can't hide!"
Courtney blushed, confirming I had her soaking wet and the crowd really came to life and let loose now!--in mere moments they'd know which of us had the superior Monster Cock! Rick, now, practically smiling, as if he thinks this is the one and only way he could ever beat me! Rick Reigns orders his Courtney to drop to her knees, where she pulls down the trunks of the Heavyweight Champion of the World, and out comes his thick, meaty, 8 1/2 inch stone heavy dick! Rick flexes his muscles as Courtney starts to kiss the champ's cock; licking it from all sides and making every woman in the arena completely jealous! The champ has Athena bring him back his microphone, so that he can get his final words in tonight. Rick Reigns had won the challenge...or so he thought! The crowd chanted his name as he spoke:
"Mmm--nothing like the most beautiful woman in the world, sucking on the biggest dick in the universe! I warned you, Baron: you are no match for the champ! I lured you into a false sense of security and now you're a loser, just like the rest of these chumps that faced me! You were never going to win! I AM THE ULTIMATE MALE!"
In the midst of his undermining me, Rick Reigns hadn't noticed one thing: I wasn't at all impressed. I wasn't worried. In fact, it was Courtney who noticed this first, as she stopped pleasuring her man and watched as I tore apart my own silver tights! Her mouth dropped and her eyes widened as my 16 inch Steel Snake came out to play! I was much longer. I was way thicker. I was simply bigger than Rick could ever wish to be! Humiliated and enraged, the champ charged at me, but I was prepared and too fast: one uppercut later, and Rick was on the canvas for the first time in his career! The audience went silent for a minute, then roared in approval. Baron Buff replaced Rick Reign chants. Our gorgeous referee, Athena, started the count:
"1! 2! 3! 4!"
Courtney picked up the fifteen pound, golden title belt and walked toward me...
"5! 6! 7! 8!"
Courtney's tiny pink bikini top suddenly comes off; her 52-DD's are free and ready to be licked, sucked, fucked!
"9! 10!"
Athena throws an X in the air, and signals to the time keeper that not only has Rick Reigns been knocked out, but he's injured and unconscious! This match is finished and Rick Reigns undefeated streak is over! Athena announces to the world:
"Ladies and gentleman, the winner of the match, by knock out, AND NEW UNDISPUTED HEAVYWEIGHT CHAMPION OF THE WORLD--Baron Buff!"
Courtney has now made her way over to her champ and wraps MY title around my waist, fondling my superior cock as she clamps the belt securely on and offers me:
"I believe this title is yours now, baby. And so am I!"
And with that, Courtney dropped to her knees, put her new bigger champ's bigger dick between her massive breasts and began to suck on my Monster Cock, while I Titty Fucked her in the middle of the ring! Courtney soon realized that unlike her last lover, she couldn't handle every inch I had to offer; and soon, she found herself gagging on my hard as steel manhood! I was almost expecting her to pass out! It was then that I noticed Rick barely waking up from his defeat, and I was more than delighted when the first thing he saw was Courtney choking on my streak-ending penis! Now it was my turn to return the favor to all of Rick's taunting; as I flexed my muscles, showing off my superior body, and cumming all over Courtney's titties and face! But my championship cock wasn't through yet!
I marched over to my fallen foe, lifted him up with ease and tied Rick Reigns in the ring ropes. Next, I motioned for Courtney to come back to her new man, which she was more than happy to do; crawling over to me; her pussy juice dripping, staining the canvas. I also called for Athena, who was a little shocked, but jiggled her way to the champ! Once both girls arrived, I grabbed the former champion by his chin, and boasted, "You're gonna watch me fuck these two goddesses and find out what a REAL man looks like!" Rick Reigns did the unthinkable and started crying, like a bitch, as Courtney and Athena took turns kissing and licking my 16 inch steel pipe! They got it nice and wet; sticky with their saliva; and in return, both of their perfect and tight pussies drooled; their tiny G-Strings were drenched! It was time to put the last nail in Rick Reigns' coffin: it was time to fuck these two beauties on live Pay Per View!
I motioned for my two worshipers to stop pleasuring me with their mouths and while they were disappointed, their spirits picked up once they knew what I had planned next: I picked up Courtney, tore her G-Sting off and proceeded to pound her pussy like only the champ could! She now moaned, screamed and came as my Monster Cock invaded her overwhelmed pussy and I only had one question for the satisfied Courtney: Who's the man?! Which she quickly replied:
"You are, Baron! Ooo! Baby, you're the man! Oh, my god! Ooo! You're more of a man than Rick will ever be! Your cock is so big! Ooo! Baby! Rick never fucked me like this! Ooo! Love, you make me cum without trying! Fuck me harder, champ!"
I detached from Courtney; her cum still on my erect powerhouse and grabbed the embarrassed Rick Reigns by the neck now and taunted: "Did you hear that punk? Did you hear what MY woman just said?! She said I'M THE MAN! I'M THE ALPHA MALE! I'M THE BIG DICK HUNK THAT MAKES HER CUM!" and with that, I gave him one last muscular flex, pulled my arm back and launched a straight right hook into his humiliated face, knocking him even more loopy, over the ropes, and onto the floor; unconscious for the second time tonight!
My goddesses each raised one of my shredded arms in triumph, as I took turns, alternating between sucking on their mammoth titties. Athena, hornier than ever, was bold enough to ask the champ: "You fucked Courtney's brains out. What about me, Baron? Don't you want to stick that thick anaconda in my ass? I promise I can take it, baby. Don't you wanna fuck me too, champ?" I pulled the beauty with the thick, big ass close to me, and whispered:
"You're coming home with me, Athena, and the Big Dick Champ is going to tear your ass up!"..