The Trailer Park: The Second Year
A Story in the Wynter/Trailer Park Universe
by Wizard
Copyright© 2006 by Wizard

Chapter 13

I knocked on the door and waited. Inside, I heard some rustling, but that was it.

I knocked again.

"Wha... who... come in."

I opened the door and stepped inside. Even covered by blankets, Tami looked beautiful lying in my bed.

"Good morning. It's ten-thirty, if you care. I just need to get some things. I'm meeting Robbie in ten minutes."

As I turned to my dresser and started digging out a set of clean clothes, Tami asked, "Where are we going?"

I ignored the self-issued invitation, turned back to her, and smiled, "Mr. Post's vacant lot."

A few minutes later, Tami came out dressed in dressed in white jeans, with a black turtleneck sweater.

My cock stirred. I reminded it to behave before saying, "Looking good. Very good."

Tami smiled and curtsied.

I opened the front door for her, and we were greeted by a blanket of white over everything. Almost unbroken except for the single trail of footprints leading to Dad's idling car.

I opened the back door of the car for her. She slid in and over, but I closed the door and climbed into the front. Dad gave me one of those looks. I just smiled and looked out the fogged up windshield.

Dad took the hint, put the car in drive, and we headed for Robbie's place. Robbie lived with her dad about half-a-mile from the trailer park. The house was an old-time farm house that was big enough for a family with a dozen kids, but Robbie lived there with just her dad. He said he'd gotten a deal. Robbie said if she found anybody acceptable, she planned to keep boyfriends chained in the empty rooms, though she promised to feed and water them regularly. Having known Robbie for three months, it wasn't hard to imagine a cute guy wearing an iron collar and chained to the bed.

Dad pulled up in front and Robbie came running out before he could even take the car out of gear. Robbie surveyed the seating situation and climbed in back with Tami.

"So where are we going?" she asked as Dad pulled back onto the road.

I turned to look at Robbie and said, "Mr. Post's vacant lot."

"Who's Mr. Post and why does he have a vacant lot?"

"Mr. Post is one of my neighbors. And he has a vacant lot for the same reason your dad has a fourteen room house."

"He got a deal," Robbie and I said together, then started laughing. From the corner of my eye, I saw Tami give Robbie a less than friendly look.

"So why do we care about his vacant lot?"

"Well, Mr. Ed got a really bad deal."

"I thought his name was Mr. Post?"

"It is. His first name is Ed, and since the guy who owned the talking horse was named Post, I call him Mr. Ed."

"I'll bet he appreciates that," Tami said, speaking for the first time.

"Most of the time," I agreed. "Anyway, the lot Mr. Ed owns is about six hundred feet long and two hundred feet wide."

"I'm missing something."

"Me too," Tami chimed in.

"One end of the lot is about fifty feet higher than the other," I explained. "And the whole thing is fenced. A very high fence."

I turned in the seat and looked back. Both girls looked blank; then Robbie smiled big-time. "Virgin snow."

"Bingo."

"But if it's fenced... ?" Tami asked.

"I've got a key."

Tami looked her question at me.

"When he was in Vermont in November, I fed his dogs and cats."

We played in the snow for almost three hours. Over the last month, while waiting for a good snow, I'd brought up a couple of sleds, a toboggan, and some plastic trash can lids, and now we put them to use.

I think the trash can lids were my favorite. We'd hold the lids and get a running start, then hurl ourselves down the hill, landing on the lids and skimming the snow to the bottom. Unless we crashed, but that was fun too.

Around two I called a halt and we trudged to the shack near the gate. It was only ten by ten and looked ready to fall down, but inside it kept the wind and cold out and the heat in. There was a large wood stove, and I'd stoked it up when we first got there, so now the shack was nice and toasty.

I'd packed lunch in my backpack. I hadn't had time to make another sandwich for Tami, but that just meant that I ate one sandwich instead of two. I had put in another Coke, so we all had drinks.

We were sitting in a semi-circle in front of the stove with Robbie on my right and Tami on my left. Robbie got up, crossed in front of me, and went to the only window. I admired the view in here as Robbie admired the view outside. Robbie was wearing jeans and a long-sleeved pink-and-white t-shirt.

I decided that pink wasn't Robbie's color. It looked good on her, but wrong. Pink was a girl's color. Not that Robbie wasn't a girl; she definitely was. It's just that pink was soft and feminine. Not that Robbie wasn't soft, just... Hell, pink just wasn't her color.

"It's so beautiful. Especially the parts we haven't trashed."

"We missed some?" I asked sarcastically.

Robbie turned and stuck her tongue out at me, then turned back. "I wish it was like this all the time."

"Spoken like someone who's never had to shovel a sidewalk."

Robbie turned, started to stick her tongue out at me again, then nodded instead. "I suppose that's true."

As Robbie walked back to her chair I snared her and pulled her onto my lap. Then I pressed my face to hers, my lips opening and my tongue pushing into her mouth. She didn't struggle, and her lips parted and our tongues wrestled.

When I'd grabbed her, one of my hands wound up on her butt, purely accidental but I left it there. Now my other hand settled on her left tit, and I discovered that she hadn't bothered with a bra this morning.

We stayed like that, except her tongue wrestled it's way into my mouth. My hands gently massaged her tit and ass, and I could feel her nipple get harder against my palm.

"Would you two like to be alone?" asked a sarcastic voice from my left.

I pulled away from Robbie, long enough to say, "Please," and then started nibbling her neck. A minute later the door slammed.

"I think you went too far. She's mad," Robbie said as I kissed the juncture between her neck and shoulder.

"I'm not," I said and dropped my head down to kiss her other tit through her t-shirt.

"You're not?" Robbie's hand stroked the back of my head.

"Nope. The world's a great place and I'm glad I live here." I kissed her tit again. "I wouldn't live anywhere else."

"You're weird."

"If you're just figuring that out, you're a lot slower than I thought you were." I switched my hands so that my left hand now cupped her tit, my thumb gently teasing her nipple, and my right hand dropped down onto her thigh.

"What about Tami?"

"What about Tami?" I repeated and kissed her tit again, this time holding her nipple between my lips and sucking. Cotton is not my favorite flavor, but what the hell?

"I don't want to come between you." Robbie sounded like it was a struggle to talk, and I wondered if she was suppressing a moan.

"Nobody's come between us." I moved my right hand closer to the promised land.

"But I don't want..."

"Would you shut up and kiss me?" I asked and pressed my lips to hers again. My left hand, well trained, slid down her side, under her shirt, and back to her breast. I couldn't believe how hot her skin seemed. How alive.

As my palm rubbed against her stiff little nipple she arched suddenly, and her hips bucked forward against my hand. Then she sagged back. My hand settled on the crotch of her jeans, and I wondered if she'd just had an orgasm.

"Sweet Jesus," she moaned as we broke apart. "That was good."

Yes it was, I silently agreed as I pressed my hand harder against her crotch. I couldn't feel anything through the stiff denim, but hopefully she could.

"I was warned about you."

"Who would warn you about me? And why would you need a warning?"

"Allie. When I told her that you come over to my house sometimes to throw the football around, she suggested that I wear my pads. Now why would she do that, I wonder?"

"Cheerleaders. Different wave length all together."

"But what about Tami? She..."

"You're not our problem."

"But... Peter King!"

"He's not the problem either. Would you focus. I'm trying to seduce you here."

"Is that what you're doing?" she asked coyly.

"I hadn't realized I was being too subtle." I lifted her shirt and sucked her nipple into my mouth. Definitely tasted better without the cotton filter.

"But, you and Tami... I thought... for..." The last word trailed off into another soft moan, but I thought it was forever.

I sat up and sighed heavily. Part for effect and part from exasperation. "Nobody came between me and Tami. It just happens. I believe that for a relationship to work, there has to be trust. Anything else can be fixed, but there has to be trust. All I'm going to say is that our relationship isn't working anymore."

I could see Robbie's mind working behind her eyes. When she was about to speak I added, "And anything else really isn't your business."

Robbie clamped her mouth shut and glared at me for a few seconds, then smiled and nodded

I kissed her and debated between getting my mouth back on her tit or going for the zipper of her jeans.

"I do have to say one more thing."

I sighed again and nodded.

"You do realize that your friend is standing outside, cold and miserable and probably slowly freezing to death?"

"Party pooper." I stood and lowered Robbie to the ground. I watched as her shirt fell and covered that perky little tit.

"I'll call Dad to come get us. He gave me his cell. After we drop Tami off, maybe he'll let me go back to your house."

"And why would you want to come to my house?"

"We can play football."

"With or without pads?"

"Ladies' choice," I said with a half bow and a click of my heels. "Or something else."

"Something else?"

"I hear wrestling can be fun."

Robbie nodded, then frowned. "She'll know."

"Probably."

"Tony Sims, sometimes I'm not sure you're nice."

"Roberta Elizabeth Marie Tate, sometimes I'm not sure myself."


Chapter 14

I couldn't believe how beautiful she looked lying there.

Her red hair was splayed, if that's the word, around her head on the pillow. One strand lay down her body, partially covering her left nipple and her belly button. A small diamond of hair, slightly darker than the copper of her head, seemed to point the way to her pussy, thick lips that seemed to invite me forward. The entrance to nirvana.

So why did the only Italian phrase I know beside 'ciao' pop into my head, 'Lasciate ogne speranza, voi ch'intrate', 'Abandon hope, All ye who enter here'? Still, that was better than the only Latin phrase I knew, 'Nos morituri te salutamus', 'We who are about to die salute you.'

She was even more beautiful than Tami, if that was possible. Sexier than Alana. And she was lying there, naked and waiting for me.

I stepped forward from the doorway, conscious of my cock swaying as I walked, wondering how it looked to her. Silly? Intimidating? She smiled a half-smile as she waited. Inscrutable.

I knelt on the foot of her bed and knee-walked forward between those muscley but beautiful thighs. I fell forward on my hands, suspended over her, my cock brushing the lips of her pussy.

"Damn, I want you," I murmured as I looked down at her.

Her green eyes seemed to sparkle as she reached up and wrapped her arms around me, pulling me down. I felt my cock push at the entrance to bliss, and I... I... I thrust downward and my cock grazed along her pussy and nestled between her legs as I lay upon her. I kissed her heavily.

Her eyes sparkled, dancing with an inner light as she kissed back, her tongue probing forward into my mouth and entwining with my own.

I don't know how long we stayed like that. It seemed like forever, but it wasn't long enough. She rolled me onto my back, rolling with me, lying on me. When she broke the kiss, she laughed.

"I think you missed."

"I didn't miss. I..." It's hard to explain something you don't understand yourself.

Robbie sat up, so that my cock was imprisoned between her butt cheeks and my legs. She looked down at me. And looked right thru me.

"You've never done it with anybody but Tami." It wasn't a question, just a hard statement of fact.

"I..."

"I don't believe it."

What did she want? I was only thirteen, How many girls did she think I'd been with? "I..."

"Hush," she said, laying her forefinger on my lips. "I wasn't making fun of your manhood."

I wish girls would stop reading my mind. It's not fair; I can't read theirs.

"I can't believe it," she repeated. "I finally find a guy I want to go all the way with, and he has a one-girl cock."

"You're a virgin?" I stared up at her in disbelief.

"You don't have to be that shocked." She grinned. "I know I come off as worldly. I just never met a guy before that I wanted to go the extra step with."

"But you looked so calm, so, hell I don't know. So ready."

"I was ready. I decided months ago, the day I met you, in fact, that you could have my cherry. And today, when you were getting ready to, uh, do me, I figured that it would either be good or be bad. If it was bad, then I could experiment and figure out if it was you or me."

I blinked. I knew that Robbie could be analytical, but...

"Do you want to talk about it?" she asked.

I couldn't help it. I laughed. And as I laughed, I felt my cock relax, despite the pressure of her ass against it. "Somehow, I don't think it would be appropriate. I mean, I'm naked. You're naked. You're sitting on my cock. Do you really think it's the best time to talk about my girlfriend troubles?"

"Ah ha!"

"Ah ha?"

"So you admit that she's your girlfriend?"

"Uh, yeah."

"Still your girlfriend." Again it wasn't a question.

I thought about it. It had seemed so natural to call her my girlfriend. That was how I thought about her. What the hell did that mean? "I guess."

"So let's talk about it."

"It's private." My cock had relaxed completely. There was a beautiful naked girl sitting on it, and it had gone from attention to at ease. Not even a semi-erect parade rest.

"I'm sitting on your cock. I think we can talk about private things."

"Would you stop reading my mind!" I snapped.

Robbie grinned, smiled knowingly, but didn't promise.

"Lets see," she mused. "Yesterday, you were your normal Tony-self, in love with Tami and the world. Today, you were different. The way you treated Tami, that was cold. In both senses of the word."

"You were there too," I accused.

"She's not my girlfriend," she pointed out. "I like blondes."

A picture of Robbie on this bed with Miranda Watkins popped into my head.

She smirked at me. "So how many girls did you just pick for me?"

I swear, in the future I'm picking girlfriends with zero telepathic ability.

"We're getting off the subject," she said after a few seconds. "Something happened between the end of school yesterday and picking me up today. I'm guessing that something was the dance."

She seemed to be studying me, so I kept my face neutral.

"Or something that happened after the dance?"

Neutral. No expression. Think about football.

"Okay, something after the dance. Tami made out with King?"

Totally neutral. It's none of her business. Think about algebra. That's it.

"Damn, she fucked him!"

"Would you stop that! It's between Tami and Peter."

"And you."

"It's none of your business."

"That's true," she agreed. "But you're not mad about her fucking King."

"Of course I am."

"A little, but that's not the problem."

"And just when did you get your degree in psychology?"

"When Mom started fucking around on Dad," she said, a little coldly, her mouth a tight line.

"I'm sorry. I didn't know."

She smiled again. "That's okay, they didn't either. They thought they kept it all hidden from the kid."

I reached up and started massaging her nipple between my thumb and forefinger. "You can do that all day," she moaned and shifted her hips so that my limp little worm pressed against the underside of her slit instead of her ass. "But that doesn't answer the question: if you're not mad at Tami for fucking around, why are you mad at her?"

"She doesn't fuck around," I snapped.

"Just once?"

I nodded.

"So why are you mad?"

"I'm not mad."

"You do a great imitation. You treated her like a piece of dog shit on the bottom of your shoe."

"I... It wasn't that bad."

Robbie arched an eyebrow.

"I'm not mad," I repeated.

"Does Tami know why you're not mad at her?"

"Of course she does."

That damn eyebrow again. It was almost as bad as the mind reading.

Dumb girls, that was the answer. Girls wrapped up in themselves. My next girlfriend would be dumb and insensitive. That would solve all the problems.

"So why does Tami think you're not mad at her?"

"She knows what she did. She... it's between her and me."

I halfway expected her to put her hand on my temple and start the Vulcan mind-meld, but she nodded, apparently satisfied.

I relaxed.

"She lied," I blurted out.

"Is that all?"

I dropped my hand away from her tit. "I don't like liars."

Robbie looked down, hesitated, then nodded.

I decided to forget all about it and eat some pussy. I was going to teach Robbie the definition of multiple orgasm.

"I knew a liar once," I said, almost whispering. "He hurt a lot of people." I closed my eyes. "There was a girl, Emily. He told her that he loved her and only her. But she heard him tell the same thing to Jessica. He lied to his parents, his teachers. Because he was smart, he got away with it, too."

I opened my eyes and looked up at Robbie. She was being inscrutable again.

I closed my eyes. "Last year, before I moved here, during the summer, he told a lie that almost killed a friend of mine. He was supposed to go straight home after school, but instead went to the arcade for an hour. When he got home, he told his parents that he and Luke had gone to Luke's house and did some homework. A little later, Luke's dad called looking for Luke because he wasn't home and was told that he'd already been home after school.

"Since Luke had already gone home, nobody looked for him in the construction site next to the school. He'd fallen off a scaffold and they didn't find him until morning. He almost died."

"That's terrible."

I opened my eyes again. "No, what's terrible is the look my parents gave me afterwards. What's terrible was looking in the mirror and seeing a liar. Seeing someone who thought he was above the rules and could lie to keep himself out of trouble. What's terrible is knowing that I almost killed my friend."

"Tony, you were, what, eleven?"

I nodded.

"We all make mistakes. That's what makes us who we are."

"Maybe, but when she lied to me, something... something... just died."

"I understand."

I nodded, knowing that she did.

"But does she?"

"She knows what she did. She knows she lied about it."

"But does she know that you know she lied? Maybe she thinks you're..." she grinned, "... not mad because she fucked Peter the Prick."

"Of course she knows I..."

Damn! She was cocking that eyebrow again. Maybe Tami didn't know.

"And I was never mad. I was... disappointed."

"Have you ever told her that story? Does she know how you feel about lying?"

I swallowed. "I've never told anyone that story. I try to pretend it was somebody else."

"It was."

"No, it was me. I can't escape that."

"No, it was Tony the eleven-year-old. I never knew him, and I'm glad. Sounds like a jerk. But I know Tony the thirteen-year-old. And he's a hell of a guy. He got me on the football team, not by lying but by bending the truth a little bit."

"A lot. I don't think I'm above the rules, but sometimes the rules get in the way of what's right." I grinned. "Lady, you talk too much."

Before she could answer, I rolled over and got her on her back. Then my mouth found her pussy. My tongue separated those big puffy pussy lips, and I tasted her essence.

"Can I ask one more question?"

"I'm a little busy here," I said and then drove my tongue back into her slit.

"What's the statue of limitations on lying."

I laughed into her pussy, then lifted my face up and looked at her. The look on her face told me that she knew exactly the difference between statue and statute.

I decided to punish her.

Five orgasms in a row.


Chapter 15

I sat on a log by the frozen lake, watching as Robbie pulled off her sweater. She wore nothing underneath, and the cold had made her nipples stiff and hard. The fire between us barely warmed me.

On the lake, Tami skated, ignoring us.

Robbie dropped to her knees and scooted around the fire and between my legs. She slowly pulled the zipper on my jeans, and my cotton encased dick pushed up through the opening. Robbie grinned at me and then stroked it with her thumb.

She opened the top of my jeans, and Big Tony stood up a little more, pressing against the restraining underwear. Robbie wrapped her hand around the shaft, her thumb on the head just under the waistband. Her other hand slid into my jeans and cupped my balls.

I leaned my shoulders back, my face to the sky, and enjoyed the sensation.

On the lake, Tami did a kind of jumping, spinning thing. I think they call it a lutz.

Robbie pulled down my jeans and underwear. I lifted my ass to help, then sat back on the log and almost screamed. Note to self: frozen logs are cold and shouldn't be sat on by naked butts.

Robbie's hand encircled my cock. Her hand was cold, and the feeling was painful and wonderful at the same time. Second note to self: think about restricting outdoor sex to summer months. Maybe fall and spring.

On the lake, Tami was circling, gathering speed. I saw her push high in the air and spin twice before landing. A double lutz. Tami faltered, but I ignored her.

Robbie was breathing on the head of my cock, and her hot breath felt wonderful. I almost shot my load right then. Her tongue flicked out and touched the tip of my cock.

On the lake, Tami fell to her knees, and then the ice cracked and she was in the water.

I grabbed the back of Robbie's head and pulled her forward, letting her mouth engulf my cock. It felt so warm. The contrast from the frigid air made it better.

Tami clawed at the edge of the ice but couldn't hold on. Her water-sogged clothing pulled her back and down into the icy water.

Robbie's lips closed on the base of my shaft and she sucked gently as she pulled her head back until my cock pulled out of her mouth. She looked up at me, "You know she's going down for the third time?"

I pulled her head forward, and her mouth engulfed me again. I felt sperm surge through my cock and spray her throat. "I'm busy here. I'll worry about her later."

As my cock pumped again I looked at the lake and watched as Tami's arm sank into the hole in the ice.

I didn't scream. But I woke panting and drenched in sweat. What the hell kind of dream was that?

I looked at my clock. A little after eight. Good. I'd gone to bed about four after watching movies all night. Four hours sleep. What more did a growing boy need?

I got up and dressed.

Mom and Dad had already left for work. Traci was evidently still asleep. I made a note that I still hadn't picked out a Christmas present for her, and the days were trickling away.

Outside, another inch of snow had fallen during the night. And the lightly falling snow had almost filled in the impressions of my parent's footsteps. I walked to Tami's house, enjoying the feeling of snow crunching beneath my feet.

At Tami's house I noticed that her mom was already gone. I walked up on the porch, brushed the snow out of my hair, and knocked. After a minute, I knocked again, louder. I waited another minute and knocked a third time.

"Coming," I heard from deep in the house.

Tami opened the door a crack and peeked out.

"Could you get dressed and come out? We need to talk."

Tami pulled the door open. She was wearing a red t-shirt that came to her upper thighs and a blue terrycloth bathrobe that she hadn't tied closed. "You can come in."

"I think it would be better if we went for a walk."

Tami nodded. "I'll just be a minute." She left the door open in invitation, but I stayed on the porch.

One thing I'll give Tami: when she says just a minute, she means it. I don't think it was a full minute before she was back in the living room, wearing a grey sweater and a pair of jeans. She sat on the sofa and pulled on a pair of fur lined boots. I envied her. I was wearing tennis shoes, and my feet, with two pairs of socks, were already cold.

"Where to?" she asked as she pulled her door closed.

"Want to walk to the store?"

She nodded, and we started the journey.

We walked in silence through the park, but as we turned onto the highway I said, "I saw you with Peter King."

From the corner of my eye I saw Tami looking down at her feet as we trudged through the snow. We were almost to the store, before she decided to speak.

"I thought maybe you did. I mean, I saw the note after he left, but I thought maybe I hadn't noticed it when we came home because we were..."

"Yeah."

"I'm sorry. It was stupid. That's why you were mad?"

"I wasn't mad."

"But, yesterday you acted like... then you and Robbie?"

"I was horrible yesterday. You didn't deserve that."

"I... yes I did."

"No, you didn't. And even if you did, I shouldn't have acted like that. It's... it's not who I am."

"I'm sorry that Peter and I..."

I held up my hand to stop her as a wind kicked up and swirled snow around us. "It's not about Peter."

"But..."

"Tami, I wouldn't get mad if you fu..." I couldn't say it. "If you had sex with Peter, the basketball team, and all your teachers."

"Yuck."

"I wouldn't like it, but I'd accept it. Hell, you bring me young girls to molest. And read magazines while I do it. This is not a normal relationship."

"You don't molest them. You make them feel good. And normal is boring. This is us."

"Well, it wasn't the fu... the sex that bothered me. You lied about it. I shouldn't have asked, but when I did, you could have told me to mind my own business. Hell, you could have told me to fuck off. But you sat there and lied."

"I... I didn't want to hurt you."

"It hurt more when you lied than if you'd told me all the gory details. 'It's so big. I've never seen one so big.'"

Tami looked at me, white-faced, then looked back at her feet, almost covered by the swirling snow since we'd stopped. "It wasn't really. I mean I've only seen two, except babies'. And yours is..."

"Not the point. And your credibility at the moment isn't that high. You lied to me."

"Tony listen." She put her hands on my arms and looked me straight in the eye. "It was stupid. Going to the dance was stupid. It was like going to a middle school dance, only with older kids around. Then Peter drove me home, and we parked by the pool, and he started kissing me. I was... not thrilled, but... damn... flattered. I was flattered that a high school guy, a sophomore with a cool car and everything, wanted to take me to the dance. Wanted to kiss me.

"He noticed that my house was all dark, and I told him that Mom wouldn't be home until late, and he kind of just invited himself in. I never planned it, but somehow we were in my bedroom, and he was going to fuck me."

"I hope you enjoyed yourself," I said sarcastically.

"No. No, that's not true. A little. But it wasn't like with you. I'm not trying to flatter you and tell you what a great lover you are, but I didn't care about Peter, and that made a difference. Then Peter came, then Peter was gone."

"I came out in the living room and saw your note. For a minute I panicked. Then I decided that you'd left it earlier and I hadn't noticed. Then I sat next to you and lied because I didn't want to tell you how stupid I'd been. I didn't want to hurt you."

"Lying hurt. I've got a thing about lying and liars."

"I've noticed," she said with a shiver.

"Come on," I led her into the store, and we bought donuts and warmed up.

On the way home I told her my story in more detail than I'd given Robbie.

At my house I took her hand and led her to the door. "We'll wake Traci and have breakfast."

At the door she stopped and turned me until we were face to face.

"Tony are we... ?"

"Tami, we'll always be friends. Best friends. Right now, I don't know if it can be anything more."


Chapter 16

How can my heart sink through the floor while my body stays here?

"What did you say?"

Jerry looked uncomfortable. Very uncomfortable. "I just figured you two were over, what with... everything."

"I asked what you said?"

My fists clenched unconsciously, though I'd never hit Jerry.

"I said the word all over school is that Tami's been fucking and sucking with some high school guy." Jerry looked like his fight or flight response was ready to kick into overdrive.

I forced my hands to flatten and slowly lifted one and clapped Jerry on the back. "No way. It's just talk."

Jerry grinned. "I heard it was a senior."

I guessed the grapevine was working in full force.

"Nah."

"Do you suppose, now that you and she are history, she'd go out with me?"

Jerry really shouldn't say things like that when my hand is that close to his neck. Before I could crush his Adam's apple, Robbie walked up. I think she saw the tension in my face because she removed my hand from Jerry's back and wrapped my arm around her waist.

"I take it you've heard."

"That Tami's been making the beast with two backs with an unknown senior."

My hand was on her waist and she put her hand on top of mine. "I've heard several names mentioned, but Peter King's several times. Chrissy Farmer says that she heard King telling her brother all about it. They're in the same class you know."

I felt my fingers digging into her side and forced them to relax.

The bell for first period rang. This was going to be a hell of a first day back.

"If it's any consolation. He says she was fantastic."

"No, that's not a consolation."

Robbie caught up to me before third period.

"Don't make any plans for after school. You've got an appointment."

"You know, I'm a big boy now. I can schedule my own life."

"Are you male?"

I nodded.

"You need help." She gave me a quick kiss on the cheek and was gone.

Robbie was standing in line at the cafeteria when I saw her again. I walked up behind her, wrapped my forearm around her neck, and pulled her out of line. Not an easy task; she was almost as strong as me.

"Do I, by any chance, get to know what my appointment is?"

"No. And by the way, sarcasm doesn't work for you. You're not the type."

"And you are?" Robbie gave me the kind of look usually reserved for the feeble-minded or particularly slow children.

"Did you hear about Tami?" she asked.

I shook my head.

"She went home after second period. Said she was sick."

"Fuck!" I said softly.

I was waiting outside the gym when the bell rang at the end of sixth period and managed to cut Robbie out of the herd of eighth grade girls. "Come on, we have to catch Kelly," I said as I directed her down the hall toward the front doors.

"Who's Kelly? Why do we have to catch him or her? And how the hell did you get from math to the gym before the bell rang?"

"Kelly is Kelly Dubrey, and she's an eighth grader and probably the smartest girl in the county."

"I thought I was."

"Smart in different ways. Kelly's a genius in math. And Mrs. Walters likes me."

"What's that got to do with Kelly?"

"Nothing, but that's how I got to the gym before the bell rang. She let me go a couple of minutes early."

"And why do I want to see Kelly?"

I shook my head. "Short term memory loss. Effects a lot of geniuses. I just told you."

Robbie glared at me.

I ignored the glare. "By the way, how did you like spending the night at my house with Tami and me? You know, the night of the dance?"

"I didn't..."

"There's that short term memory loss again. I guess you can be too smart for your own good."

Another glare, this one verging on a laser beam.

"Hi, Kelly," I said, in the hope of escaping with my life.

"Hi, Tony." Kelly Dubrey was very short, not surprising when you consider she was eleven. She had mousy brown hair that never behaved. Kind of cute though. I made a note to see if Robbie or Tami might give her a few pointers.

"You still got a couple of classes at the high school?"

Kelly giggled. "You know I do. Analytical geometry and physics. I'm waiting for my ride now."

"Want to do me a big favor?"

"Anything," she said slightly breathlessly.

I decided that I needed to be careful in my attentions or I could have a genius in my little harem. And I got in enough trouble with just smart girls.

"There's a kid over there whose been spreading rumors. Peter King's been saying that he fu... that he had sex with Tami Sharp."

"You can say fuck. I'm not a little kid." She looked so adorable saying that with her little fists on her hips.

"Sorry."

"It's not true?"

"Of course not. You know Tami."

"I didn't think she'd do that."

"King's been saying that they did it at her house after the dance. But after the dance, Tami came over to my house--her mom was out of town--and spent the night with Robbie and me. That is, they got my bed and I got the damned couch. This is Robbie Tate, by the way."

"Hi," they said together.

Kelly gave Robbie a wide-eyed look of admiration. "I saw you play football. How'd you learn to throw like that?"

"Just comes naturally."

"I wish it did for me. I may flunk P.E."

"Maybe you and I could work on it sometime."

"That'd be cool." A van pulled up out front and honked it's horn. "Got to run."

We watched her run through the doors and down the steps.

"You just lied you know."

"Through my teeth," I agreed.

"You know, part of growing up is realizing that life isn't absolutes."

"And how would you know?"

"Haven't you heard? Girls mature faster than boys."

I hate when they say that.

I was standing by the side door, saying goodbye to some friends as they grabbed buses. Robbie came up behind me. "Come on, you've got an appointment."

At almost the same second, Paula jumped off the bus in front of me. "You've got to get out of here. Peter King's looking for you."

"In a minute," I told one. "Can't, got an appointment," I told the other.

"You Sims?" I didn't recognize the voice, but I knew it was Peter King.

"Last time I checked," I said turning around. King was standing behind me. He stood about three inches taller than me and about thirty pounds heavier. And none of that was fat. He'd started for the varsity and set a school record for quarterback sacks.

"I hear you've been calling me a liar."

"Did you say you slept with Tami?"

"Yeah."

"Then I called you a liar." I knew King hadn't had the benefit of my sleeping with/sex lecture. But I figured I was still telling the truth.

"I fucked her brains out."

"Still had all her brains the next day. Besides, Tami spent the night at my house. You can ask my mom if you need too."

On the step of the bus, Paula was shaking her head vigorously.

I ignored Paula. "I've heard that a lot of the guys at the high school, when they can't find a girl to put out, make stuff up."

I saw the fist as it swung toward my face, but there just wasn't time to do anything about it. His fist hit the side of my face. I felt like every one of his fingers left a dent in my jaw. I felt my mouth fill up with something salty, and I spit just as his second fist slammed into my chest.

The air pushed out of my lungs, and I fought to breathe as he swung again. His fist connected with my head, just above my ear. It wasn't just bells I heard; it was god damned Notre Dame. The Paris one. I went down to one knee.

I looked up at Peter. I felt the blood filling my mouth again and spat to the side.

"That was three. I figure we're even. We're done."

I struggled to my feet.

Peter laughed. It was not a pleasant sound. "I'll tell you when we're done. And it ain't yet."

Peter stepped forward, his hands becoming fists again. I swung weakly at his head with my right fist. He blocked easily. Then I kicked his knee as hard as I could with my left foot. He screamed and as he started to go down, I drove my right fist as hard as I could into his balls.

Yeah, not really fair, but my grand-pap once told me, "If somebody else starts a fight you don't want, you don't have to play by his rules." I figure that since I don't want to fight, if I have to I'll make sure the guy never wants to do it again.

Peter was lying on the ground, his hands cupping his crotch. At least he wasn't leaking blood. I spat again. I staggered toward the door of the school. Robbie rushed to me, supporting me. "Are you okay?"

"Yeah." I spat again, my mouth didn't seem to be filling quite as fast. "I'm so glad we had to stay for an appointment."

Robbie blinked. Then grinned. "Your sarcasms getting better."

I tried to grin, but it hurt too much. I nodded instead. That hurt too.

"By the way, I lied again. It seems to be becoming a habit again."

"What'd you lie about?"

"Being okay. I think he may have broken my jaw."

I remembered fucking Tami. I remembered the feeling of Robbie's mouth on my cock. The feeling of ice against my jaw was a close third for the best feeling I'd ever had.

We were sitting in the cafeteria while Robbie fussed over me. I kind of liked Robbie's maternal side. It was totally alien, but nice.

"Sorry, guess I blew your appointment. Want to tell me what it was?"

She smiled coyly. "Actually, we still have ten minutes."

"Oh." I took the ice away and gently felt my jaw. I didn't think it was broken, but I was prepared to swear I could feel the impressions of King's fingers in the lower bone.

"You let him hit you," she accused.

"Well, I kinda had it coming."

"That was the stupidest thing I've ever seen."

It's hard to argue with truth. "I didn't think it'd hurt so much."

"And that's not the smartest thing I've ever heard you say."

"I guess I'm on a roll."

"I guess you are." She took my hand away and gently kissed my jaw. It hurt like hell.

She stood. "You ready?"

"For football? No. Ditto baseball, hockey or tennis."

She grinned, took my hand and pulled me to my feet. "Wimp."

"You got that right."

"You want to go home?"

"Can't. Got an appointment."

We walked down the south hall and Robbie led me into the band room. Mr. McCoy, the music teacher, was hunched over his desk, with his back to us.

"Mr. McCoy?"

He turned and smiled at us. "Miss Tate, and this is the young man?"

I felt like a lamb being led to slaughter.

"This is Tony Sims."

"Mr. Sims, I've seen you play baseball. But you look like you've been playing football without your helmet."

I smiled. It hurt. "Call me Tony."

"And what would happen if you called me Jimmy?"

"Well, Mr. Reed would have a coronary, right after he suspended me."

"True. Very true. So I shall call you Mr. Sims."

I liked him.

"Miss Tate tells me you can sing."

"News to me. She's never heard me."

'Would you be willing to try?"

I worked my jaw around. It hurt, but it worked. "I suppose. But I think it's a waste of time."

"It's after four. I'm off the clock. I've got the time to waste if you do. What would you like to sing."

"He'll do The Wonder of You."

"Ah, a Presley fan." Mr. McCoy sat down at the piano.

I realized what Robbie was up to. That was one of my shower songs. She must have heard me when I was showering at her house.

Mr. McCoy started playing something that didn't sound anything like the song I was expecting. He played and I realized how good he was. Then the melody slowly changed to what I was waiting for.

"Ohhhh hoooo hoooo hooooo.

"When no one else can understand me,"

I started pretty soft, but Mr. McCoy just ignored me and kept playing.

"When everything I do is wrong,

"You give me hope and consolation,"

I closed my eyes and just pretended I was in the shower.

"You give me strength to carry on.

"And you're always there,

"To the end of..."

"Mr. Sims, I'm impressed," the teacher said when I'd finished.

I nodded. My jaw hadn't bothered me while I was singing, but now I was feeling it.

"So how come you haven't taken any of my chorus classes?"

I decided that saying they sounded boring wasn't politically correct. Or very nice. I shrugged, "So many classes, so little time."

He nodded, though I'm not sure he was buying it. "Miss Tate thinks I should put you in my advanced vocal group next semester."

I looked at her and she smiled. I looked back at McCoy.

"Think you could find time for it?"

"I don't know. I mean, I really hadn't thought about next semester yet."

He smiled. "It starts in three weeks. You might want to start thinking about it." He shook his head. "Ah, youth. Never planning ahead."

That really wasn't fair. I planned ahead. Most kids didn't pick their second semester classes until the day first semester ended. I usually picked them a week before.

"If you're interested, the class is sixth period. I think we'll have seven other students and all the others will have taken it the first semester."

"What do I do?"

He spread his hands. "You sing."

I rolled my eyes to the ceiling, when I looked back he was grinning. "In the regular chorus classes, everybody sings as part of one big group. In advanced vocal, we work on singing by yourself, or duets, or with small groups. In addition to class work, you are required to perform at least three times, in school shows, talents shows, county fair, whatever. At least one of those must be a solo."

Mr. McCoy stood. "I must go now. Please think about it. We'd love to have you."

"Can I borrow your piano bench for a minute?"

He nodded and went to his desk and started gathering his stuff.

I sat down heavily. Robbie came up beside me, "Are you okay?"

My answer was to grab her wrist and pull her quickly across my lap. When her butt was centered, I lowered my arm onto her back to hold her in place and started spanking.

"Oh dear," Mr. McCoy said as he turned around. "I know teachers aren't allowed to spank students, I'll have to check my handbook to see if students can."

I spanked her again.
