

                

Nerve Endings - 5
by DeeDee (deedeeo18@hotmail.com)

***

A day at the beach naked with my new friend. (ff-teens, 
exh, mast)

***

The sun was already shining brightly through my window, 
when I opened my eyes, and felt my hand still buried 
between my puffy little cunt lips. What a great dream! 
I must have been ravished a hundred times, and judging 
from the stickiness between my legs, it must have been 
awesome!

I rolled out of bed, stood, and stretched, and took a 
shower. I wanted to look my best when I met Tom's girl, 
so I spent a lot of time on my hair and shaving my cute 
little lips. I stepped back finally and checked out my 
reflection in the mirror, as I pulled on my nipples, 
and ran a finger into my cunt. Pulling finally on my 
clit, I yelped and came, as my knees trembled under me. 

I pulled my ponytail back with a clip, and pulled on my 
faded shorts, and a little crop top, that left little 
to the imagination. My nipples pushed the material away 
from my chest, so I could feel the air all around my 
almost totally exposed breasts. Dad better watch 
himself, I thought, or he'll have a hard on when he 
takes his clothes off at the nude beach!

I got the usual reaction from my parents as I walked 
into the kitchen for breakfast. If they only knew how 
hot I was between my legs, they would have died!

Finally, we piled into the Blazer and headed for the 
beach. It was a pretty long drive, so I daydreamed and 
cat napped, until we pulled into the parking lot. The 
sun was high by now and it was really warm. My shorts 
rode up between my little puffy cunt lips as I climbed 
out, and I saw Dad and mom stare down at my cute little 
body! Mom gasped, and Dad had to hold a towel in front 
of his shorts.

The gatehouse was manned by an older guy. I thought he 
was having a heart attack when he saw me, because he 
got all red and stammered and stuttered, as he showed 
us our lockers.

As we took our clothes off, I watched mom and Dad and 
the old man. He was ogling both my parents. As I pushed 
down my shorts, he gasped when he saw my smooth shaven 
lips. Pulling the top off, my nipples shot out, and mom 
and Dad both looked me up and down with lust in their 
eyes! The old man just stared!

"This is so hot!" I thought, as I slowly turned to give 
all of them a good view of my now totally nude body! I 
closed the locker and picked up a towel, and we headed 
down the beach.

As we walked the ocean breeze blew across my nipples. 
They ached, they were so hard! I could feel the sun on 
my naked cunt. My lips swelled, as I walked and rubbed 
them against each other! Little orgasms ran through my 
sweating little body. It was all I could do to just 
walk, as I bit my lower lip to stop from screaming. I 
was trembling so hard I had to hold mom's hand to stay 
upright.

She looked down at me and winked, as I looked up, and 
shuddered through yet another orgasm! Mom put her arm 
around me, and pulled her naked body against my side. I 
vibrated next to her as she whispered,

"Be careful, honey, Dad might see."

I nodded and rubbed my leg against her, and the little 
ripples just kept coming!

Dad sat the cooler down next to a log at the far end of 
the cove, which gave us a little privacy. We spread out 
the blankets and were just getting settled when Tom 
showed up .I looked at him and was very impressed. He 
was a hunk, as we say! I asked him where his daughter 
was. He said she was bringing some towels from the car 
and would be along shortly.

If she was anything like her mother I was going to love 
her! She was about five and a half feet tall, with jet 
black hair, and green eyes! She was a knockout, and I 
almost drooled when Tom introduced her! She smiled and 
ran her tongue over her lips, as she shook my hand. My 
nipples reacted and so did my cunt lips. I felt fire 
from her finger tips, and I'm sure she must have felt 
the electricity too!

As I turned around, so my parents wouldn't see my lust 
filled eyes, I spotted a figure coming down the beach." 
This must be Tom's girl," I thought, as she came 
closer. My knees began to shake as I checked her out! 
"Oh boy, am I in trouble now!"

She stopped about three feet in front of me and my head 
swam! It was like looking in a mirror! She was exactly 
my height, weight, and body size, with short black 
hair, a pixie face, green eyes, thick pouty little 
mouth, and a cute little nose with just a hint of 
freckles. And what a body! 

Her breasts were beautifully proportioned to her body, 
with long, little honey colored, nipples. Her tummy was 
smooth, and her shaved little cunt lips were perfect in 
every way! Then I saw her clit poking out, and I gasped 
when I saw the size of it! It was almost like a penis, 
and was smooth and pink! 

Shudders were running up and down my body, as I tore my 
eyes off her sweet skin, and looked up to see her 
looking me over. She was shaking too! Then she looked 
into my baby blues, and I lost it, as I stammered,

"H--, h--, hi! I'm J--, J--, Jan."

Her lips parted, as she sucked in air, and stammered 
back,

"H--h--hello! I-- I--I'm Angie!"

I could not believe the feelings coursing through me as 
I just stared into her eyes! She looked spellbound, 
too! Here I was stark naked in front of a stranger and 
I felt like I had known her forever! I wanted to kiss 
her, as I stared at her lips. She was staring at mine 
too, as we continued to just stand frozen in place.

She slowly raised her hand and I held mine out to her, 
as she squeezed my fingers gently. I jerked when the 
electricity shot through me! My cunt was on fire! I 
looked down to see her clit was actually growing 
bigger! My puffy cunt lips were swelling in size too! 
She looked back up into my eyes. I smiled as she said,

"You are the prettiest girl I have ever seen!"

"That goes double, me too! You are sooo cute!"

Just then mom came over and put her arm around me. 
Angie's mom went over next to her.

"I see you two seem to have hit it off!"

We both answered as one, "Yes, we certainly have!" 

We giggled, and that broke the ice! I helped her put 
the towels down, and then we walked down toward the 
water, holding hands, and staring at each other. I 
think we both realized that something very special was 
happening! We walked and talked for over an hour, until 
I realized we were way down by the end of the cove.

We stopped, and looked at each other again, as we drew 
closer, until our little lips briefly touched. She was 
soo soft! She reached out with her tongue and ran it 
over my lips, as I shuddered, and juice began to run 
down my legs. I sucked her tongue deep into my mouth. I 
couldn't believe how long and big it was! It was like 
sucking a penis. I sucked harder, as she 
moaned and panted into my mouth. Her lips were open, as 
she gasped little breaths. I moaned into her sweet 
mouth, as I licked her lips with my tongue.

Our hands were on each others' shoulders as we pulled 
closer, until I felt a sharp jolt as my nipples touched 
hers! She gasped into my mouth, as her nipples moved 
back and forth over mine. We were totally lost in each 
other! It was wild! I had never felt anything like it! 
I couldn't pull away!

Finally, I let her tongue gradually slip out. I sucked 
it gently until it was gone. She opened her eyes, and I 
felt like I was falling and spinning out of control! We 
locked eyes and stared in wonderment at each other! 
Then the orgasm hit me! I jerked and twitched and 
suddenly Angie did too! We held on for dear life as the 
waves ripped through us! 


I was totally mesmerized by this cute little 
sweetheart, and I couldn't help spurting out,

"I love you, Angie! Oh God do I love you!"

"I love you too, Jan, what is happening to us?"

"I don't know but I don't ever want it to end"

"Me neither! I don't ever want to lose this feeling, 
ever!"

She put her arms up, and I hugged her naked little body 
against mine, as we kissed again and again. Her naked 
body felt sooo good next to mine! 

Finally we started back down the beach, holding hands, 
and giggling at each other, as we worked our fingers 
back and forth together.

We reached the makeshift campsite. Mom and Dad sat up 
and said,

"Hi, you guys. Where have you been? We thought we might 
have to come looking for you pretty soon. Did you have 
fun?"

We exchanged looks. Angie looked at my lips, as she ran 
her tongue over hers. Mine parted, so she could see I 
wanted her tongue in me, now!

"Yeah, mom," I panted softly, "We sure did!"

"Definitely," echoed Angie, as she giggled and tossed 
her hair.

"I think I've found a new bosom buddy!" she said, as I 
saw her ogle my breasts and my erect nipples!

Mom laughed, and Dad looked sort of uncomfortable, with 
a towel hiding his bulge, as he sneakily eyed both of 
us. Mom noticed and said," Down, boy! They're too young 
for you!" We all cracked up, as Dad blushed.

"Come on, stud, let's go find Tom and his wife. 
Will you girls be all right while we're gone?"

"We're fine, mom, we're going swimming." and we dashed 
off hand in hand and ran into the surf.

"It looks like our daughter has fallen head over heels 
for Tom's daughter. She is really a beauty, isn't she?"

"She sure is, and they are like twins, except for the 
hair, and a few other things!"

"Get your mind out of the gutter. Now we can have time 
for ourselves if they continue to be friends."

"It doesn't look like that will be a problem. I'd say 
they will be inseparable from now on! Let's go find Tom 
and tell him the news."

When they were gone we sat facing each other on the 
smooth log, and just stared at each other. Finally I 
broke off and asked her if she had the same problem I 
had, with clothing firing up her nerve endings, and she 
nodded and grinned. She shyly said she was aroused 
almost all the time. I gawked at her as I said, "We are 
carbon copies, and can you believe it? Are you an 
exhibitionist too?"

She nodded again and said," It really gets me hot to 
show off in front of adults and even little kids! I cum 
often just from clothes rubbing my butt or nipples, do 
you?"

I giggled as I told her I did the same, and we stared 
at each other as we realized how really alike we were!

The sun was making me sweat and the log was getting 
slippery under my cunt, as I slowly moved back and 
forth to rub my clit and spread open my cunt lips. 
Angie was unconsciously doing the same thing and her 
clit was getting really hard! I put my hands on her 
legs as she reached out to mine, and we continued 
fucking the log as we looked at each other. 

My lips fell open, and Angie's little pouty lips 
parted, and her tongue slid back and forth. We were 
both now panting and gasping as we increased our 
sliding motion, until the log top was totally soaking 
in cunt juices. I put my hand over and tasted some of 
hers, and she did mine, and we both licked at our 
juices as we rubbed harder and harder!

"Oh, Angie, I'm going to cum! Cum with me, unh, unh, 
unh, oh, oh, unh, oh fuck, oh, oh, aagh!"

"Fuck the log, Jan, fuck it harder, and faster, and 
faster, oh, I'm cumming, I'm cumming, oh Jan!!"

We both shook as we came together, and screamed out our 
orgasm! Our little bodies were slick with sweat and we 
were literally flying up and down on the log, as we 
milked the last of the orgasm, and squirted on the log!

"Oh, God, that was awesome! I've never done that with 
anyone before! You were so hot to look at! It made my 
orgasm twice as powerful seeing you having one too!!"

"Oh. God, I loved it! This is fantastic! And just 
think, we can do it over and over anytime we get 
together!"

"Oh, Angie, what are we going to do during the week? 
I'll miss you so much!"

"I know, it will be miserable, but maybe we can work 
something out so we can stay at each other's houses, or 
something. We have to try!"

"Come on; let's go wash off in the surf."

We ran into the water and rubbed the sweat off our 
glistening white bodies. Angie came close and put her 
hand down on my swollen cunt lips, and rubbed them 
gently, until I came, as I grabbed her hand and shoved 
it hard against my clit. I slid my fingers over her 
long clit and tugged it, until she was writhing under 
my hand, and jerking her hips, as she came against me. 
She grabbed my head and shoved her tongue deep in my 
throat, and I sucked hard, as we both went over the 
edge, again, and again, until we were totally weak.

She kissed me tenderly, as I ran my hands through her 
hair, and moaned in her mouth. 

We parted, and looked around, and saw a few people 
staring at us. We giggled and ran back to the towels 
and dried off.

I picked up the tanning lotion and began to rub Angie's 
back gently. She stretched and moaned, as I ran all 
over her cute little rear, and up her back and legs. I 
poured oil into her crack and slid my hands between her 
cheeks, as she bucked her hips up in the air to press 
my fingers into her little puckered hole.

I slid my hand under her cunt and grabbed her clit as I 
drove my other hand deep into her butt! She shrieked, 
as an orgasm ripped through her body! She twitched, and 
jerked, and threw her head back and forth, as she 
gripped the towel until her knuckles were white!

When she finally calmed down, I leaned down and kissed 
her shoulders, and murmured in her ear,

"I love you, little Angie, you have beautiful orgasms. 
I love making you lose control!"

She sighed and grabbed my hand and kissed my fingers.

"That felt soo good! I could really get addicted to 
you!"

I heard voices coming, so we straightened up, just in 
time to see our parents arriving. 

***