The Making Of A Succubus
========================

Andrew flicked through his photo album, studying the pictures he'd taken
of the women in his sister's coven.  Denise had spent several months
persuading them that skyclad was the only proper way to do things in
summer, and he'd taken full advantage of the situation to gather some
rather nice photographs.

Denise stuck her head round his bedroom door.  "Hi Alex, still perving
over your filthy pictures of my naked body?" she quipped.

He looked up at her and smiled.  "Mostly over Christina, actually. Say,
do you still have that nasty little black book you found in old man
Challenger's study?  I think she'd make a perfect subject for some
of that."

Denise licked her lips lasciviously.  "Oh, yes, little brother.
It's tucked away in a safe place where those tiresome little white
witches can't find it and pollute their pretty little innocent minds.
What did you have in mind?"

Andrew snapped the album shut and put it back on his bookshelf.
He paused for a moment, thinking over what he could remember of the book.
"There's a rather good little mind-control spell in there, isn't there?
None of those tiresome restraints on making people go against their
'true nature'."

Denise smiled wickedly, directing a smouldering look at her brother.
"Damn you, Andrew.  I'm going to be thinking about that all day now.
Turning that fluffy bunny into a raving slut..." She looked thoughtful
for a moment.  "Speaking of which, there's an even better trick than
that in there.  I'll keep that one a little surprise for you, though."

			*	*	*

Denise and Christina knelt at the centre of the clearing the coven used
for their gatherings, both naked.  An ornate pewter chalice full of red
wine stood on the ground between them, and Denise held a slim black book
open in one hand.

"Denise, why aren't the others here?" asked Christina, a note of suspicion
in her voice.  "What's so special about this working?"

Denise smiled enigmatically.  "They aren't worthy of these secrets just
yet."  She picked up the chalice and took a sip.  "The teacher has drunk.
Let the student drink deeply now."

Christina took the chalice from Denise's extended hand and took a long
swig of the bitter liquid, almost gagging at the taste.   She put the
chalice down between them, and looked at Denise.  "What now?"

Denise smiled.	"The student has drunk deeply of the cup of lore.
She shall obey the teacher in all things."  She pointed at the ground.
"Lie now upon your back, Christina, and do not speak except to answer
when I ask you a question."

Christina blinked in surprise at herself as she obeyed Denise's orders
without even hestiating.  Something odd was going on, she was sure
of that.  But, she was determined to be a good student, and so she laid
down on her back.

Denise got to her feet, then knelt astride Christina's face.
"This secret you must learn first of all, the taste of my chalice."
She lowered herself until the lips of her sex touched Christina's mouth.
"Pleasure me with your tongue.	No taste is more glorious than the taste
of my sex.  You long to hear me scream in ecstasy."

Christina opened her mouth and ran her tongue along the lips of Denise's
sex.  A small fragment of her mind protested in vain that she was straight
as she started to lick with more enthusiasm.  The taste in her mouth was
wonderful.  She couldn't imagine why she'd never wanted to do this before.
She licked faster, her tongue flickering across Denise's clitoris, then
darting inside her, then returning to her clitoris.  Denise threw her
head back and groaned with delight.

Christina plunged her tongue as deep as she could into Denise's sex,
savouring the glorious taste of her juices, desperate to hear her scream.
She felt Denise's fingers twisting in her hair and her crotch grinding
into her face, and knew she was close.	She returned her tongue to
Denise's clit, licking furiously, and was rewarded with the sound of
Denise's orgasmic shriek.

Denise slumped forward onto all fours.	"You have learned your first
lesson, Christina.  Now, tell me, have you ever let a man put his wand
in your chalice?"

Christina shook her head.  "No, I haven't."

Denise stood and smiled.  "The chalice exists to receive the wand, the
wand exists to fill the chalice.  The chalice is not truly sacred until
it has received the wand."

Andrew stepped out of the shadow of the trees at the edge of the clearing
and walked over to Denise and Christina.  Christina looked up at Andrew's
erect cock and imagined how it would feel plunging into her virginal sex.
"Now, Christina.  Spread your legs, so that you may receive the wand
into your chalice and make it sacred.  You are eager to give up your
virginity in order to learn the deep secrets I possess."

Christina obeyed without a moment's hesitation, spreading her legs
to leave herself open to Andrew's cock.  He knelt between her spread
legs, stroking the lips of her sex, and she gave a low moan of delight.
He dipped his finger inside, then drew it out and licked it.  "The waters
of your chalice are fine indeed," he said, leaning forward to lie over
her, the swollen head of his cock nudging against her crotch.

Denise leaned down to whisper in Christina's ear.  "Tell him that your
chalice is ready for his wand."

Christina swallowed hard.  "My... my chalice is ready for your wand,"
she said.  Andrew's cock plunged into her sex, and she gave a brief gasp
of pain as it tore through her hymen.  He started to thrust rhythmically
inside her, and she groaned with pleasure.  He smiled down at her, pushing
a little deeper with each thrust until he was sinking to the hilt in her
sex, his crotch rubbing against her clitoris.  Waves of pleasure rushed
through her body as Andrew's cock pounded relentlessly into her sex and
Denise whispered in her ear.

"Nothing pleases you so much as honouring my chalice with your tongue,
or honouring the wands of men in any way they should desire.  With your
mouth.	With your chalice.  With every part of your body.  The wand is
sacred, and honouring it as its keeper wishes brings its blessings to
your flesh."

Christina whimpered in delight.  Andrew's thrusts were growing faster,
and she felt a growing tension inside.	She closed her eyes, moaning with
delight, and then her orgasm overtook her.  Her sex convulsed hungrily
around Andrew's cock, milking it, drawing his spurting come deep inside
her, and then it was over, and he was pulling his cock out of her.

Denise smiled at Andrew.  "Well deflowered, my love," she said.
"Get some rest."

Christina watched Andrew walk away, a blissful smile on her lips.
Denise knelt beside her, studying her naked and deflowered body with
undisguised lust.  "You are beautiful, Christina.  Men will be eager to
enjoy the delights of your body now that you have been initiated into
the deeper secrets of the path.  It makes you very happy to know this.
You desire their attention, you desire their lust, these things fill
you with delight."

Denise turned her attention to the book for a few moments.  "I have a
deep secret that will allow you to receive all these things.  When I
have given you the gift of this secret, you will be able to command the
lusts of men with a word, a look, a gesture.  Would you like to be given
that gift, that power, Christina?"

Christina smiled at the thought.  Being able to make men want to fill
her with their cocks with just a word.	How could she refuse?  "Yes.
I would."

Denise smiled.	"Excellent.  Now, lie very still.  There is suffering
to be endured in the receiving of the gift."

Christina watched Denise walk over to where they had been knelt and pick
up a black-handled knife.  Denise returned, and knelt astride her belly.
"When you have been given this gift, you will be mortal no longer, but
rather a succubus, a demonic temptress, the very incarnation of lust.
To all who desire carnal knowledge of the female body, you shall be
a sore temptation.  Even a monk in his cell or a repressed nun in her
cloister will long to possess your body."

Christina gasped in pain as the cold steel of the knife blade bit into
the skin at the top end of her breastbone.  Denise dragged the point
down almost to where the bone finished, leaving a crimson trail of blood
welling up in its wake.

"Once I have set the first rune, there shall be no return.  Are you
certain that you wish to leave your humdrum mortal life forever and be
the very essence of lust and carnal depravity?" asked Denise.

Christina nodded.  "Yes.  Make me a succubus."

Denise dipped her fingers into the blood oozing out from between
Christina's breasts.  Christina winced slightly at the touch, and noticed
a growing tension in the air as Denise's fingers deftly traced patterns
on her breasts, her neck, her face.  Denise climbed off Christina and
knelt beside her as she extended the patterns down her belly and thighs.
Christina whimpered with delight at each touch of Denise's fingers on
the insides of her thighs.

Denise picked up the knife again.  "The last rune must be cut into your
mound," she said, pressing the point against Christina's warm flesh.
Christina gasped as the knife bit, its point slowly carving an elaborate
pattern in her soft flesh, blood welling up through the dark thatch
of her pubic hair and trickling over the lips of her sex.  At last the
knife left her flesh, and Denise smiled.

"You must once more honour the wand with your chalice," she said.
Andrew walked over, his cock once more ready to fill Christina's sex.
"But first, I must honour it with my mouth."

Denise knelt in front of Andrew, her mouth level with his crotch.
Christina watched, fascinated, as Denise licked up and down the shaft
of his cock, then enveloped it with her mouth, taking its whole length
down her throat for a moment before drawing back.  Andrew knelt between
Christina's legs, and looked to Denise.

"The runes are set.  It no longer matters if you disturb them, Andrew."

Andrew grinned, leaning down to slide his cock into the wet heat of
the Christina's recently-deflowered sex.  She whimpered from mingled
pleasure and pain as his weight pressed down on her bleeding mound and
his cock filled her sex.

This time, he spared no time in slow buildup, instead immediately
proceeding to pound deep into her with his cock.  The tension in the
air grew ever higher, and Christina screamed in ecstasy as an impossibly
drawn-out orgasm overwhelmed her.  Her sex clenched rhythmically around
Andrew's cock, milking it relentlessly as it pounded in and out.  She saw
a flash of steel in front of her face, and felt the knife blade bite
agonisingly into her throat.

Andrew reached his own climax inside her then, filling her pulsating
sex with come, and withdrew.  Her orgasm finally subsided, leaving her
exultant and revitalised.  She looked down and saw the runes painted
on her skin fading away.  Her breasts filled out, her skin turned pale
and flawless, the wounds on her mound and her breastbone sealed and faded.
She raised one hand to her throat, and felt no trace of the slashing
movement of the knife.

Denise smiled down at her.  "You're our toy now, Christina.  Sometimes
we'll let you out to play with all those poor innocent unsuspecting
men out there who don't know what you are.  In between, though, we're
going to do absolutely every obscene thing to you that we can think of.
And you're going to love it."
