“I’m not so sure I like going behind Dean’s back like this,” Bobby admits. He finds himself tugging his cap—stupid nervous habit—and forces his hand back down onto the alcohol-sticky table between them.

Sam’s eyes catch the dim light in the bar as he meets Bobby’s gaze—at their corner table, he isn’t bothering to hide what he is—and the golden flare still makes Bobby’s stomach lurch awkwardly. He doesn’t think he’ll ever get used to it, or comfortable with it. Just sitting here with Sam is a little too much like standing next to a smoking volcano for Bobby’s comfort.

If Dean were here, he’d feel better about it. It’s irrational, yes—Dean’s just as dangerous as Sam, even if he hides it better—but Bobby’s a stupid, sentimental old fool and that’s the way of it. He’s gonna get himself killed for that boy someday, like as not.

“You really want to share what’s in that notebook with him?” Sam asks coolly.

At least Bobby thinks it’s Sam. He’s only heard the Other a couple of times, but there’s a distinctive change when it speaks. A slight accent. A deepening of Sam’s voice. And then there’s the way that Sam will look at him then—a way that makes Bobby feel like a mouse in a lion’s den.

Despite his unease, Bobby maintains, “He’s got a right to know.”

Sam inclines his head slightly. “Maybe. But what good is it going to do? What’s the point in scaring him?”

“I don’t know,” Bobby admits. “But that doesn’t change facts none.”

“And what are the facts?” That’s the Other.

All the spit in Bobby’s mouth dries up and he rasps, “You already know, don’t you? Sam said you’d been there. He said you’d seen it.”

“I saw some. I was not at my most observant.” The Other in Sam’s body pulls the notebook across the table and starts flipping through it, seemingly at random. Sam’s face doesn’t change as he reads, and after a few moments Bobby has to look away. He can’t imagine reading that information with a straight face—can’t imagine Sam reading it with a straight face.

But of course that isn’t Sam sitting across from him right now, is it?

Bobby’s unsettled enough to be slightly immoderate in his drinking and he’s feeling a little tipsy by the time there’s a soft gasp from Sam’s side of the table. When Bobby looks back, Sam’s clearly back in control, and he looks lost, and frightened, and all of five years old.

“You’re sure?” he whispers. “She could do that?”

“Probably,” Bobby answers reluctantly. “You know all legends come from somewhere.”

“I thought it was destroyed.” The Other again, but for the first time it seems just as frightened as Sam and Bobby feels an unexpected pang of compassion for it. “We all thought it was destroyed. Many of our strongest warriors died so that it might be so.”

“Well, it looks like you guys missed something, cause unless someone’s been making shoddy Gleipnir knockoffs, then Lilith’s got her hands on the real deal.”

Sam’s back immediately, eyes earnest and worried. “We need to get it, Bobby,” he says. “Now. We have to—if she gets hold of Dean while she has that ...”

He gives a full-bodied shiver and shuts the notebook, head hanging and shaggy hair hiding his eyes. He’s quiet for a long moment, shivering with the force of his fear, but gradually his shivers ease and he goes still.

“You can’t tell him,” he insists without looking up.

“Sam ...”

“You can’t. This’d kill him. He—God, Bobby, he’s so frightened of being trapped again, I don’t know—I don’t know what he’d do. Even the possibility of it could set him off, and I can’t lose him.”

Bobby’s breath catches at the insinuation and Sam’s head lifts, just enough for Bobby to see the gleam of his eyes. Just enough for Bobby to see the pleading there, and the shining tear-tracks running down his cheeks.

“He’s my mate,” Sam whispers, and the expected shudder of revulsion doesn’t come. Bobby supposes he doesn’t really see the Winchesters as the boys he once knew anymore.

“Yeah, kid,” he sighs. “I know. We’ll get it away from her somehow and figure out how to destroy it, although damned if I know how.”