Miranda And The Boys
by Pablocruz713

Miranda And The Boys Pt. 03

Miranda is exposed to guests at the pool party.

After devising their plan for exposing Miranda, the boys got ready to greet their guests and Miranda went back to the master bedroom to get ready. The first part of their plan was to have her wait in the room until everybody had arrived and then having her come out to meet them.

Soon the guests started to arrive, they were all men they knew from college or friends from when they were in high school. After about an hour everyone who was coming had arrived. In total 12 men came to the party so with Miranda's group there was a total of 16 men at the party. None of the guests knew about Miranda, they all just thought the boys decided to have a party since Justin's parents were away.

Once everyone was there Kyle went inside to check on Miranda slowly opening the door he saw her sitting on the bed watching tv. "We're almost ready for you," he said.

"Are you ready to go?", he asked to which she simply opened her robe to reveal the white bikini underneath. They decided to start with the white bikini then have her change into the more revealing red one piece later. She was told to wait for two minutes then come out to the patio.

Kyle went back out and started talking to the men, "we have a surprise for everyone," he then paused until he saw Miranda coming out, then said, "I'd like for everyone to meet our new friend Miranda." He gestured toward her as she came out onto the patio. She was absolutely beautiful with just a little makeup and her hair done up. She walked out in front of all the men and took off her robe revealing the tiny white bikini underneath.

She nonchalantly walked down to the diving board. Once up on the diving board she did exactly like she did the day before, with hands raised over her head she gracefully dived into the water. After diving in she swam to the side of the pool and used the ladder to climb out. She emerged out of the water with water streaming off her body. To the delight of all the guests her thin white bikini had become transparent. Her nipples and areolas were clearly visible and the faint outline of her shaved pussy was also visible. She made sure she was facing everyone when she smoothed back her long hair giving them all a good look at her body.

Justin brought her a towel and she used it on her hair and face but let the rest of her body and swim suit remain sopping wet. She walked over to where the men were gathered and started to greet everyone. The first man she walked up to said his name and held out his hand to shake hers but she opened her arms instead. He took the invitation and hugged her stroking her wet back with his hands. His t-shirt got wet in the process but was still elated. Almost all the guests were geeks or nerds just like the guys and few of them if any had ever talked to such a beautiful and sexy woman, much less hugged one.

Each man watched what the previous one had done and went a little farther down her back, until the fourth man actually touched her bare ass. After tentatively touching her ass he quickly withdrew, but she said, "it's alright I don't mind." So he put his hand back on her butt cheek and held the hug a little longer. The next man's hand went right to her ass and the following man placed both of his hands on her ass. A couple of men later her ass cheeks were getting groped and squeezed. This went on until the first few men came back around and asked if they could also grab her butt, so she let them all grab her ass.

The men started to ask how the guys knew her and whether she was a prostitute. They assured everyone that she was not a prostitute and they had met her at the park a few days earlier. They lied about when they met her since they didn't want anybody to know they just met her yesterday. They told everybody that she had just moved here and had no friends in the city and would be going to college in the fall.

"We should play some games," Miranda said. All the guys there nodded and agreed.

"We should piggyback wrestle," offered Kyle.

Everyone liked this idea.

"Can I go first," asked Miranda.

"Who wants to be Miranda's partner?," asked Kyle. To which almost everyone either raised a hand or shouted out "me".

"I think we need some way to pick her partner," added Justin.

"How about arm wrestling," suggested Dan. The smaller guys grumbled but the bigger guys liked the idea. Since a bigger guy was needed to hold someone up it made sense and was agreed to. After a series of arm wrestling matches, a guy named Rob won and became Miranda's partner. Dan was the runner-up and was allowed to pick his partner to go up against Miranda and Rob. He choose Ricky for his partner.

The four wrestlers jumped into the pool and everybody else gathered on the patio to watch.

After jumping in unbeknownst to everyone Miranda loosened the knots of her bikini top. Rob swam under Miranda and put her on his shoulders then locked his arms around her legs. Dan did the same with Ricky. The two teams took their place in the middle of the pool where the depth was about 4-5 feet. Miranda faced the audience and Ricky's back was to them.

"Ready," asked Kyle to which the wrestlers on top said "yes". "Then begin," announced Kyle.

Miranda and Ricky started grappling while the guys below them struggled to keep them upright. Ricky was trying to grab a hold of Miranda but she would slap his hands away or slip his grip. After a couple of minutes of this Ricky's hand got a hold of her bikini top and with the lose knots he was able to simply pull it off her body. Her tits were fully exposed the men, it took her several seconds to realize she was now topless. At first she tried to cover up with one arm but Ricky was still trying to pull her off so she removed her arm from in front of her tits baring them to the audience of men once again. By now all the guys were hooting and hollering at the sight of her boobs on full display.

Ricky had dropped her top in the water so she was unable to reach it. She was still determined to win so she continued to wrestle topless to the great delight of the audience. Eventually she stopped playing defense and started to attack Ricky. She was able to grab a hold of his arm and when her partner backed up Ricky went tumbling head first into the water. Triumphantly she raised both her arms into the air giving all the men another great view of her lovey boobs.

"Who's next to battle Miranda," asked Kyle. Upon hearing this Miranda realized the show she was giving and crossed both of her arms across her chest. Ricky grabbed Miranda's top as he was getting out of the water. A couple of guys jumped into the water and assumed wrestling position. Miranda tried in vain to quit but it was too late now as the guy on top started grabbing at her. She had to uncover her tits again to fend him off, causing the audience to cheer again. The man wrestling with her had no interest in pulling her off instead he only tried to grope her boobs. Her partner didn't move back at all, so she had to block the man's hands to keep them off her boobs. Eventually she decided on a risky strategy and she simply let him grab a hold of her tits and while he was groping her she got a hold of him and pulled him into the water.

When the man fell into the water Kyle shouted, "next," and another team of wrestlers jumped in while the losing team climbed out. The top man on this team learned from the previous team. He used one hand to fend off Miranda's attack while groping a tit with the other. He lasted longer than the last man and enjoyed every second of it. Eventually she was able to dislodge him into the water. At which point another team jumped in. After dispatching this team to the water she finally called it quits and said she needed a break.

She dismounted her partner and climbed out of the pool. She proceeded to dry off then draped the towel over her shoulders covering her tits. She grabbed a drink and sat down to rest. All the men were disappointed at not being able to ogle her tits anymore but still enjoyed looking at the rest of her body. When she was done with her drink she went over to the cupboard holding the towels inside she found a bag containing her second swimsuit.

With all the men watching her she placed her towel on a chair, exposing the side of her tit to them in the process. Turning her back to the men she proceeded to slowly pull her bikini bottoms down to her ankles. Now completely naked she reached into the bag and pulled out her red string one piece swimsuit. She stepped into the suit and pulled the shoulder straps over her shoulders. Finally she pulled out a bottle of suntan lotion from the cupboard then walked over and sat down on chaise lounge.

"I need some help putting suntan lotion on," she said. When most of the men stepped up to offer help, she responded by saying, "I think I only need two of you."

"We'll have to play another game to decide who gets to put lotion on Miranda," says Kyle, as he brings out some dice. All the guys roll a die and three of them roll sixes so the they roll again the two highest rolls win.

"Do you want to do above the hips or below," Miranda asks the winner Steve.

"I want the top part," he answers as he stares at her tits. So she stands up and hands him the lotion while extending her arms out at her sides.

Steve squeezes some lotion into his hands and starts rubbing it onto her beginning with her hands. He works his way up her arm to the shoulders then tells her to turn around. He continues rubbing lotion on her back going down to the small of her back then tells her to turn back around. Facing her he starts rubbing again beginning at her belly and working up. When he reaches her tits he slides his hands under the strings of the suit. He spends most of his time on her tits doing more groping than rubbing on of lotion. Before finishing he pushes the straps to the sides of her tits leaving her exposed.

"Ok, your turn," she says to the second place finisher, Tim. She never fixes her suit but puts her arms down. Tim kneels down while taking the lotion from Steve.

"Turn around and bend over please, " he asks Miranda, she does as he asks. He starts rubbing lotion on her legs starting at the feet. When he gets to the buttocks he spends extra time rubbing lotion on to each cheek. With Miranda still bent over he reaches in between her butt cheeks and grabs the strap of her suit then pulls it out and away exposing her buttonhole to the men nearby. He rubs lotion onto her anus then releases the strap.

"Stand up and turn around," he orders her. She complies, "now sit down and spread your legs", he tells her. She does as he says but reclines back some supporting herself with her arms. He rubs lotion on to the pelvic area outside the suit then he pulls the suit to the side exposing her pussy to the men. Now he takes his time rubbing lotion around her pussy, finally replacing her suit. "All done," he says.

She stands up and places a towel on to the chaise lounge. "Could someone start a timer for twenty minutes, I don't want to burn," she says.

A voice from her audience shouts, "I got it". And she gets ready to lie down, but before she does Tim says, "you shouldn't sunbathe in that suit you'll get weird lines on your body." She looks down at the suit then back up at the men who are all nodding in agreement with Tim.

"I suppose you're right," she answers. So she slowly brings her hands up to her shoulders but this time she takes the straps off one at time. First the left one then the right one, after she releases the right strap the suit slides down off her body. She lies down on the lounger on her belly.

Someone says, "timer started." The men stare at the back of her nude body for a little bit, but soon most of them wander off to get something to eat. Twenty minutes later the timer alarm goes off. This gets the attention of all the men.

"Time to turn over," she says. She turns over exposing the front of her nude body to all the men. "Could someone restart the timer please," she asks.

"Timer started," comes the response. This time all the men intently stare at her body, some of them still eating. She closes her eyes knowing she is being ogled at, the thought turns her on. After twenty minutes the alarm goes off and she opens up her eyes and sits up. Looking around she sees that every pair of eyes are on her, this causes a tingling in her body and she needs to do something.

"Who wants to go swimming," she asks the crowd. She gets up and jumps into the pool. More than half of the guys maybe ten or so follow her in. She stands in the middle of the pool where the water comes up to her shoulders. She is immediately surrounded by men and she starts to feel hands all over her body. Some are grabbing her tits and others are groping her ass. Some are even rubbing outside of her vagina. She tries in vain to get away by wading away from them but they just follow her.

Eventually they get her trapped on the side of the pool. She is being groped all over her nude body, not just her tits and ass but her belly, sides and legs also. More than one hand is rubbing her pelvic area when suddenly a finger is inserted into her pussy. A few seconds later a second finger is added and they start to slide in and out of her pussy. Miranda grips the side of the pool as her knees get weak. The finger fucking is doing the job as Miranda is in heaven. A little while later she feels a hand slide between her ass cheeks then a few seconds later that hand inserts a finger into her asshole. At first this shocks her but as the finger starts to slide back and forth inside her while two fingers are doing the same in her vagina she is sent over the edge. She starts to shake and convulse again while also moaning very loudly. These guys don't stop though and continue to grope and finger fuck her the whole time.

Eventually she stops shaking and moaning and now all the men stop. She places both her arms outside the pool on the patio to hold herself up as she cannot stand up anymore. After catching her breath she swims over to the ladder and climbs out. She lays down on her towel covered chaise and rests. After resting for a couple of minutes, still totally nude, she finds her towel and dries off. She then puts on her robe and grabs a drink.

As she walks by Kyle she tells him she's ready for the next game. Kyle grabs a deck of cards then removes all the cards except the aces, kings, and queens. He then explains the rules of the game. First Miranda will draw one card and show everyone the card before putting it back, next every guest will be dealt a card. The three men with cards matching her rank but not the suit will receive blowjobs from Miranda and the man who matches rank and suit will get to fuck her. Not surprisingly this game excited all the guys with many cheering loudly.

Kyle shuffles the cards and holds them out to Miranda who takes one, holding it up to reveal the queen of diamonds. He takes the card back and reshuffles then hands one card to every guest, while telling them not to look until everyone has a card. Once they all have a card they all look at the same time which elicits several hoots. The winners come forward. First is Mike with a queen of spades then Rob, Miranda's partner from piggyback wrestling, with a queen of hearts next is Josh with a queen of clubs. Finally the big winner steps up and it is Trent who is probably the smallest and skinniest man there.

Trent is super shy and didn't want to come to the party today but a couple of his friends made him. Trent has not participated in any of the activities today. In fact he has not even touched Miranda except when she hugged and kissed him but he didn't kiss her back, nobody knows this except him and her. Not surprisingly Trent is also still a virgin.

Miranda has the four winners sit in chairs next to each other in the order they came forward. She removes her robe and stands in front of them completely nude so that they'll get aroused and be hard and ready when she goes down on them. She stands there for a minute or two to let them get a good long look and when she sees bulges in their shorts she knows it is time to begin.

She starts with Mike by kneeling in front of him then pulling his swim trunks down to his ankles revealing his average sized penis. Miranda takes his cock into her mouth and starts to suck him off while stroking his cock with one hand and fondling his balls with the other. She feels more experienced and comfortable at giving head after performing on the four guys Saturday, and it shows. She is doing such an expert job he only lasts about three minutes before coming in her mouth. She dutifully swallows his whole load then licks his dick clean. She then has him stand up and she pulls his trunks back up while still on her knees. She gives his cock one last kiss before tucking it away.

Now she moves on to Rob after removing his trunks she sees his penis is a little bit bigger than Mike's but on his huge frame it seems average. With his trunks at his ankles and his erect penis sticking up he politely asks her for a kiss. She agrees and sits on his knees facing him with her legs straddling his. She slides as forward as she can until her pussy is touching the shaft of his cock. She then leans forward and places her hands on both sides of his head and starts kissing him. He kisses her back and as his kissing starts to turn her on more she becomes very wet, he feels her sopping wet pussy on his dick. After a couple of minutes she breaks off the kiss and stands up. For a second she considers sitting back down on him and impaling herself with his cock, but that's not what he won. Instead she kneels down and takes his cock into her mouth and proceeds to suck his cock using the same two handed technique she used on Mike. Obviously it is working as Rob starts to grunt very loudly. This technique is very effective and after several minutes he comes in her mouth. After swallowing his semen she cleans him up then puts his dick away.

Moving down to Josh while wiping her mouth she hears him ask, "can I get a kiss too?"

"Of course honey," she answers. After removing his trunks she proceeds to slide the outside of her wet pussy down the entire length of his penis before reaching his lap. They kiss passionately for a minute before she slides off his lap and takes her place between his knees. By now she is a pro at giving head and makes fast work of the highly excited Josh who comes in just a couple of minutes. After cleaning up and putting him away she says, "I need a quick break," and proceeds to get a drink.

Finished with her break the nude woman walks up to shy and timid Trent and leans over to his ear and whispers, "do you want to go to the bedroom to get your prize sweetie?"

His response is just a nod and a barely audible, "yes, please."

So she takes his hand and leads him to the master bedroom. Once in the room she secretly opens the blinds while he looks around. Kyle has everyone gather around the window to watch.

She now turns her attention to Trent and takes off his shirt, he was still fully clothed since he didn't even go in the pool. She kneels down and takes off his shorts revealing his underwear, but when she reaches for the waistband of his underwear he also grabs the waistband and stops her. Realizing that he is not ready to be naked yet she directs him to lie down on the bed. His shyness elicits snickers outside the window.

Back inside Miranda crawls on top of Trent her bare tits hanging down and brushing against his bare belly and chest. This skin on skin contact causes Trent's penis to react tenting his boxers and touching her pussy through the fabric. By now her face is over his and she leans down and starts kissing him.

After a few seconds she stops and says, "open your mouth when I kiss you then do what my tongue does with your tongue."

"Okay," is all he says.

She returns to kissing him inserting her tongue into his open mouth. He copies the movements of her tongue with his. Trent is thoroughly enjoying his first ever 'real' kiss. After a couple of minutes she stops and proceeds to lick down his chest and stomach all the way to the waistband of his underwear. When she reaches his underwear she looks up at him and asks, "are you ready to show me what you got in these?" He only nods and she slowly pulls down his underwear revealing his cock. His penis is about the same size as Rob's but on his small skinny frame it appears much larger.

The kissing and licking has aroused him to the point that his cock is rock hard and she can't resist putting it in her mouth. She inserts the entire length of his cock in and out of her mouth a couple of times before she finishes removing his underwear. She now rises up on her knees and then lowers herself onto his cock thrusting it into her pussy. She continues to raise herself up and down on his dick, fucking him while he lays still. After little more than a minute she asks him, "do you want to fuck me now?"

"Yes, yes please," he responds much more assertively than before. She gets up off him and lays down next to him. He then lays on top of her and she guides his dick into her vagina. He immediately starts to pump his dick in and out of her. He starts making a lot of noise as he speeds up his pace. Eventually after two more minutes of his fast paced fucking he starts coming in her. His orgasm seems to last awhile but finally he collapses on to her his head landing on her tits.

The two of them lay there motionless for a few minutes. The audience outside the window was shocked at what they just witnessed but proud of their friend for losing his virginity in such fashion. Eventually they both get up and Trent started to get dressed.

"I'm going to take a shower do you want to join me," she asked him. He hesitated as he thought about it but eventually said yes. "Then you don't need those," she said pointing to his boxers. Reluctantly he lowered his underwear to the floor and stood naked in front of this woman he had just met. She then grabbed his hand and led him to the bathroom. Once there she turned on the shower and while the water was warming up she approached him and started kiss him again.

While that was happening the men outside scrambled to grab chairs so that they could peer in through a window set high on the wall with no covering. They watched as she kissed him passionately. Being kissed by a naked woman while he was also naked caused him to become aroused again. His friends watched as his penis became erect and made contact with outside of her vagina. After about a minute of kissing the shower was steaming so they both went in. The shower was very large and encased in glass so they were both clearly visible to the men outside.

Once inside the shower she got her body wet then handed him the body wash and asked him to wash her. He started on her back as she had turned after handing him the body wash. He washed her back then knelt down and washed her ass and legs. He made one pass over her ass before asking her to turn around. Still on his knees he was now staring directly at her pussy. He started washing her legs again then worked his way up to her pussy. He carefully washed her pelvic area around the vagina.

"Wash the inside of my pussy please," she asked almost begging. He obliged by inserting one soapy finger into her pussy. "I can take more fingers than that," she added. So he proceeded to thrust two fingers into her pussy then added another. He then began exploring the insides of her vagina with his three fingers. She handed him the handheld shower head and told him to use this, he did as she asked rinsing all his semen out of her pussy.

"Now it's your turn," she said as she pulled him to his feet. She then began soaping his whole body and when she got to his cock she spent extra time washing it. Finally she sat him down on the bench in the corner of the shower then knelt down between his knees and took his cock into her mouth. Trent was extremely aroused and after a couple minutes of her sucking his wet cock he exploded into her mouth. She greedily gulped down her fourth load of the day, in the back of her mind she wondered how many calories that was.

They both rinsed off and got dried off, Trent got redressed but Miranda just wrapped herself in a towel. They both walked back out onto the patio. Trent was greeted with cheers and pats on his back. He was unaware that his first and second sexual experiences were just witnessed by 15 of his friends. Miranda located her robe and with the men watching took off her towel and put on the pink robe.

Miranda decided to get something to eat and most of the guys did also. They all sat around eating and chatting with Miranda occasionally flashing glimpses of her tits and pussy through her loosely tied robe. Eventually some of the guys got back into the pool thinking her escapades were over, but the party was not over yet.
