Tia Discovers the Thrill of Exhibitionism
by applevalyan©


A little history first, I guess. My name is Tia. I am currently 19 years of age 
and my Mother is 37. I am 5 ft. 8 in. tall, with shoulder length brown hair, and 
blue eyes. I weight about 115 lbs., nice ass and 36C rack. My mother raised me 
alone since I was seven; she seemed to be always on the go and usually took me 
with her. She was and still is a schoolteacher, which worked out good for both 
of us, because she didn't have to worry a babysitter for me when there was no 
school because she was usually off too. 

My Mom still looks great and is in great shape. Always exercising by going to 
the gym, bike riding, or jogging. I still go with her most of the time. She use 
to wear her spandex exercise shorts almost everywhere. I saw many men turn and 
look at her ass when she passed them, although I didn't know why then. I now 
know why she smiled when it happen a lot back then. She loved it when a strange 
man would stop and admire her ass. Like I now love it when a man turns to look 
at my ass, that's why I always try to wear something that makes my ass look 
good. 

My mother never wore any underwear of any type under those tight shorts. She 
told me she didn't like the looks of panty lines under those tight shorts. I 
wanted to be just like Mom back then so I also started going pantyless a lot. 
The only time my Mom seemed to wear any type underwear was when she went to 
school, so that was about the only time I wore them. So during summer break Mom 
and I rarely opened our bra and panties drawers. My mother never chastised me 
about my lack of undergarments. After supper Mom and I took our baths and 
usually spent the rest of the night in just T-shirts, unless we had visitors. I 
started sleeping nude like she did and found it very comfortable. 

We lived about 5 minutes from the beach, a few miles north of Fort Myers, Fla. 
We went to the beach a lot. Mom has always worn the tiniest bikinis she could 
find. She let me run around topless until I started to develop breast. I wore my 
first string bikini when I was 12, I pestered Mom until she got me one. We 
couldn't fine one to buy that fit me right, so she made us matching suits. They 
were made of red bandanas [cut into small triangles] and white shoelaces. They 
were really T-backs and tied on both sides at the hips. I think I was the only 
12-year-old girl on that beach wearing a g-string bikini. 

This 'who cares' attitude went on for a few years. I thought nothing of just 
throwing on just a dress and going out in public. Until one day I was at the 
store with Mom. I was wearing a short blue sundress and bent over to pick up my 
mother's checkbook she had dropped. I heard a crash and looked behind me. A 
stock boy had dropped a case of cans he had been putting on the shelf behind us. 
Mom looked at him and then me still bent over and told me to quickly stand up 
straight. She said we had to talk about this later. While she continued to 
checkout, I got to thinking. That the stock boy was the first male I knew of 
that ever looked up my dress in a public place. Then I got this tingly feeling 
between my legs. That was my first flash in public, even if it was accidental. 

I said it was the first time in a public place. Many people have seen me naked. 
I remember my Dad taking Mom and me to a nudist resort a few times. Mom said I 
was about 3 the first time they took me and we went about a dozen times a year. 
Mom and I still go once in a while, it feels so good to walk in the sun naked. I 
guess that's why I so comfortable wearing very little in public. I've never 
thought of it as a sexy thing until recently. I've seen hundreds of naked men 
but don't ever remember seeing a male erection until I was eighteen. I started 
shaving my bush off soon after it began to grow, to be just like Mom. I don't 
remember ever seeing her bush. 

We had that talk and all she told me was that since I wasn't a little girl 
anymore, I needed to be very careful of how I bent over in public places. She 
told me that some people didn't like the sight of bare bottoms in public and 
might even call the police. I did become careful and don't think any guy seen my 
bare ass again until the night of my eighteenth birthday. I turned eighteen four 
months before I graduated. 

I had about a twenty people over at my house to celebrate my birthday. It 
happened to be a Saturday night so we could stay up late and not have to worry 
about school the next day. There were 9 guys and 11 girls there, and my Mom, but 
she stayed in her bedroom watching TV most of the night. We were all acting 
crazy, singing and dancing, you know the normal teenage stuff. We even played 
spin-the-bottle for a while, and then we played Truth-or-Dare. 

One of the truth or dare questions was, "Would you ever pull up the back of your 
dress and purposely show someone you panties?" 

I don't know how it happened but all of us girls were wearing short skirts or 
dresses that night. All the girls said "Yes" except me, I said "No." Then I was 
asked, "Why Not? And to tell the truth." 

I smiled and said it was because I wasn't wearing any. I heard, " 'Yea, right!' 
' Sure!' ' I said to tell the truth', and 'PROVE IT!' then a couple more 'Yea, 
Prove it!'" Then a single, "I DARE YOU, PROVE IT!" 

I looked around and thought why not, this could be fun. I stood, turned around 
and lifted the back of my skirt. I heard air being sucked in and a couple OH! 
MY! I dropped the skirt and turned around sat back down and said it was now my 
turn. I then dared them all to show their panties. 

They all did but a couple of them were reluctant. I then dared them to go to the 
bathroom and remove their panties and come back out here and show them to us. I 
was surprised when they all did it. Jenni was the first to do it, she told me 
she had worn a couple long dress without panties before but never a short dress 
like now and she was finding it kind of exciting. She said she could feel her 
pussy getting wet. I was surprised by her comment; I guess I was a bit naïve, 
because I wasn't expecting a sexual turn of events. 

I then noticed all the boys had larger than normal bulges in their pants. That's 
when I noticed a tingle in my pussy. I stepped in the kitchen to get some soft 
drinks and while I was in there, I checked myself. Yep! I was getting wet. I 
went back to the group and said I had a wild idea. All the girls were to toss 
their panties on the coffee table and for the boys to come up with a few bucks. 
The last girl to put her panties back on tonight got the cash.

The guys came up with about fifty bucks, but they got their money back because 
none of the girls put their panties back on that night. They all ended up in 
their purses when they went home. 

During the night I was asked why I was not wearing panties that night, I told 
them I rarely wore panties and hadn't for years. About the only time I did was 
when I wore a short dress or skirt to school. I bent over a few times that night 
on purpose to show my ass. I found out I was enjoying it, but wanted to do more. 
So I purposely spilled a coke on my blouse so I could go to my room and change 
tops. I came back out in a loose short cut-off t-shirt that barely covered my 
tits. 

One of the guys asked if I was going to show them my tits too. I said, "Sure, 
Why Not, but NO touching" and proceeded to lift up the front of my shirt. I 
found out I was enjoying showing them and I showed them a lot that night. I 
wished I hadn't said no touching but I remedied that later. 

I was dancing with my now boyfriend, but he wasn't then. I was enjoying his 
embrace and feeling of his hard-on though his pants and my skirt, right on my 
wet pussy. I looked Tony right in his eyes and told him he could play with my 
tits if he wanted. He stepped back a bit, smiled, and I lifted my shirt. He 
placed hand on each breast; it felt so good, my knees almost buckled. I don't 
know why but my right hand went straight to his crotch. I took hold and gave his 
dick a squeeze. He moaned and I felt wetness in my hand. He looked down and said he had to go to the bathroom. I stood there with my shirt above my tits and 
looking at the dampness on my hand.

Tony returned a few minutes later and said he had something for me and to hold 
out my hand. I did and he placed his underwear in my hand. He smiled and said he 
had decided to remove then because they were a bit uncomfortable to wear in 
their condition. But that I could have them to remember him by if I wanted. I 
felt the stickiness of his cum as I clutched them in my hand, as I heard myself 
say I would love to have them. I said, "Stay here, I'll be right back," and off 
to my room I went. 

When I returned he was standing right where I left him. As I approached him it 
pulled off my top and tossed it over my shoulder. I planted a big kiss right on 
his lips as he reached around and under the hem of my skirt and grabbed two 
hands full of bare ass. The next thing I felt was someone pulling down my skirt. 
I lifted my feet to assist in their removal. I was now totally naked in front of 
twenty of my closes friends and LOVING IT! I looked around and it seemed 
everyone was getting into some stage of undress. But no one was having sex, just 
a lot of hands going every which way. Jenni was getting close though, she was 
between Andrew's legs and had his dick in her hands. THEN THE MUSIC STOPPED! 

MOM!!! She said it was after midnight and for everyone to get dress and go home. 
And not to worry, she would NOT be calling any parents because no one had been 
having sex, although a couple people seemed to be getting close. She looked at 
me, smiled and shook her head. I remained naked as I showed everyone the door 
and thanked them for coming and to ask them to keep this party a secret and that 
maybe we could do it again. Tony was the last to go. He walked up to me and put 
a finger right in my wet pussy. It only took a few strokes before I came. He 
smiled and said; "Now we're even." Yes, I have masturbated before, but I've 
never had another person do it to me and it had never felt that so good. I knew 
I wanted more.

I told Tony that I would love to see him again. He said he had been thinking 
about it too, and if I would like to be his date for the prom. I said I would 
love to, [more on that later.] 

Jenni told me a couple weeks later, when I ran into her in the parking lot one 
morning, that she really enjoyed that night and had also stopped wearing panties 
except to school. She said she knew of two of the other girls that have also 
started going without sometimes. I told Jenni that I enjoyed showing off so much 
that night that I even quit wearing them to school. She said, "No Way!" I turn 
around and showed her my bare ass right there in the parking lot. She told me to 
be careful because if the wrong people caught me doing that, they might call me 
a 'slut'. 

I had made it a goal of mine to flash as many guys I could the last months of 
school. I must have flashed a couple hundred, but I tried to make it look as 
accidental as possible. There was only a handful that knew I did it on purpose. 
I flashed Tony a few times. It always put a smile on his face, and then he would 
grab his crotch, putting a smile on mine. I wanted to touch and see his dick so 
bad that a couple time I actually went in the girls' restrooms and masturbated. 
I was one horny virgin! Yes, I was still a virgin. I had dated many times and 
had my tits bared and felt up a few times, but had never been touched below the 
waist until Tony at the party, although I had jerked off a couple guys and that 
was fun. 

Tony picked me up at 6pm the next Friday after the party and he took me to a 
movie. On the way there he asked if I was without panties again. I told him, not 
just panties, I was total naked under my dress. All I was wearing just my dress 
and a pair of sandals. Then I asked him if he would like to see. 

He smiled and said, "Do you think I'm crazy? Of course I would!"

I think I surprised him when I leaned forward and grabbed the hem of the dress 
and pulled it up and over my head. I was completely naked in the front seat of 
his truck and it wasn't even dark outside yet. I looked at him and asked if he 
approved and that he might as well know now that I think I was becoming an 
exhibitionist, because I was getting a thrill out of people seeing me naked.

He said I looked great and that I could be naked whenever and wherever I felt 
like it. I then did something that even surprised me; I put my back to the door 
and faced Tony. I spread my legs wide showing him my wet pussy. Then saying, 
"Play with my pussy again, please." 

It felt great! He made me cum in less than a minute. I then turned around and 
reached for his zipper. I pulled it down and out popped hid dick. He was wearing 
no underwear. "Nice touch" I said. 

"Why should you be the only one going commando?" He said. "Plus I was hoping you would be going there and I wanted to make it easy for you."

I reached in his pants and wrapped my fingers around that beautiful had cock. I 
loved the way it felt in my hand. Warm, hard, and throbbing all at once. I 
started to slowly move my hand up and down and then slowly picked up the pace. 
Tony had stopped way out in the movie parking lot by now and leaned back to 
enjoy. A few seconds later he moaned and a white creamy goo shot out the end of 
his dick, all over the steering wheel and dash. Some ran down the side of his 
dick onto my hand. I instinctively brought my hand to my mouth and licked it 
off. It felt and tasted strange but for some unknown reason, I liked it. I 
looked him in the eye and said, "I like. Next time maybe there won't be any to 
clean off the dash." Tony had a big grin on his face. 

We cleaned up and I got dressed and we went inside. During the movie we kept 
feeling each other up and decided to leave before it finished. One the way to 
the truck, Tony asked if I was going to take the dress off again when we got in 
the truck.

I told him 'no'. I could see sadness in his face and I started to laugh. He 
asked what was so funny. I said I wish he could have seen the look on his face 
when I said 'no'. And what I meant was that I wasn't going to take it of in the 
truck but I didn't say I wouldn't before I got there. I reached down and pulled 
the dress over my head and gave it to Tony to carry. I walked totally naked the 
next hundred feet to the truck. Tony was still standing where I gave him the 
dress. He finally came to his senses and unlocked the door of the truck so I 
could get in. 

As soon as Tony got in the truck I was unzipping his pants, and as soon as I got 
his cock out I had I in my mouth. I loved the way it felt in my mouth. I had 
never sucked cock before but was more than willing to learn. In no time I felt 
Tony stiffen up and moan. Stream after stream of hot cum shot in my mouth as I 
swallowed as fast as I could, I think I am going to like being a cocksucker. 
Tony said he wanted to fuck my pussy so bad. I told him he was going to wait a 
while, because I wanted to get on the pill first. But not to worry, I was 
willing to try and do anything else. He said he wished he could watch me bring 
myself off as he drove me home, I more than happy to grant his wish. 

I called Mom and told her we were on our way home. To give her some time to get 
dressed if she wasn't, liked she cared, I don't think Tony would have mined 
either. I pulled my dress on as I climbed out the truck. My Mom was wearing 
short red satin robe that just did covered her ass. I was wondering if she was 
going to bent over and show Tony her ass, but she didn't as far as I know. 

After Tony left, my mother said she didn't want to embarrass me in front of 
Tony, but wanted to know why my dress was on inside out. I looked down, she was 
right. I looked at her and she didn't look mad but asked how far we went. She 
has always told me the truth, whatever the question was. She had explained sex 
to me in graphic details when I asked her about it. And now it was my turn to be 
honest with her. So I told her everything, even about Tony wanting sex. She said 
that was normal for a guy and that she would set me up an appointment with our 
doctor for a birth control examination. 

Then she smiled and said I was a bigger exhibitionist now than she ever was. She 
would never have had the guts to walk naked across a parking lot. Being naked at 
a nudist colony was about all she could handle. She asked far I planned to go. I 
said I didn't know but I got such a rush when I did it. Then Mom kissed me on 
the cheek and told me to go take a bath and go to bed because tomorrow we were 
going to Tampa to shop for a prom gown. I said I wanted it to be a really sexy 
one. She popped my butt and point to the bathroom and said, "GO". 

Mom knew of a couple boutiques specializing in sexy clothes and went there 
first. I found the dress I wanted at the first store. It was a beautiful shade 
of burgundy and almost see-thru. It was a halter dress with a deep plunge front 
almost to my belly button and totally backless to just above the crack of my ass 
and slit up both sides almost to my hipbone. I might get thrown out of the prom 
if I wore it but I wanted it and I was going to wear it there. I got some clear 
3-inch heeled sandals to wear with it. 

Tony and I got together half-dozen times before the prom and each time we got 
together he would ask me what it looked like. All I would do was tell him the 
color and tell him it was floor length and sexy. He wanted more details and I 
told he would half to wait. I wanted to surprise him and everybody else. And if 
he didn't stop asking about the dress, I wouldn't suck him off anymore. That 
always seemed to work. What he didn't know was that I wanted to suck him off as 
much as he did. I would suck him off at least twice each date, until one night 
when he was at my house. 

That day I asked Mom just how much longer it would be until I could safely screw 
Tony. She looked at me and laughingly said, "Boy you are a horny one aren't 
you?" "Getting tired if sucking him off already?" 

I said, "No, I'll never get tired of that, it's just I just want to do more and 
my pussys' aching for it." 

See told me to give my body a few more days to get adjusted to the pills and 
then it should be a little safer. She got up and said to follow her. We went to 
her room and pulled down an old shoebox with some Polaroid's of her and Dad. I 
never knew these existed and was stunned at some of the shots. I never knew my 
dad had such a big dick. She looked though them until she found what she was 
looking for. She gave it to me and said to me, "You might want try this if you 
want to do something different. You can't get pregnant using that hole." In the 
picture she was taking it up the ass. She told me she use to love being fucked 
up the ass before she had me but that I had given her hemorrhoids, which made it 
too painful so she had to stop taking up the ass. She told me in detail the way 
she did it. She said she was planning on going to a movie she wanted to see 
tonight and if I wanted to give it a try tonight, it would give me a few hours 
along with Tony. 

Then she surprised me, she asked if I would mind if she flashed Tony a tit or 
two this afternoon before she left. I said go ahead and flash whatever she 
wanted. Tony would love it and it might even make him hornier. 

When Tony arrived Mom and I were wearing only Orlando Magic basketball jerseys. 
The armholes were down to our waist. Whenever we turned or bent over, you could 
see tit. Tony didn't know where to look. He kept reaching inside my shirt to 
play with mine and Mom kept telling him to behave himself. I told Tony that Mom 
was going to leave soon and go to a movie and we would have the house to 
ourselves. His eyes opened and an evil grin came upon his face. 

About an hour later Mom had changed into a short jean skirt and t-shirt and 
ready to leave when she dropped her purse and bent over giving Tony a full pussy 
shot. She looked at me and winked. She said she would be gone a couple hours and for us to be good. 


I shouted back, "I hope he will be." Tony looked at me like I was crazy! 

I took off my top and started removing Tony's clothes. Now naked I got on my 
knees in front of him and proceeded to get him hard. I then stood up took his 
dick in my hand and lead him to my bedroom. I lead him to the bed gave him a 
tube of K-Y gel and told him to fuck me. I got on the bed and put a pillow under 
my stomach and said, "Oh, by the way. I want you to fuck me up the ass." He 
wasted no time getting between my legs. I felt the cold gel on my asshole and 
felt one of his finger go in. I wondered what I had let myself in for. He 
removed his finger and I felt sometime hot and larger start to enter. I told him 
to go slow at first. He continued applying pressure until my resistance gave 
way. He slowly went in deeper and deeper until he stopped I could feel his balls 
against my pussy. I told him to please hold still until I got use to having a 
tree up my ass. When I said go on he slowly pulled out. I felt empty and said to 
put in back in. He started going in and out each time a little faster. Finally 
he seemed he was at warp speed and I loved it. I actually came twice before he 
shot his load deep in my ass. We took a shower together; my ass was too sore to 
be fucked again so I sucked him off in the shower. 

About an hour later we were naked on my bed, he on his back and me straddling 
him. He was hard and I was grinding my pussy against his hard-on and said to 
him, "Fuck it, I want you." I took his cock in my hand and began to lower myself 
onto him and he told me to stop. He pushed me off him and grabbed his pants. For 
an instance I thought he was mad and was leaving, but he pulled a couple condoms 
from his pocket and started putting it on. He got back in bed and I got on top 
again this time he didn't stop me. I felt my cherry pop and kept on going. It 
was great! Fucking is cool! I came three times before he came. I got to 
thinking; I had Tony in all three holes tonight. I smiled to myself as I 
thought. "Girl, You are a slut!" But I didn't care! 

When Mom came home we were asleep and still naked in my bed. She woke me first; I caught her looking at Tony's cock. I poked her in the ribs and got out of bed. 
She asked how the evening went. I told her everything. She said she was 
surprised I waited this long. She then when to one of the cabinets over the sink 
and gave me small bag. It contained three boxes of condoms. She said to always 
be safe; she wasn't ready for grandkids yet. She said she brought home some 
burgers, was hungry and wanted to eat. She then asked, "Can I go wake Tony?" 

I told her, "No mom, I've go a better idea. Let's both do it naked. We broke out 
giggling as she dropped her skirt to the ground. It has been months since a man 
had seen her naked she said, and she was getting excited. 

When Tony awoke, he saw Mom first and jumped, and then he noticed she was naked. 
Then he looked around and seen me naked on the other side of the bed. I grabbed 
his hand and said, "Come on sleepy head, Mom brought home some burgers and 
fries. Get out off bed and eat because you are going to need all your energy. 
I'm getting horny again." Mom got his other hand and we pulled him out of bed 
naked into the kitchen. Where we both teased him to no end. 

I haven't seen Mom this happy in a long time. She hasn't had a steady male in 
her life in a while and I told her that if she wanted to give Tony a try to go 
ahead. 

She said, "Thanks, but no thanks honey. He's a too young for me but I am 
enjoying being naked around and teasing him. I hope you don't mine if I keep it 
up awhile longer." 

I said to continue as long as she wanted, because I was having fun watching her 
have fun and I hadn't heard Tony complain one time all night. 

On the night of the prom, Tony, Andrew, and Will went together and rented a 
limo. They picked up Will's date, Carrie, and Andrew's date, Jenni, first. They 
where all part of the group at my eighteenth birthday party. When Tony met me at 
the front door he said I looked like a cover girl model. I did a little twirl 
and asked if him if he liked my dress. He said he loved it; it was about the 
sexiest dress he had ever seen and I looked great in it. 

When we got to the limo, the driver was checking me out. I made sure to flash 
him my pussy as I sat down. Jenni noticed and said, "Girl, your bad! Flashing 
that guy your pussy." I just smiled. 

My dress was by far the most daring dress at the prom and Jenni's wasn't far 
behind. Her's was a flowing light blue chiffon slip dress. I could make out her 
breast and the crack of her ass through the material. I told her I could see she 
was totally naked under the dress. She was surprised it was so sheer, I said it 
might be because of the strobe lighting we had. I told her not to worry but to 
enjoy the feeling of being almost naked in public. 

She took a deep breath and said that she guess that I wouldn't be the only 
person in a see-thru dress at the dance then. During the prom, I found out that 
if I bent over a bit and shook my shoulders a bit; one of my tits could pop out 
of the dress. I used this procedure a few times that night, enjoying myself. 
When about two hours into the dance, the vice-principle said that if I couldn't 
keep breast in my dress I would have to leave. I said "OK" and started to dance 
again, except that I dance harder. Out pop a tit, but I didn't put it back in. I 
kept dancing out popped the other. I looked left and here comes the VP. He told 
me I had to leave now. 

I found Jenni, and Will and said they wanted me to leave and to let's go back to 
my house and finish that party we started a few weeks ago. They all agreed. Back 
at my house I made sure one of my tits was out for the driver when I climbed out 
of the limo. 

Mom wanted to know why we were home so early. Jenni said it was because I 
couldn't keep my tits in the dress. 

I told Mom I wanted to show her, so I turned on the stereo and started to dance. 
As I to move around good one popped out. I said it was ashame I couldn't dance 
nude. 

Tony told me to go ahead and do it, he would love to see me dance naked. 
Everybody agreed with him so I took off the dress and started to dance nude I 
front of everyone. Mom told me good night and went to her room. 

I got Jenni and Carrie to dance with me and I soon had them naked too. Carrie 
was also wearing a dress only tonight. All three of us girls dance in front of 
the guys. Each one was sitting down and we took turns dancing in front of each 
and every one. Before long everyone was naked and on the living room floor in 
one big pile. It was fun being felt up by anyone and everyone at the same time. 
I was kissing on, grabbing onto anything and everything, male or female that got 
in front of me. One time I remember having one dick in one hand, a tit in the 
other, and a dick in my mouth while someone was licking my pussy. Finally we 
separated and had the boys lie on their backs on the floor and we girls put 
condoms on them and took turns on each one a few seconds before moving to the 
next cock. We rode each one a couple time each before ending up with our dates 
and riding them until they came. 

After sex we were all hungry so I went asked Mom if she would order us some 
pizzas. I told the guys to remain naked when my Mom came back into the room. I 
wanted her to see them. Mom didn't even flinch when she walked into the room 
saying pizza would be here in about half-an-hour. She sat down between naked 
Jenni and a naked me and talked to us bout the prom. 

Then Tony said that my mother didn't look right. I didn't see anything wrong 
with her and asked what he meant. He said she had clothes on. I looked back at 
Mom and stood up. I told her to raise her arms and when she did, Jenni and I 
removed her big t-shirt. The guys all told her how good she looked. 

You should have seen the delivery boy's face when 4 girls answered the door 
naked. I was the one that opened the door naked the others all ran to the door 
when I yelled pizza had arrived.

I caught Mom sitting naked on Tony's lap when I came out of the shower later 
that night. She wasn't having sex with him but he was sucking on her tits as she 
played with his dick.

When she seen I wasn't upset, I told her that Tony had admitted to me how he 
would like to screw her if he had the chance and for them to go ahead. I watched 
as Mom took Tony's dick and slid herself forward and lowered herself onto his 
stiff member. The look on Mom's face was priceless. I sat back on another couch 
and played with myself as I watched them. It was beautiful. 

Tony moved in with Mom and me after he graduated, but sleeps with me. Only the 
occasional fuck of Mom when she needs it. We are all-naked most off the time. We 
took Tony to our little nudist resort and he enjoyed it. With Tony around I have 
become even more daring with my exhibitionism. He likes to dare me to flash 
someone or remove some or all of my clothes in public places. This past Sunday I 
was dared to stand topless, out the sunroof of his car, as we drove in front of 
a large church, blowing his horn, while many people where leaving. I had to 
laugh at all the looks of shock in those faces. I had a blast! 

That same afternoon we went bike riding along 'Beach Road', me in just a 
micro-bikini top and real short flared tennis skirt. Tony rode behind me to 
protect me, a few cars actually slowed to follow me a bit. Tony said my skirt 
didn't even reach the bike seat, thus causing the lower ass cheeks to hang out 
for all to see. Our ride lasted about half-an-hour and when we got back to my 
house, we ended up fucking on the grass in the back yard. We had to take a 
shower to wash off the grass and dirt and wound up having sex standing in the 
shower. 

One of my most daring episodes happened this past 4th of July. I ran around all 
day at the beach I my new 'Wicked Weasel' lime green mesh g-string. It turned 
very see-thru when it got wet and I got it wet often. For supper that night I 
pulled on a bright lime green mesh cover-up over the suit and Tony and I went to 
a local beach restaurant. The cool air-conditioning had my nipples sticking way 
out; I loved the looks that people me. That evening before it got dark, I 
removed my suit and paraded up and down the beach and boardwalk in my see-thru dress until the fireworks. We found a nice spot along the sand dunes to spread 
out a blanket, surrounded by hundreds of people to watch the fireworks over the 
ocean. Once the fireworks started, Tony and I started our on little show. 
Luckily there were no children nearby or else I probably couldn't have gotten 
Tony to fuck me then and there. 

I kept teasing him while we waited. I would stoke his cock thru his shorts; 
straddle him while I kissed him, all the while grinding my pussy onto his 
hard-on. He would slide his hand up and down my back grabbing hold of my exposed ass cheeks. He had worked my dress up to my waist, but I didn't let that stop me. It just made me hotter. When the fireworks finally started, we got into a 
spoon position with Tony behind me. I heard him slide down his shorts and then 
felt that wonderful cock up against my wet pussy. I was so ready he slid all the 
way in on the first push. In a few minutes the fireworks finale started, ours 
did too. People were whistling and clapping, was it for the fireworks or Tony 
and I. I looked around and a few people were watching us. I smiled and gave a 
little way as Tony picked up the blanket to leave. I wanted to go down to the 
water and wash up a bit before we left but Tony brought my attention to a couple 
deputies slowing walking down the beach towards us. We left then before anyone 
complained to them. 

I've noticed that the more blatant my exhibition is the more excited I become. 
Tony was joking around the other day said that since I like being seen naked by 
strangers so much that I ought to become an exotic dancer. I just punched him in 
the shoulder then but the more I think about it, the more I like the idea. 
Getting paid to do something I enjoy is very tempting. So I just might give it a 
try soon. Besides it would help pay for college, I'm getting tired of asking, 
"Would you like fries with that?" 

I just wonder just how big of an exhibitionist I would be now if I had started 
showing off on purpose in let's say the 9th grade instead of the 12th grade. 
Then I feel sad just thinking of all the fun I must have missed. 





