(This story is a work of fiction. Any similarities with the character Kait, any place or thing are strictly coincidental. The actresses Anna Torv and Summer Glau are used in this story for fictional story purposes only. Their behavior here does not represent them or their nature in real life.)

__Kaits dreams have become a reality__



Kait lay naked on her bed covered in sweat from head to toe. Her toes still curled, and her mound slick with juices. She ached, but in a pleasurable way. She breathed heavily as she inhaled the smells of sex that filled the air. Her breathing slowed, and her toes began to un-curl.  The moonlight made the sweat glisten on her soft nude skin.

She awoke from a dream. In the dream, she had met two of her favorite actresses; Anna Torv and Summer Glau. She never actually saw their faces in her dream, but she knew that it was them. They lay in Kait's bed under a warm blanket, and at first talked. As the topics of conversation began to heat up, so did the situation. They began to dare one another to do silly, yet flirty things. One thing led to another and the three were touching, rubbing and licking each other to orgasm after orgasm. Unfortunately for Kait, the dream was short lived, and simply just a dream.

As Kait playfully licked her fingers after dipping them into her pussy, she stood up to go into the restroom. The light from the moon helped to guide her around through the darkness. Once inside the bathroom, she flipped the light switch on. It was brighter now, and Kait stood naked in front of a tall mirror that allowed herself to see her whole body. Her light brown skin and dark hair enhanced her features. Her c cup breasts with large brown nipples. Her perfect round ass. Her thick, shaved mound. Her soft lips and brown eyes. Her body was to die for, and she knew it. As she took one last look at her body, she turned on the shower to clean herself from the night's fantasy sex.

The water felt good raining down all over her skin. The steam filled the shower, and eventually the rest of the room. Soap slid between her breasts, and she felt herself tingle as it escaped down her stomach reaching her throbbing slit. She cooed, and the dream she had during the night crowded her mind with no escape. That was enough to make her wet beyond the showers persuasion.

"Oh fuck!" Kait continued to moan. She reached for the shower head and detached it from the base. At first she let the hot water spray on her nipples. It was an exciting and sensuous feeling. She allowed the shower head to fit in place between her thighs and the water danced off her clitoris and swelling lips.

"Uh, oh my god!" She shivered in delight as her juices dripped down her legs mixing with the hot shower water. With the shower head still in place she continued to feel the pressure as she slowly and seductively grind against it.

Kait paused her sexual impulses as she heard a faint knock on the living room door to her apartment. She let out a sigh, then exited the shower wrapping a fresh purple towel around her body, tucking it in beside her right breast. Wandering closer to the door, she noticed an envelope on the floor. She knelt down to pick it up, and as she stood back up, she looked through the peephole. Nobody was there.

Kait sat on her sofa, rested back against the pillows and looked over the envelope. Blank. She opened it and pulled out the letter hidden inside. As she unfolded it, she noticed that it had been written in handwriting that she did not recognize. It read:

Kait,
Come to the Old Royale Theatre tonight at midnight. Bring your camera. It will be worth everything. You won't regret it.

There was no signature. The letter was short, but it left Kait curious. She wondered who wrote it first and foremost. Second, she remembered that the Old Royale Theatre had been closed for the past three years. This gave her an uneasy, yet exciting feeling. Her decision: go.

The time was midnight. She stood in front of the historic theatre where many famous acts performed. The windows were closed, and the doors shut tight. Upon taking a closer look, Kait noticed that one of the large entry doors had been cracked slightly, and a dim glow was seen. Curiosity grew and she walked to the door, pulling it open then closing it behind her. As she turned around, she saw where the glow had been coming from. Candles ran along her left and right directing her towards the two doors belonging to the main theatre. She walked closer, and as she did, the camera shifted back and forth between each breast. Her hands grabbed hold of both door handles, and she pulled them open. As she did, she noticed the stage having been set up. Lighting was fixed around a large, welcoming bed. Perfect sheets of purple and black.

As she walked onto the stage, she sat her camera down and relaxed on the bed. She lay back. It felt amazing, comfortable and inviting. Things seemed so familiar, and so new to her.

Giving multiple glances in every direction, Kait shrugged, and figured most likely she was all alone, at least for now. An uncontrollable urge came over her, and without hesitation, she gave in. With another few quick glances, she unzipped her pants, and slowly slipped her right hand down inside her panties. The wetness was minimal at first, but soon with the help of probing fingers rubbing against her clit, the juices flowed and soaked her panties. Her eyes closed as she reached the most intense orgasm she had ever felt.

"I guess I'm glad that we came," a woman's voice was heard from behind the bedpost.

"Uh huh," another woman agreed.

Kait lay frozen in place. "Who is there?" Kait asked feeling nervous.

No answer.

"Please, who is there?" She called again feeling vulnerable.

From both sides of the bed two women stepped out. Both wore black and pink "Hello Kitty" shirts. Kait instantly recognized who they were.

"Oh my god!" Kait blushed. On her left stood Anna Torv. Her thin, sexy frame, long blonde hair and engaging eyes made Kait melt. She felt more wetness between her thighs. To her right was Summer Glau. Her body was hot, with long brown hair and sweet tanned skin like honey.

"Oh my god!" Kait repeated, unknowing of what else to say.

Both ladies sat down on each side of Kait.

"You look very surprised," Summer spoke.

"Uh, what do you mean?" Kait responded.

"Well, I take it you didn't send us the letters," Anna said, raising a curious eyebrow.

"N-no, I got one too," Kait finished. "What did your letters say?"

Anna got up to grab a letter from a stand directly behind one of the lights. As she sat back down, she opened it and read it aloud. It read:

Anna,
I invite you to come to the Old Royale Theatre. I have a photo shoot set up for you. Something new, and different that I'm sure you will like. The time is midnight, and wardrobe will be waiting for you in the dressing room behind the main stage. Please come. I promise you an experience that you won't soon forget. Enclosed is compensation for any expenses and directions. Thank you, and I will see you at midnight.

Kait perused the letter and noticed the same handwriting. Again, no signature.

"Mine said the same thing," Summer said.

"From what we gather, you are going to take a set of pictures of us," Anna smiled, "so let's get started."

Summer agreed.

Kait picked up her camera and the shoot began. Anna and Summer rolled around in many positions, even some naughty ones too. Kait smiled. The constant clicks of the camera were dulled by giggles between the two women. Kait smiled again, licking her lips as she stole glances between the thighs of the two noticing they both were bare and shaved.

"Now one more pic if you girls don't mind," Kait blushed.

"Sure," they responded.

Kait climbed onto the bed in between them and aimed the camera inward to the three. Before Kait clicked the camera, Anna and Summer kissed each of Kait's cheeks. Kait melted and the camera snapped the perfect photo.

A little time had passed by, and Summer, Kait and Anna rest on the bed. The conversations between them started from careers, to personal life. Some juicy details surfaced. Stimulating conversation really brought Kait to her knees practically begging for more.

"So Kait, what are you thinking right now?" Anna asked, bringing Kait out of her thoughts and back into reality. This question caught her off guard.

"Uh, um, what do you mean?" Kait brushed her hair from her eyes, and she could feel the heat rise in her body.

"Yeah Kait, what is on your mind?" Summer asked, smiling seductively. Kait began to wonder if they knew. Figuring this was her chance, she blurted out, "I was just thinking about you licking each other's pussies." Suddenly, she wondered if she should have kept it to herself.

Anna and Summer smiled. They looked at each other and back at Kait. Anna lay back onto the bed and Summer lay between her legs, placed her hair behind her right ear and said, "Like this?" As Anna parted her legs more, she pulled apart her smooth mound revealing a juicy pink center. Summer opened her mouth and pushed her tongue out touching Anna's mound. She ran it slowly up her pussy and Anna moaned in pleasure.

"Oh fuck," Kait moaned along, unzipping her pants and dropping them to the stage below. Next, her panties slipped down. Her shaven, wet mound hot and moist felt a breeze against it that tickled the senses.

"Mmm, tastes good," Summer moaned as she indulged in Anna's sweet hole.

"Lick my pussy, baby," Anna cooed as she came into Summer's mouth.

"Mmm, yummy."

Kait stood rubbing her pussy to the sight before her. Her tongue salivated as she wanted to taste the hot juices that dripped from Anna's cunt. She stepped forward and lay next to Summer between Anna's thighs. They both kissed and sucked each other's tongues. As the two lay there beside each other, they fingered each other's slippery fuck holes while they licked and sucked on Anna's sweet pussy.

"Oh fuck! Oh fuck yeah!" Kait moaned loudly as she felt two fingers enter her making her shake and cum hard every few seconds.

"Yeah, you like that?"

"Oh yeah!"

Anna moved out of position and Kait lay down in her place. Summer's fingers remained inside her cunt, and now Anna and Summer were between Kait's thighs. Anna rubbed on Kait's clit while Summer continued to finger fuck Kait to even more intense orgasms.

"Yeah, eat my pussy! Oh fuck, eat my pussy!" Kait begged.

They obliged. Taking turns they first teased with their tongues, then the more they licked the more into it they became. Anna began to suck on Kait's nipples as Summer kept fucking her with her tongue. Summer moved from pussy to ass and licked around Kait's anus. They both moaned.

"Oh yeah, lick my ass," Kait moaned softly, overwhelmed by the sensations she felt.

Anna slipped her fingers inside Kait's hole while Summer continued to lick her ass. Kait was ready to cum, and as she felt it build up, she let out a squeal of delight and came the hardest and most intense orgasm that she ever had. Ever.

The girls lay down on the bed next to each other. Kait in the middle.

"Oh my god," she spoke.

"What is it?" Summer asked.

"This is exactly how my dream went last night."

"What?"

"Oh wow, exactly how it went now that I think about it. The visuals are coming back now."

"How could that be possible?" Anna asked.

"I don't know. Its crazy. I mean, how crazy is it that we all got letters from an unknown person? How crazy is it that it happened to be you two? And how crazy is it that it is exactly how my dream went? It's like someone knew already."

"Whoa, that is crazy," Anna muttered, but smiled happily.

"Exactly," Summer agreed, "but it was so much fun, Kait."

"Yes, it was. I haven't had this much fun in a long time."

"I'm so happy that I have met you both in person," Kait smiled.

The two smiled, then got up to go dress themselves. Kait lay back onto the bed.

As Kait lay there for a few minutes, she didn't hear anything. She began to wonder if she had another dream. It made her feel unhappy, and the thought of it being just another dream made her feel disappointed. The more she lay there, the more dreamlike it seemed to be. Feeling the loneliness set in, she got dressed and grabbed her camera. It appeared to be in the same place that she left it when she first got to the theatre. Turning to take one last look at the rear of the stage, she sighed, then started to walk.

"Hey, where are you going?" A female voice called out to Kait.

She turned around, and there stood Anna and Summer. Anna had a look of sadness on her face. "I thought we could have breakfast, the three of us. And also, exchange information," Anna admitted excitedly.

Kait smiled. "I would love to."

As the three headed out of the theatre, they kissed one last time before entering the real world.
