"Mr. Frodo, there's someone come to see you from Minas Tirith."

Frodo stirred on the soft bed where he had been resting. Though strength and health were returning to him, he spent hours each day sleeping or lying quietly, savoring the sweet air of Ithilien and the blessed absence of fear.

Smiling at Sam, he swung his legs over the edge of the bed and sat up. Sam had an odd look in his eyes that Frodo could not read.

"Who is it? I don't know anyone from there."

"Well, then, the sooner you get up and go see, the sooner you'll find out, won't you?"

"All right," Frodo grumbled. "You are mysterious."

Sam grabbed Frodo's hand as he walked past him. Frodo looked at him in surprise--it had been many days since Sam had done that willingly. Always, even among the joyous celebrations at the Field of Cormallen, there lay the strain of Sam's unreturned love between them. Grateful tears started in his eyes at the simple gesture of friendship.

"Go on." Sam pushed him toward the opening of the tent.

With a few steps, Frodo stood at the tent's opening and looked out onto the green lawn. Many bright tents sheltering the victorious Lords of the West were pitched there, his tent among them. It still surprised and humbled him that they did him such honor. But now, as he stood there blinking a little in the sunlight, he had no eyes for the tents or their inhabitants.

A tall figure approached him from across the lawn. The last time he had seen him, he had been clad in the green of a ranger of Ithilien. Today the man wore the more formal attire befitting the house of the Steward of Gondor.

Frodo grew a little dizzy as Faramir stopped a few paces in front of him and looked at him gravely. Returning the look for a moment, Frodo turned back questioningly to Sam.

"It's all right, Mr. Frodo. It's as it should be. Remember, there's Rosie waiting for me back in the Shire."

"Truly, Sam?"

"Yes." Sam smiled. It was almost true for Sam and would be once he was home again where he belonged. He believed that with all his heart.

Frodo turned back to Faramir and walked toward him. Gray Numenorean eyes watched him tenderly. Surveying Frodo for changes in body and soul, Faramir's eyes lingered over the delicate features of his fair face. The alabaster skin was tinted pale rose at his too-hollow cheeks. Looking at the full lips, he remembered kissing their vulnerable corners. Wide blue eyes he had thought never to see again smiled at him without fear or pain or weariness--only joy.

His gaze moved down Frodo's body and stopped at his maimed hand. Dropping to his knees, he cradled the small hand in his large ones.

"Does it pain you much?"

"Some, but it has healed more quickly than I thought possible. Aragorn's skill as a healer is great."

"He healed me, too. I was wounded when my men and I were set upon by the Nazgul as we retreated from Osgiliath to Minas Tirith. Aragorn's voice called me back from the fevered dream in which I wandered."

"I did not know. You are recovered?"

"Yes. Walk with me?"

Frodo nodded. Faramir stood up, and they moved away from the densely populated lawn into the woods that surrounded it.

Wandering a winding path through the summer woods, they talked a little, content to be in each other's company.

"We are near Henneth Annun. Do you remember it?" asked Faramir softly.

"It is familiar, but my memory is still not good for details."

"Do you remember the night we spent together?"

Frodo ducked his head and flushed, the rosy glow matching his cheeks. "Near the end, it was the only good thing I held in my mind."

They stepped into a quiet glade by a small stream. The sounds from the camp had faded, and all was silent except for the sound of the stream as it flowed around a stony outcrop in its midst. Faramir sat on a large rock that lay half-buried at the edge of the stream and held his hand out to Frodo.

Placing his trembling hand in Faramir's, Frodo sat down on his lap. Wrapping his arms about his waist, Faramir pulled Frodo close and rested his cheek on top of his head. Frodo closed his eyes with a contented sigh.

Their breathing synchronized, they rested quietly. Faramir moved his hand up Frodo's lithe back and cupped the back of his head. Laying back in this new embrace, Frodo smiled up at him. Faramir touched his fingers to his lips, tracing their soft roundness before lowering his head to the hobbit's Elvish face. He brushed his lips back and forth with a slight friction. Frodo, grown impatient, turned the light brushing into a kiss. He put his arms around Faramir's neck and strained upward, gasping at the rediscovered sweetness. As their kiss deepened, their mouths opened to each other and their tongues met, tasting each other.

Frodo put his mouth to the hollow of Faramir's throat and felt his lover's quickened pulse. Trailing the back of his fingers down his face, he delighted in the slightly rough sensation of the man's skin that was so different from his own smoothness.

Standing up with Frodo still clasped in his arms, Faramir knelt in the springy grass that bordered the stream. Spreading his cloak on the ground, he laid Frodo on it and curved his body around him.

"I heard what you and Sam said at the tent. I don't want to come between you."

"You did that already at Henneth Annun--we did that. It wasn't you alone. He saw us together that night. I didn't realize he cared for me that way until after we had left you and he had changed toward me. He was so angry with me. I hurt him terribly."

"What did you do?"

"I tried to fix it. I thought we were going to die--I wanted to make him happy. He was at first, but I couldn't hide how I felt and he knew it. In the end, it was even worse than if I had done nothing."

"You made love with him?"

"Yes."

Faramir rolled on his back and stared up at the sky, jaw clenched. Frodo peered anxiously at him, panic welling up at the sight of his stern profile. Hesitantly, he touched his shoulder.

"Forgive me. I know it was wrong of me, all wrong. I thought I would never see you again. Please look at me."

Slowly, Faramir turned his face to Frodo, eyes closed. Frodo felt as if a band had tightened around his chest as he waited for Faramir's response. Tears spilled down his cheeks, his face crumpled in misery. Rolling away from Faramir, he curled into a tight ball and wept.

"No apologies," Faramir said softly. "You did as you thought best. I do not question your actions. Even if I did, what right do I have? We met only once and never thought that we would see each other again in this world."

Gentle hands pulled at Frodo's shoulders, turning him around. Opening his eyes, Frodo looked into Faramir's face and was surprised to see tears there.

"Are you angry with me?"

"I can't deny that it hurts to know you lay with Sam. I am a jealous man where it concerns you, strange though that is to me. It hurts me even more to know that you suffered from our night together in addition to everything else you endured--to know that I brought you pain."

Frodo's face relaxed.

"No more tears." Faramir stroked Frodo's face, wiping away his tears.

Frodo stole into Faramir's open arms, rubbing his face against his lover's shoulder. 
They pulled at each other's clothes with trembling hands, laughing a little at their impatience. As Frodo tugged at Faramir's trousers, his eyes widened at the sight of his hardening penis.

Faramir caressed his cheek lightly. "Don't worry. I'll be careful."

Laying back, Frodo closed his eyes as he felt the sun on his naked body--Faramir's gaze on him warmed him even more.

Faramir traced the white line of the scar on Frodo's shoulder with his fingers and pressed his mouth firmly to it. Frodo sighed at the touch.

Faramir murmured, "I have a wound of my own. Sometimes I think I can still feel the poison in my veins even though I know Aragorn healed me."

"Show me."

He moved Frodo's hand to the small puckered scar on his chest.

"We were close to Minas Tirith when the Nazgul came and the dart struck me. I would have died on the field had it not been for the charge from the city that Imrahil and Gandalf led."

Frodo looked intently at the scar that was so akin to his own and kissed it gently.

"Tell me when it troubles you."

"And you as well--when the shadows press close."

Faramir pulled Frodo into his arms and held him tightly for a moment. Gripping his thin arms, he pushed him onto his back. Frodo's breath shortened as Faramir rubbed his face against his chest, nipples hardening at the scratchy friction. He squirmed on the cloak when Faramir's mouth fastened on one stiff nipple and sucked hard. The feel of the warm tongue went straight to his groin, his hardening penis jerking against his belly.

Faramir groaned into Frodo's throat, nipping at the tender flesh. "I can't wait any more."

Frodo eagerly opened his thighs. His eyes flew open as Faramir's mouth closed over his body's small opening and his tongue pushed into him. Faint from the feel of it circling inside him, Frodo's eyes rolled back in his head and then closed again--thick lashes feathered against his cheek, face lightly beaded with sweat, mouth working.

"Faramir ... please ... I can't ... I ..."

Frodo twisted as long fingers took the place of the mouth now moving higher.

"No ... please ... no ..."

"Do you want me to stop?" Faramir drew his mouth and fingers away from Frodo.

"Oh, no ... don't stop ... oh ..."

"Tell me."

"Please ..."

"Please what?"

"In me ... come in me ... now ..."

Faramir lay between Frodo's thighs and trembled as he pushed himself into damp heat. Frodo cried out from the sharp penetration.

"Do you want me to stop?"

"No, don't stop ... don't ever stop ..."

Faramir quickly covered Frodo's mouth with his own, turning his cry of pain into a moan of pleasure. He slowly pressed his full length into him and then lay still, hands pulling small buttocks to him. Breathing hard from the thick penetration, Frodo's hands gripped Faramir's back. Faramir withdrew and then thrust again. And again.

"Did he do it to you like this? Did you like it?"

"No ... no ... I wanted you. I always just wanted you."

"You have me now. I'll not leave you again."

Frodo moved in a quickening rhythm with Faramir, crying out with each thrust. His head tossed back and forth restlessly, his arms spread wide, hands clutching at the cloak, body arching. Their rhythm grew ragged. With a final deep thrust, Faramir toppled over the edge. As his seed spurted, Frodo ejaculated against Faramir's belly. They ground against each other, savoring the last drop of pleasure. Their urgent motion slowed into a sweet stillness as they panted from their exertion.

Bodies still joined, Faramir rolled them over so that Frodo lay on top of him. He drew a corner of the cloak around them to keep the evening chill from Frodo's tender body. They lay together quietly, breathing in the sharp scent of their lovemaking.

In the deep of the night, they lay together drowsily in Faramir's tent. Faramir rocked Frodo in his arms.

"Nothing will ever hurt you again."