Carly was 18 and had never tried a cigarette before, even though she had wanted to for years, she never had the nerve to actually try it. One night she was watching a movie with her mother and wasn't really paying attention to it because she was memorized by her mums cigarette, Marie noticed Carly starring and decided to asked her

"Have you been smoking? its ok if you have"

Carly was a bit startled by the question

"Err... No but some of my friends have started recently and sometimes I have been temped, just to see what it's like"

Marie had the fetish and always wanted Carly to show an interest in smoking

"I surprised you haven't tried it, would you like to try one now?

Carly was a bit embarrassed 

"There's no need to be nervous Carly"

Marie handed her an already lit cigarette and got a fresh one for herself

"Just do what I do, you'll be fine"

Marie took a small drag opened her mouth and inhaled holding for a second then exhaling across the room. Carly looked at her cigarette in amazement and after a brief pause she brought it to her lips took a tiny puff and inhaled, she froze as she felt the jolt in her chest and Marie smiled 

"Not what you were expecting?"

"No, it's weird but I think I like it"

Carly brought it back to her lips and took bigger drag this time and immediately started coughing

"Take it slow at first Carly"

"Oh my god, how do you do this all the time"

"After a while you just get used to it"

Carly had two more drags and began to feel light headed

"How are you feeling? Put it out if you like" 

"Yeah I think I will, I feel Light headed but I like it"

"Well if want to continue smoking that's ok with me" 

"Thanks, I think I'd like to try it a few more times"

Marie was thrilled that Carly had shown an interest in smoking and decided that tomorrow she would let Carly board the nicotine train. Carly came home the 
next day and after dinner Marie called her into the living room asked her if she was sure she wanted to start smoking, Carly eagerly nodded and Marie began telling her some ground rules.

"I want you to learn to smoke this E-cigarette first because as you know smoking is bad for you and if you decide to quit it will be easier to quit the E-cig. 
If you wish to continue smoking I will let you start smoking for real"

Marie lit a cigarette and passed the E-cig to Carly

"Ok so I just smoke this the same way"

She sucked on the E-cig and inhaled feeling a tightness in her throat

"Yes, what's it like?"

"It's different to your cigarette but I like it"

"You can smoke that as much as you want, but stop if you start feeling dizzy" 

Marie didn't want to put Carly off smoking after all. For the first few days Carly had about 15 drags of the E-cig every day after work but with the arrival of the weekend the pattern changed a bit, she was watching her mum smoke after breakfast on Saturday and decided to get her E-cig and a have a few puffs. She ended up having 30-40 drags on Saturday and the same on Sunday. Monday morning came and she went to work without having a drag and Marie took this opportunity to replace the medium strength nicotine cartridge with the High strength one. Carly arrived home from work and had her dinner and then went to get her E-cig, she took a drag an inhaled and felt amazing but she got dizzy after just a few drags so she put it down for a while.
She returned to it later that night and had more drags in one sitting than she ever had before, matching Marie drag for drag. Marie looked at her and knew it wouldn't be long before the E-cig wouldn't be enough for her anymore. Next morning after breakfast Carly returned to her room to get her bag and saw the E-cig on her bedside table and decided she would like a few drags before work today, when she arrived home she had a few drags before dinner for the first time and had 3-4 drags every time Marie had a cigarette that night and this pattern continued for about 3 weeks.
It was Easter weekend and Marie and Carly both had four days off work. On Friday morning after breakfast she went to get her E-cig and couldn't find it

"Have you seen my cig mum?"

"Oh I threw it away"

Carly started to panic, unknowingly feeling for the first time ever a real craving, her skin was crawling. 

"What's wrong with me?" she thought to herself

Marie lit up a cigarette and took a huge drag and offered the cigarette to her daughter, Carly grabbed it and took a drag and inhaled and immediately started coughing 

"Go slowly at first hun, real cigarettes are stronger than that E-cig you've been smoking"

Carly managed only a few drags of that cigarette and gave it back her to mum

"Thanks mum it's stronger than I remember"

Twenty minutes later her craving returned, she had only felt like this before when she first woke up in a morning but this was much more intense.

"Can I have a cigarette please mum?"

"Of course, here you go. Look I know today might be difficult for you but will get used to cigarettes very quickly"

Carly managed nearly the whole cigarette this time. After lunch Marie offered Carly another.

"Would you like another cigarette dear?

Carly did want one but her throat was sore from earlier so decided to not to have one.

"No thanks mum my I have a sore throat"

Thirty minutes later the craving returned stronger this time and it was too much for her handle

"Can I have cig please mum"

Marie smiled at her and gave her a cigarette and lit it for her, Carly double pumped for the first time and held the smoke with smile on her face.

"Feels good doesn't it?"

"Mmm" 

"You will start to feel cravings more often now that you are smoking for real and it feels better to quench them every time!"

Marie was so happy she had got Carly smoking and she knew she was hooked 

"What do you mean? cravings?"

"I mean that your body is now used to having a regular amount of nicotine in it, it will start to ask for more nicotine and I think it already has"

Carly was taken back by this statement. 

"I just want to smoke when I want to, on my terms"

"I'm sorry but smoking doesn't work like that I'm afraid" 

They smoked together for the rest of the day, Carly was trying not to accept every cigarette that her mum offered but she still smoked 7 that day. Next 
morning Carly woke up with a big craving and realized this is what her mum was talking about. Her mother wasn't up yet so she looked around for some cigarettes but could find none she became fidgety and started sweating just as Marie came down she noticed her daughter was desperate for a cigarette. 

"Oh I'm so sorry Carly I should have left some cigarettes out for you" 

She offered Carly a cigarette which she grabbed quickly lit up

"Thanks mum"

Marie made breakfast and coffee and offered Carly another cigarette as soon as she had finished which she also took. After breakfast Marie said she was going shopping and asked Carly if she wanted to come.

"Would you like to come shopping with me today?"

"Yeah, sounds good I'll go get ready" 

They got to the shopping centre and Marie had a cigarette before going in.

"Would like one Carly"

"No thanks mum, not in public"

Marie knew she would try to fight the cravings but also knew she would give in later. They walked around for an hour or so and Marie needed another cigarette.

"Come on hun I need a cig let's go outside"

As they got outside Marie lit up

"Ahh that's better, would you like one Carly?

"I've told you already, not in public"

Marie noticed she was irritated and smiled. As they returned to the shopping centre Carly started craving a smoke more than she ever had before and regretted 
not taking the last one, for the next 2 hours Marie watched her daughter struggling to cope without nicotine and decided she would put her out of her misery went outside again.

"I need another cigarette you can wait here if you want"

"Oh no I'll come with you"

Marie had no intentions of offering Carly a cigarette this time she wanted her to ask for one herself. As Marie lit up Carly was starring at her mums pack she 
was shaking in anticipation of badly needed cigarette and when Marie didn't offer her one Carly was confused and watched her mum smoke half a cigarette before she cracked

"Mum"

"Yes dear?"

"Can I have a cig please?

Marie smiled and gave her a cigarette Carly placed it in her lips and waited for her mum to give her a light, as soon as it was lit she took a drag and inhaled and its was the best feeling she had ever had. 

"I thought you didn't want to smoke in public?"

"I don't but I really needed this one, I couldn't help it" 

"Well if you don't smoke for a few hours that's what happens"

They returned to the shopping centre but only 20 minutes later Carly felt another craving, she realized her mum was right about the cravings and decided she would rather just start smoking more often than put up with the cravings. As she thought about this she realized she had just described a smoker. She was a smoker. She's addicted. She needs nicotine. 
She turned to her mum and smiled

"Can I have another cigarette please mum?"

"Already, are you sure?" 

"Yes mum I'm sure"

Marie smiled back and gave her daughter a cigarette. As soon as they were outside they both had unlit cigarettes dangling from their lips, Marie got her lighter and lit Carly's first and then her own. 

"I really wasn't sure if you were going to continue smoking or not, you didn't seem to like cigarettes as much as the E-cig"

"The E-cig was good, I liked the light headed feeling I got from it and the cigarettes were just really harsh at first. They're so much better than the E-cig now though"

"So I guess this means you want to continue smoking"

"Yes please mum, I'd like that"

"Welcome to the club"

Over the first few days Carly typically had one cigarette after breakfast and then one every two hours or so, smoking around 8-10 cigarettes per day but it didn't take long for Carly's smoking to develop and she was now having a cigarette before breakfast and after as well as smoking more often through the day and soon she was a pack a day girl just like her mum.

