The Halloween Party
by Humilatron

“Come on, Gracie, everyone’s invited,” Kylie said. “You wouldn’t want to be the only one to not go.”

“Aren’t we a bit old for Halloween parties, Kylie?” Gracie said. “We’re 22 years old, for God’s sake.”

“But the whole point is to have a High School reunion, Gracie! Heck I’m guessing Hunter will be there, don’t you want to impress him and dress up all sexy?” Kylie said.

“You really think Hunter is going to waste his time at some dumb party?” Gracie asked.

“It’s not a waste of time!” Kylie yelled. “I’ll tell you what, if you don’t buy a costume, I’ll provide you one. But either way, you’ll be going to the party.”

Gracie rolled her eyes. “Fine, get me whatever costume you want. I don’t care about the stupid party.”

“Alright, but you can’t complain,” Kylie said, grinning at the idea of being able to choose Gracie’s costume.

Kylie left Gracie alone and headed for the costume shop, thinking about all the possibilities.



Kylie went up and down the adult section of the store, looking at all of the lewd costumes. Then, one costume caught her eye. She grinned. “Perfect. Let’s see Gracie pull off this one.”

Grinning wide, Kylie purchased the costume and then returned back to the apartment where Gracie was sitting on the couch. “Kylie, what’s with the grin on your face?”

“Nothing, you’ll see,” Kylie said. “Tomorrow, you’ll be wearing this great costume I bought for you. And remember, you can’t complain because you agreed to this.”

“Please it can’t be that bad,” Gracie scoffed.

“Well, you’ll see,” Kylie said.

Gracie gave Kylie a bit of a concerned look, but shrugged it off. “Whatever,” Gracie scoffed and headed to her room.



The next day Gracie just sat around, doing pretty much nothing until Kylie came into her room dressed in a very sexy vampire costume, holding a costume bag. “Okay, Gracie. It’s time to strip your clothes off,” Kylie said. “You need to get changed into your costume.”

Gracie rolled her eyes, but stripped to her underwear. “Okay, hand me the costume.”

“No, Gracie. You need to be naked to wear this costume,” Kylie said.

“Why naked? Can’t I wear it over my underwear?” Gracie asked.

“You could, but it would defeat the purpose, now take your underwear off,” Kylie ordered. “Or I’ll skip the costume all together and just make you go like that.”

Gracie took her underwear off and stood naked in front of Kylie. It wasn’t anything new, they’d seen each other naked all the time, they did live together after all. “There, now give me my clothes,” Gracie said.

“Oh wow, freshly shaved?” Kylie said. “That’s adorable.”

Gracie blushed and covered her crotch, which had been shaved that morning down to its stubble. “I was...experimenting,” Gracie said. “Now give me my costume.”

Kylie grinned and pulled the costume out of the bag. “You’re wearing this tonight, Gracie.”

Gracie stared at what was in Kylie’s hands. “That’s not a costume!”

She stared at the skimpiest leafiest bikini she had ever seen. The bottom half was a skimpy bikini bottom with leaves in the front. The top half draped over the front but left the back half completely open. “It IS a costume,” Kylie said. “It’s for Eve.”

“Eve?!” Gracie yelled.

“Of course, if you don’t like it, you can just go like that, and you would still be Eve. I just thought you might want a little more modesty,” Kylie said, grinning mischievously.

“I can’t.... you can’t...”

“I remind you, I gave you the chance to choose your own costume, and you turned it down. You can’t complain now. If you wanted a better costume, you should’ve picked it out yourself. Now you’re going in this or nothing at all!” Kylie yelled.

“Fine! I’ll wear it,” Gracie grumbled, not seeing much of a choice, grabbing the bikini.

Kylie watched as Gracie put on the costume and she held her composure when she was done getting dressed.

“Perfect,” Kylie said. “Man, you look so hot, Gracie. You’re actually pulling it off!”

“You think?” Gracie asked.

“Oh, definitely,” Kylie said, trying not to burst out laughing.

There was no point on spoiling the fun, but Kylie was pretty sure Gracie would wind up naked by the time the night ended. In fact, she was determined to teach Gracie an important lesson about choosing your own costumes.

“Come on, Gracie,” Kylie said. “Let’s go to the party.”

Kylie dragged Gracie out the door.


Gracie felt awkward in her costume. She was glad that she had been working out though, her body bikini ready. Though this costume was much more lewd than she was used to wearing, she was at least glad to be covered up. She couldn’t imagine what it would be like if Kylie just didn’t give her anything and sent her naked.

They pulled up to a big house decorated with jack-o-lanterns, bats, scarecrows, and fake spider webs. Kylie parked the car on the street and they walked up together. Gracie blushed as she felt a breeze against her bare skin. She hoped there wouldn’t be any outdoor activities on this cold fall night. Kylie rang on the door bell and a person opened the door.

“Wow! Great costume, Gracie,” Hunter said, grinning wide. “You look hot.”

Gracie blushed and smiled at Hunter. “I didn’t think this would be your kind of scene, Hunter. You look good though.”

Hunter had on a Robin costume, Damien Wayne styled with fake swords and everything. Hunter winked at Gracie. “Can I tell you my secret identity?”

Gracie laughed and rolled her eyes. “If you’re gonna dress up like Damien, you gotta act more like him,” she said.

“So, does that mean you’re going to act more like Eve?” Hunter asked. “I can’t wait to see what that’s like.”

Gracie’s eyes widened as Kylie laughed. “Yeah, Gracie, maybe you should act more like Eve.”

“Shut up, let’s just go inside,” Gracie said, rushing away from Hunter and dragging Kylie inside.

Gracie gasped. There were so many people all dressed up. Many were dressed up as DC and Marvel superheroes from Black Panther to Wonder Woman, Deadpool, Batman, Superman, and even some other characters like Link, Mario, and someone was even dressed up as a red Among Us character, wielding a fake dagger.

But out of everyone there, Gracie was the least dressed person, and that made her feel a but more embarrassed and felt like all eyes were on her. “Grayson Delia Stein, I didn’t think you would show up,” Gracie heard a voice say from behind her.

Gracie turned around to see the last person she ever wanted to see. “Trina, what are you doing here?” Gracie asked.

Trina and Gracie had a big rivalry. Mostly, Trina made it her goal to make Gracie go through hell, while Gracie occasionally retaliated. They were on the cheerleading squad together, and Trina had become cheer captain, beating out Gracie. Gracie despised Trina and that year of cheerleading was the worst yet as Trina often put the spotlight onto Gracie in the most awkward times, never allowing her to truly show off.

Gracie was happy when they parted ways in college, finally being able to leave the rivalry in the past, but now she was face to face with her old rival.

Trina was dressed up in a slutty looking zombie cheerleader outfit.

“It’s a high school reunion, dummy,” Trina said, putting a hand on her hip. “And I wasn’t going to miss a party.”

Gracie shifted on her feet, uncomfortably. “Fair enough,” Gracie said. “Well, I best get going.”

Gracie turned to walk away, but as she did, she felt her bottoms sliding off. Gracie’s eyes widened and looked down to see her bikini bottom falling apart. She quickly covered her crotch, but that left her entire backside completely exposed to her biggest rival.

“Oh my God!” Trina yelled, laughing. “Wow, Gracie, you’ve really gained some cushion back there.”

Gracie’s face turned bright red as she moved one hand behind her back, covering her backside while keeping the other cupped around her pussy.

Kylie watched, snickering as she realized the costume was starting to do its thing. The costume was designed for roleplaying in bed, and was meant to last a very short amount of time before leaving the wearer completely exposed to their partner, but in this case it would leave Gracie completely exposed to everyone.

And although Gracie didn’t know it yet, her top was about to share the same fate as her bottoms.


Gracie desperately covered her lower half as everyone stared at her. Trina and Kylie were both laughing while Hunter and the other guys were trying to steal a look.

Gracie looked at Kylie, trying to get her to help her, but Kylie just smirked and gave Gracie a wink.

Gracie then decided to shuffle her way to the door, in an effort to leave, but when she reached the doorway, everyone was staring at her front when her top finally gave way, leaving Gracie completely naked. And since she was covering her lower half, nothing covered her boobs as they popped out for everyone to see. Gracie’s boobs bounced out, revealing her pink nipples to everyone.

Instantly, all of the guys had boners while all of the girls laughed and began to make fun of Gracie as she stood there. Gracie’s face was the reddest it could be, as she realized her naked boobs were exposed, and desperately used the hand that had been covering her butt to cover her breasts.

“Gracie’s naked! Gracie’s naked!” The girls all chanted.

Kylie approached Gracie with a grin as Gracie yelled. “Kylie what the hell is this costume?! Get me out of here!”

“Come on, Gracie, liven up. Now you really are Eve. Come on, act like Eve. Eve wouldn’t be so modest!” Kylie yelled. “And remember you can’t complain. You could’ve picked out your own costume and then maybe it wouldn’t be falling apart.”

Kylie grabbed Gracie’s arms and pulled them behind her back, exposing Gracie’s entire naked body to everyone. “Gracie’s bare! Gracie’s bare!” The girls all started laughing and taunting.

Gracie squealed as she squirmed in Kylie’s grasp. “Let me go! Kylie, everyone can see me! Stop it!”

“That’s the whole point, Gracie. Come on, party a little bit. I’m sure the guys are all loving it,” Kylie said, pulling Gracie away from the door, and closer to the crowd, still holding her arms away from her body.

“Woo! Looking good, Gracie!” One of the girls taunted.

“Wow, I didn’t know you shaved, Gracie,” Trina mocked. “You’re so bare down there, but I can see that brown stubble, guess the carpets match the drapes.”

“Look at her nipples,” one of the girls, Amanda said. “They’re hard as rocks!”

“No they’re not!” Gracie squealed but then gasped when Trina grabbed her nipples.

“Oh yes they are, Gracie,” Trina said. “They’re quite hard indeed. Are you actually enjoying this?”

“I’m just cold!” Gracie yelled.

Gracie’s eyes widened as Trina’s hand dropped from her nipples to her pussy, as her fingers spread Gracie’s lips apart and rubbed her clit. Trina took her hand out and showed everyone her glistening fingers. “Just cold?” Trina said.

Gracie blushed even redder if it was possible. She couldn’t believe she had been exposed like this. She felt the heat rushing all over her body, and then... she fainted.



There Gracie laid flat on her back, completely naked and passed out from being overwhelmed by emotions. “Oh my God, she passed out!” Trina laughed. “That’s adorable. Look at her all naked. Wow, Kylie, you really did it. You really set her up and followed through. Wow that bitch is actually naked.”

“I told you I would,” Kylie said with a grin. “I gave her a chance to pick out her costume, but her lazy ass said no. So from there it was easy.”

“I can’t believe you pulled through,” Trina said, snickering, snapping a picture of Gracie lying there naked. “And she fell for the whole high school reunion lie?”

“Of course,” Kylie said. “She fell for it hook, line, and sinker. And now we can get our revenge.”

Kylie and Trina picked up Gracie as she laid there naked with the help of Hunter as well and they dragged her over to the living room that had been emptied out for this exact reason. Kylie tied Gracie’s left arm while Trina tied her right arm to the wooden coffee table that was in the middle of the room. That left only her legs free to be moved around.

Everyone filled the living room, watching everything unfold. Kylie pulled out a large vibrator that she had bought for this occasion. She then plugged it in and rested it against Gracie’s pussy.

Finally Trina took a bucket of ice cold water and poured it onto Gracie, waking her up.



Gracie shot awake as she felt the ice cold water pour on top of her. She felt her hands were tied as she couldn’t move them when she tried. The first thing she saw were eyes all around her, familiar faces. Then she started to remember and looked down to find herself laying naked in front of everyone, all tied up and nowhere to go. Her eyes met Trina and Kylie as they stood there grinning at her.

“K-Kylie? What’s going on?” Gracie asked, shaking the water off of her as best as she could.

“What’s going on? Revenge is going on. I’m getting payback for you being a total and utter bitch of a roommate. When Trina approached me with the idea, I just couldn’t refuse,” Kylie said.

Trina grinned. “You really thought you got the last word when we left high school? You stole my boyfriend, not only that but you hooked up with him in a closet and stumbled out with your naked ass on display, shaking it around like some slut in front of everyone! I know I made your life Hell, but you stooped down so low that for the past 4 years, I’ve been figuring out the best way to get back at you. And what better day than on a day where everyone’s hiding behind masks so that you can’t recognize anyone and raise suspicion. Of course I knew you wouldn’t come to any event if you knew I was there, so how about a special Halloween high school reunion where everyone is invited not just from high school, but why not your neighbors, college classmates, everyone to come watch this all go down. I will say, Gracie. You were completely and utterly predictable.”

“Trina, please,” Gracie pleaded. “I’m sorry, I didn’t, please it’s been 4 years, can’t we let it go!”

“No, Gracie,” Trina said. “But you can let it go.”

Trina taped the vibrator so it was against Gracie’s clit and then turned it on, all the way.

Gracie cried, moaned, and arched her back. “UHHHHH! AHHHH! NO!!”

Kylie and Trina both smirked as they watched Gracie squirm, wiggling her hips, lifting her legs, doing anything to try and stop it all, but the only thing she did was make it worse for her by putting on a show.

Gracie thrusted her hips out, grinding the air, trying to buck the vibrator off of her, but it was no use. She moaned loudly and couldn’t even speak as she felt the sensation against her clit. “Dance, Gracie, dance!” Trina jeered as Gracie was twerking her hips, unable to resist the pleasures being brought onto her.

Jeers filled the whole house as everyone cheered and chanted and whistled.

Then Trina and Kylie lifted Gracie’s legs as if she were getting her diaper changed. Gracie was very flexible as her legs went all the way to her head, which left her most intimate body parts exposed all except her throbbing clit that was covered by the vibrator, which for Gracie was much worse than having her clit being uncovered. It meant everyone could see clearly how Gracie’s body worked as her juices dripped down creating a puddle beneath her as she moaned and moaned, the puddle only getting bigger.

And then, Trina reached over and yanked the vibrator away, turning it off. Gracie was dripping wet, her clit was throbbing out of her vagina, but she hadn’t released. Gracie felt surprised as Trina pulled away the vibrator, every inch of her exposed. She also felt dissatisfied having not released yet and having the feelings of pleasure abruptly stop.



“Who wants to go bobbing for apples?” Trina asked, grinning wide.

Gracie tilted her head, confused, but Trina pulled out some apple slices and put some inside of Gracie’s vagina and then put some into Gracie’s butthole. Gracie’s eyes widened as people, a mixture of mostly guys and some girls all lined up.

Gracie squirmed as a girl approached her and knelt down, putting her face right up to Gracie’s vagina, and grabbed an apple slice with her teeth, pulling out. And then the next person went, a guy, went for a slice in Gracie’s butthole and pulled it out. Gracie felt awkward and embarrassed as so many people came up close and personal, pulling apple slices out of her until she was emptied out. There was one more person in line. “Aw! I didn’t get an apple!” the girl, Cassie yelled.

“It’s okay, there’s one more apple you can try to get,” Trina said, and gave Cassie a wink.

Cassie realized what Trina was getting at and laughed. “Sure, I guess that will satisfy me.”

Gracie look confused, not understanding what Trina was talking about until she felt a tongue against her clit. Gracie’s eyes widened. “No!” She cried. “No please! UHhhhh!”

She felt so embarrassed, so humiliated as this girl from her college science class, tongued her, licking her clit and even putting her tongue inside her vagina. Gracie couldn’t help it, she was already driven to almost the point of climax and now this girl was tonguing her. She squirted all over the girl’s face and the table.



A ring of the doorbell sent Gracie squirming, trying to escape, but she was also still panting from just having orgasmed. Trina grinned and untied Gracie’s binds. “Go on, Gracie. Open the door. Go give the trick or treaters some candy,” Kylie said, handing Gracie a bowl filled with full sized candy bars.

Gracie realized she didn’t have a choice, and complied, reluctantly walking to the door and opening it, hoping the juice running down her legs wasn’t noticeable. She gasped as she saw three teenagers standing outside the door, two guys and a girl. She recognized them to be her next door neighbors. “Gracie Stein?” The girl gasped. “Wow, you’re naked! This is great!”

Gracie blushed and tried to cover herself with the bowl of candy, but Kylie grabbed the bowl and gave some bars to the teenagers before heading back inside and shutting the door. At first Gracie didn’t realize what was happening, until she realized she was standing completely naked in front of her next door neighbors, literally from the apartment next door, without anything to cover her body.

Gracie turned and tried the door knob, only to realize it was locked. “No!” She yelled. “Let me in! Please! Please don’t leave me out here naked!”

“The trick or treaters want a treat, Gracie, and you’re going to give it to them! If you want to come back inside, you are going to stand out there with your hands behind your head until we say otherwise, starting now,” Kylie ordered.

The three teenagers all looked eager to fully see Gracie’s naked body, especially the boys. Seeing no real choice, Gracie reluctantly put her hands behind her head revealing her bare crotch and boobs to her neighbors who laughed. Gracie felt even more embarrassed as the cold breeze hit her naked body, making her nipples stand tall as one of the boys touched her breasts, fondling them. “Wow they’re so perky,” one of the boys said. “Come here, Stacey, feel them.”

Stacey rolled her eyes but did so anyways. “Wow, our neighbor’s a pervert, Joshie.”

“I am not!” Gracie cried.

“You know, maybe we should take her with us, maybe we should make her ring the doorbell of Mrs. Cravat’s a few houses down,” Joshie said. “What do you think Steven?”

“Oh yeah totally, I think it’d be hilarious to see that unfold,” Steven said.

Kylie who was listening and peering out the window yelled out. “Oh definitely take her to Mrs. Cravat’s house and make sure to get a nice video of it all. You hear that, Gracie. You’re not coming inside until you ring the doorbell of Mrs. Cravat’s house and have her answer the door with you standing there naked.“

Gracie’s face paled. “No! No please! Not Mrs. Cravat’s house! She’ll kill me!”

“Don’t be so dramatic, I’m sure it’ll be fine. Either way you’re not coming in until you do it!”

Mrs. Cravat’s was an old woman whose husband had passed away several years ago. She was always known for being a cranky stickler for the rules. She was a traditionalist. She loved the traditional, old ways and she lived that way to the letter. She didn’t have any fancy technology and didn’t care for modern trends, and she certainly didn’t like how provocative women dressed these days.

So as Gracie shuffled to the doorstep of Mrs. Cravat’s house with three teenagers trailing far behind her, recording on their phones, she gulped, scared of what might happen the moment she rang the doorbell. And then... she rang the doorbell.

She stood there, naked as the day she was born in front of Mrs. Cravat’s house, praying no one was home, praying that Mrs. Cravat’s wouldn’t open the door, but she did.

And she wasn’t happy.



Gracie stood outside of Mrs. Cravat’s house when the door swung open, revealing the short, burly old woman as she stared at Gracie’s nude body. “Grayson Delia Stein, what the hell are you doing out here naked! There are children for crying out loud!”

“I-I’m sorry, Mrs. Cravat!” Gracie yelled, but then felt an arm grab her and yank her forward as Mrs. Cravat sat down on wooden chair that was outside.

Mrs. Cravat positioned herself so that Gracie’s bare bottom faced the streets, spotlighted by the front porch lights as she started to smack Gracie’s bottom.

“Mrs. Cravat!” Gracie cried as she was taken by surprise by the spanking, the teenagers hidden away recording all of this.

“Shut up, Gracie! How dare you run around naked, with your perverted juices dripping from your slutty cunt! And your nipples hard as bricks! This is Halloween! Kids are wondering these streets!” Mrs. Cravat yelled as she continued to spank Gracie’s bottom hard and fast. “Have you no dignity at all?!”

“Please. Mrs. Cravat please! People are watching! Stop!” Gracie cried in humiliation.

Mrs. Cravat laughed. “Oh you’re afraid someone is going to see your bare naked bottom getting spanked? Well how about we go over to the party happening down the street and give them a show. Teach you for wandering naked,” Mrs. Cravat said, yanking Gracie to her feet and dragging her toward the party filled with all of Gracie’s former and current classmates, neighbors, and more. The teenagers trailed behind as Mrs. Cravat led Gracie to the door.

“No!” Gracie yelled. “Please no! Not in front of them!”

But Mrs. Cravat rang the doorbell, and immediately Kylie answered the door. “Mrs. Cravat, how are you doing today, can we help you?”

“Oh, Kylie. You sweet girl, I’m doing great, but I’m here to teach this naked slut a lesson in dignity. I know there’s a party here and want to invite all of you to witness this punishment,” Mrs. Cravat said.

“Oh, please, here let me get you a comfortable chair,” Kylie said bringing over a chair with a cushion and setting it in the middle of the big family room and gestured everyone over.

Mrs. Cravat sat down on the chair and smiled pulling Gracie over her lap and resumed spanking her as everyone recorded the scene on their phones. Gracie screamed and cried, kicking her legs, begging for Mrs. Cravat to stop but she just continued, smacking Gracie’s bare already red bum.

Mrs. Cravat didn’t stop until Gracie was bawling like a baby over her lap and her bottom was stinging bright red. Mrs. Cravat then dragged Gracie over to a corner and positioned her in a way where her bottom was protruded and you could even see the bottom of her lips, and then put her hands on her head. “Now you stay there and don’t move a muscle and think about what you’ve done. I don’t want to hear about you moving at all for the rest of the night until I come back. Kylie, sweetheart, let me know if she continues to be a brat for you. She isn’t to leave that corner until everyone in this house has left.”

Kylie nodded and gave Mrs. Cravat a sweet smile. “Yes, Mrs. Cravat. We will make sure Gracie is well behaved, otherwise we will tell you.”

“Thank you, darling. I shall be going back to my house now. Good luck,” Mrs. Cravat said as she walked out the door.

Gracie sobbed in embarrassment and pain as everyone looked at her standing in a corner. Kylie grinned. “You hear that, Gracie,” Kylie said. “You have to stay in that corner and not move a muscle. If you do, you’re getting another spanking most likely. Maybe Mrs. Cravat will even bring props over next time.”

“Did you see her kicking and screaming like a baby?” Trina laughed. “I could see right between her legs because of that.”

“Look I got it all on camera,” Hunter said. “Full HD.”

“Oh my God, Hunter. That’s amazing. We’ll have to watch it later,” Cassie said.

Kylie turned back to Gracie, thinking about what to do next. She whispered into Cassie’s ear. “Could you get her off again?”

“I’m not doing it again, she’s not my type,” Cassie whispered back.

“I’ll pay you 100 dollars,” Kylie whispered.

“Why don’t you just use the vibrator?” Cassie whispered, giving Kylie a look that said there’s no way in hell I’m doing it again.

“Fine,” Kylie said pulling out a vibrator, this one a bit different from the other one.

This one was an egg vibrator. Kylie spread apart Gracie’s butt cheeks causing Gracie’s eyes to widen and she started to turn her head. “W-what are you doing?”

Kylie shoved Gracie’s head back into the corner. “Don’t move, remember Gracie? You don’t want Mrs. Cravat to come back here, do you? Now hold still.”

Kylie pushed the vibrator into Gracie’s butthole and then put the other egg into Gracie’s vagina. And then she took the remote and turned it on. Gracie’s eyes went so wide they might’ve popped out of the socket as she gasped feeling the vibrations in her anus and pussy. Then she hid the remote somewhere as Gracie squirmed.

And then Kylie rushed out the door to Mrs. Cravat’s place. She rung the doorbell, spamming it until Mrs. Cravat answered the door. “Mrs. Cravat, I’m so sorry to bother you again, but it seems that Gracie managed to get ahold of some sort of vibrator and is using it to get herself off. You have to come. I don’t know what else to do! I tried to stop her, but she wouldn’t!” Kylie yelled.

Mrs. Cravat’s eyes narrowed and she said. “The nerve of that girl.” She disappeared into the house and came back with a large paddle. “I’ll give her something to beat off to.”

Mrs. Cravat stormed back to the house to find Gracie on the floor, wiggling and squirming with the vibrators still inside of her, her juices pouring out. Mrs. Cravat yanked Gracie to her feet and began smacking her with the paddle while the vibrators were still going.

Gracie squealed loudly. “No! Wait! It’s not! I didn’t! Please! Don’t spank me again!”

“You insolent little slut!” Mrs. Cravat yelled. “I leave you alone and then you start masturbating! The nerve of you!”

Gracie squealed and squealed and then moaned and moaned, combating the feeling of pleasure and pain. Gracie couldn’t help but orgasm all over Mrs. Cravat. “No!” Gracie cried. “Please, I’m sorry! Please! Please stop!”

“What do you think, Kylie? Do you think Gracie has learned her lesson?” Mrs. Cravat asked.

“Oh, I think she’ll remember this for a long time, but just in case I think there’s one more thing that will really teach her a good lesson,” Kylie said.

“And what is that?” Mrs. Cravat asked.

Kylie grinned. “I think she should have to pose as one of the scarecrow.”

Kylie took some rope and took one of the scarecrow off and dragged Gracie out onto the scarecrow’s stand, tying her up. She positioned Gracie so that her newly spanked bottom faced the streets, with a spotlight positioned so that everyone could see Gracie’s naked red bottom. And any trick or treater could walk up and see Gracie’s completely naked body.

Kylie then pulled the vibrator out and left Gracie to hang there for the rest of the night, crying from the humiliation as so many people drove by to see Gracie. 



It was a long night for Gracie as she cried and cried, stuck outside naked on display for everyone to see. So many cars drove by, honking at her. So many trick or treaters approached her and made fun of her, mocking her for her bare red bottom. Parents looked at her in disgust as they shielded their children’s eyes while teenagers prodded and poked Gracie all over. Some parents even gave Gracie’s bottom some fresh smacks.

Finally after what felt like so many long hours, Kylie untied Gracie from the post and dragged her back inside where they all watched the video of Gracie getting spanked by Mrs. Cravat. Gracie blushed as she realized how much of a show she had put on for the whole party as she kicked and cried and screamed over Mrs. Cravat’s lap. And then the paddling that came after where she had orgasmed.

Gracie thought to herself however as she watched the video. She thought about how she definitely needed to get back at Kylie and Trina. But she also thought about how humiliating and embarrassing this night was. Was it worth retaliating? Or should she just let it go? But then she remembered that everyone she knew was here, watching her, and she knew what she needed to do.

As Gracie and Kylie drove back to their apartment, Gracie ran to her room as soon as they stepped inside. She shut the door, and began plotting her revenge on Kylie.

