Drive-Thru Blowjob
A Kelly's Diary Story
by Kelly85

Chapter 1: The Benefits Of Having a Boyfriend With a Big Dick

When I was barely fourteen I gave my virginity to Steve, the sixteen year-old brother of Sharon, one of my best friends. Fortunately I had an enjoyable first-time experience, unlike many of my girlfriends, and since then on I’ve maintained an active sex life, to put it mildly. While I won’t claim it’s anything overly wild or extravagant, I’ve managed to keep myself satisfied without acquiring TOO bad of a reputation in the process. Of course, that depends on your definition of “bad”.

What I hadn’t expected was Steve and his family moving away only seven months after our first time. After a period of mourning, I quickly found out there was no lack of guys willing to take care of my sexual needs in his absence. Perhaps I became a touch cynical after he disappointment with Steve as I refused to allow any of them ever to evolve into a serious “boyfriend” relationship like I had with Steve but then again I found it was more fun not being tied down to any one guy. As hey say, diversity is good.

Shortly after turning sixteen I started dating Kevin. We’d known each other since grade school but he never seemed all that interested in me until Steve moved away. With the competition gone, he finally mustered the courage to ask me out and of course on our first date I got to know him a lot more intimately. Although we fucked a lot, my favorite thing to do with him was sucking his cock. Kevin has this amazing cock that doesn’t look very big when he’s soft but grows several sizes into a monster cock when he gets hard. The first time I watched him becoming aroused I thought my eyes were going to pop out! His head is incredibly large with a pronounced lip that I love running my tongue over and around.

Mmmmmmmmm, as I said, I can never get enough of his dick, especially the way it feels when it grows and grows and grows in my mouth. When Kevin is soft it feels rather small in my mouth but it only takes a few minutes before it’s hitting the back of my throat - and then some. When he cums he leaves a huge load in my mouth and then he stays just as hard for a second round inside my pussy.

Once after an especially hot date with Kevin I told my mom I could suck his cock every day and still want more! Funny, I think she was more amused than anything at my exuberance over Kevin’s special “gift”. If anything she teases me by constantly reminding me about him, asking me if I am missing it when she sees me getting horny and masturbating.

Thanks to his wonderful cock, Kevin is the first guy who I really enjoy sucking more than being fucked by him. Given I’ve only been fucked by six guys before Kevin, and that’s counting my dad, I guess it isn’t exactly a huge group for comparison.


Chapter 2: The Drive-Thru

One day Kevin picked me up in his car for a trip to the mall. I love to shop not to mention the mall presents all sorts of opportunities to fool around and show off. There are usually plenty of father’s and older married guys who love staring at me when I wear something the least bit provocative. It’s even better when I see their wife getting pissed off because of the attention they’re giving me. I always wonder how many of them would masturbate later that night about me or maybe even think about me when they’re with their wives in bed.

Kevin’s car was an old beater but it has one feature I like - a bench front seat with no middle console that allows me to sit tight up against him while he drives. OMG I hate center consoles! Whoever came up with the idea must’ve never had a girlfriend who loved giving road head - one like me!

It was a hot summer day so I was wearing my favorite cutoffs, the ones my dad said made me look like a slut. I’d cut them so short you could see the bottom of my ass even while I was standing. When I bent over - well you could just say it’s obvious I’m not wearing panties.

By now my tan was in full summer mode and my legs were finally losing their thin knobby look. I love showing them off either in daring cutoffs like these or skirts that are supposedly way too short. Really, is there such a thing as skirts that are too short? Not according to my dad.

One of the best things about these shorts is they are so tight in the crotch you can literally see them pull into my pussy crack when I’m sitting down. I’ve heard people call it the “camel toe” look which to me sounds gross but I guess it’s a fairly accurate way to describe the look. When I cross my legs or simply walk the material rubs my clit so it’s like I’m masturbating everywhere I go!

My dad likes to pretend that he doesn’t like me to wear this pair of shorts in public but I know it turns him on something fierce anytime I wear them. All I have to do was put them on, wiggle my ass in front of him, and next thing you knew he’s fucking me. At least that’s the way it seems some times. Not that I’m complaining mind you.

On the way to the mall Kevin announced he wanted to grab a bite at a nearby McDonald’s. It seemed sorta silly to me as the mall has a food court. I also warned him that it was lunch time so the drive-thru would be crowded but like most guys, he can be bull-headed sometimes.

Sure enough, when we got to the place there were over a dozen cars at the drive-thru line but Kevin didn’t want to get out and go inside so he pulled in at the end of the line and we waited ... and waited. It was ridiculous how slow the line was moving! So much for “fast” food.

Kevin didn’t mind the wait because the whole time we’d been driving around I’d had my hand planted firmly on his crotch, slowly rubbing his incredible cock through his jeans. He was bulging nicely and shifting in his seat trying to get comfortable as his dick swelled inside his constructing jeans.

Dang it, I couldn’t believe how slow the service was - no wonder the line was so long. I was beginning to think we would never get to the window. After a while I decided to make the wait worthwhile so I laid down on the seat facing the back with my feet pressed against the door and my head in his lap. As I put my hand back on Kevin’s crotch and looked up at him, his eyes met mine and he smiled, knowing perfectly well what was going through my naughty mind.

“Why you dirty little slut,” he said with a big grin, “Don’t you ever get tired of sucking my cock?”

I smiled back at him and shook my head saying, “Silly boy, you know the answer to that one Kevin. Besides, I know you love it so quit complaining!”

Without further ado, I quickly unsnapped and unzipped Kevin’s jeans. After that even with his dick in full erection mode it was easy for me to reach in and pull out his perfect cock. Kevin had learned by now never to wear underwear on a date with me - it just got in the way!

Like every boy I know, Kevin absolutely loves his cock to be sucked. It made me feel good when he told me I was the first girl to make him cum just by sucking him. I’d yet to be the first girl to suck any guy’s cock but so far it was unanimous - I was the best they’d had and I was proud of my growing reputation among the boys at school.

I gazed at Kevin’s wonderful cock and admired the way it curved slightly when it was stiff. It was pointing straight up like a yummy popsicle, except this one was warm and tasted better, not to mention the creamy filling waiting inside!

“Mmmmmmm, God ... I just love this cock!” I exclaimed softly as I held it in my hand, feeling the warmth of it.

I just laid there curled up in the front seat, my head on his lap and slowly started to suck his cock in my mouth like a tasty lollipop. Kevin didn’t shave or trim his pubic hair which was just the way I loved it. It was a hot day and he had been sweating so his crotch had a rather strong odor and his cock had a salty taste of sweat, all of which made me horny as hell. As I sucked him I could feel the veins throbbing as the blood rushed into his dick, filling it and making it even larger if that were possible. His erection filled my mouth like a large sausage only this one tasted better.

I slowly took more of him in my mouth until my face was buried in his lush pubic hair. I enjoyed the feeling of his curly hair against my cheeks and mouth. It tickling a bit and I knew he liked to look down and see my face covered in his hairy crotch. I suppose it was no different than me enjoying the sight of a man’s head between my thighs as he ate my pussy.

Finally I felt his cock hit the back of my throat but there was still a couple of inches to go so I relaxed and let him slide down my throat. I almost gagged at first but then he was down me and my lips were at the base of his cock. It wasn’t the first time ... you just have to know what’s coming and get past that first reflex reaction.

“Oh my god Kelly,” Kevin groaned, “I love it when you do that! Damn girl, you can really suck cock!”

Unfortunately I still had to breath so I pulled my head up and looked upward to his face. He grinned at me and I felt so sexy knowing how good I was making him feel with just my mouth and tongue. I started to lick his cock like an ice cream cone, starting from the base and working all the up to the tip. Mmmmmmm he tasted so good and I loved the way his soft cock skin felt when it was stretched so tightly. Now I was happy that a line was moving slow!

Unfortunately, we eventually were the next in line so Kevin nudged me. “OK girl, we’re almost there. I REALLY hate to say this but time for a break.”

I took him out of my mouth just long enough to say. “Sorry, you haven’t cum yet and I’ll be damn if I am going to work this hard and not get my reward!”

Ignoring his protests, I immediately went back for some more serious cock sucking. Well, this was a bit on the wild side, even for Kevin. He didn’t mind me sucking him in the mall restroom, dressing rooms, or even at the movie theater but at all of those places it was the close proximity of the people that made it hot, not that they actually saw us. This was different as it would be impossible for the person in the window NOT to see what was going on when we got there.

“C’mon, Kelly, you’ve GOT to be kidding. There’s a kid in the window and he’ll see you!”

Oh well ... like I cared? My response was to go down on him even deeper. I wasn’t kidding, I was dead serious. By now I was so horny I didn’t give a damn about some stupid kid in the window. Nope, I has hungry as hell for his cum and I wasn’t about to let anyone stop me from getting it.

Guys seem to think that girls don’t get as horny as they do. Well, they’re wrong. There are times when I get so horny and hungry for sex that I find myself doing things that I normally never would’ve dreamed of doing. This doesn’t happen very often but when it does I’ve learned that it’s useless to try and fight it.

Well, this was one of those times. The heavy odor of his crotch combined with the taste of his dick had me starving for his cum. We could’ve been anywhere at the time and it wouldn’t have mattered - he was going to cum in my mouth before I was finished and that was that!

“Oh fuck Kelly, you are going to get us in soooooo much trouble you little bitch but I don’t care - suck it girl, make me cum!”

I guess I don’t need to say that Kevin was now in the same state I was - he wanted to cum as badly as I wanted him to!

When we got to the window I couldn’t see but I knew the kid giving us our order probably couldn’t believe his eyes! He must’ve seen me in Kevin’s lap with my head moving up and down in his lap. Kevin told me later that probably assumed we were faking it as some sort of joke on him because he tried to be cool and just ignore us as Kevin paid him and got his change. Looking back, I guess my head and hair obscured his view of my mouth on Kevin’s cock so he figured at first that it was all a practical joke.

Just as the boy leaned out to hand over the bag, Kevin couldn’t hold back anymore. He groaned and his hips jumped up off the seat as he came right in my mouth! I felt his hot spurts of sperm hit the back of my throat and collect on my tongue. God he tasted so good!

Meanwhile, the kid was still holding the bag out the window, his eyes fixed on me as Kevin’s cum started to drip onto his hairy crotch as it was leaking from my mouth. I let Kevin’s cock slip out of my mouth so I could lick the cum off of it and then I sat up in the car so the kid could see Kevin’s throbbing cock, all wet from my mouth and still covered with his slimy cum.

Then there was me, Kevin’s cum dripping from the corners of my mouth and down my chin as I smiled innocently at the window guy. Realizing now I really HAD been blowing Kevin and that he had just witnessed a guy cumming in his girlfriend’s mouth, all the poor kid could do was blurt out a gasp of surprise.

Feeling really naughty now but even more turned on by the kid’s reaction, I gave him one of my sexiest grins and stuck my tongue out so he could see what was left of Kevin’s cum on it. I waved to him and spit a little out, just enough for him to see it bubbling on my lips. Then I used my tongue to gather it back in and swallowed it all down.

Kevin knew he’d better get going before I did anything more so he just smiled at the poor kid, winked and then quickly drove off. I don’t know if the boy told anyone at work what he had seen but I would be willing to bet nobody believed the poor guy if he tried!

Kevin was laughing the whole way to the mall from there. “Damn Kelly, you are something else! I’ve never felt so hot and so scared at the same time as when I came right in front of that guy. Then to see me with my cum dripping from your mouth ... Geeze you are such a fucking little slut sometimes - and I love it!”

By the time we got to the mall parking lot Kevin was ready for more so we never did leave his car! I didn’t care, fucking him in the back seat in a crowded parking lot was much more fun!

But that’s another story...
