Mr. Pitman called Sabrina's Girls, the internationally very famous escort service and made the following request:
I will require a girl that is young, beautiful, submissive and with exraordinary oral talents. I would like her to be sweet and innocent. She is to arrive at my place at 7:30. I will try her for 2 hours and if I am pleased will be requesting her return for overnight and perhaps for business travel. I am quite wealthy and you can be sure any reasonable donation for her company will be entertained and tips may be quite generous." Sabrina a young but very wise business woman knew this was an opportunity for a quality client and wanted to deliver the very best.

Amy arrived at Mr. Pitman's door at 7:40, just 10 minutes late. A girl should never be just on time but for an expensive client just a few minutes late is policy. Amy knocked timidly, he opened the door to his hotel suite, she said "May I come in sir." He waved her in and shut the door. He poured himself a drink, not offering her one and sat back in a large overstuffed chair. He was dressed casually but Amy could tell he was made of wealth. He said to Amy " Take off your coat and put it on the bed. She did, and then stood straight with hands in front of her, looking up quickly and then looking down at the floor. She knew her business and knew her role. She was to be sweet and submissive. That meant be shy and wait for instructions. Mr Pitman stared at her as if she was a car to be purchased. He enjoyed her innocent beauty, her long light brown hair was tied with a pink ribbon to one side. She wore a very short full dress that buttoned up the front, large breasts pulled at the material as if a button would fly off. Her waist was thin, her legs seemed long for a girl that was just 5 feet tall. The very short dress made her legs seem very slender. She wore pink Nikes like a school girl. Something about the way she stood, a bit crooked, her hips shifted to one side, legs close together, feet turned in, made her seem shy, timid. Mr. Pitman was enjoying looking at her from top to bottom. She stood still waiting - Mr. Pitman said "How old are you?" Amy replied "19 years old sir, but I know things" She lied, she was 24. She knew to use her youthful innocence to her advantage. It's what made her expensive and sought after in her line of work. "Come closer and lift your dress." said Mr. Pitman. Slowly and with just a little hesitation she lifted her dress showing him soft white cotton undies with a little pink bow on the front. She turned slowly showing him her backside and then pulling her panties down just enough so he could see her perfectly round and very soft little bottom. She looked back shyly at him as if to seek his approval. She could see he was caressing himself through his pants. "Do you like me" she said. "You are very pretty, very sweet. Come over her and get on your knees. I would like to see what talents you have" Said Mr. Pitman. Amy kneeled where she was and crawled very slowly about 6 feet across the floor "Yes sir Mr. Pitman I'm going to show you, I will show you my talents. I promise Mr. pitman I will do it just right for you. I know what men like, I know you will want me back." She reached up and began to unzip his fly, licking her mouth as if filled with excitement at what she got to do next. . . . . . .

"I know how to suck a man's penis you know" said Amy. "Of course you do sweetheart - now show me, show me how it's done." Amy fumbled a bit with his very large very hard cock. Something about Mr. Pitman's incredible cool confidence made Amy just a little nervous, she was usually in control even when playing the submissive role. She gently cupped his balls and kissed him softly on the tip of his throbbing dick. She began to lick painfully slowly from balls to helmet, she would tickle the underside of his penis making it wet with her saliva. Now she began to alternate swirling her tongue around the head of his cock with long licks like a little girl licking her ice cream cone. She looked up at him making soft sounds. Then she said uhhhhhhh as she let her hand slip into her soft white panties. She new he wanted to watch her masturbate. All men do. She immersed herself in the performance, sucking his cock was what she lived for. There was nothing more exciting or delicious than servicing his penis. As she became more and more excited she began to go down on him. She gently guided his hand to the back of her neck letting him know that she wanted to be dominated by him. Her excitement grew as did his "Oh make me suck it Mr Pitman, make me suck your big hard cock. Feed me your man milk Mr. Pitman." Amy would tease him opening her mouth wide, sticking out her tongue and jacking him off as if begging for his cum. Just as both their excitement was about to climax Amy heard someone come in behind her. She looked to se a tall very beautiful woman in her forties come up behind her.

For a moment she paused. Mr Pitman anxiously said "No sweety, don't stop. It's OK, don't be afraid. Mmmmmmm deep as you can, oh yess that's a good girl" Amy tried to focus on his cock. The mystery woman came up behind her and began to stroke her hair gently, softly, lovingly. Amy assumed she was in for a threesome and slid her hand up the woman's skirt. The woman said "Today you are here just for the pleasure of Mr. Pitman sweetheart. I want you to make Mr. Pitman cum in your mouth." When she said those words Mr. Pitman leaned back and groaned. Amy knew it was time. She burried his shaft deep in her throat and tongued the underside forcefully. His eyes rolled back, he clutched her hair and shot bursts of hot cum into Amy's talented mouth. White salty cream dripped down her chin as she finished sucking his dick. The mystery woman took her finger and affectionately wiped Mr. pitman's cum from Amy's chin and then licked the cum off making a smacking sound with her mouth. The woman said "I think you've made Mr. Pitman very happy Amy. You give a delicious blowjob and I happen to know he adores watching young girls masturbate." Mr. Pitman got up and poured himself another drink. He looked at Amy and said "Thank you young lady, perhaps I'll see you again sometime soon. My wife Sara will write you a check on your way out." The Mystery woman reached for her checkbook.

Thanks for reading. I'd love to hear from you. - xxox Sabrina at: mynaughtytoybox@yahoo.com


