Fantasy fulfilled in power cut

When I was studying B.Com in a college. I was staying in my Mom's
sister's (Aunt) house. My Uncle is a Sales Representative. He will be
out of town for at least 25 days a month. My aunt is 28 years old.

She is really beautiful and sexy. Especially I love her boobs. She is
fair in color and her boobs are really huge and those two can not be
kept with in her Bra and Blouse. Most of the time when she is doing
house hold work her saree can not cover her big boobs and her
cleavage is always feast to my eyes. Strong and beautifully shaped
thighs. Her tight ass is a bit big but goddamn sexy.

All the males whoever seeing her will definitely dreams about meeting
her nude in a bed and fucking her real hard. No exceptions. Then
think about me. She is my fantasy lady and always I was dreaming
about her. To tell you the truth I was dying to have sex with her but
always scared. I was just waiting for the right time and opportunity
to have sex her. I was getting excited even my seeing her. Believe me
she is so cute and her body is well shaped.

One evening I was sitting in my Bedroom and reading a Sex magazine I
got it from my friend. My uncle was on a tour. Suddenly there was a
power failure in the house. I heard my aunt's voice. "Vineet! This
power cut is only in our house. See outside. Everywhere else the
power is there. I think the fuse went off in our house. Could you
please fix the fuse?"

Now she was in the doorway to my bedroom. I hid the Sex magazine and
went nearer to her. In that darkness itself I can see her breasts
clearly. I can see her as a silhouette. I got the guts suddenly and
asked her "Gimme the match box" and at the same time I grabbed her
breasts. I was trying to act like that was accidental. But after I
held her breasts and felt those in my hand I totally lost my control.

So I started squeezing her breast hard. Then I said "Sorry. In the
darkness I havn't noticed that you are standing here" and tried to
take my hands off her. There was no reply from her and now she held
my hands on her breasts and didn't allow me to take my hands.

Now that was my turn to be shocked and I do not want to miss this
chance. I hugged her and kissed in her neck. I was very much tensed
up. But she was cool and kissed me on the lips. That first kiss was
really brief though in my whole life that was the first time a woman
kissed me. Now she held me close to her and rubbing by back.

Literally I was shivering and I was out of control. Again she kissed
in my mouth and asked me to relax. Now I was responding properly to
her kiss. I wrapped my arms around her and held her tight. Her big
boobs were on my chest and she was pressing her breasts against me.
That feeling was arousing me and felt like I am going to have an
ejaculation.

My cock was getting harder and harder and started hitting her body.
Now she took my penis in her hand with my lungie and said " Wow!
Great size. Let us go to the bedroom. I need it inside me now" and
licked my ears. That drove me crazy and started working my hands on
her Blouse hooks.

"Vineet! Come on. We will go to the bedroom"

"Oh. Yes. I want U. I am dreaming about this for a long while. Give
me all U got" I was mumbling something like this and with my one hand
I was keep squeezing her breast and my other hand was pressing her
big buttocks. I was out of control and licking her face and ears and
everywhere my face can reach on her that time.

Now she held my hands and walked me to the Bedroom. As soon as we
entered in to the bedroom she started removing her dresses. I
said "aunty! Please let me do that " and unwrapped her saree first.

She told me "Vineet! Even now you are calling me aunt. That sounds
strange. Call me by name".

I was so excited and hugged her tight from the back and mumbled her
name in her ears as "Radha! Radha!" And pressed her hard breasts with
the blouse & Bra. Same time my cock became like a strong iron rod and
now it was touching her tight ass.

"Vineet! Let us remove the cloths and enjoy. Be patience ".

Now I have unfastened her blouse hooks and she helped me to take off
the blouse from her. She is only with Bra and petticoat.

Now she removed my lungie and held my cok in her hand. "Vineet!
Before going any further you just sit on the bed."

She commanded me. I obeyed to her command. Now I am sitting on the
edge of the bed. She sat down on the floor and started kissing my
cock, rubbing it and caressed it. All of the sudden she took it in
her mouth and twirled her tongue around it. It was feeling great. She
started sucking my cock with great favor. I was in heaven. She was
doing this with great care and taste. She got my Dick in to her month
fully until her throat. Her hands were working on my balls. My hands
were working hard on her breasts. I inserted my hands in to her bra
and tuning her nipples. I felt like I was going to come out. So I
tried to remove my cock from her mouth.

But she ordered me "You asshole. Fill my mouth with your cum."
There was an explosion from my cock. Now her mouth was filled with my
cum and my juice was sprinkled on her face and her neck. She grinned
happily and swallowed my cum.

I was exhilarated and grabbed her from the floor. I put her on the
bed. I pulled her petticoat shift her hips and now I had a good view
of her wet hot pussy. The pubic hair was dark and thick. I took my
face nearer to that heavenly triangle. The strong sweet musk from her
cunt drove me mad. I stuck my face into her pussy and took a deep
breath to absorb her sent.

She moaned and said " Vineet! Do it. Please eat my pussy. I have
never enjoyed that ".

I ran my tongue up along the slit. I felt a pleasant shock. I went
mad with lust. My tongue probed inside her cunt. At the same time I
unfastened her Bra hooks and she co operated with me to remove the
bra. I was feeling her breasts and pinching her nipples. My face was
focussed on her pussy and my hands were playing too hard with her
nipples. I was squeezing her nipples like tuning an old radio. Her
body was responding to myhands.

Her legs became wider and the smooth pinky muscles of her pussy
grabbed my tongue and pulled me in. I found the clit and my tongue
began licked up, around and socked on it. Her Vagina started giving
me fresh juice. I lapped and socked up the love juice

Radha was giving me. She started to moan. "Eat it. Huh! Great. Have
it fully."

I put my mouth in her pussy fucking hole and sucked it. Her whole
body was feeling that electricity. She held my hair and pushed my
face fully in to her cunt. I was licking and sucking like a dog
drinking milk. She became ecstatic and I did not stop eating her
pussy or pressing her breast. Now she had an orgasm and filled my
face with her sexy juice. I didn't give up and drunk all the juice
and licked in and around her Clit, Vagina and pubic hair.

"Vineet! I never enjoyed this much. I only heard about oral sex and
your uncle never used to do this to me. You showed me the real
climax. Are you ready to fuck me now? "

My reply to her was not in words. I was again feeling her breasts and
pinching her nipples real hard and I focussed my attention to her
boobs. I took them in my mouth and started sucking them. While doing
this, I inserted a finger into her hot wet pussy. I kept fingering
her and touched and pinched her clit.

She held my dick in her hand and said "Oh! My God! You are ready
already. That is quick. Ok. Take me to sex heaven."

My fingering went on and after a while she started to cum. I had
gotten a great hard on till now. She laid on her back and told me to
fuck. She got her legs up in the air and wide open.

She whispered "Oh Vineet! Enough. Don't let me beg you. Get inside me
and Fuck me. Fuck me hard."

I got on top of her. The lips of the pussy were pink. I felt that
sweetest hole with my fingers and then slowly guided my cock inside
her. Her hole was hot. Her head went back with pleasure and she
moaned. "Come on. Please!"

I started slowly and headed up with speed and steady. It was quiet an
effort though. She held my arms tight and strted to jump under me. I
was moving from up to down at he same time she was holding her hip up
and pressing her butt against the bed to accompany my moves. Her
breast was jumping up and down with every hit. My cock was parted her
pussy and she was already wet. So my movements became easy.

She was not new to sex and already her pussy was accustomed to my
Uncle's cock. So we both were having great pleasure. We were sweating
like hell because of our exotic and erotic sex. I began thrusting my
cock in and out of her. I was shoving harder and harder. Her hot cunt
felt wonderful.

She was holding my butt tight and after a few moments she
started "Please slow down. It hurts Vineet."

That time I was acting like wild buffalo. She was begging for me to
slow down but she never stooped responding to my hits. Her legs were
wide open in V shape and she was hugging me real tight. Both were
breathing heavily. While I was giving a real hard time to her pussy
with my cock, I was sucking, licking and squeezing her breasts. Now
she began to tighten her mouth of the pussy by holding her legs
together. That was hard and great pleasure to me. It became tighter
now and she got her orgasm.

I sensed her she was about to cum. Her whole body is stumbling and
struggling with great happiness. With in few moments I felt her
juices flowing in her already wet cunt. Now her pussy became like
water filled tub. So whenever my cock entered in to it strange sounds
started coming. Now I exploded my cum in her. Her cunt hole was
filled with her juice and mine. It started overflow. More of the
juices were oozing out of Radha's pussy onto the bed sheets. I stayed
inside her about 1 minute and then slowly pulled my dong out side.

She was beautiful seeing her there naked. We both were damn tired and
I laid down beside her.
