This site contains fictional stories with explicit descriptions
of sexual activities, and not suitable for minors or prudes. If
you are under 18 year of age, do not enter this site as it is
illegal for you to do so and you are not welcome here. Also if
you are offended by sexually explicit stories, do not enter this
site, as I do not wish to offend your sensibilities. Having said
that, by entering this site you are representing that you are at
least 18 years old and do so of your own free will and are not
offended in any way by sexually explicit stories. The stories are
fictional and any resemblance to actual people or other entities
is purely coincidental.
=======================================================

One afternoon on the way home I was flagged down by Tommy and
Andy.  As I stopped the car, they without asking hopped into the
car with a great big hello and ear to ear smiles.  I knew they
were up to something, but hadnt any idea as to what.

We need some help, they began.  Okay, I said with some caution,
whats going on.  Well remember Barbara promised she come back,
they asked.  Yes, I remember her saying that, I said.  Well, we
want her to come back and keep her promise.

I dont know if that will be possible, I said.  You see, her
obligation to me is over with, and to be perfectly honest Ive
not leverage with her anymore.  Sorry guys, I said.  Now, what
else is on your minds.

Look said Tommy, weve got a few other guys, and we want to have
a party with an older lady, simple as that, and we know that you
can help us to make it happen.  So, other than getting laid,
whats really going on, I asked.  Nothing, honest they replied. 
And you want me to believe that, I asked?   Why dont you try
selling me the Brooklyn Bridge.

Tell him, Tommy said.  No, you tell him, replied Andy.  I stopped
the car on the side of the road, and turn to both boys.  Okay,
quit the bull shit, what the fuck are you two up to and what
exactly do you want, I demanded.

Andy began, we didnt mean any harm, please dont be mad at us. 
Im not mad, I said, only dogs get mad, people get angry and Im
starting to get that way, now either talk to me, or get out of
the car, I said sternly.

Okay, weve got a couple of friends.  And you were bragging, I
said.  No no, we were just talking about finding some older lady
to fuck cause all the young girls, well they dont do jack shit,
if you know what I mean, said Andy.  So we remember Barbara
promising, and we thought wed ask you to set it up for us,
nothing else, honest, he continued.

And just how many friends do you have who you want to show off
for, I asked.  Three, said Andy.  So you want me to fix five
young studs up with an older lady, is that right.  I guess so, he
said.  And you think shed going to be willing to fuck five guys
two or three times each, I said.  We dont know, chimed in Tommy,
but we should be able to do something where everyone is happy, he
said.

Okay, I said, let me give it some thought and Ill let you know.
By the way, who are these guys, I asked.  Roy, John and Steve
said Andy.  Like I would know them I said, so who are they, I
asked again.  Oh, sorry, said Andy.  Roy Anderson, he lives next
door to me.  John Cole, you know Mrs. Coles son who lives next
door to Barbara and his best buddy Steve who I think lives on the
other side of town, but goes to school and hangs out with John.

Bells and whistles when off in my head when I heard about
Denises son and his best friend, but I didnt say anything, just
listened, and once again said okay, Ill think about it, and let
you guys know.  Now you want a ride somewhere, or    Nah, we can
hitch a ride or catch the bus from here, they said, climbing out
of the car.

Denises son..hummmmm as my mind began to race a million miles
an hour.  What would she do, and what would he do?   And, also
there was another son away at college.  Man, what an explosive
situation that would make.  Id really have to stop and consider
everything, and I do mean everything, before proceeding along
those lines.  Meanwhile, I thought this a good opportunity to
have some fun and add to the collection.

The solution was so obvious and simple that I almost didnt see
it, but I worked it out made the necessary arrangements.  After
things were set up on my end, I called the boys to have them make
the final arrangements on their end.  Sunday afternoon at 1PM the
party would begin.

I arrived about 11AM to do the final prep and to be certain that
all was secured and set up the way I wanted it.  I had rented two
connecting rooms at a local hotel which Ill call room A and B. 
Rooms B I had spent hours on the previous afternoon and evening
insuring that they were totally black.  There could be no light
in either room under any circumstance.  To insure that I had zero
light, I sat in each room to let my eyes adjust, and even after
allowing 30 minutes, was unable to see my hand in front of my
face.  I now felt reasonably secure in what was about to happen.

At noon there was a knock at the door to Room A.  When I opened
the door Fran walked into the room, spun around and asked if she
was dressed okay.  I assured her she was.  Minutes later another
knock and this time Denise walked into the room.  I introduced
each, and then reviewed the brief outline of what would be
happening at the party.

With about 15 minutes remaining before the guys arrived, I took
the ladies into Room B and spent some time double checking on my
camera equipment which was now set for infra-red.  Satisfied, I
turned on the motion sensors and left the ladies in the room.

About a minute past one there was a knock on the door.  When I
opened it, there stood Tommy, Andy and their three buddies.  I
invited them all in and directed them to be seated.  This
particular room, A, was more of a small conference room than a
bedroom, so I was able to arrange the sofa and some seats across
from one wall.

I spoke with the guys for a few minutes as they settled in, and
asked them if they were ready for an afternoon of fun.  They all
said yes, and asked where the girl was.  I then began to give
them some information about what was about to happen.  First I
told them that there was not one girl, but two mature older
ladies.

I also went on to explain that privacy and discretion was way
beyond being necessary, it was a total and complete requirement
for everyone, including them as well.  Now, here is what is going
to happen, I said.

You each will find in this bag a full head mask which you will be
required to put on.  This is to protect your identity, I said. 
Once you are all ready, Im going to come by each of you with
some tape and secure the mask to your shirts.  I dont want them
coming off till its time, I said.  Anyone have a problem so far,
I asked.

No, they all shook their heads.  Good, I said.  Now after you are
all covered over, Ill open that door and the two ladies will
come into the room.  They too will be wearing a full head mask,
so their identity is also protected.  Fair enough, I asked?  
Yes, they replied.

Once they are in the room, they will not speak, nor will any of
you speak.  Also, you will not communicate with each other with
your hands, feet or even whisper.  If any of you do so, then
youll be immediately told to leave.  You all understand that, I
said.  Yes, they replied again.  Be certain guys, I said, Im not
fooling.  If you think one of the ladies is pretty and nudge your
buddy, its over with, youre gone.  You keep your mouth shut and
your hands, feet and anything else to yourself.  Do I make myself
clear?   Yes, they all acknowledged.

Good, I said.  Now in this room, the ladies will undress for you,
and you all will be able to see them.  When they are finished,
they will take their things and go back into the next room and
wait for you.  Now so youll know, the other room is totally
black.  I mean you cannot see your hand in front of your face, so
youll have to feel your way around I said.  There are two beds
in there and two ladies.  There will be no talking.  Say a word
and out you go.

One of the guys raised his hand.  Whats your question, I asked.
Well, in the other room, uh, what can we do, he asked.  Anything
you want, I said, but no rough stuff, understand.  But, it will
be dark, and there are 2 of them, just how do we.and his voice
trailed off.

Guys, youre going to have to guide the ladies with your hands or
body, else you can just do nothing and hope that they will want
to do something with you.  Remember, you cant see or talk to
them, and they certainly cant see or talk to you.

Also, when youre finished, youll come back out here and the
ladies will clean themselves up.  When they knock on the door,
they will be ready for their next visitor.  You can each have up
to 3 visits to the room, I said.  Now any more questions, I
asked.

Good, now lets check to see that none of you have anything
special on that will identify you to the ladies.   Each stood and
I checked their jeans and shirts for something special, but all
had on the usual t-shirts and jeans.  As I checked each, I let
them reach into the bag and remove a mask.

Then they all put he masks on and I placed a strip of packing
tape on the back of each to hold it against their shirt.  That
way, if one pulled his mask off, he could breath easily, but also
Id hear the tape sound as it was torn from the fabric.

All seated now, I knocked on the door to Room B.  In a minute the
door opened and in walked the ladies.  Again, both had on their
head masks, so not only their faces, but their hair was covered.
Also they were each dressed in what Ill call the basics.  That
is, something that could be found in probably every ladies closet
and simple skirt and a plain blouse.  I had them remove their
shoes, so there would be less to identify that could possibly be
unique to either one of them.

Gentlemen I said, the ladies.  Both Denise and Fran spun around
for a second so the guys could see them.

I then stepped between them, and said, as you can see both of the
ladies are older and each is physically unique in her own way.  I
reached and cupped Denises tit and said why dont you begin. 
Denise pulled the top over her head revealing her bra.  She then
looked down and using both hands unhooked the little hook in the
front under the bow.  Before she could remove it however, I
turned to Fran and asked, you need some help.  I held up my hand
for Denise to hold off, as Fran undid her blouse and revealed her
bra.  She then reached behind and unfastened the hooks and
started to slide the bra off.  As the same time, I told Denise to
continue, and she removed her bra as well.

Now standing in front of the guys were two topless ladies,  It
didnt take much to see some squirming by the guys and the tents
rising in their pants.  Ladies, I said, seems that the men like
your tits.  Now bend over so they can see just how big they are,
I said.

They both stood facing the guys and put their hands on their
knees as they leaned forward so their tits hung beneath them.  I
moved between them and with each hand cupped one of their tits
and began to play with it.
I then had them stand up and turn to face one another.  With
their profile towards the guys, and I standing behind them, I
managed to reach between them and lift each of their tits so as
to rub their nipples together.

I then instructed them to finish undressing.  Fran was the first
out of her panties while Denise was just starting to slide hers
over her hips.  I took Fran by the arm and moved her forward,
closer to the guys where she now stood naked except for the head
mask.

Since you were nice enough to finish undressing first, then you
should be the first to show the guys your pretty pussy, I said. 
I pulled a small folding chair that was in the room, and had Fran
sit on it.  Now, I said, lift your legs so we can all see.   Fran
lifted her legs up and I reached between them and spread her
pussy open with my fingers.

After a few minutes of the guys jockying for position, I had her
exchange places with Denise, who also lifted her legs and I open
her pussy.

Ladies, I said, now gather your cloths and go into the other
room.  Knock when you are ready, I said.  Denise and Fran left
the room and I produced a hat with folded pieces of paper
numbered one through five.  Guys, I said, take off the head masks
and draw a number.

As the masks came off, their sweaty heads showed just what kind
of anticipation and pressure they were under.  I tossed them some
towels to dry themselves off, then the numbers were drawn.  As
they drew a number, I took a felt tip pen and wrote the number
just above their ankle.  Now they were each numbered.  Next we
drew the numbers again for the order.

The first to go I told what to expect, along with the others
listening.  First you need to get undressed here and leave your
cloths.  When you open the door you will stop and close it behind
you.  You are to count to 25, then move forward.  You will feel a
cloth.  This is a hanging drape to block any light from getting
from the door.  Once you are past the curtain, you will be
between the two beds.  A lady will be on each bed.

Since youve seen the ladies, you have a general idea of which
one is which, so if you have a personal preference, so be it. 
The ladies are there for you, so enjoy, I said.  Once you cum,
you will have to get up and make your way back to the door behind
the curtain.  Knock on the door and well open it for you.

Any questions, I asked.  Yea, said one of the guys, what happens
if I want both of the cunts, he asked.  Then use your hands and
bring them together.  Remember no talking, I said.  Everyone
understand.  Yes, they answered.  Good, now lets get ready for
the knock.

A few minutes later, there was a knock on the door.  The first
guest opened the door and stepped into the total darkness of the
room, closing the door behind him.  Watching on my wireless PDA
screen, I could see what was happening inside the room.

He moved as instructed between the beds, then turned right and
began to feel on the matress until he came to a body, which he
proceeded to feel.  I could see him playing with the ladies tits,
then moving his hand down between her legs and her opening her
legs to accommodate his hand.

Next he leaned down and sucked her tits for a few minutes, then
turned to the other bed, where he proceed to repeat the action. 
He then climbed onto the bed in a 69 position and the lady sucked
his cock as he played with her pussy.  It didnt take long, but
you could see his body shake some as he dumped his load into her
mouth.

A minute later there was a knock on the door and he reentered the
room.  Tommy was the next to enter the room, and I knew hed have
his way with one or both of the women.  Sure enough watching on
the PDA screen I saw him move to one of the beds and immediately
begin to feel the womans tits.  Next to the other bed and the
same thing.  He now knew that Denise was on the left bed, so he
pulled her off the bed and onto the other bed, putting her head
down between Frans legs.  He then made his way to the end of the
bed and pulled on both Denise and Fran to scoot down some.  He
then move alongside and moved Denises hands to Frans tits, then
moved behind Denise and drove his cock into her pussy.  With each
thrust, he drove Denises face into Frans cunt.  He was slow and
steady as he fucked her, but instead of pumping her full of his
seed, he withdrew and moved to the side of the bed and turned
Frans face to begin sucking on his cock.  It didnt take long
before he was unloading into Frans mouth  and he pulled Denise up
to also enjoy the fruits of his labor.

And so it went, with each guy enjoying one or both of the ladies.
 Interesting to observe was Denises son as he entered the room.
First he moved to the bed with Fran on it, where he played with
her tits and fingered her pussy, but then he moved to his Mother.
 Here he had her get up on her knees, then he took his time using
his hands to throughly inspect her body followed by his licking
and kissing her all over.  He next lay on his back and had her
straddle him as he reached into her pussy and fingered her.  He
then raked his cock over her pussy and when lined up slipped it
into her.   As she started to fuck him, he reached for her
nipples and pinched and pulled on them stretching her tits as he
did so.  Finally he emptied his balls into her and he immediately
pushed her down to lick him clean before leaving the room.

The ladies continued to service the guys, until each had their
three turns in the room.  I held the guys in the room where they
could brag to one another, while Fran and Denise both cleaned up
and dressed.  They then both left by the room door and went about
their business.  A little later the phone rang and Fran was on
the phone telling me that they were both okay and well away from
the hotel.  Hearing this, I told the guys that they were now free
to leave and I hoped that they all had a good time.

I proceeded to straighten up the rooms, put the masks back into
the bags and check to see that nothing was left behind.  I then
walked out, got to the parking garage and drove home with my
equipment packed neatly in the trunk.

The following evening the phone rang, and Andy was on the line. 
Just wanted to call and say thanks he said.  Everyone had a good
time.  Im glad, I said, any problems I should know about.  Not
really, just one thing though.  Whats that, I asked.  Well
remember Mrs. Cole, he asked.  Yea, I said, what about her.  Well
her son John swears that she was one of the women there, and he
fucked his Mother.

How did he arrive at that conclusion, I asked.  Says she has this
mole on her right shoulder, and the taller lady of the two had
the exact same mole, said Andy.  Well it works for me, I said. 
Guess hell just have to climb into bed with his Mother and see
what happens, I replied.  Then you call and let me know what
hospital hes in, I laughed.

Okay, said Andy.  I thought he was mistaken, but shes not a bad
looking woman, so guess I can dream along with him, cant I. 
Have at it, I said, hanging up the phone.

(to be continued)
