Hi i am Fardous Kamal from Pakistan.I am 22 year old and single.I am
living with my family in Houston USA now.We r 3 behans and 1 bahi and
ammi abbu in my family.My two elder behans are married.I am not
married but not virgin also.About 2 year ago one of my cousin chode
me while i was staying in Pakistan.We came in USA 13 year ago.I made
some American girl frinds here.One of them is Lisa, .Now here is my
rest of the story...
I had decided tonight was the night. My best friend Lisa was sleeping
over, my parents were away and my brother, Jawad, would be going out
clubbing in a couple of hours. The plan was for us to get drunk and
talk about men and sex but I had other ideas.

Lisa and I had been best friends ever since I came to Houstan,but
there had always been something else there. When we were younger we
used to practice our kissing techniques out on each other and I have
to say I often preferred kissing her than the boys I was practicing
for. Over the years my fondness for her had developed into a crush
and, even though I had never had a lesbian affair, I wanted to find
out if she felt the same way towards me. I was very nervous and had
already started on the vodka,which i had hide it in my room, that we
had bought for later.. By the time Lisa arrived I was already fairly
tipsy but when I saw her all my nerves came back and I wondered
whether I would be able to go through with it after all. My ammi,abbu
had already left for their friend's home for a party, but my brother
was still in the front room watching TV.

Jawad is just 2 years older than me and has never really been that
popular with the girls. He is a very shy person and most of his
friends are very confident around people so Jawad always seemed to
fade into the background. I told Lisa that I wanted to have a shower
before we started drinking and she could go and watch TV with Jawad
while she waited. Meanwhile I went upstairs and got into the shower.
I couldn't get the image of Lisa in hipster jeans and a tight t-shirt
downstairs waiting for me and I began to fantasize about what I
wanted to happen later. How I desperately wanted to feel her kiss
again. I wanted to peel her panties off and taste her sweet pussy.
The thought of it all got too much for me and I began to slide my
fingers in and out of my dripping hole.

When I finally got out of the shower the sudden realization hit me
that I had been in there for 40 minutes. So much for a quick shower
eh! I rushed down the stairs with my long brown hair still wet and
wrapped in just my small white towel and then I saw them. Lisa was
lying on her back with Jawad driving his cock into her for all he was
worth. I couldn't believe my eyes. My brother had stolen my Lisa from
under my nose. I watched on. The sight of Lisa squirming around in
ecstasy was a massive turn on. Her small tits were completely exposed
and were bouncing up and down as Jawad pumped her. I found myself
staring at her face and then suddenly her eyes caught mine and a
smile spread slowly across her beautiful face. I found myself
compelled to go towards them and before I knew it I was next her.
Jawad stopped all of sudden,he was sceared and shoked.He wanted to
pull out from Lisa.But he put her legs around him and made him
continue pump his cock into her as she grabbed hold of my head and
pulled my lips onto hers. Heaven.

I felt my pussy start to throb as her tongue snaked into my willing
mouth. I wanted to feel her body against mine so, without releasing
my lips from hers I lifted my leg over her stomach and undid my towel
releasing my boobs and slowly I lowered my body, arching my back, so
that our naked bodies were at last together. Lisa felt her way
between my legs and began to stroke my clit faster and faster until I
came with such a force I thought I was going to faint. I had
completely forgotten that, while all this was going on Lisa was
getting fucked by my older brother.

Completely forgot that is, until I felt his cock nudging against my
dripping cunt. He waited for a second as if to give me a chance to
pull away but when I didn't he slowly inserted his tool into me I was
completely lost within my own orgasmic feelings. Lisa looked up at me
with amazement and whispered, "Is he fucking you?"

"Oh yesssss. He's fucking me so well." Was all I could bring myself
to reply. Lisa held me tight as my big brothers cock slid
effortlessly into my dripping honey pot. Every so often I would
remember that it was my brother who was inside me and I would get
butterflies in my tummy but that only served to make me more and more
excited. I decided now that I wanted to watch while Jawad fucked Lisa
doggy style. I maneuvered myself off Lisa and lay down next to her as
she got up on all fours. I spread my legs wide and Jawad looked me
straight in the eye as he re-entered Lisa.

As we stared at each other I massaged my clit into another orgasm and
I never took my eyes off Jawad once. Without warning he pulled out of
Lisa and moved himself on top of me. He entered me slowly at first
and then he built up into an incredible pace. Lisa laid her head on
my stomach and every now and then she would lick my brothers cock as
it pistoned in and out of me.

"I'm Cumming!" roared Jawad and I think he wanted to shoot his cum
inside me but Lisa had other ideas. She quickly grabbed his throbbing
tool and sucked him into her mouth. I couldn't see but from the
_expression on Jawad's face and the noises coming from Lisa I knew
that he had just shot his cum into her mouth. Lisa sat up and turned
to face me with a glint in her eye. As she moved towards me I licked
my lips in readiness for that final kiss and then I felt it.

As she pinned me onto the couch and pressed her lips to mine, I felt
my brothers incestuous cum filling my mouth. For a split second I
struggled against it but it tasted so good and just seemed like the
right way to finish our wild night together. My tongue wrestled with
Lisa's in a lake of warm cum and then I took a big gulp and swallowed
the whole lot of it. Jawad must have felt guilty because he left the
room straight away leaving me to fall asleep wrapped in Lisa's arms.
That was start of my love story with my bahi.....Please send your
comments about this story at pajal20@....



