Author: mypenname3000
Title: Becoming Mama's Good Boy Chapter Seven: Mind-Controlled Son's Fertile News
Subtitle: A Belt Buckle Mind-Control Story
Summary: Jason gets some wonderful news: he's bred his mother!
Keywords: mF mFf inc oral creampie anal breed preg MILF wife cuck

Copywrite 2021

Visit my blog at http://mypenname3000.com

Note: Thanks to WRC264 for beta reading this!

I sat on the toilet in the bathroom naked and hard. My stomach twisted with excitement. This was an important day. I had just run out to the grocery store to pick up something very, very important at Mom's orders.

I was eager to see the results.

Mom moved before me, her large breasts swaying, her curly, brown hair swaying about her face. She turned around, her gorgeous ass facing me, and then sank onto my lap. I held my cock upright for her, my dick throbbing as her brown-furred muff came closer and closer to my dick.

I loved when my mother's cunt slid down my dick. There was nothing like sliding back into the hole that birthed me. I was so glad the world had changed. My life had been so awesome since I donned that belt buckle. Whatever it had done to reality was amazing.

Yes, groaned Mom as she slid her pussy down my cock. Mmm, Jason, you are so hard for Mama, aren't you?

Always, I groaned, an eagerness in me to find out the results.

I shuddered as her warm, wet pussy engulfed all my cock. She sat on my dick. I held her, my hands sliding up to cup her big and soft boobs. She groaned, clenching her pussy down around my cock. My dick throbbed in her snatch, held in the warmth of her loving twat. 

She snagged the pregnancy test off the counter next to us. She shoved it down between our legs. Her pussy clenched on my cock then she peed. I groaned as some of the urine splashed hot on my balls. I didn't mind. I just wanted to find out if it had happened.

If I had bred my mother.

She had missed her period a few days ago. 

Her pussy clenched and relaxed on me as she let her urine flow. She held up the test, the rest of her piss splashing in the bowl below. My heart raced. My fingers kneaded her big boobs. I dug them in, loving the feel of her plumpness.

Now we wait, Mom said, shifting her wait and stirring her cunt around my dick. Just a few minutes.

So short, I groaned, sliding my hands from her tits down her waist. That's not enough time to do this properly.

Do what properly? she asked as I grabbed her hips.

I grinned and then I lifted her.

She gasped, her cunt squeezing about my cock. She gripped me tight. I groaned, loving the way her snatch held me. I lifted her. My arms bulged. She was light enough. She gasped as she slid up my cock, her pussy holding me tight the entire way.

I slammed her back down my cock. Her butt-cheeks smacked into my lap. I groaned, my dick throbbing in her snatch. This felt amazing. I loved being in my mother's taboo depths. I lifted her again, pumping her pussy up my dick before plunging her back down my shaft.

Fuck, Mama! I groaned. Oh, damn, I love your pussy.

Best cock in the world, she moaned, her pussy massaging me. 

Better than Dad's? I asked, holding her hips tight, my arms flexing as I worked her pussy up and down my cock.

Yes, yes, yes! Mom moaned. Her brown hair danced before my face. You have such an amazing cock, Jason. Mama made you in her womb. Her pussy! Mama made you to fit perfectly in her naughty cunt! Oh, my god, yes!

I loved those words. They made me ache. Mom and I had become so close. We only spent the night on Fridays and Saturdays, else I would never get enough sleep for school with how much fucking we did. She went on all my dates with Donna. When I came home from school, Mom was ready with a snack and a fuck. She rode my cock before I went to bed on school nights, leaving me gasping in my bed before she would go and sleep beside Dad soaked in my jizz.

It was amazing. I loved being my Mama's good boy. I would do anything she wanted. I pleased her friends who didn't have sons to fuck them, or whose sons had refused. But that was becoming less and less common. All my friends had succumbed to their mothers' wiles. The guys at my school were banging their mothers. It was spreading fast.

Every son needed to be his Mama's good boy. To feel her pussy sliding up and down his cock.

Goddamn, Mama! I groaned, gripping her hips. I pumped her up and down my cock. I loved the feel of her sliding up and down my dick. Your pussy is so hot.

Mmm, better to make you cum in my naughty cunt, she moaned, her boobs smacking together as she slammed down my cock.

So fucking hot. And wet!

She leaned back against my chest. Her arm reached back and hooked my head as she turned her own. She kissed me while I pumped her pussy just a few inches up and down my dick. It was more than enough stimulation. Her pussy held me tight, squeezing and relaxing about me.

My dick throbbed and ached in her twat. The pleasure built and built at the tip of my cock. I would have such a huge orgasm and pump her pussy full with my cum. I kissed her with hunger, loving the plumpness of her lips. She felt amazing working up and down my cock.

My tongue danced with hers. The pressure built at the tip of my dick. Her pussy massaged my crown, bringing me closer and closer to erupting. I would spurt so much cum into her. I would baste her with so much spunk.

She broke the kiss. Jason!

Her pussy clenched down on my cock as she impaled herself down every inch of my dick. I groaned as her hot flesh engulfed me. It was magnificent. She held me tight. She squeezed about me as I slid her back up my shaft.

Oh, my god, Jason! Jason! Mama's going to cum on your big and beautiful cock!

Good, Mama! I groaned, my arms burning from the strain of fucking her up and down my dick. But I couldn't stop. My balls swelled with the pressure of my cum begging to be released. Cum on me, Mama! Explode!

Yes! she squealed and slammed her twat down my dick. She bucked on me. Her pussy went wild. Her cunt convulsed and writhed around me. I shuddered as her flesh spasmed at me. Cum in me, Jason! Flood me with your spunk!

Yes, Mama! I gasped, aching to please her. Driven to make her happy.

I erupted.

My cum fired into my mother's spasming snatch. Her flesh rippled around my spurting cock, milking me. I unloaded over and over into her snatch. I basted her twat with all the cum in my nuts. It was a powerful delight. I groaned, savoring the bliss pumping into her snatch. 

Goddamn, yes! I moaned. Oh, fuck! Oh, damn, that's good! Mama! Mama!

Jason, honey! she squealed, her pussy rippling around me. She nursed on me with such bliss. 

I groaned, savoring the delight. My cock spurted over and over again. I flooded her with my spunk. I erupted over and over again. It was incredible. I shuddered, erupting into her twat again and again. It was fantastic to enjoy. The bliss was amazing. 

Stars danced across my vision. I sucked in deep breaths, reveling in the bliss of pumping all that cum into her snatch. I basted her with everything that I had. My face twisted in pleasure as the bliss slammed into my mind. Her pussy milked me. 

Oh, Jason, she groaned as I spilled the last of my cum into her.

Mama, I groaned, leaning back against the toilet. That was incredible. But...

Yes! she gasped and held up the pregnancy test before her. I shuddered, the anticipation building in me. Her pussy clamped down hard on my cock. Oh, my god, Jason!

What? I asked. Was that a good exclamation? A bad one.

I'm pregnant! She stood, ripping her cunt off my cock. I gasped as I popped out of her twat. My dick swayed as she whirled around. She held the pregnancy test before her. There was a pink plus. See! See!

Mama! I groaned in shock. A smile spread on my lips. You're pregnant! I did it? I bred you?

You bred me, she moaned and fell to her knees before me. She grabbed my dick. She leaned forward, bringing her lips close to my shaft. She inhaled the scent of her tangy pussy. I could smell her musk, too. It permeated the bathroom. My good boy bred me!

Tears were in her eyes. Joy shone on her face. Then she ducked her head down and swallowed the tip of my cock soaked in her pregnant juices. I gasped as she nursed on me. She suckled hard on my cock. She nursed on me. She bobbed her mouth up and down my dick. I groaned, my face twisting from the delight of her suckling mouth.

I shuddered with the pleasure of this moment. It was passionate. Amazing. She suckled with all her might as she bobbed her head. Her curly, brown hair danced around her face. She stared up at me, her green eyes so liquid with emotion.

I'm going to be a father, I groaned, her mouth working up and down my dick. 

She suckled with such might. She nursed on me with passion. Her tongue danced around my cock. She cleaned her pussy cream off my cock with her hungry mouth. I grabbed a fistful of her brown hair, holding to her as she polished my dick.

Fuck, fuck, fuck, I gasped. This heat swept through me. You're awesome, Mama!

She slid her mouth up my cock and popped off. Jason, you're the good boy who bred me. Who gave me another baby. She beamed at me. I'm going to stay hot and beautiful thanks to you.

And I'll be fucking you all the time.

She grinned at me, winked, and sucked my dick back into her warm, wet mouth.

I groaned, my balls tightening with another load of cum. It was so exciting to have knocked up my mother. This was such a hot delight. She bobbed her mouth, working her lips up and down my shaft. My back arched as I loved her mouth polishing my pole.

She suckled hard. She nursed on me with passion. It was amazing. My hand squeezed her hair as her tongue danced around the crown of my dick. She brought me closer and closer to cumming. To spurting all my jizz into her snatch. My heart pounded, pumping hot blood through my veins.

Fuck, fuck, fuck, I groaned. Mama! You're the best!

She winked a green eye at me and suckled with more passion.

I shuddered at that. She nursed on me with just such force. She knew what she was doing. I groaned, my heart pounding in my chest. The wild beat swept through me. It was amazing. I loved it. I groaned, my face contorting with the bliss of this moment. I shuddered, my dick twitching and throbbing. I wanted to cum in her. To spill every drop of jizz I had into her mouth.

My face twisted with pleasure. She was passionate about loving my dick. She had such a wondrous way of sucking on me. She swelled that pressure at the tip. I couldn't last much longer. I groaned, my dick twitching and throbbing.

Mama! I groaned. Oh, damn, Mama! Get ready!

She suckled with passion, my nuts tightening. Her tongue caressed the crown of my dick. I groaned, the ache hitting that bursting point. I threw back my head and groaned out my pleasure. My cum erupted from my cock.

Spurt after spurt of my cum fired into my mother's mouth. She moaned her delight and swallowed. Her noisy gulps filled the bathroom. I loved the sounds as I flooded her mouth with everything that I had. I pumped blast after blast of cum into her mouth for her to enjoy.

Oh, my god, I groaned. Oh, damn, Mama!

She suckled it down. I shuddered, my balls unloading the last of my spunk. I hit that wonderful peak of my pleasure. That dizzying height of bliss. I panted as she nursed out the last drops of my spunk. My body tingled with the delight.

She slid her mouth off my cock and stood, her big boobs jiggling. She took my hand. We have to tell your father the good news.

Of course, I said, holding her hand.

Mom led me naked from the bathroom. I didn't have a choice. She wanted it, so I had to make her happy. Of course, letting my dad know just how much I had cuckolded him sent a thrill through me. I used to feel weird about it, but he was so chill about it, sleeping in my room when I spent the night with Mom, fine with not having sex with her.

Now that she was pregnant, would they start having sex again? I wasn't sure how I felt about that.

If Mom wanted it, I would be a good boy. I had to be a good boy. I didn't really think about how little choice I had. Most of the time, what my mom wanted was what I wanted. I felt so good when I obeyed her. And it usually ended in my cock spurting cum into one of her holes.

We came downstairs. Dad was watching Golf on ESPN and nursing a beer. It was Saturday morning. He was off. He was a lieutenant in the Puyallup Police Department, so he had much better hours than he used to when I was a kid.

Honey! Mom said, walking up to Dad. Your son has knocked me up.

What? Dad asked. He closed the recliner and popped to his feet. That's wonderful, Rita.

He caught Mom up in a hug. Before I could warn him about what she had just been doing, he gave her a quick kiss on the lips. Mom hugged him back, pressing her naked body into his for a moment. Then she broke away from him.

Dad grinned at me. He ruffled my hair. Good work, son. Just a month since you two started, and you already knocked her up. Packing some powerful swimmers.

Dad, I groaned, embarrassed by this. I was naked. I didn't need to hear this.

Jason, Mom said, a big smile on her lips. I have a bunch of housework to do. Why don't you go over to Donna's? I'm sure she would be thrilled to find out you bred me.

Sure, Mom! I said, my dick twitching. I bet she would.

Mom threw her arms around my neck and kissed me hard on the mouth. I couldn't object. She wanted to kiss me now. Her naked tits piled soft against my chest. Her nipples hard. I grabbed her ass, our tongues dancing. My dick twitched against her. I wanted her again, but...

She wanted me to go to Donna's. 

I broke the kiss and said, I'm so glad I bred you, Mom!

She beamed at me.

I raced upstairs to get dressed. When I emerged in a pair of jeans and a t-shirt, I found mom had put on some yoga pants and a tank top, her hair tied back. She looked ready to do some serious housecleaning. She spent Saturday mornings really going all out.

Have fun, she told me and gave me another dick-hardening, incestuous kiss.

I raced to Donna's house on my bike. I was still fifteen, not able to drive. I was eager to see her. In ten minutes, I was at my girlfriend's house. I parked my bike in the driveway and raced up to the front door, ringing the doorbell.

Donna answered the doorI had tipped her off that I was on my way over. My redheaded, cheerleader girlfriend squealed when she saw me. She threw her arms around my neck and kissed me like we hadn't had a great dateand a hot threesome with my motherlast night. She pulled me into the house at the same time, her tongue lithe and wonderful.

I loved my mother the most, of course, but Donna was a close second. She was cute and sexy and amazing. I groaned into her lips as her mother bustled into the room. Mrs. Lemon had a big smile on her face as she swept to us.

Don't hog him, Donna, she purred, wearing just her housecoat, a blue robe lightly belted.

Donna broke the kiss and purred, Sorry, Mom! He just gets me so wet.

I know, Donna's mother said, her green eyes hot. She had brassy-brown hair, almost a coppery hue. She threw her arms around my neck and soundly kissed me. Since she didn't have any sons, I was a surrogate. It was hot fucking mother and daughter, especially with Mr. Lemon in the house.

I broke the kiss with the MILF while Donna quivered. So, what's the news?

News? Mrs. Lemon asked, patting her hair. She had makeup on. A subtle amount. She spruced up when she heard I was coming over.

I bred my mother, I said.

Donna squealed in delight and bounced up and down, her boobs heaving in her negligee top she wore. A pair of short-shorts left her toned thighs bare. She had a tight body. Mrs. Lemon beamed at me and clapped her hands together.

Well done, young man, said Mrs. Lemon. Ooh, that makes me wonder. I'll be right back.

She rushed to the garage. Her husband must be out there. She was gone a minute while Donna peppered me with questions. I told her how we found out. Her green eyes sizzled with her excitement at the naughty news.

Mrs. Lemon came back in. Well, I sent your father out on an errand. Why don't we go up to my bedroom and have some fun.

Ooh, yes, moaned my girlfriend. Mom's been so lonely. You haven't fucked her in a week.

Sorry, I said. It's been busy studying for midterms.

That's okay, Mrs. Lemon purred. I have a vibrator. Her father is just useless in the sack after I've had you. Haven't even wanted to touch him.

She wants to be bred by you, added Donna. Daddy only gave her daughters. She wants a son of her own to raise.

Glad to give it, I said as Mrs. Lemon led the way, her housecoat opening. She let it fall off her as she went up the stairs, her naked rump coming into view.

Donna, clinging to my arm, smacked her lips as she stared at her mother's ass. The only incest that this world thought was okay was mother/son incest. Except if a woman was having a surrogate son fuck her, like her daughter's boyfriend. Then the daughter was encouraged to join the fun and be intimate with both. 

It was a strange world the belt buckle created but an exciting one.

Mrs. Lemon, and her gorgeous rump, led the way to her bedroom. She slid into it and turned to face us, her big breasts swaying back and forth. They were soft and plump, her nipples dusky pink and thrusting hard from her wide areolas. Her daughter had lighter pink nipples. 

I glimpsed those a moment later as Donna peeled off her top. She threw it to the ground, her tits jiggling. She pinched her nipples and tweaked them. Her hips wiggled back and forth, clad in those tight shorts of hers.

Mrs. Lemon grabbed my shoulders and pulled me to her. I groaned, kissing her with hunger. My hands slid around her waist. I held her ass, kneading her plump rump as we came together. Her lips melted hot against my mouth. I thrust my tongue into her mouth and stirred around in her. 

She pulled me to the bed. Out of the corner of my eye, Donna wiggled out of her short-shorts, her round tits swaying. Her green eyes had such a delight. I loved it as I let the MILF take charge. She wasn't my mother, but part of me still wanted to be a good boy for her.

She didn't have a son to breed her. To fuck her. To make her cum like she deserved.

Her tongue thrust into my mouth as she turned me and then pressed me down on the bed. She sank with me, straddling me. My cock throbbed in my pants. She broke the kiss and smiled at me, her big boobs swaying.

Mmm, let's get you naked, she cooed. My daughter and I are going to ravish you.

God, yes, I groaned, wanting the MILF and Donna to do that to me.

Mmm, let's get these shoes off, Donna said and attacked my right tennis shoe. Her mother grabbed my shirt and pulled it up my body.

I let her, thrusting my arms over my head. She threw it to the side and groaned at the sight of my naked torso. She rubbed at my chest, this wicked gleam shining in her eyes as she caressed my boyish body.

You are such a sexy stud, Jason, she moaned, her big boobs swayed. I get why Donna loves you.

She loves me? I asked.

Big time, Donna said. Haven't you noticed?

A little, I said as she took off my other shoe. What you did last night... Damn.

Donna giggled. That was fun. The look on your mother's face... She was shocked and delighted all at the same time. You don't know it, but she thanked me for doing that. Said, 'I'm so glad my son met you. You're wonderful for him.'

Mom approved, I said, Mrs. Lemon grinding her cunt on my jeans, her bush rustling on the denim. You approve of me, Mrs. Lemon?

I'm about to ride your big dick, aren't I, young man? she purred. Oh, I approve! 

SMACK!

The stinging sound of a spank to the rump and a gasp from Mrs. Lemon echoed through the room. If you don't get off him, we can't take his pants and boxers off so you can fuck him, Mom.

You spanked me, Donna, gasped Mrs. Lemon. She rose off me. What a wicked daughter.

So wicked, I agreed, a big smile spreading my lips.

Mmm, you have no idea, Donna said, reaching beneath her mother to unfasten my pants and strip me naked. Donna worked fast. I can't believe you're making me do all the work in stripping him naked, Mom.

That's what children are for. The MILF winked at me. To do all the chores so you can just enjoy yourself. Have a few of Jason's so you can know that joy.

Oh, I plan on it, my girlfriend purred as she yanked down my pants, leaving me just in my boxers. My cock throbbed at the throaty delight in her voice.

Then she took off my boxers. The moment she did, her mother grabbed my cock and lifted it to her brassy bush. She pressed my pink tip into her curls. Her big boobs jiggled. The MILF smiled down at me and then lowered herself. 

My dick blazed a trail through her bush and found her pussy lips. They kissed my tip. I groaned as the wet and silky folds slid over my cock. Another mother's pussy swallowed my shaft. Pleasure shot down from the crown, the heat soaking my balls.

Fuck, I groaned as the MILF sank lower and lower down my dick. She took every inch of me. That's so good. Oh, wow, Mrs. Lemon, you have such a delicious cunt.

Mmm, as delicious as mine? Donna asked, crawling onto the bed beside her mother. Donna kept her pussy shaved, her juices spilling down her thighs.

Sit on my face and let me find out, I groaned as her mother bottomed out on my cock.

Ooh, that's a splendid idea, she purred and crawled up my body, her tits jiggling and swaying. She had such beautiful breasts. And so did her mother.

Mrs. Lemon's boobs quivered as she slid up me. Her pussy squeezed about my cock. She held me tight. I groaned, my back arching as she climbed higher and higher up my dick. It felt incredible. I shuddered, savoring the feel of her snatch gripping me.

I groaned as she rose to that pinnacle. This wonderful delight shot through me. My dick twitched and throbbed. I shuddered as she plunged her pussy back down my cock. She sank down me, taking every inch of my dick.

Fuck, yes! I moaned. Oh, my god, that's good. That's so good.

I bet it is, Donna purred. After all, I'm her daughter, and you love my pussy.

Yes, I do, I groaned as she threw her leg over me. Her spicy musk filled my nose. She planted her pussy on my face. 

I loved the taste of her juices spilling past my lips. Her bald vulva rubbed on me. I savored the massaging delight. She groaned, grinding her flesh on me. She smeared her hot cunt across my lips. My tongue danced through her folds.

She groaned as I did that. My tongue licked at her while she rode my face. Her butt-cheeks clenched before my eyes while her mother slid her pussy up and down my cock. That hot and tight MILF-cunt massaged me.

Oh, my god, I needed this, moaned Mrs. Lemon, her juicy pussy working up and down me. If my husband had a cock this big, I would be riding him all the time.

Mmm, lucky me, moaned Donna. Ooh, your boobs are bouncing so much, Mommy.

I love how yours quiver, purred Mrs. Lemon. Just so perky.

They both groaned. I pitchered them groping the other's boobs. Mother squeezing her daughter's ripe, teenage titties. Daughter massaging her mother's plump, mature boobs. My tongue danced around in Donna's cunt while my dick ached in her mother's snatch.

The MILF rode me, working her married snatch up and down my cock. The crown of my cock drank in the delight of her pussy. The pleasure flowed down my cock. I groaned, savoring the way that she worked her twat up and down me. It was amazing. 

My balls tightened. I had a load of cum brimming in there just with the MILF's name on it. This was so exciting. I shuddered, my dick throbbing into Mrs. Lemon's cunt. I groaned into the daughter's twat, licking her pussy.

Yes, yes, yes, the MILF moaned, working her cunt up and down my dick. Ooh, that's it. That's the cock that's going to give me a son.

Mmm, breed my mother, Donna moaned, grinding her pussy on my face. You've knocked up one mother, now do another!

Yes! I groaned into her snatch.

My tongue licked at her folds. I danced up and down her, caressing her, loving the feel of her pussy on my mouth. She tasted so good. Just so delicious. I loved her. I fluttered my tongue through her folds. I teased her, savoring the flavor of her.

She groaned and ground her twat on my face. I feasted on her while savoring her mother's hot cunt working up and down my cock. My orgasm built and built. That wonderful burst of pleasure would fire out of me. I would baste the MILF's snatch with everything that I had.

Yes, yes, yes, groaned Mrs. Lemon. Oh, your cock is so amazing, Jason.

Mmm, just make her cum, Jason, whimpered my girlfriend. She shifted, leaning forward. Make her explode.

I heard a suckling sound. Mrs. Lemon gasped. Her pussy clenched about my cock. I groaned, loving that Donna nursed on her mother's nipple. I flicked my tongue through Donna's shaved folds, brushing her clit. More of her spicy juices spilled through my mouth.

I nibbled on her bud as her mother slammed her cunt down my cock. Mrs. Lemon moaned louder and louder, her snatch gripping my dick. She massaged me with her wonderful flesh, bringing me closer and closer to erupting in her.

I would baste her cunt with everything that I had. I would flood her with all the spunk in my nuts. I groaned, my balls tightening. The pressure grew and grew. My face contorted with the bliss. I would pump away at her.

The tip of my dick ached more and more. I groaned around Donna's bud, so close to erupting. My tongue danced around her clit as her mother worked up and down my dick, gripping me with all that wonderful passion.

Oh, my god, that's so good, gasped the MILF. She plunged her pussy down my cock. I'm almost there. Ooh, Donna, keep suckling.

Donna moaned and nursed with wet slurps. Her butt-cheeks clenched before my face.

God, I want you both to cum on me, I groaned and nibbled on my girlfriend's clit.

Yes, yes, yes, gasped the MILF. That sounds perfect. Just cum in my pussy, Jason!

She slammed her cunt down my cock and squealed. Her married flesh went wild about my dick. She suckled at me. She nursed with passion on my cock. My face contorted from the bliss of her snatch writhing around me. My back arched, loving the way her pussy rippled about me.

I groaned, nursing hard on Donna's clit. She gasped. I heard a wet plop. Donna's back arched, her fiery hair dancing around her shoulders. She squealed her delight. Spicy pussy cream gushed out of her twat and bathed my mouth.

Oh, my god, Jason, you're such a stud! she squealed as she drowned me in pussy cream.

Yes, he is, the mother moaned, her pussy going wild about my dick. She spasmed with such intensity. That's it. That's perfect. Yes, yes, just fire all that cum into my snatch. It's amazing. OH, my god, that's perfect. Just flood me with everything that you have.

Yes, Mrs. Lemon! I moaned into her daughter's climaxing twat.

I erupted.

My cum fired over and over from my dick. Spurt after spurt of my cum fired out of my dick. I groaned, the pleasure slamming through me. I groaned, unloading everything that I had. I pumped spurt after spurt of jizz into her snatch. I emptied it all into her. It was so amazing. The pleasure swept through my body.

Fuck, fuck, fuck! I groaned, the heat intense. The pleasure blazed through my mind. That's so good. That's amazing! Goddamn!

Flood my mother! squealed Donna, grinding her spicy twat on my mouth.

I drank her juice as her mother's cunt milked my cock. Mrs. Lemon's flesh rippled around my spurting dick. It was so amazing to dump my cum into another MILF's cunt today. My mother's and my girlfriend's. It was so hot. I basted Mrs. Lemon's snatch.

So much cum, moaned Mrs. Lemon. Oh, yes, yes, so much cum! 

A voice cleared a throat. I'll just leave the bag here by the door, Mr. Lemon said. And, uh, have fun.

We are! moaned Mrs. Lemon as she milked my cock. Ooh, thank you, honey.

Thank you, Daddy! squealed Donna as she squirmed on my face.

I fired the last of my cum as the door closed. Mr. Lemon retreated, leaving me to flood his wife with blast after blast of cum. To baste her cunt with everything that I had in my balls. I shuddered, the pleasure intense and wonderful.

I panted. Donna slid off my face, her round tits jiggling over me. She left me smeared in her pussy cream. Her mother leaned down, her hands sliding over my chest. Her pussy clenched on my hard dick. She kissed me with hunger. She planted her mouth on mine, melting her lips against me.

I groaned, savoring the delight of her lips kissing me. Teasing me. It was amazing. Her tongue danced in mine. She swirled around in me. It was fantastic to have her doing that. She tasted her daughter's pussy juices on my lips. It was so hot. Indirect incest. 

SMACK!

Mrs. Lemon yelped and broke the kiss. She glared at her daughter. Stop spanking me. I'm the mother, not you!

And I'm hungry, Donna moaned. You have my boyfriend's cum filling your pussy, and you're not letting me lick it out of you. She smacked her lips. And after I've been so kind to share him with you.

Such a brat, Mrs. Lemon purred. If you want to break up with her. I'll date you.

And what, leave Dad? Donna asked, sounding shocked.

Oh, what, I can't have my 'surrogate' son on the side? Mrs. Lemon asked. Isn't that part of all that M.I.L.F.S. literature you pass out.

My girlfriend grinned. True. Well, good thing that Jason likes me being a brat to you.

Yeah, I said. Sorry. It's cute when she's like that.

Cute... Mrs. Lemon shook her head. I used to be cute. Now I'm just beautiful. Hot. A MILF.

Sorry, Mom, said Donna, a big grin on her face. Now get off his cock so I can munch on your cunt. I want to lick out all that cum from your furry muff. A creamy hair pie is what I need.

Fine, fine, Mrs. Lemon purred. You did bring this wonderful stud over. That's more than Chrissy ever did. She never shared one of her boyfriends with me.

Chrissy's a bitch, Mom, Donna said. That was her older sister. She was off at college. But you have me. Your cute and adorable daughter to eat out your pussy full of my man's seed.

Mrs. Lemon smiled and rolled off me. She shifted around on her bed and leaned against the pillows. She spread her legs wide, my cum matting her brassy curls. With a giggle of delight, Donna crawled between her mother's thighs, ducked her head down, and feasted.

I shuddered and sat up, watching the mother/daughter incest before my eyes. Donna had her face planted in that thick bush, licking my cum from that taboo hole. Her cute rump wiggled back and forth. My dick throbbed. I was already lubed by her mother, so...

I sat up and grabbed her hips. I was interested in some anal delights today. I was so ready to just ram my cock into her flesh and fuck her hard. She would gasp and moan as I sodomized her. I was so ready for it.

I slid my cock into her butt-crack. She groaned, wiggling her rump back and forth. I slid lower and lower until I found her asshole. I loved the feel of her sphincter against my dick. I was so ready to thrust into her and fuck her hard.

I pressed against her. I pushed on her asshole. 

Ooh, yes, yes, bugger me with your big dick, Jason! she moaned, such enthusiasm in her throat. Just ram into me and make me squeal. 

Mmm, do that to my naughty daughter, the MILF moaned. She massaged her big breasts, her green eyes locked on me. Just fuck her hard. Pound her asshole!

I am going to make her squeal into your pussy, Mrs. Lemon! I groaned and pressed my cock into her daughter's asshole. Her sphincter widened more and more, sliding over the lubed crown of my dick. Just make her cum so hard!

Yay! she squealed as I popped into her asshole.

I groaned as that velvety delight slid around my cock. I sank deeper and deeper into her as she feasted on her mother's cunt. She licked at her mother, feasting with just such hunger on her. This was so exciting. My cock throbbed and ached as I bottomed out in her bowels.

I gripped her hips and drew back. She squealed into her mother's pussy, her asshole holding tight to my cock. It felt amazing having her squeeze about me like that. Just fantastic. I knew I would have a huge orgasm. Just a mighty burst of rapture that would shoot out of me. I groaned as her flesh suckled at me in just that exciting way.

Damn, I groaned as I slammed back into her. I buried to the hilt in her bowels. You're so hot and tight, Donna.

Mmm, my daughter is amazing, moaned Mrs. Lemon. God, she's got her tongue deep in my cunt. Just licking out all that cum you fired in me.

It's just so yummy, purred my girlfriend as I fucked away at her bowels. Mommy cream and salty cum. I am in heaven! God, and you're pounding my asshole. You're so awesome, Jason! I love you!

Love you, too, I groaned burying into her with hard strokes. I plunged to the hilt in her snatch.

She squeezed about me. Her hot flesh gripped me as I pumped my dick into her bowels. My nuts smacked into her flesh. They cracked over and over again, the pressure swelling in them. Her tight asshole brought me closer and closer to cumming.

Mrs. Lemon squeezed her tits. She kneaded them. Her fingers dug into them as I fucked away at her daughter's asshole. I buried over and over into that velvety sheath while watching the MILF fondle her boobs.

Mmm, you love big tits, don't you? purred Mrs. Lemon.

Yes! I growled. Then quickly added, And I love your firm tits, Donna.

Smart boy. The MILF winked at me. 

I grinned back at her and thrust my cock harder into her bowels. I fucked her with such passion. I rammed to the hilt in her. I savored the way she squeezed about me. My dick throbbed, the pressure swelling and swelling.

Mrs. Lemon arched her back. Her daughter moaned into her pussy. The MILF squeezed her big boobs, pleasure crossing her face. I wondered what Donna was doing to her mother's cunt? How she was licking at her.

Oh, my god, you're just wiggling that tongue in me! gasped the MILF.

Got to get all that yummy cum out, moaned my girlfriend, her bowels squeezing about my thrusting cock. I have to do something bold.

Suckling sounds filled the air. Mrs. Lemon gasped. I groaned, realizing Donna was nursing out my jizz from her mother's depths. That was so hot. The incestuous and taboo sounds filled the air. I slammed my cock into my girlfriend's bowels, my nuts smacking into her taint.

I had so much cum in them. The belt had given me such stamina. I groaned, rising towards that moment when I would spurt all my jizz into her flesh. It was incredible. My face twisted in delight. I would just explode.

Fuck! I groaned, my dick throbbing in her depths. Oh, fuck, that's so good. I'm going to explode.

Mmm, just keep fucking me! moaned Donna. I cleaned out all the cum, but I got to make my mom cum now!

Do it! the MILF purred. Oh, god, yes, yes, lick my clit.

I grinned, thrilled my girlfriend was pleasing her mother. I pumped away at her with hard strokes. I buried to the hilt in her bowels watching the MILF shudder from the pleasure. The bed creaked and groaned with our passion.

Oh, my god, that's it, moaned Mrs. Lemon. You naughty girl. You're going to make me... me... Yes!

Mrs. Lemon bucked. I knew she was climaxing. The pleasure raced through her cunt and bathed her daughter's face in that delicious pussy cream. My dick throbbed as I plowed into Donna's asshole, my nuts heavy with cum smacking into her rump.

So delicious, moaned my girlfriend as she drank her mother's pussy cream. Ooh, that's yummy!

Her head moved as she licked and lapped up the delight of her mother's pussy. My dick twitched and throbbed in her asshole, savoring the way she squeezed about me. Her hot flesh swelled the ache at the tip of my cock.

Her bowels clenched down on me as I buried into her. A moment later, her velvety flesh convulsed around me. She squealed into her mother's snatch as her asshole rippled around me. She came on my dick. I drew back, the spicy scent of her orgasm filling the air. I reveled in that delight. I savored her flesh suckling at me.

Fuck! I groaned, drawing back my hips. Donna!

Cum in my daughter's asshole, Jason, moaned the MILF, her eyes hot on me. Just flood her bowels with all that cum!

Yes! I growled and buried to the hilt in her asshole. Her flesh rippled around me, suckling at me. The pressure at the tip of my dick hit that peak.

I erupted into her asshole.

I threw back my head, my hands gripping her waist. I pumped blast after blast of cum into her bowels. I reveled in the bliss. I savored her flesh convulsing around me. It was fantastic to enjoy. I groaned, my face twisting with the delight. 

He's flooding me with all his cum, Mom! squealed Donna.

Of course he is! purred the MILF, her body trembling. She squeezed her bountiful boobs. Mmm, just dump it all into her!

Yes, Mrs. Lemon! I growled.

I unloaded blast after blast of cum into her bowels. I flooded her with everything that I had. I groaned as I pumped her full of my jizz. I loved the feel of her ass writhing around my dick. She felt amazing. Just perfect.

Fuck, fuck, fuck! I groaned, loving the way she suckled at me.

She worked out every drop of cum from my balls. I panted as I ran dry. My chest rose and fell. A big smile spread on my lips as her asshole held me tight. She knew just how to grip me. It was fantastic to have her squeezing about me. 

Damn, Donna, I groaned and pulled out of her asshole. I fell back on the bed, panting.

Mmm, you were amazing, stud, Donna cooed. She crawled to me and pressed her body on mine. She kissed me, her lips smeared in her mother's tart juices. They tasted fantastic. My tongue danced around her lips, licking up the delight. 

I groaned, savoring the kiss and the feel of her lithe body against me. Her mother stretched, her big boobs jiggling. They were such wondrous delights the way they swung back and forth as she arched her back. Just beauties to witness.

Donna broke the kiss. Oh, yeah, what did you have Daddy go out and buy that was so important, Mom? 

Ooh, well, I was a little inspired by Jason's news, Mrs. Lemon said and rolled off the bed. It might be premature, but... She padded over to the brown plastic bag. She reached in and plucked out a pair of pregnancy tests, not the same brand as the ones I bought for mom. Shall we find out if this stud has bred us?

Oh, my god, yes! gasped Donna. She broke from me and tumbled off the bed with a cheerleader's grace. She grabbed her mother's hand and dragged her into the master bathroom.

The door closed. I lay there, blinking. Wouldn't it be amazing if they both were pregnant? I heard whispered giggles and then the splash of urine as they peed on their pregnancy tests. I rolled up and snagged my pants, fishing out my phone.

Just heard from your mother that she had a pregnancy test, Mrs. Best texted me. So I took one myself. There was a naked pic of the MILF holding a pregnancy test with a positive result. She was my mom's best friend and the mother of my friend Tim. I had fucked Mrs. Best that first day I donned the belt in a threesome with my own mother. Looks like you're going to have two kids.

Looks like it, I said, wondering if it was mine. Sure it's not Tim's?

He waited too long to fuck me, said Mrs. Best. I'm sure it's yours from the timing. He should have been taking care of me.

Yes, he should, I sent. 

I had another text message. It was from Mrs. Donovan, another MILF I had fucked that first day. I enjoyed her before her son, my friend Carl. It was just a picture of a pregnancy test. A positive one.

Fuck, I muttered and texted. Mine?

She answered with a winky emoji. 

Damn, I groaned. Three MILFs bred.

Then Mrs. Lemon burst out of the bathroom looking ecstatic but Donna had a dejected scowl on her lips. The MILF rushed to me and threw her arms around me. She kissed me with such passion. Her tongue thrust nearly to my tonsils.

Well, you bred one of us, Donna said. 

I broke the kiss with her excited mother. Sorry.

Well, it just means we have to keep trying. Donna grinned. I want to be bred young. I want to have your children. At least one son and a daughter.

I grinned at her. Deal. 

So, we better get practicing, she said. You did fire in my asshole. That's not going to help. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Later that day, I came home to tell my mother the big news only to find her rushing up to me and hugging me tight. I assumed she had heard about some of the MILFs I had bread today, if not Mrs. Lemon, but that wasn't it.

I'm winning an award from M.I.L.F.S.! she squealed. The 'Most Successful Activist' award for my work at your high school!

Congrats, Mom! I said, grinning at her. When is it?

Well, not for a few months. I'll probably be showing by then. Ooh, this is so exciting! Then she grinned. And I hear you've bred three MILFs.

Oh, you heard about Mrs. Lemon? I asked.

No, no, your principal. She's got a bun in the oven, too. Then Mom blinked. So it's four MILFs, hun. Mmm, my son is a stud. Come on. We have to celebrate!

God, I loved this new world. I would be a mama's boy until the day I died.

To be continued...
