Hope-less - Caught, Stripped and Towel Whipped
by SDS

Hope... it is a strange thing but I really did hope that this day would be the one I proved myself to the other girls.

"Girl's please this isn't a good idea" I pleaded trying to find support but as usually I found none. The pair of board shorts was pushed into my hands as the girls all giggled crowding around me. We were hidden behind the bins around the back of the local outdoor pool. "Come on Hope, you gotta do it! You promised remember?" pushed Charlotte the leader of the group. I didn't remember promising anything, as usual I had just been pressured into this crazy plan. It had all seemed silly fun when it was just sleepover talk and giggles, but now it was all very real and terrifying. I had been invited to a sleepover which was unusual as I was usually the outsider in this group, the butt of the jokes, sometimes allowed to hang around with them other times bullied. Talk turned to seeing the boys naked in our class, many giggles and speculation were had but somehow a crazy idea was put forward.

You see I was a late bloomer, practically flat chested and missing the womanly curves of the other girls, they had decided I could easily pass for a boy. The plan was simple, using a baseball cap to hide my hair and pair of board shorts to hide my gender and I would secretly film inside the pools boys changing room, knowing many boys from our school would be there. I would capture some willy pictures and escape a hero. I had wanted to wear a T-shirt but the girls had convinced me It would be less believable than been topless. The summer was so warm most boys went bare above the waist especially at the pool.

I quickly rolled my one piece down exposing my pale top-half to the sun and the laughing girls. Although, we were hidden it felt surreal stripping in public. I covered my chest, shy to even let the girls see my boobies as they often teased them calling them mosquito bites. I had managed against their protests to get two concessions to the plan. Firstly, I could keep my one-piece on underneath my shorts for a quick change after the get away. Secondly I could use a folded towel, draped casually over my shoulders to strategically hide my nipples even if the rest of my front and all my back was exposed. I could pull off this look without making it obvious I was covering myself. To finish the disguise I put on a pair of swimming goggles, it was a little touch but it helped to hide my features in case I was recognised. "Oh my god you do look like a boy!" Laughed one of the other girls quickly taking a picture to show me.

Even disguised I was nearly shaking as I made my way out in public half naked. This felt so naughty but also exiting as I wandered past the oblivious boys and girls in the pool area. Luckily, I had not yet got my summer swimsuit tan so only a T shirt impression was left on me, I would have been in real trouble posing as a boy with a bikini tan. I walked past boys and girls I knew, blushing and terrified that someone would recognize me, but they didn't I was just some random boy. I felt a new wash of shame as I reached the changing area, I must have really look like a boy with my pathetic childish body.

Now the real terror started as I stood before the changing room, new doubts sprouted in my mind, what if someone spoke to me? What do boys even do in there? Did I even want to see a naked boy up close? Was a ready for such a life defining event? I looked over my shoulder and saw the girls grinning at me urging me to go in. Suddenly I knew I had to go in. The girls wanted to see naked boys but if I chickened out they would easily expose my pretense instead. I readied my phone, started a recording and walked in holding it as inconspicuously as I could. My heat hammered in my chest as a turned the corner ready to have my life changed forever.

Outside Charlotte quickly flagged down a couple of boys and pointed in my direction a devious grin split her face and the other girls all burst into hysterics sitting down nearby ready to witness their ultimate prank.

The smell of sweat and chlorine assaulted my senses as I tiptoed into the humid tiled room. It looked much like the girls half, if not a little smellier and grubby. My eyes quickly darted to the boys present, a couple looked up at me, but they didn't pay much interest. One older boy had just pulled up his shorts so I narrowly missed a show. Another younger one was in his underpants but there was no willys in sight yet. I was debating whether to watch the younger lad strip or chicken out and leave when I was grabbed from behind.

"What do we have here?" Laughed a tall tanned boy pulling the phone from my hand. "Someones filming us boys?" It was Craig Miller I knew from his voice and annoying laugh even before I looked around. I wanted to scream but caught the girly reaction in my throat. The other boy who had just walked in with Craig pulled the hat from my head letting my dirty blond locks spill out.

"It's a girl!" Cried the boy in his underwear quickly covering himself up.

"Yea a little topless girl!" Laughed Craig throwing the towel off my shoulders. I quickly covered up my exposed chest as the six boys in the room started laughing at me.

"Go keep watch!" Craig said to the youngster and the lad ran towards the entrance.

I was pushed up against the cold tiled wall and Craig pulled the goggles down to my chin. I sat near him in Maths class and I could see from his grin he knew exactly who I was. "Not just any little girl either, It's little Hope Smith"

"No way? In our year?" His chubby cronies laughed lifting my chin to get a better look at my face as I startedat the wet floor.

"Oh yea, Hope 'her titties grow' Smith" he laughed in my face his foul breath engulfing me.

"Please let me go!" I begged but had a bad feeling the boys had other plans. I had been caught doing something very stupid.

"No way! Look at you anyway little perv trying to film the boys and pretending to be one. Think we should show her what we do to naughty little girls? What do you say lads?" The other boys cheered and laughed their agreement.

I tried to run but it was hard with my arms over my bare chest and two bigger boys in the way. They simply grabbed me by the elbows and guided me with them. They dragged me around the corner to a more secluded section of the changing room, so no one would accidentally walk in on us.

I was terrified and rightly so. The loose board shorts I was wearing slipped down on their own revealing my rolled down one piece. The five boys still present for my humiliation laughed at this and Craig actually reached over and tugged the shorts all the way down to my ankles making it difficult to walk. I let out a cry it felt like been pantsed, but I was still wearing my swimsuit to cover my crotch. Still being topless in front of the boys was the most embarrassing moment of my life, even If I was still covering with my hands I was still very exposed and vulnerable. I wanted to scream for help but knew the noise outside would mask my pleas. I was also scared it would just attract more boys, the pool was very busy.

I was pushed onto the central bench landing hard on the wooden seat. Craig bent down and removed the cord from my shorts but left them around my ankles. I was confused but too scared to think. I was shaking but hoped the boys were just scaring me. He passed the cord to someone behind me on the other side of the bench. I looked back and then upwards to see the grinning boy stood on the bench looping it around a pipe high above me. My heart stopped as terror flooded my veins. I was grabbed kicking and screaming as I soon realised what they were going to do to me. I was lifted and made to stand on the bench, my arms were pried away from my chest and forced up over my head. Two of the other boys I knew only by their faces helped to hold me in position while I was secured.

I pulled and pulled, but I was stuck tight, tied stood on the bench elevated in front of everyone. The worst part was that I couldn't even lower my arms enough to cover my newly exposed chest. I didnt have much to show in the tit department, but they could all see my exposed nipples and lack of real boobs. The boys stood around starting, pointing, laughing and taunting me. This was a nightmare and worse was the insults.

"Oh my god look at her little tittes"

"What tits?"

"Are you sure she's not a primary school kid?"

"You sure she's not a boy after all?"

I cried openly now blushing bright red begging them to let me down. The raised position meant I was perfectly displayed for them all covered only by my one piece around my waist. If my shame couldn't get any worse, three more boys poked thier heads around the corner.

"Told ya, she's got no boobs!" Laughed the younger lad from earlier returning with two of his mates.

Craig only laughed at this letting the then join the older boys in the game, upping my number of watchers to nine. I wanted the ground to open up and swallow me.

"We'll since you wanted to see some naked boys it only seems fair to let these boys see you naked"

"No please no!" I begged as Craig swaggered over to me again

I cried and screamed and tried to kick but with the shorts still tying my legs there was little I could do as Craig peeled my one piece down over my most private little kitty. I clamped my legs together the best I could but there was nothing I could so as he exposed my pink little slit to all the boys as they cheered and laughed as I was totally exposed to them.

My nudity now complete was only highlighted by my raised position a the boys were seeing my most private of private areas.

"Oh my god she's got no hair either!" giggled the one of the younger boys quickly coming in closer for a better look. Their mocking soon compared me to girls their own age as I was left hanging totally humiliated. I closed my eyes trying to pretend I wasn't in such a situation. My most womanly secrets or more accurately my lack of womanly secrets were exposed to all the boys. Everyone would know about my lack of development and my life was officially over. Even these younger boys were getting to see me naked and all I could do was cry and struggle against the cords at my wrist. My squirming just made them laugh more getting a kick out of my discomfort.

"Look at her white bottom!" Laughed another boy running around for a better view behind me. I was like a object of fun helpless and totally on display for them.

I could here laughter behind me and knew the older boys had gone around for a better view too. I forced my eyes open and strained to look behind me at what the awful boys were doing.

"The Fuck!" I heard someone shout and knew another boy had found me tied up. He was pulled to the side and I couldn't hear the conversation but from the lack of been rescued I assumed he had decided to stay for the show. I turned back to the empty chaing room and tried to kick my feet out of my swimwear, hoping to free a leg for some coverage at least, but it was no good, I was tangled good.

There was a sudden crack and then a streak of pain shot through my exposed bottom. I let out a girly cry of paint as everyone laughed at my discomfort. I looked behind me to see one of the younger boys twisting up a towel ready to whip me again. "No ple...oowww" I cried as he caught me right on the leg thisn time sending a spark of pain through me.

My exposed vulnerable flesh was a perfect target as other boys took up the game turning my pale bottom red with whip marks. I could only try and wiggle my body out of the way much to their amusement as they laughed and cheered as I screamed and cried with each wack. Their whips seemed endless, most missed or were thrown poorly but the ones that did hit, stung. Red marks from my back to ankle quickly appeared as the boys sped up their horrible game. It went on and on and I barely noticed as other boys turned up in front of me to watch the naked girl dance for them while the ones behind assaulted me with towels.

The boys cheered and laughed with each hit scoring their accuracy and laughing at how red and warm my bottom was becoming.

While distracted trying to look over my shoulder Craig had found his new target. I let out a ear piercing scream as he caught my left nipple with the towel snapping me in my most vulnerable point. "Right in the tittie" He laughed out loud. "I must get bonus points for such a small target"

My little pink nipples pointy from the exposure were hyper sensitive and the pain took my breath away. To their amusement they all started whipping me from all sides then. I thought the assault would never end but in reality It was probably only five minutes of shame and pain. My nipples only survived the onslaught thanks to some quick movements and embarrassingly the size of the targets. It still hurt like gell though as they snapped my body and legs.

I did the best to protect my little kitty as this seemed to be their new target, especially for Craig. I twisted and crouched as much as I could to block and get away from his towel. I begged and cried and screamed and swore as they continued their assault, it hurt everywhere but still they tried again and again for me sweet spot. My attention now on my front the boys behind me got plenty of stinging shots into by exposed bottom.

Backwards and forwards I thrust, trying to escape stings from the front and behind, the boys laughed and chered as I degraded myself in front of them.

"Look at her go" someone laughed as tears streaked down my face blurring my vision. A stinging blow on my bottom had me screaming "oowoch" to be immediately followed by one to my belly as I rocked forward just in time to meet the whip head on. "Aaaah" I cried rocking my hips backwards presenting my bottom once more as a perfect target.

Eventually they slowed laughing at my misery as I begged them to let me go now. Craig whispered to two of the younger boys who early dropped their towels and approached me. "Fine one last whip though" he chuckled nodding for the boys to grab a leg each.

My eyes flew wide open as they forced my swim wear off my ankles. I was already naked but somehow this felt the next level of exposure, highlighting my nudity even more now. I was bare naked from toes to neck, only the pair of swim goggles to cover me.

The boys didn't stop there however, there was a reason they had removed my swimwear fully. They grabbed me then and pulled my knees apart opening up my private petals for their viewing pleasure for the first time. I tried to close my legs, but I was weak from my misary, and they gripped tight managing to keep me open and exposed for all the boys to see. They were all sporting hardons under their trunks, but this was the last thing on my mind now as I watched in terror as Craig wound up for a last whip. I looked around the room in horror, nearly twenty boys were there now enjoying my full frontal nudity. I had no idea when most of them had arrived. I knew many of them from school, others from the neighborhood. They could all see my most private area open and pink, I closed me eyes just willing this all to stop.

"Now!" he laughed loudly and the boys suddenly poked me behind the knees and before I knew what was happening they lifted me up by a leg each and spread my legs even wider. I had little time to think about this new exposure however as the towel sprang out towards my blooming petals. I screamed before it even hit me and then I screamed even louder in agony as the towel edge met with my delicate flower and sent a wash of pain so strong through me I nearly fainted. The boys held me up for a few more seconds spread and totally humiliated showing both usually hidden places and my tiny punished nipples. I thrashed in their grip recovering from the sting, and I was quickly lowered back onto the bench. I nearly collaposed on my shaky legs, only my tied wrists keeping me up. The boys all cheered and laughed as if my debasement some great achievement.

...

A short while later I staggered out of the boys changing room a towel the only thing covering me as the boys had kept everything else. My so called friends were pointing and laughing and no help at all as I ran home knowing that was the worst day of my life.

Hope... I had very little for the next few years of school.

