Date: Fri, 31 Oct 2003 14:16:18 -0600
From: Josh <btomandback@hotmail.com>
Subject: The Touch

I was going to take a rest from writing, but had this idea that I thought
would be a challenge to write and fun to try. It seemed especially
appropriate for Halloween since it is a little of a sexual horror story,
though I'm willing to bet that few of you guys take it that way.

I cannot imagine that I am the first to come up with this particular idea,
but will still reserve my copyrights to this work. I am delighted to have
Nifty, or anyone else who will not charge for the story, publish it.


THE TOUCH

I am almost certain that it never happened to me when I was little. My
childhood was as innocent as anyone's.

Puberty came over me gently. Daydreams of girls replaced my daydreams of
baseball and football. My cock and balls grew almost unnoticed until I
began to discover how wonderful they felt to fondle and play with. My
imagination warmed with things I imagined sex to be and at night I would
dream of sex and wake to find my bed wet with sticky boy semen.

But I was very shy. I turned thirteen and still had not even held a girl's
hand.

It was just after I turned thirteen that "it" happened for the first time.

Jay's family was over. Jay was my best friend. We kids had been swimming in
our pool while Dad grilled hamburgers. Jay's dad was kibitzing at the
grill. Our mom's were inside working on the rest of supper.

My name is Kurt. The other kids were my little brother Tim, who was eleven,
my little sister Donna who was eight, and Jay's older brother, David, who
was fifteen. Jay and I both were on the thin side with brown hair and blue
eyes.

David was good looking. Jay and I grew up in awe of him. He was already
becoming well muscled and had a broad, cheerful face with deep blue
eyes. His hair was blonder than either Jay's or mine. David was really
popular with girls. In fact, he was only with us because his date that
evening fell through.

Donna was the most blond of us all. She had long hair down her back. Her
hips were showing just the first bit of softness, and were already well
curved.


Our parents called us out of the pool to supper. We dried off and climbed
onto the benches of our picnic table; Tim and Donna on one side and me
between David and Jay on the other. Our parents sat at a separate table.

I partially turned my back to David to talk to Jay. When I did, it put my
bare back against David's bare side.

Slowly, I became conscious that David's bare side felt good against my
back. I was trying to talk to Jay, but more and more I was thinking about
how David felt against me, skin on skin. Without thinking how, I knew that
David liked the feeling, too. I felt him press just a little more firmly
against me. Everyone else was talking. David and I were silent.

And then there was just the slightest flash of the oddest sensation. It was
as though I was David feeling my smaller, hard little body pressed against
his and it felt good. His cock was hard. I just knew it.

Stealing a glance into his lap I could see that indeed, he was hard. His
cock was outlined under his swim suit. By now, I was hard as well.

I could feel David's warm breath down my back. My mind was full of the feel
of his body; and more that that. I kept getting flashes of sensations,
almost as though I was experiencing his feelings as well. It was
intoxicating. We were both breathing hard. His hand slipped onto my leg
under the table. We shuddered in unison. I felt my leg though his hand. Did
he feel his hand through my leg? He squeezed my leg, as though testing the
sensations.

From the parent's table, I barely heard my Mom tell me to quit talking so
much with Jay and eat my supper.

I slid away from David, only an inch or so; just enough to separate our
bodies. Immediately, it was as if I could suddenly breathe again. I tried
to shake it off.

But the moment ended when I felt David slide against me again. His hand
returned to my leg and moved lightly up my thigh. Once again, it was as
though we were both feeling each other's sensations as well as our own. My
head was swimming. What was he doing to me?

Jay got up to go to the pool. Though I had barely eaten, I pushed up and
away from the table; away from David. I pulled along my towel to cover my
erection until I could jump into the pool. The cool water helped my head
clear.

Twilight had come on while we were at supper. Our parents cleared the
tables and moved inside, sending Donna to her bath. We four boys began
wrestling and playing in the pool.

It all seems like a dream now. No one had turned on the pool light. In the
growing dark, I felt drawn to David. Was he drawing me? Jay and Tim were
playing with Tim's GI Joes on the rocks that divided off the hot tub.

David came up behind me and grabbed my waist. It was electric. He pulled my
butt against the hardness of his cock through his suit and we slid backward
in the water away from the others.

We backed against the far wall. David's arms wrapped around my waist and
pulled my body against his, my butt pressed back against his hardness. And
I felt it. I felt my butt through his cock, my back through his chest. But
I also felt him against me.

I leaned back against him and our chests begin to heave in unison. I felt
everything; everything I should feel touching him, but also everything he
felt touching me. How was he doing it? Was he feeling my sensations? Then
his hand slipped into the front of my suit and grabbed my cock. We both
gasped. In that moment, I felt him feeling me feeling him. We connected in
a sexual hotwiring.

David's hand squeezed my cock and I felt the wonder of another boy's cock
in my hand for the first time, only it was my cock and it was David's
hand. I felt his large, hard cock against my butt and was surprised how
exciting it was, and I knew he felt it too. Was this what sex was? Sharing
actual sensations? Actual physical feelings?

My butt felt good on David's cock. His cock felt good on my butt. He pulled
me harder to him and I pressed my butt back.  His lips touched the back of
my neck. I knew he was going to do that; I knew, and still the light touch
was like a lightening strike. We both drew in our breath. And he rubbed his
mouth hard over the back of my neck. We felt his teeth against my skin.

We ground together and his hand stroked my cock. We moved like one, our
bodies anticipating each other. We needed me to lean back. We needed his
legs to feel mine between them. His orgasm was building. I could feel it,
and the feeling began to stir my own orgasm.

I pulled down the back of my suit at the same moment David pulled down the
front of his. We needed to feel skin on skin. He pressed his cock against
my crack. He pulled our bodies together, and David began to cum. I could
feel it and I whimpered myself as all the feelings of his orgasm filled my
consciousness. Then my own balls tightened and my own cum began to shoot
out over the top of my suit. David whimpered and I knew he was experiencing
my orgasm. On the heels of mine, David came again and we both moaned in the
throws of it.

Our cocks were both hard still. David's hand moved down my cock and onto my
balls. I spread my legs and we liked the feel as my butt cheeks tightened
on his cock. Across the pool, our brothers were looking at us quizzically.

Spontaneously, we pushed away from each other. Beneath the water, we each
pulled up our swim suit. My mind was clearing. In the semi darkness, I
could see David looking at me with a mix of befuddlement and, and shock as
he backed away.

I was confused. David was looking at me like I had done something to
him. But he had done it to me. Surely he had. He had done some mind trick
on me.

And I was deeply embarrassed. David had done something to me. I certainly
had no choice in it. Why was he looking at me like I was the guilty one?
Like I had done the mind trick on him?

We avoided each other the rest of the night. We avoided each other for a
couple of weeks.

Then one Wednesday I was walking past their house after school. David came
out and called me over. I knew that he was the only one home because Jay
had piano practice Wednesday after school and his mom took him. I followed
David inside.

He turned to face me when we were inside. "Kurt," he said, casting his eyes
downward. "I've been needing to apologize to you for the other night in
your pool. I don't know what came over me." He looked up at me and said,
"I'm really sorry." When he did, he placed his hand on my shoulder.

As the weight of his hand settled on my shoulder, his hand felt good. No
sooner had that thought come than I felt my shoulder under his hand, and my
shoulder felt good to him. We "connected" instantly, once more. It was just
like the last time. We froze for only a moment.

David pulled me into his arms. I wrapped mine around him. How wonderful it
felt to hold his strong body in my arms. How wonderful it was to hold my
smaller body in his arms. He smelled good, like a young man. I smelled like
a boy. We pulled our bodies hard together. Our cocks grew hard in our
embrace.

Our cheeks brushed. Our lips touched. We kissed. We kissed deeper. Suddenly
we were sinking to the floor. David was on top of me. Our hands worked
between us to undo buttons and belts. We slid the clothes off each other's
bodies. I enjoyed the feel of his pants sliding down his legs. We liked the
feel of our hard cocks between our bodies. He liked the feel of my smaller
body and soft skin.

I spread my legs to the sides and he settled between them. We kissed again
and tensed as a shudder ran through both our bodies.

"How are you doing that?" he asked.

"Doing what?" I gasped.

"I'm feeling what you are feeling. How are you doing that?" He kissed my
neck and we both sighed deeply.

Puzzled, I protested, "But I'm feeling what you feel. I thought you were
doing something...I don't know...I guess I wondered if that is what is
supposed to happen with sex...you know, where you feel what each other
feels." Man was I confused. And it was hard to think with sensations
flooding over us from both our bodies.

"Not like this," he breathed hard. "I've had sex. But not like this." He
ground his cock against me and we both felt the pleasure of it.

"Sex? With boys?" I asked.

"Hell no. I'm straight...I think I'm straight. But I...oh, how are you
doing that? I'm feeling my balls lying on yours; hell man, I'm feeling my
balls--I'm feeling my own balls with your balls...how..." he ground his
cock against me and our balls slid on each other.

"Maybe it just happens when guys do stuff," I panted.

"I don't think so," David said doubtfully. "Everybody would be gay. No, I
think it's you, man." David grabbed my butt in his hands and pulled our
crotches harder together.

"I'm sorry," I said, wrapping my arms over his strong back. We both liked
how my arms felt over him.

"Don't be sorry, Kurt," he said, nuzzling my neck. We both sighed. "It's
wild, man. It's really wild," he said. Then we kissed.

Of all the places our bodies touched and all the things we were feeling at
the same time, it was at our mouths that all the incredible sensations
seemed to be the loudest, wildest, and most overwhelming. As we kissed, the
pleasures ran across and down inside both of us.

All the skin feeling skin, the hard cocks pressing, the pressed bodies, the
soft skin under feeling hands, all those overwhelming sensations built on
each other and rode higher and higher on the incredible pleasure coming
from our mouths pressed together. We pressed together outside and our very
spirits glued together inside deep down to the gut. We ground and moaned
and panted.

David came, spilling his cum out between our bellies, we both moaned at the
sheer joy of it. And then I came and we groaned louder. David came again
and we ground deeper, moans becoming almost painful whimpers. I came again
as whimpers became cries. Our orgasms were spawning each other, echoing
back and forth in ever rising waves.

Now we were crying out loudly, every nerve overloading; a billion flashes
of pleasure combining into a storm tearing like a cyclone through our minds
and down through our guts to our balls.

I passed out.

So did David. He was still passed out as I began to come to. There was a
quiet, almost tranquil pleasure having him in my arms and between my
legs. The weight of him on me was comfortable and soothing after what we
had just done. As David began to awaken, I was afraid the storm of mutual
stimulation would rise again. Instead, my own comfort seemed to flow into
him. My first sensations from his returning consciousness were of the
simple pleasure of having me in his arms.

But now I realized that comfort itself could lock us together, as it began
to build between us. I pushed David off. He tried to cling for a moment,
but I worked away. "We need to get dressed. Your Mom and Jay will be home
soon."

David nodded, and began to get up. He left the room and returned with a
towel for each of us. As he started to get dressed, he said, "I'm going to
want to do that again."

"Yeah. Me too."

"I'd give you a hug or a kiss, but I'm afraid what that would start," he
said, and then gave me a lopsided grin.

I was afraid too. I had sensed his hungers. I knew what he hungered to do
next. And I was afraid of my own desires, grown powerful in union with
his. I may have wanted to have sex with David again, but I avoided him for
the next couple of weeks.

And then one Saturday morning, I was lying on the couch watching TV. I did
not usually get the couch. Normally, everybody else has the furniture and
I'm on the floor. But Tim was at a buddy's and Mom and Dad were out
shopping. Donna came into the room, saw what was on TV and decided to take
the other end of the couch.

She lay back against the arm and draped her legs over mine. When she did,
it pushed the bottom of our butts together. I was engrossed in the show.

Slowly, I became aware of the feel of our bottoms pressed together. We were
both in shorts and the skin of her warm, bare legs on mine stirred me. She
wiggled further down onto the couch. When she did the bottom of her little
pussy pushed through our clothes against the back of my balls where, loose
in my boxers, they pressed back between my legs. The connection and my
erection were instant.

Suddenly, I distinctly felt the sensations she was feeling as her pussy
pressed against me. There was an itch, a sexual itch to rub her little
cunny against me. She did and gasped as the back of my balls responded in
pleasure.

I jumped up from the couch and walked from the room. As I looked back,
Donna looked was looking dazed and her hand was sliding between her legs.

That started me wondering. I had a crush on Bethy since we were little, but
I had never, ever asked her out. After all, after Jay, Bethy was my best
friend.

But what would it be like to kiss Bethy? Would she let me? Would
we..."connect?"

Well it was Saturday. Bethy might be home. My sudden horniness from the
brush with Donna gave me a boldness I would have never had. I called Bethy
and asked her to a movie that afternoon. To my immense relief, she sounded
happy I asked. She even volunteered her mother to drive us and pick us
up. For both of us, it would be sort of a first "date." Bethy said her mom
thought it was "cute."

I rode my bike over to Bethy's a little early. For the first time since I
knew her, Bethy acted a little shy. She was dressed in short shorts and a
top that left her middle bare. Her tummy was flat and her waist very
narrow. Her long, brown hair was pulled back and draped lightly over her
shoulders. She looked beautiful.

Bethy's mom, who was a beautiful older version of Bethy, hovered over us
like a hen over chicks. Bethy was embarrassed.

At the car, I opened the driver's side back door for Bethy. That impressed
Bethy's mom. Then I walked over to the other side and climbed in. I could
see Bethy's mom smiling at us in the rear-view mirror as we sat shyly on
opposite sides of the seat.

At the cinema complex, Bethy waited and I opened the door for her. We
thanked her mom, who told us when she would be back. I bought our tickets
and we walked in. At the door to our movie, I took Bethy's hand as we
stepped into the dull lighting of the theater. It was as if a low
electricity traveled up our arms. I felt her hand in mine, and then I felt
my hand in hers. Then I felt a little twitch inside her pussy. We had
connected, and my cock stirred.

In a preoccupied stupor, we climbed the stairs of the almost empty theater
to the top row and moved in. I never let go of her hand.

We just sat there, silently holding hands as we waited for the movie to
start. But we were not silent on the inside. My cock had extended down my
leg. Bethy was damp between her legs and her pussy felt all hot and, and
hungry.

As the lights dimmed and the trailers began to run, I raised the armrest
between us and moved our hands so that they rested on Bethy's bare leg. We
both tensed as the back of my hand came to rest on her cool skin.

She left my hand on her leg and moved her hand to my leg. We gasped
together as her hand settled lightly on the inside of my bare thigh. My
skin felt smooth to her hand, and the muscles pleased her. Both our hands
began to move lightly up our legs. We were breathing harder. I leaned over
and kissed Bethy and held the kiss. She leaned back in her seat and moved
her bottom forward. Then she spread her legs.

When she opened her legs, the dampness between them felt cool. We wanted my
hand to touch her there. I did, lightly. Then more firmly as we knew where
to apply a little rubbing pressure. And I learned about a clit. Oh, did I
learn about a clit. The pleasure rolled over us.

When Bethy grabbed my leg in reaction, her hand closed around my cock. With
both let out loud moans that were mercifully drowned out by the movie. We
rubbed each other. We wanted our pants down.

Bethy undid the button of my shorts and tugged at my zipper. I undid hers,
and slid down her shorts and panties as she lifted her butt off her
seat. They fell to the floor around her ankles. She had my zipper half-way
down and began tugging at my shorts. We slid them and my boxers off to the
floor.

We sat naked in our seats. My cock pointed skyward and her hand wrapped
around it. I moved my hand lightly over her cunny, rubbing her clit with
the lips of her own pussy. The feelings were incredible. I ran my other
hand down behind her and under her butt so that she was sitting on the palm
of it. My middle finger came up into the entrance of her hole.

So with one hand, I was rubbing the lips of her pussy over her clit and
with my other hand I probed her hole with my middle finger. I knew what to
do. I knew what she liked to do to herself. I knew what would feel good for
us.

And she responded to what felt good to me. Within moments, her hands were
expertly stroking and teasing my cock. And we wanted my cock in her wet,
very wet, hole.

Bethy scooted over so that she was poised over my lap, my hands on her
waist. She held my cock at the entrance to her hole. We felt my crown press
deliciously against it. "Bethy," I gasped. And she lowered herself. We
needed it so bad.

But then we hit the hymen. I knew about hymens. Now I knew about them from
the inside out. She lowered more of her weight. It hurt. She pulled up and
then sat down harder. It hurt like hell. She pulled up. Her will was
wavering. The pain was taking steam out of both of us. She sat down hard
one more time and I pulled her down harder with my hands at her waist.

There was searing pain, but we were through. She sank all the way down into
my lap. Her pussy enveloped my cock in luxurious, wet, warmth. My cock felt
so large to us inside Bethy. We felt so full. The pain began to fade away,
and we wanted to move.

Bethy began to move up and down on me and I moved up and down into her. We
pushed together and ground and then pulled apart, and then together. One of
my hands moved around to her clit. My other shoved up her shirt and bra. We
wanted to feel my skin too. I pulled the front of my shirt back over my
head so that my shirt stretched over my back, between my arms and my chest
was bare. She lay back against me as I leaned forward. Our naked skin
touched and the pleasure echoed deep in us.

I kissed the back of her neck and we liked it. I said, "Bethy" and her body
thrilled to my voice. "Oh, Bethy."

She was really bouncing on me now. Anyone turning in their seats would have
to know what was happening. Not that they were likely to turn around, but I
looked to the seats beside us. I raised the next arm rest down and lowered
Bethy to her back as she rotated on my cock.

We got her leg over me, and I was between her legs now. Our arms went
around each other and our lips met. We pressed together from where my cock
was buried in her up to where our tongues danced between our open mouths.

A light film of sweat made the skin of our bare bellies peel apart over and
over as we heaved with our breathing and our thrusting.

Her bra was up above her breasts and my chest felt good against them. I
moved a hand to one and caressed it. We groaned into our kiss. The
sensations from my cock and her cunny vied in intensity, climbing and
climbing.

Our mouths silenced each others cries and whimpers. It wasn't necessary.
The movie was loud.

Our minds were no longer working, just feeling. Feeling together, feeling
both our bodies in hot, fucking love. Suddenly across my mind came the
memory of being in David's arms and the similar pleasure. I saw Bethy's
eyes widen in the semi darkness.

And then our own pleasure washed over us again. Bethy was writhing under me
and I was writhing as we pumped together. We were almost mindless now as
her sensations built and build and her orgasm came crashing over us. My own
orgasm sprang up from deep inside in response and we cried out together as
the two orgasms carried us way beyond that theater. It was just Bethy and
me and our orgasms. We climaxed forever.

Bethy kept cuming and cuming again. I lost count of my own climaxes
punctuating hers at ever higher elevations. Her legs and arms were around
me. My hands were caressing her breasts, our lips were together. And we
made every move perfectly, knowing by feel what would pleasure us.

We rode an endless orgasm until we were lost from thought itself. And then,
suddenly the last waves washed over us and we were just holding each other,
me buried in her. The feeling was pleasure; pleasure and deep satisfaction.

We had no idea what was going on in the movie, but you can tell when a
movie is almost over. I retrieved my boxers from the floor and wiped the
blood and cum from us as I pulled out. We continued to kiss as I cleaned
us. I threw the boxers down the row of seats and wrapped Bethy in my
arms. We pressed together one last, lingering moment. And felt our own
bodies in the arms of the other.

The movie was ending and we reluctantly sat up. While one arm still rested
on Bethy, I retrieved her clothes with the other and handed them to her. As
she dressed, I grabbed my shorts off the floor and pulled them back on. We
were not touching now. Reality returned.

We walked out of the theater saying nothing, and carefully not touching.

Bethy's mom asked about the movie. We answered carelessly. Neither of us
knew or cared. We both were lost in our thoughts.

At their house, I claimed that I needed to get home. Before leaving, I bent
to give Bethy a kiss. She turned her face away, but my lips brushed her
cheek. In that moment, all my affection passed between us and I felt her
tension relax, just a little.

She avoided me the next week. I tried to talk to her, but she kept herself
surrounded by friends.

I could not blame her. I was dodging David. Oh, not at school. He was in
high school. But I avoided their house. As a consequence, I avoided Jay. My
life was becoming lonely.

And yet, around the house, I was constantly stalked by my little sister.
When I walked in that next Wednesday night to watch TV, Donna was alone in
the den, lying on the couch. When she saw me, she spread her legs,
lewdly. I groaned and left the room. I was being haunted in my own house by
my own sister.

I began sitting out by the pool in the evenings.

I avoided touching people, at all. I would not even pet the dog.

Tuesday in algebra, Mr. Thompson put his hand on my shoulder when he
stopped at my desk to help with a problem. The moment he touched me, I knew
that he liked my body. He pulled his hand off as if he had been shocked,
and he backed away from my desk quickly. Poor guy.

At nights I dreamt of David and Bethany and woke every morning to a wet
bed. I did not sleep well.

David tried calling. I talked to him some. My parents were curious as to
why David was calling me instead of Jay. I said we were planning a surprise
for Jay.

I guess Jay missed me like I was missing him. He called to see if I wanted
to do a sleep over. But I was not home and Tim took the call. Tim talked
Jay into coming to our house instead. They planned a campout for the three
of us in our back yard by the pool.

It was a fait accompli. Tim told me about it when I got home Thursday
night.

In a way, it was a relief. It would give me a chance to forget about David
and Bethy. I could even avoid Donna.

Friday night the pool was warm enough to swim. We horsed around, and I did
my best not to touch either Tim or Jay, which is hard when guys are trying
to wrestle you in a pool. I was glad that in the roughness of our play, our
bodies brushed together benignly.

That night, when we set up the tent, Tim and Jay beat me into the tent and
took the sides. I would have to sleep in the middle. At least we had
sleeping bags. I would just make myself into a mummy.

We bedded down late. I was hopeful we would sleep hard. But in the night, I
woke up hot. Both Tim and Jay were still in their sleeping bags, so I
chanced it; I unzipped my bag and carefully crawled on top.

When I woke a couple of hours later, it was still dark. Both Tim and Jay
were lying partly on me. Suddenly, unbidden memories of David and Bethy
flashed through my mind. The three of us moaned in unison.


As usual, emails are appreciated at btomandback@hotmail.com.

