The Pool Party: Thanking the Hosts
by SLC-Ohio ©

It was a warm summer when I turned nineteen. I'd just finished my first 
year at OSU, and I was still living at home with my parents. I was hanging 
with my old high school girlfriend Roxanne, we were best friends. We'd 
doubled many times, and had a lot of fun together. Roxy told me about a 
pool party that some of the "cool" Grove City crowd were having. Some 
hottie's parents were out of town and she and her jock boyfriend were 
inviting everyone over. Roxy sort of had an invite, so we decided to go. 
Now Roxy fucked, I'd watched her fuck a guy at the lake behind the Dairy 
Queen, but she never sucked. Myself, I sucked, but I could still count the 
guys I'd fucked on one hand. What a team we were.

When we arrived at the pool party, well, it was clear that someone's 
parents were not at home. There were about fifty of us there, as many 
girls as guys. As we entered the party, we said hello to Suzanne, the 
host. Suzanne, also nineteen, was full of herself. She was brunette with 
waist length hair, she had a flawless face, and equally perfect boobs and 
butt. And her parents had enough money for a big house and a huge in 
ground pool. But she was a bitch, and she really hadn't invited me. We 
weren't friends. I was unsure of myself. What if she asks me to leave, and 
says I wasn't invited? But she was cool, although haughty, with Roxy and 
me.

Suzanne had on a very brief white bikini, which was a little wet and more 
than a little transparent. She was showing off and flaunting herself, 
combing her long wet hair. Her boyfriend Ron was at her side, smiling back 
at us. Can't blame her for showing off, she was the beautiful hostess, and 
I enjoyed the show. I couldn't help but stare at her tits and nipples, and 
she caught me doing a backward glance at her ass. I knew she didn't like 
me, and it was like she was challenging me. She probably thought that I 
was looking back at her boyfriend. It was her turf and she was in control 
of it.

Roxy and I walked back to the pool area. The pool was on a hill side and 
not really visible by neighbors. Everyone was drinking beer, smoking pot, 
and being noisy. Loud rock and roll played on a boom box. I peeled my cut 
offs and tee shirt down to my brief yellow bikini. Roxy did the same, and 
her bikini was smaller that mine. She looked great. She and I stretched 
out on lounge chairs and pretended to work on our tans. Then Roxy undid 
her top. That was no big deal, many of the other girls had their tops 
undone while they lay on their stomachs catching sun. 

Suddenly a guy came round and asked if we wanted beers. Roxy said "sure." 
As she turned to grab a long neck Rolling Rock her top fell loose. Loose? 
Her top fell off. I watched a she lay topless, lying sideways on her hip, 
sipping the beer, not caring that everyone could see her. I'd seen her 
tits before, she was tall and thin with nice B cup size, but this was the 
first time I'd seen any friend of mine showing herself, openly, in public. 
It was exciting. So many of the guys and girls noticed Roxy, right away, 
they were all staring at her bare boobs.

By that time the pool was crowded, and folks were frolicking in the water. 
Roxy was now on her back, boldly showing her tits off. I said to myself 
"what the hell, if she can do it I can do it." I stood up and took my top 
off, looking around to see if people were watching me. And they were. As I 
saw how many people were staring, I put my hands over my head so as to 
pretend to fix my hair. Then I turned round and round so they could all 
see me. As they watched, I took my bikini bottom off too. I was now nude 
in front of fifty people and they were all staring at my body. A nervous 
though wonderful feeling of warmth came over me.

Leaving my suit on the lounge, I dove into the pool. It was no surprise 
what happened next. Guys passed me around and took turns groping me, they 
felt my tits and my ass. One guy had his cock out and dunked me under the 
water but I fought taking him in my mouth. By this time other girls were 
topless, but I was the only girl nude. I didn't mind the boys fingering me 
or feeling me, I particularly enjoyed it if they felt me while the other 
girls watched.

Enough of that I thought and I climbed the pool steps out of the water. I 
had the attention of the entire group as the sun glistened the pool water 
on my body. Roxy was still on her lounge, topless, sitting and watching 
me. I stood over her and picked up my beer, and while standing nude I 
pulled on the long neck while the group watched me.

The beer had its effect on all of us. The crowd had become a little 
wilder. Several of the other girls were topless and some of the couples 
were making out. Then I spotted Suzanne and her boyfriend Ron standing on 
the other side of the pool. Suzanne now had her top off too, but not her 
bottom, and Ron still had his trunks on. Her boobs were showing for all to 
see. Ron had his right hand around her waist and he was rubbing her boobs 
with his left hand.

I made no attempt to cover myself. Then I slowly walked around the pool so 
that everyone who wanted to see me could see me, my front and my back, 
completely naked. The guys who felt me and finger fucked me in the pool, 
now they were seeing me parade for them nude. And the gals, it was their 
turn to envy.

Then I approached Suzanne and Ron. When I was close, I knelt down at the 
pool's edge, catcher's style, and I pretended to pull a leaf from the 
water. I spread my legs open for them. Then I stood back up and walked up 
to them.

"Are you having a good time?" Suzanne said to me.

"Yeah, it's great," I replied.

I spread my legs a foot or so, and I arched my back with my hands on my 
hips. I wanted Ron and Suzanne to get an eyeful of my tits and pussy. I 
turned sideways so that they could check out my ass. Suzanne's boobs were 
bare and perfect, the equivalent of mine. I admit that I was trying to 
upstage her. I made sure that Ron saw all of me, and I tried to focus on 
his cock, and on Suzanne's crotch. 

"I want to thank you for inviting me," I said. Then I paused and looked 
away so that they could enjoy seeing me nude in front of them, paying 
homage for being there.

"Well, you've certainly been ok" Suzanne said, "that's thanks enough."

There was an empty lounge chair next to them, so I laid back on it. I 
spread my legs wide open so that Ron and Suzanne, and anyone else who 
walked by, had a good look at my puss. I stayed that way as the sun began 
to set, and as the guests said their good-byes to Suzanne. Everyone at the 
party saw my nude pussy with my legs spread for their inspection.

As the skies darkened, Roxy brought my bikini over to me. She was still 
topless. Roxy asked me to go in the house with her, the beer made her need 
to pee. And I said "Ok." It was getting cooler and I wrapped a huge beach 
towel around myself. We went all through the house and ended up in the 
bathroom which was next to a master bedroom. After we'd peed, we heard 
some murmuring from the bedroom outside. By this time most of the guests 
had gone home. Roxy opened the door which led to the bedroom, where the 
lights were on. There, on her parents' bed, was Suzanne. She was nude. She 
was on all fours being fucked doggy style by her boyfriend Ron. They 
didn't notice us watching them. Ron was slamming her from behind and his 
dick looked good going in and out of her. After a few minutes we quietly 
shut the door.

Next Roxy and I found an open bottle of Chardonnay in the kitchen, and we 
sat, sipping the wine and chatting for awhile. After about ten minutes we 
heard activity in the bathroom. The bathroom door was still open. I looked 
in and saw Ron urinating, he was nude and he looked good. 

"Are you ok Ron," I asked, as he washed his hands over the bathroom sink.

"Sure," Ron said. He splashed water on his face as we talked, as I stared 
directly at his penis. Half hard and red, he looked really nice.

"Suzanne's a little whipped, but I'm ok. How about you?"

"Oh we're fine," Roxy chimed in. "Let's check on Suzanne."

We three walked in the bedroom and Susanne was passed out. Her face was 
buried in a pillow, but her legs were spread wide open. There actually was 
semen seeping out of her, and her vagina was swollen and bright red.

"Looks like she's had a hard workout," I said.

"And I have too," said Ron. "That's the third time I've fucked her today. 
The sun and the party, the beer, the pot, they've had an effect on us."

All the time I kept staring at Ron's cock, hoping to somehow think it into 
growing again. Then I let my towel fall off. I stood nude again, in 
between Ron and Suzanne, so that Ron could get a good look at me. As Ron 
checked my body out, we collectively realized that Roxy was the only one, 
of the four of us, not nude. Ron and I cast a stare at her.

"Pardon me," Roxy said, "I don't want to spoil the party." Then Roxy 
slipped her bikini bottom off. "Is that better?" she said.

"What do you think, Ron? Do you like Roxy's body?" I said. "Spread your 
legs Roxy and show Ron your pussy. He's seen mine and Suzanne's all day."

Roxy did spread her legs, and she turned and twisted, posing for us in the 
bedroom. Ron must have thought he had died and gone to heaven.

"Girls, I don't know..." Ron said.

I knelt in front of Ron and took his soft penis in my mouth. As I started 
to suck his cock, Roxy moved over to us. When I looked up, Ron and Roxy 
were in a deep tongue kiss, and he was fingering her pussy. I was on my 
knees, and Roxy was standing. Ron's fingers were going in and out of her 
puss just inches from my face.

"Ron" I said as I held his now hard cock in my hand, "I wanted to thank 
you for inviting us over. And I want to thank Suzanne too."

"And so do I" Roxy said.

"Wake Suzanne up" Ron said. Roxy did as he asked, shaking Suzanne, who 
cast a drowsy stare at her boyfriend's dick in my mouth.

"What is going on?" she screamed.

"Relax," Ron said. "This is great."

At that time Ron had his choice of doing anyone of us anyway he wanted. 
Suzanne had rolled over. Ron told her to spread her legs, which she did

"Sheryl," Ron said to me, "You want to thank Susanne, Don't you?"

"Yes," I replied. 

"Get up off of you knees and get in bed with Suzanne."

So I got up and climbed onto the bed.

"Now eat my come out of Suzanne's puss. Clean her up, and do a good job."

I lowered my head to taste Suzanne's shaved puss, and it was delightful. 
From all the fucking she received, she was tender and swollen, and I 
gently sucked Ron's semen from her. After a few minutes, I picked my face 
up. Ron and Roxy were going at it. He was on his back, and Roxy was on 
top, riding his hard cock. I watched as his dick slid in and out of Roxy's 
pussy, inches from my face. Suzanne was enjoying the show.

"Sheryl," Suzanne said to me, "do you still want to thank me? Then lick 
Ron's balls while Roxy fucks him."

I did as I was told, swinging my body across the bed After five minutes, 
Ron's balls tightened, and then he sent his semen into Roxi.

"That's a pretty good thank you" Suzanne said.

"You're welcome." 

 
