Title: Mutual Attraction - Part 3
Author: taverner
Rating: 97.3%
Themes: Fiction, Consensual Sex, Incest, Oral Sex, Teen Male/Teen Female

Summary:
Morning came again, and for the second time, I woke up next to my sister, Louise, except this time we were in her bed and not mine. I looked at her, asleep beside me in her bed, as her chest rose and fell in her sleep, and then after a few moments, she also woke up.

We talked for a few minutes, and then she casually reached down, felt my morning erection, and she rolled over on top of me. However, the moment she pressed her soft mouth onto mine, the phone rang, and she jumped out of bed to answ

============================================================

Morning came again, and for the second time, I woke up next to my sister, Louise, except this time we were in her bed and not mine. I looked at her, asleep beside me in her bed, as her chest rose and fell in her sleep, and then after a few moments, she also woke up.

We talked for a few minutes, and then she casually reached down, felt my morning erection, and she rolled over on top of me. However, the moment she pressed her soft mouth onto mine, the phone rang, and she jumped out of bed to answer it in the family room. It was Mrs Cairncross, her boss’s wife, saying that one of the other girls had called in sick, and asking if Louise could come in on her scheduled day off. That meant that our day of mutual exploration, that Louise had proposed the previous night, had to be postponed, but Mrs Cairncross did say that if things were not too busy, she would let Louise finish early.

So, Louise and I had breakfast as normal, and she headed out the door for work, just like any other day. That left me at home on my own, so I tidied up, and went to visit a couple of friends for most of the day.

I had soccer training in the afternoon, and after training, I got a lift home with one of the guys in my team. When he dropped me off outside my house, I saw that Louise’s car was already in the driveway, so Mrs Cairncross must have kept her promise. I was glowing from the physical workout I had just had, but very sweaty, when I walked in the back door, and I found Louise making coffee in the kitchen. She was wearing a short, sleeveless, cream coloured dress, with a pale pink pattern on it, and her hair was tied back in a ponytail, the way she wore it sometimes. The short skirt showed off her shapely legs and curvy figure, and it was cut just low enough in the front to show a little cleavage, but not too much, and with her hair tied back like that, she looked like a combination of sweet and sexy meets girl next door. We greeted each other in the kitchen and she said, “You look like you need a shower.” I agreed with her and headed straight for the bathroom, where I wasted no time in stripping off, and jumping under the hot water.

After I had finished, and put on some fresh clothes, I went to the family room, where I found Louise sitting on the couch, watching the afternoon soap operas. “I don’t know how you watch this stuff” I said, sitting down next to her on her left, and she said, “I don’t know, either. They just suck you in sometimes.”

She hit the mute button on the remote, shutting down the sound on the TV, and leaned a little closer to me. “You smell nice,” she said, “straight from the shower.”

I turned to her and sniffed, and said, “You smell nice too.”

It was true; she did smell nice, like a mixture of her deodorant, sweet hair shampoo, and her own personal scent. “So,” Louise said, turning to face me, “you got any plans for the rest of the afternoon?”

“No,” I said, “nothing in particular.”

She turned around on the couch, and swung her legs up and onto my lap, and leant back against the right arm of the couch to face me. “Well,“ she said with a smile, “we’ve got the whole house to ourselves, and all the time in the world. I wonder what sort of

we can get up to.“

I could see where this was leading, so I answered, “I’m sure we’ll think of something, if we put our heads together.”

Louise’s short dress had ridden up when she put her legs across my lap, and I could see she had a pair of white cotton panties on underneath. “Are you looking up my skirt?” she asked.

A week ago, I would have denied it, but a lot had happened in the past two days. “Yes, I was,” I said, looking her straight in the eyes.

“And what’s so interesting up there?” she asked, playfully.

“I was looking at your pants,” I said.

”My knickers,” she replied, speaking like a person interrogating a child over some act of naughtiness, and being unsatisfied with the answers, “And what’s so interesting about my underwear?”

“Dunno,” I answered, “I was just looking.”

“Is it my knickers,” she asked, “or what’s inside them?” still with that playful tone.

“Well, to tell you the truth,” I answered, “it’s more a matter of what’s inside them.”

“And what’s inside them that’s so interesting?’ she asked, making eye contact, but still maintaining that playful tone.

I decided on the spur of the moment to use the word with maximum impact, and I said to her, “Your cunt.”

Louise’s eyes widened a little, and she looked genuinely surprised. “Wayne McAllister, how dare you talk about my private parts like that?” she asked, still playful, but with a sterner tone in her voice, “You’ve hurt my feelings now. You’ll have to kiss me better.”

“No problem there,” I said, leaning forward to kiss her on the mouth, but she pulled back and said, “Not on my mouth. You’ve got to kiss the part of me you insulted.”

She had a playful, challenging smile on her face.

“That’s just as easy,” I said, lifting her legs and swinging down between them. I pushed her skirt up a little higher, and I saw that her white cotton briefs had a yellow smiley face printed on the front. I put my face down near her pussy, and I breathed in gently, taking in the sexy scent through her panties. Then I gently kissed her on her panties, just about where I knew her clit would be, underneath the material. I held my face there for a moment, enjoying the scent. Then I looked up at her from between her legs.

“Not bad,” she said, “but you’re not kissing me, you’re really kissing my knickers, aren’t you?”

“I’ll soon fix that,” I said, eagerly, and I put my fingers into the waistband of her pants, and she lifted her bottom off the couch to let me pull them down. I slid them down her long legs, and took them off her, dropping them on the floor. I looked up at her face, and she was simply watching me, without speaking. I put my face back between her legs again, and I gently kissed her on her clit, this time without any cotton between my lips and her skin. I inhaled again, and then I turned and gently kissed her on the smooth, soft skin of her left inner thigh, feeling her pubic hair on my left cheek. I turned back to her pussy, and I gently moved her left leg a little wider to give myself better access to her, and I kissed her just underneath her clit. I held the kiss for a moment, and then I slipped my tongue in a little between her inner lips, tasting her, and feeling the excitement mounting inside me. Louise was already starting to get a little wet.

I turned my head a little, and I used the left side of my tongue to gently tease her clit, and I heard her take a deep breath. Looking up, I saw her with her eyes half closed, and then she gathered herself together, and said, “Wayne, I think I’ve been a little greedy.”

I had no idea what she meant. I took my mouth away from her pussy, and I said, “What are you talking about?”

“I love it when you go down on me, and you seem to get better at it each time you do it,” she said, “but I think I should have returned the favour by now.”

“You don’t have to do that,” I answered.

“But I’d love to, Wayne,” she said, “Girls like going down on guys as much as guys like to do it.” Then she paused, and continued, with a smile, “Well, most of them anyway.”

Naturally, I had never had my dick in a girl’s mouth, but I was pretty happy with what I was doing, so I said, “If you want to.”

“Of course I want to,” she said, “Would you like to try it now?”

I looked at her pussy, and with a smile, she said, “Trust me, you can finish what you started, after I finish with

I got out from between her legs, and she said, “Hop back up on the couch.”

I sat back on the couch again, and Louise moved down and knelt on the floor between my legs. She unclipped the stud on my jeans, and then undid my fly, and I lifted my bottom to let her slide my jeans and underpants down, to expose my cock, which was standing up, rock hard. She smiled when she saw it, and put her right hand around it, gently rubbing the little bubble of precum with her thumb.

She looked me in the eyes, from down near my hard cock, and said, “Are you ready?”

“What about……..” I said, without finishing. I wasn’t sure how to ask.

“You mean, is it okay to come in my mouth, don’t you?’ she asked, with a smile.

“Ahhh, yeah,” I said, “ I wasn’t sure….…”

“Look,” she said, a little more serious, “Some girls don’t like it, but I do.” Then she smiled again, and said, “Just give me a little warning when you’re about to do it, though, because I can’t do the deep throat, and I

think you want me choking on a blob of your come. How would you explain

to Dad when he gets home?”

We both chuckled at that, and then she put her head nearer to my hard cock, saying, “Just let me try it for a minute, and see what you think.”

I felt her warm breath on my cock, and then she opened her mouth, and put her tongue on the tip, and licked off a little of my precum. She looked me in the eye, and swallowed it, and then she started to lick the head of my cock, like an ice cream cone. The feeling was incredible, and I couldn’t help moving my pelvis, so Louise put both hands on my belly to keep me in place. She took her mouth away from my cock, and said, “I can see how sensitive you are, but I’ll be gentle. I think you’ll like this.”

She took the head of my cock into her mouth, and began to gently move her lips and mouth up and down, on just the head only. Like most guys, the head of my cock was very sensitive, and it was all I could do to stop myself lifting my pelvis off the couch. Louise’s pretty mouth was moving up and down on the head of my cock, with her saliva dripping down the sides. At the same time, her tongue was working on the very sensitive part just under the head, and she gradually began to take a little more of my cock in her mouth, just a little more with each bob of her head. After a moment or two, I could feel the head of my cock touching the roof of her mouth, as her soft lips worked their magic along the shaft. There were little slurping sounds, as her saliva ran down the sides, providing the lube for her mouth, as she worked it up and down my hard cock.

I took a long, deep breath, barely knowing I was doing it, and after a little more of this mouth and tongue action, Louise took her mouth away from my cock. “How do you like it so far?” she asked.

I let out a long sigh, as my body relaxed from the tension Louis had built up in it with her mouth, and I said, “It’s fantastic,” without exaggeration.

“Do you think you’ll come if I keep on doing it?” she asked.

“I think so. It’s different from, um,” I paused, looking for the best word, “… sex.”

“Want me to keep going?” she asked, smiling at my awkwardness.

I nodded. “Yeah, yeah,” I said. My voice was still a little shaky. Then, I was surprised to see her stand up, and she knelt her left knee on the couch and lifted her skirt a little. She said, “Touch my pussy. See how wet I am, from your cock in my mouth.”

I reached between her legs with my right hand, and I felt her pussy. It was drenched with her juices. “You realise,” she said, “you’ll have to help me out with that after I finish, don’t you?”

“I’ll be glad to help you with that,” I said. My voice was just about under control now. I put my fingers in my mouth, and sucked Louise’s juices off them. She bent down and cupped my chin in her hand, kissing me, long, deep and sexy, on the mouth, with a little tongue thrown in for good measure.   “I can taste myself on your lips,” she said, with her face still close to mine.

Louise knelt back down between my legs, and put her warm mouth around the head of my cock again. Then, she seemed to think of something she wanted to tell me, so she took it away, and said,   “I hate to use the D-word here, but Derek used to say that it was better if he imagined his dick was in my pussy when I went down on him.”

“Don’t you think it’s exciting enough, having my dick in my sister’s mouth?" I asked.

Louise giggled a little, and said, “Stop making me laugh. I can’t get my lips around it.”   After a moment, she put her mouth back over the head of my cock, and began to work her way back down again, taking her time, and using her tongue to work on the underside of my cock as her lips moved up and down on the shaft. I knew I wasn’t going to last much longer, and it wasn’t any use trying to hold on. Louise’s mouth was just too good for me.

I felt the orgasm starting, and by now Louise had most of my cock inside her mouth. “I’m not far off,” I said, to warn her, as he had asked me to do, but she kept that sweet rhythm and movement going. Once again, I could feel the roof of her mouth on my cock, and every now and again, Louise would change the angle of her head as she moved her mouth up and down, or she would lift her lips right to the head, and give me a few quick, short strokes, just taking the head inside. Then, she would slide her mouth right down the shaft again. “Lou,” I said, with an urgency in my voice that even I didn’t expect, “I’m gonna come. I can’t hold it!”

Louise kept up her up and down movement on my cock, and the orgasm started at the base of my cock, with a wave of pure pleasure going right through me, as I spurted in her mouth. She tried to catch it all, but then there was a second spurt, accompanied by a similar wave of pleasure, and some of my come ran out of her mouth, down my cock and into my pubic hair. I spurted again, and she tried to swallow, but there was just too much come in her mouth, and it oozed out from her lips, as I gave one or two more last spurts into her mouth. She kept up that motion with her head the whole time, still pleasuring my cock even as it spurted my seed into her soft, warm mouth. Then, as the orgasm subsided, she was able to swallow the last couple of spurts.

After I had finished, she used her mouth to clean most of the come and saliva off my cock, and then swallowed, giving me a proud look as she took her mouth off it. There was a little dribble of come on her chin, but she picked up her white knickers from the floor and wiped it, saying, “I don’t think I’ll need those for the rest of the afternoon,” as she put them aside. Then, she looked at me.

“You like?” she asked, although it was obvious she knew the answer.

“That was unbelievable,” I said, still a little breathless.

“I thought you’d like it,” Louise said, with a smile, still kneeling between my legs. She got up and put her hands on my shoulders, gently pushing me back on the couch, and then kissed me softly on the mouth, a long, slow and sensual kiss. Her mouth felt warmer than usual, and tasted a little salty. She drew back slightly from the kiss, and said, “Guess what, now I’m

horny. A dick in my mouth does it every time. Feel my pussy.”

I reached between her legs again, and felt her dripping pussy with the fingers of my right hand. “I’ll have to help you with that,” I said, “It’s only good manners.”

She smiled again, and kissed me on the mouth once more, then knelt back down, with her face level with my cock. It was still half hard, even after coming in her mouth, and she looked at it, and said, “Hmmm, I could probably just get by with this,” and she paused and continued, “but I think this may be a job for that magic mouth of yours. Are you up for that?”

“I like the way you think,” I answered, and I leant forward, taking her by the shoulders, and gently turning her around, and onto the couch beside me, on my right. Once again, I moved into position between her legs, and she lifted her bottom to allow me to lift her skirt, exposing her pretty pussy again.

Louise’s voice was a little breathless, but she looked around at the couch and said, “How about we go into my room for this? There’s more room on my bed.”

“Okay,” I said, but I still leaned forward to kiss her on the inner lips of her pussy, inhaling that lovely scent. I just couldn’t get enough of it. I stood up, and Louise reached up, took my hand, and let me help her to her feet. We walked down the hallway to her bedroom, and I watched her beautiful butt, as she walked ahead of me. I felt a little weak in the knees, watching her sexy walk, and knowing that things were just about to get even better.

We walked into her room, and Louise took off her dress with one movement, and looked down at her lacy white bra, which was all she had left on. “I may as well get rid of this,” she said, turning to me to undo the clasp. Naturally, I fumbled badly trying to get it off, but after three attempts, I got the clasp undone, and she slipped the bra over her shoulders, and dropped it on top of her dress on the floor.

I had pulled my pants back up before I started following Louise to her room, and she looked at me and cocked her head slightly, saying, “You look a little overdressed.” She undid the stud on my jeans, and knelt down, slipping my jeans down my legs. The sight of her naked body, with her fair skin contrasting with the dark of her pubic hair, and her lovely breasts with their pink nipples, was so exciting to me, I could feel butterflies starting in my stomach. I stepped out of my jeans, and my half hard cock was already responding to the sight of my naked sister, and she said, “I like your style,” gently wrapping her right hand around it, then letting go.

Louise stood back up, and said, “If I can be naked, so can you,” and she unbuttoned my shirt and peeled it off me. To be honest, I felt a little self-conscious standing there, totally naked with her, even after what we had been up to, but I was also extremely excited by what we were doing. I could feel my heart beating in my chest, and Louise took my hand, and held it as we walked the few feet to her bed, then turned and sat on it. She looked up at me with a surprisingly serious look on her face, and her voice was little more than a whisper. “I’d love you to make me come with your mouth, Wayne,” she said, and then she looked at my cock, which was probably hard enough to enter her pussy by now, “but if you want to do the wild thing now, we can do that. We’ve got all the time in the world.”

She took hold of my cock again, from her sitting position, and wrapped her fingers around it, stroking the head gently with her thumb a couple of times, then looked up at me, saying, “The ball’s in your court, little brother.”

I had to swallow before I could speak, but I said, “What about if we go down on each other. You know, a sixty-nine.”

Louise took me by the left hand and pulled me down on the bed, so I sat next to her on her right. She smiled so sweetly, it was almost out of place under the circumstances, and said, “Wayne, you’re

of surprises!’

She leaned to me, and kissed me once more, on the mouth, and said, with her mouth almost touching mine, “I have to warn you, Wayne, if we have a sixty-nine, it’s gonna make me so horny I’ll fuck your brains out afterwards. Just keep that in mind.”

“I’m willing to risk it,” I replied.

“You want me on top?” she asked, sliding back onto her bed.

“That would be the gentlemanly thing, wouldn’t it?” I said, turning back to face her.

“Well,” she said, “you’d better assume the position. There’s a lot of lust to be satisfied here, and my pussy can’t lick itself, you know.”

I moved up onto her bed, and lay my head on one of the pillows. “Um, you better move down,” Louise said, from her position in the middle of the bed, “I do have legs.”

“I’m new at this,” I answered, and I shuffled down the bed a little, so Louise could get in position on top of me. Seeing her swinging her left leg over me, and moving her pussy up to my face was incredibly exciting just in itself, but that was only the start, as she got into the sixty-nine position, and I felt her warm breath on my hard cock.

I felt her taking the tip of my cock into her warm, wet mouth, and gently running her lips up and down, like she had done before, only this time she was being more gentle. I knew she was just trying to tease it until it was hard enough for her liking, and not trying to make me come. She wanted my cock inside her, and this was just her way of preparing it for the main event.

Louise’s inner pussy lips were puffy, and her clit was swollen. Her body was in need of sexual release, and she had entrusted me with the task of giving it to her. Her pussy was oozing her juices, and after I had taken in the sweetish, tangy pussy scent for a moment or two, I tried to lap up as much juice as I could. I found that as fast as I licked her juices, more seemed to build up, so I slipped my tongue into her pussy, and tasted the inside of her most intimate recess for a few moments. Then, the exciting thought occurred to me that very shortly, my cock would be in there, and this same pussy I was tasting, would grip my cock and make me come inside her.

At the same time, Louise was gently licking my cock, and running her lips up and down the shaft, preparing it for the time when it would be thrust into her pussy. The two of us were linked together like that, her mouth to my cock and my mouth to her pussy, and as I was preparing her pussy for fucking, Louise was preparing my cock for the fucking of her pussy.

After I had licked and tasted Louise’s pussy for a little longer, paying special attention to tasting her inner lips, licking her juices from them, I decided it was time to get serious with her clitoris. It was time to give her the sexual release that she was obviously craving. I moistened my lips with some of the copious amounts of fluid her pussy was oozing, and I placed my mouth over her swollen clit. I gave it a gentle teasing with the bottom of my tongue for a moment, and I felt her hips buck slightly. I put my hands across her buttocks to hold her in place, and I began move my lips back and forth on her clit, with a tiny amount of suction from my mouth. I knew from the first time I had tried this, the previous day, that this would bring her to an orgasm, and it was only a few moments before she started to buck and moan.

I felt Louise release my cock from her warm mouth, and she said, “Ohhh, that’s

good.” I relaxed my mouth on her clit a little, and I heard her sigh as the tension was released in her body. Then, I started to move my mouth back and forth again, tasting her clit, and the juices that were flooding from her. Her moaning started again, and I had to hold her tight, to keep her from pulling her pussy away from my face. Her breathing started to quicken, and I could feel each warm breath on my cock, which was still moist from her mouth. I knew she wasn’t far away from coming.

“Oh, Wayne, that’s so good, that’s so incredible!” she called out, and she clenched her thighs around my head. I relaxed my mouth on her clit, and her thighs relaxed as well, then I used my tongue to scoop some of her juices onto her clit, and then I started working my mouth on it again. It only took a few moments and she started to buck again, and she called out, “Oh, Wayne! I’m coming! I’m coming!” Then, with a strain in her voice, she said, “Ohhh, that’s

incredible!!” as her body tensed all over and three more spasms went through her, each accompanied by a rasping gasp. Then, I felt her whole body relax, and she took a long sigh.

After a moment or two, Louise rolled off me, onto her back on my right side, with her head at the foot of the bed, and lay there looking up at the roof. Her breathing was still a little fast. “You just get better all the time,” she said, breathlessly. She looked over at my erect cock, and said, “Looks like it’s only half-time, too,” then smiled. She took a deep breath, and then got up into a crouch, turned around, and lay next to me with her head on the other pillow. She pulled my head closer, and kissed me quickly, on the mouth. “I’m yours, any way you want me,” she said, still slightly breathless.

“Missionary’s fine,” I said, kissing her back on the mouth. “Missionary’s actually very underrated,” Louise said, quietly, but still slightly breathless, “You get to hold each other close, and its very sexy and sweet. It’s the best way to do it.”

I rolled on top of Louise, and I used my hand to guide my hard cock into her wet pussy. It slid straight in, but the fit was nice and snug once I was inside. “That went in easily, didn’t it” I said, softly, as I started to move gently inside her.

“That’s because I’m so horny, Wayne,’ she said, “and if you give it to me slow and deep for a while, I’ll show you what an orgasm looks like. I’m so horny, Wayne, but I just want you to do it nice and slow and deep for a bit, and after I come, you can have your way with me. You can do it any way you like.” She moistened her lips, and put her hands behind my neck, pulling my face closer, and kissing me on the mouth, then she repeated, “You can do it any way you like. Fast or slow, deep or shallow, any way you like, but just let me have it nice and slow for a while, until I come.”

Louise was tilting her pelvis a little with each of my gentle thrusts, just to give me that little extra penetration, but leaving me in control. It was a very giving, very sexy motion, and her breathing was starting to quicken again. After a short pause, she said, “Out on the couch, you said ‘cunt’ to me, Wayne. D’you remember?”

“Yeah, I do,” I answered, smiling even though I was in the middle of passionate sex.

“I hardly ever hear you swear, Wayne,” she said, now breathing a little more quickly, “You surprised me with that. Do you like dirty talk?”

“Sometimes,” I answered.

“Do you want me to talk dirty?” she asked, keeping up that sexy pelvic tilting motion.

“You don’t have to,” I said, as I moved gently but deeply, in and out of her pussy.

“What if I want to?” she answered.

“Then, I can’t stop you, can I?” I replied.

“Tell me if this is dirty enough,” Louise said, and then slowly, and pronouncing each word, she looked me in the eyes and said, “Fuck, my, cunt.”

It was hard to believe she had said that, but she continued on and said, “Let me put it another way, Wayne. Fuck your

cunt. Fuck it. Make your

come, Wayne.”

I hardly ever heard Louise swearing, either, so it was hard not to laugh at what she had said, and, naturally, I did start to laugh. She smiled, and with a little giggle, said, “So much for the dirty talk.”

Louise pulled me down to kiss my mouth again, and said, “Wayne, I am so horny. I’m so horny, and I’m gonna come soon. I can feel it building up inside. Just keep on going just the way you are. You’re so good at this. It’s just so good.”

Then, she made a little, “

” sound, and threw her head back, and said, “I just had a little orgasm. Not the big ‘O’, just a little one. But the big one’s coming, Wayne, it’s coming.”

“That’s the thing,” she said, a little more breathless now, and starting to breathe through her mouth, “You always think you know what it’s gonna feel like, but when it happens, it’s always better than you thought it was gonna be,” pausing for breath, and swallowing, “Am I babbling, Wayne?” she looked up at me.

“Yes,” I said, half smiling, “but that’s okay. It’s kind of cute.”

“Well, shut me up then,” she said, pulling me down and pressing my mouth to hers. I felt her wrapping her legs around me, and she began to thrust her pelvis in time with my own thrusts, no longer just tilting her pelvis to meet me, but thrusting back.

I began to thrust a little faster, and I could taste her breath, as she began to breathe a little faster and harder, holding my face down close to hers, kissing me quickly, two or three times. “This is good, Wayne, this is

good!” she said, and then she stiffened, and threw her head back, calling out, “Yes, yes,

YYESSS!!”,

three times, with three thrusts, and I felt her legs locking tighter around me, as her hands raked at my back. “Ohhh,

she called out, louder than I expected, and her face twisted for a moment, and with her eyes wide, she said, “That’s

Then, with one last long gasp, she relaxed again, and took a deep breath, releasing it with a shudder, then pulling me closer to her, with her arms around my back. “I didn’t scratch you,” she asked, breathlessly, “did I?”

“I don’t think so,” I answered, “but if you did, it was worth it.”

“I hardly ever do that,” she said, still breathless, “but sometimes, when I get carried away, ……. "

I still kept my steady thrusting, and after a moment, when Louise had got her breathing under control, she said, “Now, it’s your turn.” She pulled me down, kissed me on the mouth, and said, softly, “Use me, Wayne. Use me to satisfy yourself. If I can do anything to make it better, tell me. I want this to be good for you.”

“You’re doing great,” was all I could say.

“It still feels so good, Wayne,” she said, “are you close?”

“Not far off,” I said, and even I could hear the strain in my own voice.

“You’re close, Wayne, I can hear it in your breathing,” Louise said, and she began to tilt her pelvis again, giving me that extra penetration with each stroke. She moved her arms down my back a little, holding our bodies closer, but still allowing me to thrust deeply into her, and I started to feel my cock actually coming right out of her wet pussy with each stroke, then driving back inside with every thrust.

“Ohh, Wayne!” she called, with urgency in her voice once more, “I think I’m going to come

,” and her eyes widened. She was thrusting back at me with every stroke, and I could feel my own orgasm starting, there was no holding it back. I felt the wave of pleasure start, and as I began to feel myself about to come inside her, I heard Louise making a noise like a little squeal, and her arms tightened around me. I felt myself spurting inside her pussy, and each spurt was accompanied by that familiar wave of pure pleasure, but this time, I felt her pussy contracting around me, as she threw her head back, and made another groaning sound. Her pussy gripped my spurting cock, and the waves of pleasure just seemed to become stronger.

For a few brief moments our bodies were fused together, as cock and cunt combined and became two halves of one whole, two components of a precision engineered device, existing solely for the giving of sexual pleasure. Then, the electric arc of ecstasy passed between us, as we came together in Louise’s bed, still thrusting together in a sexual frenzy.

Then, as our mutual orgasms subsided, and we came back to reality, I found myself hugging Louise to me, as she hugged me back, with her legs wrapped around me. We were both breathing heavily, but she kissed me with a warm, soft kiss on my mouth, breaking the kiss to take another breath.

“Ohhh, that was so good, Wayne,” she breathed, “That was

I was totally spent, and I had to roll off her onto the bed, on her left. I was breathing heavily myself, and before I could answer, Louise rolled over and put her arms around my shoulders, as I lay on my back. With her face close to mine, and still breathless, but with excitement in her voice, she said, “We came together! Isn’t that amazing?”

“It was”, I paused for a breath, “It is,” I said, breathing again, “It was fantastic.”

were fantastic,” Louise said.

“It wasn’t just me,” I said, “We just make a good team.”

Louise rolled onto her back again, and said, “We could be on the Olympic Fucking Team,” and burst out laughing.

“Yeah,” I answered back, “You’d see the score cards going up, all perfect tens.”

“Seriously,” Louise said, “that was amazing, coming together like that. We still have to practice, though. Good sex takes plenty of practice. Do you agree?”

“Practice,” I said, nodding, “It’ll be hard, but we can do it.”

“It’ll be hard, all right,” Louise said, placing her hand around my tool, which was now at half-mast, “and that’s just the way I like it.”

The two of us lay there for a while, me on my back, with Louise on her side, with her arms around me in her bed. Neither of us spoke for a while, and then Louise broke the silence.

“Mum and Dad will be back tomorrow. That means we’ll have to stop doing this while they’re in the house,” she said, quietly.

“Yes,” I said, nodding.

“So, it may be a while before we can do it again, after tonight,” Louise said, lying on her back and looking up at the ceiling. I didn’t answer.

“But,” she said, turning to me with her mischievous smile, “today’s not over yet, though.”

That night, inside that ordinary suburban house, the two of us continued on doing extraordinary things together, things that would have scandalised our ordinary suburban neighbours, if they had only known what was going on inside those four walls. As Louise had said, the night was not over yet, and we made good use of the time we had left, before our parents were due home, and things would return to normal again.