Summer In Canada 
by erica18
     
I got locked out naked at my workplace and had to walk back home completely naked.

      It was my first visit to Canada. That year I had dropped from school because of my swimming activities. Actually, I was away from my school participating at National Level at a very critical time in the school. My studies were affected and I was not really prepared for the eleventh-grade board examination. School had considered my contribution to sports at National Level and helped me to arrange my examination following year. That left me almost whole year free of attending the school, that’s how I was visiting my mother’s youngest cousin sister in Canada.
      Within just a few days after my arrival in Canada, my aunty had her relative in serious condition in Italy and had to leave to attend the situation. I was left alone at her place for that time. By then I had met Soumi, a Canada-born Indian girl, and we were very close friends. With the help of her friends, I had managed this part-time student’s job which was available only during the summer.
      I was working at the ice cream cone and cold drinks shack, which was temporarily located in the reserve park along the trekking route about four hundred feet from the dirt track which was a trail for the park visitors. The shack also sold other useful items like sunscreen, body oil, etc. The owner lady of the shack informed that she needed to be paid the exact cost of the product sold at the rate set by her for the week. While doing sales we were allowed to display the selling price matching with other shops in the area, and the additional earning would be ours as a bonus at the end of the day. So, though it was working at the minimum wages, the additional income was reasonably good.
      There were two girls working at the shack; Kristine, the daughter of the owner was working from six am to three pm and then I was working from three pm to midnight. Kristine used to open the shack in the morning and I was closing that at midnight. We both had a key for opening and closing of the shack. The shack did not have a power connection and was based on battery power, which was barely enough for the night securing system. I was told that doors if closed behind would be locked, therefore I had to leave the dispensing window open while working to avoid getting locked out. Though at the end of the shift I was supposed to close everything from inside and just while leaving after the shift had to close the door, which would be locked behind securely.
      There was another schoolboy, Martin, bringing supplies of cold drinks, ice cream cones, and ice blocks for cooling the freezer three times a day; the last supply used to be at eight pm. He also used to bring the charged battery for powering the security system.
      Tourists and many students were visiting the park every day. There were mostly school teens doing some camping activities or trekking and other similar activities. Some students even came for biking along those treacherous trails. My shack was located on the return trail. So the visitors were always in great need of something cold to drink or ice cream cones; hence, our sales were really good during late afternoon hours. More so after seeing the girl at the shack, boys were easily attracted to the shack and would strike some or other conversation, spending more time while returning; that would mean that much more sales. Park opening timings were from four am to midnight, though most visitors used to arrive after six am and would leave before eleven pm. However, people working at the shacks were allowed to leave even after midnight. This park location was about four miles from my aunt’s home. I used to walk down the distance to my workplace.
      Though it was the beginning of the summer, the summer heat was extreme. Many times I had seen boys returning bare on top and girls just wearing a sports bra and jogging shorts. Noticing those girls, I also started wearing quite similar clothes for the summertime. Also, I had seen many times Kristine wearing only a cotton top and short shorts. I felt that she was without bra and panties. So I decided to follow her and not to wear my panty or bra under my summer clothing.
      That day I started from home wearing a red-colored loose tank top and cropped short shorts; I also carried with me another top which could be worn similarly. Though, I had to be very careful while sitting or bending because the portion between the legs was a very thin strip that barely covered my pussy slit. After arriving that day, I checked myself and was shocked to see how exposed I was. Though I was feeling extremely hot and sexy; my pussy was dripping wet due to sexual excitement.
      After relieving Kristine, I checked the stock in the shack and started my work. The sun was very bright and hot so at one moment I oiled my entire body and applied a lot of sunscreen over it. From four pm, the visits of two to three customers every ten or fifteen minutes continued. I liked the attention I was receiving from the boys. Even a few girls complimented, noticing my perky nipples and wanted to know my contact. It was becoming very interesting. I even took some chances to bend and flash my barely covered pussy from behind. In one of the groups, after selling them a few items, I adopted a squatting position opposite them for drawing a sketch in the sand to explain a certain area of the park, giving them a clear view of my pussy. They could not extract their eyes from the view of my pussy.
      Martin arrived at seven-thirty pm bringing the additional stock of ice cream cones and cold drinks for the next day. He informed that he had kept one ice cooler full of ice near the dirt track just down the hill and it was okay to keep it outside for the night near the shack. It was my work to drag the ice cooler up to the shack at the time of closing. He was very kind to replace the battery and then left finally just after eight, leaving me alone to close the shack. I had to bring the ice cooler to the shack. Not a big deal, I thought. There was a small lake less than a kilometer distance up north. My mind was working with some naughty ideas about walking naked up to the lake and have some naked swimming. I was already late in closing the shack and it was just a few minutes after eleven-thirty pm. I presumed that almost everyone may have already gone out of the park and there was a very rare possibility of someone around there. It was a wonderful clear sky with a warm breeze coming over the small lake.
      Even though it was better than the hot afternoon my body was still very oily and I was feeling sweaty and sticky. I took out a water bottle cold from the cooler and stood outside the shack for a few moments. It felt still quite hot even though it was quite sometime after the sunset. And suddenly a thought appeared in my mind. Why not get completely naked, exposing my body to warm night air? I felt the goosebumps with the thought and sat on the step there for a little longer. Looking around me, I sensed that there was no one around this time. There was main dirt track just four hundred feet down the hill and I had not seen or heard anyone passing for the last hour. There is no one around. Why not try (naked in open here), my mind was wondering.
      I got back inside the shack, checked everything, closed the serving window, and secured the cash box. Then I pulled another frozen cold water bottle and some ice from the cooler for me. I removed my top and hesitated for a moment. I walked out of the shack bare-breasted and stood there looking everywhere; there was not a single movement anywhere. I walked around with my breasts out in the open, fresh air; it felt much better. Coming back inside the shack, I pulled down my short shorts; I folded my top and shorts and placed them on the counter. Now completely naked, I came out and stood outside at the back of the shack, fully exposing my naked body to the warm breeze. Sensing every moment, I was very aware of all around me. It was all dead silence all around outside except occasional flipping of some small bird or mild hot breeze. Still a little scared, I came back inside the shack and stood in silence.
      Standing at the back door, I once again stared out towards the exit of the park. I heard very faintly some noises from the far distance, maybe some cars or trucks driving on the main road in the late night. I checked again the window was secured well. Stepping outside and holding the door with my hand, I stood there outside looking in all directions. If anyone appeared suddenly, I could run back inside. But there was no one in sight. Suddenly I remembered that I had to bring the ice cooler up to the shack. "It would be a good trial to walk naked up to the ice cooler and bring it to the shack," I told myself.
      I checked the key for locking the shack at the counter. Using the key, I turned the latch and clicked so that the door would not get locked behind me then turned the key and pulled it out from the lock and placed it suitably so I wouldn't forget about it while closing. Then I kept my cold water bottle down at the door so that it didn't get locked behind me and started walking slowly down the hill towards the place where Martin had kept the ice cooler. It was feeling really sexy and horny to walk naked towards the dirt road. I was getting warm down between my legs. Few steps more and I stopped to listen. Looking around again, it felt so risky standing there completely naked out in open. The ice cooler was still about a hundred steps away down the slope. But it felt so nice, I started carefully towards the cooler. I felt my pussy juices slowly dripping along my inner thighs.
      Standing close to the cooler I realized that I was standing at the edge of the dirt road. During the daytime, there would be many people walking here. I dared walking quite a distance on the dirt road, imagining many boys and girls around there. After a few minutes, I came back to the ice cooler and decided to take it up to the shack. There was only a short rope handle tied to the cooler for pulling; the cooler itself was placed on the small trolly, but pulling was not easy over the rough and uneven surface of the track. I looked all around again, sensing every slightest movement or traces of distant sound just to examine if there was anyone there looking at me. It looked all deadly silent and lifeless.
      Without covering my naked body, I started dragging the heavy ice cooler. It was very heavy and barely moving. Pulling this way and that way, pushing sometimes or even lifting the corners, the progress was very slow. I hadn't even covered half the distance and I was full of sweat everywhere. Sweat tracks were trailing down all over my naked body; I felt sweat drip from my armpits and pussy; my breasts were fully covered with sweat beads; I was sweaty all over. I felt exhausted, walked slowly to the shack for little rest, and freshened with cold water. At the shack, I sat on the step at the back door. The cold water bottles were there; I sipped some water from the bottle and placed it on the step. Feeling fresh and energized, I returned to the heavy ice cooler to push it to the shack. Though all my body was profusely sweating, the light breeze was feeling really erotic. My inner thighs were wet with sweat and the sensitive feeling deep inside my pussy was gradually increasing. I started again dragging and pushing the heavy ice cooler. If I'd known that this ice cooler was so heavy, I would have told Martin to bring it up to the shack.
      Another twenty minutes I struggled like anything to get the cooler to the shack and finally brought it to the front. I still had to push it to the back of the shack. By then I was feeling like I just came out of sweat shower. I was full of sweat everywhere. My armpits, breasts, head, pussy all were like pouring sweat from all pores of my body.
      Again sitting on the step at the back door of the shack, I gulped almost half a water bottle, applied ice to my forehead and face; it felt so soothing and cooling. The erotic feeling was at the edge and I could not resist applying ice on my nipples and pussy. It felt really arousing. I inserted an ice cube inside my pussy; it sent shock waves of pleasure through my body. I felt tingles as I felt the wetness in my pussy. I put my bottle down with my other hand and used it to rub circles around my left nipple. Then I felt a breeze come in cooling my sweaty body, making me shake and shiver a bit; it felt very nice.
      I was still very warm and sweating. I picked up the bottle by my side which was filled with a mix of cold water and ice, then I poured it on the top of my head, getting my body wet. It was chilled water with lots of ice; it felt very cold. I shivered a bit, but it felt so good in the warm night air. I took an ice cube in each hand and rubbed one around my nipple and the other I plunged into my pussy; it was pleasant to feel coolness inside and outside. I did not want the good feeling to end. I held the ice cube inside my pussy tightly while I took the other ice cube and put it in my mouth and then rubbed my nipples again, which started getting harder. With my other hand, I grabbed the cube still inside me, which had begun to melt a bit, and as I pushed it back slowly I audibly gasped again. Oh gosh, it felt good! As I kept working on my nipples with one hand and ice cube, I once again placed the other ice cube inside me and started playing with my clit. My hand started moving faster and I started to let out pleasurable squeals, and finally, as I felt it coming I squeezed my left breast and clit hard as I bucked in waves of pleasure, inching the ice cube out of my pussy. I let it fall to the ground as I rubbed a bit more.
      Oh gosh, that felt really good! As I came back into reality, regaining my breath, I looked around and remembered where I was and placed an arm over my boobs instinctively as I looked around and listened for any noise. Still nobody around at this late-night though, and I lowered my arms and stood up slowly. I was still wet as I grabbed my bottle and placed it on the step. Walking back to the ice cooler in the front, I stared at it and started pushing and pulling. With some real hard pushes and pulls, I finally managed to bring the ice cooler at the back of the shack to its usual place by the door. For getting inside the shack, I pushed the door, but it did not open.
      "What the fuck? How did it get locked!!"
      I tried again; it did not work; the door was really locked and the key was inside. I thought I had unlatched the lock before leaving for getting the ice cooler from the dirt track. I remembered I had kept the key on the countertop, but how do I open it now? Or did I take the key with me?! I was now uncertain. Maybe I took it with me and must have dropped it by the ice cooler before I started dragging it. I walked back down the hill to where the grass was still indented by where the cooler had sat and looked around; only water and what remained of melted ice cubes.
      “Shit!! Did I put it in the cooler… or something?” I said uncertainly.
      I jogged up and opened the cooler; all I could see was ice, water. There I stood naked, wet and a bit cool in the moonlit summer night. "No, please, no!"
      I walked to the front of the shack and peeked around the corner to the street, still no sounds or lights coming by, so I ran around to the front. Looking at the dispensing window, I tried to push up the glass but it was no use; it wouldn't budge. I turned around sat on the steps in defeat for a moment, then seeing the road and car lights in the distance remembered where I was and quickly stood up and ran to the other side of the shack to hide.
      “Shit!! The back is locked and the window is too, neither of them is opening, and I don’t remember with certainty where I left the key…"
      I was locked out naked. I couldn't do anything; I was once again completely aware of how wet, naked, and aroused I was. I realized, "I can’t be sitting here outside naked all night… I have to get home somehow… But I am all naked."
      I looked around frantically for anything I could possibly cover myself with, but there was nothing. Nothing to use for covering my naked body. Even the moon was out now and I would be easily recognized as a naked young girl by anyone looking in my direction. I took a long breath and stood there for a few minutes. I was so helpless and still was feeling extremely aroused.
      I had been naked in public before, but that was all planned with some backup and escape. I had no intention of actually being placed in this type of real situation, yet there I was! I slowly approached the corner of my shack once again, peeked around the corner, and saw and heard nothing. As I was passing by the window of my shack, I was shocked as I saw myself and the way my body looked wet and shining from the application of body oil earlier and all the water. It somehow made me look even more naked the way I shined. “Oh my gosh!”
      I was looking like a wild bitch in heat. I covered myself and I felt my face get warm out of embarrassment of what was to come. I couldn’t just stand there doing nothing; I needed to get moving. It was almost three miles of distance to go through to home and there were traffic lights and streets I would have to cross.
      I knew a few cut-through neighborhoods for avoiding more public routes that could expose me to more people driving, but at night it would not be easy to clearly find the correct way back home like that. I thought I would have to go along the direct route through major roads anyway. So I decided I would decide as it came or would just take the guaranteed but most risky direct route home.
      I started walking on the street knowing that a car or some vehicle could come at any time. I was also looking for some trees or bushes along the side of the road to hide in immediately if I noticed any car coming from either direction. As I continued, I couldn’t help but feel my nipples were very stiff and erect! I was extremely aroused, and the breeze on my wet skin certainly didn’t help my situation.
      There were conflicting thoughts appearing in my mind. Did I want not to be seen by anyone naked like this? Or my other mind was hoping for some car to appear suddenly and people to see me walking naked on the street! I wanted both! I did not want any encounters because I was scared to be caught naked… I also wanted to be caught naked because I was sexually soo aroused… there was constant tingling inside my pussy… Even while walking I wanted to finger my pussy.
      As I approached the first traffic signal I looked each way; seeing no cars, I was relieved, but then when I looked up I saw the cameras on top of the traffic lights! I covered up in embarrassment. "People watch them during the night I'm pretty sure, oh gosh, how well can they see and how far do the cameras see?"
      I started running across the crosswalk and just kept going further down the sidewalk till I was a good distance from the light and then dropped my arms and walked, catching my breath. There were no trees or bushes anymore. Where could I hide if some car comes?
      And then, my nightmare became true. I saw it coming towards my direction from the front. It was approaching quite fast and getting pretty close, and no place to hide anywhere. I decided to continue walking letting them look at my naked appearance. I continued walking with my both arms by my side without covering my breasts or pussy. When the car actually came very close, momentarily I stood there like a deer in the headlights unable to move, granting a view of all me in naked, wet, and shining glory of my sexually aroused naked body. As the car distanced from me and regained speed, I stood there motionless with my face beet red, looking in the direction of the car. I think I saw the silhouette in the car seemingly facing my direction as it moved slowly past me. Though there was no need now, my hands covered my hard erect nipples and dripping pussy. Wow, that was not bad!! Seems people were not paying much attention to a girl walking naked on the road at night.
      Suddenly realizing what I had done, I looked all around to see that there were no more other cars approaching before lowering my arms and continuing my path. At times like this I wished I really was a better runner; I knew I couldn't keep up a fast pace or else when a car approached and I needed my speed to hide, I wouldn't be able to. After the ordeal, I noticed that my nipples were stiff like diamond cutters and painfully erect; my body seemed to betray me as I seemed to still be aroused!
      How was it possible that this extremely embarrassing situation was exciting me so much? Actually, my mind was hoping for some more cars to cross my way and notice me walking naked. Maybe I should intentionally freeze in their headlights so that they could see my naked glory clearly? Was my mind imagining to hear some sexy compliments? Shit, my mind and body were in turmoil. I must continue, best not dwell on it, I need to switch sides of the road, this side had only a fence that was on the exterior of a middle school, so I quickly ran across to the other side of the road that had a few trees. It also added some hiding places behind the trunks of the trees. Or my mind was finding excuses to cross the road!
      It was a winding stretch of the road with bends and turns. Because of the bends and curves, it was not possible to see a car at a distance; I could see the cars only after they were already very close to me. I kept moving and trying to be aware of every sight and noise, but it was not of much use. I was caught unaware two or three times. Some cars honked the horns or I could hear loud laughing of some erotic comments. Cars would pass periodically; sometimes it would just speed away. Some would really slow down to see that I was really a naked girl walking on the road at this time of the night. My fear of getting caught naked was over by now. Actually, I was kind of enjoying my naked walk and letting people watch me naked on the road.
      And then I approached the next crosswalk. I needed to get to the other side of the street again because that was the way I had to go. There were cars waiting for the light to turn green, so I kept hidden behind a nearby tree until I heard them drive off. It didn't indicate that I had the right of way to walk across, so I hesitated and hit the switch to wait before deciding it didn't matter and started heading across.
      The sign switched to indicate I could cross while I was walking, but I had a new problem: I hadn't been paying attention and a car's headlights lit up to my right and it was getting close! I made it to the other side, but there was no cover except the pole, which didn't really offer much. I hid behind it best I could and hit the button to cross again further up the road. But the sign remained a red hand indicating I couldn't walk, and the car slowed to a halt at the light right next to me. I grew very red in the face again. I even forgot to cover myself. To my dismay, I saw through the window two young men looking right at the naked girl before them.
      The window rolled open, "Hey, look, the beautiful young girl is in her full naked glory! Wow, she is so shiny and wet on the road in the open. Is she oiled and screwed up?"
      I was still wet from earlier; this was so embarrassing!
      "Looks like she enjoyed the fucking before coming naked on the road! This is really fucking great. Hey, dream girl, can you show your pussy to us?”
      I saw them both opening the car doors and almost getting out. But I knew they could not get out because the signal would go green anytime. To my horror, my body and mind betrayed me completely. I turned facing them and thrust my pussy forward towards them to see. My pussy was dripping like a fountain and was clearly visible in the lights around. The signal turned green and the cars behind honked the horn. The cars moved on, crossing the intersection.
      “Shit” I yelped and started running across the crosswalk with my hands now moving to gain speed. As I ran off I heard laughter fade away in the distance as I got further and further. I found a wall I could hide behind and catch my breath. I could not imagine what I had done.
      As I lay there, I felt a familiar warmth down in my pussy; again I wondered how I was so aroused and erotic. I let my hand explore around my pussy, which seemed to be wet from all the excitement. I couldn't resist the urges and I plunged my finger deep into my pussy and let out a gasp. I started caressing my breast with my left hand as my right hand continued. My hand moved in and out frantically, gradually getting faster as I felt the tension building up. I was lost in my own world at this point and I let out gasps as the pleasure intensified. Gosh, I liked to show my pussy to those young men. I was extremely horny and wanted to fuck my pussy badly.
      As I neared climax I rubbed my clit with my wet fingers until I pushed down and held tight as my hips convulsed and I had an amazing orgasm! I caught my breath and opened my eyes and looked around, readjusting to reality. That felt really good, but my pussy was now dripping a lot of juices from all the excitement I had all night, so if I got seen up close by anybody, it would be even more embarrassing but more arousing! No, I was already still wet from my pussy juices and sweat all over my body. I didn’t care what they saw and thought about me! I didn't try to think about it much; I had to reach home soon.
      I peeked around the corner both ways and let a car pass before moving out again. I was starting to get closer to home, but it felt so much longer of a walk than when I normally walk home from the shack, probably because of all the arousal and sexual excitement.
      I examined the sides of the street before me. I was approaching the last stretch of the main road before I could start heading into my neighborhood. This area would be risky; there were no more trees and bushes to hide in. Also, no parked cars to take cover behind. There were more street lamps and floodlights illuminating the street very brightly. So I would have to just cover myself with my arms if anyone came by and hope they didn't follow me.
      I looked each direction down the roads; it seemed clear enough to proceed, but it was hard to tell if car lights in the distance would come this way and if so when they would be upon me. There was no way I could hide my naked body under these brightly illuminated portions of the road. I took a deep breath and crossed to the left side of the road, as I would need to be on it to go into my neighborhood anyway. I continued on now without bothering to cover my erect nipples or pussy. I just wanted to keep moving faster without wasting time in hiding and covering. If someone saw me, let them enjoy!
      I was wrong thinking that way! As I approached the final light before I could turn into my neighborhood, I heard a car approaching from behind me. I started turning into my neighborhood praying they wouldn't follow, but to my horror, I heard the car halting just next to me. I was still running; the driver’s window rolled down as the car easily matched my pace. I saw two girls.
      “Wow, just look at her running naked! Are you streaking or did you lose a bet or something?" one of them said.
      As I was running right just alongside the car and I exposed more of my body to them, the other girl leaned over and said, "Look, she is all wet, especially her pussy! I think she likes this!"
      I saw flashes out of my peripherals and was shocked to note how sexually aroused I was feeling.
      "Hey, please stop!" I saw the car almost stopping. "Please finger your pussy for us for a few minutes."
      That was crazy. I did not know what was going on. Again my mind and body were not me. As the car stopped, I faced the girls, spread my legs wide open, and started fingering my pussy.
      The girls were now cheering me. "Wow, that is the best performance! Fuck your pussy till you come."
      I was fingering my pussy vigorously. Suddenly my pussy erupted like a volcano spraying uncontrollably towards the car. Suddenly I realized what the fuck I was doing. "Fuck!" I yelped and tried to run faster away from those girls without covering my naked body. But my knees had gone weak. My pussy was still flowing like I was peeing continuously. It was an unimaginably erotic situation. I was getting close to the turn to my condominium, but they just kept matching my pace.
      Both girls were giggling as I jumped out from the road and behind a hedge.
      “Looks like the show is over, oh well, Thanks for the beautiful performance!” They honked and drove off laughing, fading as they got further away.
      I collapsed to the ground, holding my pussy tight between my legs and my body convulsing in the spasm of the waves after waves of sexual outbursts and pleasure. After many minutes of sexual outbursts, I stood up slowly on my shaky legs. Holding the bark of the tree, I breathed heavily trying to catch my breath, looking in each direction, afraid someone had heard the car honk or seen me fingering my pussy; nobody was around at this time though.
      I looked towards the entrance to my apartment building. Usually, security at the entrance lobby could be seen sitting there, though the security desk appeared unoccupied. The problem was the front entrance was heavily illuminated in floodlights. I ran through under the floodlights and punched the code and entered the lobby. No one was there. I rushed to the elevator, hoping that I would not come across anyone. I was holding my breath and keeping my fingers crossed that it did not stop at any level before reaching the seventh level to my apartment.
      The elevator stopped and the doors opened. I peeked into the corridors; it was dead silence. I quickly rushed to the apartment door and realized that I had no key to enter; it was left at the shack in my dress on the top of the counter.
      "Shit! What do I do now?" It seemed the ordeal was not going to be over. I walked to the end of the corridor and entered the staircase and sat on the steps. It was almost two-thirty am now. There should not be many people moving around. I remembered that security had spare keys to the apartments for use in case of emergency. Though I would have to open the glass case next to the security desk for that. I did not know what I was going to do, but I started slowly climbing down.
      Once at the ground level, I had a very vague idea of distracting the security. First, I walked towards the entrance lobby and saw that there was a girl security guard on duty. That made the problem a little easier. I would just walk in to her, tell her the truth, and request her to open my apartment. I waited for a few moments behind the door weighing my options. Finally, I walked back outside in the parking lot and turned towards the main entrance lobby. Without covering my naked body, I came to the glass door and knocked. The security girl looked towards me and was shocked, dropping her jaw. She buzzed the door open for me.
      At her desk, I told her what had happened and requested her spare key. While I was telling her all this her eyes were all the time fixated on my sweaty breasts and erect nipples. Though she was listening to my every word, she was intently staring at every sexual part of my body.
      She informed me that she could not hand over the spare key, though she could come with me and open the apartment. Before moving from her desk she went around each door at the main entrance lobby to secure it and then we both started climbing the staircase. She told me that she did not want to be seen with a naked girl on the security cameras in the elevator. While climbing the stairs, we exchanged our names; she told me her name was Melissa. She was very curious as to how did I manage to reach home without being noticed by anyone on the street. I told her the truth, that I was seen by many people. She wanted me to tell her about how I managed that.
      Once inside the apartment, she asked if I was living alone there. I told her that my aunt had gone out of the country for three weeks and I was alone for a while. I asked her if she had some time so I could tell her the complete details about my coming home naked from the shack, and she said she was on duty till seven am. There was lots of time for both of us.
      She complimented that I looked so beautiful completely naked and sexy like an erotic goddess. That was the main reason that she opened the door in the lobby for me. It was easy to remember all the minute details when the situation was over and there was no fear of being caught naked on the road.
      When I was telling her all the details I noticed that she was excited and feeling aroused. While talking I made coffee for both of us and asked her if she ever had come across a situation like this. She admitted that she never had faced anything like this but it was one of her many fantasies.
      She suddenly asked if I was into girls. I answered affirmative and suggested why not confirm it that very moment. She looked at her watch and smiled at me with an agreement.
      Within moments she was out of her uniform and we both were completely naked in the bed in each other's arms. For the next two hours, we were pleasuring each other sexually. The time came when we both had our faces buried in each other's pussies and eating vigorously. She was quite rough on my pussy with occasional bites on my pussy lips and clit. But I liked her biting my pussy; she drank and sucked all my pussy juices.
      At six am she was ready, back in her uniform, and thanked me for the wonderful time. We said goodbye with the promise to be friends and keep in touch.
      Though it was an accidental situation and quite a difficult situation, I had a wonderful sexual experience of exhibitionism and got a very good friend, Melissa, who had similar interests as mine.
    
   