This is a story which has happened about 1 year ago. Anju was the type of girl for which any guy would rip his heart out. She was a real beauty queen and her body complexion was flawless.

Anju is 21 years old, 5'7 tall and weighed about 55 kg. She is very fair, had brown hair & eyes. She has a 36'25'36 figure to her credit and she loves wearing high heels! She has a smile which would drive you into frenzy whenever you were facing her. She was a woman who could get anything she wanted and when she walked down the street, curious male eyes were always undressing this gorgeous lady.

Anju is an undergraduate student in some college doing study in agriculture. As all of you know, in the final year you have to submit a final project before the graduation ceremony. Every boy in college feared in approaching her for she was the kind of girl to have many boyfriends. And she knew all the males were after her but she didn't seem at all interested.

Anyway, when she completed her final project, she was really fatigued and needed a rest in the countryside. She told her parents that she wanted a little rest and suggested they go to the countryside. Her parents agreed fearing she might become ill after so much concentration on her course work. Now her parents had a friend, Ashish who owned a farm. The farm was taken care of by Ashish's old servant, Dev. Dev was a healthy and fit black old man. He was a firm man. He was in his late 50s.

Days went by, Anju and her parents moved in and Dev guided them in the guest house. Dev stayed in a separate room in the same house. Anju loved the countryside very much and hopped around in excitement. She loved nature and all that was associated with it. She wanted to be lonely for a while and the surroundings were just perfect. Dev served them well for he knew they were his master's special friends. Dev was a lonely man who had no family or relatives and was being much affectionate to their needs.

Next day, Anju was feeling a bit tired after taking a long morning stroll down the countryside. Her parents were going to visit a colleague which resided not too far. Anju told them to go without her as she would rather stay back at home. After her parents had gone, Anju decided to take a quick bath in the river which crossed the backyard.

She took her towel and clothes and paced down the river. What she saw came as a shock to her!!! Dev was bathing in the river completely nude. She hid behind a tree for she didn't want to embarrass the old man. When he came out of the water, she was almost in a trance as she glimpsed at Dev's cock. The old man was huge!!! He was almost 7' long and 5' wide in flaccid state. His balls were about the size of an apple. She could not believe her eyes and was shell shocked. Sure, she had a brief knowledge of an average man's penis but this was fucking incredible. She could feel her pussy twitch in excitement. She knew she was having a lewd conduct but she couldn't resist herself and began to finger her pussy through her panty. Liquid juices deep inside her came oozing out but she controlled herself with much effort. She waited for the old man to leave so that she could herself take a bath but sexy thoughts flashed across her mind.

The Old man put on his clothes and marched down the large garden and began working normally for he had not seen Anju watching him nude. During the whole day, Anju could not think of anything else beside the old man's huge penis. She wondered about the sheer size of the penis and the amount of cum contained in the big scrotum sac. Suddenly, her mobile rang; it was her parents telling her that they would stay back at their friend's place for today and that she made arrangements with Dev for the evening meal.

"Holy fuck" she thought. She would be all alone with Dev for the whole night. She called for Dev "Yes, can you prepare the meal for tonight? It's just that my parents won't be coming home tonight and they asked me to tell you to take CARE of me". She demanded. The old man readily agreed.

After having a sumptuous meal, Anju sat on the sofa and was watching the tube while Dev was washing the dishes. Anju was in a horny mood and she wondered how Dev's cock would feel inside her. Her parents would go back home tomorrow and she would not get a chance of seeing this black cobra so soon. There was no good movie on the idiot tube so she thought she would play some games on her mobile for time pass.

Suddenly, Dev came and told her that he has finished washing the dishes and was going to sleep. "Sure Dev" she answered back looking greedily at the big bulge in his pants

The Old man went to sleep. After 1 hour later, Anju was bored and wanted to do something crazy. She wanted to see Dev's cock once again. She peeped inside Dev's room which had no door, (only curtains) and saw that he was fast asleep. She came closer to him and focused on the huge bulge. She licked her sexy rosy lips. The old man wore practically nothing except for a t-shirt and boxer shorts. The room was dim.

She wanted to make sure the old man was fast asleep first. She called out his name `Dev, are you awake..?" No response. She called at him a few more times but there was no answer. This was the green signal to proceed further. She sat on the bed near his belly. Her fine delicate reached out for the boxer shorts and gently pulled it down. No underwear!!! There she was facing directly the huge rod. She looked at it with such passion and without any ambiguity, took hold of his black penis in her fair right hand. She grasped around the base of his cock with her left hand and with her right hand slid the shaft slowly up and down. The monster cock responded to her delicate touches and began to grow hard in her hand. Being flaccid, the cock filled her hand completely and she had to use both her hands as the cock grew larger. His penis was now completely erect. She looked back in astonishment. His cock head was bigger than the size of her wrist and his penis was a whole 17' of meat delicacy (and 7.5' wide). She trembled at the sight and feared that she has underestimated male potency. This was the biggest cock she had seen in life and guessed that this should have been in the Guinness Book of Records,
She stroked his cock with both her hands for quite some more time. Now, pre-cum was oozing out from Dev's cock. This was glistening in the dim light that shone the room. Dev was making small grunts. "Maybe he was just faking to be asleep", Anju wondered but it was way too late now. She lowered her head, her eyes still fixing on the cock head. She licked her lips once more and she licked his penis hole. Dev jumped out of excitement and he saw Anju's rosy tongue playing with his pee-hole. Dev just smiled at Anju. Anju replied back by licking the underside of his shaft. She didn't care at all now. She smiled at Dev before licking his scrotum sac. His testicles were big and round as an apple. Her rosy lips munched on the left testicle while she played with the right one with her hands. Dev was enjoying this very much as he felt his youth striking back at him. After a couple of minutes of fondling his balls, she wanted to take his penis inside her mouth.
She looked sexily over at Dev and tried to engulf his cock head inside her mouth. The huge brown cock head stretched her rosy lips and Anju felt that once the cock head went in, her mouth would be completely filled. She struggled to swallow the head as it was enormous!!! She kept trying and her lips were stretched to the limit. Finally, she succeeded in bringing the cock head in. "Good god" she thought. It was her first blowjob. She tried sucking the penis but it was real difficult for the cock head filled her mouth. The old man knew that she couldn't handle such a huge cock and he chuckled to himself. Anju had difficulty in breathing properly and she coughed twice while maintaining the penis head inside her over stretched mouth. She took the penis head out and took several deep breaths. The old man encouraged her to breathe well. Then, she took his cock again in her wet mouth and got about 5' inside her already stretched mouth. She tried to deep-throat the black monster and succeeded in bringing about 8' inside her throat. She stayed there for 15 seconds before taking it out again. This continued for about 10 minutes or so.

She could feel his cock becoming larger with blood filling in. The contrast was terrific; a young fair lady deep-throating a colossal black cock. She kept looking at Dev in his eyes which showed sheer ecstasy and delight. This was the finest experience for him in years. He couldn't believe his luck.

Dev took hold of her hair and pushed Anju's face rigidly down on his cock. About 1.5 inches of more meat went down in her throat. Her face became red and she couldn't take more. But she tried to perform her first blowjob with ease for which she struggled. The old man was pulling her face up and down on his mammoth dick. Her face was being used like a toy. Her lips were acting as a friction surface against the big rough cock. The cock head was rooted firmly in her throat and Dev wondered whether the young gal would pass out soon. But she didn't; at least not for that moment. She kept going on and on. Dev sensed that he would cum soon and shoved his rigid cock as fast as he could in her now-bruised mouth. He kept pulling her face on his dick and suddenly, he tightened his grip on her face and blasted a long, thick cum stream down her narrow throat. "Shit" she thought. He came for about 45 seconds and in long spurting shots. He didn't stop Cumming. His balls contained about a half litre of cum. Her throat flexed as she swallowed but couldn't swallow all his cum and as a result came out of her mouth. Her face was a real mess and the thick semen coated her mouth and acted like a seal. Her mouth was full and pumped like a balloon which contained cum.

Dev was thrilled. He now wondered what a feeling it would be for the young girl's vagina around his giant penis. His cock was limp for the moment. Dev told the young gal to undress herself first. The girl was still breathing hard. Dev watched this beauty queen slowly undressing herself. She had a perfect body and a superb complexion.

Dev told her to lie down on her belly. The girl turned around and had her face down and ass up. Dev grabbed her fair ass and spanked it lightly. He grabbed her boobs and pressed her pink perky nipples hard. This sent a wave of excitement through her body. This excited the young gal. The old man now licked the underside of her vulva which was in full view from that angle. Anju hissed `Oh ....my god". Dev tickled on her pink clitoris with his tongue and nibbled gently of the little stiff clit. The gal was really enjoying this and asked the old man to suck harder. The old man was teasing her by first sucking her clit to the point of orgasm and then stopped sucking. He did it a couple of times until the girl screamed "PLEASE STOP TEASING ME AND LICK MY CLIT FAST...AHHH" The man inserted one finger inside her vagina to lubricate her. This time Anju came violently on the man's face and sighed a relief. Her pussy juices tasted like nectar.

Now the man thought it was time for the final act.

Stilly lying on her belly, Dev slapped his massive cock against her ass. Her ass-hole looked so tiny compared to this colossal dick. One could wonder that it was almost impossible for the cock to go inside. Dev was hard again and this time he rubbed the girl's pussy juices to act as a lubricant on his swollen cock. Anju was alarmed. How could this monster possibly go inside her..? She protested" Dev, I do not want to do this..." Dev just ignored her and tried to push his cock head against the entrance of her pink vagina. The titanic black dick was in full vigor. The frightened girl squealed "No please don't do this for god sake... You're much too big. I'll be torn apart. The old man grinned mischievously. He lay down on the young's girl back and the penis head was rubbing against her vulva. The old man really fancied his luck. Just imagine an old black man lying down on a young gorgeous virgin lady. But the old man didn't know that the gal was a virgin.

He just forced his cock head brutally inside her tight vagina. The vaginal walls contracted tightly on his penis. Her vagina expanded with the huge cock size and the whole dick head peeped in. Anju screamed in pain!!! Her hymen had been torn to shreds with just the penis head inside her taut vagina. Blood spots appeared on the penis head when the old man removed his boner out. He wiped it out with a piece of cloth and pushed his cock viciously back again in her pussy.

About 6' inches of black meat protruded inside her pussy. Anju was biting her lips so hard due to the sheer circumference and size of this dick. Dev pushed another 3 inches inside her. She felt that she was completely filled and that the tip of his cock rubbed against her womb. A staggering 8' inches remained outside her vagina. Her vaginal walls were extended to the limit. Her pussy was so soft and tight and Dev enjoyed the feeling very much. Anju, on the contrary, was aching.

Dev started to ram her pussy hard. For each thrust, Anju had to lift her ass up due to the extreme pain. Dev wanted to pierce right through her cervix. Dev shoved another 3' within the confines of the vaginal hut. She screamed at the top of her voice "Ahhhhhhhhhhh...ohhhhhhhhhhhh...fuck......gawwwddd...you 're tearing me apart you old bastard.........." It was hard to believe that Anju could accommodate 11' of black meat inside her and 7.5' wide. Her pussy acted as a glove. Tears came rolling on her cheeks. Anju felt as if the penis would burst her open and would reside in her belly. She could feel his cock head deep inside her belly. The to-and-fro motion continued for 20 minutes and this seemed to be an infinity time for Anju. She came twice during this agonizing time. The huge cock hit her in all the right places and gradually she accustomed to the size of the dick. Now the old man wanted Anju to ride him. Anju sat firmly on the dick and only about 11' could go in. She couldn't take any further and started the up-down motion. She came once more. Dev didn't want to cum so soon and so told Anju to get off him.


Now Dev wanted a piece of this beautiful ass. He told Anju to get on her hands and knees (doggy-style). Dev straddled her ass and placed the veiny cock head on the crack of her asshole. Anju yelped. She didn't want that big pogo stick up her ass. But the old man thought otherwise. He placed his dick at the entrance of her asshole and propelled it in.
"Awwwwwww....You son of a bitch...you motherfucker....you pierced my asshole you old jerk...owwwwwww...." A whole 9' inches went inside her rectum without any lubrication. Anju felt she was on fire. The room was really hot!!! They were really going at it. Dev pounded his dick inside the stretching rectum. Anju knew that after such an experience, both her holes would never be the same. Dev felt that he would soon be Cumming and he rammed his gigantic dick faster and sadistically. The young girl was pleading for help as she felt her rectum rip. "U sadistic animal.....I'm gonna die....fuck you...slow down you old hog....hahhhheahahhh...goddd...sssssss...arrrrrrr" She scolded at him. Dev got more excited hearing her merciful talk and thrusted about 14' of meat inside her ass. His dick head dwelled in her long intestine and he continued to push further. Good gosh, he drove all his 17' meat inside her asshole. Anju felt as if a cricket bat was in her....it was an extreme pain each time he thrust forward. Finally, Dev came with a loud thud. He pumped his cum inside her hole. He came violently and his cum resided inside her long intestine. He came for about 1 minute. Her ass was heavy as if he had a gallon of cum inside her. She lay down exhausted and drained. The old man wiped himself out and left the room for a bath.

Anju could not even walk. Both her holes were worn out. She has experienced one hell of a gigantic cock and has lost her virginity to a sadistic old man. And yes, the Old man did take full CARE of her

She thought to herself "God, what a vacation" and went to her room to sleep. Tomorrow she would have to go back home and she sure needs a rest there also.
