Jenny's Pool Party
by stripic

Part 1

Jenny was ready to scream. For once in her life, she thought she'd wear something girly, and look how it paid off. She simply could not manage to figure out her bikini top. For the first time the tomboy wished she had more girl friends. Instead she had to pick whichever of her male guests would be least awkward helping her out.

In the other room, her four closest friends were pregaming. It was Jenny's 21st birthday, and the Mike was throwing Jenny a rager. His parents were gone for the weekend, and he was prepared to get wasted by the pool with his friends. So he was already double fisting while Jenny got ready. David was ignoring whatever stupid joke Mike just made scrolling through his phone, while Calvin, the handsome jock Jenny harbored a secret crush on, gave him a pity laugh. And rounding out the group was Brandon, who wasn't really listening, busy imagining Jenny getting into her bathing suit. Luckily for him, Jenny picked his name to yell out.

Brandon had a long term girlfriend, so Jenny figured he wouldn't get any ideas. But when he opened the door to see Jenny from behind in nothing but her bikini bottoms, he got all sorts of ideas. Jenny was an athlete, a natural at every sport she tried. She usually kept her hair back in a ponytail and hid her body in oversized t shirts and basketball shorts, so this sight was a rare treat, Brandon eagerly took in. Her blonde hair was loose over her bare shoulders and muscular back. Long legs reached up to her ass, toned from squats, which peeked out of the tiny bikini bottoms. Brandon never imagined she would go for this kind of skimpy bathing suit. After saving the image to his memory, Brandon broke the silence "Uh hi."

Jenny informed him of the situation, then maneuvered to get the front of the top in place for Brandon to figure out the back. In the process, the sides of her breasts briefly came in to view. As Brandon worked the clasp, he could see how it would be difficult to get shut from behind. It was one of those tiny metal belt buckles, but the rod of the clasp was long and difficult to maneuver. Dutifully, Brandon got the back strap in place and fit it through the clasp, but as he finished up, one of his ideas stopped him. He decided not to close the clasp completely, and prayed something might happen to let him get a front view of Jenny in nothing but her bottoms. Together, they returned to the group, and enjoyed some beers until the party got started.

After people started arriving, it was time for the party to get started and for people to start enjoying the pool. Brandon kept his eyes laser focused on Jenny's top as she dove in.


Part 2

When Jenny re-emerged, Brandon was disappointed to see her top still in place. After a while, he’s forgotten about his little scheme as he got into the pool and started enjoying the party. Tonight was still a win just to see Jenny in a bikini after all.

But when a game of poolside basketball began, a flicker of hope stirred within him. Jenny was extremely competitive, and there was a zero percent chance it didn’t devolve into some form of roughhousing. Sure enough, that’s exactly what happened. Brandon felt like he was watching a thriller movie, suspense building toward the a climax, only in this case it would be a beautiful woman’s tits coming out not a starlet being jumped.

Brandon kept his eyes glued to Jenny’s chest. And sure enough it paid off. At one point Jenny got hold of the ball and thought she’d go for a dunk. Lowering herself into the water, she then rocketed up to the rim and pushed the ball through. Her top did not make the journey with her. So Jenny was completely topless, baring her breasts to a party full of guys awestruck by the sight. Of course Jenny being Jenny needed to revel in her glory. And without realizing the full extent of the show she was putting on she kept herself raised out of the water holding onto the rim as she proclaimed her champion status. This finally gave David, sitting poolside with his feet in the water a reason to look up from his phone, and gave him a good use for it to boot as he greedily snapped pictures of his friends boobs.

It was Calvin, trying to be a gentleman, who ruined the moment. Bright red, enjoying the sight of Jenny’s perky tits but trying his best to look away, he brought Jenny’s attention to her undresssed state. “Oh my God!” She squealed, and the show was over. She dropped from the rim and hugged the wall of the pool, allowing her to hide her breasts and avoid eye contact with any of the guys she had just flashed. “Can someone please grab my top for me?”

Calvin noticed it floating near him and made a motion to grab it and hand it to her, but he was stopped by a party full of dagger eyes being sent his way. Instead, Mike a little sloppy, having brought a beer into the pool with him tossed it out of the pool to David, who wordlessly his it underneath his bag. “I don’t see it Jenny, I don’t know where it could have gone, but it’s nowhere in sight.”

Jenny groaned at her predicament. For the second time that night she foolishly chose to trust Brandon. “Brandon, could you grab me a shirt or something to cover up with?”

This was of course the last thing in the world he wanted to do. But there wasn’t exactly a diplomatic way to refuse her. So he got out of the pool and went up to Mike’s room to look for something she could wear. Combing through a dresser drawer, inspiration struck.


Part 3

When Brandon came down, Jenny was still hugging the pool. Jenny had asked for something to cover up with, but Brandon didn’t want the show to be over. So the tshirt he tossed over to Jenny was white. He figured Jenny would be too eager to put something on to think too hard about what happens when a white t shirt gets wet.

He was right. Jenny quickly donned the t shirt and finally left the shelter of the wall. Turning around, her breasts were bare once again, easily visible through the transparent fabric. And even though everyone had just seen her completely topless, something about the wet t shirt was even hotter. The view was almost as good, but the straining of her breasts against the thin fabric gave it a kind of 3d effect, particularly with her nipples hardened by the cold water poking through.

The party resumed with all eyes on Jenny, blissfully unaware that her exposure continued. But when she left the pool to check her phone, her recent exposure came back to her mind, and she felt another wave of embarrassment. Self-consciously, she plucked her bottoms as if to make them cover up more of her butt. Calvin, seeing this from the pool joked “Need help with that wedgie Jenny?” Jenny’s face burned bright red at the thought, but she was completely unaware for what happened next.

“You need help with a wedgie?” Mike slurred. His drinking outpaced everyone, and it was really starting to show. In his right mind, he’d never think this was a good idea, but drunk as he was…Mike grabbed the back of Jenny’s bikini bottoms and yanked upwards, happily peeking inside at her exposed ass.

“Oh my god Mike! What the hell?” Jenny protested helplessly. She wasn’t sure what was worse, the pain of the fabric riding up her ass, or the humiliation. She knew the wedgie must mean more and more of her ass cheeks were on display to the party. This was confirmed when after a moment of stunned silence she heard wolf whistles and cheers. “Seriously Mike, knock it off!” She warned. But it was too late. Mike pulled her bikini up as high as he could, completely exposing Jenny’s backside except for the small sliver of fabric lodged in her crack. And then the side clasps snapped off, leaving a small stretched out wad of fabric in Mike’s hand and Jenny’s perfect round butt completely bared to the party.

For a moment, she didn’t quite register what had happened, and then it hit her, that she was mooning and entire party full of guys - mooning Calvin. Pulling the shirt down in front over her pussy (which as a side effect, raised it in the back) Jenny ran indoors away from the crowd and squirreled away behind the first room with a door she could close.

It was a half bathroom. For a moment, Jenny licked her wounds, bemoaning her back to back exposures, twisting around in the mirror to see how red her ass was from the wedgie. And then she noticed her shirt was completely see through. The embarrassment turned to rage as she realized everyone had just been looking at her tits, letting her expose herself without a word of warning. Not one of her friends had let her know to cover up.

Now determined to give every guy there a tongue lashing she formed a plan: go up to Mike’s room to grab some real clothes before heading back down to unleash her fury on the guys. But first she wanted some semblance of cover for the run up to Mike’s room. She took off the wet top, which wasn’t doing anything anyways and crumpled it into a ball. Now it wasn’t translucent and she could hold it up to her crotch which she realized was the last part of her body she had managed to keep to herself. With her other hand she grabbed the small hand towel by the sink and held it over her ass. It didn’t cover much but it was better than nothing she supposed.

Cracking open the bathroom door, Jenny stuck her head out to make sure the coast was clear. Satisfied no one was around, she made a break for it - sprinting out the bathroom around the corner and up the stairs. As she opened Mike’s bedroom door she felt relief. Finally she was about to cover up for good. But then she rushed inside and ran face first into Calvin who was bent forward rummaging through the dresser. Surprised, Jenny fell backwards on her ass, her hands (and cover) flailing in the air. A shocked Calvin turned around then stared wide-eyes at the sight before him. Jenny was butt naked on the ground, her legs wide open, giving Calvin a clear view of her open pussy. After a moment Calvin gulped and looked away, fixing his eyes on the ceiling, at which point Jenny again realized the extent of her exposure and grabbed her crotch with both hands.

Calvin explained he had come up to get her some clothes. He said he was sorry for not letting her know about the wet shirt it was just that she was so beautiful - a sentiment that pissed Jenny off, but truth be told also made her heart flutter. Jenny slowly got up and tried to think of a flirty comment, now that she finally had a moment alone with Calvin when Brandon and Mike waltzed in. Mike, too drunk to fully appreciate the shit he was in let out a long whistle at the sight of a completely naked Jenny who whirled around clutching her breasts and crotch. Calvin handed Jennybthe clothes he’d picked out while Brandon and Mike stammered apologies for the parts they played in Jenny’s exposure, all the while watching her nude body slipping away from them and into the clothes. Jenny accepted their apologies, but, with a fire in her eyes swore she would have her revenge. A promise that only became more sure when - in the days to come she saw the pictures David had taken plastered over social media.

