The Curse of Arnford Manor

By Mythical Traveller
[mythmanxvi (at) hotmail.com]

CHAPTER VIII: Massacre


The Town Square, Holliston, NC
July 15th, 1931, 9:12pm.
The hands of the town hall clock were running amok. Its gears, charged with great 
amounts of dark energy were spinning wildly. The bourdon bell atop the clock tower, 
which normally only chimed to indicate the hour, was sounding persistently.

From every corner, every side street, men wandered into the well-lit town square to 
investigate the commotion. Their jaws dropped and their hearts began to race once 
they noticed the spectacle they had been summoned to admire.

Atop the facade of the town hall, just in front of the clock tower, Theresa Colby, the 
belle of Holliston stood stark naked. Her hips were swaying rhythmically from side to 
side, as if caught in a gentle breeze. Her hands were slowly caressing her creamy, 
virgin body. As scruffy, rough-looking men began to surround the town square, she 
gazed down at them with lusty eyes and grinned. They watched as she leaned over 
and began to shamelessly knead her sizeable breasts.

Hoo-ee! Im gonna get me some of that! One of the men in the crowd declared.

The hell you are! If anyones gonna pound that tight cunt itll be me! said another.

Yeah, not before me you aint! a third man insisted.

FUCK OFF! a fourth man roared as he punched the third man hard in the face. 
SHES MINE!

A riot ensued. Every man began attacking others at random, either with their bare 
hands, or with any implement they could find. Theresa Colbys favors were the 
implicit prize that awaited the absolute victor. Some revolvers began to go off amidst 
the fracas and bodies began to drop.

Theresa giggled girlishly as she watched hundreds of neighbors and life-long friends 
beating the crap out of each other, just for the opportunity to fuck her. Her dance grew 
even more provocative. 


------------------------------------

Room 4, Redford Inn, Holliston, NC
July 15th, 1931, 9:15pm
Its happening, Levinia muttered, starting to hyperventilate. The curse is growing... 
We cant stop it. Its too powerful! Its gonna consume us all! Were all gonna die! 
Theres nothing we can do... She layed down upon the bed, curled into the foetal 
position and began to rock back and forth while quietly reiterating her sense of 
hopelessness.

What? Nina responded in disbelief, rushing to Levinias side. Levinia, what are 
you saying? Of course we can stop the curse! We each have the power of the Goddess 
within us. Together we can beat it! Dont give up! Dont give in to its darkness!

Shes right! Demi interrupted. At first, Nina was encouraged by Demis words, but 
it turned out that she was agreeing with Levinia, not Nina. If we stand and fight the 
curse, well be destroyed... she asserted. With that, she cast her most powerful 
defensive spell upon herself: Medusas Refuge. Her entire body turned to solid stone, 
making it virtually indestructible. She was still aware of what was going on around 
her, but she couldnt move or cast any other magic.

Demi? Demi? Swift Coyote called, in panic. Demi! Wake up, we need you! 
Demi! he grabbed the statue-like witch by the shoulders and tried to shake her, but it 
was in vain. Medusas Refuge could only be undone when its subject was convinced 
that the mortal danger had passed.

Nerine! Cast a protective spell, now! Nina ordered as she kept trying to reassure 
Levinia.

No, came her sisters cold reply. Nina turned to discover that their suitcase of relics 
was wide open. Nerine stood beside it tightly clutching the covens golden athame, 
the long dagger used in their Great Rite ceremonies. I know your scheme and I 
shall not let you succeed, Nerine said in a voice dripping with bitterness. You mean 
to destroy my heir!

What? Nina cried, anxious and confused. Nerine, thats not tr...

I HAVE SEEN THE FUTURE! Nerine snarled, brandishing the athame in a 
threatening manner. Though it was strictly a ceremonial object, the athame was still 
very sharp and potentially lethal. MY DAUGHTER WILL BECOME THE MOST 
POWERFUL WITCH OUR COVEN HAS SEEN IN OVER A CENTURY! YOU 
CAN NOT STAND TO HAVE YOUR OWN BLOODLINE SO GREATLY 
OVERSHADOWED! But you will not take her! I will not let your jealousy destroy 
her!

Nerine, youre wrong! I would never hurt you or your children! Nina cried in 
anguish. Youre my sister! I love you! Nerine didnt believe her. Swift Coyote crept 
up silently behind Nerine, about to quickly disarm her. Nina shook her head 
nonchalantly to dissuade him. But Nerine saw the signal and turned the athame on 
Swift Coyote before he could get close to her.

You! she sneered.

Easy, Nerine, Easy, Swift Coyote responded, keeping his hands up where Nerine 
could see them.

You conspire with her to kill your own child? How could you? she said as she 
retreated to the corner, holding the athame out defensively with one hand and 
shielding her womb with the other.

Nina, what the hell is going on? Swift Coyote asked. Nina noticed several loose 
sticks of chalk in the open suitcase of spell-casting apparatus on the counter. She 
grabbed a couple.

Do you remember those protection sigils I taught you? she asked the Native 
American warrior.

Yes.

Good, she said, handing him a stick of chalk. Go, mark them against every 
entrance into this room! Every window, every air vent! Go! Now! Swift Coyote 
raced into the second bedroom to do as he was instructed, while Nina did likewise in 
the main bedroom, starting with the entrance to the room.

The power of the curse just increased dramatically, she shouted out to her lover, 
explaining the situation as they hurried to counter it. We call it a dark energy storm. 
Something very bad is happening nearby and the dark energy its generating is 
fuelling the curse. The corruption has gotten so strong that its breaking our wills, 
sapping us of our courage and trust in each other. She turned to face Nerine, who 
was still glaring at her with a foreboding scowl. Finished with the door, Nina raced 
over to begin marking the sigils around the window on the far side of the room.

So why havent we been affected? Swift Coyote called out from the other room.

If we dont hurry up and block out the dark energy, I think we will be soon, she 
answered. Swift Coyote and Nina finished inscribing the sigils and then returned to 
the main bedroom where the others were.

They havent changed, Swift Coyote noted. Levinia was indeed still crying on the 
bed, Demi was still like a statue and Nerine looked ready to make her last stand 
against him and Nina.

Yes, but they wont get any worse, Nina told him. That was the easy part. Now 
comes the hard part... Weve got to go out there and stop whatevers causing the 
storm. If the corruption continues to build it might overpower our sigil magic.

Okay, he agreed without hesitation. Ironically, Nina seemed more reluctant to go 
through with her own idea.

Go get me the rose oil out of Nerines potions case, she requested. Nerines potion 
case was in the other bedroom, for that was where Nerine had planned to sleep. By the 
time Swift Coyote had returned with the flask, Nina had unbuttoned the top buttons of 
her dress, enough to expose the middle of her chest. She poured a couple drops of the 
oil on to her right index finger and urged Swift Coyote to do likewise. Then, with the 
oil on her finger, she marked a sacred sigil of unity upon her lovers chest, while 
guiding him on how to paint the same symbol on her chest. Once they were done, 
Nina drew him close for a long, tender kiss.

Our love is our shield, she told him. It strengthens our souls and gives us resilience 
against the dark feelings that the curse will try to infect us with. Just keep thinking 
about how much I love you. I will do the same and well be able to walk through the 
storm without succumbing to it. Swift Coyote nodded. He knew that even though 
they were protected from the disheartening magic, there were doubtlessly many 
physical dangers awaiting them outside.

He grabbed his bow and arrow-filled quiver and then he and Nina set out, with 
Nerines suspicious eyes trained on them until they closed the door behind them.

The inn was only fifty yards or so from one corner of the town square. Upon stepping 
out of the building, Nina and Swift Coyote naturally followed the sounds of the 
mindless riot. When they got to the edge of the town square, they stood by and 
watched in horror.

Hundreds of men, many of whom were already covered in blood, beating the living 
daylights out of each other like rabid animals. Nina even caught sight of the elderly 
drug store clerk, running around shirtless and swinging a baseball bat at whoever was 
within range.

Dear Goddess! Nina exclaimed.

This is what we have to stop? Swift Coyote groaned with exasperation.

Wait... said Nina, Up there, in front of the tower... She pointed at the distant 
figure, who was dancing and writhing naked above the carnage. By the Goddess! 
Thats Theresa Colby!

Who?

Gerald Colbys daughter, Nina explained. I just saw her this afternoon. She was 
the meekest creature...  and very committed to her stringent sexual ethics. She would 
never have been bold enough to exhibit herself like that. Something else is making 
her do that!

Theresa Colby was rubbing her gorgeous body vigorously and squeezing its supplest 
places. She turned around and bent over periodically, so the men could see her 
glistening snatch winking at them. Seemingly aroused by the bloodshed before her, 
she masturbated herself to orgasm over and over, serenading the brutes below with 
her coos and vocal moans.

This town was already filled with resentment, Nina remarked, Theresas aroused 
their basest desires and introduced a sense of competition. Thats whats triggered the 
violence. If were gonna calm these people down, we need to take her out of the 
equation.

Nina channelled her magic into the lights surrounding the town square and blew out 
every light bulb. The bangs and the sudden darkness distracted the mob for a second, 
but they soon resumed their brawl. The men could still see Theresa, writhing in the 
moonlight, waiting for them to come and claim her.

No good, Nina sighed. Shes still encouraging them. We have to get her off that 
ledge!

Wed never make it through that square, wed be dead in ten seconds, Swift Coyote 
pointed out. Well have to go the long way around and sneak in through the back.

All right, lets go. They jogged over to a thin alleyway between two nearby 
buildings. In their haste, they stray too close to the edge of the riot and were noticed 
by a couple of tough-looking men who moved to block their path. They leered at 
Ninas body with cocky smirks.

Well, lookee what we have here, the taller guy said. Her titties aint so big, but Ill 
still give her pussy a good humpin. Outta my way, Crazy Horse! he ordered Swift 
Coyote, who stood between himself and Nina. Swift Coyote advanced on the vulgar 
man and knocked him to the ground with a hard right hook. After easily dodging a 
punch from the second man, Swift Coyote lifted him off the ground and hurled him in 
to a nearby pair of trashcans.

Sorry. Me no understand strange paleface words, he retorted indignantly to the two 
dazed thugs.

Come on! Nina beckoned as she dashed into the dark alley. Swift Coyote followed 
close behind. They made their way through the deceptively peaceful back streets of 
the town center until they reached the rear of town hall. After breaking in through a 
back door, they hurriedly found their way up to the clock tower. They had climbed 
one level up the tower when they came upon a large, open window. Theresa Colby 
was right outside, cavorting around on a narrow ledge.

Swift Coyote snuck up silently behind her and quickly dragged her back inside where 
the rioters below could not see her. She squirmed furiously, growling through 
clenched teeth as Swift Coyote held her in the sleeper hold. After a few seconds, her 
body went completely limp.

The fighting hasnt stopped! Nina reported, peering cautiously out the window. 
We cant just let them beat each other to death... Suddenly, there was a furious 
pounding upon the front door of the building.

I think some people have noticed that the dance act was cancelled, Swift Coyote 
remarked.

If we had Nerine, she could summon a tranquil shower, to cool their anger, Nina 
thought aloud. The pounding below grew more desperate and was accompanied by 
the sounds of glass being smashed.

Well, we dont have Nerine! Swift Coyote snapped. Nina, we need to get out of 
here, now!

Wait... I can stop it, she assured him. Though Nina seemed reluctant, Swift Coyote 
nodded in agreement. He layed Theresa Colby upon the floor and loaded his bow, 
preparing to defend his beloved companion against any attackers who might come up 
the stairs.

Nina stepped up to the window and extended her arms out towards the rioter. She 
called forth a strong burst of magic, but only tiny sparks fizzled from her fingers. The 
dark energy storm had drastically weakened her powers. She gazed up at the full 
moon and quietly prayed, Goddess, give your daughter strength in this dark hour. 
After taking three deep breaths, she thought about the courageous man by her side, 
who loved her deeply and probably trusted her abilities even more than she did. With 
that, Nina cast her spell again. This time, a large fireball shot from her hand.

One after another, she hurled her fireballs into the town square, deliberately missing 
the people. She didnt want to harm them, just scatter them. Every fireball hit the 
ground with a thunderous boom. It didnt take long for every man to abandon the feud 
and flee the town center as fast as he could run. The sounds of people trying to break 
in through the front door ceased immediately. Phrases like, Judgement Day! and, 
The sky is falling! were shouted repeatedly by the terrified townspeople as they 
raced home.

Nina felt terrible about what she was doing. Centuries earlier, thousands of her witch 
ancestors had been burned at the stake, due to the widespread misconception that 
witches were evil monsters. Since those times, the greatest taboo within the witch 
community was to use ones magic to incite terror amongst the populace. Nina 
consoled herself somewhat with the knowledge that her actions were doing more good 
than harm.

Within a minute, the town square was cleared. Nina looked over the silent square and 
bowed her head in sorrow. There were many bodies down there, lying on the ground 
completely motionless. 


------------------------------------

Room 4, Redford Inn, Holliston, NC
July 15th, 1931, 9:48pm
Nerine ran her fingers all around Theresa Colbys head and shoulders in a seemingly 
random pattern, as she attempted to diagnose the young womans ailment. Theresa, 
who was in a deep sleep had been tucked snugly into the rooms single bed.

The dark energy storm was over and Ninas sisters had all returned to normal. The 
curse had grown more powerful, thanks to the massacre in the town square. But the 
spiritual corruption over Holliston was far weaker now than it had been during the 
peak of the riot.

Soul toxin, Nerine informed her four companions, who had been waiting quietly for 
her to finish her examination. It sickens the soul, compelling the victim to say and do 
things they would ordinarily find reprehensible. That... is stage one. In stage two, it 
goes after the body. Shes got a rough few days ahead of her.

How would she have been exposed to this soul toxin, Swift Coyote asked.

Its not like its something you can squeeze from a weed, or milk from a vipers 
fangs, Nerine answered. You need to start out with a substance thats inherently 
magical, and then you need to cast dark magic upon it. This woman didnt just happen 
to take the toxin by accident. Someone did this to her.

Serina Arnford! Levinia declared with absolute certainty. It has to be! It cant be a 
coincidence that this all happened one day after she caught us snooping around her 
home. She knows weve come to break the curse and so she engineered that dark 
energy storm to destroy us before we succeed!

It is said that soul toxin makes a person more suggestible to dark forces, Nerine 
agreed.

I dont get it. If shes after us, why doesnt she just attack us herself? Swift Coyote 
asked.

One of the cons of being a curse-spawn, Nina explained. Her influence over the 
physical world is extremely limited, now. If she wants something done here, she has 
to rely on her ability to manipulate people.

Well, if she was trying to stop us, she failed, Demi remarked. But shes started this 
town on the road to self-destruction. Were past the tipping point, now. You two have 
stalled it for a few hours, she told Nina and Swift Coyote. But unless we do 
something about the seething hatred here, this whole town will be reduced to 
smouldering ruins and corpses by midday!

Do we know enough now to design a cleansing ritual? Nina asked Nerine. Nerine 
paced around for a moment, deep in thought.

The curse was created... by a forbidden act of betrayal, she said. So... It would 
seem that the way to counter it... would be with a sacred gesture of loyalty. After 
thinking about her own conclusion for a moment, she turned to Nina and smiled. It 
didnt take Nina long to realize what Nerine was thinking.

Wow... she responded, suddenly very flustered. We... we havent even talked 
about it... she chuckled as her gaze darted back and forth between Nerine and Swift 
Coyote.

I wont tell you what to do, Nerine said. But if you decide to go ahead with it, you 
have to sincerely want it to happen. It wont work if you only do it to break the 
curse.

Nina gazed at Swift Coyote and after considering Nerines wise words, gave him a 
loving smile.

