Daga, Mahesh, Jake and Marcus help me teach my wife a lesson
By Bhuralund@gmail.com

I was pissed at her for being so rude to my friends at a party we were at. They were just flirting with her a little like young-virile men that they are and she got upset. She is always like this so uptight about herself and her fuckin' stupid ideals. I just stood there looking like a moron. Jake, one of my colleagues, saw that I was upset and took me to a corner and tried to cheer me up, "Oh com'on BL, wives are like that. Mine is as fucked up too." Marcus, another guy from work, joined us too and added his opinion, "Naw bro. These damn women need to be taught a lesson." 

"How can I teach her a lesson," I asked them - well to tell the truth I am not the best of friends with them but I was hot in my head and I was pissed with so much alcohol. 

Marcus laughed, "Leave it to me. I will devise a plan and make her regret her behavior today." Then he winked at Jake and me. Suddenly I felt like I was finally accepted in my new office and I winked too. Then we laughed heartily. After a while, Marcus got me a drink and asked me to hand it to my wife. "What's in it dude," I asked and he just laughed, "trust me it's not poison even if you want it to be!" I laughed too and staggered over to my wife who was still surrounded by all the men even though she was bad-mouthing then (still!). They seemed to like this behavior of hers. If you leave this rudeness aside, my wife is pleasing to the eyes and her big tits and ample ass never goes unnoticed at malls and shopping arcades. Today she was wearing her favorite hot black dress which barely covers her upper thighs and each time she bent down to pick up stuff for the guys (come to think of it, they were dropping a lot of stuff and shouldn't they be picking up their stuff) her white lacy panties were clearly visible from a certain angle. I didn't interfere so far because I thought this was their way of taking revenge and a little bit of eyeful of her booty won't hurt her!

Anyway, I approached her and handed her the drink. "Thanks honey," she cooed sexily, "You are so cute, and docile compared to your rowdy and ill-mannered colleagues." She sipped the green colored drink, and all of the guys laughed lewdly. She gulped the drink down and Marcus offered her another one, which went down as fast as the first one. She staggered a bit and Jake put his arms around her waist to stop her fall. But accidentally (I thought it was intentional) he bent down more than necessary and she toppled over landing entirely in his big black strong arms. This was greeted with cheers (someone tell me why?) and all the guys gathered opposite me...then I realized that they were getting another perfect view of my wife's panty-clad pussy. Let them be so childish, I thought.

There must have been something in the drink because after that moment, my wife just went haywire. She started dancing with the same men she was abusing. When she came back to me after two dances, her dress had ridden up. I would have smoothened it down but I was still pissed with her and thought never mind let people see her like this. Serves her right. When she turned around to look for a bar stool, I realized that the zip of her dress was half done but I didn't tell her just to make a fool of her. Mahesh, one of my colleagues from India, came up to say hello to me. He stood behind my wife with his big black hands on my wife's creamy white shoulders. All the while he was chatting to me, his hands were rubbing her shoulders and she was sitting there wasted, smoking a long cigarette. Then out of the blue, Mahesh stopped talking to me and asked her, "You wanna dance with me?" Even before she said anything he whisked her off the stool and led her to the area where everyone was dancing. When they were leaving, I saw, to the delight of my still pissed head, Mahesh unhooked my wife's bra from the open zipper.

I tried to see them dance but it was too dark. Anyway I got busy talking to the barman who was this nice black man from Bahamas. The dude was working part-time as a bartender at private parties like the one we were at to pay for his education. He said he was 25 but I thought he was a hell lot older than that. He was just wearing a pair of Bermudas and a singlet and his biceps were bulging each time he mixed a drink. "Mate, I have been lonely here," he said, "Do you mind if I have a dance with your sweet lady?" Sure, I said nursing another drink and a cigarette. So when my wife came back from a dance with Mahesh, Daga, the bartender asked her if she was tired and wanted to rest. I thought what the fuk, he wanted to dance with her! But anyway my wife did look like she needed some rest, she was pooped. She couldn't stand on her two feet. Daga pulled her up and tried to carry her to a room but couldn't, I was damned to have to help the bitch but as if god was on my side, Mahesh came rushing by and offered to help. I was so pissed that I didn't even thank him.  But a few minutes later, I realized that how stupid I had been to have not thanked him so I got up somehow and started looking for Mahesh. 

I couldn't find him so I went to look for my wife so that we could just get the hell out of this stupid party. I found them in the pantry adjoining the kitchen. My wife was lying on a high bench and Mahesh's black hands were holding my wife's ears tightly and his 9-inch long and 4-inch wide uncut cock was assaulting her once ruby red mouth. She seemed conscious but didn't seem to understand what was happening. But she let Mahesh fuck her mouth happily. Daga was behind her, his never ending fat black nigger cock giving my wife the vaginal probe. The blue-black uncut cock was coated with my wife's pussy slime. And he was banging her hairy cunt to all his virile worth. I stood there aghast and open mouthed as Daga uttered some incomprehensible nonsense in a high-pitched voice and slammed his nigger cock balls-deep in my wife's hungry pussy. His ass clenched and muscles twitched as he blasted his baby-making man-juice in my wife's pussy. As his big orgasm ended, he squeezed the root of his cock to get every single drop of cum out in my wife's pussy. Then he pulled out, leaving a wide open gap in my wife's fucked up pussy. A big dollop of his thick gooey sperm landed on his fingers and as he stuffed his softening and still pushing 10-inch cock in his Bermudas, he passed me standing dumbfounded at the door and without me realizing pushed his cum in my mouth. All I could do was to lick my lips and watch Mahesh shift from my wife's slack mouth to her slimy but still fuckable pussy. 

"BL," he gestured me to come over, and as I moved closed in a trance, "Help me clean this slimy mess," he said and pushed my head towards my wife's freshly fucked pussy. I was forced by my Indian colleague to clean the nigger's cum from my wife's pussy. I was disgusted but Mahesh was too strong for me and I HAD to clean the slimey sperm otherwise I couldn't breathe.

Once it was clean enough, Mahesh stabbed my wife's pussy with his nine-inch long Indian cock. He fucked her like it was his last fuck and my wife's body bucked under him. When he was done, he pushed me down and wiped his cum-coated cock on my face and left. I was still lapping my wife pussy (at my own initiative this time) when Marcus and Jake appeared. They were slowly stroking their black cocks  and I watched open-mouthed as Jake pushed his 11-inch black monster in my mouth, "Get it ready fagot and then we will help you take revenge from your bitch of a wife." Well, I had to do as they asked me as it was anyway my own idea to teach her a lesson. And then, well, I sort of started hoping that with Jake, Marcus, Daga and Mahesh on my side, I could make this revenge a lifelong one.

