Hello
I'm Sumitha. Now 26 years. I think I'm good looking. 36 32 38. We live in an old house. My Mama (uncle) visits my house occasionally. He live with his parents and a daughter of 9 years. He is 42 years old. His wife died of long illness. So he visits our family to get some relief from his loneliness.

One Saturday he came to our house and spent night there. That day by some reason I felt more tired and go to bed early. At night about 10, I woke for going to urinal. When I came outside room I noticed that there was light in mama's room. His room was next to mine. I think that he may forget to switch off. I came down to bath room because we have only a common bath room that is in the ground floor. My parents are sleeping in the ground floor bedroom. I returned to upstairs after going to bath room. The light is on in Mama's room. The peeping mentality of mine grown up after seeing my parents fuck. (I'll tell the incident later.) I know nothing was there in his room. Then also I was eager to see his bed room. I go near to his room on silent steps. The door was not fully closed. Between the two doors the light is coming outside. He was reading a book. I had never seen him reading book. I think that may some novel. He turned the page. At that time I saw a picture in it. I clearly see that it is a nude picture of man and women. I amazed to see it. I can't believe that he is reading a sex book. I never seen sex book then. I can't imagine that a nude photo will publish in a book. In between these thoughts I noticed that his right hand is in between his thighs. He is wearing a lungi only. I see that he is holding his cock and moving the hand to and fro slowly. I can't see the full length of the cock. The lungi hides some portion. He turned 2-3 pages. It is full of color photos. After some time he put the book there. I fear that he may wake and come. I hide a little in the door shade. No. he is not waking. He lay on his back. He removed his lungi to both sides. Ho, how huge his cock is! It is very thick also. Beneath it there was hair. He is moving his hand to and fro on his cock. I saw pre cum oozing out. With the finger he oiled the drops on his shaft. I can see his veins bulging on his cock. The cock tip is bulging in reddish color when he moves hand to downwards. He closed his eyes and concentrated in hand job. The movements get fast. His hips began to push up. His face and cock are blushing. He began to work fast.
What to tell about me. I'm so hot and my pussy is leaking. I feel wetness on my thighs. As I to return to my room my hand touched on the door in worry and made a sound. He hurriedly looked upon the door and seeing me moving he covered his cock with lungi. He wake up and came out to see who it is. at that time I went back to my room as running. My heart beat hard. I fell on the bed. Forget to close door. I feared that he may see me. I noticed that mama came out his room and moving towards my room. I closed my eyes as I'm sleeping. But my eyes not fully closed and I'm noticing his movements. He stopped near my door. My breathing speed going fast of anxiety. I feel my boobs move up and down. He may know that I'm not sleeping and I enjoyed his masturbation. He entered in the room and came near the coat. I can't control myself. My body began to shiver of fear and anxiety. I think that he will dare me of peeping in his room.
He leaned towards my face and may he understand that I'm not sleeping. He put his hand on my left boob. My body began to shiver. He moved his hands upon my boob. Seeing no response from me he just pressed. My heart was beating in high level. I don't know what to do. My pussy is oozing. First I thought to resist him. But my hand is not moving. I feel that my body is wanted to enjoy the new feeling. He put his next hand on my right boob. He massaged and pressed the boobs upon the maxi. A sound came out unknowingly from my mouth with pleasure. He understands that I'm enjoying. He leaned forward and gently kissed on my lips. His warm breath touched on my face. I'm getting hotter. He continued kissing. At the same time he removed my maxi hooks. Put his hand inside and began to press my soft boobs. First time another hand touching my boobs. His hand feels so strengths. My every hair on my body stands up. My nipples began to erect. My pussy had a great feeling. He was sucking my lips.
He kissed downward to my neck. Then he kissed on my breast and boobs. He sucked my boobs one by one. He squeezed boobs hardly. His right hand moved down on my thighs. He now is lying near me on the bed. He moved my maxi upwards slowly. I'm shivering. My hand moved upon his shoulders. I tried to hold him close to me. I want to crush my body by him. Every part of my body wants to squeeze. The maxi came up to my waist. His hand is move on my smooth thighs. He squeezing and pressing it. There was no panty and bra. His hand moved to my hairy pussy. He moved his hand over the hair. He touched my pussy lips. I thrilled. It is all wet. His fingers moved there. He pressed on the clit. OOOHHHHH... What a pleasure. My hips moved up. He played with my clits and entered a finger in the pussy. His finger slipped inside easily as it is wet. He moved his finger in and out. UUUUMMMM..... He removed the maxi up to my breast. His lips moved down. He kissed beneath the boobs, then on the stomach and the naval. His tongue moved inside the naval. My hips move up to accept it more depth.
His one hand was crushing my boobs, another in my pussy and his tongue in my naval. My whole body was in a wild motion. He kneeled and his lips moved to my pussy. His legs are near my breast. I removed his lungi. His cock is hanging down. How big one. It may 7 inches length and 3 inches thickness. I caught it. How hard it was! It trembled in my hand. It is wet with his juice. Tip of the cock is so smooth. I moved hand on it. It is hairy beneath it. My hand moved to and fro. It is very smooth because of wetness. (After many years I came to know that Muslim cocks have no skin on the top (it is circumsised). So the hand moves freely. Other's cock have foreskin which helps to enter the cock in the pussy smoothly.)
He tongued my clit and pussy. He is licking and sucking. My whole body shivers. I feel some blasting in the pussy. I want his tongue more deep in the pussy. I pressed his head in to the pussy .My another hand playing with his cock. I need something more hard inside my pussy. My pussy wants of deep thrust. I pushed his head. I pulled him on my top. He is breathing deep. He kissed me hard, crushed my boobs. He removed my maxi over my head. Now we both are full nude.
His cock is near my thighs. I take it and put the cock near the opening of the pussy. He pressed the cock. It enters. AAAAHHH....Pain.. I cried. But sound not came out. My lips are inside his lips. I tried to remove his cock. But his full body is upon me. I can't move. He is crushing my boobs. He squeezes nipples. I'm in a dual feeling. Pain and pleasure. His playing on my boobs makes me hotter. My hips began to thrust up. He takes back his cock a little and pushed hard. UMMAAAAAAAAAAAA...I cried. Half of the cock was inside. I feared that my pussy will split. What a huge cock. It will not enter, I think so. I tried to remove his cock. But I can't move to his playing method. After a while he took the cock out a little and pushed hard. ALLAAAAHHH.... His cock is spearing my pussy. He rests a while. I feel a little relief. He began to move his cock to and fro inside my pussy. Same time he kissing and fondling my boobs.
He pumped his cock in my pussy I caught him tight. His speed of pumping cock getting faster. I feel his cock is touching my throat. OOOOHHHHH... Some reactions take place inside my pussy. . His hips are working as a machine. He crushes my pussy. My pussy lips are encircling his cock. We both are making noises. HHHHAAA.... UUMMMAA... MAMA.. KILL MEEEE....CHAKKARA MOLE MAMA SUKIPPIKKAMETIIII....OOOHHH....UUUUMMMM... I'm flying into the heaven of joy. My body is moving on his every stroke on my pussy. He pushes hard. His speed of his thrust comes down. He makes noise and thrusts with small gaps. Inside my boob a blast take place...UMMMAAAAA..... Tears come from my eyes. Oh. What a pleasure! He pushed hard. HHHAAA. He pumped his juice inside me. He stroked inside my pussy. He kept his cock there awhile and another thrust. His drops are filling my pussy. We both are breathing deeply as if gasping. We both filled with swept. We are wet in and out with pussy - cock juices and swept. He fell on my top. I encircled him with my hands. What a satisfaction! It is wordless to describe the great feeling. It is only enjoyable. After a while Mama kissed on my cheeks and returned to his room. I slept with tired and great pleasure. This is the beginning of my sexual enjoyment. I enjoyed every chance that I get after my first sex.