Ten Dollar Pussy by Chris Hailey, Copyright 2019

Story codes: b12g12, bbg, prost, rom

Summary: When the boys find out that the new girl in school offered to have sex with Stevie for ten dollars, they head right over to her house.

==============

Disclaimer
If it is not legal for you to access this story, you must leave immediately.

This story is fictional and is considered by the author to be a work of art. While the story may contain scenes that some readers might consider prurient, these scenes are intended to advance the author's artistic goals. All characters and events are fictional and all reader comments are understood to be fictional and fantasy.

This story contains written fictional fantasy material that may be objectionable to some readers and may be illegal in some jurisdictions. This may include, but is not limited to: 1) Written fantasy depictions of minors engaged in sexual activity, including sexual activity with adults; 2) Written fantasy depictions of incest; 3) Occasionally, written fantasy depictions of rape and abusive behavior. If you find any of these subjects objectionable, or if they have been determined to be or may be determined to be obscene or otherwise illegal in your jurisdiction, you must leave immediately.

This story is intended for adult readers only. If you are not of legal age to read erotica in your jurisdiction, you must leave immediately.

Thank you,
~CH

=================





The two boys were reclining on a grassy hill in McMullen Park, their bikes lying haphazardly nearby. One of them had a stalk of grass seed in his mouth.

"You know that new girl Monique?" Michael, the boy with the grass seed stalk, asked Brandon, the other boy.

"The mixed chick, with the curly hair?" Brandon answered. "Yeah, she's cute!"

"Yeah she is! And nice boobs, too!"

"No kidding." Boob talk was always a favorite topic for Michael and Brandon, as it was for almost all twelve year old boys. Particularly, a detailed discussion of which girl at school had the nicest boobs, or which the biggest (usually the same girl, of course), occupied a good deal of their thoughts. To that end, Brandon added, "She must have the biggest tits in the whole sixth grade!"

"Definitely. Not a lot of competition, but..."

Both boys laughed. "True!" Brandon said.

"Anyway, Stevie said that Monique said that he could have sex with her for ten dollars."

"What? No way! Ten dollars?!?"

"Yeah!"

"Did he do it?" Brandon asked.

"No," Michael answered. "He doesn't have any money."

"Shit. You guys need to mow some lawns or something! I've got lots of money."

"You do?" Michael asked. "How much? 'Cause Stevie said that Monique said that if he ever gets ten dollars, he should go over to her house and she'll have sex with him."

"Shit." Brandon paused, looking squint-eyed at his friend. "Do you think..."

"We should go over to her house right now!" Michael practically shouted, with enthusiasm.

"Do you have ten dollars, too?" Brandon asked his friend.

"No. You should loan it to me!"

Brandon laughed. "I don't think so. I've only got one ten dollar bill on me right now, and if anyone's gonna have sex with her, it's me!"

Michael made a disgruntled face. "I guess I could watch."

"I guess." Brandon thought that sounded weird, but, whatever.

"Well, do you want to go over to her house and see if she's serious?" Michael asked him.

"I dunno. You really think she's serious?"

"Why not? Some girls are total sluts, right?"

"Maybe, older girls," Brandon answered. "But not twelve year old girls. None that I know anyway."

"Well, if we don't ask her, we'll never find out, right?" Michael reasoned.

"I guess," Brandon said. "I just don't want to, you know, offend her or anything." 

"Why would she be offended? She's the one that told Stevie that she'd do it for ten bucks."

"Assuming Stevie isn't lying," Brandon said.

"Why would Stevie lie?" Michael asked. "He's not a liar."

Brandon nodded. He had to admit that much was true.

Michael stood up. "Com'on, let's go!" Brandon got up, too, and they both got on their bikes and started riding to the new girl's house.

"What'll we do if her parents are home?" Brandon asked Michael as they rode out of the park.

"I don't know…" was Michael's non-answer.

"I guess we just ask her if she wants to go for a bike ride..."

"Yeah..."

The boys' concern proved valid, a couple minutes later, when they knocked on the door to Monique's house. An imposingly large man of African American descent leered down at the two boys, who were already much smaller than the man, but were now made even smaller still by the fact that they stood a step below him on the stairs to the front door of the house.

"Yeah?" the man said as he answered the door, looking down at them with a scowl. "Whaddaya want?"

"We're here to see Monique," Brandon squeaked.

The guy squinted at them for a moment, like he was being highly judgmental. Then he turned and bellowed up the stairs in a very loud and low voice, "Monique!"

"Yeah?" A distant voice returned, sounding a bit annoyed. 

"There's two kids here to see you!"

A minute later, the girl came skipping down the stairs. As Brandon watched her quite-ample bosom bounce, despite its apparent restraint behind a bra, his heart raced. Is it really possible that he would soon be having sex with this hottie? It seemed entirely unlikely. She was so cute!--her hair a mop of dark ringlets bobbing around her cherub face, her eyes a beautiful light brown flaked with greenish sparkles, her nose and cheeks broad and round, her lips a wet dark pink. Anyone who watched her face light with a genuine friendly smile when she saw the boys would have felt a heartwarming admiration for the girl. 

Though her face was angelic, her body, Brandon couldn't help thinking as he watched her descend the stairs, was something else entirely. It filled his mind with sinful thoughts. She was short, compared to Brandon at least, who was one of the tallest boys in class, but she wasn't small. One might politely call her "ample-framed." And she carried it well; indeed, to Brandon, her weight contributed perfectly to her sexiness, which she exuded with a carefree casualness, as evidenced by the tight tee shirt she wore that clung perfectly to her curves, and a pair of skinny jeans that showed off her widening hips and, if he had been lucky enough to have a backside view, her perfectly large round ass. In conclusion, to Brandon's way of thinking, this girl's body was miles beyond anyone else's in the sixth grade. Her face might look young and pure, but her body didn't look like it was twelve years old at all, and chasity was not what came to mind when one's eyes soaked in this girl's beauty. Until now, Brandon had been somewhat hesitant at the idea of paying Monique for sex. He wasn't hesitating anymore.

"Oh! Hi, Michael!" She said in a sing-song accent that bespoke the fact that she was a new transplant to their town. "And..." She looked at Brandon, apparently not knowing, or forgetting, his name.

"Brandon," he said.

"Oh, sure, right, Brandon!"

"We were wondering if you'd want to go for a bike ride," Michael said, not missing a beat in implementing Plan B even while the large black man still loomed above them.

"Sure!"

"Just be home for dinner," the man said with a grunt.

"Yes, Clem." She stood up on tiptoes and kissed him on the cheek, and they were out the door. 

"So," Michael said, when they were a block away from her house, "I was talking with Stevie..."

"Oh!"  She stopped her bike. "So [i]that's[/i] what this is about!" She stood with her feet on either side of the bicycle. "He told you what I said?"

Brandon was amazed and disappointed. He was disappointed, because it did indeed seem like him and Michael had offended her, which he was worried about. But he was also amazed, because it sure seemed like she was confirming that Stevie wasn't lying.

"So is it true?" Michael asked. "You'll have sex for ten dollars?"

She looked st Michael, narrowing her eyes, then at Brandon. She didn't look very happy. But after a moment, she said, "What, do you guys have money?"

Brandon was about to tell her "no," and bail out of the entire experience, but before he could do that, Michael answered. "I don't, but Brandon does."

Monique looked directly at Brandon, dark brown eyes piercing into him. "You have ten dollars?"

"Um, yeah..."

"And you want to have sex?"

"Um..."

"Of course!" Michael practically shouted his response. 

The girl turned to look at him. "But you don't have any money, right? 'Cause you have to pay, too, if you want some."

"I know," Michael answered, sounding disappointed. "I guess I can just watch."

She shrugged her shoulders, then turned back to Brandon. "Where do you want to do it?" 

Brandon started to stammer some kind of nervous reply, but Monique started talking first. "We can't do it at my house. Not when my stepdad's home.  He doesn't let boys go up to my room, and he'll kill you if he finds out."

"What about your house, Brandon?" Michael volunteered. "Are your parents home?"

"My mom is," he answered. "I guess... I don't think she'll mind if we hang out in my room."

"Awesome!"

"Okay," Monique said. "Let's go."

Brandon's heart lept into his throat and his cock surged to full erection. Shit, she's really gonna do it!



"Hi, Mom!" Brandon hollered, trying to act calm and cool as they walked into his house. "This is Monique. We're going up to my room to play Pokemon."

"Okay, have fun." Brandon's mom said as she rounded the corner to the entryway, drying her hands on a dish towel. "Nice to meet you, Monique."

"Nice to meet you, too, Mrs..." Monique replied over her shoulder as she followed the boys up the stairs.

"Hanson," the woman said.

"...Mrs. Hanson."

Once they were in Brandon's room, with the door firmly closed, Monique turned to him. "Let me see the ten dollars," she said, very matter-of-fact. 

The boy took a crumpled bill from his pocket and handed it to her. She unfolded it, looked at it, then folded it neatly in half and stuck it in the pocket of her jeans.

"How do you want to do it?" she asked, already unbuttoning her pants. 

When he didn't answer, but just looked at her with his eyes wide and his mouth parly open, she said, "So is this your first time?" 

He nodded. 

"Oh. Then I suppose we should just do it the normal way." She peeled her pants and panties down while the boys watched, dumbfounded, as she revealed a surprisingly full bush between her legs. Once she had them off, she climbed onto Brandon's bed. "Come on," she said to him, a bit of impatience in her voice.

Brandon quickly pulled his own pants and underwear off, then climbed onto the bed as well. He was a bit embarrassed, since his cock was already rock hard, like it had been from the moment the girl agreed to the crazy idea. But, at least he'd entered puberty earlier than most of his friends, and so he had a decently large cock, and even had good bit of hair himself. 

Monique lay back and spread her legs as Brandon climbed on top of her. Not knowing at all what to do, he just poked his cock around a bit between her legs, his heart on fire. 

"Here," she said, "hold on." She licked her fingers, then reached down between her legs. A moment later, she was gripping Brandon's cock and pulling him into her.

The boy let out a long, breathy moan as his cockhead burrowed into her warm vagina. He still had no real idea what to do, but his body took over and he started rutting, and shortly his cock was sliding deep into her. 

Apparently unfazed, even disinterested, by having a boy inside her, Monique looked over at Michael while Brandon held himself up above her on both hands, finally managing to get some rhythm to his rocking hips. "You should stand by the door," she said to Michael, "in case Mrs. Henson tries to come it." He nodded and moved back a couple of steps, so that he was leaning against the door while he watched his friend smiling with delight at the pleasure of driving in and out of the first pussy of his life.

The girl looked up at the happy boy above her, and smiled herself, the first hint that she might actually be enjoying herself a bit. "Hey Brandon," she said, "I don't this Mike can see much. Maybe we should let him look at my tits while we fuck?"

"...If... you... want..." Brandon panted. Michael, of course, nodded enthusiastically.

"It's your ten dollars," she said to the boy above her. "You get to choose. You want my tits out?"

Brandon, in nonverbal ecstasy now, joined his friend in the nodding.

Monique giggled and pulled her tight teeshirt up, and her bra, too, and out came two creamy brown grapefruit-sized breasts that were bouncing in rhythm with Brandon's thrusting hips. She cupped her hands under them, holding them up, and then  smiled over at Michael as she started pinching and rolling her large brown nipples.

"I love showing my tits off!" she said to Michael, who by now was rubbing his dick through his pants. "And it feels good to play with my nipples!"

The sight of Monique's big and beautiful twelve year old girls was more than poor Brandon could take. He was panting and grunting and ramming his cock into her cunt with all the subtlety you would expect from an overanxious schoolboy having sex for the first time.

Her brown eyes twinkled up at him. "You gonna cum, Brandon?"

He nodded, eyes going wide.

"Come on, finish up! Hurry before your mom catches us!"

"Oh God! I'm... I'm gonna...!"

"Hurry! Cum in my slutty cunt, Brandon!"

All the poor guy could do was slam in deep, just as he started spurting semen. "Uggggh!"

"Shhhh!" Monique said, grinning and covering his mouth.

When he'd finished cumming and pulled out of her, she smiled up at him as she fit her breasts back in her bra and pulled the teeshirt down again. "You seemed to enjoy yoursef!" she said. "Was it was worth the money?"

"Yeah..." he panted. "Totally!"

"Sweet!" She reached down and wiped her spent pussy with her hand, looked at the smear of his cum on her fingers, then wiped them off on the bedsheet. "It seemed like you came a whole lot," she said.

"I guess."

"I think you need to cum more often! Whenever you have ten more dollars, you should just snapchat me. Sexxxymonique2000. With three xs."

"I will!" he said as the two of them started putting their pants back on.

"Good! I'm trying to get enough money for a Nintendo Switch, so, whenever you want, we can do it again."

Brandon nodded. "I have lots of money I saved up from mowing lawns and stuff. I'll snapchat you!"

"What about you?" she said to Michael as the three of them started into the hallway. "When are you gonna get ten bucks?"

"I don't know."

"Well, if you just get five, I'll give you a blow job."

"Really?!?"

"Sure. I don't really like giving blow jobs, but I need the money."

With that, they went back downstairs.

"I hope you kids had fun!" Brandon's mom said.

"We did!"



Brandon snapchatted Monique the very next day. 

"Come over quick," she wrote back. "I'm alone, but my stepdad will be home soon."

The ten dollar bill exchanged, Monique just unceremoniously dropped her pants and climbed onto the bed. Brandon was considerably less nervous this time than the first, and so he was bottomless himself and on top of her at about the same moment that she climbed on the bed. His enthusiasm made her giggle. Then she helped him enter her again, and he was shortly rutting away like a buck in heat.

"Ooooh!" the girl cooed as Brandon's cock slid along inside her. "I like having sex with you!"

"You do??" He panted in amazement.

"Yeah," she said, lifting her hips in rhythm with his pumping. "You're way sweeter than my... than other guys!"

"I am???"

"Yeah, you're... you're not as rough as he is. And..." As she spoke, she pulled her shirt up and flipped her bra cups above her breasts, and her sweet brown globes were bare again. She pulled at her teats between her thumbs and fingers. "And you fit perfectly! Ooooooh!"

With Monique cumming underneath him, Brandon didn't have much hope of lasting any longer this time than he did before. Her pussy seemed tailor-made to milk him just as quickly as she could. But his hormone-infused young testicles didn't need any extra priming; as she moaned beneath him, he lifted his head in the air and bellowed in full and unrestrained pleasure as the first big shot of cum exploded into her cunt. When he finally pulled out of her, after several big shots had drained his balls, she giggled.

"You cum so much!" She wiped her pussy with her hand. "You make me totally messy!"

"Oh, sorry," he said, sheepishly. 

"Don't apologize! I like it!"

"You like getting messy?" 

"Well, I guess not really. But I like that you like it so much! I mean, I guess it means that you like it, since you cum so much."

"I do! I totally do!"

"Good! I like it, too. I really like your cock, it's very..." She was looking right at his penis. "...handsome!" She giggled.

"I really like your pussy. It's very beautiful."

"Really?"

"Yes!"

They sat there quietly for a little while, both immersed in their own thoughts. Brandon was thinking about how much he liked her. How much he would like it if she was his girlfriend. But he was pretty sure she didn't see things that way. He figured that to her, he was just a guy that gave her money for sex, so that she could get a Nintendo Switch.

Monique finally broke the silence. "I suppose you better get going. You don't want to be here when my stepdad gets home."

"Okay." Brandon climbed off the bed and pulled his pants on, and Monique did the same.

"Hey," she said, "maybe we should ride bikes to the park?"

"Sure!"

A few minutes later, they tossed their bikes to the ground and were sitting next to each other in the grass. "So, I guess your stepdad is really strict, huh?"

"No, not really. He just doesn't like it when I hang out with boys." She paused, then added, "He doesn't like to share."

"Share?" Brandon said, not sure what she meant.

Monique pulled out a clump.of grass and started tearing at it with her fingers. Looking down at her hands, she said, "Can I tell you something? Something that's totally a secret?"

"Sure, of course."

She looked up at him, her eyes glisteningly moist. "It's really private. You have to totally promise that you won't tell anyone, ever."

"I totally promise," he said. "Totally."

She looked back down at her hands and was quiet for a long moment. Then she said, "l have sex, sometimes, with Clem. With my stepdad."

"Really?" Brandon said, immediately feeling totally stupid that that was all he could think to say. 

She looked at him and wrinkled her nose. "Yeah. Actually, he fucks me a lot. Like, when I get home today, if my mom's not home, he's gonna want to fuck me."

"Oh. And... you're okay with it?"

She looked back down at her hands. "I guess. I mean, he's always super nice to me when he's done."

"That's good."

She kept pulling on the grass that she held in her hands. "I guess you think I'm a total skank, because I have sex wih an old guy. And... and 'cause I let you pay me for sex."

"No! I don't think you're a skank!"

"Really? You don't?"

"No! I think you're... I think you're really nice."

"Thanks." She gave him a feeble smile.

"So, is that why you have sex with lots of guys? Because your stepdad...?"

"You [i]do[/i] think I'm a skank! I [i]don't[/i] have sex with lots of guys!"

"No! I'm sorry, I didn't mean--"

"You're the only guy I've ever had sex with! I mean, other than him."

"Oh!" Brandon might have been proud to hear that, but he just felt stupid and embarrassed. 

"I just came up with this dumb idea when I was talking to Stevie, 'cause I want to get a Switch, and it seemed like maybe he had some money. When you and Michael mentioned it, i was going to tell you no. 'Cause i really wasn't sure..."

"I'm sorry, it was really Michael's idea. I just had the money, because I always save--"

"No, I'm glad." She looked up at him.

"You are?"

"Yeah. I really... I mean, it's fun."

"I'm glad, too!"

"I just don't want you to think I'm a skank."

"No! I'll never think that about you! I think you're really sweet!"

Monique's big round cheeks flushed with blush. "I think you're really sweet, too." They both just smiled at each other for a moment. Then she said, "You know, it's funny, because we've had sex twice, but we've never kissed."

"I'd really like to kiss you."

"I'd really like that, too."

It was several minutes later when they came up for breath, having been locked in a very long extended tongue-flirting spittle-swapping kiss. 

"I'm sorry I make you pay for sex," she said as they both caught their breath. 

"No, it's--"

"It's stupid. You don't have to pay, ever again."

"It's okay! I want to help you get your Switch!"

She smiled. "Okay! But maybe... you wanna have a freebie?"

"Right now?" he said, looking around at the other people in the park.

"Sure! We can go in the woods, I know a place, where Clem and I sometimes... Nevermind, let's just go. I wanna give you a freebie!"

Monique was on her hands and knees, her pants pulled down to her.ankles. Brandon just took his cock out of his fly. He didn't need help getting it in her this time, he could see exactly what he was doing, and he grabbed onto her beautiful big ass and slid his cock right in and started fucking her. It was awfully damned exciting, to be having sex outside, in public, and he enjoyed himself quite a lot. He also lasted a lot longer this time, partly because he'd already emptied his balls once, and maybe also partly because he was starting to get the hang of the whole sexual intercourse thing by now. Still, the girl's pussy knew just how to get him off, and it wasn't but a few minutes before he was shooting semen into her again.

"Let's make a deal," she said, as she pulled her pants back on when they were done. "You can still pay me ten dollars when you want to fuck, but once you pay, you can do anything you want. You can fuck me as many times as you want, or have me give you blow jobs, or play with my boobs. Whatever you want. Okay?"

Brandon was all smiles. "Okay!"

"And then once I get my Switch, it's free from then on, okay?"

"Okay!"



"So how many times have you and Monique done it?" Michael asked Brandon a couple days later.

"I don't really want to talk about it."

"Oh come on. Tell me!"

"Okay, whatever. Twice. Well, three times, but two were the same day, like, one right after the other."

"Shit, really? I cant believe Stevie hasn't gotten any money yet. Or me. I gotta get some money, so I can get in on the action!"

"'It's a little rude to talk about her like that, don't you think?"

"Rude?!?" Michael gave him a snarl. "The girl sells her pussy! She's a hooker, dude!"

"She is [i]not[/i]. You shouldn't talk about her like that."

"What the fuck?" Then Michael's face broke out in a smile. "Wait a second... you have a crush on her!"

"No! I just..."

"You totally have a crush on her!" Michael was laughing. "She sells her pussy to you, and you fall in love with her!" He laughed all the more.

"Bullshit! Fuck you!" He started playfully hitting his friend on the shoulder. 

"Okay, prove it! Prove you don't have a crush on her! Loan me ten bucks so that I can have sex with her, too!"

"No way! If my money is going to be used for sex with her, it's gonna be me having the sex. You can watch."

Michael snarled again, but then he got an excited look on his face. "Hey, I got an idea--what if instead of just watching, I record you guys?"

"Record?"

"Yes, like, on my phone. Like a video."

"You want to make a video of me fucking Monique??? I don't know--"

"Come on, it's a great idea!"

"I don't think she'll go for it."

"We don't have to ask her. I'll just start recording. I'll kinda hide my phone, so she doesn't know."

"You will not! We only do it if she agrees."

"Okay, loverboy, whatever. Maybe you should offer her some extra money. Then she'll agree to do it for sure."

"I could probably do that."

"But if she's gonna get extra money, it shouldn't just be a video of you fucking her."

"What else?"

"We should make her strip. And you should film her giving me a blow job, before I film her fucking you!"

"She's not going to give you a blowjob for free!"

"It wouldn't be for free, she'd be getting extra money for it."

"Yeah, my money!"

"Come on, it's a great idea, don't you think? Don't you want a video of her stripping? Think of how hot that would be!"

"I'm not sure if she'll go for the idea," Brandon said.

"Of course she will! She's a total slut! And she wants that Switch, so just offer her some more money and she'll do anything."

"Don't call her a slut."

Michael laughed. "Right, right, she's your [i]girlfriend[/i]. Okay, she's a sweet girl, so of course she'll go for it!"

"Hmm..." Brandon said. "Okay, but... we have to promise her we won't share the video with anyone. It's just for us."

"She won't mind if we share it. It's advertising!"

"Advertising?"

"Yeah! For her 'ten dollar pussy!'"

Brandon had to laugh at that, even if it made him feel a little bad about it. Monique and her ten dollar pussy! But, "No," he said. "You have to promise that you won't share it with anyone, even Stevie."

"Really? Fuck that!"

"Okay then. No video."

"Jesus! Okay, I promise."

"Swear it. Swear it on your Marvel action figure collection!"

"My Marvel action figure collection?" Michael said, incredulous. "No way!"

"Yes. Otherwise, no video, and no blow job."

"Fine."

"Say it. 'I swear on my Marvel action figure collection that--'"

Michael shook his head. "I swear on my Marvel action figure collection that I won't share the video with anyone."

"Even Stevie."

"Even Stevie."

"And you won't post it on the internet."

"Jesus! Okay, and I won't post it on the internet."

"And if you do," Brandon said, "I get your Marvel action figure collection."

"What? No!"

"Yep."

"Okay. Jesus."



"I made him promise that he wouldn't share it with anyone, or post it on the internet or anything. But if you don't want to do it, that's totally okay."

Monique was smiling. "No, it sounds like fun! It's no big deal, my stepdad makes videos of me sometimes. I'm pretty sure he shares them."

"Really? Well, not this one. This one is just for me and Michael."

"Okay."

"Really? You'll do it?"

"Sure!" She grinned at him, and then added, "But, do you want to do anything today? My parents'll be home soon, so--"

Brandon pulled ten dollars out of his pocket before she even finished talking.

She laughed. "You really like having sex with me, don't you?"

"Yeah!"

"At this rate, I'll have my Switch in like two weeks!"

"Yeah!"

"How do you want to do it?"

"Let's do it doggie again!"

"Okay!"

Thirty seconds later, Brandon was sinking his anxious twelve-year-old cock into Monique's wet and willing cunt.  "Oh god!" he said outloud as her warm tightness enveloped him.

"You like my pussy!" Monique said gleefully.

"Oh god yeah!" Michael emphasized his affirmation by grabbing the girl's ample ass and starting to thrust his hips.

"She's not too skanky for you?"

No! She's the perfect amount of skanky!"

"Oh, so you [i]do[/i] like her a little skanky!"

"Yes!"

"Good!"

"Michael calls her your 'ten dollar pussy!'"

"That isn't true!"

"Oh!" Brandon missed a beat, slipping out of her as a result. This "dirty talk" was totally new to him, and he'd somehow managed to take it too far and insult her! "I'm sorry! I didn't mean to--"

"She isn't [i]my[/i] ten dollar pussy," she said, reaching under to help him back in. "She's yours! She's [i]your[/i] ten dollar pussy! Brandon, fuck your ten dollar pussy!"

He slid right back into her, all the way to the root, the curly hair on his balls tickling her clit. "Yeah! She's mine! My ten dollar pussy!" He grabbed that sweet ass again and started slamming into her with new-found vigor.

Now, Monique's little sixth grade cunt might only cost ten dollars, but she knew how to milk a cock like a million dollar whore, and only a few dozen solid thrusts from the boy--who, it must be said, was getting much better at the act of fucking by now--and he dumped his youthful load of cum into her accepting womb with a series of several massive shots. Undeniably, the best orgasm of his short life so far, and given the moans and the shaking of his sex partner, and her red-faced smile once he'd pulled out, Monique had a similar reaction.



"So what should I do? You want me to dance while I do it, or just, like, take my clothes off?"

"Whatever you want," Brandon said, at the exact same time that Michael said, "Dance! We want to see those titties bounce!"

Monique giggled, and started unbuttoning her shirt.

"Wait, man, hold up!" Michael said. "Start over! I don't know how to use this thing!" He had "borrowed" his dad's video camera, and "borrowed" an empty one GB card for it, too. "This way, we can record for as long as we want!" he'd said to Brandon when he was showing off the equipment. "Plus, this camera is way better than a phone." Michael had objected at first when Brandon insisted that he gets to take the card home when they're done--"No way! It's my card!" "It is [i]not[/i] your card, you stole it from your dad!"--but Michael relented when Brandon reminded him who was paying for the event, and that he was perfectly okay with calling the whole thing off.

"Okay," Michael said after fiddling with the camera for a bit. "I got it now. Start over."

Monique giggled some more, and proceeded to unbutton her blouse and pull it off. Her round handful-sized breasts were barely contained beneath a lacy bra, which provide a hint of her wide, dark areolas through the thin lace. She gave her shoulders a shake and giggled some more as her breasts bounced and shimmied. Then she swayed her hips to an imaginary song as she began unbuttoning her pants.

"Okay," she said, once she'd pulled down the skin-tight jeans and kicked them off. She held her arms out to the side and danced. Her panties, a matching pair with the bra, were tiny, not big enough to cover her bush; an inch of dark curls appeared above the waistband. The rest of the bush was barely hidden through the lace of the underwear. "What's next? Bra, or panties?"

"Bra!" Michael said, like a twelve-year-old porn director.

She giggled, still swaying to the music in her head, as she reached behind and unclasped the bra. Then she turned around and took off the bra. When she turned back to face the camera, she had her hands covering her breasts in the classic hand-bra pose. But she didn't tease for long; a second later, she opened the hands on either side of her breasts, exposing her choclate-cream flesh and her large dark nipples for the camera. Then she shook her shoulders again, and bounced on her heels a bit, and those wonderful mounds of womanly fat, held taught beneath her youthful brown skin, came to life, swinging left to right, then thumping up and down. Her wide areolas were a heavenly dark pink and flecked with goosebumps, and in the very center of each was a lighter, pale nub, small compared to the otherwise large nipples, and standing up smartly. 

Still shimmying and bouncing, she reached down and pulled her panties off, and sweet Monique was naked in front of the camera.

She continued to dance while Michael walked around her, filming. When he was behind her, she bent over to touch her toes, and Michael focused in on her ass as she began twerking. 

Once he'd returned to her front again, she took a couple steps backwards to the bed, and sat down. She spread her legs, and Michael hurriedly walked to her, knelt down, and focused the camera right at her sex.

She was giggling some more as she reached down and spread her lips wide open for the camera. "This is a ten dollar pussy," she said. "Do you like it?"

"Yes!" Brandon answered. But Michael simply reached out with one hand, his index finger erect, as he held the camera with the other. The finger pushed in, all the way to his bottom knuckle.

Monique was smiling big. "Brandon says you want a blow job, Mikey," she said in a girlish voice.

The boy looked up at her and nodded.

"Take your clothes off then!"

He handed the camera to Brandon, and enthusiastically disrobed.

Brandon didn't film his friend stripping, choosing, sensibly, to keep the camera on the girl instead. She climbed down off the bed onto her knees, looked at the camera and gave it a smile and a little wave, then looked at her assignment, who was now as naked as her, and had moved into position himself. Brandon was pleased to note, as Michael's cock finally appeared in the viewfinder, that his friend was considerably smaller than he was, and had considerably less hair as well. But, Michael's skinny little four inch dick was so hard that it bent upwards, and from the smile on Monique's face, it seemed she was perfectly happy with the cock she was about to suck. She reached out with both hands, one around the shaft, the other cupped over his little ballsack; she leaned in, opened her mouth, and began to suck.

Now, whether or not little Monique could deep throat a man-sized cock, or even a Brandon-sized one, wasn't in evidence at the moment. But the girl had no problem taking this little stiffie balls deep. And soon, Michael was rocking his hips, and Monique was slurping and sucking his full length, while Brandon captured the whole thing on video. 

When she eventually came up for air, Monique looked over at Brandon while she slide one hand up and down on Michael's spit-slippery cock, the other hand still gripping the boy's little balls as it had been the whole time. 

"What about you, Brandon," she asked. "Aren't you gonna make me give you a blow job, too?"

Brandon just about said, "Only if you want to," but then thought the better of it and walked up to the pair, and quickly made it a trio. And he got some spectacular POV video of Monique's sweet soft beautiful face as she blew both of their cocks in succession, first his, then Michael's, then back to his again.

A disinterested observer might have noticed that Monique, though enthusiastic enough at first, was not the best cock sucker in town. Or even, depending on how good Brandon's mom was at blowing his dad, the best cock sucker in the Hanson house that afternoon. But said disinterested observer would be being unfair; after all, the girl was barely but a child, despite her womanly tits, and most ladies will tell you that sucking cock is hard work, with the reward being a mouthful of ill-tasting slimy goo when she finally completes the act. So after a several minutes of pure pleasure for the boys, and increasing discomfort for the girl, she finally had to focus her attention on Michael's cock, to bring him to his blissful, and her blessed, end. Luckily his was the easier of the two for her, being so much smaller than Brandon, and she managed to help him find happiness in her mouth soon enough.

She swallowed with a grimace what she could, and spit the rest out in her hand, then turned to Brandon as she wiped her hand off on the carpet. "You want your ten dollar pussy now?" she asked with her usual matter-of-factness when it came to sex, but not without a sweet smile as well.

"Fuck yeah!" both boys fist-pumped and hollered.

"How do you want me?"

"Doggie!" Brandon answered. "It's best for video!" The other two agreed wholeheartedly, and as he handed the camera back to Michael and proceeded to undress, Monique climbed onto the bed and dropped down to her elbows and knees, tits swaying back and forth as she did. Michael walked around the bed, recording every angle for posterity, close-ups of her ass and cunt, close-ups of her tits, close-ups of her face as she looked right in the camera with a grin and said that she couldn't wait to have Brandon's cock inside her.

Then Brandon climbed onto the bed behind her ass, and Michael shot the first moment to perfection, like he'd been filming porn his whole life, a tight close-up on her money hole as Brandon's leaking cockhead forced its way between her lips.

The boy was really getting good at fucking Monique by now, and he put forward his best performance yet, riding her like a man in full control, using her like his fucktoy bitch. Michael continued in porn director mode, ordering Monique to get up on her hands and shake her tits while he filmed, or to play with her nipples. But even he was wide-eyed, and rock-hard again, when the girl looked right into the camera and said, "I'm a little prostitute!"

And then, Michael and his dad's camera were right there, as his friend groaned and moaned and finished the deed, to capture close-up the slick wet cock sliding out from deep inside, the pussy now open and used and dripping wet, the girl's thighs sticky and firey red; and then, five seconds after Brandon's exit, a shining glob of his cream slowly emerging from Monique's vagina and oozing down onto her clit.

And that was the end of one of the sexist damn videos that humankind has ever made.



"You have to come over!" Monique DM'ed Brandon. "I have something to show you!"

"Look!" she squealed when he got over to her house. "My new Switch!"

"Oh wow! How did you get it? I didn't think you had enough money yet!"

"I didn't! My stepdad gave it to me!"

"Really?!?"

"Yeah, he does that sort of thing sometimes, I think because he feels guilty. I think maybe he knows I have a boyfri--I mean, a guy I'm hanging out with, and he's worried that I'll tell you about him and me. He thinks that if he buys me shit, I'll keep quiet."

"Well, it's really cool that you got it," Brandon said, checking out the game.

"I still have all the money you gave me, so you can have it back."

"Nah, keep it. You'll need it to buy some games. And besides, you earned it."

"I did!" She giggled. "But now, you don't have to pay me anymore!"

"Yeah..."

She gave him a concerned look. "You sound disappointed."

"No!" Brandon felt foolish. 

"I'll still do it with you all the time, I promise!"

"Okay."

A widening grin swept across her face. "Wait a second... I get it! You like having a ten dollar pussy to fuck, don't you?"

Michael wanted to deny it. If it's really how he felt, it was foolish as hell! But he couldn't help agreeing with what she said. So he just shrugged his shoulders. 

"You like treating me like a prostitute, don't you?!?"

"No!" he feebly denied the accusation. "It's just..."

Monique snuggled up to him. "It's okay. I like it, too. You can still pay me. I'll still be your little prostitute. But maybe... Do you think, maybe, I could be your girlfriend, too?"

Brandon's heart skipped a beat. "I'd really like that!"

"Yay!" She kissed him. "Now, my parents'll be home soon, so... Do you have any money?"

"I think so..." Brandon pulled a ten dollar bill from his pocket and handed it to her.

"Oh! What a coincidence! This is exactly what my pussy costs!" They both laughed as they started taking off their pants. Then she added, "I mean, what [i]your[/i] pussy costs!"



[If you like this story--or if you don't like it!--please drop me an email to let me know what you think at chrishailey01@protonmail.com  Thanks!]
