



	“Guys?  Can I come in?  There aren't any other dressing rooms open.”  Emily reached out and opened the curtain just enough for Felicity to slip in.  Felicity took in the sight of Sara and blushed slightly.  Her heart raced and her sex leaked.
	“So,” Emily said turning towards Felicity.  “you said you had come close to orgasm . . . but hadn't . . . quite . . . achieved . . . it . . . yet.”  And with that, Emily pushed Felicity back against the back wall of the dressing room.  Within half a second both Emily and Sara were upon her, like hyenas stumbling upon fresh carrion, the two young teenage lovers pounced upon their new friend.  Emily's lips embraced Felicity's, while Sara's hands sought out, found, and pulled down the elastic waistband of Felicity's skirt and panties.  After only a second of taking in the beautiful sight Sara had dropped to her knees and pressed her lips against the warm, shaved slit.  Her tongue shot into Felicity and sought out her clit, which very quickly was filling with blood.  Emily, in the mean time, had both pulled Felicity's top off and undid the girl's front clasping bra.  Felicity's gorgeous tits now hung free, by far the largest pair that either Emily or Sara had been close to, and Emily eagerly took a nipple into her mouth while her other hand felt the weight and fullness of the girl's beautiful breast.  Only moments later Felicity moaned loudly, prompting Emily to slap her hand over Felicity's mouth.  As Emily continued teasing her nipples, Sara worked hard on her clit, and as Felicity's body shook and vibrated with orgasm, Emily kept her hand pressed tight against her mouth, trying her best to muffle the ecstatic noises of a girl being brought to orgasm by something other than her own hand for the first time.  Her body twitched and quivered and Emily replaced the hand over Felicity's mouth with her own mouth.  Emily explored the inside of Felicity's mouth with her tongue while Sara sucked and lapped at Felicity's sweet pussy, drinking in the new girl's nectar greedily.  
	Then, without speaking, Emily and Sara switched.  Sara stood and locked lips with Felicity, her hands moving to the girl's tits while Emily dropped to her knees and started to fuck the now glistening slit with her tongue.  Felicity was in heaven and she could no longer support her own wait.  Her body slid down the wall until she landed on the little bench, her generous butt hitting the seat softly thanks to the little bit of poo that still clung to her pink flesh.  Emily and Sara moved with her, and neither girl's tongue lost contact with Felicity's flesh.  Soon Felicity was screaming again (or she would have been, had Sara not been preventing it).  Her body quivered and her back arched.  The girls let her come down from her second orgasm for a minute, each gently continuing their probing with their tongues.  Finally, Emily withdrew her head from between Felicity's legs, her face glistening with the girl's juices.  Sara quickly cleaned Emily's face with her tongue and the two girls stood and looked down at the spent Felicity.  Felicity's poopy panties were around her ankles, along with her skirt.  Her blouse was on the floor in the far corner and her large bra hung loosely off her shoulders, having been opened in the front.  Her great tits heaved with her deep breathing, the nipples still standing tall and proud.  Her face was flushed and glistened with a little bit of sweat.  She was beautiful.
	“You girls doing okay in there?” Betty's sweet voice came from the other side of the thin curtain.  “How's the fit, Sara?”  Sara quickly reached down and grabbed a pair of new panties, stepped into them, and pulled them up her legs, they squished against the thuroughly saturated disposable panties that were now glued to her butt with poo.  She adjusted her bra and looked in the mirror.  Without warning she called back to Betty.
	“I think they fit fine, but could you give me your opinion?”  Sara smiled into the mirror as she saw the look of panic on Felicity's face.  Felicity jumped to her feet and was just pulling her dirty panties up her legs as Betty slipped through the curtain.  Betty's eyes darted from the brown butt print on the bench to Felicity's brown stained panties to her free hanging tits before settleing on Sara who was standing in front of the mirror.  The poop that had quickly saturated the thin disposable panties had already started to absorb into the new pair she was wearing, and a faint brown spot could be seen forming on her tushy.  If any of this disturbed Betty, she didn't say anything.
	“Oh, I think those look great!” Betty said, coming up behind Sara and looking over her shoulder at the reflection of the young girl.  “Do you like the cut?” Betty asked as she rested her hands on the naked flesh of Sara's hips.  
	“I think so,” Sara managed as her flesh tingled at the woman's touch.
	“Move around a little, bend over, get a feel for how they move with you and make sure they don't bunch.”  Sara did as she was told and walked around inside the dressing room, circling the room twice before bending over at the waist (purposfully giving all present a view of her gorgeous little butt).  As she bent over the poo pressed even harder into the new panties and now they unmistakably had a brown spot in them.  Sara glanced in the mirror and noticed.
	“Well, I suppose I have to buy them now, ive gotten them dirty.” She pouted.
	“Nonesense.  You're wearing the disposable panties, which is all the store policy dictates.”  Betty said, which both reassured the girls and surprised them.  “Now, what about you two lovely ladies?” She asked, turning to face Felicity (who had now fastned her bra) and Emily.  “Veronica!” She called out, “Will you come in here?”  Almost instantly the tall, statuesque brunette entered the dressing room.  She took in her surroundings and, just as professionally as Bettty, did not react.  “Would you be so kind as to help Emily here with her fitting?  I'll work with Felicity as I, well, I have more experience with the special problems of being well endowed.”
	The comment made all three girls look at the chests of both of the sales representatives, and visually confirm that while Betty was quite busty, Veronica had a more modest (but hardly petite) bust.  Betty approached Felicity and indicated that she should remove her (filthy) undies.  “You too huh?  You poor things, something must be going around.  Oh well,” Betty handed Felicity a pair of the thin disposable panties to put on, which she did.  As with Sara, the panties clung tightly to the curve of her buttocks, sticking, as they were, to the thin layer of poop that coated them.
	Emily had now stripped down to her panties, having tossed her clothes onto the growing pile in the corner.  Veronica noticed the bulge in the back of her panties and sighed, not in an annoyed way, but in a way that conveyed a certain amount of sympathy to the poor girl's plight.  “Did you have an accident too?”
	“No,” Emily answered after only a moment's hesitation.  “It's not mine.”  Hearing this, Felicity, Sara, and Betty all turned their heads to look at the now blushing Emily.  Veronica was first to speak:
	“What do you mean it isn't yours?”  Veronica asked with concern in her voice.  
	“Well,” Emily began, still blushing, beginning to think she shouldn't have said that.  Her brain raced as she tried to think up a plausible lie, some story other than the truth – which was that it made her incredibly horny to have a stranger's poop pressed tightly against her skin.  “I was going to use the toilet in the food court, but the first stall was occupied so I went into the handicapped stall.  I forgot to look before sitting down and the seat was up so I fell into the bowl of the toilet and landed on some other woman's poop!  I tried to flush it away but the toilet was broken, there wasn't even any water in the bowl.  Well, I didn't want anyone to think it was me who left the mess in the broken toilet so I wanted to clean it up, and since my butt already had poop on it I decided to put the woman's poop in my panties to smuggle it out.”  Somewhere in her mind, Emily knew that that was the most unbelievable, ridiculous story anyone had ever made up, and she bit her lower lip as she waited for Veronica's reaction.
	“Was this about two hours ago?”  Veronica asked.  Emily nodded.  “Oh, you poor sweet dear,” Veronica cooed.  “I think that was MY poop!”  For the first time Veronica blushed.  “I did feel bad for leaving it there, I'd hate to think of someone having to clean up my mess.  You did the right thing dear.”
	“Oh Veronica,” Betty began, “I should be the one to feel bad as I left a terrible mess in that toilet at lunch that was surely worse than yours!”  Now it was Betty's cheeks which adopted a pinkish hue.  
	“It's okay Betty,” Sara said as she patted her gently on the back, I cleaned it up and put it that cup.  That's what I was gagging on when we came in here, I accidentally took a sip of it.
	“Oh you poor thing!” Betty cried out and drew Sara into a big hug.
	“Well let's find you girls some nice new underwear,” Veronica said, “seems like you've had quite the afternoon and could use something nice.  Here,” Veronica addressed Emily, “take off that top and old bra and lets try one of these.”  Veronica had brought into the dressing room with her an armful of different bras and panties for the girls to try.  Emily obliged and didn't remember that she had put Veronica's poop inside her bra cups until she was taking the bra off and felt it sticking to her breasts as she peeled it off.  “In there too?” Veronica asked, concerned.
	“I was afraid I wouldn't have enough room in my panties.” Emily replied.  She hung her poopy bra on one of the hooks and now stood in the dressing room naked except for the now poopy disposable panties.  Her breasts were covered in a brown coating of Veronica's poo.  Suprisingly enough, the smell was hardly noticable.
	“Well here, try on one of these, I think you'll like how it fits.” Veronica said as she handed Emily a lacy, pale blue bra.
	“Shouldn't I clean my chest first?” Emily wondered aloud.
	“Store policy says girls must wear disposable panties when trying on underwear, but it doesn't say anything about trying on bras, so just go right ahead and try it on, we can wash any you don't like.”
	Emily put her arms through the straps and pushed the cups against her gloriously perky yet sticky tits.  Veronica clasped the bra in the back and handed her the matching panties.  Emily donned the panties and then took Sara's place in front of the mirror.  She could see Veronica's poop on her breasts as the lace of the bra left little patches of skin uncovered.  She moved around (in the process getting the panties dirty) and decided that they really were quite comfortable, and sexy.
	Betty was in the process of helping Felicity into a pushup bra, which made Felicity's chest appear even more impressive than it already was.  Felicity liked it (she always liked the attention she got because of her breasts) and posed in different positions for Emily and Sara to see. 
	Sara and Emily were both trying on slightly different styles now, and had tossed the new but already dirty underwear in a pile under the mirror.  After a few changes all around, selections were made, and each girl was going to buy two new bras and two new pairs of panties.  The girls put on their own clothing, and separated out the underwear they wanted to buy.  
	“What about those?” Sara asked, indicating the pile of soiled underwear under the mirror.  
	“Don't worry, we'll take care of those.” Veronica said, and knelt down in front of the pile to start sorting and gathering
	“And why don't you let me take that cup and dispose of it,” Betty said to Sara, “it is my mess after all.”  Sara picked up the large styrofoam cup full of Betty's mixture of diarehha and poo and held it out for Betty.  Sara was sad to get rid of it, but she hadn't thought of anything fun to do with it anyway, and Betty had been so nice to help them.  
	Just at that moment, Veronica stood up, her arms full of soiled undergarments.  Veronica didn't realize that there was an exchange happening over her at that moment, and her head hit Sara's outstreached arm.  Sara, in an attempt not to drop the cup of Betty's filth, squeezed the cup more firmly, which had the effect of turning the round cup into an oval, forcing the thin plastic lid with the straw to pop off.  As Veronica became fully erect, the cup tipped and its entire contents spilled onto Betty's face (Betty was a fair bit shorter than Sara).  The yellow and brown stinking filth ran down Betty's hitherto perfectly made up face and dripped into her cleavage, covering her entire chest with the putrid mess.  Betty's thin white blouse was covered and was now transparent in places where the diarrhea had landed and then run further down the woman's body.  The blouse clung to her ample cleavage and now brown streaks could be seen running down her legs and dissapearing into her shoes.  The more solid matter was splattered across her face and chest.  The smell was incredibly strong and being as though it covered her face, it filled her nostrils completely.  Betty wretched, and a torrent of vomit erupted from her shit covered mouth and landed squarely onto Veronica's bust.  Veronica's blouse (very similar to Betty's in sheerness) was now transparent and clung tightly to her chest – the stitching on her bra could be made out without a problem.  Little chunks of undigested lunch also clung to her and soon Betty's vomit was running down her tummy, over her tight black skirt, and down her pantyhose covered legs.  Veronica herself wretched, but managed to keep her lunch down.
	Betty wiped furiously at her eyes followed by her nose and mouth, trying to remove the filth from her orifices.  The last little bit of vomit leaked from the corner of her mouth and was added to the filth that had collected on her breasts after having dripped off her chin.  Sara, Emily, and Felicity were all in shock, mouths hanging open.
	“I am SOOO sorry!” Sara said and she used her own hand to wipe some chunks of poo out of Betty's bangs.  Betty found her breath and managed:
	“It's okay, it isn't your fault, it was an accident.”  Betty regarded herself in the mirror.  “What are we going to do?  Veronica and I both have changes of clothes in our lockers, but we can't go out looking like this, me covered in shit and Veronica in puke!”
	“Well, I know a way we could rinse you off,” Sara suggested with a smirk, “you'll still be soaked but at lease we could get the chunks of poo and vomit washed off.”  Veronica and Betty knew what she meant, and they also knew it was their best bet to not get caught in this disgusting state.  The two sales representatives knelt down side by side, their backs to the mirror.
	The three young teenage girls (Felicity being the oldest at 17, Sara the youngest at 15) simultaneously pulled their skirts and dirty panties to the floor and stepped out of them.  Their young pussies were already glistening with arousal.  Standing side by side, the three glistening virgin cunts were a sight to behold.  Felicity was in the middle and she climbed up onto the bench, while Emily and Sara each put one leg up on the ledge.  The girls each used two fingers to hold their delicate pink lips apart so as to better aim their flow.
	“Ready?”  Sara asked.  Betty and Veronica nodded in unison and closed their eyes.  A second later they were being deluged with three perfect golden streams.  The hot, acrid urine splashed off the women's faces, making their makeup run, but also washing the brown chunks down, onto their cleavage and laps.  When their faces were clean the girls aimed lower, covering the women's breasts with their piss, rinsing them clean.  The bits of undigested food and solid excrement slid down between their breasts and ended up in their laps.  When their chests were clean the women stood up and let the urine soak their skirts and run down their legs, rinsing the last bit of the filth off of their bodies and onto the now completely ruined carpet of the dressing room.  As the urine streams began to slow, Betty and Veronica held their feet under them, and just managed to complete their cleanup.  The last bits of urine were now running down the legs of the girl who produced it, and the three teens pulled their panties and skirts back up.
	“Well,” Said Betty, wiping the urine out of her eyes, “if you take your purchases up the front counter Maxine will ring you up!”
	“Sorry again for the mess,” Emily offered.
	“It's really no problem,” Veronica insisted, “come back anytime.”
	Veronica and Betty opened the curtain and stepped into the hallway, they waited for the three girls to exit and then closed the curtain and hung up a “temporarily closed” sign over the entrance.  As the girls were walking towards the register they heard another, older woman's voice:
	“What happened to you two?!”
	“Some customers thought it was funny to poor water on us.” Betty answered sheepishly.
	“You know how teenagers are.” Veronica added.
	“Yes, well, go get changed, you can't work out on the floor soaking wet.”
	“Yes ma'am!”  and the two women disappeared into the back room along with their manager.  The girls payed for their purchases and then exited the lingerie store
	“What now?”  Emily said with a smile.
	“Well,” Felicity said, starting to feel at home with her new companions, “I need some new running shoes and really need to poop.”
	“Shoe store it is!” Sara announced gleefully and the three girls walked hand in hand through the mall towards the shoe store.  Each girl was enjoying the sensation of poo between their legs as they walked, and each smiled to themselves as they remembered the adventure they just had in the lingerie store.
