story_codes: M/b, M/g, M/g/g, M/b/g/g, M/F/b/g/g oral, b-11, ff-10  consent, fondling, love, 

Debbie's Delights  by Byteman2000

story_intro: These are my daughters Karen and Sharon" she stated placing her arm on one then the other and this is the man of the house Donny placing her hand on his head.  To be honest the only way you could have told the difference in the two girls was that each wore a necklace with a letter on it "K" and "S".   Looking at the two I jokingly commented, "Well as long as they don't take the necklaces off I'll be able to tell them apart". I stated with a smile.  About that time Karen spoke up, "That's not the only way, Sharon has a little mole on her pooche and I don't but I got one on my breast here (pointing to her chest) and Sharon doesn't." 


======This story is a work of fiction. ============



Debbie's Delights

Written by Byteman2000


	I met Debbie through one of those Internet dating services when she replied to my profile.  Checking her profile it said that she was 30 with twin daughters age 10 years and a son age 11, that she was a widow, standing 5'3" weighing 100 pounds, with strawberry blonde hair and green eyes.  That she was a child psychologist who had her own service.  Her photo that she had was interesting as well looking to be more like in her late teens then being 30.  Her introduction to me was just as interesting reading:  Hi, saw your profile and found you a rather interesting person. I love the fact that you love children and want a family. I found your hobbies interesting as well and the fact that you are a naturists interests me. If you don't mind writing back I would like to hear more from you.  Signed Dr. M. 

	My own profile read that I was 32, blonde, blue eyes, weighing 180, standing 5'11", that I was self employed with my own company.  That I carried no baggage, that I loved children, would love to have a family, and that my hobbies were water volleyball, swimming, tennis, camping, fishing, and laying around enjoying the sun.  I as well expressed that I grew up in a naturist / clothing optional home, that I had 5 sisters and one brother.  

	Having seen her intro I decided to write her back giving her my personal email address and my phone number if she would like and felt comfortable to call me.  I was surprised a little later that evening when my phone rang.

	"Hello" I answered when a rather young soft voice replied, "Is this David?"

	"Yes, may I help you?" I asked thinking it might be one of my clients.  "This is Dr. M. or better Debbie" she replied.

	Over the next almost two hours we spoke of business, life, my family growing up, our life style, my thoughts of children and a family, how I would want to raise them, and much more.  It seemed that she must have liked everything I said to her as she asked if we could meet.  I suggested that we could meet for coffee or lunch that next day however she suggested that we might have dinner at a local pizza place and gaming place, that she would like to bring her children along to meet me.  When I asked if she felt comfortable with that idea she stated that they were a part of her life, that they had a say so as well in what would happen, and that though she wasn't in the habit of having them around any man she met in this case she felt differently and that she didn't mind if I didn't.  I told her that I didn't and that I hoped they didn't as well.

	That next evening I arrived at the pizza place about 5:00 p.m., as she had asked.  Walking in I spotted Debbie right away from her photo.  Standing next to her were three young angels as I would describe them.  Both girls had blonde hair, freckles, wearing of all things catholic school uniforms.  Standing as tall as Debbie they still has some of their baby type features yet I could see as I walked closer, that they were just starting to develop seeing tiny mounds that seemed to stand out slightly from their white blouses.  The boy as well in a uniform of shorts and shirt, with blonde hair, had features that were like the girls only for him looked more boyish.  "Good evening Debbie" I stated as she turned around wondering who it was.  With a smile on her face, "Oh good evening David glad you could make it.  These are my daughters Karen and Sharon" she stated placing her arm on one then the other and this is the man of the house Donny placing her hand on his head.  To be honest the only way you could have told the difference in the two girls was that each wore a necklace with a letter on it "K" and "S".   Looking at the two I jokingly commented, "Well as long as they don't take the necklaces off I'll be able to tell them apart". I stated with a smile.  About that time Karen spoke up, "That's not the only way, Sharon has a little mole on her pooche and I don't but I got one on my breast here (pointing to her chest) and Sharon doesn't." 

	"Well thank you for that information but I doubt I'll be investigating that closely any time soon" I said laughingly as Debbie looked at me with a smile, "Well you never know, and I'm sorry but they are very honest all the time."  She stated as we went over to our booth where we were going to eat.  "Mommy can we go play some of the games?" Karen asked looking at her mother.  "Yes I suppose so, here's $5.00 for each of you" she said handing Karen  $15.   Looking at her I smiled pulling another ten and five from my pocket, "Make that ten each" I said as they thanked me giving me a hug around the neck as they ran off.

	"So what do you think of my girls and son?" Debbie asked looking at me as I watched them head off to the games.

	"They are beautiful just like their mother and will some day be heart breakers.  I have to admit though I was rather surprised at Karen's statement a while ago."  I said turning back looking at her.

	"Well I think there are some things I should explain to you that is one of the reasons I was very interested in the fact of how you grew up and being a naturist.  First off I was brought up in a rather unusual home.  Ours wasn't only clothing optional but we were what I call a close loving family too.  What I mean is that from the time we were old enough to understand we were taught about our bodies, sex, and sexual awareness. Not from books but from hands on with my mother and father.  Now some people would call it molest but in our case I would have to say that it was a more loving educational experience.  When I married my husband Don I had expressed the same type of home to him but he hated the idea.  After some time he at least agreed to part allowing the kids to have a clothing optional home at least while they were little, but that was about it.  A few times I had explained a number of things to them but when it came to a male body he would always refuse.  To get around it I would have to slip him some sleeping drops in his drink at night then while he would be passed out, I could bring them in showing and explaining the male penis and body to them along with the difference between an adult and Donny.  I have explained to them many of the differences between a woman's body and that of a young girl too.  When Don died almost five years ago now I didn't think I would find another man who I could trust around them.  I had spoke to a few, met a couple, and then there were some I wouldn't have got near alone by myself let along bring my children anywhere near them.  I'm looking for someone who would be open and understanding to our lifestyle, not be afraid to discuss openly with them about anything, to show them anything they would ask, yet not be some pervert that would want to take advantage of them for his own lustful nature."

	All the time Debbie is sitting there discuss and describing this to me my mind wondered back to my own family growing up.  The times that my sisters and I would have some sexual play, exploring each other's body, of our parents sitting us down explaining masturbation to us, of my dad showing us and then teaching us how to do it properly.  How my mom explained the female body to us showing us the erotic points and letting us explore them.  All the time I thought it was more of an education myself and never considered anything as being molest, not even to that evening as we talked.  Debbie looked at me in wondering what was going on, "David, is there a problem?" she asked.  I'm sure my expression was one of not believing what I was hearing.  "David is something wrong?" she asked again before I could answer.

	"No actually my mind was wondering back to my own childhood and all the things that my parents taught us kids growing up.  Everything that you have said and mentioned was exactly how I and my sisters grew up.  It was how I had hoped to bring up my own family so that they knew, were aware, and understood as well."  I said with a smile on my face.  "Personally I never thought I would ever meet anyone in my life who could or would understand such a loving home and life."

	"I see and tell me then how do you think it has effected your life as an adult if in any way?"  She asked now sounding more like a psychologist.

	"For me I think it has gave me a better understanding emotionally of women, has made me a better lover, as allowed me to get deeper in touch with my own female side as well as my male side." I said with a smile.

	"That's exactly what I'm talking about and why I felt comfortable enough to be here with you and bringing them too.  What I had read from your profile, from your introduction back to me, and from our phone conversation that made me feel that comfortable with you.  From what I can tell I believe you are that someone special who was like my dad and the type of person whom I have wanted in our lives."  She stated as our pizza was brought to the table.

	"I'll go round the munchkins up, if that's ok I need to use the restroom anyway." I said as I started to stand up.  "Yes that would be fine" she said with a smile.

	I spotted the girls first sitting on one of those motorcycle rides racing down a track.  As I approached them I could see their panties reflecting through the screen back at me as they straddled the bikes.  Going up to them, "Girls our pizza is here, time to eat" I stated.  "Ok we'll be right there, thank you" they said as I walked off looking for Donny.  I spotted him over by the basketball toss, "Don time to eat our pizza is here" I said with a smile.  "Ok I have to use the bathroom first" he replied.  "I'll go with you I need to as well" with the feeling of my bladder being full we walked together to the bathroom.  There were a number of people in there waiting to go.  Finally one of the stalls opened up, "We can go there" I said as I moved over towards it with Don following me.  "I'll wait while you go" I said thinking I could give him some privacy, "Its ok we can go together" he replied, so with that we both went in closing and locking the door.  I unzipped my pants pulling out my semi-erect cock, I'm almost five inches erect and was close to getting there having to go as badly as I did.  Donny stood there pulling his shorts and underwear down standing next to me he was a good four inches himself almost erect I could tell that he was uncircumcised as the head of his cock was just starting to poke out from the foreskin.  I watched as he drew it back further then started to let loose with a golden stream.  I did as well, he smiled at me looking down I think he was comparing our cocks.  A few moments later we were done, he pulled his pants back up as I tucked my cock away we stepped out then washed our hands and went back to the booth where the girls were already there.  Sitting down Donny set by me and I on the edge he announced, "Mom Mr. Dave and I went to the bathroom together and I saw his penis.  It looks like dad's did and not like mine."  I couldn't believe what I just heard as both girls smiled looking at me Debbie couldn't help but to give a small laugh.

	"I'm sorry but as I said they are rather open and honest about anything and everything.  So tell me did you two share a stall and that was the reason?"  She asked looking at me.

	"Yeah there was a line in there and when it came to us the stall was the first thing to open up.  I offered to let him go first but he offered to share so we did.  Believe me if I would have waited much longer I would have to go home and change right now." I said smiling.

	"Interesting, so Donny what did you think about it when David did that?"  She asked looking at him once again the psychologist in her speaking.

	"I thought it was cool, dad never did anything like that and he wasn't scared about it either or tried to hide like dad use to do."  Donny replied happily.

	"Mom are you and Mr. David going to get married?" Sharon asked not thinking that this was our first meeting.

	"Well honey we don't know he and I have a great deal in common and I personally like him.  I do think though that if all three of you like him as well that maybe we should bring him back home with us so that the three of you can talk to him too.  After all if we did get married he would become your dad and I would want you to all three feel comfortable with him and around him just as you are with me and with each other." She said looking at them and me.

	"I like that idea" came a reply from Karen, "Me too" came Sharon.  "I like him a lot already" came Donny's reply.  "Well Dave sounds like its a majority so far, how about you?  What do you think of our family and would you be interested in coming back to our home to talk more?" She asked looking at me.  "Well it is Friday and I don't have any appointments that I can think of coming up so I can stay up late" I said with a smile, "Yes if you would like I would be happy to join you at your home."

	"Mom do you think we can go swimming or play in the jucuzzi for a while when we get home?" Sharon asked looking at her mom.
	
	"Well lets wait and see ok?  After all we are going back so the three of you can talk with Mr. David and see what you all think of him."  She said reminding Sharon of their reason for me coming home.

	During dinner we talked about everything from school which I found out they were home schooled and Debbie worked her practice around their hours, that they all loved swimming and water volleyball.  They all had hobbies that they liked and enjoyed, the girls were interested in collecting different types of art work and drawings of unicorns and fairies.  Donny loved collecting hot wheels cars that he had been doing since he was around five years old.  He said his whole room was full of hot wheels cars.  I suggested that he have little shelves to put them in and show since some of the were probably worth a few dollars being that old.  He liked the idea but said that he didn't know where he could get little shelves like that.  With a smile I told him that maybe someone like me could help him build them which he liked that idea.

	After dinner we all went back to their home with me following them in my car.  Their home was a few miles away near the edge of town.  I was surprised it was a large home sitting on a couple acres of ground with a large gated fence around the place.  We pulled up to the garage getting out the kids went to the door with Debbie and I following.  As we all went inside Donny asked if it was ok if he could get comfortable looking at his mom then me.  "Do you mind if the kids want to be naked?" Debbie asked looking at me.  "No they are welcome to wear or not wear whatever they want.  I've told you what my background was like and how I grew up."  I said looking at her.  "Well in that case why not prove it, that is unless you are talk and not action.  A lot can be said of a man when it comes to his control over himself, as my dad would always say."  Debbie stated looking at me with a smile.

	"Are you sure, I mean we had just recently met."  I stated now worried about my control but the idea of her children as well.  "Kids do any of you mind if David were to get comfortable as well?" Debbie asked looking at the three of them.  "No we were hoping he would" Karen stated with a big smile on her face.  "Ok then why don't you three go to your rooms, put your clothes away while David and I get a little more comfortable as well then all meet back down here in the living room where we can talk."  Debbie stated looking at them.  "As for you and I we can go to my room where you can place your clothes for now, that is unless you feel too uncomfortable about it."

	"No I'm ok with this but I will tell you up front now, its been a few days for me and you are a very attractive woman.  Not that I would hurt or harm the kids but seeing you naked might tend to arouse me."  I said with a big smile on my face.  "Well you'll just have to try and keep some control on that for now.  Think of it as being at some type of function where no sex is allowed.  I'm sure you've been someplace like that before haven't you?" She asked.  "Yes a couple times we went to a resort when I was younger."  

	"Ok then think of it as being at a resort and keep eye contact rather then thinking of sex if that is on your mind." She stated laughingly as we started up the stair then down the hall passing Donny's room first his door was open and noticed that he was already naked his cock standing straight out fully erect as he folded his pants placing them on his dresser.  As we walked a little further passing the girl's room they as well were both naked already giggling I could hear them talking about how much fun it was going to be.  I wasn't sue what fun they were talking about as I followed Debbie on to her room where we undressed.  Debbie was a little surprised when I pulled my briefs off seeing I was shaven.  "Oh you prefer being bald too" she said as I looked over seeing she was bald too.  "Do you shave or did you have it permanently removed?"  She asked.  "No I shave I haven't been brave enough to have it removed like that."  I stated with a smile, "How about you?"

	"I had mine permanently removed about three years ago and have been very happy about it since.  I will admit though that it did hurt and bother me for about two weeks as it healed.  I thought my pussy was on fire for a while but have been very happy about it since." She stated as she walked over by me, "Shall we go on back down by the kids." leading the way out of the room back down the hall the kids were already down stairs sitting on the sofa.  Walking in I could see that Donny's cock was still fully erect as the girls set next to him.  I noticed that none of them seemed to have any hair or even fuzz that I could see yet or maybe they shaved it off.  Both of the girls were beautiful, their little breasts were just starting to bud, looking about the size of a half of golf ball with tiny peas on the tip sticking out hard.

	"Well looks like all three of you are excited to see David" she said noticing the same things I did only I didn't say anything.  "Mom you piggy, you remember the way daddy was about us running around naked and would never let us see him."  Sharon stated with her eyes locked on my cock.  "Yeah mom, we never got to see dad walking around naked or anything else that you told us about, remember" Karen added who as well was looking directly at my cock.  I could feel a certain sexual excitement in the room around me as I walked over sitting down on the recliner I could feel my cock starting to stir but continued to try and keep it blocked out.  Debbie set down on the sofa next to Donny glancing down at his cock with a smile, "Are you ok or do you want to relax a little first?" she asked looking at him then back down at his cock.  "Its ok mom, I'm just excited like they are."  He said as if it was natural between them.  "Ok you three since we are all sitting here who would like to ask David anything you want.  Remember we are home, anything we say, talk about, or hear, stays here in the home.  David that includes you as well, it is our family ground rules and keeps us all safe."  Debbie stated looking over at me.

	"I have no problem with that we had the same ground rules in our home though now as an adult I can talk about it or at least talk about it with like minded people."  I said as I looked at the three of them.

	"Mr. David, if you were to be our dad would you let us be naked as much as we wanted to?" Sharon asked looking at me.  "Yes, as I told your mom I grew up in a open and loving home such as you have here. There is nothing wrong with being naked or wearing what you wish and feel comfortable in, as long as we, meaning your mom or I if I were your new dad said it was safe."  I stated back to her.

	"Mr. David if we wanted to see something and asked you to show us, would you?" Karen asked with a grin.  "Well now that would all depend on your mom and the ground rules that are set down here in the home.  There are some things that I don't know if you might ask or not that could be very serious ones, which I feel that she would have to have an answer in as well."  I said looking over at Debbie.  "Dave, the girls and Donny as well all three know all the facts of life, they are fully aware of reproduction, masturbation, and pretty much everything about sex except what they don't know is very much about a male adult or what actual sex feels like.  My answer to that is that if they ask anything that they are welcome to know and experience, however the only limitation to that would be that under no condition should they ever be hurt, threatened, or forced to do something that they don't wish to do.  Here in this house we don't touch another unless we ask first.  For example if I felt that Donny needed some relief I would ask him if he wanted me to do it for him or if he felt the need to relax.  He could either tell me he wanted to and walk away to take care of his problem, ask me if I would assist him which I would either accept or say no not at that time, or he could tell me as he did that he was fine.  If one of the girls wanted to experience intercourse I would expect that it be done in a gentle loving way.  If Donny wanted to experience it that it not be felt of as being gay but a learning experience as you had told me you felt with your parents.  Now I hope that answers that question."

	"Mr. David if I wanted to play with your cock and feel what it was like since its different then mine would you let me if I asked?"  Donny asked looking at me.  "To be honest Donny I've only ever touched one other male's cock or ever had one other male touch me which was my dad.  He not only taught me different ways to masturbate but he taught me about anal sex and how it was much safer with a girl then intercourse.  He as well not only taught me how to do it but I experienced it with him doing it to me so that I would know what it felt like and how enjoyable it could be if done correctly.  He as well explained what it would be like if not done properly but never hurt me.  If you were to ask me and I were you dad, I would tell you yes if the time was right.  If it wasn't then I would ask you to wait till later but would at a later time that day or evening then allow it."

	"Mr. David if you were to walk past our room and see Karen and I doing something would you stop us or would you bother us in any way if we weren't hurting each other?"  Sharon asked.  "Now that would depend, if you are talking about the two of you having some type of sexual play with each other, I wouldn't bother you however I might pull your door closed to allow you some personal time.  If I saw you with some type of dildo or something that I thought would hurt one of you, I might say something about it or ask you.  If you were to give me a good answer then I would once again leave you pulling your door closed so that the two of you could enjoy some personal time."

	"Wow mom, where did you find him at?  He's not anything like dad was" Donny stated.  Debbie only smiled looking at me, "Sounds like so far you are winning them over."

	"Mr. David, do you ever get an erection or cum?" Karen sounded off looking over at my cock that was still laying there limp.  "Actually yes I get erections often and yes I can climax.  In fact I have climaxed as much as ten times in one day without being painful.  May I ask why?"  I asked looking at her with a smile.  "Because you don't have an erection its just laying there.  Our mom is beautiful and I know we are sill young but we are nice looking aren't we?"  She asked now putting me on the spot.  "My dear princess, you along with your sister and your mother are all three very beautiful.  Your brother Donny is a very handsome young man and all three of you are growing up to be heart breakers.  The reason my cock or penis depending on what you call it is laying there is because I am in control of my feelings right now.  Our conversation though very erotic isn't of a sexual nature, I am not thinking any kind of sexual thoughts, I don't have any kind of sexual feelings that are happening to me or around me, so for me it is easy to have control.  Now if as was being said a moment ago, I were to see you two girls enjoying some personal time together my cock might start to stir, but then walking away I would be in control.  If like Donny asked wanted to fondle or play with me or either of you wanted to then yes my cock would start to stir and become erect.  I hope that explains things better." 

	"Mom can we please?" Karen asked looking over at her mom.  I guess wanting some type of approval and thought that maybe I was a liar too.  "Yes you have my permission but remember you have to ask someone else too."  She stated smiling back.  "Mr. David can we play with your cock?  We want to see it get hard and cum like mom has told us about.  Donny's does but there isn't much yet.  She says that a lot can come out of a man's and we want to see."  Karen asked looking right at me.  I was a little shocked looking over at Debbie as if for her approval.  "I have no problem with it at all, as long as they don't get hurt its the only way they are able to know and learn." Debbie stated, "Besides I would like to see just how you respond and interact with them as well."

	"Ok where and how?" I asked since I was sitting in the recliner, "Do you want me to lay on the floor or what?"

	"Yes please that would be great" Sharon stated as all three kids got up as I did as well laying down on the carpet Donny brought me over a pillow for my head.  "May I play with you too?" He asked looking down at me, his cock was still standing fully erect.  "Yes I imagine you can, are you sure you don't need some release as well?" I asked thining a little hand job probably would help him relax a little.  I was more surprised with his answer to me though.  "Would you suck it for me?  Mom has a couple times and so has Karen and Sharon but mom says that only another guy knows what it is really like and how to make it feel the best since they don't have cocks and we do."  

	"Well she is right in a way, they can only go by what we tell them and don't know first hand.  I imagine if you would like me to then yes since your mom said that it was fine."  I said with a smile, "Probably the best way would be if you were to come down over my head on your knees that way if you feel the urge to hump you can and still give you access to mine too."  I stated trying to think of the best way for all three of them to do this.  Meanwhile another part of my brain still was having a time with the thought that their mother was sitting there watching all of this going on.  Donny wasted no time coming down over me I had a much better view of his cock and sac.  Sure enough he had been shaving what hair or fuzz he had off, or at least someone had been.  I opened my mouth as Donny guided his cock in I began sucking running my tongue over the head as my lips drew his foreskin back.  Meanwhile both girls had been fondling my cock and in only a few moments I had a full erection.  I could feel pre-cum leaking out of the head when suddenly I felt something else.  One of the three had put their mouth over my cock head running their tongue over it licking my juices off.  A moment later I could feel the cool air as they lifted their mouth off only to feel it back on, or maybe it was another's.  A few more seconds later, once again I felt a coolness then I felt another mouth only this time I could feel Donny's weight shifting forward.  It was his own mouth now on my cock, which sent images flashing though my mind.  I wish I could have seen them but just the fact of knowing that it was his mouth caused me to suck him a little harder and quicker.  

	Only a few moments later once again there was that coolness as Donny lifted himself up a little began humping my face.  He was nearing a climax and was going to be sure that he loved every moment of it.  Drawing my lips a little tighter as I ran my tongue along the shaft.  Donny was humping faster and I as well felt myself nearing a climax too as both girls were stroking my cock and fondling my sac.  Suddenly Donny pushed himself fully down, his cock buried in my mouth grinding his groin against my lips and face I felt him cumming.  It wasn't a few drops like had been described but one, two, then a third good shots.  Wad after wad in my mouth hitting the back of my throat and down as I swallowed.  I too started to climax as the girls massaged my cock more quickly, shot after shot as wads of my cum came shooting out hitting them, their hands, my stomach and even Donny.  They all three giggled about it and even heard one of the two saying, "Humm it tastes sweet not salty like Donny's".  That was true Donny's was a little on the salty side but it wasn't piss, it was thicker then that.  I was having a hard time breathing since Donny was still buried on me but heard Debbie, "Ok you three you've had a little fun and got to see what you wanted for the moment.  How about letting David up now before you crush him."

	With that Donny lifted himself up off me, "But mom he's still messy" Sharon said then suddenly went down sucking my cock as I lifted my head to see her taking almost my full length sucking me like a pro.  "I want some more too" Karen said as she pushed her sister causing her head to pull back but not before her teeth slid over my cock causing a little pain, then Karen quickly went down sucking as well as if trying to suck milk through a straw bobbed her head up and down milking me dry.  "Ok you two no fighting, now let him up" Debbie said as she came over with a damp hand towel handing it to me.  "Here you go I'm sure there's some that they missed" she stated with a smile.

	"Wow that was fun and mom you're right it is different" Donny stated as he said down giving his now limping cock a little tug.  "Yeah I want to do it again" Karen stated giggling.  "No first off a man can't recover that quickly like a woman can, but remember we didn't bring David here for that reason.  We brought him here to talk and decide about maybe him becoming your new dad." Debbie said as I stood up next to her.  "I'm sure you probably have something to say about this as well.  To be honest I didn't expect anything like this to happen this quickly and do apologize for that, but I will say that you handled you self very well, better then even I had expected and I'm surprised that they have all taken to you as they have so quickly."  I walked over sitting back down on the recliner waiting to hear from them and find out what was next.  

	"Well you three now that you have let more then a cat or two out of the bag, and taken advantage of David in many ways more then I had expected of any of you ( looking over at Donny saying that ), I want to hear what you think about things." 

	"I want him to stay and be our dad" Karen stated with a big smile then came over sitting down on my lap putting her arm around my neck.  I could feel the heat coming from between her legs not only that but she was very wet too.

	"I agree" Sharon said as she came over standing next to me put her arm around my neck hugging me.

	"How about you Donny, what do you think or want since you seem to have enjoyed yourself the most?" Debbie asked looking at him.  At first Donny didn't answer but rather stood up walking over to the recliner knelt down in front of me and leaning up against my legs, "Would you be our new dad, come live with us, and play with us for ever?" he asked looking up at me.  "Well Dave looks like they have had their stay, I guess its up to you and I now.  Rather then answering right now why don't you stay the night and we can give them our answer in the morning." Debbie said with a smile knowing that she would like to have some time with me as well and see if I am as much a man as she thought.

	"That sounds like the best idea, we will give you three our answer in the morning" I said looking at them.  "Mom since we have to wait can we go swimming for a while or play in the jucuzzi for a while before bed?"  Karen asked looking over at her.  "I think that would be a good idea, it would give us all a little time to relax and recover as well" she  said looking at me again with a smile.

	We all got up heading out to the back yard where the pool was.  The kids and I jumped in when Debbie stood at the pool's edge.  "I'm not much for a swim, I'm going to make some snacks and something for us to drink while you four have fun in the pool.  I'll join you in a little while in the jucuzzi" she said as she turned walking away.  "Do you want the pool lights on?" she asked as she neared the door.  "No mom leave them off please" Karen called out back to her.  "It's ok, there's a full moon and plenty of light from it" I answered as well.  We were all still in the shallow end of the pool both Sharon and Karen were next to me as Donny was swimming around.  "Donny got to have some fun I want some too" Karen said as she reached down fondling my cock.  "I do too" Sharon added with her hand helping her sister's, "I want to feel it in me" she said softly where only Karen and I could hear her.  "I do too" Karen replied.  "What about the fact that you two could get pregnant?" I asked looking at them.  'No we can't mom started getting us the pills a couple months ago when we started playing with Donny and mom found out he could squirt a little.  She didn't want something to happen so she got a doctor friend to prescribe them for us."  Karen said with a big smile.  "Yeah we can only get pregnant if we want to and decide not to take them" Sharon added.  Hearing that along with the fact that I had two ten year old girls fondling my cock wanting me to fuck them had me rock hard again.

	"Me first" Karen stated as she moved in front of me putting her arms around my neck hopped up wrapping her legs around my waist.  She almost had a perfect shot but was slightly off sending my cock under her rather then in.  Reaching under her holding her with my hands I helped line her up then let her begin slowly pulling herself to me.  We moved to the four foot deep area where she was less weight by the water and a little harder to see.  In a moment or two she had my full length buried in her.  It was a tight fit but like that of a glove and wasn't painful for either of us.  "Wow he's all the way up inside me and I can feel him hitting my womb" Karen said to her sister.  "Well you know that you have to share and only one of you are going to get me when I climax."  I said looking at the two of them.  "We know I get you first then Sharon gets to feel you cum then next time Sharon will go first and then I get to feel you cum.  We had already talked about it when we were in our room getting ready."  Karen announced.  So that was what that was all about I thought to myself.  Karen rode me for about five minutes when she began to climax sending wave after wave of pleasure through her young body.  I held her tightly as she enjoyed every moment of it, though I was close to cumming I was able to hold back so that Sharon would be able to enjoy herself as well.  Another minute or two Karen was recovering from her climax as Sharon was waiting her turn.  As soon as Karen slid off my cock Sharon was right there taking her place and like her sister did the same allowing my cock to be under her then holding her allowed her to slid herself down on it.  

	Like her sister I bottomed out hitting her womb I could feel the pressure pushing against it with each stroke we took.  "Sharon I have a feeling that I'm going to push through into your cervix if we buck too hard.  If that happens it could hurt but would have extreme pleasure as well.  I don't know if you are ready for something like that or not" I said as Sharon continued bucking, pounding herself against me.  "We did that before with our dildo we play with, it hurts some but it felt real good too" Karen said standing next to her.  "Well if it happens the only thing I can do is cover her mouth with mine so she doesn't make too much noise."  I stated as I felt myself nearing climax.  Sharon as well was getting closer bucking harder and harder I never knew a ten year old could have such a sexual lust like she was.  Suddenly Sharon's body started to tremble and shake as she went over the edge causing me too as well I pushed my mouth over her's sending my tongue deep into her mouth as my cock slammed hard against her punching through into her womb while wad after wad of my seed began filling her.  Sharon let out with a muffled yell or scream but it didn't go anywhere, then her eyes seemed to roll back and her body went limp.  All the time I continued feeling her contracting squeezing my cock hard as it pumped my seed deep inside her.  I held her tightly for a few moments as her climax rolled through her body, then as I felt it begin to relax a little I slowly pulled back just enough to release my cock from her cervix.  I felt a gasping breath come from Sharon as she sucked air in through her nose while my mouth still covered hers.  Her body was limp, supported only by my cock and hands holding on to her.  Even her grip around my neck was nothing more then limp arms dangling there.  I was a little worried that I might had hurt her but continued to hold on to her.  Almost two or three minutes passed by before she started to move at all.  I could feel the contractions inside her body were ending no longer milking my cock.  "Sharon honey are you ok?" I asked softly as her eyes opened looking at me.  Then a big smile came over her face as she gripped her arms around my neck kissed me on the lips, "That was the most wonderful thing I've ever felt in my whole life" she said.  Ever so slowly we began to release our grip on each other as I gently drew my cock back out of her.  As I did she felt a rush of water enter her tunnel causing her a little gasping sound again then giggled about it.  "Wow just wait you won't believe it" she said to Karen as she finally put her legs back down in the pool.  All the time Donny seemed to ignore us swimming back and forth, occassionally splashing around.

	I noticed a single thread of my cum floating up off my cock head as we stood there.  Donny had swam over to where we were standing, "You guys done yet?" He asked and then realized that he was the watch dog for us. "Yeah thanks brother" Karen said as she leaned over kissing his cheek.  He noticed the thread of cum reaching down stroked my cock taking it in his hand.  "Hum left overs" he said drawing the cum up out of the water licked his hand then looked at me.  "We want you to be our dad and will be sure that you are as happy as you make us" he stated then started swimming again.  I couldn't believe it these kids were a lot more advanced in their knowledge then their years.  They didn't act like ten and eleven year olds but more like adults in childlike bodies!  It was another five or ten minutes when Debbie came back out with a tray of snacks and drinks.  By now having came twice, I needed some energy so I could be ready for mom later that evening.  This was going to be a marriage made in heaven and was so happy that I met Debbie and her delights.  

Copyright (c) 2007,   Byteman2000.  ALL Rights Reserved

================================
This story is a work of fiction.  Names, characters, places, and incidents either are products of the author's imagination or are used fictitiously.  Any resemblance to actual events or locales or persons, living or dead, is entirely coincidental.

===============================
Wish to read more texts of this writer?
To load archive, pass to a file  0contbyt2000.htm   in the same catalogue.
Or on my homepage Sergdriver
http://www.asstr.org/files/Authors/Sergdriver/www/index.htm
There more many fascinating stories of other writers and mine too!
=================================