                  


 Nerve Endings - 1
 by DeeDee (deedeeo18@hotmail.com)
***

 A day at the park and a naked exhibition by a ten year 
old girl. (MFg, extreme-ped, exh)

***

 Nerve endings. That's what the doctor told my mom when 
she asked him why I squirmed so much when I was touched 
in any way as a baby

 I still can remember my mother bathing me and running 
the wash cloth over my super sensitive skin. I loved 
the feel of it as she dragged it over my nipples and 
over my bottom and up under my legs to clean my little 
cunt. Of course at the time I had no idea what I was 
feeling, but I wanted more of that sensation, so I 
would squirm faster and faster as she rubbed me until I 
would have a sort of baby orgasm, if there is such a 
thing.

 As I bucked my little hips against the towel she would 
smile and push harder and say "If I didn't know better 
I would say you were fucking this towel, you horny 
little thing!" Then she would rub powder all over me 
until I was shaking so hard I would have another little 
orgasm.

 Since I was so sensitive the doctor recommended that I 
should not wear clothes as much as possible, so mom let 
me run around in only diapers until I was potty trained 
at which time I would go completely naked, unless we 
went out of the house to the store or other errands, at 
which time I would wear only a light cotton tee shirt. 
I remember loving the feel of the shirt moving over my 
skin, rubbing my little nipples, and caressing my 
bottom and occasionally blowing into my cunt lips at 
which time I would orgasm again.

 At around three I discovered that I liked kissing my 
mom. She was always affectionate and would hug and kiss 
me as I grew older but this one day it turned into 
something else. As she pressed her lips to my cheek I 
turned slightly until her lips brushed across mine. 

 A bolt of electricity shot through my nerve endings in 
my lips and I was shaking like a leaf as I pressed my 
mouth harder against hers. She pulled back with a 
shocked look on her face and I was afraid I had done 
something wrong and began to cry. She hugged my naked 
body to her and said it was all right, she was just 
surprised, I guess.

 I said, "Mom, can I kiss you again? She looked puzzled 
but said O. K. and once again I placed my little mouth 
on hers and breathed in her scent as I sucked greedily 
on her lips and began panting harder and harder. My 
squirming on her lap evidently was having an effect on 
her because she blushed and broke us apart and said, 
"Whoa! What's with you today?" 

 I said, "I'm sorry but it feels so good when I kiss you 
mom, do you mind?"

 She said, "Well, it's alright but is it turning you on 
or is it your nerve endings again?" 

 I said, "I don't know, but I get all tingly between my 
legs when I do it and I love that feeling!" 

 She kissed me lightly on the lips and said, "Well, if 
it feels so good you can kiss me any time you want, but 
we can't let anyone else know how it makes you feel 
until you get much older, Okay?" 

 I hugged her tight and said, "I love you mom." 

 "I love you too, honey."

 By age ten I was starting to fill out already with cute 
little rosebud breasts and very large for my age cunt 
lips. I still went naked most of the time unless Dad 
was home when I would wear my tee shirts only, no 
panties. In fact I don't think I have ever worn panties 
to this day. 

 My nipples, if anything got more and more sensitive and 
my tees would literally rub me to an orgasm just 
walking around the house. Evidently the nerve ending 
situation extended to my insides to where I could 
almost orgasm on demand with just a slight rub from my 
clothing. And I developed such a craving that I was in 
a constant state of arousal all day long!

 We had always gone to the park on weekdays to visit 
with the moms and I could play on the swings, and the 
fountain in the center of the play area. Since I was 
small for my age everyone thought I was just a little 
kid so I used that to my advantage to stare et the 
little boys' penises when their mom's let them 
play nude on very hot days.

 It was on one of those occasions that I thought I would 
try something daring and went over to the bench where 
the moms were sitting and said, "Mommy? Can I take off 
my clothes and play in the fountain?" 

 My mother pulled me close and said, "Baby, there are 
people here, are you sure?" One of the other moms 
said, "Oh, let her, it's just little kids and all the 
boys are already naked and playing in the water." 

 Mom winked at me and said, "Okay,but be careful."

 I smiled and slowly began to pull my tee shirt up over 
my head. There was an audible gasp from the bench when 
I pulled it all the way off and the ladies saw my cute 
little nipples standing out and my cunt lips swollen 
up. One lady sitting next tom my mom said, "My God, she 
is turning into a beautiful little lady, isn't she?" 

 I blushed and smiled at her as I turned slowly in place 
and I could see a bead of sweat form on her upper lip 
as she stared at my body with lust in her eyes. I 
thought, this is going to be better than I thought, as 
I ran over to the swings and slid my naked bottom over 
the warm leather seat which sent vibrations through my 
cunt and I felt my nipples pushing even more erect.

 I slowly pumped the swing back and forth until I began 
to feel the breeze across my cunt lips as I opened my 
legs on the downswing. Higher and higher and faster and 
faster I went as the air caressed my naked body and 
sent waves of pleasure through my nipples and bottom 
and cunt. I spread my legs even further apart to 
embrace the wind now blowing almost into my opening. 

 I began to sweat as I worked harder and harder against 
the now wet leather strap that formed the swing seat. 
The sweat now made my body glisten as I pumped myself 
through orgasm after orgasm. By now I was throwing my 
head back and panting and moaning as I humped the seat 
and shook. "Oh, God I'm cumming!" I shouted, as the 
contractions surged through my now soaking wet cunt.

 Fortunately my cries were drowned out by the little 
boys in the fountain as I came over and over until I 
had to finally let the, "dog die". 

 I stood up on shaking legs and walked over to the 
crowd at the fountain and moved beneath the little 
spray coming from the little boy statue's mouth. The 
little boys stared at my cunt lips and I saw their 
little cocks spring up in the air as I let the water 
drip off the ends of my nipples and clit. 

 I opened my mouth and let the spray kiss me as the 
water ran down the sides of my mouth and I sucked on 
the water and humped my butt against the little boys 
hard penis on the fountain until I felt it slide between my 
rear end cheeks. I began to shove harder until it 
entered my little pucker and I gasped and twitched as
I humped and grunted, "Uumph, uumph unh, unh," over and
over until I came hard and threw my head back as the
water stroked my nipples and cunt lips.

 As the orgasm subsided I slowly came to and realized 
the lady next to my mom was staring with her mouth open 
and her chest heaving and sweat running down her blouse 
until I could see her nipples jutting out stiff with 
lust as she drooled at me.

 I walked over shakily to mom acting like a little girl, 
all shivering with my arms in front of my breasts. Mom 
started toweling me off and I almost swooned with 
delight. The lady next to her was clearly having 
trouble keeping her composure as she was rubbing her 
legs together and licking her lips. Mom said, "Why 
don't you take a break and lie down on the towel and 
sunbathe, sweetie?" 

 I said okay and spread the towel out in front of the 
bench, so the ladies could get a good view of my body, 
and lay down on my stomach with my head on my arms and 
my hair covering my face so I could watch to see the 
reaction on their faces.

 I could see they were all checking out my cute little 
butt jutting in the air and as I spread my legs I heard 
a gasp from my lady friend since I knew she was at 
enough of an angle to see my little cunt lips. I 
looked under the magazines the rest of the ladies were 
reading and could see they all had their hands either 
pressed into their dresses or up underneath stroking 
themselves as they ogled my naked body. I slowly moved 
my hands under my hips and slid one finger into my slit 
as I played with my clit with the other. 

 Pretending to have fallen asleep I slowly stroked myself
until I was panting quietly and slowly grinding my 
hips into my hands. I knew they could see my bottom 
clenching and the muscles rippling as I humped my hands 
and my lady voyeur could see my finger in my little 
cunt. 

 I watched as she moved her panties aside and fucked her 
fingers in and out in a frenzy. Seeing this drove me 
over the edge and I shrieked and threw my arms over my 
head and grabbed the towel as wave after wave of 
orgasms wracked my small frame. I checked out mom as I 
came down and her eyes were shining with lust as she 
shuddered out her own orgasm.

 I sat up and mom said, "Did you have a dream?" and I 
smiled and nodded as I sat down between the lady and 
her. I picked up mom's Cosmo and began leafing through 
the pages. 

 Mom put her hand on my left knee and whispered in my 
ear, "Was it good?" 

 I looked up and grinned and nodded. She smiled as she 
rubbed my leg a little higher. I turned the page and 
there was a shot of a model in a next to nothing bikini 
posed provocatively by a pool and I felt the old 
burning in my cunt again. Just then the lady on my 
right placed her hand on my knee and asked" Do you 
think she is sexy looking?" I looked up and smiled and 
nodded.She then said, "I think you are sexier than she is." 

 Mom looked over past me and said, "I think she is too," 
and they chuckled as the lady moved higher on my leg.

 I stared harder at the picture and licked my lips as 
the two hands crept even higher on my legs and I began 
to move my hips down to draw them nearer. I could feel 
my nipples beginning to grow and my lips were swelling 
as I started to pant and slide my bare bottom over the 
now wet planks of the bench. The lady on my right 
removed her left hand and turned toward me and replaced 
it with her right as she began to inch higher. 

 The magazine hid what was going on from the others as 
the lady put her arm behind my neck ad leaned closer to 
whisper in my ear, "Would you like to see my breasts?" she 
whispered, and I looked down as she unbuttoned her 
blouse. 

 I could see her nipples standing up on the end of her 
smooth breasts and it was all I could do to keep from 
grabbing them. Mom said, "She really likes to kiss, 
don't you honey?" I nodded as the lady moved her 
fingers ever upward toward my naked cunt lips.

 I turned my lips up to her and she lightly bit my lower 
lip as her hand brushed my cunt causing me to jump and 
moan. I leaned my head back against her arm and opened 
my mouth wide as she explored my mouth with her tongue. 
I felt her finger enter my cunt and felt mom rub my 
clit as I rocked back and forth on the wet seat. 

 I held onto the ladies arm with my hands tight as she pistoned 
her hand in and out and I whispered, "Oh fuck me please, 
faster!" By now I was writhing around on the bench 
wildly as the magazine fell to the ground and I felt 
the sun on my cunt as the lady fucked me harder and 
harder. I started panting," unh, unh, unh, oh, oh, oh, 
unh, unh oh, FUCK ME, FUCK ME!" I shouted into her 
mouth as she sucked on my tongue. 

 I could hear sucking sounds as she pounded my cunt and 
I screamed, "I'm cumming! I'm cumming! Oh God I'm 
coming! FUCK ME!" I thrust my hips in the air as my 
legs twitched and I flailed all over the bench between 
the two ladies.

 I finally dropped back on the bench as I passed out. 
When I came to I was lying on the bench with a wet 
towel over my body and everybody gone except Mom. 
"Welcome back, my little sexpot," she smiled down at me 
and I grinned as I said, "Wow, that was awesome!" and 
she laughed. 

 We walked over to the SUV and I climbed in and threw 
the towel in the backseat and curled up by mom as we 
left the park.

Continued in part 2...

