Stephen looked around the house and sighed. It was a total mess. It even made their office look well ordered. He started tidying it up almost without thinking about it. He thought that might be one of the reasons Cutter kept him around. Originally he'd meant to only crash on the couch for a couple of nights, but somehow he'd ended up helping Cutter clear all the junk out of his spare room and then moved into it. Cutter wouldn't even let him pay rent. As long as he split the bills and helped with the chores, Cutter said that was enough. The mortgage had been paid off already and it wasn't as if he needed the money.

If anyone had asked him before he moved in, Stephen would have laid good odds that working together and living together would have led to them killing each other within a month, but actually they got on remarkably well, their smooth working relationship translating seamlessly to living together. Cutter cooked, Stephen did the dishes. Cutter gardened (and wasn't that a surprise, apparently he liked roses), and Stephen kept the house tidy. The laundry they shared between them, whoever noticed it needed doing, did it. It worked surprisingly well.

Deciding he might as well do a load of laundry while he was at it, he ran up to his room and emptied his bag over the bed. Somehow three days away seemed to have led to a week's worth of dirty clothing. Tossing it all into the hamper, he slipped into Cutter's room to collect his as well and shove it all in the machine. He was already picking up discarded socks and t shirts when he realised that it wasn't just men's clothing on the bed and floor. He smiled slowly – it looked like Cutter had taken advantage of having the house to himself for a while to have some company over. Under the pretence of looking for more laundry, he started to snoop in earnest. There was a dress on the bed, a pretty pale blue that would complement Cutter's eyes. He wondered if that was a coincidence or if Cutter's friend had known that when she'd bought the dress. There were also a couple of discarded blouses as well. When he saw the lacy black bra he decided he was intruding and backed out of the room hurriedly, grabbing the laundry on his way out.

His blush slowly faded as he filled the washing machine. He couldn't believe he'd been prying into the clothing of someone he'd never met. It wasn't even like he needed to, eventually Cutter would be home, presumably with his date since he wasn't expecting Stephen home until the next day. He could see her then.

Determined to concentrate on something other than Cutter's mysterious lady friend, he headed into the bathroom to continue with his cleaning. The room was even messier than usual and there was make up strewn across all the counters. He sighed. Typical, Cutter had managed to find a woman even messier than himself. He didn't know where to put the make up so he simply tidied it up and stacked it on the counters. He grinned a little to himself when he saw the bright red lipstick – apparently Cutter's date had an adventurous side.

He'd make himself scarce after he'd introduced himself to the woman, he didn't want to intrude and it was Cutter's house after all. He felt a slight pang at that. If this relationship got serious, Cutter would probably want him out of the way. He'd probably want to move anyway, he didn't like being a third wheel. He hadn't even considered what would happen if one of them met someone - he'd been content to let things go on as they were.

He was on his second beer and even the highlights of the football were well over by the time he heard Cutter's key in the front door. He sat up and stretched, turning towards the hallway. "Hey. I got back early I hope you don't ..." He stopped mid-sentence and stared at Cutter.

Cutter was standing in the doorway, looking like a rabbit caught in the headlights, which was an expression Stephen thought was probably on his face as well. Cutter's hair was actually tidy, for once, and he was wearing make up – eye shadow, bright red lipstick, and Stephen was pretty sure he had mascara on as well. He wasn't sure about blusher since most of Cutter's blood seemed to have rushed to his face. Stephen's blood was busy rushing somewhere else, but it wasn't the make up that had caught his attention. Cutter was wearing a red blouse that clung to ample cleavage, which he hadn't had the last time Stephen had seen him, and a tight, black mini skirt. "Oh God," Stephen gasped.

Stephen's words seemed to shake Cutter out of his daze. The colour drained from his face and he rushed towards the stairs, intent on getting to his bedroom.

Jumping off the couch, Stephen chased after him, getting into the hallway just in time to see him catch his heel and start to fall. Grabbing him, Stephen steadied him and then pushed him gently against the wall. He knelt down and carefully removed Cutter's shoes. "Sexy as these are I think you're safer without them," he said, with a teasing smile.

"What?" Cutter's face scrunched up in confusion as he looked down at Stephen.

"You shaved your legs," Stephen said, running his hands slowly up Cutter's strangely smooth legs. He spread Cutter's legs further apart as his hands slid higher. "Can I?" he asked breathlessly as his fingers slipped under the edge of the mini skirt.

Cutter hesitated, still unsure what was happening.

"Please," Stephen asked, softly. "Let me?"

Cutter groaned and let his head fall back against the wall. On his knees and begging was a good look for Stephen and a man would have to be a monk to turn him down. "Yes," he sighed softly.

Stephen smiled brightly and pushed his hands further up Cutter's legs, not stopping until the skirt was bunched around his waist and his silken underwear was on display. Leaning forwards slowly so that Cutter could see what he had planned and could stop him if he wanted, he nuzzled the slight bulge in Cutter's panties and then slid them down his legs. The other man needed no encouragement to step out of them. As soon as it was free of the tight, binding underwear, Cutter's cock rose up almost upright.

Stephen licked his lips at the sight and then ran his tongue along the hot, hard length. He moaned quietly at the taste and then took it in his mouth awkwardly. It would have been easier if his hands weren't both clenched tight in the fabric of Cutter's skirt, holding it up around his waist and almost massaging it as he sucked him, but he didn't want to let go of it.

Cutter groaned, his legs trembling as he fought to stay upright and not just slide down the wall to land in Stephen's lap. If he did that the other man might stop sucking him and he didn't want to risk that happening. He dropped one hand to rest gently on Stephen's head, carding his fingers through his hair encouragingly.

Slowly Stephen took him all the way in, swallowing around him before sliding back and sucking him. He kept it up until he could taste the pre-come on his tongue. Then he fluttered his tongue against the underside and hummed. It was all the stimulation Cutter needed to come, shouting Stephen's name.

Stephen licked him clean and then stood up, gently tugging Cutter's skirt back into place. He leaned closer, hesitating, a breath away from Cutter's bright red lips. "Can I?" he asked again.

Cutter slid a hand into Stephen's hair and pulled him forward so that their lips met, kissing him slowly. He moaned when Stephen's tongue slipped past his lips and into his mouth, exploring and teasing before the other man pulled back.

Smiling Stephen brushed his thumb against the corner of Cutter's mouth. "I think I smudged your lipstick."

Cutter blushed at the tender touch.

"Until tonight I didn't think you knew how to blush," Stephen teased.

Wriggling against him, Cutter realised Stephen was still hard. He reached between them and squeezed him through his jeans.

Stephen groaned and arched into the touch. "Fuck, Cutter, stop. You look incredible like this and I'm going to come in my jeans in a minute."

"I can think of a better place to come," Cutter told him with a smirk. He pushed Stephen back a little further and then turned around, bracing himself against the wall.

Stephen gasped and squeezed his cock tightly. "You're trying to kill me."

He dropped to his knees again and pushed Cutter's skirt back up around his waist. Squeezing his arse quickly he spread the cheeks and buried his face in the crack. He couldn't draw this out, he was much too turned on. Next time, he promised himself. So instead of teasing he pushed his tongue into Cutter's body, relishing the needy whine it drew from him.

He fucked Cutter with his tongue until the other man was trying to wriggle out of his grip and push back. "I need lube or something. What do you have?"

Cutter groaned. "Nothing, but there's a condom in my wallet. Use spit and then the condom's lubricated. It'll have to do."

Stephen hesitated. "I don't want to hurt you."

"If you don't fuck me now, I will kill you," Cutter growled.

Stephen chuckled hoarsely. "Well, when you put it like that..." He sucked one finger into his mouth, getting it nice and slick before pushing it into Cutter's arse. He groaned as his finger was almost sucked into the hot, tight hole. Even despite the lack of proper lube, he could slide it in and out easily, Cutter was clearly no virgin, so he quickly added more saliva and a second finger. Crooking them he brushed over Cutter's prostate, making the other man cry out.

"God, you look irresistible like this," he sighed. Pushing a third finger into his body was more difficult and he felt Cutter tense up, but he was still thrusting back onto Stephen's fingers. "Where's your wallet?"

Cutter groaned, trying to think clearly, something that was increasingly difficult as Stephen's fingers thrust in and out of his body. "Jacket pocket," he gasped.

Stephen pulled his fingers out carefully and staggered to his feet, pulling Cutter's jacket roughly off the hook and rummaging almost desperately through the pockets. He pulled the wallet out with a cry of triumph and quickly found the condom. He almost fumbled as he ripped the packet open and rolled it onto his hard cock. "Are you sure?"

"Please," Cutter moaned, pushing his arse back lewdly.

Stephen groaned and lined the head of his cock up with the tiny opening. Slowly he pushed forwards until his cock popped past the entrance. Groaning he rested his forehead on Cutter's shoulder and watched as his cock disappeared into the other man's body. Once he was all the way in he took a shaky breath. "Fuck, you look like such a slut with your skirt round your waist and my cock in your arse."

Cutter forced himself to relax as Stephen's cock opened him up. The burn of his entrance was almost painful, but not so much that he wanted it to stop. He shivered at Stephen's words. "You're the one who grabbed me, Stephen. I think that makes you the slut."

Stephen laughed. He leaned forwards so he could whisper in Cutter's ear. "Not compared to you. Scarlet lipstick, a sinful little mini skirt, and your legs spread as I fuck your arse. The only thing that could make it better is if I'd made you keep those fuck me heels on." He groaned. "One day I want you to fuck me while you're wearing them. They make you look wicked."

Cutter shuddered at the filthy little whispers. "Stephen, please."

Pulling out slowly, Stephen slammed all the way back in. "Is that what you want?" he asked hoarsely.

"Christ, yes! Fuck me!"

Stephen growled and gripped Cutter's hips tighter. He started fucking him with quick, hard strokes, too close to the edge to try and savour it or concentrate on making Cutter come first. All he could do was fuck him and hope he enjoyed it as well.

Cutter braced himself against the wall, unable to do anything but stand there and let Stephen fuck him. The other man's grip on his hips stopped him being able to push back or do anything to control the fuck. He couldn't even stroke his own cock because if he moved either of his hands off the wall Stephen's hard strokes would push him into it, face first.

Stephen bit down on Cutter's shoulder as he came, muffling his cry of completion against the other man's flesh. He gasped for breath and then registered Cutter's desperate wriggling. Reaching around, he gripped Cutter's hard cock and stroked it. "So good," he moaned. "Come for me, Cutter. I want to feel you come with my cock still in your arse."

Cutter groaned and squeezed around the softening flesh of Stephen's cock before thrusting into his hand and coming all over the wall. His legs buckled and he slid to the floor, forcing Stephen's cock out of his body as he collapsed. Stephen moaned and pulled the used condom off, staggering into the living room to toss it in the bin before tucking himself back in and doing his jeans up again. When he came back out, Cutter was still kneeling on the floor.

"Come on," he said, tugging him to his feet and scooping up his discarded panties. He kissed him slowly, smiling when Cutter's arms wrapped around his neck. "You need to get that make up off," he said with a smile. "And then I want to take you to bed and see what else we can get up to." He hesitated. "That's all right, isn't it? This wasn't just a one off?"

Cutter smiled back and nuzzled his cheek. "Not unless you want it to be." He could tell it wasn't though from the anxious look on Stephen's face. "I have no idea how this happened, but I want it to happen again, as often as possible."

Stephen laughed happily. "Anything you want. Especially if you'll dress up like that again for me sometime. You make one hell of a woman, Cutter."