Time for a Show
byperseygoddess©

You stare out your bedroom window, while stroking your cock. You knew it was wrong but my god they were so hot. "They" are being the neighbours, two sexy as all hell 20-year-old twins. Identical in every way right down to the tiny mole on their upper right inner thighs and bare waxed pussies. You knew this thanks to the investment of some top quality binoculars. Every day during the summer break so far they had come out mid morning and sunbathed and the best part, cause they were alone they did it naked. Sure they had wraps for answering the door etc but as your spare room overlooked their garden you had a clear view down onto them. It was glorious. Two strawberry blondes, D cup by your assessment, about 5'7 tall, fit tanned and leggy. Just how you liked them.

So your summer break to date had been masturbating to the sight of these two gorgeous creatures each day.

Ashleigh turned to her sister and smiled warmly, "He is watching again." she laughed. Nicole nodded.

"We should really give him something to get worked up about." she smiled.

Ashleigh looked at her sister and wondered what was going through her mind. After all they didn't know you as you were fairly new to the neighbourhood.

"I think we should kiss." Nicole said emphatically rising from the lounger to look her twin in the eye. "I bet he comes at that."

"Niccy we have no idea who he is."

"Relaxes, we have seen him around the place, not too bad on the eyes, You yourself said in a heartbeat you'd fuck him so why not give our audience a little show. I dare you." she added her green eyes flashing wickedly.

You watch in awe as the two young women one more embolden than the other lean in towards each other. "Are they?" you wonder aloud and your cock spurts a load of thick creamy cum as the two twins start to kiss. The one who had sat up cupping her sister's breast and squeezing it slightly. Your hands are gripped tight around the glasses and your hand furiously starts stroking your still hard cock as they deepen the kiss. One pushing the other back down on the lounger, stroking her hands along the identical body beneath her.

Niccy eases Ashleigh down, "Lax Ash," she murmured. "You feel so good." deepening the kiss. Ash's hands moved around her twin's back stroking it slightly as Niccy moved her body more along the length of Ash's. The girls' legs entwined, pressing pussy to pussy, hard erect nipples against each other. Slowly Niccy moves her hand down over her twin's breast, stroking her belly tenderly; wanting to touch that moist wet pussy that she was sure was pulsating like her own. Almost as if it had a separate beat to it. Arching to be touched. Ash's lips parted with a groan of protest that died almost instantly on her lips as Niccy pushed a finger inside her wet cunt and began teasing her younger sibling. Stroking the inside of her pussy lips, flicking her finger over her clit, loving how Ash rocked beneath her touch. "Touch me too." Niccy pleaded sucking on the lobe of her twin.

Amazed at the sight below you, you can not believe what they are doing. You have watched one twin start to finger fuck the other and while your cock is screaming for release you do not want to cum yet again so quickly. Stoking your long dick slowly you savour the view, the hesitant of the two moving her hand to her sisters cunt. Sharpening the focus you see her plunge two fingers into what can only be a sopping wet pussy. In and out she finger fucks her sister. The two of them pressed hard against each other allowing only for the fingers moving now almost in an identical blur in and out of the other. You watch as they cum hard against each others hands, you can see them shaking with their orgasms without the glasses. You feel your cock explode once more as you spurt your cum up over your chest.

Niccy and Ash fall back and apart a little, fingers still buried in each other, kissing softly. Niccy pulls her fingers out of Ash and sucks on them. Ash's eyes widen at the action. "You taste like me too." with that Ash removes her fingers and tastes her twin's cum on them. "Hmm" she agreed. "Nice.

"Ashy," breathed Niccy. "I want to lick you, taste you, and fuck you with my tongue. Can I?" she asked praying for a yes. Without hesitation and perhaps due to the incredible orgasm she had Ashleigh nodded and watched her sister slide down her body and start to lick her pussy juices. Lapping at them, swirling her tongue deep inside her sister's cunt, teasing her clit. Loving how she quivered each time Niccy rubbed her tongue over that sensitive flesh.

"Fuck me, eat me." screamed Ash forgetting any thoughts of forbidden and taboo barriers, her hands pressed hard on her twins head, pushing her deeper into her pussy. "God, yes. Lick me Niccy, taste your sister. Lick her clean. Oh fuck Oh fuck..." she moaned thrusting her hips harder, hands pinching her nipples, raising them to her mouth sucking on a nipple. Biting it slightly.

You feel as though all your dreams are coming true. Oh for a decent camera to record this. Just as the twin is about to cum, she moves and they are in a 69 position. It seems she wants to eat out her sister. The two of them are laid out before your eyes, tongues and pussies. Fingers pinching, stroking, teasing.

Niccy repositions her pussy over her sister's mouth for better access. Ash's tongue sliding in and out faster over the wet cunt, sucking on her clit. The two women moving themselves to another orgasm. Words are lost as they lick, suck at the tender flesh, bringing pleasure to each other.

You watch them buckle and cum. Falling apart sated, mouths slick with pussy juice and then beyond your wildest dreams. You see one of the girls curl her finger and motion for you to come on down. You can not believe they know you are there oh the shame. Checking to make sure you did not mistake the action you look again. Both naked women are crooking their fingers for you to come down.

With a smile you pull your shorts up and bound down the stairs.


Time for a Show Ch. 02

You ignore the front door and move around to the side of the house to the gate you know is there. Knocking on the gate you wait anxiously. Thoughts of doubt running through your mind, 'Did they really mean it, am I going to be arrested? Or worse Shamed in front of two hot chicks, oh god they must have seen me watching.' as you ponder these you almost forget where you are standing when the gate swings open with a creak. Lifting your head you stare at the two twins, with two sets of emerald eyes smiling up at you. You smile shyly recalling how right your assessment was. Two perfect sets of D cup breasts are visible under their wraps. Tall at about 5'7 and sexy coming to just above your shoulder.

Niccy casts an appraising eye over you. Six foot one with dark almost black hair, short in the back and sides. Great abs but a little pale then blushes a little as she realizes you have been watching her and Ash most days not out in the sun. Holding out a hand she introduces herself and her sister Ashleigh. "Come on in" she smiles and turns to lead you around by the pool.

You sense Niccy is the one to take the lead in most things and follow her and her twin Ashleigh, loving the way the silk wraps hug the curves of their bodies. Ashleigh in blue silk and Niccy in green. The wraps ending below the round ass affording you a peak now and then of their sexy asses as they walk. Your cock does not listen to reason but reacts to the sensual strut of the twins and leaps into life, erect and hard tenting your shorts. While their backs are turned you quickly adjust yourself to a less obvious position.

You take an offered seat on the lounger and look up to study the twins, "We had better put some lotion on you gorgeous," smiled Ash reaching for the bottle. They squirt equal amounts into their hands warming it before applying to your skin. Even though it's no longer cool you flinch excitedly at first touch. Up close you realize even in these short moments that you can tell them apart, Ash is more reserved allowing Niccy to take the lead more. Their touch excites you as they stroke the lotion across your body, massaging into your chest. Your cock leaps to life and presses hard against your shorts. Niccy glances down and winks at her sister. "We seem to have two visitors Ash." She smiles. "Perhaps we should put some lotion on him too." Then without warning she undoes the fly on your shorts and pulls them open revealing your 7 inch cock. Purple head bobbing straight up at them. You lift your ass and allow them to tug off your shorts, lying there naked.

Ash stares at her twin and then down to the gorgeous cock bobbing in the sun, in a un-Ash like move she stands and shrugs her wrap off revealing herself to you. Niccy quickly follows suit.

You stare at them. Aching to touch what must be velvet skin; you can smell the hint of sex on them from their previous sessions and see up close that each pussy is still damp with excitement. Niccy takes the lead again and steps closer allowing you to smell her sexual arousal, your tongue snakes across your lip in need. She spits suddenly, dripping saliva onto your cock, you watch, the hardest you have ever been in your life as it drops from her mouth to the cockhead. Glistening in the sun, your dick seems to rise to meet her mouth as she lowers in over you cock.

The feel of her warm wet mouth taking you inside is unbelievable, wet dream come true as you watch her move further down your cock taking you completely inside her mouth. You feel her tongue flick out and lick your balls. You almost blow your cum there and then but are distracted somewhat as Ash steps closer and takes your hand, you move together towards the same destination, her pussy.

Ash gives a half whimper sigh as you insert two fingers deep inside her tight cunt. Leaning towards you she rocks backwards and forwards on your fingers. The feeling of her pussy clenching around your fingers further swells your cock as you think of yourself buried to the hilt in her tight kitty. You are overwhelmed at the experience and want to delay the wave of cum you are sure is about to erupt so you pull your fingers from Ash and suck on them, tasting her sweet cum. You watch as she joins Niccy at your cock wondering what will happen. The two of them start to double team your cock. Two strawberry blond sexy as all hell women taking turns to deep throat your cock. It does not take too long before you about to spurt, with an indication to the twins incase it's not their thing but whoever has their mouth wrapped around your cock is not about to let you go. You feel the pressure of one mouth sucking deeply on your cock as the other moves to start sucking your balls. You explode in a stream of cum ... and then darkness.

You feel the cold touch of ice being rubbed across your chest. You blink rapidly as you open your eyes. The harsh reality of blacking out as you came washes over you and you open the eyes in shame staring up at the twins who are both bent over you concerned looks on their faces. "Hey there, thought we had lost you for a minute."

"Guess I over heated," you reply shamefully

"Well we thought we would try to cool you down which is good you came around," laughs Niccy running a finger nail down your chest. "Because we are so not done with you yet." Finishes Ash bending down to capture a piece of ice in her mouth and run it around the base of your cock which reacts to her touch. With delicate and precise administrations she bends down to work on your cock, licking from shaft to head, teasing and urging your dick to full mast. Niccy moves and stands in front of you, your face centimeters from her clit.

Without invitation you stick out your tongue and moves forward an inch to lick her sopping cunt. She quivers and moves forward, pressing your head to her pussy. You bring your hands up and cup her ass, pulling it apart slightly you start to run a finger around her ass teasing her as you lick at her pussy. Your tongue finding her clit, running over it, pulling the hardened nub into your mouth to suck on. Niccy loves this, her groans exciting Ash who works harder on your cock, sucking your dick with a furious passion. You glance past for a moment to see this sexy woman, sucking your cock with her mouth and sliding her fingers in and out in a blur almost of her pussy. You redouble your efforts on Niccy's pussy, your fingers teasing her ass and pushing a finger inside her puckered asshole to your knuckle, she rocks forward spasming as you push your tongue deep inside fucking her with it. Her hands grasp your head, holding it hard against her clit as she start to cum, filling your mouth with the taste of her pussy, very much like Ash's it tastes. You eagerly drink your fill of her, licking her pussy clean. Kissing her pussy as you pull back. Niccy moves away from your mouth and watches her twin suck your cock.

Niccy is entranced as she watches her shyer twin lower her mouth over your cock, tongue flicking out as she deep throats him to stroke his balls. It's erotic to watch an exact image tease and torment. Niccy's hand makes its way to her pussy; even though she has cum repeatedly today she is wet at the image in front of her. Ash is bobbing up and down, the slurping and sucking noises turning Niccy on further, her fingers thrusting deep inside her pussy.

Ash pulls her mouth off your cock with a resounding pop; a groan passes your lips, so close to release again you throw back your head and close your eyes to hide your disappointment. 'You see this?" she asks standing in front of you. Opening your eyes you are face to face with her wet pussy, signs of her arousal are evident. "I am going to place my very wet pussy over your dick and I am going to fuck you till I cum." With that she straddles you and slowly eases herself down. Your cock pushes up into the sweet pussy, loving how she squeezes her cunt around your dick.

Obviously this is not her first time, but oh sweet lord she is so tight. You lay there and let Ash set the pace. Your hands raise to her cup her breasts for the first time, running your finger over an aroused nipple, flicking them gently while watching her reaction. Ash sighs contently as she begins to move. Pushing herself up and down over your cock, as she eases herself back down her pussy tightens over your cock. You push yourself into a sitting position and watch Ash bounce nymph like on your dick. Lowering your mouth you capture a nipple and start to roll your tongue around it, pulling the swollen bud into your mouth. Sucking deeply on it. Flicking the nipple with your tongue. One hand is caressing Ash's ass, and the other teasing her other breast.

Niccy chews her lower lip, watching her sister fuck their neighbour has her wet and horny again. Wanting to help bring Ash to orgasm she moves behind her sister, being a little more adventurous in sex Niccy sits on the ground and starts to kiss Ash's sweet ass. Her tongue lapping over that ass and down to the puckered hole. Ash quivers as she feels her sister tease her ass. Niccy smiles and shifts her head so she can look up at Ash's pussy on your cock. Her tongue expertly licking and sucking, between Ash's pussy and your dick. The sensations are driving you over the edge. Then Niccy parts Ash's ass and inserts her finger pushing into the tight hold. Ash screams, shattering the quiet moans and thrusts herself hard down on your cock and Niccy's fingers. With Niccy teasing her ass and rimming it slightly with her fingers it pushes Ash over the edge. Hot, wet, liquid floods over your cock and you know its not going to be long.

"I'm going to cum" you cry out.

"Fuck her, cum inside. We are protected." Niccy responds taking control from her position. You slam your cock hard inside Ash and explode. You feel like cumming forever as your cock twitches with the flow of cum seeping from your cockhead inside Ash. Niccy is slurping and sucking on the juices as they flow between you and Ashleigh, her tongue sending shivers up and down your spine. A fantasy of epic proportions has come true today. Two twins, hot 20 yr old women that have done amazing things to your body and their own.

Ashleigh eases herself off and Niccy pushes her down on the lounger and continues to clean her pussy out. Looking up with Ashleigh's juices on her mouth and chin, Niccy smiles at you. "I hope you realise your summer plans have changed. Instead of spying you can now participate."

"How long?" you ask

"Since the first day. The sun glints off your glasses. Not that we minded." She responded before returning to her sister's still damp pussy.

