It was Monday morning, and Raphael had one hell of a horrible hangover.

He really shouldn't have had quite so much to drink. But he had been at the
Metatron's Palace, sipping champagne and sampling chilled fruit, chatting
companionably with the Voice of Most Holy, and then the next thing he knew, he'd
had one glass too many. It probably was an act of God that he was even here this
morning.

Someone knocked on the door and Raphael clutched at his head. It seemed so
bloody loud this morning. "It's open!" he called, massaging his
temples in a fruitless attempt to dull his pounding headache.

The door opened to reveal an angel he had seen very few times. "Good
afternoon, Professor," Sandalphon said quietly. "If I might have a
moment of your time?"

I'd rather dunk my head in a tub of ice cold water if it's all the same to
you, Raphael thought sourly. He eased out of his chair to clear off a seat for
Sandalphon, depositing a pile of clutter atop a different pile of clutter.
"Have a seat."

Sandalphon did, and arranged his muted robes carefully before speaking.
"You are aware, Professor, that I am tutoring an angel student?"

Well, duh. I spent last night with your twin, which means both you and Uriel
were the prime topics of conversation. But you wouldn't know that, because when
was the last time you stopped by the Palace for a cup of tea and a chat?
"Please, call me Raphael. And yes, I am. What can I do for you?"

Sandalphon's face was careful, composed. "My student wishes to finish
his last year here at the Angel School." And you don't like that, Raphael
reasoned out inside, tapping his fingers against his desk. Not that you'd ever
say so. "What brought this on?"

Sandalphon's lips thinned. Ah-ha, Raphael thought. You definitely don't like
this - not one tiny bit. "This is his wish. I think it is an unwise idea -
he's been completely isolated his whole life, and he's completely unprepared for
the School. However..." Sandalphon trailed off, his expression guarded.

"However?" Raphael echoed, waiting for the catch.

The twins couldn't be more different in appearance and mannerisms. Sandalphon
was quiet, serious, and thought things through to a degree that was often
startling. "I will allow it on one condition. Mikael needs more individual
attention than he can get as a member of a class. Therefore, if you will agree
to mentor him, I will release him to the School."

Raphael looked up into the unsettling glints of Sandalphon's copper eyes,
resisting the urge to scrub at his own in his exhaustion. "I have no
problem with that. I'm sure I could talk one of the other teachers into tutoring
him."

"No," Sandalphon said evenly. "It has to be you or I won't
permit it."

Raphael frowned. His duties as Professor kept him quite busy, but he was
intrigued by this special case. Anyone who wanted to go to the School badly
enough to force the issue with Sandalphon needed all the help they could get.
"Alright. I'll mentor him. He can move in with me this weekend."

Sandalphon gave him a measured look of disapproval. "I think that would
be too much for him. He's used to being alone."

And whose fault is that, Raphael wondered before heaving a sigh. "You're
being awfully picky about this whole thing," he complained. "I'll see
what I can arrange with Ardouisur - I know her guest apartment is empty right
now."

"That would be suitable," Sandalphon said, sounding satisfied at
last.

Raphael stood, and offered the other angel his hand because it seemed the
proper thing to do. "Then I will see him at the beginning of the
term,"

he said, shaking Sandalphon's hand firmly, and the Metatron's twin left him
in hungover peace.

Raphael needed aspirin or a lobotomy. He wasn't sure that it mattered which.

Raphael hesitantly made his way through Ardouisur's garden, the scent of
daffodils and tulips making the air fragrant. Pansies and roses decorated the
landscape and Raphael felt like an intruder in a sea of loveliness.

He felt like an intruder, period - it had been so long since he had lain in
the flowerbeds with Ardouisur. He looked around, trying to spot one of the more
enigmatic angels in Heaven.

Ah. There she was. A female angel in a gossamer gown knelt besides a bed of
lilies, carefully cutting a few and placing them in the basket beside her. He
walked up slowly behind her and then bent to embrace her from behind.
"Guess who," he murmured.

"I never guess. You're late, anyway," she said, her voice musical,
before pouncing on him and knocking him flat on his back.

"Um, Ari, can we talk for a minute? I have a favor to ask, and I -
" She silenced him with a kiss and by Most Holy, she was warm and soft and
curvy, and he'd forgotten what an addiction she was. Ardouisur was the angel of
new mothers and infants, specializing in helping women survive childbirth as
well as helping them get pregnant in the first place. Granted, she had a pretty
unusual and unorthodox method as to the last, but despite its bizarreness, she
never suffered more than the usual collection of tall tales that went with most
of the older angels.

You had to admire a woman who would jump the nearest man in order to answer
the prayers of an infertile human.

Some time later, they both redressed themselves and Ari invited him in for
tea. When she was answering prayers, she was never much for cuddling. She seemed
to view it very distinctly as business and not pleasure. Their little episode
among the lilies had been business, but a long time ago it had been pleasure as
well. Things change. Ari had understood.

She handed him a delicate teacup, and Raphael thought he recognized the
painted flowers on it as the work of Suriel. Beautiful inside and out,
everything Suriel touched seemed to reflect himself. "You wanted to ask of
me a favor?" she asked without preamble.

Raphael took as small sip of the scalding tea before setting his cup down.
"As a matter of fact, I do. Sandalphon has asked me to mentor a student
he's been privately tutoring, and the boy needs a place to stay."

Ardouisur narrowed her dark violet eyes. "Why isn't he staying with
you?"

Raphael wrinkled his nose. "It seems Mikael has been awfully...isolated.
Sandalphon seems to think it would be better for him to have a sanctuary...you
know, somewhere to retreat to at the end of the day."

She sipped her tea thoughtfully. "Not because Sandalphon thinks you
can't keep your hands to yourself?"

"Ari!" Raphael exclaimed, genuinely offended. "Mikael is a my
student."

She looked a little contrite. "Sorry, just checking. Considering how
much time you spend with the Metatron, it wouldn't be surprising if Sandalphon
thought you just as frivolous."

Raphael huffed and bit into a biscuit vengefully. "There's a difference
between frivolity and plain immorality."

Ari leaned forward and patted his hand. "I know, dear. I think the
apartment out in the lilies will do nicely, don't you? And try the raspberry
tart, it's from Suriel..."

"Would Mikael care to report to the Professor's office? That's
Mi-ka-e-l, Mikael," Raphael called over the loudspeaker. It was the first
day of the new term and he wanted to meet the student he would be mentoring
before their class together.

He shuffled through some papers on his desk, looking in vain for something
Gabriel had wanted completed by this afternoon, except he had no idea where the
elusive paperwork had gotten to.

"This place...is an absolute freaking pit," he announced to no one
in particular. With all the stacks of paper, it was no wonder he couldn't find a
damn thing. And when he cleaned, he couldn't find anything either. He sighed.
Can't win.

He wanted a particular passage out of The Principia Discordia for his class
this afternoon, but he had to find it first. After much hunting, he discovered
it on the very top shelf. Why it was there wasn't quite clear, but maybe he had
thought it funny to put it out of alphabetical order and out of reach after
reading it. That sounded like something he would do. Maybe if he stood on his
chair, he could reach it.

Not quite. He planted a foot on his desk, trying to get a little more height.
He used his wing as counterbalance and his fingers were just centimeters away...

"Ano?" came a timid voice and the sound of the door clicking shut.

Raphael whipped his head around to see an aqua-haired boy. "Ah, you must
be—" he started, and then he yelped as the chair rolled out from
underneath him, sending himself and a pile of books to the floor with a noisy
thump. He swore inwardly as he picked himself up, and walked around the desk to
meet his new student.

The boy's eyes were screwed shut. Raphael took the liberty of removing the
open book from his student's head and slowly those eyes opened. They were a nice
gold color, Raphael noted absently. His student was staring straight at his
chest, not even making eye contact. Cripes. Knowing Sandalphon, this boy was
probably very sheltered.

And he really had a most becoming blush. "You okay?" Raphael asked
kindly, smiling in welcome. Just his luck that his office imploded on the kid's
first visit. "That was a bit of a mess, but that's just the way things are
around here at times." He paused, gauging his student's response, or in
this case, lack thereof. "So, what can I do for you?"

The boy tensed up and pasted a small, polite smile on his face. They were
going to have to work on that. "My name's Mikael. I was called to meet the
Professor." Mikael spoke very politely, a linguistic copy of Sandalphon.

Raphael hummed to himself and stepped back to perch on the edge of his desk.
"So you're Mikael," he said, mostly to himself.

Mikael was still staring at him. Raphael briefly wondered what was so
entrancing. Admittedly, he wasn't as muscular as some of the soldiers, but he
still worked out with Azrael regularly. He resisted the impulse to suck in his
tummy.

Mikael snapped out of whatever trip he'd been on. "Um, I beg your
pardon?" he asked, his voice cracking. Poor boy. Puberty in heaven wasn't
any better than its earthly equivalent.

Raphael rolled his eyes in amusement. "So you're Mikael," he
repeated. "I'm the Professor, actually."

Mikael blinked in apparent disbelief. "Um. Excuse me?"

"I'm the Professor. But please, call me Raphael, since we're going to
know each other so well," he said warmly, determined to start out on the
right foot.

"What? I..." Mikael trailed off. He was looking a little pale,
Raphael noted with concern. Maybe the boy was ill. Or maybe Sandalphon had just
neglected to give him any pertinent information in retaliation for wanting to
attend School.

"Aa. I'm your mentor. Didn't Sandalphon even tell you-- oh." The
boy was definitely looking faint. Too many shocks in one day, he supposed.
"Ah. Have a seat, Mikael."

Mikael murmured an agreement and sat, folding his hands in his lap. Actually,
the primness was sort of charming. Then Mikael's head snapped up. "You. You
wrote the Student Handbook."

Raphael wondered where the boy had gotten a hold of one. Probably smuggled it
into Sandalphon's house. "I did, didn't I?" he said. "That was a
long time ago." A very long time ago, indeed. Back when he Talked to Most
Holy about the need for a School to train all the angel candidates.

Mikael mumbled and blushed again. Really, quite charming. Raphael advanced
and held out his hand, saying, "Well. It's been a pleasure to make your
acquaintance, Mikael, whether or not you'd known I'd be your mentor." He
clasped Mikael's hand in his own, determined to hold on until the boy smiled
back – a real smile, this time.

Mikael said, "Pleased to meet you," before promptly fainting in his
arms.

Oh dear. Raphael scooped up the boy and settled him on the couch, retrieving
a damp washcloth to place on Mikael's forehead. Definitely out cold. The poor
thing probably had more excitement today than in his sixteen years of life.

Great. His student had passed out, and he still couldn't find Gabriel's
paperwork. He was going to actually have to clean. Bother.

Sometime later, Mikael's eyelids fluttered open and he started to sit up.
"Ah, ah, don't sit up too fast," Raphael warned.

Mikael removed the washcloth, and blushed furiously. "I'm sorry to be a
nuisance," he murmured. "I-- fainted, didn't I?"

"Aa," Raphael said warmly. "But just look at your day. I think
you had good reason to. Now, can you stand? Ari'll have my head if I keep you
out past curfew." As she had reminded him about ten times in the past week.

Mikael nodded, rose slowly. "I feel fine now. I'm sorry,
Raphael-sama."

As if it were the boy's fault! "You don't need to be sorry,"
Raphael said softly, gently. "I'll see you tomorrow morning, na?"

Mikael's eyes widened. "Yes," he replied, giving Raphael a small,
shy smile that transformed him utterly.

Charming, indeed.

Raphael sat down on the window seat and patted the space next to him.
"Have a seat, Mikael," he invited, rolling the fluid sounds of his
student's name.

Mikael stepped forward, a little uncertain in the new environment of
Raphael's house. Raphael was willing to bet that Mikael was wishing for
something familiar to cling to - anything at all.

Raphael brushed his fingers over the strings of his burnished and well-loved
guitar. "Ne, Mikael - what do you do for fun?" He had his doubts on
Sandalphon's knowledge of the concept.

Mikael sat down next to him, his attention riveted on Raphael's guitar. Pale,
slender fingers wound through aqua bangs. "Gymnastics...reading. I play the
piano a little."

Raphael smiled warmly. "So you know a little about music. Ever played
the guitar before?" he asked, noting Mikael's obvious interest.

Mikael shook his head, and Raphael scooted over so that their hips and thighs
were pressed together. "Here," Raphael said, handing over the guitar.
"Put your left hand here," - he covered Mikael's hand with his own and
moved it to the neck of the guitar - "And rest your right hand here,"

he continued, moving Mikael's hand to the guitar body.

Mikael was blushing bright under the cover of his bangs, and Raphael realized
that, most likely, no one had ever been this close. How sad, Raphael thought. Is
it too late to show you how nice it is to touch someone else? He had his arm
around the boy and his hands atop Mikael's. "Go ahead," Raphael urged.
"Give it a try." Sandalphon might believe in decorum and a stiff upper
lip, but Raphael was of the opinion that everyone could use a little personal
contact.

Mikael strummed the guitar hesitantly. "What do I do with the
strings?" he asked after a moment.

Raphael smiled at his student's curiosity. "You can change chords like
this," he said, closing Mikael's fingers down over a beginning chord.
"Hear the difference?"

Mikael was entranced - so much so, that he seemed to have forgotten their
position. Then, all of a sudden, Mikael stiffened, and Raphael allowed himself a
small sigh. "No, no, you can't play if you don't relax." He scooted
even closer so that Mikael was practically in his lap, and heard his student's
squeak of surprise. "Okay. Deep breath, relax," he crooned softly.
Slowly, Mikael obeyed, melting into his arms like warmed honey.

The warmth was nice. It was just plain good to feel another person against
you, to feel the steady rhythm of their heart. Most of Mikael's lessons, Raphael
knew, wouldn't come out of a book. The boy's blushing determination was also
quite attractive. Raphael taught him some basic chords, which Mikael had a good
firm grasp on by the end of the evening.

Raphael noticed the time with a little surprised. "My - it's late, isn't
it?"

Mikael looked at the clock in panic. "I'm sorry to have taken up so much
of your evening, Raphael-sama. I know you must have work to do, I didn't notice
at all - "

"I had fun," Raphael said, interrupting him and daring to hug him
quickly, guitar and all.

Mikael looked at his shoes, his cheeks flushing a pale rose. "I...yes.
Yes, I did."

Raphael nodded approvingly. "Well, you know, practice makes perfect. How
about we have dinner tomorrow here and we can continue your lessons?"
Raphael asked.

Mikael looked over his shoulder with a sharp indrawn breath. "If...if
that's okay. I don't want to be a bother."

"No bother at all," Raphael said firmly. Whoever taught you that
you were, he wondered with a little anger. "I want for us to be friends,
Mikael," he continued.

He would have had to been impossibly blind to miss the widening of Mikael's
eyes, like limpid pools of melting gold.

Raphael carefully lit the last of the candles, which bathed his living room
in a soft golden light. It was just perfect.

The doorbell rang right on time. "Evening," Raphael greeted Mikael
cheerfully. Mikael smiled shyly and held out a paper bag.

"I mentioned to Ardouisur that we were having lasagna tonight, and she
gave this to me to bring," Mikael said by way of explanation. It was now
two months into the term, and Raphael invited Mikael over for dinner on the
nights when he wasn't busy doing things for the School.

Raphael opened the bag and sniffed appreciatively, retaining a light grip on
Mikael's wrists as he did so. "Mmm. I know what this is. Her Italian bread
tastes even better than it smells. Come on in, Mikael."

Mikael toed off his shoes just inside the door, which reminded Raphael
strongly of his Renaissance in Japan. The boy really was adorable, padding over
to the kitchen in his stocking feet in with such an earnest expression on his
face.

They ate dinner at a leisurely pace, and Raphael tried to draw Mikael out
with questions about school. "So how do you like Cassiel's class?"

Mikael swallowed a mouthful of food hastily in his enthusiasm. "It's
wonderful. He talked about Hadrian's Wall in England, and..." Mikael
actually prattled on for several minutes, presumably about Cassiel's class, and
Raphael sat and watched him, his chin resting on an open palm.

Kawaii, Raphael thought dreamily.

Mikael stopped talking quite suddenly. "I'm sorry, I must be boring
you."

"Not at all," Raphael assured him, holding those golden eyes with
his own.

After dinner, Raphael ushered Mikael in to the candlelit living room. Mikael
found his way to their usual spot on the window seat.
"Ano...Raphael-sama?"

"Aa?" Raphael said, collecting his guitar from its stand and
joining Mikael.

Mikael looked around the room. "Why the candles?"

Because they remind me of your eyes, Raphael thought about saying. "You
need to learn to play by touch as well as by sight. Dim lighting will help you
learn to play not by eye, but by ear." He touched the pale pink curve of
Mikael's ear with one fingertip, and felt his student shiver against him.

I want him, Raphael realized. Out loud, he said, "Play the chords I
taught you last time." His fingers were still lightly placed over Mikael's,
correcting when memory faltered.

In the near dark, Raphael talked quietly of music theory and thought about
wanting someone, really wanting someone again.

"Raphael-sama?" Mikael questioned softly.

The candles had burned down. Raphael shook himself from his reverie.
"Where does the time go?" Raphael asked, more of himself than Mikael.
He rose and flipped on the light switch. Mikael winced from the light and set
the guitar aside, and Raphael saw a flash of red against pale fingers.

"Mikael, let me see your hands," he instructed.

Mikael looked puzzled for a moment, but obediently held out his hands. As
Raphael had expected, Mikael's fingertips were raw and blistered in some places.
Wordlessly, Raphael led him to the washroom and rinsed Mikael's hands in cool
water, wincing in sympathy. Mikael was so young. Just sixteen years old, for
heaven's sake. What was he doing, driving himself crazy over a child? Mikael
hissed in pain as Raphael bandaged his hands. "I'm sorry," Raphael
said softly, meaning it. "I wish it didn't hurt."

Mikael watched him, and Raphael noticed with faint pleasure that Mikael was
not, in fact, insensitive to this unexpected desire. But did he want it?

"If you really want something, is it worth it?"

Raphael tried to contain his shock. Did Mikael just ask... "Excuse
me?"

"If you really want something, is the pain worth it?" Mikael
restated.

Still a loaded question. And he had one in return – does wanting your
student make you an immoral, corrupt person? What if...they wanted you too? Was
it quite so wrong then? Was it wrong at all? "Sometimes."

Mikael was beginning to catch on. The narrowed golden eyes had held suspicion
for weeks, but it was only today, as Raphael led the class in a merry rendition
of "Allouette" that the suspicion hardened into certainty. Raphael
dismissed class and turned to half-heartedly wipe the chalking of the French
lyrics off the board, waiting and then hearing those precise footsteps reaching
the front of the classroom.

"Raphael-sama."

The Professor fought down a silly grin and continued to nonchalantly clean
the board. "Aa," he murmured, not turning around.

"Raphael-sama, may I ask the purpose of today's lesson?" Mikael
asked politely, though Raphael thought the boy's teeth must be clenched from the
tightness of his voice.

Raphael finally turned. "The purpose of today's lesson is the same as
the purpose of all lessons in this class."

Oh, but Mikael was shaking, with confusion and anger and most likely a myriad
of other emotions. He was really just too adorable with those pouting lips and
those flashing golden eyes. Raphael watched his student bring himself under
control before saying, "It doesn't make any sense to me, Raphael-sama. I
apologize for my stupidity." The aqua head was bowed, and the shoulders
were slumped in resignation.

Raphael reached out and tipped Mikael's chin up with a knuckle. "Which
is why you're so smart," he said softly, hating to hear such
self-deprecation from his student. Golden eyes blinked in confusion. They were
warm and striking like dancing lamplight, and simply breathtaking.

Mikael's back was to the desk, so he had nowhere to go and had no choice but
to endure Raphael's proximity. If he was panicking or anxious, he concealed it
well. "If you become an angel, you won't have all the answers,"
Raphael began, his hand dropping from Mikael's chin to his shoulder, his touch
lingering. "Sometimes you'll be given assignments you won't understand at
all, but your obedience is what counts, not your comprehension of the meaning
behind. The simplest, ultimate purpose of an angel is to do the will of Most
Holy, not to question it. So you have to learn to take the nonsensical in
stride, and to learn when it's important to understand and when it's better that
you not know at all."

Mikael's brow furrowed as he mulled that over. "Can you give me an
example, Raphael- sama?"

Raphael smiled brightly. "Indeed," he said cheerfully, and leaned
forward to brush his lips against the softness of Mikael's cheek. "Now,
what was that?"

Mikael was wide-eyed with shock. "Nonsensical?"

Raphael nodded in approval. And having had one teasing taste, he knew he
wanted more. So this was perfect - if Mikael welcomed him, so much the better.
If not, he could safely dismiss it as an object lesson, without making his
student overly uncomfortable. So Raphael leaned down again, angling his head to
capture Mikael's lips in gentle kiss. And while he had meant for it to be short,
sweet, and to the point, it became readily apparent that he wasn't the only one
with some less-than-professional intentions.

Mikael's hands were fisted in the material of his jacket, probably
unconsciously, preventing him from moving away.

Raphael opened his eyes to see that Mikael was blushing, as he thought the
boy would be, but there was a startled comprehension in those golden eyes.

"So which was that?" Mikael asked in barely a whisper.

Raphael swallowed slowly. "This one...it's important that you
understand. I...care for you a great deal, Mikael. I want to...but only if you
want to, you don't have to - "

He trailed off and stole another kiss before gently detaching from Mikael.
"Think about it."

It was a lazy Saturday afternoon, and Raphael was puttering around his
workroom, hanging up herbs to dry. In the living room, he could hear Mikael
going through some finger exercises on the electric guitar. He hummed absently
to himself as he began to grind together the ingredients for an analgesic
ointment.

He was still humming a few moments later when he realized that Mikael had
shifted from warm-ups to a song. A song Raphael had never taught him, and that
he couldn't have found, since the only copy of the song was in the possession
of...Ardouisur. He had given it to her as a parting gift, a plea to remain
friends.

The song really didn't have a name. He had written it after the bitterness of
Belial's betrayal, and after he and Ari had found temporary solace in each
other's arms before moving on.

It was a song of loneliness, of grief for love lost. And it tugged sharply on
Raphael's heart. He paused in the doorway to the living room, his heart aching
to remember that dreadful time anew.

Then something remarkable happened. Mikael shifted key, and sped up the
melody from the mournful adagio to a sprightly allegro, and the guitar sang
sweet and song underneath his fingers, straight to Raphael's heart.

Is it okay to love you so much?

Raphael was close to Mikael on the window seat, keeping a eye on Mikael's
fingering while half-heartedly working on his laptop. He was trying to bullshit
his way out of an expense report when he shivered suddenly. He blinked and
thought he must have imagined it. But there it was again, a ghostly touch down
the side of his neck. He shot a look at Mikael, but the boy appeared to be
faithfully working away at a new song, with the usual stumbling that new
material brings. Raphael scratched his head, shrugged, and resolutely turned
back to the report. Until he felt another there-but-not-there touch, glossing
over his chest. And then it hit him.

It really was Mikael. It would have been funny, except that the boy would
have been humiliated if he had said so. His telepathic abilities must have
started to kick in...and unconsciously, Mikael was projecting his curiosity so
strongly that it was manifesting in phantom touch.

Sometimes Raphael thought before he acted, and sometimes he just did things.
So he kissed Mikael. No short peck on the cheek...he pathed Mikael a leisurely
meeting of lips, sensations of velvet, sweet like mandarin oranges.

Mikael looked up in shock. His fingers stuttered to a halt on the guitar,

and a blush rose in his cheeks. It's not a difficult thing Raphael
thought. You can project words and images in addition to touch.

Mikael's mental voice was thoroughly embarrassed. I'm sorry,
Raphael-sama...I didn't mean to...that is, I...

So Raphael decided that that was enough beating around the bush. His heart
beat faster as he constructed an image of them half dressed, Mikael splayed out
underneath him on the window seat, their hands laced together and Raphael's lips
trailing down the side of Mikael's throat. The image, the desire, Raphael's own
convinced opinion that it would feel so very good - all of that, he sent to
Mikael's mind. I want that. I want you.

Carefully, purposefully, Raphael removed the guitar from Mikael's grip. He
tilted Mikael's chin up, feeling the boy's nervous breath against his face. If
this feels good - here he licked Mikael's ear mentally - Imagine what the
real thing feels like.

Stuttering images flashed in his mind, of kisses and touches, raw desire in
snapshots of emotion. Raphael kissed Mikael then, as he had wanted to for Most
Holy only knows how long, with tender and insistent need, devouring Mikael's
little sounds of want.

He pushed away clothing underneath his fingertips, wanting only the silken
heat of flesh, skin against skin. Too many barriers between them...Mikael gasped
helplessly as Raphael's lips found his ear, tongue tracing the pale curve, teeth
nibbling gently on the lobe. "I've wanted you," Raphael husked into
Mikael's ear, the lavender scent from the boy's hair wafting about him. His
fingers undid the boy's school tie, unbuttoned the shirt with its starched,
proper collar. "Wanted you for so long..." Finally the hated clothing
was gone and he was free to explore the delicate arch of Mikael's neck, tasting
slightly salty skin with his tongue even as his hands roamed over Mikael's back
and hips. You can touch me too Raphael reassured him. Touch me and see
what happens...I might do this for you... An image of himself, crying out
hoarsely, shamelessly. Mikael shuddered in his arms and his lips dared a brief
caress of the top of Raphael's ear, so conveniently within reach. Raphael moaned
at the touch of satin lips and arched to the touch, his fingers dancing over the
hardened nubs of Mikael's nipples.

You can touch me like I touch you Raphael said, voice wrapped in smoky
velvet. However you want...anything you want.

An image of their first meeting leaked into his mind...only he saw himself
from Mikael's perspective. Saw the blushing admiration of his chest, the
concentration on his bared stomach. So touch me he crooned. You don't
have to just look anymore. Touch me.

Long, nimble fingers that Raphael had first admired as they played the guitar
now splayed over his chest, dipping under the jacket that Raphael had nearly
forgotten about. He groaned as Mikael teased his nipples to hardness with a
light, exploring touch, and then pushed the boy down onto the window seat and
followed, fitting his body atop his student's.

I think we're overdressed, don't you? he purred. Much better to be
like this. An image of their naked forms entangled, darkened skin against
ivory, one white wing covering them, halos touching.

He didn't even have to wait for Mikael's nonverbal urgent assent. So he
pulled off his jacket and divested Mikael of his shirt, even pulling off his two
belts so that his trousers fluttered loose about his hips.

Raphael kissed and licked his way down Mikael's chest, stopping at the tender
skin just below the navel. You've pleased yourself before, haven't you?

he asked. Mikael flushed red, even deeper than before. Oh, darling, no shame
in that. None at all. Because it feels good, doesn't it? He licked roughly
at the hollow of the navel. It's okay to feel good. It's good to feel good. I
was just going to ask...any preferences? Mikael remained mute except for his
gasping breaths, and Raphael smiled against his skin. Hmmm...then why don't I
introduce you to something that you can't do for yourself?

Raphael slid down the zipper of Mikael's trousers, slowly and deliberately.
Then, starting at the waistband, he kissed a trail down the skin as he pulled
both trousers and underwear away. Ever wondered? he asked silkily,
meeting Mikael's eyes, hot with need. Ever wanted to know what this would
feel like? An image of himself going down on Mikael. It looks so good...I
can't wait to taste. Mikael cried out above him from the thought alone.

Mikael moaned at the new sensation, and Raphael's mind was awash with images
and thoughts. Flashes of them sitting together at guitar lessons, memories of
warmth and hidden desire. A visual of Mikael alone in his bed, fingers straying
down his body, thoughts only of Raphael. Unprovoked blushes explained, the
heady, raw hormonal urges inflaming Raphael further.

And soon, wonderful tension that Raphael nearly felt as his own, Mikael's
gasping cries and sobs stoking his own inner heat, and they were connected and
it was beautiful...So good...it can always be this good, it can be even
better. All for you, always for you... And then...unthinking rapture.

Mikael was spread out before him, a picture study in erotic art with his hair
mussed and a fine sheen of sweat on his skin. Blissed out and profoundly relaxed
and just...gorgeous. And Raphael needed him, really needed him, right now. He
pulled himself up Mikael's body and settled himself against the boy's hip even
as he gazed into Mikael's exhausted eyes. So worth waiting for Raphael
thought to him, setting a rhythm and moaning at the delicious friction. Waited...years...centuries...so
long...to find you. Moments more where he couldn't manage coherent thought,
wrapped up in the sensations of slick skin and heat and sweat and the exquisite
final joining with someone he...loved.

So worth it he gasped finally, shuddering and collapsing in Mikael's
arms.

Mikael was crying.

Raphael was startled out of late afternoon drowsiness when he glanced over
and saw tears making careful tracks down Mikael's face. No change in breathing,
no sobbing – just quiet tears.

"It doesn't matter," Mikael said softly.

Alarmed, Raphael walked swiftly across the room and sat down beside him.
"Mikael?" he said uncertainly, pulling a handkerchief out of his
pocket and offering it.

Mikael ignored it, and Raphael felt a panicked worry close his throat.

Then he realized what Mikael held tightly in one hand. His Assignment.
"It doesn't matter how well I do. Because for Noelle to become an angel,
she has to choose to do so, right?"

Raphael bit his lip. Because that wasn't really the point, but he wasn't
allowed to correct Mikael. He wasn't allowed to reassure him, and the
realization ached somewhere deep inside.

He moved to embrace Mikael, and for a moment the boy resisted.
"Raphael-sama," Mikael said in choked anguish, before flinging his
arms around Raphael's neck. "Raphael-sama…what if she says no?"

Raphael held him tight and kissed his cheeks, the tears salty on Raphael's
tongue. "It's going to be okay, Mikael," he said, willing himself to
believe, wanting so badly to tell Mikael how they could make it okay, but
knowing that he couldn't.

Mikael sobbed harder, and his hand came up to touch his own halo.

His hand came away with it, and then the halo dropped lifeless to the ground
from nerveless fingers.

A tear slid down Raphael's cheek. Oh, Most Holy. They could do this. And as
far as Raphael was concerned, they were going to do it together. He would watch
Mikael, and help where he could.

Because he just couldn't bear the thought of being apart forever.

"Raphael-sama!" Mikael called after him, his voice echoing in the
thin winter air.

Raphael smiled and walked in place. "Hmmm?" he called back,
narrowly restraining himself from swinging his battered suitcase like a joyful
schoolboy.

"Where are you going?" Mikael asked. Heavens, the boy sounded quite
panicked. Excellent.

Raphael still didn't turn around. "I was thinking of going back to
heaven. I've used up my paid vacation time, and I really don't like the
cold..." That was all true. Gabriel would kick his ass if he didn't get
back, and snow was really better when you were someplace - preferably with
someone - warm.

"That's how you've always left me, to be all alone." Mikael sounded
quite defeated and more than a little bitter. Then Mikael burst out, "Take
me, please take me with you!" His former student's lovely tenor wavered and
cracked on the last note. "Raphael-sama!"

Raphael continued to walk.

"I..I..as an angel student, I want to learn all over again!" Mikael
said formally, his speech pitched in the politest terms possible. Raphael had
never quite considered manners to be sexy before meeting Mikael.

"As a student?" Raphael asked, struggling to contain his internal
glee.

"Yes."

"Really?" Raphael asked, drifting backward toward Mikael.

"Yes," Mikael repeated, his tone determined.

"Really, truly?"

"Yes."

"Really, truly, dearly?" Raphael teased.

"Yes," Mikael repeated, with no sign of impatience.

"No can do!" Raphael sang in delight, moving his form ahead of
Mikael, back into the light from the streetlamp.

"Raphael-sama!"

Raphael held up a parchment with Gabriel and the Metatron's seals.
"You've passed your assignment as a teacher." He was so proud of
Mikael, he could just burst.

Mikael's jaw was hanging open in a rather silly manner that was vaguely
reminiscent of the carp in Ardouisur's gardens. "Teacher?" he
repeated, expression frozen.

"A teacher at the Angel School," Raphael clarified gently.

"Huh?" Mikael said, visibly fighting disbelief. "It couldn't
be...all this time, it wasn't a test for Noelle...? It was a test...for
me?" Bingo, Raphael thought. He shifted himself so he was standing
back-to-back with Mikael. "Nothing ever goes as planned. For you, or for
me...nor for Noelle," he said softly, pressing against Mikael's back,
smiling and unable to stop. I love you, he whispered to Mikael,
mind-to-mind, putting his soul into the phrase. Mikael seemed to melt against
him, physically and mentally.

"What's the most important thing to you right now?" Raphael prodded
gently. Warmth, affection, desire and devotion seeped into his mind slowly,
shyly. He waved a little flower at Mikael and whispered tenderly, "Just
follow your feelings."

"R-Raphael-sama..." Mikael said, his voice soft and a little high
with embarrassment.

Raphael half-turned. "I'm going to teach you a lot of hands-on thing
from now on," he promised, and what a glorious promise it was! He laughed
softly and blushed a little, in both anticipation and sheer happiness.

Mikael twitched as Raphael stroked his former student's cheek with the
flower. "Raphael-sama, once we return to the Angel School..."

"We can spend time alone doing a couple things inside the faculty
storage room..." Raphael interrupted, whispering huskily into Mikael's ear.

"Stop joking!" Mikael exclaimed, mortified.

"I'm not joking. We'll be together forever," Raphael told him,
looking forward to every second for the rest of eternity. Mikael turned in his
embrace to face him.

"Raphael-sama," Mikael said, a half-hearted warning.

Raphael clicked off the streetlight, pulled out his Heaven key, and giggled a
little. "You know you like it," he said sweetly, nipping at Mikael's
neck and groping him shamelessly.

"Raphael-sama!" Mikael embraced him almost fiercely, and they
kissed as they ascended to heaven. Back home, together, for always.