Entry tags: 

fic, mummy!fic

The Mummy, part 1/3 
Master Post

Jared really, really likes his job. It's quiet, interesting, and he's working in fucking Egypt, with the pyramids and mummies and ancient treasures. Sometimes Jared thinks he's the luckiest guy in the world to be getting paid to do this shit.

It does, however, have its downsides. He's contemplating the sheer boredom of parts of his job as he catalogues a number of rocks found at a burial site, each with its own boring variations, and he's really looking forward to getting to the bottom of this seemingly bottomless box so he can get onto the much more interesting task of interpreting the hieroglyphics on a sarcophagus that the museum curator brought in yesterday.

He's examining one of the rocks under the bright glow of the gas lamps beside his desk when a hand lands heavily on his shoulder. A dead hand. A mummified hand. It's embarrassing how loudly he screams. He immediately forgets his embarrassment, however, when the rock he was holding flies out of his hand and heads with unerring aim towards the cabinet containing the curator's favorite ancient vases.

Jared sighs and bangs his head on his desk at the inevitable crash, tinkle, tinkle, the sound of his chances at looking at the sarcophagus going down the drain. "I'm gonna kill you, Chad," he mutters, without even bothering to turn around.

"Not when you see what I've got," Chad says in a singsong voice. He hoists himself up onto Jared's desk, disturbing all the papers and boxes. Jared sits back and groans, glaring at Chad, who's got the biggest grin Jared has ever seen on his face.

"Have you been drinking?" Jared asks suspiciously, leaning in and sniffing. He jerks back quickly; Chad stinks of whiskey and that weird Egyptian beer he's taken a liking to.

"'Course I have," Chad replies airily, waving a hand to dismiss it. "But that's not important. What's important is this." He pulls something out of his pocket and flourishes it, his eyes alight with glee.

Jared frowns. "A mummified finger?" he asks.

Chad looks at it and grimaces. "No. Fuck." He throws it over his shoulder, and it lands among the shards of pottery in the cabinet. Jared groans again; he's going to have to come up with a really good excuse for that, and he hopes Chad's actually got something worthwhile to make up for his crappy day so far.

"Take a look at this," Chad says quietly, reverence in his voice. He hands Jared a small box, eight sided, with intricate carvings around the sides.

"Dear God," Jared breathes, taking the box from Chad. "This is—this—"

"Valuable, right? Bet I could get a lot of money for this baby," Chad says, reaching out to take it back. Jared pulls away, still looking at it, and when he presses the sides there and there, the top of the box springs open.

"Wow," Jared says.

"I didn't know it did that!" Chad gasps.

"Let's see what you've found..." Jared says quietly, putting the box down on the desk and sliding his glasses on. The lid has opened to reveal a folded piece of parchment, and Jared lifts it out carefully, unfolding it and pulling one of the gas lamps closer to examine it.

"Oh wow. A treasure map," Chad babbles excitedly, leaning closer to peer at the map. "A real honest to God treasure map! We're gonna be rich!"

"Yeah..." Jared murmurs, fingers tracing over the words and directions. "Chad... do you have any idea what this is? Where did you get this?"

"Bought it off some Brit in the marketplace," Chad says airily, hoisting himself off the desk and leaning on Jared's shoulder. "So, we're gonna go treasure hunting, right? Right?"

Jared sighs. Chad's like an excited puppy sometimes, and Jared wonders what the guy is still doing hanging around in Egypt with him. He's about to say so when the door opens and the curator comes in, his face in a book.

"Mr Kripke!" Jared yelps, suddenly remembering the broken vases which Kripke is going to see any second. He stands up and starts walking towards him, hoping to distract him, but it's too late.

"Jared, what—oh God, what have you done? Do you have any idea how old those were? How precious?" Kripke looks like he's about to cry, and Jared seizes the moment, shoving the box in front of him.

"What—"

"It's a map," Jared says quickly. "I think it's a map to Hamunaptra!"

"Hamunaptra?" Chad blurts.

"Hamunaptra?" Kripke says. "That's a legend, Jared. No doubt this is someone's idea of a bit of fun." He takes the map and looks at it briefly before handing it back.

"No, I think it is!" Jared says. He puts it down on the desk and pulls Kripke over to look. "See, the markings here and here, and look, the seal of Seti the First! This map is over four thousand years old, Mr Kripke!"

"The Hamunaptra?" Chad squeaks.

"Be serious, Jared," Kripke scoffs. "Why waste your time looking for something that doesn't exist?"

"Wait, this is the place where the pharaohs hid all their wealth, right?" Chad asks.

"Exactly," Jared says. "It vanished over two thousand years ago."

"Yeah, yeah, that's right!" Chad exclaims. "It was all rigged to vanish into the sand!"

"We have to—"

"Oh, oh no!" Kripke cries, and Jared turns back to him, just in time to see the edge of the map burst into flame from the gas lamp next to it.

"No!" Jared grabs the map, throwing it to the floor and stamping on it to put the flames out. But it's too late; the part of the map showing the way to the city is gone when he picks it up.

"Oh dear," Kripke says. "I'm terribly sorry."

"You burned my map!" Chad says loudly, glaring at Kripke.

"For the best, probably," Kripke says dismissively. "You don't want to waste your lives on that fruitless quest, trust me."

An idea occurs to Jared, and he grabs the box, putting the remains of the map back inside before closing the lid. "Never mind," he says. "Chad, we'll just go and, um. Go and put this somewhere safe."

As they leave, Jared turns back to glance at Kripke, who is watching them go with a frown on his face.

~

"Seriously?" Jared whispers harshly. "The guy you bought it from is in here?" He shoulders aside a filthy, unshaven lout and pushes his way to a table in the corner, watching the crowd around the bar warily. Chad fits right in, of course, but Jared's not sure he's going to make it out of here in one piece.

"Yeah," Chad says, "he's over there." He points towards a card game in progress on the other side of the room. There are four of them, all extremely disreputable-looking, and not one of them looks like the type to know the way to Hamunaptra. He's about to grab Chad and leave when one of the four, the most unshaven and filthy of the lot, spots them and his eyes widen.

"You!" he yells, throwing his cards down on the table and leaping up from his chair like he's been stung. "You stinkin' thief, I'mma gut you!"

"Time to go!" Chad yelps, grabbing Jared's arm and trying to drag them away before the guy reaches them. It's too late, though; the guy forces his way through the crowd and is in front of them before Jared and Chad make it to the door. He's got an evil glint in his eye and a long knife in his hand.

"I think there's been a misunderstanding," Chad babbles, and Jared whacks him across the back of the head.

"You idiot! You said you bought it, not stole it!"

"Bought, stole, same thing," Chad says, trying to hide behind Jared.

Jared sizes the guy up. He's tall, but not as tall as Jared, and he's swaying slightly, probably from the alcohol Jared can smell even from several feet away. Jared can take this guy, no problem, but before he can swing at him, there's a commotion from the card table.

"Cheat! Ackles is a fuckin' cheat!" someone yells. "He had an extra ace!"

The guy—Ackles—looks worried, his expression of smug satisfaction fading quickly, and Jared has an idea.

"We'll get you out of here if you tell us how to get to Hamunaptra," he hisses, leaning in close and trying not to cringe at the stench of alcohol and sweat permeating Ackles' clothes.

"Deal," Ackles says quickly, and the next few minutes consist of running, shoving, a few punches being thrown, and someone pulling Jared's hair, but he thinks that might have just been one of the barmaids after he accidentally tripped over her foot. He ends up in an alleyway a few blocks from the bar with Chad and Ackles in tow, and they spend a few moments catching their breath before they all look at each other and burst out laughing.

"That was the most fun I've had for weeks," Chad wheezes, collapsing down on an empty crate.

"That was nothing," Ackles says dismissively. Jared notices for the first time that the guy's got one of the strongest Texas accents he's ever heard, even stronger than Jared's. He can't help the little flip his heart does at the reminder of home.

"I'm Jared, and that's Chad," Jared says. "I, uh, I work at the museum, and he's a sort of freelance archaeologist—"

"You mean he's a thief," Ackles says, glaring. "You know how much trouble I went through to get that box?"

"Oh, please," Chad groans. "You probably stole it off someone else."

"No way,"Ackles snaps. "I risked life and limb to get that. Almost died."

"Where did you find it?" Jared asks curiously.

"Where do you think?" Ackles says, sliding his wicked-looking knife back into its sheath at his belt. "I got it in Hamunaptra."

"You've been there?" Jared asks, his jaw dropping. "What's it like? Can you remember how to get there?"

"What's it like?" Ackles asks, leaning against the filthy wall of the alleyway. "Dusty. Sandy. And people tried to kill my entire garrison while we were there. I'm the only one who made it out alive."

"Will you take us there?" Jared asks, almost shaking with excitement.

Ackles looks appraisingly at him for a moment, then nods. "Yeah, I'll take you there. On one condition."

"What condition?"

Ackles turns so quickly Jared doesn't realize what he's doing until it's too late. He swings wide and punches Chad so hard he falls off his perch and lands in the dirt, writhing and moaning in pain.

"That's your condition?" Jared asks, and Ackles grins, his face lighting up beneath the whiskers and dirt.

~

"He's not going to show," Chad grumbles, hefting his bag. The boat they've booked passage on is leaving in ten minutes, and Ackles still hasn't shown up. Jared's starting to get a bit frustrated; it's stinking hot, the camels nearby smell terrible, and the noise of the Giza docks is starting to fray his nerves.

"I think you're right," Jared sighs. "Of all the stupid, filthy, unshaven, untrustworthy—"

"Not talkin' about me, I hope," a voice says from behind him, and he sighs, turning around to see a man who only vaguely resembles the Ackles they'd made the deal with three days ago in Cairo. This Ackles is clean shaven, with close-cropped hair and startling green eyes. Without the dirt, Jared can see his freckles clearly in the bright sunlight, and when Ackles grins, his white teeth glint. Damn.

"No, I, uh, we were just—"

"Hey, Ackles!" Chad says cheerfully. Jared notices that he's staying just far enough away from Ackles to steer clear of his fists, and he grins a little.

"It's Jensen," Ackles mutters, rubbing his face and staring at Jared. "My name's Jensen."

"I don't know about you guys, but I'm ready for an adventure!" Chad says brightly, slapping them both on the back and breaking the weird tension that sprung up the moment Jared caught Jensen's gaze. Jared pushes his glasses up and rubs the bridge of his nose, feeling uncomfortable and a bit tingly. He brushes the feeling aside and grabs Jensen's arm as he's about to pick up his bags.

"Look, I don't want you just playing me around. This is for real, right? You do actually know where you're going?"

Jensen looks at him, his face creased up in a frown. "Dead serious. This ain't no joke, Jared. I don't even know why I'm going back there after what happened last time."

"The treasure?" Jared asks.

"There's more out there than just treasure. There's something buried in those sands. Something—something evil."

Jared can hear himself breathing, can almost hear the beating of his heart. Jensen's eyes are wide and earnest, and his lower lip is caught between his teeth, slick and wet. The moment lasts until Jensen's eyes crease up and he bursts out laughing, clapping Jared on the shoulder as he laughs so hard he can hardly stand straight.

"Very funny," Jared sighs, pushing his hair off his face and grabbing his bags. "C'mon, the boat's gonna leave without us if we don't hurry up."

~

Jared's happily reading when there's a knock on his cabin door and Jensen comes in a moment later. Jared still can't quite get over the fact that this man, this incredibly gorgeous man, is the same one he met back in Cairo, and he hates himself for the fluttery feeling in his stomach when their eyes meet.

He clears his throat noisily. "Can I help?" he asks.

Jensen thumps a large bag down on the desk, startling Jared. He glares up at him, but Jensen just grins back, wide-mouthed and cocky, before opening the bag.

"Guns?" Jared asks, confused. "Are we going digging or hunting?"

"Like I said, I've been out there," Jensen says quietly, seriously. "And it ain't just a dig site. There is something there."

"Something evil?" Jared asks scornfully, still surprised by the armory in the bag. Not just guns, but knives, dynamite, rolls of ammunition, and a crossbow.

"I'm not winding you up this time," Jensen says, but Jared's not going to be fooled again; he waits for Jensen to burst out laughing, waits for him to slap Jared on the shoulder and berate him about being so gullible.

"Look, Jensen," Jared says. "I'm hoping to find an artifact out there. A book, actually. What are you expecting to find?"

Jensen sits down on the edge of the bed and stares at Jared, a worried look on his face. "Evil. People say Hamunaptra is cursed."

Jared sighs. "And you believe them? Come on, you've obviously had some education. That's all just fairy tales and legends."

"Legends are often based on actual events," Jensen says.

"I don't believe in them," Jared snaps. "Look, I'm hoping to find this book. The Book of Amun-Ra. It's one of the most famous books in history, one of the reasons I became an Egypt scholar. And according to my research, it should be in Hamunaptra!"

"And the fact that it's made out of gold?" Jensen asks, a slight smile on his face.

"Has nothing to do with it," Jared replies. "Although Chad will tell you differently."

Jensen shrugs. "Fine. Now tell me, Mr Scholar, in all your years of education, did you ever learn how to fire a gun?"

Jared sighs. "Yes, I can fire a gun. Lord knows why I'd need to, but yes."

"Good," Jensen grins. He stares at Jared for a moment, his gaze disconcerting, and Jared starts to squirm a little uncomfortably.

"Is everything okay?" he asks, or rather, he starts to ask. He's interrupted by Jensen leaning forward and putting a hand on the back of his neck, tugging him close. Before Jared knows what's going on, Jensen's lips are pressed gently against his, and for the briefest moment, they share a breath.

"What—" Jared stutters, pulling back, feeling immense confusion.

"Sorry," Jensen mutters, and he's gone before Jared can say another word.

Jared spends the next few hours trying to distract himself from thoughts of Jensen. He flicks idly through the books he's brought with him, trying to interpret the inscriptions on the small box and the writing on what's left of the map. He should probably be out on the deck of the boat, making sure Chad doesn't lose too much money with the gambling pals he met not five minutes after boarding the boat, but he can't quite be bothered with Chad. The feel of Jensen's lips against his lingers, and Jared can't stop running his fingers over his mouth, feeling somehow changed.

He glares at his reflection in the mirror over the desk. "It wasn't even a good kiss," he mutters before shoving his books back into his bag. It's late; there are still several hours to go until they reach their destination, and Jared yawns widely as he strips his shirt off and starts to wash up.

He's distracted by a flicker of movement in the mirror, and suddenly there's a man standing right behind him, his face obscured by the dark fabric wrapped around his head and body. That's not the most important thing, though; the man has a nasty, serrated hook in his hand, and he's coming straight for Jared.

"Shit!" Jared yells, stumbling back as the man takes a swipe at him.

"Where is it?" the man shouts. "Where's the key?"

"What key?" Jared shouts back. "I don't have any keys!"

"Then I'll find it without your help!" the man snarls. He advances, holding his hook out in a very threatening manner. Jared keeps backing away, his eyes fixed on the vicious weapon, until he bumps into the table he had been working at. The man's eyes suddenly light upon the strange box and the map, and he reaches for them.

"No!" Jared cries, lunging forward to grab it first, and the man is momentarily distracted by the door to the room bursting open to reveal Jensen standing there, a shotgun in his hand and a seriously angry look on his face. The man yells something Jared doesn't understand and lunges towards Jensen, but Jensen just cocks an eyebrow and fires.

As the man falls, he knocks the desk; the candle tips over and suddenly there are flames crawling across the desk towards the map and the box. Jared cries out, grabs the box, but doesn't make it to the map in time; the fire swallows it, and there's nothing left.

"The map!" Jared yells as Jensen drags him out of the room, pausing only to pick up his bag of weaponry.

"I'm the map," Jensen says grimly, pushing Jared against the wall outside and calmly reloading his shotgun.

"What the hell is going on?" Jared demands. Shit, all his books are still in there. It's too late, though; the flames are starting to lick at the doorway, and there's no point in trying to retrieve any of his things.

"Boat's under attack," Jensen says.

"Does this sort of thing happen a lot around you?" Jared asks, yanking Jensen back when bullet holes start appearing in the wall right next to him.

"I was about to ask you the same," Jensen replies, standing up and firing confidently into the darkness. There's a yelp and a thud, and then Jensen's moving, dragging Jared and the armful of weapons to the edge of the boat.

"Can you swim?" Jensen demands.

"Well of course, if I have to—" Jared begins, and Jensen grins, lifts Jared up like he's some kind of damsel in distress, and throws him over the side of the boat.

Jared lands in the Nile with an almighty splash, and he only just remembers to hold on tight to the weapons bag. "Perfect," he mutters as he floats away from the burning boat, watching people jumping over the side. He can still hear gunshots and screams, and then Jensen's swimming towards him, Chad in tow, and together they make their way to dry land.

"This is terrible," Jared groans, dragging himself to shore. "We've lost everything, our clothes, my books, my tools..."

"Hey! Hey, Ackles!" a voice calls. It's coming from the other side of the river; all the other passengers have gone that way, and Jared sees with a sinking heart that all the horses have gone that way, too. "Looks like we've got all the horses!" the voice shrieks. It's high-pitched and grates on Jared's nerves.

Jensen growls and stands up, water pouring off him. Jared notices bitterly that at least he has a shirt; Jared has nothing but his pants, boots, and glasses. He's shaking water out of his hair when Jensen yells, "Hey, Albie! Looks like you're on the wrong side of the river!"

The man Jensen called Albie, a weedy-looking guy even from this distance, looks around and shrieks, stomping away. Jensen smirks, and Jared feels slightly better about things.

"Albie? Friend of yours?" Jared asks as they make their way along the riverbank. There's a trading post a few miles away, where Jensen assures him they'll be able to get camels and supplies.

"Not really," Jensen mutters. "He was in my garrison. Back-stabbing little roach. I thought he died when we were in Hamunaptra, but he must have weaseled his way out somehow."

"What's he doing here?" Chad asks. "He smells."

Both Jared and Jensen eye Chad, who's wriggling a finger around in his ear to remove river muck, and they both start laughing at the same time.

"What?" Chad asks, disgruntled. "He does! And he was hanging out with those Brits..."

"Yeah, that," Jensen says. "He's guiding a group of guys to Hamunaptra, just like I'm doing with you."

"Do you know what they're looking for?" Jared asks. "Not the Book, I hope."

"Nah," Jensen replies. "Just treasure, I think. Although they do have an Egyptologist with them. Guy named Singer."

"Oh, wonderful," Jared groans. "Robert Singer? He's probably read the same article I have! We have to get there before them!"

"No worries there," Chad says, sounding smug. "We're on the right side of the river. And we made a bet. Five hundred dollars says we get to Hamunaptra before them."

Jared groans again, rubbing a hand over his face. "Wonderful, Chad. Just wonderful." This is the best adventure ever.

~

They arrive at the trading post around dawn. Jared's freezing; the night air is a stark contrast to the heat of the day, and he can't wait for the sun to come up and start warming him again. He sits down in a patch of scrubby grass, rubbing his biceps briskly to try to warm up, and watches Jensen negotiate the trade of one of his pistols and a knife for four camels, some clothing, and some tools. By the time he's done, the sun is well in the sky, and Jared's sweating, feeling his skin start to burn under the intense heat, and he's immensely relieved to pull a coarse linen shirt over his head. Jensen looks slightly disappointed at no longer being able to stare at Jared's chest, but Jared just rolls his eyes and turns towards the camels.

"Coulda sold your friend and got them for free," he hears Jensen mutter to Chad, who laughs a little more than Jared thinks is really necessary. He ignores them, however; life is looking up at the moment now that he has a wide-brimmed hat to keep out the worst of the sun, and his camel didn't even spit at him when he mounted it.

~

They travel until the heat and sun are too much and they're forced to take shelter beneath a rocky outcrop. Jensen passes around bread and hard cheese and cracks open one of the water casks on the back of the spare camel. It's still hot in the shade, but Jared's been in Egypt long enough to cope with the heat. Chad complains, as always, but Jared just lies back and closes his eyes, hoping for a few hours of sleep before it's cool enough to get moving again.

He wakes up to find himself curled up on his side, his head buried in Jensen's shoulder, a wet patch of drool under his cheek. He risks a glance upwards and sees that Jensen's fast asleep as well, so Jared carefully moves away, trying not to wake him. It almost works, but then Jensen's eyes crack open and he regards Jared sleepily.

"Sorry," Jared says quietly. "Guess I, uh—"

"It's okay," Jensen says quickly. "Um, we should get going." He stands up and stretches, his spine creaking audibly, and Jared admires the shape of his ass in his tight pants briefly before standing up as well. The whole tight pants, knee high boots, tight shirt and suspenders combination Jensen's wearing looks really good on him, and Jared looks down at himself, at his baggy linen shirt and the pants that used to be nice until they got a dunking in the Nile. He sighs; he's never going to be one of those guys who looks good all scruffy and sweaty like Jensen does. Chad's on the other side of the overhang, snoring loudly, and Jared nudges him with his boot to rouse him. It's late afternoon, the sun low in the sky.

"Should be there by morning if we ride through the night," Jensen says, saddling up the camels.

"You just want to win that bet," Jared says. He's got sand down his pants, and it's starting to chafe. Riding a camel all night with sand in the crack of his ass is not going to be comfortable.

Jensen shrugs. "Couldn't care less, except it'll be nice to stick it to Albie. Your buddy there is the one who made the damned bet."

Chad glances over at them and puts the waterskin down. "It was the heat of the moment!" he protests.

Jared sighs and rolls his eyes, and Jensen grins at him.

~

The thing is, Jared's never been open about the fact that he prefers men. Chad knows; it became necessary to tell Chad after the hundredth time his friend tried to force a woman on him while Jared was in college and Chad was living off his father's wealth. And to his credit, Chad only spent a week avoiding Jared and being a dick about it before he was back in Jared's house, drinking his beer and eating his food.

He wonders how Jensen knew. Jared hasn't done anything to encourage Jensen's attention, and yet he has it regardless. It's a bit disconcerting, but at the same time, it gives Jared a warm feeling in his stomach.

Jensen glances over at him and catches his gaze in the dim evening light. The desert is fading to black with nightfall, and Jensen's face is cloaked in shadows. He grins, and his teeth flash white. Jared looks away quickly, reaching down to adjust his saddlebags, but he can't stop the wide smile that tugs at the corners of his mouth.

~

Jared's dozing on his camel when dawn starts to appear, and he's roused by Jensen gently shaking his shoulder.

"We're here," Jensen murmurs, and Jared blinks awake, staring around at the rocky desert. The sky to the east is starting to turn purple, and as he watches, it changes to red and then a deep, fiery gold. Despite his years in Egypt, Jared's never seen a sunrise in the desert, and he's impressed.

They round the edge of a dune, and suddenly, they've got company. A large band of people on horseback rides up, and Jared recognizes Jensen's former comrade, Albie, at the head of the group.

"So much for an easy win," Jared says to Chad, who scowls at the party. There are three men who must be the Brits, and they've brought with them a dozen or more Egyptians with digging tools strapped to their horses. An older man wearing a fez nods condescendingly at Jared, and he smiles politely back while grinding his teeth.

"That Singer?" Jensen murmurs, and Jared nods.

"So, what are we waiting for?" Chad asks. "I don't see any ancient cities of the dead anywhere."

"Just wait," Jensen says, watching the horizon. The sun is just starting to appear, and the scene before them shimmers and ripples like a mirage.

"Dear God," Jared breathes, watching the horizon change before his very eyes, the light skipping over the desert until suddenly, there's a ruined city only a mile or so away.

"Go, go!" Jensen yells, and they're off, galloping across the desert floor towards Hamunaptra. Jensen's in the lead, Albie a close second, and Jared growls under his breath when Albie stops whipping his own camel and starts on Jensen, smacking him across the arms and face until Jensen manages to grab the whip off him and give him a taste of his own medicine. Albie shrieks and falls, narrowly avoiding being trampled beneath the hooves of Jared's camel as he passes, smirking at the glowering man.

Horses might be all well and good on the racetrack, but out in the desert, they're no match for the camels, which have a surprising turn of speed once they get started. Jared, Jensen, and Chad easily outpace the Brits, trotting through a gap in the wall and into the outlying ruins of the city a good ten seconds before anyone else gets there. Jared's breathing heavily, exhilarated by the race, and he turns to grin at Jensen, who's smiling just as widely.

"Five hundred dollars, bitches!" Chad yells as the Brits ride up, looking disappointed but resigned.

"That was amazing," Jared murmurs to Jensen, and they look at each other and laugh as Albie rides up, looking disgruntled and bruised.

~

"What is that?" Chad asks, poking at the face of a statue. It's so deeply buried in sand that only the top half of its face is visible, and Jared rushes over to see.

"It's Anubis!" he exclaims. "You found it, Chad!"

"Found what?" Chad pokes at the statue, scraping off some of the crumbling stone.

"According to the Bembridge Scholars," Jared says, grabbing a spade from the armful of tools that Jensen mysteriously turned up with, "there's a secret compartment underneath the statue of Anubis, which contains the Book of Amun-Ra!"

"That's the gold one, right?" Chad asks, grabbing another spade and helping Jared dig around the statue.

"Hey!" Jensen calls, and Jared turns to look. "There's an entrance over here. Might be easier than digging our way down."

Jared is relieved to not have to dig too much in the bright morning sun, and he and Jensen quickly rig up a rope that will lower them into the chamber Jensen found not far away from Anubis. It's completely dark in the chamber, and when Jared's boots touch sandy earth, he coughs, struggling to catch his breath in the stale, centuries-old air. It smells of dust, dryness, and mold; no one has been in this room for a very long time.

"I'll get some torches set up," Jensen mutters when he joins Jared. A moment later there's a flare of light, and Jared blinks, gazing around the room they've entered, taking in the moldering equipment and trash lying around. He spies a mirror set halfway up the wall and goes to take a closer look, Jensen trailing behind him with the torch.

"What is it?" Jensen asks, reaching out to dust cobwebs away.

"Ancient Egyptian trick," Jared says, excited. He's heard of this trick, but has never seen it in action. "Look—over there," He heads over to another mirror in the center of the room, over where they came in. It's bigger than the one on the wall, and when Jared tries to move it, it groans, rust-filled hinges complaining as it shifts. He manages to angle it into the beam of light coming through the roof, tilting it until it reflects off the mirror on the wall. The light then reflects off another mirror, and another, shafts of light dancing all over the room until it is lit up with a gentle glow.

"Wow," Jensen says, looking impressed.

"Neat, huh?" Jared replies, and grins at him.

~

"So what is this place?" Jensen asks once Chad has lowered the equipment down and joined them.

"Preparation room," Jared replies, looking at the ancient tools scattered all over the rotted tables. "This is where they made the mummies."

"So this is..." Jensen asks, holding up a rusty hook.

"The thing they shoved up your nose and wiggled around before yanking your brains out with it? Sure is."

"Gross," Jensen says, dropping it quickly and wiping his hand on his pants. Jared laughs.

"Nothing valuable in here," Chad remarks, sounding bored. He's got an expert eye for that sort of thing, so they light more torches and carry on, heading into a corridor at the far end of the chamber. Jensen insists on going first, a pistol held in front of him, and Jared's sure that at any moment, Jensen's going to turn to Jared and say, "Just having some fun with you, it's all a joke, nothing evil down here!" But Jensen looks deadly serious, and Jared eventually has to admit to himself that these ancient corridors are actually really scary, and it's nice to have a man with a gun in the lead.

At one point, a rustling, scratching sound fills the corridor, rising in volume and then fading away as it passes. They all freeze, and Jared finds himself clutching Jensen's arm.

"What the hell was that?" Chad wavers, sounding as terrified as Jared feels.

"Sounded like bugs," Jensen says, glancing at the walls around them, which thankfully continue to remain bug-free.

"Bugs?" Chad yelps. "I hate bugs!" He moves closer to Jared, who would ordinarily laugh at Chad, but he's actually glad to have someone else close by right now.

"C'mon," Jensen says. "Anubis should be this way." He continues on, and Jared realizes that he's still got his hand wrapped around Jensen's forearm. He can't quite make himself let go, and Jensen doesn't seem to be objecting.

As they near the end of the corridor, Jared suddenly hears rising whispers, a flurry of words he can't make out, and he tenses, holding onto Jensen's arm even tighter.

"More bugs?" Chad whispers, but Jared shakes his head. This sounds more like ancient voices, expressing their disapproval of the venture, and just around the corner ahead of them is some ghastly monstrosity, ready to tear them to shreds for daring to—

Jensen leaps around the corner, a gun in each hand, and Jared cries out in alarm, following him. He really doesn't want Jensen to be torn to shreds by a monster. He's ridiculously relieved to find the other party of diggers, all pointing guns and looking as terrified as he'd been.

"Jesus, Ackles, you scared the crap out of us!" one of the Brits says as they lower their guns.

"Likewise," Jensen replies, following suit. Jared breathes a little easier when there are no more guns being pointed at them, but then another one of the Brits, a short guy with glasses, says, "Hey, those are my tools!" and points at the bundle Jared's holding. Suddenly the guns are back up again, and Jared flinches back.

"Uh, maybe not," the guy says, backing down quickly.

"Right, well, we've got a lot of work to do," Singer says, pushing his way to the front and laying a hand on the base of what Jared immediately recognizes as the statue of Anubis.

"This is our dig site!" Chad objects loudly.

"No way, we got here first!" someone yells back, and then, what do you know? It's guns again.

Jared sighs and buries his head in his hands, and that's when he notices the gap between the blocks of stone that make up the floor. He shifts some sand with his boot and watches it vanish into the gloom.

"Hey, hey, calm down," he says, putting a hand on Jensen's shoulder and trying to look harmless. "There's enough for everyone here." He looks Jensen in the eye, tightening his grip. "There are other places to dig."

Jensen looks back at him, a query in his eye, and Jared nods slightly.

Part 2