Come with Me! (Mf 13, Mdom, 1st, NC, flogger)

By Mannheim Knot


>>>>>

A very bad man uses a simple ploy to get a timid middle school girl to come with him and then proceeds to use and humiliate her for his own pleasure. This is for readers who like to fantasize about what it would be totally heartless toward a vulnerable girl. Obviously some rough stuff and lots of humiliation. No injuries.


>>>>>


I had tried it two dozen times or so. Mostly it was a total failure. It had come close to working a few times, but never quite.

The total failures were always pretty much the same. I approached an adolescent girl who was on her own. "Come with me right now, young lady!" I would snarl. The girl would ask me who the hell I was, often not even in terms as polite as that. Then I would get a confused look and say, "Wait a minute, you're not even her. You look almost exactly like the girl who stole it. Sorry I scared you, miss." I would be gone before she even knew what happened. A couple of the girls just ran away without even replying.

Once in a while, they would take a step to go with me before they balked and I went into the mistaken identity routine. One girl got almost to the van before she pulled up and said, "Wait a minute! You're not a cop!" and beat it. She'd apparently done something and thought she was being arrested.

None of the girls ever reported it. To them it was just a weird guy being confused.

I had pondered giving up on the whole thing even though part of me just knew that I was going to find the girl who would simply do as she was told. I stopped doing it for several weeks, but when summer rolled around, and the girls' outfits got more and more revealing, I knew I couldn't give up. I hit the streets of the city again, and struck out twice in one morning.

That's when I saw Bella. She seemed kind of lost and extremely alone in the world. Not a homeless kid or anything. Most of them were tough little nuts. Bella just seemed like she was a girl without a friend in the world. Maybe she was new to the neighborhood. She was dressed in that slightly slutty way most middle school girls dressed in the summer, but she was just a little rounder than most. Her denim booty shorts were a size or two bigger than average. Her little "belly shirt" contained bigger tits than most of the other girls, but the belly it revealed wasn't completely flat, either. Like I said, just a bit rounder and softer than most of her skinny peers. She had light brown hair and was fair skinned. I figured she was probably blue-eyed, but I wasn't that close yet. Her face was cute, girlish and not yet the face of a teen queen. She might turn out to have a gorgeous face in a few years, though. She was the type of girl older boys who were tired of striking out with high school beauties usually sweet-talked into giving up her virginity--and then acted ashamed that they had stooped to fucking a middle school girl. They'd act like they didn't know her. I knew then that Bella was as likely candidate for my ploy as I'd ever find.

I approached her from behind and whirled her about by the elbow. "Come with me right now, young lady!" I snarled.

She looked frightened, but took a step in the direction I had indicated. I'd been wrong about the blue eyes, I noted as I took in her features. She was green-eyed, a pretty shade of it, too. Her full bottom lip quivered. "What did I do?" she asked as she continued to move toward my sedan. I had traded in the van. It did sort of scream, "PEDO ALERT!"

"No questions," I grumbled. "You just do what you're told and this will go easy for you."

She looked confused and terrified, but she was moving in the right direction without me alerting bystanders by manhandling her. To the world she probably looked like a girl in trouble with her strict dad. "In the car?" she asked.

"What did I tell you about questions?"

She got in. Just like that. She sat in the front passenger seat and even buckled up her seat belt when I turned the engine over. It was pretty clear that this girl had been handled roughly by a grown man before and was terrified of having it happen again.

"What's your name, bitch?" I asked as we drove. She stared slack-jawed at the name-calling. "Don't make me ask you again, cunt."

"B-bella."

"New to town?"

"Yes, two weeks," she said.

"Single mom raising you?"

"Yes," she said, astonished that I could see the obvious. "Who used to hurt you, dad, step-dad, mom's boyfriend?"

She went slack-jawed again, but just gave in to the notion that I had her completely pegged. "Step-dad," she whispered and sniffed a little. "He's gone now, though."

"He's probably a pussycat next to me, Bella. Remember that before you think about not doing what you're told. And if you run home and tell Mommy I will do things to her you didn't even know were possible."

Bella was outright crying now. This was her nightmare of what a grown man was. I put my hand on her thigh and ran the side of it along the crotch of her tight shorts. The mound had been a little visible before, and I'd liked that. Feeling it, hot even through the denim, was a lot better. I turned my palm over and began rubbing her cunt forcefully. She wept softly and made not one move to stop me.

"Bella, you're my little bitch from here on out. You do what I say, and you meet me when I tell you to meet me. It won't be so bad. I'll do things that feel good to your sexy little body, and I'll even take care of you a bit. If you're good at what I want, I might even give you a present now and then." There didn't seem to be any traffic or pedestrians on this sidestreet, so I risked bringing my hand up and squeezing a handful of tit. She whimpered at the amount of force I used. "Cross me, and I will make your life a living hell. Got it, whore?"

"Yesss!" she hissed as she grimaced at the pain. I let go of her tit and put my hand back down on her cunt.

"Shit, Bella, it feels wet down there. You're terrified about what I might do, but your slut body is warming up to it. Been fucked?" I asked as I pulled right into the attached garage of my little two-bedroom rental house.

"No," she said and wept a little more profusely.

"Sucked cock?" I asked as I shut off the engine.

She didn't answer, just looked down. I could have punished her for not responding, but she had pretty much given me a yes on that one. I opened the car door and told her with a jerk of my head to follow me into the house. She did. "A few times," she whispered, having decided I was going to find out anyway. "If I wanted one of the older boys to like me." I'd pretty much guessed right on that one. If one of the little bastards had gotten more aggressive, I wouldn't be dealing with a virgin.

"Take off your fucking clothes," I ordered. She pulled the belly shirt over her head and opened up the big-girl bra she wore. I'd thought her tits would be floppy, but they really weren't. I realized then that I had misjudged her build a bit. She wasn't quite as round as I'd thought. She was probably in the process of shedding the last of her baby fat. She was going to have maybe a half-dozen good years of just being a busty little bubble-butt before she started putting on grown-up fat. "How old are you, cunt?" I asked as she slipped the tight shorts and her pink panties off.

"Thirteen," she said. Somehow, that made her blush even more than the nudity. "I'm not even in eighth grade until the fall." That was it. She'd thought she'd make high school before getting fucked.

"Thirteen and a complete whore," I added. Humiliation angered some females but made others even more pliable. I had no doubt which type Bella was. "But you're growing into a very sexy teen, Bella. I really like your little body." I liked spinning their heads around with the occasional compliment. "Shit, girl, you're alright." I smiled and she timidly smiled back. She never lost the blush, though. "Come on down here by the couch and show me how you made those boys like you."

I made her open the front of my shorts and pull them down. She slipped my boxer briefs down as well. Her eyes widened a bit. "It's fatter," she said, seeming concerned for obvious reasons.

"I'm a grown man, Bella." I wasn't especially long, but the fullness of my cock had always seem to please grown women. I was sure it was going to do more than that to her tender little cunt.

She went to work on me timidly at first. But after a few moments she started giving me a real blowjob. I realized that the reason she'd probably been able to keep the older boys from going further than this was that she probably finished them off before they even had time to get worked up enough to get really aggressive. I was having a hard time keeping her from draining me. "More than a few times," I groaned. She looked up at me and was ashamed. "I know when a little slut has done this a lot. You were the blowjob queen of your old neighborhood, weren't you?" She started crying again, but it didn't stop her efforts on my cock. "Slow down! My parents aren't about to catch us," I ordered before the little bitch emptied me. "Please me for a long time, and then swallow every drop or you'll pay for it."

She was mystified at first. The boys probably hadn't been smart enough to pace her. If I'd been a high schooler I would have been thrilled just to have a quality blowjob. Delayed gratification is a learned concept. She took her time, then. She used long licks and little swirls. She didn't want to be doing this, but she wasn't squeamish around a cock. Who knows if maybe she'd planned on doing this today if she ran into a cute boy? She sucked on the top and then went deep a few times. She was doing her absolute best. Maybe she thought that like the boys I could be satisfied with just a blowjob. She really didn't get older men. All she knew of them was a stepdad who beat her and a stranger who forced her to strip naked and suck his cock.

Finally, I could hold back no longer. "Is it okay to finish?" she asked, afraid she'd done something wrong in being unable to hold back the inevitable. She could tell I was about to let loose in her mouth.

"Fucking finish then, whore!" I groaned and grabbed a handful of her light brown hair. I fucked her face and she just sucked whatever she could get her mouth around. It was a crude way to finish an artful display of fellatio, but I never did appreciate art unless it could be looked at in a dirty way. I erupted into her mouth and slowed my fucking, but I was still giving her a moving target. She gamely tried to lick and lap up every drop, but in the end there was some on her chin and some on her cheek just below her eye.

"I tried!" she cried out in fear. "I'm sorry!"

It took me a second to realize that she had failed to follow my order exactly. It wasn't her fault. I'd been moving around. Still, I had to make sure she thought I was merciless. I pulled her up over my knee and spanked her little bubble-butt. She whimpered, but didn't struggle to get free. She just remained in place and took her licks. She'd been paddled by someone who did far worse things if she tried to squirm away. I had appreciated her abusive stepdad's efforts to break her spirit before, but now I was being robbed of being the first to have spanked her bottom. I wanted something of my own. I jammed a finger right into her tight little asshole. It damned near bent the finger back at first, but I forced it in. She screamed and then groaned. Yeah, I was the first to have done that! "Quit fucking wiggling!" I snapped before she wrenched my finger back. She froze. "Good. Now wiggle slow and go back and forth. Let that finger know that your slut little ass wants it there." She obliged. It was tough, though. The tightness kept her from being able to slide on it much. "Needs some lube. Get your lazy ass into the bedroom and lay facedown."

She scampered to the bedroom while I took a little sniff of her ass on my finger. I chuckled. This was all so easy. Every total failure had been worth it. I had found my fucktoy and could probably keep it for as long as I wanted it. I got undressed the rest of the way and followed her in. I grabbed the KY from my nightstand and lubed up two fingers. It would hurt like hell for little Bubble-Butt, but even with lube I didn't think one finger could hold up to her tight ass fucking it. She didn't scream when I slid the two crossed-over fingers into her. She just groaned in pain for a few seconds. "Fuck my fingers with your ass, whore," I ordered.

Bella strained at first, but it didn't take long for her to be able to move freely on the greasy digits. In about a minute, she was finding a rhythm. She wasn't quite getting off on it, but she was getting closer. "Play with your little pussy, slut. It will make it easier for you." Bella started to roll over. I was going to stop her, but decided I would kind of like to see her do it. I pulled my hand back and let her roll over. I rocked her hips back and found it fairly easy to slide my fingers back into her ass. As I did, she started to diddle the pussy beneath her little patch of hair. She'd trimmed it a bit and shaved the edges, probably so she didn't have anything peek out of a swimsuit. They'd already opened the fire hydrants in her neighborhood. A new girl looking to make an impression would wear a swimsuit for that.

She wasn't squeamish about diddling, either. She might have gotten to a point where being more humiliated was unlikely, and she was obviously the kind of girl who knew how to flick her own bean. She couldn't really fuck my fingers now, but I could do that work for her. She had her eyes closed, maybe in pleasure, maybe in pain, maybe to avoid looking at me. Sure enough, my little bitch was heating up. "You like it, whore. You probably even like that it hurts a little." She groaned but didn't disagree. This little cunt was used to abuse, now the abuse was getting tied to sexual thrills. I was making a freak out of a thirteen-year-old. God, I was happy to be a bad man.

But my wrist was getting tired, and my hard-on was back. I could still reach the KY. Bella still had her eyes closed and didn't even realize I had lubed up my cock with my free hand. When my fingers came out of her ass, she sighed in relief for a second and then opened her eyes. She never did stop jilling off. But then I was pinning her legs back and lowering myself toward her. "No!" she called out as she realized what was about to happen, but it was too late. She was trapped in place, and my rock-hard cock was taking advantage of the fact that her asshole was partially stretched. "Oh God!" she shouted as my fat cock stretched her the rest of the way.  "Oh, ow!"

"Don't stop playing with your cunt!" I roared and managed to curve a slap around her leg and put a good smack on her left tit. I pulled the hand back. "Next one hits your face!" I warned.

She whimpered and closed her eyes as her hand went straight back to her pussy. "I'm only thirteen," she muttered. "Only thirteen."

"And if I'd found you when you were ten, you still would have taken it up the ass like a slut. Count your blessings, bitch." After that, I didn't talk as much. Plowing a cock into an ass as tight as hers took some work. I had gained enough ground to get my knees on the bed, so I could use some force. I took her ass hard. It felt incredible. It squeezed everywhere on my shaft, and the head was getting so much pressure it hovered on the edge of pain.

Beneath me, Bella had found her spot again. She was a great little diddler, that one. She didn't exactly like the cock in her ass, but she had adjusted to it. And even though it wasn't by choice, Bella reacted to sexual things in a sexual way. Before I was able to muster my second orgasm of the day, Bella's fingers and the ass-fucking gave her her first. "No," she whispered. "Don't do THAT!" She was talking to her body. It wasn't a world-shaking climax for her, but it was impossible to miss.

"Fucking little whore," I said softly and chuckled. Poor kid. She didn't know better than to believe me. All that had really happened was that she'd been forced to do something she was good enough at to make her body react positively under duress. But in her little mind, she'd gotten off on getting ass-raped by a stranger. I wouldn't need any more threats to get her to obey me now. She was sold on the notion that she was a freak.

I kept pumping, and my legs were starting to protest, but I knew I was close. I finished and just held myself deep inside of her as my cock did the thing it likes the most. I filled the little bitch's ass with cum and then froze there until the last of it had drained out. I finally slipped my flagging shaft out and then watched for a bit as the fruits of my efforts came back out in little globs as her asshole spasmed. Finally, I flopped down on the bed and felt incredibly pleased with myself. "Go clean your ass up, and then bring a washcloth and clean your filth off me." I made it an order and made her seem like the dirty one, but really it was sort of a kindness. I was giving the kid a break. Besides, I was never really big on sticking my cock in a girl's pussy after it had come out of her ass. I was such a gentleman.

She took a little time in the bathroom. I'm guessing part of it was for a good cry, but I just didn't care very much. We both needed the break anyhow. Finally, she came back and did a good job of tenderly cleaning me up. "What's your name?" she asked in a quiet voice as she ran a cool washcloth over my balls.

"What did I tell you about questions?" I said only sounding mildly annoyed. I sighed after a while. "Mister G," I lied.

"It hurt, Mr. G," she said. "You're not very nice to me."

What the fuck was this? She was trying to have a relationship with me? I just used it. "You're a sweet and sexy girl, Bella, but you're a freak, and I'm mean in bed. That's how it's gonna be with us."

"I don't want to do anymore," she said softly.

"You will," I answered, leaving it ambiguous as to whether that was because of who I was or who she was.

"I just wanted you to know," she said. "Did you mean the part before about being nice to me if I do everything you tell me to?"

"I don't see why not," I said. "You're easy enough to like. Things just have to be done my way."

She was quiet and thought about things. "I'll do everything you want. Weird stuff, whatever. But I'm not saying yes. I'm just... I need you to be nice to me sometimes after you make me do it."

"Why do you need that?" I asked, not quite getting why anyone would need the man who was forcing her to be his slave would really care if he was nice sometimes.

"Who doesn't need someone to be nice to them?" she asked. She didn't have the guile to be playing me for pity. She was just one of those sad sack kids with no one who was ever kind to them.

"I'll be nice sometimes, but it means I'll have to be meaner other times to make up for it."

"Okay," she said softly.

Well, that had been interesting. I didn't really care in any way if she was happy. Sorry if that offends you, but it's true. But it had given me another way to control her. And it might provide me with another level of safeguard to keep her from telling. If there was some sort of twisted connection, then she would have to admit to herself that she was more than just a girl who got abducted and raped. Maybe she already had.

"It's not nice time, though," I said and stood up. "Get your slut ass out of bed. Don't get your hopes up, though. Time for you to make some art." Well, there was only one kind of art I cared for, and even innocent little Bella had a pretty good idea what that was.

She moved woodenly toward the living room. "Please," she started without much hope. "I don't want to be a kiddie porn star."

"What you want makes no fucking difference, Bella. But this is just for me. I'm not in show business." That was mostly true. I didn't have the head for running something like a kiddie porn ring. If I went big, I'd get caught. I did know a couple pervs who collected pictures and videos of little girls, though.

One of them had volunteered the information that he would pay a pretty penny for something custom-made just for him. He gave a pretty detailed description of what he wanted. "I'll sell it to a Japanese guy I know in the end," he warned. "He won't resell it, though. He feels like he owns girls he has videos of. Now, she don't need to be a beauty or nothing, but I would give you $5,000 for a video of a sweet little white girl getting abused a bit. No blood, unless it's her cherry, and no real injuries. Lots of tears, though. She needs to get wrecked. No hookers and no pro models. I want the real thing, a sweetie getting defiled." I'd asked if he was going to want to meet the girl later. "No," he said. "Girls are always disappointing in person." I really differed with him on that point, but that was okay. I'd always known that once I got a little toy I'd never want to share her anyway. I had no moral qualms about making Bella do things for other guys. I just didn't want to do it because of my personal tastes. She was mine.

"Get your little slut ass against that wall over there," I told her when she froze in the doorway and stared at all the cameras I was switching on.

"I'll do anything if you don't make me do this," she pleaded without hope again. "I only want you to ever see me like this."

"I'm not a porn producer," I said. "I just want to remember our first time together forever. In a couple years you'll still be coming to see me and you can look at this again and wonder why you were such a slut at only thirteen." She had a hard time wrapping her head around the 'couple years' part. It meant I planned on continuing to molest her, but it also meant that I thought enough of her to keep her around. "Put your hands behind your ass. Look right into the camera. Now, tell me what happened to you so far today."

She sniffed back a few tears. "Mr. G made me get into his car. He took me home and did things to me."

"Come on, bitch. You know what I want."

"Mr. G made me strip naked and then he made me suck his cock. I was scared of it because it was fatter than any cock I'd ever seen. He--he told me to swallow it all when I finished, but he was fucking it into my face, and I missed some of it. So, I got punished. He spanked me and then he--please-- I don't want to say it."

"Bitch, you are going to say it."

She wept a little more. "Then Mr. G stuck his fingers up my ass and made me fuck them even though it hurt. He let me play with myself so it felt better, and I was getting used to it, but then he... he put that stupid fat cock right in my ass. It hurt a lot, but he made me keep playing with myself as he fucked me." She broke down a bit, but then she looked at me and got a hard glare. She forced herself to go on. "I got used to the cock then. It hurt and felt good at the same time. And then... I came because I'm kind of a whore. I'm only thirteen, and I never fucked anybody, but I came with Mr. G's cock up my ass because I'm a stupid freak!" That broke her down some more. She gave good video. I thought I was going to have to calm her down to get her to continue, but then she looked back up. "I cleaned us up, and he promised he'd be nice to me sometimes. He also said he'd be mean to me a lot of the time. The second part I know is right. I'm only hoping for the first part to turn out to be true."

"Tell me what you'd done before you came here."

"All I ever did was give blowjobs to some older boys and let them feel me up."

"Did you give a lot of blowjobs?"

"Yes," she admitted this time. "Like Mr. G said, I was the blowjob queen of my old neighborhood. But I never let them fuck me."

"So, you're a virgin right now?"

"Yes, and I want to stay one, but Mr. G isn't going to let me." She just stood and stared at me. "Why are you putting on a mask?" she asked.

"In case you steal the video to show off to the other little sluts in your neighborhood. I'm not having my face on it as I'm force-fucking a thirteen-year-old." The mask covered the whole top half of my face and the sides all the way down to the jawline. It had an open space so that I could speak.

"I would NEVER show this to anyone!"

"Things might change, bitch. You're never going to be the same after today. You might even try to sell it to make some cash." She shook her head and looked down at the floor. That was outside her frame of mind. I checked my cameras again. They were set up all over so I had lots of angles. I'd been preparing and hoping for this day for a while now. I would try to have her crying little face in at least one of camera's eye all the time. Even if the guy never came through with the five grand, I still did want this video for myself. And I always liked porn where you could see the girl's face twisting in both agony and ecstasy.

First, I needed a little more rough stuff, though. I had a nice soft flogger whip. It wouldn't cut her up, but it would definitely sting. I moved her a couple feet from the wall and then made sure that the main camera was framed to have her face. A couple of the side ones were set wide enough to catch her whole body. I moved back to her and put her hands on top of her head. She cried before I even hit her. The menace of the flogger was probably as bad as the actual sting. "Tell the camera what you are," I hissed.

"I'm a freak," she sobbed.

"More."

"I'm a slut and a whore. I'm Mr. G's little bitch."

"What else are you. Be really honest. Say what you really feel."

"I'm a little girl, and I want to go home," she whispered. I cracked the flogger across her ass. I was taking it on faith that her Mommy who didn't seem to really love her wasn't likely to see this little girl's private parts. Bella sobbed. "Please, let me go!"

"Not a chance, bitch. I am going to do all kinds of things to you today. And you are going to keep coming back. Do you know what we're doing tomorrow?"

"No!" she squeaked as I twisted her nipple.

"We're going out to the suburbs where no one knows either of us, and we're going to see a movie and have a nice meal and then go out for ice cream. You're going to pretend you're my daughter, and I am going to treat you like a princess. Would you like that?"

"Yes!" she admitted as I twisted the other nipple.

"Then we have to do this today." I smacked her ass with the flogger and she whimpered. She was standing straighter now, though. I'd given her a concrete image of me being nice to her. She did double over after I brought the flogger down over the top of her tits. But then she stood back straight and waited for the next thing. I gave her a light smack on her cunt. I didn't want to really hurt that spot. I liked to fuck cunts, not destroy them. She took a couple steps back, more from shock than anything, and then she hustled back in place and stood waiting. "Do you like the whip?" I asked.

"I'm scared you'll really hurt me with it, but... Oh god, I'm a freak!"

"Yes you are, baby girl. You connected pain and sex in your little brain. If your stepdad had touched you after he beat you, you would have cum all over his fingers, wouldn't you?"

"DON'T!" she snapped.

"Fuck that, bitch. I know all your secrets. You're terrified of grown men and crave their kindness all at the same time. You're going to do what bad men tell you. You are a slut, and you will be for the rest of your life. Bet you understand your mommy better now, don't you?"

"Why does she let those awful men be so horrible to her?"

"Why do you, cunt?" I flicked the whip to her ass, tits and pussy in rapid succession. Her breathing increased in pace. She was falling into it. She was very easy to convince of things.

"I want you to be nice to me," she whispered and wept. "It's worth it if you're nice to me!"

For the first time, I kissed her. She took her hands off her head and put them on the sides of my mask as her lips sought mine. She hoped the tenderness would last. It didn't. I placed the handle of the whip against her neck and backed her to the wall. She didn't resist at all. "That's it, slut. Nice and easy. You're going to be little cum-dump from now on. Don't fight it. Just know that's what you're good for. Maybe if you'd sucked your stepdad's cock he wouldn't have beat you so much." That was just mean, but it did force her to discover an untapped well of sobs. My video buyer wanted her wrecked. Now, she was wrecked.

I picked up her hips and lifted her, still keeping her back on the wall. She looked at me one last time, begging with her eyes for me to stop. She saw the expression on my face and didn't even bother to verbalize the plea. She just froze as I lined up my cock and pushed her down onto it. She whimpered and groaned. I felt mild resistance where her cherry should be, but nothing extreme. It must have been partly broken already, but there was a little something there. She yelped as I pushed through the remains of her hymen. "God, you actually did it," she moaned. "You actually did it to me."

"Wait until you see what I do next," I said merrily. I'd fucked a few whores not much older than her, but I'd never had a cunt this young. I was overjoyed and I couldn't contain it. I pummeled her against the wall. She was little enough to have the cock cause her some distress, but big enough that it didn't injure her. "Soft cunt, but tight!" I grunted. She was soft and warm, and despite her unhappiness, very wet. Her body constantly betrayed her, and even worse, part of her mind pushed the thought that she liked being treated like a whore. She was a mess of feelings and emotions. Like I said, she was wrecked.

I wasn't deluded enough to believe that she wanted what had happened to her today. She might have willingly become my lover if I'd been nice to her for a while. Hell, if I had been nice to her for a long time, she might have been able to develop normal relationships with men. Her chances of developing a healthy sex life would have increased even more if I'd just left her alone. Sure, some high school hot shot would have probably been cold to her after conning her into fucking, but almost every girl goes through that. No, I was bad for her through and through.

But she was sure as hell doing great things for my level of happiness. I loved fucking her. She seemed so helpless to resist that it made me feel strong. Abusing her kind of amused me, but I was thrilled to the marrow that I had created a situation where I could abuse her and she'd keep coming back. I owned a cute little girl completely. That had been a dream of mine since the day I'd gotten my first pubes, maybe even before.

I was still fucking her against the wall and enjoying it completely, but I wanted a little more drama. I pulled out of her and then just stepped back. She slid down the wall and landed heavily. She was confused, but I picked her up by the hair and turned her around before backing her right onto my cock. I stood and fucked her pussy slowly, taking my time and letting her body discover the thrill of the change of pace. She was taking those deep breaths again, now. She couldn't help the fact that even unwanted sex stimulated her. I searched with my foot for a moment and found the flogger. I dragged it with my toes until it got to where I could reach it. I kept fucking Bella with slow, lewd strokes, but I would lazily smack her with the flogger. A smack to the ass, a reach under to put a little sting on her precocious titties, a casual drop between her shoulder blades.

These blows were soft, but they would sting slightly, and they would make certain that the slow fuck was a nasty piece of work. She was in almost no physical distress from the cock gently pumping her young cunt, and that meant that her body could take more pleasure in being fucked. But the little stings would remind her that she was being used by a bad man at the same time her body was getting off. "Feel it building, Bella? Feel that cum building up? When I was just fucking you it wasn't there. Now, I'm fucking you and whipping you and you're getting all wound up. Nasty little whore. You better hope I keep you for a long time. Who else would want a useless little bitch like you?"

The humiliation had found its way in again and her knees began to buckle. I steered her to the end of the bed. She put both hands out to steady herself, but I soon pulled one back to her pussy. She had good fingers. The odds of me making her cum during the first rape of her pussy went up quite a bit if she worked her own sex as I was doing it. 

She dug her fingers into her pussy for a while and then she kind of lost her mind. "I hate you," she hissed. That made sense to me. She had plenty of reason for hating her rapist. "You fucking stupid little whore, I HATE YOU!" she shouted. I guess she hadn't been talking to me in the first place. "Go ahead and cum on his cock, you little slut. It's all you're good for anyway. Let him hit you. You deserve it. You deserve a man like him, stupid little bitch!"  Well, if she was going to abuse herself like that there was hardly any need for me to be there, but I was damned glad I was. I'd been an asshole to quite a few women and older girls, but I had never driven one to this kind of display. Face it, crazy women are hot in general. Crazy thirteen-year-old girls naked on the end of your cock are even hotter. "Hit the bitch again," she hissed. "Hit her hard!"

I obliged, within reason. I still had no designs on injuring or breaking my new toy. I laid a little heavier drop between her shoulder blades. Bella shrieked and then shook all over. She was cumming. I'd managed to get her to put herself over a second time. I didn't really care much about her pleasure except as a tool to control her. I'd managed to use that tool pretty well, though.

I pumped her hard for a few seconds and that was all it took. I fired about half my load in her little cunt and then pulled out and put the last of it on the small of her back for the camera to see. I sank to my knees for a few seconds, bit her lightly on her ass and then grabbed a camera off my nightstand. I was hoping to get a few more words from crazy, broken Bella. "How do you feel, Bella?" I asked her as she slumped down at the end of the bed.

"What?" she asked groggily.

"What just happened there?"

"I came on his cock," she mumbled. "I was bad. He knew all along I was bad. That's why he picked me."

"So, you think you deserve to be treated like a filthy little slut?"

"Yeah. Yeah," she muttered. She was still barely aware of what was going on. It was like watching someone who was doped up.

"Did you know before today that you were nothing but a little whore?"

"I thought I was a good girl."

"And you'll come back with me and do this again?"

"I have to. I'm bad. He's here to punish me."

I made her stand up and turn around so that all the carefully placed marks were visible to the cameras. Then, I let her get dressed. She was fair-skinned, but unless she had some bruising that really spread out, she would pass inspection in summer clothes. I instructed her to wear a full t-shirt and to make sure her shorts didn't reveal any of her stripes. She didn't protest at all. She really didn't want anyone to know what had been done to her, especially because she thought it made her bad.

I dropped her off in the neighborhood where I'd found her, and she wandered toward home without looking back. She'd been given instructions as to where to meet me the next day. I took her to all the places I'd promised. I gave her a full day of princess treatment. She was glum and almost non-responsive for part of the day, but after lunch she perked up. She was almost giddy by the end of the day. She grabbed my hand before she got out of the car. "You kept your promise," she said. "I know you punish me because I'm bad inside and I need it. But you're sweet to me sometimes, too. Maybe there's some good in me, too. But no matter what, I think you are the most wonderful man in the world. I'm a lucky girl!" She practically bounced out of the car.

I looked after her and thought for a moment. I'd taken a vulnerable kid and driven her so far into delusion that she now thought her rapist was a wonderful man. I'd probably really broken something inside of her. I smiled. It was going to be easy to keep this little bitch as my plaything. I'd committed an act of evil and been amply rewarded. Life is great sometimes. That reminded me. I had my act of evil on video, and if I wanted to get rewarded for it again I'd better get it edited and contact my buyer!

>>>

I had Bella for three years before her stupid cow of a mother fell for some fly-by-night and moved out to the West Coast, dragging my little bitch with her. It was okay in some ways. I'd grown mildly fond of Bella over that time, but I had grown even more cruel in some ways. The closer we got, the more my mind games broke her down. Another year or so with me and she was going to end up in an institution or something. This way, she got to go be crazy in San Diego and I didn't have to deal with it.

By that time, of course, there were a whole new bunch of middle school girls in the city. They'd never seen my act. About a month after Bella left, I saw a little blonde with a gorgeous body but absolutely no sense of style. Like a lot of odd duck girls that age, she could be damned cute with the right clothes and hair. I approached her from behind. "Come with me right now, young lady!" I ordered.

She looked at me as I pointed where to go. She had big blue eyes behind her unfashionable glasses. She was terrified. Her knees were shaking. I took a couple steps toward the car. She followed.

Feedback welcome: mannheimknot@gmail.com





