The Hen Party
by dazed

Nothing can get more out of control and wild than a bunch of women who have had too much to drink. Megan Larson would learn that lesson in a most humiliating way. Megan was engaged to be married and as was typical just before the wedding, her friends had organized a hen party.

The event was held a private home of one of her friends, and member of the wedding party. It had plenty of room and was in a rather remote location that would not disturb the neighbors. Everyone arrived in a jubilant mood and ready to party. While many of the girls were downing mixed drinks, Megan hugged a glass of red wine, not wanting to have a hang over for the wedding day. The risque behavior of her drunken friends soon took a sinister turn when someone suggested playing a strip game. All the girls laughed and hooted at the thoughts, but Megan, of course, waved her hand and signaled that she was not going to play.

That was when all the girls rushed her, forcing the glass from her hands, they drug her from her chair, kicking and screaming and laughing, and pinned her to the floor. Before she knew what was happening she felt her clothes being removed. The laughter and yells from the girls drowned out her pleas for them to stop as her pants and shirt went flying across the room. Her arms pinned to the floor, she felt her bra being removed, and her C-cup tits being suddenly exposed, as hands playfully squeezed and kneaded her naked breasts and robust nipples.

Another scream escaped her lips, drowned out by the rowdy laughter of the girls, as her panties were tugged down her legs and tossed aside. Megan now lay naked on the floor, her arms pinned down and her legs spread wide as the girls laughed and teased her. It was soon apparent, that they drunken girls were not about to end at that.

"Look at that, would you?" One of the girls yelped as she pointed to the black patch of hair that covered Megan's pussy. "This is the 20th century girl. Your husband will be expecting a bald pussy. Let's shave it for him," she yelled as the others laughed and voiced their approval.

"Nooooo! let me up!" Megan screamed as she struggled helplessly to break their grasps, but to no avail.

A couple of girls ran to the bathroom and came back with a razor, shave cream, and a towel. Another went to the kitchen and returned with a small bowl of hot water to soak the razor in. Megan was screaming wildly as the elected girl dabbed her pussy with the water and began spreading the shaving cream over her mound. Other girls began filming the scene on their cell phones. It seemed that Megan's helpless nudity only made them more wild and crazy.

The humiliation of having her pussy shaved in front of all her friends showed on Megan's face as she blushed a crimson red, while struggling to free herself from the vice-like grips that held her arms and legs. Slowly the mat of black pubic hair gave way to a glistening bald pussy as the girls laughed and took close up pictures.

They next decided that Megan needed to drink more, so they forced her to drink mixed drinks, laughing as the alcohol dribbled down her chin and onto her tits. Much to her chagrin, Megan was getting light headed, and feeling quite a buzz, which was the last thing she wanted.

Somewhere in the melee, one of the girls somehow found a large feather. They spread Megan's legs as wide as they would go and took to the newly shaved pussy mercilessly. They took turns tickling her labia, and clit, until her legs were shaking.

"Make her cum!" the chants begin be heard. They grew louder and louder as the demented feather tormented her clit and pussy. The juices were flowing wildly, making her cunt glisten, much to the amusement of the girls. Megan was brought to one orgasm after another until her tortured pussy began squirting. She wept from humiliation as her female ejaculate sprayed like pee everywhere, while the girls laughed hysterically and whooped, while filming it all.

"That was naughty," one of the girls remarked in a drunken slur. "Naughty girls get spanked."

That remark brought on a total new wave of embarrassment as Megan was hoisted to her feet and draped over the arm of a recliner. Her hands again pinned down, all the girls took turns tanning her bare ass while she wept and pleaded with them to stop. By the time the last one was finished, her ass was blistered red and she was weeping alligator tears.

The drunken girls were hell bent now to keep Megan naked all night, doing things to her. They stood her up and with her hands held behind her back, they took turns writing on her body with markers. "Slut, cock whore, insert penis here, " and other sexual slurs were written all over her body, they even drew on her ass cheeks.

It was almost one in the morning when they forced her to walk between them butt naked around the neighborhood. Cars honked, guys yelled, and even had their pictures taken beside the naked and very humiliated Megan.

Once back in the house, they decided to continue her humiliation by taping a dildo that someone had brought to a chair and making her ride it. The image of Megan bouncing up and down on the dildo, soaking it with her cum, was captured on many cell phones. Sometime shortly after, Megan passed out. She woke up around 6 AM with a splitting headache. The house was empty. She looked in vain for her clothes but could not find them anywhere.

Ashamed and humiliated, Megan made her way to her car, which, fortunately for her, she had left the keys in the glove compartment. The ride home naked was one of absolute terror, but not as much as having to explain to her prudish mother why she was coming in at 6 in the morning reeking of alcohol and bare ass naked.

Megan made her way to the shower and sighed as the water cascaded down her body. She was thankful that today was the wedding. No more hen parties for her!
