Fucking My Sister Megha 



My name is Sid I am from New Delhi. I am here to share my experience
with my sister named Megha. It begins like this: One day my parents
had gone out of station to attend a marriage. So my sister Megha and I
were alone in the home. That night I was watching TV in the very late.
Then suddenly our cable operator put some blue films. It was a very
arousing film. Infact I would say it was the best blue films I would
have ever seen. I got so much aroused by this that I started
masturbating over there only. Then after few minutes semen erupted out
from my dick. But then also I was not fully satisfied as the film was
very arousing. Then I though of to go to sleep. But I was not able to
sleep.  Then I went into the Megha's room to check whether she is
asleep or not. That day I came to know the beauty of her since I was
very aroused. Suddenly I forgot that she is my sister. She seems to me
a girl only from whom I can empty my sexual desires. I went near to
her touched her boobs, which were very big.  
Then I slowly opened the two buttons of her shirt. I was able to see
her cleavage and also some part of her breast, as it was tide in the
white bra. It was looking nice on her body rather than I would say it
was a perfectly match to her body. I started moving my hand between
her cleavage and feeling the hot sensation over there. I licked out
the warm sweat of it, which was very tasty and salty. Then I moved my
hands on her boobs and started pressing it hard. Then I moved my hands
towards her back and opened the hooks of her bra. I removed the straps
of the bra and was able to get a clear view of her breast. Then I
moved my hands over it and licked her nipples. It was very tasty. Then
she started moaning very hard so I quick stopped over there and closed
the buttons of her shirt and moved back. Then after few minutes I
returned back and again opened the shirt and then took out my dick.
Then I started masturbating between her breast and when I was about to
erupt the semen I just pour it into her breast and licked it. Then I
closed the bra and shirt and leaved from there.
The next morning she was looking at me very strange as if she was
asking what had happened last night. That evening she asked me to
bring her a bottle of water. I quickly filled the bottle and went into
the bathroom and took out the liquid and pour it into the water filled
bottle and gave it to her. She was telling me that the taste of the
water is different. Then I told her that water is not coming purified.
Again in the night when I was reading story then my sister Megha
caught me red handed. She asked why I am doing this all. Then she also
asked me what did I do to her yesterday? I was frozen by her questions
but then I told her the truth. After that I again got aroused that I
started kissing her lips. She told me to stop as it was wrong but I
didn't stopped and started pressing her boobs also. I started kissing
her lips and moving my hands all over her body. Then she also started
getting aroused and said, "You wanted to fuck me, you bahenchood, so
fuck me". She started to kiss me widely. She started to undress me.
She first went for my huge cock. My dick was on full erect that time.
She kissed my balls and took the full 9" inside her mouth and gave me
a great blowjob. I told her that I was gonna cum. She said the unload
all of it inside her mouth. A huge pile of cum shot right inside her
mouth. I was also moaning. A bit of cum dropped outside her mouth and
she licked it back in.  Both of us were fully enjoying it. Then I was
also ready now and I started to undress her. First I opened her skirt
and it dropped down on the floor. Then slowly I started to open her
shirt. Now she was only wearing matching white bra and a panty.  
I opened her bra and her boobs fell out loosely. WOW, that was a great
sight. I kissed her first gently on her nipples and then I started to
suck it. She gave me a big moan. I liked the sound of it
"yeahhhhhhh.........mmmmmmmmmm.........Ohhhhhhhhhhhh..". She said
"Fuck me hard like a bitch". Then I started to lick her whole body.
She had her pussy shaved and she really had a nice pussy. I picked my
sister up and I started to take her to the bedroom. She suddenly said
"NO". I was surprised. Again I started moving, she said "NO". I asked
her what was the problem. She said that she wanted to get fucked right
there - in the drawing room. I kept her down and spread her legs. I
could see her vagina sealed. I started to lick her pussy. She started
moaning. By that time I could see the love juice coming out of the
cave. I licked every part of it. Then she said the she wanted to loose
her virginity (and mine too). It was waiting for a rod to be broke
open. I pressed her breast hard. She screamed a bit. I sucked her
nipples so hard that I nearly bit it.  Then I applied my saliva on her
cunt and on my dick for lubrication. Then I guided my rod through her
legs into her pink pussy and in one blow broke open her lock. She
screamed with pleasure and me too. I started the to and fro motion
slowly. She was saying stop, stop and moaning like a wild bitch. I did
not care and I was ramming her on the floor and had pinned her. I
could see the blood coming out and my sister was enjoying every bit of
her life at that time. I told her that another load of cum was going
to come out. We did not care and I shot the load right inside her
vagina. Both of us were exhausted till that time. We went inside the
room and came into 69 position. I put my whole weight on her and
started fucking her. I know she was also enjoying. I put my hands
below her boobs and started to squeeze them while fucking her ass. In
five minutes, I started to cum. I leaked my juice in her ass. I laid
there like that on her for about two minutes. Then she came on top of
me like a cowgirl and started riding on top of me with my dick in her
pussy. Her juice was leaking out. I took my dick out and licked her
honey pot empty. Then I unloaded my cum on her body, her breast, hair,
stomach. She took it and licked it. Then we both went to have a bath.
In the shower, I grabbed her by the hips, pushed her down on the floor
and pushed in my dick. I started to fuck her again and the motion was
now even more faster. 
Now I had gone mad. Under the shower I started to fuck her and lick
her like a mad dog. Then I took my dick out and I put it in her mouth
and unloaded all of my cum into it. She then told me that she was
tired and we bout lied naked, and wet on the bed. We both were smiling
at each other and she told me that she wanted to do this again and
again whenever we had a chance. I readily agreed. From the day we both
had a very good relationship. We fucked each other like hungry dog and
a bitch.



