The Tennis Captain
by jastes22 
*Thanks to TheBlushingPrincess for the idea!*

Amanda is tricked by her friends into learning the hard way what it takes to be the new tennis captain.

Part 1: Trickshot - Amanda is tricked into losing a challenge with high stakes.

I smacked the tennis ball in a powerful swing. The ball spun, striking the corner of the in-bound line and bouncing away into the chain link fence that surrounded the court.

I grinned and threw my hands in the air. “Yeah!”

Bailey, beside me, grinned and we clanged our rackets together. “Nice job! That’s game!”

On the other side of the net, Harper stuck out her tongue. “You guys got lucky!”

“Oh, yeah?” Bailey said. “How about a little challenge?”

“You’re on,” Harper said. “What’s the game?

“Doubles. Me and Amanda against you and Melinda,” Bailey said. “Winners get to tie up the losers for an hour.”

I looked at her. That seemed pretty steep for a challenge, but we had it in the bag—Bailey and I were the best players. In fact, I had just become team captain, a role I was still trying to prove that I deserved.

As we started to play, something felt off. Harper and Melinda kept aiming for Bailey, who would inextricably “miss” each one. We lost quickly.

Harper grinned, jumping up and down in excitement. “Take that, losers!” She grabbed something from her bag. Zipties?

She pushed me to the chain link fence and bound my hands high above my head so my legs had to stretch. I felt part of my polo shirt ride up my stomach. Instead of tying up Bailey, though, she simply stepped aside and let Bailey take the center.

Horror washed over me as the realization of what had just happened came over me.

“You made us lose on purpose!” This had been the plan all along. Get my cocky, agree to a ridiculous challenge, then have Bailey throw it.

Bailey grinned. “Guilty. Now we have you for two hours.”

I gawked at her. “Two hours? But the deal was for one!”

“One hour for both of us. But you’re going to be the new captain,” Bailey said. “Captains are responsible for the loss of their team. So that means you do both yours and my punishment.”

“Punishment?”

“Yep,” Bailey said. “I think you told me once that you are extremely ticklish. I think some tickle torture is in order.”

My heart sank as I realized that I was tricked into my current predicament. Two hours of torture? I pulled against my bonds again, but it only rattled the fence. I started to feel my heart race. There was no way I was going to make it through this.

I swallowed. Crap.

Bailey made first contact. She ran her fingers down my sides, pressing down on my ribs. I shrieked and twisted with what little movement I had, but of course I couldn’t go anywhere.

The other two descended upon me. Harper dug in alongside Bailey, but Melinda held back, if only slightly. With six hands all across me, there was no part of me that wasn’t being attacked. I heaved, squealed, and struggled against the zip ties which dug into my wrists.

They pulled away, leaving me groaning and gasping for air. Why had they stopped?

“H-how long?” I asked, breathless.

“5 minutes,” Harper said.

“What? Five minutes? There’s no way!”

Bailey shrugged. “That’s what it is. I’m so happy we have nearly two more hours of this.”

I groaned. This was going to be impossible.

“I hear you, Amanda, I do,” Bailey said. “We’re prepared to give you an offer.”

I looked up, relief suddenly filling me. “Anything!”

Bailey grinned. “Glad to hear that. Here’s our offer. You can trade for less time…but you can only trade your clothes.”

I felt my face flush. What? My clothes? They couldn’t be serious. As soon as I thought that, I knew that wasn’t true. These girls were some of the most hard-working, talented girls I had ever worked with. They were dead serious.

“Every five minutes, you can make an offer. If we don’t like it, we’ll go for another five. Does that sound good?”

I glared at her. Did that sound good? No, it sounded awful!

“Let’s start with your shoes and socks,” Harper said.

There was a long pause. I realized that they were waiting for me to make an offer. “Oh, umm…5 minutes for each. So, 20 minutes?”

Bailey put her hand on her face, as if thinking. “Hmm…that’s a little steep. No deal. Girls?”

“Wait—”

Their hands crawled on my body, eager to resume my torment. I flailed, feeling my polo ride up my stomach. Capitalizing on it, Harper her fingers up my side. Not enough to actually ride up my shirt up any more, but enough to get a good portion of my skin

Finally, mercifully, they pulled away. They waited for me to catch my breath. “5 minutes…” I gasped. “5 minutes…”

“For all of it?”

I nodded, not trusting myself to speak.

As they started to remove my tennis shoes, I squeaked at the slightest touch. My feet were super sensitive, and even over my socks the slightest prodding made me want to screech.

Out of pure reflex, I pulled my feet back, but I had nowhere to go. Harper held my feet while Melinda grabbed the ends of my socks by the toes, giggling at my reaction. My socks slid off, and I shuddered at the sensation of my bare feet being exposed to the cool March air.

I put my feet down on the acrylic court, the cold and rubbery smoothness a strange sensation. I felt a jolt run through my legs to my crotch. Not a physical jolt, but more like a tingling sensation at the alien feeling of standing outside barefoot.

“Alright, so we’re up to 15 minutes,” Bailey said. I groaned softly. One hour had seemed like forever. Two hours was going to be an eternity.

“Let’s move on to your shirt,” Bailey said. “How much?”

My stomach still hurt from when they had just tickled me. I didn’t want to go through that again. By making me choose the amount of time that my clothes was worth, I was consenting to letting them strip me. And by tacking on a punishment if I proposed a deal that wasn’t satisfactory, I would have to arbitrarily value my clothes lower.

“Ten minutes,” I said. That felt terribly low, but I didn’t want to risk another tickling session.

Bailey nodded and grinned. She could see that she was breaking me down. “Good!” She reached forward, grabbed the hem of my dark-green polo shirt and pulled it up. I held my breath as my bare stomach came into view of the girls.

Bailey stepped closer to me as she pulled my shirt up and over my head, letting it clump above me. I squirmed as my blue sports bra came into view. This was getting very real, very fast.

“Alright, time to get serious,” Melinda said. “Time for your pretty little skirt.”

I blushed. Even though nothing really had been revealed, I could feel the situation getting away from me very quickly. “30 minutes,” I said, trying to sound resolute.

Harper scoffed. “A full quarter of your sentence just for your skirt? No way.”

“Waitwaitwait—”

They didn’t let me finish before jumping on me. I realized my mistake in letting them take my shoes so quickly. Harper went for my bare stomach and chest. I burst into tears of laughter. With my hands extended above my head, it stretched out my midriff, which made it even more sensitive. Harper even slid her fingers underneath the straps of my bra for a moment, scratching my sides, but didn’t take it off yet. Melinda hesitated. I wondered if she had been in on Harper and Bailey’s plan before this.

My attention focused on Harper, I didn’t realize that Melinda and Bailey had moved underneath them. I felt Melinda grab my shin and pull my food up and—

Holy freaking crap! I let out a blood-curdling scream as Bailey scraped her thumbnail down the sole of my foot.

5 minutes.

“Do you want to try again?” Harper asked.

I groaned.
“Don’t get mad at us,” Melinda said. “You’re the one who made the deal.”

I glared at her. My hair was a mess, and I was sweating more than I had during practice. My stomach throbbed and my heartbeat raced. “15…15 minutes.”

Somehow, it was worse that the girls didn’t just take my clothes after tickling but instead forced me to keep making awful deals until I went low enough to satisfy them. Every time I went horribly low for each piece of clothing, I felt more and more shame. I felt like I was practically begging them to take my clothes, just to get out of more unbearable tickling. I would never have thought I’d be willing to trade my last piece of outerwear for 15 minutes of not being tickled. At least, not until this moment.

They looked at each other, as if trying to decide if that was enough.

“Please…” I gasped.

“Fine,” Bailey said, as if disappointed. She grabbed the hem of my skirt with both hands and ripped it down the middle. I whimpered as she stepped back and the three of them looked at me, clad in what was barely more conservative than my underwear. Watching them look at them, I realized that they weren’t going to let me free until I had lost every shred of clothing.
