
Now whatever I'd thought about sex with other people before we got into it I can't really remember but even when we began to plan it I don't think I contemplated it becoming standard practice but it very quickly did. My husband Jack, who drove this, bought me a dress and shoes and two weeks after I'd agreed I had sex with a stranger. It was fun if a little rushed but before I could blink I was at it again.

In truth I'd taken very little persuasion and went at it with swift enthusiasm which rather confused me because I felt no guilt at all, before during or after. We stopped to take stock after the second time but of course we both wanted it and I happily went out again twice more over the next two months.

I have to admit I was feeling so very different and really sexual so enjoyed it although I was still mystified about Jack's attitude to this: He kept telling me how he loved seeing me with these other men and he actually made three homemade videos of me. Then one night he suggested that perhaps rather than taking `pot luck' he would find someone different for me to try, if I was happy for him to choose. I happily agreed since while it was fun picking men up there were several elements I didn't like; firstly there was the risk that the guy might be weird (in bed or a stalker or something), secondly I might be seen by someone I knew and that would have been awful and thirdly at times I just wanted sex not two hours of will-I won't-I.
 
Three weeks later one Saturday evening a colossal black man appeared at our door and Jack let him in then turned me over to the man (I was dressed for sex in one of my short dresses and stockings) telling him with a big grin I would slut for him all night! He was not just black but the biggest man I'd ever seem and by that I mean huge, fat huge.

The man was called Moses and I'm ashamed to say his fat cock gave me climaxes like never before. Like I said he was enormous; fat and also over six five but despite his obesity I enjoyed lying with him as his massive frame covered me. It's hard to explain but his huge body had a strange effect on me pushing me to climaxes faster than anyone else. His sweat; the abundance and smell, simply fueled my perverse desire for him and what might have been an unpleasant experience was actually very powerful. Jack still laughed at me the next morning, after the guy left, as I lay exhausted in our bed saturated in our combined sweat, telling me I looked like I'd been under the shower.

When Moses appeared the next Friday I was completely baffled there had been no mention of it and besides we'd already agreed never to see a man more than once to avoid complications. Yet here he was asking if I would spend the night with him at his place! I asked Jack if he really, really wanted me to go but he just shrugged which I found totally confusing although he wouldn't have let Moses ask if he didn't want me to do this. I didn't, so I waited for an explanation.

Christ this was weird! I gave Jack a cold stare, it was ridiculous, since the sex was all about a shared experience; the stranger first then prolonged and powerful sex with Jack after. I looked at my husband but he simply stood silently not making any sign he even cared about my feelings regarding being with this stranger for a second time. 
I waited and waited then when nothing came I got angry: "Fine!" I announced, taking Moses by the arm. "Then take me home!" I gave Jack one last chance but he didn't move so we left. Fuck! He was going to let this happen!

I was nervous as hell and unhappy but sex with Moses was deep and intense so when he made love with me, for an hour, I just went with it. I can't pretend I didn't enjoy it a lot and worse the next morning when he was more dominant I let myself go: He took me on all fours (a first for me) holding my hair and getting me to tell him how much I liked being used like an animal then later lying stomach down over his kitchen island telling him how good it was being his little slut. Whorish, nasty sex which was new for me but I enjoyed it more than I would have ever believed.

I finally returned to Jack after lunch completely stretched by Moses and a little sore. The stupid part of this is that Jack was really sulky when I came home especially when Moses gave me a kiss goodbye. Then when he had sex with me and found me looser than before he got really angry and suddenly shouted at me called me a tramp and a whore. I was really, really upset and burst into tears pointing out that I'd been with other men before for him so why was this different but he yelled at me stating that he knew the truth and I was nothing but a black cock whore!

Where had this come from? I shouted back that he'd contacted the guy in the first place and encouraged me to sleep with him but Jack shook his head and spat back that he'd only agreed to Moses asking me out on Friday because the guy had taunted him!

"What the hell do you mean?" I asked still sobbing. Jack gave me a cold look then in a clipped tone stated that Moses had called him on Friday evening just before I got home from work and asked if his wife (me) had suggested another meeting. When Jack explained he'd told the man no, Moses laughed and called him a liar because after last weekend he said he knew I was black cock obsessed and would beg for more. Jack added that he told Moses angrily that was simply bull-shit but Moses had goaded him telling him to put his money where his mouth was; stating that there was no doubt given the chance I'd willing fuck him (Moses) again.

Jack told me that he'd assured Moses that was delusional crap so the guy then bragged that it was true and that a wager would prove it; Moses told him he had a grand to offer Jack if he lost against my pussy if he won. He then added that he'd jump in the car now and come over and present me with the chance to screw him again.

Jack added that Moses suggested that if I said yes then Jack had to allow me to go with him. Jack had replied that there was no chance of me agreeing. Moses had responded; that in which case there wasn't a problem with Jack agreeing to the bet then! They'd argued about this but Jack admitted Moses was so cocky about it in the end he got angry and agreed. Moses then got my husband to concede that if Jack was in the slightest bit negative then he'd have lost the bet anyway and if I didn't then go with Moses he'd owe a grand to Moses.

My husband then added that Moses went quiet and pointed out that he was risking a grand and all he (Jack) had to lose was me for another night which given we'd already been together wasn't really fair, so it would only be right to allow him to maybe see me a couple of Fridays if he won the bet. Jack added they'd had another argument so Moses again pointed out that Jack was just chicken and knew I really wanted to be with him (Moses). That was enough Jack said, so in the end he agreed to it all.

 "But that was stupid!" I yelled. "Firstly all you needed to do was tell me and I'd have told him to get stuffed!"

I was furious as he basically bet my body for a thousand pounds. "Anyway what's all this about Fridays? Are you mad? Do you really want him fucking me every week? And what does a couple mean?" I yelled: "Once, twice or fucking six?!!"

"You obviously enjoyed it though!" He sneered. "I didn't think for one second I needed to tell you! But you jumped at the chance to let that fat slob fuck you! He's right isn't he? You love fucking him! Admit it you loved it didn't you!"

I looked at him coldly. "You set this up and I went along with it for you, just for you. Sure it was fun and I enjoyed the sex but it was always for you. I didn't want to sleep with that guy but you insisted and when he turned out to be not as bad as I feared I was relieved but that was all. Then he suddenly turns up again against all we'd agreed and asks me over and it was clear you knew he was going to ask me, so what was I to think? Well?" I pressed. "Like before, I assumed you wanted me to say yes, why set it up otherwise? So after getting not a single hint from you I very reluctantly did." Jack shook his head but fell silent suddenly realising it was true.

"So what you're saying is that Fucking Moses is expecting to visit me again this Friday?" Jack was still silent. "Oh, fuck you Jack! What were you playing at?" I stated angrily.

Jack looked embarrassed. "Well I didn't think he would win ..."

"That's fucking ridiculous!" I was now furious. "Jack I'm trying to get this clear in my head. Did you really want to win the bet or was it something you actually wanted to lose? I mean if you'd told me..."

"No! Of course I didn't want to lose! I just misunderstood how it would go down."

"How exactly?"

"I didn't think it through! I thought he'd turn up and you'd tell him to go to hell. But I hadn't thought about you looking to me to tell you what to do which I'd agreed with Moses not to."

"You arse!" I was crying again now. "I certainly don't want to see him again!" I paused. "You didn't give him any money did you?"

"No!"

"Good because he can go to Hell. And you can for that matter!"

I made Jack sleep in the spare room that night but come Sunday I'd relented as I felt a little guilty about my sexual tryst Friday into Saturday which was a lot nastier than I'd care to admit to my husband. There was something amiss Wednesday evening which Jack avoided discussing over dinner but that night when we were in bed he mentioned Moses coming over again and I told him that it wasn't going to happen. That was when he became quiet again and I knew something was up.

"Tell me Jack! If it's another bet you can both go fuck yourselves, I'm not doing it!"

"No we haven't bet." He replied defensively.

"There is a `but', I can tell!"

It's just that Moses is being very insistent."

"Insistent! He can insist all he likes I don't care..." The look on Jack's face stopped me. "What's up? Come on Jack something's wrong!"

"Moses has copies of your videos."

I was speechless for ages then asked in a horse whisper; "You gave them to him?"

"When I got in touch with him on the internet he asked for pictures only after a few emails it seemed ok to send him copies."

 "Even the one of me alone?" God I hoped not.

"Yes."

"Oh Jack!"

After my third extra-marital encounter Jack and I fooled around one evening and I dressed in some sexy clothes then sat in front room while Jack videoed me. It was a very, very erotic and nasty shoot. I sat facing the camera as I talked about the three men I'd been with and how much of a whore I'd become. I was very excited so really got carried away: I played with myself on camera and I even made up stories of me with different men; fantasy about a public sex act and even a gangbang! That was the evening I'd talked about having nasty sex with a really big fat black man. This was of course just my lust emerging before I came very noisily off screen.

"Oh my God Jack! I'm so clearly recognisable in it and... and I was so..."

"...explicit..."

"But I said those awful, ridiculous things about myself and... and... Oh my God! He's threatening blackmail?"

"Well... I guess."

"Oh my God! Jack! I was just so awful in that video. I identified myself completely and said the most dreadful, dreadful things!"

"I'm sorry I really am. I didn't think he would be such a bastard!" I said nothing just went off to be alone crying.

That Friday Moses appeared uninvited and asked if Jack had let me know what the deal was. I rounded on him and said yes, blackmail! Moses laughed and replied that I was a slut at heart then asked in a whisper if I'd told Jack what we'd got up to the previous Saturday. When I kept silent he grinned. I knew I could deny it if he told Jack what we'd done but I don't lie and if I did Jack would know in an instant. So Moses took my arm then and with a little wave to Jack headed to the bedroom. I wasn't going to argue with him I felt he had all the power.

That first Friday was quite unpleasant because it was a little like a rape; I was doing it because I had to not because I wanted to. It was strange because the sex the week before had been powerful (if a little scary because I'd got carried away) whereas this was cold and passionless. I guess he knew he could take advantage of me whenever he wanted and reinforced this by sending an email to both of us with a clip of me talking about sex with a stranger (it was a fictional event I made up) which painted me as a really cheap whore and at the bottom he'd added the general email addresses of both Jack and my offices. The implication was clear even if he never said it in the email.

So he returned the next week and we had sex again I responded to him a little that week (his cock was after all big and the sex lasted an hour) which upset me but I kept this from Moses as best I could. After that night I pleaded with him saying that it couldn't be that much fun having sex with someone who was largely passive. He shrugged but I could tell it wasn't as much fun as he'd hoped so he finally agreed to end this but would want something first. I thought it would probably be another night at his place like the wild one which actually I thought I could do (and would enjoy).

A few days later however he sat us down and told us that what he wanted was for me to go on holiday with him, willingly and as he put it enthusiastically. Since I was absolutely desperately to end this I agreed even though Jack was reluctant. To be honest I could have toughed it out with Moses but I could tell that firstly he was likely to keep visiting for weeks and secondly there was the danger that I might get me off a lot more than the previous Friday which he would have taken as the green light to keep the whole affair going for months. He booked a short-notice holiday away just two weeks ahead and after I confirmed I could get the time from work we were set. Despite this he still turned up the next Friday for sex, which he got and this time I was quite passionate with him telling him it was his reward for agreeing to end this.

The holiday was of course one long sex session: We went to Greece and we were in bed almost all the times so I barely got to go out at all. I have to admit that once there I decided to let myself enjoy it and we had some really great sex. I even had to do some late sun-worship so I didn't return to work pale (work knew Jack was not going so would have been more than a little suspicious!).

I flew home unwashed with my body sticky with Moses semen; his present to Jack, as I'd joined the mile-high club. I also wore very little; just a sundress and sandals. Once home he stripped me in front of Jack showing him my recently used body. Jack just stared as Moses gave me a final kiss goodbye (deep and fully reciprocated) then left me still naked in front of my husband.

Jack was very, very contrite fearing the worst but I kissed him also, then told him he'd better make love to me or else! He did and despite being loose and a little messy it was actually great fun and we both got off on it. The next day Jack said how truly sorry he was, then insisted I give him all the nasty details which I did. I enjoyed this and left nothing out: I played with him as I told him how, from the Monday to Wednesday night, thanks in part to Viagra Moses had screwed me upwards of a dozen times in all positions including on the balcony in sight of several other guests. Jack also got very excited about our sex on the plane (which I have to admit was one of the best experiences of my life) and he came over my hand for about the third time that night.

However it had been a very disturbing reality since meeting Moses and it had to change so I refused point blank to dress up for him like that again and he agreed we would try to have a more normal marriage. I saw Moses just once after the holiday. When he came over and gave me a flash drive containing the videos Jack sent him (he promised me these were the only copies he had) plus lots of shots of me naked on holiday including around a dozen taken in the bathroom mirror as he took me from behind. It was weird standing talking to a guy I'd had sex with thirty times or more over a seven day stretch as if we were just polite friends and in the end I succumbed and took him to bed for an hour.

I felt very guilty about that and was determined to never repeat it so cut off all contact with him. Jack is relieved about this because he realises just how whorish I became with Moses. I also avoid dressing in any of my sexy clothes because we both know where a short dress will lead me...

