
 
My wife Manjeet 

Jeevan < jeevan80@yahoo.com> 

Manjeet and I were married when Manjeet was 18 and I was 24. Being successful in business didn't allow me sexual encounters before I met Manjeet and she was a virgin when we were married. Manjeet is 5'2" and 50 kg. with a perfect 36C breasts and solid hips and beautiful brown hair that ran upto her plump ass.. I am 5' 6" 62 kg and fairly slim. Our friends call us the "beautiful couple" although most of our male friends say that as they drool looking at my pretty wife. After 8 years with my wife only one problem seems to spoil our relationship. I am not overly well endowed, as I have just a five-inch lund. Manjeet says this is enough, as she is quite small and tight. Our problem is that I experience pre-mature ejaculation too. Manjeet 's choot is lightly covered with fine choot hair and is really very small and tight, compounded with me being quick triggered, I come in about 3 to 5 strokes during our lovemaking, leaving Manjeet very frustrated. I do get Manjeet off with my fingers and tongue usually, but she still gets frustrated which leads to some heated arguments. I have read many stories and articles for quite some Narayane and have been interested in articles about men watching and sharing their wives with another man. 
But, until a year ago had never mentioned a thing to my wife. One night we had made love (I came in just 5 strokes!) and Manjeet wanted more, and she fought with me for leaving her like this, high and dry. 
I said, "All you care about is a big hard lund", at which she said, " Yes why I should not. All I want is a nice orgasm and satisfaction from your 5-inch lund. But you cant even fuck me with it!" 
I told her, "If youre so interested in fucking why haven't you gone out and found some one who can fuck your brains out?" 
Then later when everything had calmed down, Manjeet told me that she was sorry and would never say that again. She would never let another man touch her, let alone fuck her. I assured her that our marriage was intact and that if she really needs a nice fucking I would think about that seriously and make some arrangement so that she can have all the sex she needs. I told her "I love you" and she blushed thinking about what I had said and replied "I just wish you would let me suck you more often. You know how hot that makes me. But how can you allow me to fuck outside our marriage?" I said that I have to think of something about it and I shall let her know soon. She seemed to be excited and sucked my lund immediately till I shot my load in her mouth. I felt that I was getting excited with the thought of Manjeet getting some big hard lund. 
Our discussion was dropped and it wasn't brought up again for about another 3 weeks until I saw Manjeet masturbating in the bathroom. I didn't let her know what I saw and I waited until that night. I brought the subject up after the dinner and Manjeet agreed that I could arrange somebody for her to fuck. But she told me that this should not spoil their marriage and social status. I agreed! The topic was again left unattended due to my busy shedule but I saw that I have to do something about it one Sunday afternoon. 

This particular Saturday afternoon we had our lunch and I was taking a nap while Manjeet was sitting in the Balcony reading news paper. Then I saw that she was not reading at all! Her eyes were roaming about the neighbourhood and then settled to one balcony opposite us. 
I saw Manjeet eyeing one of our neighbors sitting in his Balcony and I figured that this would be the day. I asked Manjeet what she was looking at. She said nothing but when I poked her more she told me that it was their neighbor who eyed her constantly for a long Narayane. I asked Manjeet if she was ready and would like to try him for a nice fuck. Manjeet agreed and got the phone number of the neighbor to call him up. His name was Narayan and he was about 40 yr old. He had nice athletic body and I found him pleasing. I called him up and said that it would be nice of him if he could drop in to our house and I have a surprise for him. He was surprised but agreed to come in half an hour. Manjeet went in and prepared herself. 

She was dressed to kill with a tight salwar and kamiz with no dupatta her big breasts were looking prominent over the tight dress and she had put on RED lipstick and looked seductive. I almost came in my pants when I saw that she was braless, her beautiful tits jiggled and her nipples were starting to show through the thin material. She looked at me and smiled. I told her she was knockout and Narayan will be seduced easily. 
Narayan came after about  an hour and we introduced ourselves and he introduced himself.. I asked Manjeet to prepare coffee for the guest. We chatted for someNarayane and I let her know that he looked at Manjeet very often. He said that she was a attractive lady and looked beautiful. I asked him if he would love to have her. He was surprised and stunned! He lookeda t me for a long Narayane and said that its his pleasure. I told him not to tell anything to Manjeet and let her seduce him. He agreed. 
Manjeet brought the tray and walked towards us. As she walked close to him he could smell her musky female odor. She saw the bulge in his pants. He's getting hard, she thought. She gave him the coffee and as she bent down to give it to him knowing that he'd have a lovely view of her breasts. "Thank you," he said smiling and looking at her breasts. She smiled at him and sat down beside him on the other side. We continued to sip coffee and talk. Manjeet was silent but looked all flushed with anticipation. She was looking at me and I winked at her. She moved closer to Narayan and started to talk to him asking him about his family and wife. He said that his wife was not as beautiful as Manjeet and at present was living away from him for some disputes. It made everything clear and Manjeet said we were sorry for that. I asked him to go ahead and got up to go to other room, at least to pretend. I walked away and stood in our kitchen and watched. 
Narayan put the coffee down on the floor and pulled Manjeet towards him -- his hands grasping her ass cheeks under the tight salwar. He kissed her lips..kissed her neck..kissed her ears. He lifted the kamiz and slowly touched her breasts then he eagerly pushed his other hand in her salwar and probed for her choot. He moved down to kiss her breasts. Pulled off her kamiz and let it fall off to the floor.he Moved his face further down passed her stomach to belly. He then found the nada of her salwar and opened it, pushing the salwar down and exposing her choot. 
"Oh," she whispered, spreading her legs so he could see more. My wife still had her salwar on but it was pushed below her waist and her tits were bouncing , her soft tit flesh jiggling. Manjeet boldly caught Narayans lund over his pants and squeezed it. He moaned and pushed his lund up to have better contact. She let go og his lund and stood up, removing her salwar and getting naked. Her choot was just near to narayans face and he pushed his mouth on the wet choot and started to lick her. Her hips rotated and she thrust her cunt on his face, rubbing it along his mouth. Narayan was now pushing his hands above to catch my wifes beautiful breasts and started to massage them as he continued to eat her. 
"Oh, that feels so good in my hands!" Manjeet said as she reached for the front of his pants. She unbuttoned them, pulled them down and started slowly pulling his lund up and down. His lund was good 8 inches long and 3 inches thick. He stopped sucking her choot and concentrated on the blowjob. My wife moved her tongue to slide it over the gleaming head of his lund. She pursed her lips and slid them down over the tip, sliding slowly down the length of his shaft and jerking the exposed portion with her other hand. Again and again she slid down, feeding the warm flesh into her mouth and lips, wetting it with her saliva. Manjeet knew how to prolong a blowjob for dozens of minutes if she wanted to, but this Narayane she was going for speed, not delay. Narayan continued to knead her breasts and pinch the nipples, making the rigid tips stand out proudly. 


Manjeet sucked on his lund a few Narayanes, and took it out of her mouth when she felt he was coming and asked him to spray his come on her face and tits. Narayan came and watched fascinated as the tiny piss hole of his lund open and a long thin stream of sperm shot out, splashing on Manjeets face and tits. Again he pulled on the shaft, and another large bolt, even larger than the first, flew out to land on her breasts. I could hear Manjeet moan with delight as the third jet followed the first two, landing on her eyes. A fourth and fifth stream shot out, spraying over her face and neck. Narayan grunted with the effort of unloading his balls for my wife and lay back on the couch exhausted. A thin strand of cum was hooked over the sides of Manjeets mouth and she moved her tongue to lick it off. I was too hot to hold my own come and my lund exploded for second Narayane and come splashed in my palms. I went to the duo and sat next to Narayan and asked Manjeet to clean my hand. Manjeet greedily licked my palm and fingers, moving her tongue slowly, tasting my come. Then she caught the softening lund and licked it clean. She then sat on Narayans lap with her hands around him. 
Manjeet thanked me for the favour and kissed me. It was a nice kiss and it expressed her gratitude towards me and I felt happy. Now her cunt had to receive a big hard lund and that would really satisfy her. I caught the soft lund in my hands and offered it to my wife asking her to suck it to hardness. She took it in her mouth and chewed it moving it inside the oral cavity with her tongue. She then sat on the floor and pushed her breasts over the lund and rolled his lund in the soft flesh for someNarayane. She wanted it to get hard soon and so she decided to suck him in her throat. Soon the lund got hard and throbbed inside my wifes mouth. Narayana wanted to fuck my wife badly so he said, Hey Manjeet! Get up on your hands and knees so I can enter you from behind and play with your lovely breasts at the same Narayane. 
Manjeet slowly turned over and got up on her hands and knees on the divan. Narayan placed his hand high on her shoulders to lower her head and elevate her Gaand. Taking a position behind Manjeet, Narayan watched the loveliest view of Manjeet's full buttocks and open choot. He spread her cheeks with his hands and began tasting her sweet honey pot choot. 
Manjeet groaned, "Oh, suck my choot, Narayan. Stick you tongue deep inside of 
me." Narayan obeyed her orders as he stiffened his tongue and rubbed it hard against her clit. I watched my wife getting sucked and licked by other man. Shivering, Manjeet whispered, "Fuck me with your hard tongue, Narayan. Drive it deep into my choot. Fuckkkkkkkkk me!" Manjeet had begun to experience her first climax as Narayan continued to pay homage to her burning love hole. She pushed back against his wet mouth and reached under herself to pinch and roll her nipples. "I need your lund, Narayan. Stick that big, hard lund into me. 
Narayan didn't need much encouragement. Taking his long, thick pole in his trembling hand, Narayan placed the enlarged head against the swollen lips of her 
pulsating choot. Immediately, Manjeet began to press backward to allpw his cock to enter her choot really deep. Narayan filled his hands with her shuddering buttocks to control her rearward travel. His eyes were treated to the lovely texture of her ass. His hands were blessed with the spongy feel of her writhing globes. Slowly his lund entered Manjeet's wet and dripping choot inch at a time. He heard her begin to cry ever so quietly. "Are 
you OK, Manjeet?" concern filled his voice. 
"I haven't been this OK in a long Narayane, Narayan. Fuck your big lund up into my hungry choot. My hubby cannot do that. He is having small boy like lund. Fuck me hard! Fuck me deep! Fuck me like you've never fucked anyone before. Squeeze my ass cheeks. Feel the weight of my tits and pinch my nipples. Ohhhhhh Fuck me! Ohhh your cock is so big! I love it when my husband watches me getting It." she continued her talks, series of wild statements and frantic demands. 

"I do want my lund in you, Manjeet. I need it bad. Your tits turn me on more than I can say. The way you're talking to me drives me wild. I can't hold on much longer. Ohh take my lund in your choot! Come on push my lund in your wifes choot " Narayan said looking at me. I took hold of Narayans lund and pushed it to the hilt in my wifes choot. Ohhh what a feeling! I was helping her get other mans lund and pushing it inside her choot too. Suddenly Manjeet pushed her ass back, swallowing his big cock in her small choot. I watched as my wifes choot stretched with 8-inch long lund and she was really loving every inch of it. She was wriggling her ass to make room for the big lund she had taken for the first time in her choot. Holding her by her breasts, Narayan drove his lund up into her swollen, glistening hole. Her heavy breasts dangled as they fucked in slow rhythm.Manjeet continued to urge him to fuck her, "fuck my hole, Narayan. Squirt your thick come into my choot. Kiss me! Kiss me." 
Narayans hands began to squeeze her wiggling buttocks. he found that it too was drenched with her juice. His fingers slid over her slippery anal button and dipped into the rear of her gaping, hairy hole. He felt his own rigid penis splitting the grasping lips of her choot. He drove harder and deeper as his hands continued their assault on her smooth, slippery buttocks. 
She whispered the language of lust urging him to fuck her hard. "Fuck my choot! Drive your lund into my abdomen. Squeeze my buttocks and feel my heavy titties with your hands. You are doing it sooo good!" Suddenly he could feel that he was about to come and fill his fluid into Manjeet's sucking hole. He drove it hard and deep one last and Narayane froze as he squirted his hot thick come into the tight choot of my wife. Manjeet 
wriggled her ass fast sensing the constrictions of his lund and sucked in the come. Her fingers dug deep into his flexing buttocks as her eyes turned to me. She looked at me with satisfaction and let go her intense orgasm. Her entire body went rigid and she collapsed face down on the couch taking Narayan over her. 
Narayan let out a loud moan and ejculated his come deep in my wifes choot and lay on her back catching his breath. I saw come dripping from my wifes choot onto her thighs and the couch. I slipped my fingers in the love mix and smeared them on my wifes face, lettting it dry there. I now had to do something about my own lund that was now hard. I pushed Narayan aside and huriedly burried my lund in the come filled pussy of my wife. I felt her choot overflowing with juices, hers and Narayans. my lund slid in easily being small and I fucked my wife fast. I could not last any longer and deposited my come in my wifes come filled choot. 
Narayan was watching me fucking my wife and he smiled at me and thanked me for allowing to fuck my wife. Manjeet rested for a few minutes and then looking at me said, I would have never believed that you would allow somebody else to fuck me. But you have proved that you love me and want me to be satisfied. Thanks my good neighbour! You were eying me for a long time and now you got me. 

"It has been like a dream. Manjeet, I don't think that I have ever been that turned on. I have often thought of making love to you. I would look at you move in your flat but I was afraid to go any further. Thanks to your hubby and I appreciate his boldness and understanding. Really you are a lucky wife! Narayan said. 
I was happy man! There after we had many more sessions together and we even fucked Manjeet together, he in her choot and me in her ass! 
SO dont be frustrated if you have a small cock. Let your wife taste the sweetness of big hard cock. BUT you should have perfect understand for that! Thats important! 
YES the couple is in Pune and I am Narayan. Want to meet them and me? Contact with your phone No.(Must) at jeevan80@yahoo.com Time wasters please excuse! 
 

