Draco had never noticed how many different types of fungus grew on a dungeon's ceiling before, even in the Slytherin Prefects' small common area. He had counted at least six variations of mold spore and it was in the minority among the different kinds of odd algae-looking green fuzz covering most of the ceiling. He had been staring at the ceiling so long the clumps of mold seemed to be moving by the time he finally sighed and turned over to lay on his stomach. He crossed his arms to rest his chin on them as he continued to fantasize about the cute Weasley twin, Frederick.

"I'm such a girl ," Draco chided himself suddenly, staring at the far wall. "It's not like Freddie would ever be interested in me. I mean, I'm just a skinny fifteen-year-old and he's seventeen."

Harry stopped revising his Transfiguration notes and turned the swivel chair he was sitting in, folding his arms across his chest as he looked at Draco. He spent a few moments watching him, wondering if Draco even remembered he was there, but eventually decided it was likely he didn't. Draco had been zoning out at the oddest times recently, and Harry had gotten used to glancing up and finding Draco staring off into space. He was becoming adept at making up excuses for the behavior when they were in class, much to the amusement of most of their professors.

"What does how old you are have to do with it?" Harry asked finally, bemused. "I'm the same age as you, and George likes me well enough."

Draco turned to stare at his brother, looking rather like a sad taffy spaniel puppy with big silver-blue eyes. "Yeah but you're not dating George, you're just friends with benefits. I want to actually date Freddie, maybe even get married to him. Have his babies and name them Fred, Fredina, and Efredia."

Harry smirked suddenly and let the 'friends with benefits' comment pass, his green eyes dancing with amusement. "You're so gone on him that you want to curse a baby with the name Efredia?"

"Efredia is a perfectly acceptable name!" Draco replied haughtily, looking quite indignant. "And I'm not gone on him, I just I think he's really cute and has nice hands and lips."

Harry grinned, his green eyes still sparkling with barely-restrained mirth. "He's got nice everything Dray, I promise. George says they're very nearly identical, and his hands and lips are the least of his charms." Harry paused a beat, smirking as he added, "And Efredia is a terrible name. What would you call her for short, Effie?"

"No, Fredie of course. Duh, Harry, and you're supposed to be the smart one." Shaking his head, Draco stopped for a moment and then the rest of what Harry had said finally sank in and he whipped around to look at his brother. "And when you said identical, do you mean...?" Draco trailed off as he turned beet red and pointed helplessly toward his crotch.

Harry smirked, shifting to fold his hands behind his head and lean back in the chair. "Georgie's hinted as much, but I've not seen for myself." Harry paused a second, his expression growing even more wicked, and then added, "Yet."

"Yet? You mean you haven't seen George naked yet? How is that possible?" Tilting his head to the side, Draco looked at Harry bewildered.

Harry laughed, shaking his head. "No Dray, I haven't seen Freddie naked yet. If I had, I'd know if they were identical or not, since I'm rather familiar with George's body." Harry smirked again, adding, "I do know they've both got the same birthmark on their left shoulder blade though."

"You mean the little snitch?" Smiling fondly, Draco traced the pattern into the dusty dungeon floor. "It's kind of cute."

Harry stood up abruptly, grinning as he walked over to sit down in the floor next to Draco and then pulled one knee up to his chest. "It's quite a bit more fun to play with than a real snitch, though. George is ticklish around his. If you nibble on it, the way he wriggles around is quite ... nice."

Draco looked down, blushing crimson. "You're talking about sex, right? You've had real sex with George."

Harry shook his head, resisting the urge to tease Draco about being a prude. "No, but we've done just about everything else." He looked down at his knee as his grin faded away, getting a wistful look on his face. "I told George I wanted my first time to be with someone who was in love with me, but he hasn't made any move to try it."

Draco reached out and wrapped his arms around Harry's ankles, kissing his knee affectionately before he whispered, "He'd be a fool not to love you. You're just too loveable for words, Harry."

Harry smiled at Draco, reaching out to brush a bit of dust out of his pale hair. "Thanks, Dray. I hope you're right." He grabbed some of Draco's hair and gave it a little tug, adding, "Freddie'd have to be crazy not to want you, y'know." He grinned suddenly. "You looked positively edible last weekend in your black jeans and that dark blue silk shirt you pinched from Dad. I caught Freddie with his eye on you quite a few times."

Blushing bright red from the tips of his ears to the collar of his shirt, Draco buried his face against Harry's legs. "I may have looked good, but Dad was so not pleased that I borrowed that shirt. Did you know Mom gave it to him for his birthday? I swear I got my arse reamed out without any of the benefits."

Draco continued blushing at the thought of Fred checking him out and Harry tried not to laugh, ruffling Draco's hair. "It's not like you ruined it or anything, you just wore it. Dad's probably forgotten all about it already, you know he'll forgive you anything." Harry smirked suddenly, leaning down a bit closer to Draco as he added, "And I know where to find the little Muggle shop Mom got it from, so we can get one for you as soon as term's over and we're allowed to go to London."

Looking up at Harry with his silver-bright eyes blazing with adoration, Draco squealed like a little girl and launched himself at his brother. He knocked Harry backwards to sprawl on the floor as his arms wrapped tightly around Harry's lithe body, which was very similar to his own other than the fact Harry was a bit shorter and an inch or two wider across the shoulders. Draco pressed kisses to Harry's cheeks repeatedly, and Harry just laughed and let him until Draco exhausted himself and settled down to lay across Harry's body, his head tucked under Harry's chin.

Harry held Draco loosely, still chuckling a bit as he murmured, "I'll take that to mean you'd like one or two." He hid a grin against Draco's hair, rubbing Draco's back. "Dad might even let us take the Mustang. Papa hinted that we'll get driving privileges if we do well on our O.W.L.s."

"That would be bloody brilliant, being able to drive the Mustang over the summer hols. Varoom varoom!" Draco made soft car noises into Harry's chest.

Harry laughed softly against Draco's hair. "You sound like Ron, he's obsessed with cars. Fred and George are trying to get their father to let them rebuild that old heap Ron and Ginny lost in the woods, and Ronnie's determined to make sure they get it so he can get driving privileges, too."

Smiling slightly into Harry's chest, Draco squeezed him tightly in affection. "Cars are wicked."

Harry squeezed back, grinning. "Yeah, they are..." He trailed off and was silent a moment, looking up at the ceiling then added suddenly, "You've got to stop being bashful and make a move on Freddie so we can double date this summer. Mum'll never let either of us take the car on a date alone, but if we went together she might go for it, especially with the twins. She really likes Mrs. Weasley."

"But Harry, what would we talk about? I mean, he already knows all about us and our family and we pretty much know the same about the Weasleys..." Draco rubbed his cheek against Harry's chest and then finished quietly, "And I'm not experienced Harry, not like you. What would we do while you and George are snogging? Talk about the Chudley Cannons? I'd feel like a complete tool."

Harry rubbed Draco's back, trying to reassure him. "George and I wouldn't put you on the spot like that Dray, I promise." He paused a moment, thinking, and then added, "Surely you can think of something you'd like to talk to Fred about. Well, unless you just want to let Freddie snog you silly, which I have no doubt he'd enjoy as much as you would." He grinned suddenly. "As I said, you've been known to look quite edible."

"What if I freeze, Harry? I really like Freddie, he's just so wonderful. I don't want to mess up and lose him because I don't know anything."

Harry kept stroking Draco's back as he said soothingly, "Dray, he's still the same Freddie we've known since we were nine, he hasn't changed just because you realized how hot his arse looks in tight jeans." He smiled and rested his nose against the top of Draco's head as he murmured into his hair, "And if you tell him how you feel, you might find that he feels the same way, and then you'd have no reason left to worry."

Sighing softly and pressing his mouth against Harry's breastbone, Draco sank into silence instead of replying, letting himself be wrapped up in Harry's affection. He was still more than a little leery of letting Fred know about his feelings, but Harry didn't seem to give much credence to his fears. He decided not to bother his brother about it any more and worried in silence.

~*~*~*~*~

A freckled fist moved methodically over a nicely thick cock, palms roughened with Quidditch calluses scraping lightly up and down the velvety length and adding just enough friction. Long muscular legs stretched over the bed, one crooked at the knee, the other splayed to the side as thick fingers scratched through deep red pubic hair that curled in little ringlets over the tips. After a few moments of deep breathing and slight rustling noises, cupid bow lips parted and a sex-deepened groan issued forward, making the boy across the room roll his eyes.

"George, you know I love you, but do you have to wank right at this moment?"

"My cock is hard, therefore I am."

Fred snickered at that despite his best intentions, turning around in his chair to look towards the bed. "You should have gone looking for Harry, he'd be glad to help you with that."

George turned his head and smirked wickedly at his twin. "I'm sure he would've, but today I'm spending quality time with you, Freddie."

Fred smirked, propping his elbow on the back of his chair and resting his chin in his hand as he let his gaze roam over his twin's naked body. "What makes you so sure I'll just drop everything and participate?"

"Because you're horny, you haven't even been able to get close to Draco yet, and oh, did I mention that you're horny?" George beamed at his brother innocently despite the fact he was still lazily stroking his cock.

Fred groaned, standing up and then sitting down again astride his chair, facing the bed as he folded his arms over the back. "You just had to bring up his loveliness, didn't you?" Fred put his chin on his folded arms as he watched his twin, his gaze lingering on George's cock as he added, "You do look delicious, though..."

Smirking slightly and wiggling his hips, George lifted his free hand and crooked a finger at Fred, beckoning him over. "Come on, Freddie, come tell your favorite brother Georgie all about it. And while you're at it, get naked so I don't feel so freakish."

Fred snorted, smiling. "If I come over there and get naked, neither one of us will want to talk for long and you know it as well as I do."

George pouted at that, sticking his lower lip out at Fred for a moment before he said, "I solemnly swear that we'll talk about Draco and how you can get him, then we'll do a little lick and nip."

"Thanks, Georgie." Fred stood up and reached for the collar of his uniform shirt to begin unbuttoning it as he walked towards the bed. "I've been considering cornering Harry to ask him, but I haven't had the guts to do it yet." Fred's expression grew a bit wistful as he finished unbuttoning his shirt and shrugged out of it. "I realized I didn't want to know if Dray's really not interested."

George gazed up into his brother's eyes and looked contemplative as he shifted over on the bed and then got comfortable again, tucking one hand behind his head while the other drifted idly over his belly and up towards his chest. "He'd be a fool not to want you, Freddie, I mean look at you. You're absolutely gorgeous, and hung like a centaur to boot."

Fred snorted and reached for the button of his trousers to start taking them off. "You can stop praising yourself any time you like, Georgie."

"Hey!" George exclaimed, half sitting up. "I'm not! I just know that my brother is extremely handsome and hell, I'd shag him, so why wouldn't Dray?"

Fred shoved his trousers and briefs down, shrugging unobtrusively as he did so. "Why don't you ask him that? I'd really like to know one way or the other instead of just watching him and hoping." He kicked the clothes aside and climbed onto the bed, sitting cross-legged next to George as he added, "I don't have the patience for the whole hope and pray thing, especially when we'll be graduating soon and then we'll hardly ever see them."

Poking Fred in the ribs, George gave his twin an annoyed look. "You're too shy, but if you're a wanker and don't mind me getting both of the Malfoy-Snape boys to myself, I'll ask him for you. But, I seriously suggest you get off your arse and use your bollocks and your brains to take what you want, and you want Draco."

Fred made a face at George. "It's not that I'm shy, dimwit, it's that I don't want to scare him. You remember how that bastard Blaise chased him about don't you, treating Dray like a piece of meat and then breaking Dray's heart? He's been different since then. He acts like he just wants to get away when someone flirts with him. I don't want to make him run from me, too. At least we're good friends now, and that's more than I'll have if I put the moves on him and scare him."

"Blaise is an idiot, he let go of a choice piece of arse. And for what? Pansy Parkinson. Fucking idiot." George huffed and laid back against the bed again, beginning to think of ways to torture Blaise without getting caught.

Fred swatted George's thigh hard enough to leave a faint hand print, making George give him an indignant look again. "Draco is not a piece of tail and I'll thank you to remember that." Fred gave George a pointedly annoyed look and then added, "And I know Blaise is an idiot, and you know he's an idiot, but he still put a bluff in on Dray. I've been scared to do more than look at Draco ever since he practically fell all over himself getting away from Neville. Everyone knows Nevy wouldn't hurt a fly, but Dray still acted like he was afraid to even talk to him."

"Freddie, Neville may be a softy but he was also stuttering so badly that Dray probably thought that he was having a conniption fit when he tried to ask Draco to go out with him. It's different with you and him though, you two are close."

Fred sighed, looking down as he shifted to lay sprawled on his side next to George with one thigh draped casually across George's knee. "I know..." Fred trailed off and then began playing with the hair on George's thigh. "We're friends, good friends, and I don't want to scare him and lose that. I don't think I could stand it, he means a lot to me."

Running his fingers through Fred's hair, George sighed softly. "But Freddie, you'll never know if you could be more if you don't ask him. You know if I ask Dray he'll think I'm joking, or maybe even angling for a threesome."

Fred looked up at his twin. "Maybe, yeah, but you could ask Harry. He's got to know, and you know he wouldn't tell you to encourage me if Dray's not interested." Fred swallowed hard and then added more quietly, "And then if Dray's not interested I won't have to mess up our friendship to find out, and Dray'll never have to find out I want to kiss him until we both forget our names."

"Oi Freddie, do you really want me to do this? Come on bro, seriously?"

Fred bit his lip, looking at George a moment before he asked, "What would you do? If it was Harry who was so gunshy I mean?"

"I'd go to him as a friend and ask him to take a walk with me around the lake." George carded his fingers through Fred's hair as he continued slowly, "Then I'd take his hand, and if he didn't pull away then it's a good chance he'd be mine."

Fred's expression turned wistful as he smiled just a bit and looked down at George's leg again, running his fingers through the soft ginger hair there. "That'd be nice, a long walk with just the two of us..." He trailed off and then his smile faded away again as he looked up and asked, "What if he doesn't want to go?"

George chuckled softly and tugged gently on Fred's hair. "Then you see if he's hungry and ask him to go to the kitchens with you. You know Dobby would feed you two up, and it would relax Draco."

"True," Fred agreed, smiling again. "And we've gone on snack runs often enough that it wouldn't scare him off if I suggested it. Maybe I should try that, then if it goes well, I could suggest the walk around the lake afterwards."

Nodding his head, George started massaging Fred's scalp with the tips of his fingers. "It would seem natural to walk off all the food that Dobby'd stuff you with."

Fred leaned into George's touch, his eyes closing halfway because of how good the scalp massage felt. "And taking time for the snack first would give him plenty of time to relax with me before I try anything stupid."

"You won't do anything stupid, Freddie, you care about him too much."

Freddie wasn't very convinced but was enjoying the massage too much to argue. He made a noncommittal noise and then was quiet a few moments before he suddenly changed the subject. "Have you and Harry admitted that you're really in love yet, or are you two still lying to yourselves?"

George chuckled as he deepened the scalp massage. "Well, Harry told me a few days ago that he wants his first time to be with someone who's in love with him. Does that count?"

Fred made a noise that greatly resembled a purr, leaning into George's hypnotic fingers for a few moments before he remembered the question. "Only if you two've gone all the way since then."

"Not yet, but Harry hinted that he wants it to be me."

"Do you still tell people you're just friends with benefits?" Fred asked as he stroked George's thigh, his slightly slurred voice making it obvious just how much he enjoyed the scalp massage.

With a shake of his head, George trailed his fingers down the back of Fred's neck. "We stopped saying that a month ago. I haven't heard Harry call me anything else though, or correct anyone. I get the feeling he's waiting for me to make the next move there."

Fred slid his hand up George's leg, running his fingers along the line of muscle where his thigh and belly met. "And does he know about this?"

"About you and me?" George asked, waiting for Fred's nod to be sure what he meant before he went on. "Pretty much. He didn't buy my 'learnt on popsicles' story for much more than a minute. He's adorably gullible, but not stupid."

Fred snickered. "You didn't."

George smiled crookedly at his twin. "It was worth a try, y'know? I wasn't sure how he'd deal, but Harry took it pretty well, even told me, 'We both know you've been practicing on Freddie, so don't bother making up any more stories'."

Fred chuckled, running the palm of his hand up George's belly. "Harry's always been a step ahead of you, Georgie. You should have known better than to try to lie to him." His expression suddenly turned curious. "Do you think Harry has practiced with Dray?"

"I don't know, but they're as close as us. When Harry and I were talking about it he even said that he thought it would be like wanking, only with extra hands."

Fred smirked. "I like how he thinks."

George grinned at the expression on Fred's face. "Well that's how he described it. To him, we're parts of a whole, so it's only showing love and affection."

Fred moved his hand back down George's belly, running his fingers through the hair below George's navel with a wicked little grin. "Love and affection, eh? Not horniness and a complete lack of self control on the part of the one who started this, who shall remain nameless?"

Laughing softly, George shook his head. "I'm sure he knows about that part too, but he knows that I'd only ever touch you like this..." George trailed off, sliding his leg up the length of his brother's inner thigh to settle it against his crotch. "...because I love you."

Fred let out a little pleased noise and shifted to press his erection a bit more firmly against George's leg, smiling as he dragged one fingertip slowly along the top of George's cock. "It has always been more than just getting off."

"Always." George shifted and slid his hands under Fred's arms to urge him to move up along his body. "I don't know what I would've done without you."

Fred rolled to his hands and knees and let George guide him upwards until they were face to face, sliding one hand under George's shoulder as the other hand moved to rest on George's chest and he smirked down at him. "You would probably be blind by now, and with hairy palms too, if those tales about wanking are true."

George snickered "How do you explain Ronnie, then?"

Fred snorted, his hazel eyes sparkling with amusement. "Ronnie's too much of a prude to wank that often."

George grinned, nuzzling Fred's jaw. "Wanna bet? He wanks about four times a day to hear Dean tell it. Gets to swearing up a bit too."

Fred snickered, sliding his hand across George's chest to lightly tease his nipple as he murmured, "Ronnie? Our little Ronniekins, wanking and swearing with Dean as an audience? You've got to be kidding."

George smirked up at Fred and rolled his hips, crushing their groins together. "Oh no, my dear Frederick, it seems that Ronald is quite the exhibitionist. He'll wank for anyone in his dorm, seems he even got Neville to join him one night."

Fred's eyes widened at that mental image, then he started snickering, rocking his hips slightly to rub against George. "I'd bet anything that Dean gave them the idea."

"Possibly," George murmured as he lifted his head to lick at Fred's bottom lip, his hands sliding down Fred's back to cup his arse.

Fred nibbled delicately at George's lips, then murmured against them, "Dean's got a thing for Ronnie." He smirked against George's lips, gently pinching his nipple as he added, "About seven inches, according to Kevin."

Snorting through his nose, George nipped at Fred's lips and then whispered, "I'm sure Ronnie's going to be able to accommodate Dean quite easily, if what I heard about he and Oliver in the locker room bears any truth."

Fred snickered a bit as he rocked his hips again, licking at George's lips and then murmuring, "Ronnie always has had a thing for Quidditch."

"More like a thing for Quidditch players," George replied with a low groan as he spread his legs, looping one around Fred's hips while the other rubbed up between Fred's thighs.

Fred chuckled slightly and rocked against George again, moving to lick and nibble at George's throat just below the corner of his jaw before he murmured against his skin, "Dean had better hurry up and learn how to play, then."

~*~*~*~*~

Harry let the silence drag on between them for a long while, just holding Draco and trying to think of a way to convince him to talk to Fred about how he felt. He finally decided to drag out an old idea and said softly, "Why don't you let me talk to George about it? He'll know, and then you'll not have to worry anymore."

"George'll think I'm a baby for hiding behind you, Harry," Draco responded plaintively as he pressed his face into Harry's chest, trying hard not to whine.

Harry chuckled softly, rubbing Draco's back. "No, he'll think I'm trying to keep you from getting hurt again, which is the truth."

Looking up at Harry, Draco pressed his chin against Harry's breastbone and stared into Harry's eyes. "You'd really ask George, for me?" as he asked tentatively.

"Of course." Harry impulsively stretched to kiss the tip of Draco's nose before smiling at him. "I'd do anything for you, Dray, you know that."

Draco blushed a fine line of crimson across the bridge of his nose and then just chewed on his bottom lip for a moment, contemplating asking Harry something.

Harry watched him with a little smile, waiting patiently, but when Draco still hadn't spoken after a few minutes he lifted one hand to run his fingers through Draco's silky blond hair. "What are you thinking so hard about?"

Closing his eyes at the feel of his brother's hand toying with his hair, Draco spoke without really thinking about it as he admitted, "I was wondering if I could get you to show me how to please Freddie." His eyes snapped open as he realized what he'd said and he started blushing even redder, hiding his face against Harry's chest as he groaned and then mumbled, "I did not just say that out loud."

Harry snickered softly, ruffling Draco's hair a bit. "Yes Dray, you did." He paused, thinking for a second, and then decided that Draco might not be asking what he thought he was. "Exactly what would you like to know?"

With his face still pressed against Harry's chest, Draco mumbled something completely unintelligible.

Harry watched the tip of Draco's ear get even redder and tried not to laugh again, running his fingers slowly through Draco's hair. "Try again, Dray, and this time look at me so I'll have a prayer of making sense of it."

Still blushing a fiery crimson that was completely at odds with his pale skin and hair, Draco lifted his face and whispered, "Can you show me how to make him love me?"

"Oh, Dray..." Harry began, trailing off as he wondered what to say. He finally leaned closer to kiss Draco softly, just barely brushing their lips together before he rested his forehead against Draco's and whispered, "Just be you. Freddie's nobody's fool, and he'd have to be an idiot not to fall head over heels for you."

Draco blinked slowly as he looked into Harry's eyes, completely shocked. "You-- You kissed me. On the lips." His tongue snaked out and licked his lips, tasting, then he whispered, "Wow."

Harry's eyes widened a little bit as it dawned on him that he actually had kissed Draco. "Well, yes. I suppose I did." He pulled back a bit, wanting to be able to see Draco's expression better and looking a little hesitant as he asked softly, "Would you rather I hadn't?"

"Huh? I mean-- Wow. Harry, that was-- And-- Wow!" Draco mumbled inarticulately, his wide silver eyes still a little dazed as he kept licking at his lips.

Harry's expression changed to a bemused look that wasn't quite a smile, not sure whether he should be flattered or worried. "Dray, that was barely even a kiss, really. Didn't Blaise ever snog you properly?"

Draco blinked again at hearing Blaise's name and then took in Harry's expression for a moment before he snorted. "Blaise kept trying to touch me, and he slobbered. It was disgusting." He shuddered just thinking about it. "When I wouldn't let him grab my-- me he left and went sniffing after Parkinson. She puts out."

Harry's green eyes narrowed, getting a glint of sudden anger in them. "Huh. Well, I'll just have to have another little talk with him." He paused a moment and then blinked, consciously getting control of himself again before he went back to the previous subject. "So you've never been properly kissed?"

A slight shake of his head had Draco blushing again. "No one's ever kissed me like that. Like I mattered. It was nice. Really nice."

"Blaise Zabini is an idiot! " Harry exclaimed, surprised. "You're positively edible, how could he not have wanted to kiss you?"

"He was really nice at first, but now I think he just wanted to shag me and maybe see if I could get him into dad's good graces," Draco said with a slight shrug, trying not to let show how much it had hurt him to realize that. "He didn't act as though he really cared for me when I kept telling him no."

Harry growled softly, his eyes narrowing with anger again. "Oh, yes, I really must have a talk with that slimy git."

Running a long fingered hand over Harry's chest in circles, Draco whispered calmingly, "It's alright, Harry. He doesn't matter to me anymore." He looked worriedly into Harry's eyes, still rubbing Harry's chest. He didn't like it when Harry got truly angry; he acted almost like a different person.

Harry realized he was upsetting Draco and forced a smile, stroking Draco's hair and making a mental note to corner Zabini the next time he had a chance. "It's okay, Dray," Harry said as his expression softened, his eyes gentling with love as he added, "I guess I'm just a bit overprotective. I don't like the thought of anyone treating you badly."

"You've always looked out for me, even when we were babies. I just hate it when you get mad. You lose yourself," Draco whispered softly, still a bit worried.

Harry stroked Draco's hair, thinking about what he said for a moment before he finally replied, "I don't lose myself, really, I just let loose a part of me that you're not used to seeing." He paused, sighing softly before he added, "That you shouldn't have to see. I'm sorry."

Draco pressed a soft affectionate kiss to Harry's chin, his sudden smile wordlessly telling Harry that he forgave him.

Harry's arm tightened around Draco's back and the fingers of his other hand tightened slightly in Draco's hair as he tried to change the subject. "You never did tell me what you'd like to know."

Draco had groaned softly when Harry tightened his hand in his hair, but the sound was almost sensual, obviously not a reaction to pain. Draco's eyes darkened into a slightly deeper silver than they normally were, sliding halfway closed as he moved into Harry's hand and whispered, "Teach me how to make him happy, Harry. How to make him want me, and how to keep him once he does."

Harry slid his fingers slowly through Draco's hair, enjoying the feel of the cool silken strands against his skin and wondering if he was dreaming. He looked into Draco's eyes for several minutes before he finally managed to speak and murmured huskily, "Just breathe, Dray. He'll want you, I promise."

Closing his eyes the rest of the way, Draco leaned into Harry's gentle touch, his entire body relaxed as he murmured in voice so low it was more of a soft purr, "That feels so nice. Do it again, Harry, please."

Harry licked his lips and moved his hand again, carding his fingers slowly through Draco's hair as he watched Draco's expression and fought a losing battle with himself. He stroked Draco's hair several times before he finally whispered softly, "I could show you things that would feel so much better, Dray, if you want me to."

Draco pressed his body against Harry's as he opened his eyes. "Would you? I'll do anything you want. I trust you."

Draco's expression was earnest and open, and the desire and complete trust shining in his eyes made Harry groan softly. He shifted a bit, hoping Draco wouldn't notice why he was uncomfortable as he gave Draco's hair a gentle little tug to distract him. "You're so bloody tempting, and you don't even know it. Are you sure about this, Dray?" He was going to end there but he spoke again almost against his will as he added, "Really and truly certain this is what you want? If anyone found out I touched you, there would be hell to pay."

"Who'd find out? And it's not like you don't touch me anyway. You're Harry and I'm Draco, we're the queer Malfoy-Snape boys who mince around like nancies and get away with murder because all of the professors adore us," Draco joked lightly as he shifted on top of Harry, trying to find a more comfortable position.

Harry smiled and then made a soft little noise and bit his lip to keep back the words that wanted to come tumbling out as Draco's shifting around put more pressure on his crotch. He waited until Draco was still again before he swallowed hard and then said quietly, "Yes, but we'd not have to tell, really. I think anyone who really knows us would know something had changed. I could tell something was different with Fred and George when they-- Well, got closer."

"Harry...?" Draco half-asked, looking uncertain for a moment as he thought about what his brother just said and tried to think of when he might have noticed a change in Fred and George.

"Yes?" Harry looked quietly into Draco's eyes, deciding after a moment that the uncertainty in them was probably because Draco didn't know whether he'd want to answer whatever his question was. "You can ask me anything, Dray."

Clearing his throat, Draco asked tentatively, "George and Freddie, do they sometimes..." Draco trailed off as he searched for the word he wanted, his cheeks flushing slightly again as he finally said, "Love each other?"

"They always love each other, Dray," Harry corrected softly. "But they kiss and touch too, yes. Possibly more, I don't know for sure. I haven't asked." He paused a moment and then added, "Well, either that or George has a boyfriend I don't know about."

"I don't think so, George hasn't been looking at anyone else, especially not the way he looks at you."

Harry nodded, smiling a little. "So I think it's probably Freddie." He stroked Draco's hair, debating how much to tell him, and then finally admitted, "George has had love bites that I know I didn't give him." He grinned suddenly, a wicked glint in his eyes as he added, "And in the most unusual places sometimes, too."

"Does it bother you, Harry?" Draco asked softly, a strange huskiness to his voice. "The thought of them together I mean?"

Harry looked into Draco's eyes, obviously surprised by the idea. "Not at all. Does it bother you?"

Draco blushed and shook his head as he shifted slightly, the heaviness between his legs pressing against Harry's thigh as he began to move away, not quite able to make himself say that he thought the idea was rather erotic.

Harry realized immediately that Draco was just as aroused by the idea as he was. He tightened his arm around Draco's waist when he tried to move away, moving his hand from Draco's hair to cup his jaw as he said impulsively, "I think it's kind of hot. Sometimes, I dream about them making love to each other." Harry felt his cheeks heating as he admitted more softly, "Or with us."

"They're beautiful," Draco agreed softly. "I'm sure it would be amazing to watch them together." Draco looked down into Harry's eyes, not really thinking about it as he moved so that he was laying draped completely over Harry again. "Sometimes..." Bright spots of color bloomed on Draco's cheeks again. "Sometimes I have dreams about us. All four of us."

"Me too." Harry licked his lips, looking into Draco's eyes as he stroked Draco's cheek with his thumb and admitted very softly, "And sometimes I just dream about you."

Draco's eyes widened slightly and his voice dropped into a soft baritone deeper than his normal speaking voice as he whispered, "Tell me, Harry. What do you dream about me?"

Harry thought about his dreams a moment, the ones that had made him lay awake and watch Draco sleeping just across the room. "Sometimes I dream about kissing you and touching your beautiful body, or about sleeping with you like we did when we were little, only without the clothes. Those always turn into the kissing dreams by the time I wake up." Harry swallowed, gathering his courage, then added in a near-silent whisper, "And, if I don't wake up, sometimes we make love."

"Do you want to make love to me, Harry?" Draco asked softly, surprised curiosity in eyes.

"If you wanted me to, I would," Harry replied quietly, completely aware that he was not quite answering Draco's question.

Draco didn't say anything as he leaned down slowly, almost hesitantly, letting his eyes focus on the curves of Harry's full lips for a moment before he brushed a soft kiss against them. Harry's hand slid around to cup the back of Draco's head as Draco lifted his head again, his green eyes soft and luminous with love and desire. He looked up into Draco's eyes for a long moment before he gently pulled him down for another kiss.

Draco whimpered softly and his body tensed up as he pressed his lips against Harry's, then Harry realized Draco had stiffened in his arms. He pulled away, licking at his lips and not meeting Draco's gaze as his cheeks heated up suddenly. "Dray, I'm sorry," Harry whispered, ashamed of himself. "I just-- I've wanted to do that for such a long time, and--" He realized he was babbling and bit back the words that wanted to come flooding out. He felt like a complete arse and hoped he hadn't scared Draco too badly as he finally repeated even more softly, "I'm sorry."

Draco didn't really hear most of what Harry said, his eyes watching Harry's mouth. The muscles in his back and shoulders were bunched and trembling slightly under his skin with nerves and something more. "Kiss me again, Harry."

Harry looked into Draco's eyes again finally, surprised, then let out a soft relieved noise at the hunger he saw there and kissed him again, their lips pressing together sweetly. Harry resisted the urge to deepen the kiss when Draco's lips lingered against his, keeping it gentle and almost chaste even though he wanted so much more. Harry's left hand stroked Draco's back gently as his right hand moved to rest on the side of Draco's throat, but he didn't do anything more because he wanted to let Draco set the pace. After a pause of what Harry couldn't have said was ten seconds or ten minutes Draco finally let himself relax again and molded his body against Harry's, earning a soft pleased sound from Harry.

Draco felt so many emotions as they kissed that he couldn't have catalogued them all if he tried, but the uppermost one was trust. Draco trusted Harry in a way that he had never trusted Blaise, and that trust let him relax into the kiss. He decided that he quite liked the way Harry's lips and body felt under his. Draco felt so safe with Harry that he stopped worrying about how little he knew about kissing and just enjoyed the feeling of having lips pressed against his own as a gentle hand stroked his back.

Harry smiled against Draco's lips after what seemed like forever, sucking gently at Draco's lower lip to see how he would respond. Draco groaned low in his throat, the sound seeming to travel to through his lips into Harry's mouth as Draco pressed closer. Harry shivered slightly, his lips parting as he slid his hand down Draco's throat, fingers dipping into the collar of Draco's shirt to stroke along where his neck met his shoulder. Harry wanted to feel a lot more of Draco's smooth skin than the curve of his shoulder, but he wasn't sure how Draco would react.

Draco whimpered again a moment later but the sound was from arousal this time, not nervousness. He pressed his hips more firmly against Harry's, half-afraid he would be pushed away but wanting more. Harry growled softly into the kiss and lifted his hips to rub up against Draco as his legs spread automatically, responding to the tentative advance with enough obvious desire that Draco carefully rocked his hips in reply. Harry's right hand tightened against the small of Draco's back then to urge him to move again as his legs spread even wider. He slid his left hand around to the back of Draco's neck and down into his shirt, caressing soft skin as Draco moved against him again.

Draco nipped softly at Harry's upper lip and then lifted his head, his silver-blue eyes darkened to a startlingly vivid cornflower blue by desire and love. "We can't do this," Draco said softly then in low, sultry tone of voice that affected Harry like a shot of bourbon. Shivers of warmth and desire spread through Harry even though 'stop' was the last thing he wanted to hear, but his disappointment didn't last long. "Not here, anyway," Draco added, staring at Harry almost as if he'd never really seen him before.

Harry licked at his lips to see if he could taste Draco on them as he stared up into Draco's eyes, marveling at their change in color. He wondered if his own eyes did the same thing as he moved his hand out of Draco's shirt and then stroked Draco's cheek with his fingertips. "You're right," he whispered huskily, "we should move this to our room."

Draco pushed himself away from Harry and moved backwards, the evidence of his arousal obvious at the front of his trousers. His cock pressed almost painfully against the fabric as he flinched slightly but stood up with the natural grace that he had inherited from Lucius. He offered his right hand to Harry, breathing hard as his smoldering gaze roamed over Harry's body to linger on the outline of Harry's erection against tight denim.

Harry just looked up at Draco a moment before he lifted his right hand, letting Draco pull him to his feet. He let go of Draco's hand and stepped close to him then, lifting both hands to cup Draco's cheeks as he leaned close and whispered simply, "You're beautiful. Did you know that?" He didn't wait for a reply, kissing Draco instead and letting Draco feel some of the hunger coursing through him as their lips moved together.

Leaning against Harry was so natural for Draco that he couldn't help himself, his lips parting slightly against Harry's as his hands went automatically to Harry's hips, pulling him closer. Harry made a soft pleased noise against Draco's mouth and licked slowly along Draco's upper lip, his hands gently cupping Draco's jaw. Harry's swayed a bit closer a moment later, pressing up against him and letting Draco feel again just how aroused he was.

Draco moved away suddenly, his gaze going down immediately to focus on the bulge in his brother's pants as the blush from earlier rose up on his cheeks again. "Uhm..."

Harry moved his hands to Draco's shoulders, resisting the urge to kiss him again and silently watching Draco's face, letting Draco have a moment. He waited for Draco to meet his gaze again before he asked softly, "Are you sure you're okay with this? We don't have to do anything, Dray. I'm sure you won't have a problem with Freddie. He'll be putty in your hands after the first minute."

"I don't have a problem with it, Harry, really, it's just..." Draco's blush spread to the tips of his ears as he looked down again and whispered, "I'd like to know how to give someone a hummer. Would you teach me?" He looked up through his eyelashes at Harry's face, studying him as he added quickly, his voice soft and low, "You don't have to, but I feel comfortable with you and you said you wanted me to tell you what I wanted to know. I-- I'd like to taste you."

Harry swallowed a groan and leaned closer to kiss Draco quickly again before looking into his eyes. "I would love to teach you anything you want to know." His lips curved into a wicked grin suddenly, love and desire bright in his sparkling green eyes as he added, "As I might've told you, Dray, you're positively edible."

Draco's blush darkened and extended down his neck as he shook his head and looked down again. He couldn't quite make himself believe the compliments that Harry was giving him. "I'm not."

Harry's wicked grin faded. "Have I ever lied to you, Dray?"

Draco gave another quick little shake of his head but still didn't meet Harry's gaze. "Never."

Harry lifted one hand from Draco's shoulder to stroke along his jaw with his fingertips and then lifted Draco's chin to make Draco look at him. "I'm not about to start now. I don't know how anyone could resist you, you're very nearly perfect."

Harry kissed Draco again then, trying to let him feel the love and desire he felt for him, and Draco's eyes fluttered closed, his body swaying forward to lean heavily against Harry as he lost himself in the kiss. Harry made a soft pleased noise, moving the hand hovering below Draco's chin up into his hair as his other arm slid around Draco's waist, holding him close. Harry's lips were so soft, so completely entrancing that Draco would've happily stayed lost in the kiss forever as their lips moved against each other slowly, savoring something they had wanted longer than either of them cared to admit.

Harry sucked gently at Draco's lower lip and slowly ran his fingers through Draco's hair, but he was careful to keep the kiss and his touches gentle. His body was fairly humming with desire but he had to keep reminding himself that this was Draco and not George. He couldn't just push Draco up against the nearest wall and have a go at trying to find his tonsils. Draco wasn't ready for that yet and Harry knew it, and he didn't want to do anything that might scare Draco or make him regret what they were doing. Harry knew just exactly how wonderful it was to have George concentrating on making him forget his name, and he hated seeing Draco afraid to allow the same because of Blaise's ham-handed 'affections'.

Draco raised a hand from Harry's hips to place it on his shoulder, the long fingers curving over solid muscle as he shyly licked at Harry's lips, humming at the hint of chocolate from the candy Harry had eaten earlier. Harry made a soft encouraging noise and opened his mouth in invitation, wondering for only a moment what Draco would do before Draco's tongue slipped into Harry's mouth. Harry couldn't help a low moan as Draco licked slowly along the inside of his upper lip and then hesitantly touched his tongue to Harry's. Harry licked at Draco's tongue and then sucked gently as Draco withdrew it, his fingers tightening slightly in Draco's hair with a low whimper.

Draco's breath ghosted against his lips as he kissed Harry softly, whispering huskily between kisses, "Weren't we supposed to go back to our room, Harry?"

"Mm-hm," Harry agreed softly, kissing back every time Draco's lips touched his and running his left hand down Draco's back as he moved slightly against him, still half lost in Draco's kisses.

Draco smiled softly against Harry's lips as he kissed him again, sounding amused as he murmured, "Then don't you think we should go?"

Harry pulled back a bit, looking into Draco's eyes with a sudden little grin. "Lead the way, I'll be right behind you." Harry didn't add that he'd be staring at Draco's arse, since he wasn't at all sure Draco was ready to know that yet.

Draco kissed Harry once more before pulling away and then turning to head towards their bedroom. Harry followed without hesitation, his gaze on the tight jeans that Draco wore. The denim encased his lean form like a second skin, caressing every curve as he walked and drawing attention to his long legs and the high, full curves of his arse. Within a few steps Harry had a decidedly predatory glint in his green eyes, making them very reminiscent of the green flames of a Floo.

Something on the floor caught Draco's eye and he stopped abruptly and bent over, his legs slightly spread as he picked up the object. Harry stopped a bit more than a pace behind Draco and bit his lower lip to keep back a groan, shifting slightly and flexing his hands as he reminded himself again that Draco was not George. If he grabbed that perfect heart-shaped arse Draco was more likely to shriek than to push him against the nearest wall and growl in his ear, and it would undoubtedly scare him. Harry had to keep his hands to himself.

Draco picked up the shiny knut and then straightened again as he slipped it into his back pocket, inadvertently stroking his arse. Harry made a soft noise and watched Draco's fingers, practically drooling and wishing that was his hand sliding into that pocket. Or his tongue; that would work, too.

With a toss of his head, Draco flung his hair backwards to rest on his shoulders again as he reached for the doorknob and then slipped into their bedroom, leaving Harry in the short hallway alone.

Harry bit his lip a little harder and took a deep breath, then reached down to adjust himself with a grimace, taking a moment to get control of himself again before he followed Draco into their room. He'd been quite certain he could manage himself when he had made the offer, but the closer he got to actually doing naughty things to the person he loved most in the world, the more aroused he got and the less control he had over his reactions. He had tried very hard to avoid even thinking about touching Draco -- well, except in his dreams, he couldn't control them -- since he had noticed how beautiful he was quite a long time ago. Ideas of just what he could do with Draco were flooding his mind in a chaotic, erotic blur now that he wasn't suppressing the very concept anymore.

Harry realized suddenly that his hesitation might bother Draco and took another deep breath, making a conscious effort to clear his mind as he followed Draco into their room. He prayed that he would be able to behave himself well enough that he wouldn't scare Draco. He just couldn't bear it if he added to the bad experiences Draco had already had.