Author: Tenyari
Title: Naked Girl - Where Do I Go From Here? ( Words)
Part: Chapter 4
Universe: Naked Supers
Keywords: F, exhib, voy, viol, Super, naked
Summary: Marya's opposition gathers, Things with Paul take a new
turn.
Copyright: August 14, 2002 - all rights reversed.

THIS STORY IS INTENDED FOR ADULT READING ONLY

Feedback is desired but please be kind and constructive.

(This chapter is only posted in a few places as it is still
 problematic for me. When I finally sit down to finish chapter's
 5 and 6 and finish 'story arc 1', I will probably rewrite 4 as
 well.)

Archived at:
     http://www.asstr.org/~tenyari/
     ftp://ftp.asstr.org/pub/Authors/tenyari/
-----------------------------------------------------------------

     John Silverton put down the paper. There was something
familiar about that girl but he just couldn't place it.
Nevertheless a naked super warranted critical attention. He
wouldn't let history happen again under his watch, not like Light
Boy. Not this time. It was time to speak to Hawk; then gather the
troops.
     
     Davian just couldn't get that white girl out of his mind.
'What makes her so special?' he thought. 'Seen enough fuck'n
hooka's on this street. Who gives a shit 'bout one more?' But it
really wasn't just her was it? A lot of things were getting
sharper, more present, more in his face. It was like he was
feeling the hood -like you might feel your skin. 'What is this
fuck'n shit anyway?' He didn't know everything was about to
change, he didn't know the old rules no longer applied.
     
     Paul Milano got home just in time to watch the late night
news. His girl was up there. Well not really -his- girl, but he
certainly spent his time thinking of nearly nothing but her. She
was fighting somebody and the anchor woman was giving a play by
play of the action. Paul realized with a start that she was
fighting Hawk, one of Guard's top local field agents. 'What on
Earth is going on?'
     The news ended with a request for anyone with information
to call the hotline. Paul sat by his phone for hours, wondering
what to do.
     
     A wheelchair bound Peter McKnight sat in his Noe Valley
home reading the Sunday paper. There was an interesting article
about a naked super girl breaking up a robbery. He smiled when he
first saw her, remembering his youth -remembering Light Boy.
Peter thought about those early days. When the power had come, it
had burned through every garment he wore. The light was too
bright they'd said -like the sun. He'd been arrested almost daily
until Guard took him in, made him a hero. A federal law was made
just for him, excluding supers from all clothing laws. He
wondered if it was still in effect. "What'll come of her?"
     He was thinking of the Naked Girl and her liquor store
breakup when he tuned in to the evening news, seeing the same
broadcast as Paul. Shaking hands turned up the volume. 'Damn
these muscles...' He'd given up a promising career when he'd lost
control of his body.
     
     Marya flew up. She was panicked, confused, frightened. When
she saw the camera, when she saw who she'd fought, she knew she
was in trouble. Above the clouds and she slowed. It was getting
dark. She needed to put it all together, figure out where to go
next.
     
     Paul never saw the girl standing outside his apartment. She
stood there naked in the cold evening fog, a question in her
eyes. She was hurt, confused, and needing someone to talk to; but
she never rang the bell, never made her way in. An hour passed
and she was gone, Paul went to sleep.
     
     Alone on a beach, Marya sat thinking about her day. It was
exhilarating, enlightening, yet terrifying and traumatic all in
one. She was still nude, though no longer super. The fog and cold
of the late night bit into her skin, chilling her to the bone;
but she paid it no mind.
     There was a bag in the sand next to her; a few clothes and
a bikini bottom. Someone in Tilden would find a busted lock
tomorrow. She hadn't gone home, she couldn't go home. Not yet
anyway.
     'Where do I go from here?' she wondered. It'd been all
wrong. Why had Hawk attacked that poor woman? How did she miss
seeing who he was? How had that news van gotten there? Was it on
TV already?
     'Had to be. I bet they're already looking for me...'
     Marya sat and watched the waves, letting it sooth her.
She'd never been one for beaches; she'd only been to the coast a
few times in her life despite living less than a mile from the
bay. Since her transformation though; she'd been drawn to beaches
several times. Good memories most of it, the ocean was fast
becoming a haven for her.
     
     Paul awoke in the middle of the night. He didn't know why,
but he had to get out of the house. Maybe it was that girl again;
after her visit and then the news he'd dreamt of her. It had been
terribly erotic and frightening at the same time.
     He dressed quickly, grabbed a jacket and left on his
motorcycle. Paul drove around for a good hour. The ride took him
through Sausalito, under the Golden Gate, and off up the highway
towards work. Nearing Stinson he stopped in an all nighter and
picked up a few beers to kill the hours with.
     Paul spent a lot of free time along the coast. He'd grown
up a San Diego surfing fanatic. His love of the outdoors lead him
into the park service, where he'd jumped at the chance of an
assignment on a state beach; unaware of the northern cold.
     Still, even in this weather; the ocean was where he went to
sort things out.
     Paul parked up near the sand and made his way; noticing
someone sitting with her toes dangling in the tides. A very naked
someone... By the light of the moon, even in the fog; he could
spot he huddling up against the cold. "Was is with all these
naked women anyway?" he muttered as he went to check her out.
     
     Marya jumped with a start at the sound of an approaching
voice; a familiar voice. In a flash she was super and they both
knew who the other was. She was glad she'd had her back to him.
'That was close' she thought.
     "I saw the news..." Paul said as Marya turned to look.
     "Oh god... was it bad?" she said as he sat down beside her
in the waves.
     "They've got a hotline up, looking for you."
     Marya tensed, then forcibly let it out. "That was fast..."
     "Guard doesn't... what the hell happened?" Paul asked.
     Marya gave her story, how she'd seen a woman attacked.
She'd jumped in without thinking. How Hawk had tried to kill her.
She traced the line of the cut above her breast.
     "Let me get something for that..." Paul wandered off to his
cycle as Marya looked down to a thin line of dried blood.
     'I forgot about that...' Marya checked herself out as best
she could, not finding any other cuts.
     He came back with a small kit and two beer cans. A photo
dropped out as he opened it.
      "Who's she?" Marya asked, pointing to a pretty blond
hiking with Paul in the picture.
     Paul shrugged. "Um..."
     "You got a girlfriend?"
     "Not anymore..."
     "Why keep it?"
     Paul shrugged again "Memories..." He moved in and gave
Marya a tube of ointment. "So what happened out there?"
     "Well... I didn't see who he was till it was too late...
Why'd he just go slicing her up?" She gave him back the tube "Can
you do it?"
     Paul gulped, but dutifully spread the cream on his fingers.
"You don't know?"
     Marya shook her head as Paul began to rub her skin.
     "This should help it heal, stop any scars. They're saying
you're probably on her team."
     "Who's team?" Marya was confused, who was that woman?
     "Here." He gave her a can of Coors and continued "Blood
Witch." He was finished with the ointment and sadly pulled away.
Her breast had been wonderfully soft when he brushed against it
to rub her chest.
     Marya took the can and glanced over the label. "Oh god...
that... shit..."
     "So you don't know her?"
     Marya's stance shifted and her eyes took on an angry fire.
"I'm not..!"
     "Easy..." Paul said pulling back a it.
     "Paul..." The fire was gone, replaced with the look of a
lost girl. Marya leaned into him for a hug, sitting sideways in
his lap and smiling inwardly at the hard feeling from his slacks
pressing against her.
     He wrapped his arms around her and cooed into her ear "It's
ok girl." Paul ran his hands along her back; going low but not
daring her ass, then returning to her shoulder. Marya seemed to
melt into his touch.
     "You know, I'm not old enough enough to drink this..."
Marya held her Coors up to Paul as he popped the lid on his.
     "Oh? Um... you're?"
     "I'm not jail bait Paul -eighteen, nineteen in a few
months. I usually drink Michelob anyway..." She smiled back.
     Chuckling, Paul nodded "You looked about that, but hey..."
     "You?"
     "Twenty three."
     "Wow..."
     "Yeah..." It was a bit of a difference. Paul wondered if it
was too far for them to be able to relate. Marya just shrugged at
the unspoken question.
      She popped the lid on her can, smiled over to Paul, and
took a swig.
     "What can I do..?" she said.
     "Just relax for now..." He moved her to lie in the sand,
kneeling before her to admire her naked beauty. Marya lay on her
back and closed her eyes. Paul continued to run his hands along
her, petting her belly. "You know, I never got your name..."
     "Um... I... Paul, I just can't reveal that now. It's not
safe. For either of us." Her eyes were still closed -enjoying the
comforting feeling of his touch- wishing it could go lower, but
afraid of what that might mean.
     "They called you Naked Girl on the news. Hawk kept calling
you that in his interview."
     She tensed and said "Hawk..."
     'Damn' thought Paul. 'remember not to mention him again...'
he told himself.
     "Is she really your ex?" Marya said.
     "Hmm?"
     "The blond." Marya pointed to the photo without opening her
eyes.
     "Oh. Yeah... she left to 'broaden her horizons' or
something. I think she's in Europe."
     "Miss her?"
     "It's been a year..."
     "No one else yet?" Marya asked.
     Paul wanted to say yes. He wanted to say how he couldn't
get this naked super out of his mind, but he just said "No..."
and shrugged. He didn't catch her smile, his eyes were too busy
watching her breasts rise and fall with her breathing. "Um..."
     Marya opened her eyes and looked up to him. "How'd you find
me?"
     Paul shrugged "I woke up, thinking... I come here to
relax."
     Marya put her hand to her lips, biting a nail. It was a
sensual gesture unknowingly steeling Paul's breath away. "Well,
I... I can talk to you. So it's all good."
     Paul nodded. Marya grabbed the hand he'd left on her tummy
and brought it to her breast, holding it there. "I must be
drive'n you wild..."
     Paul's hand was in heaven. The soft feel of her breast took
him places he'd only been in dreams. Nevermind all the girls
before, this was the one here and now; and she was wonderful
-beyond belief. 'You don't know the half of it.' Paul wanted to
say. Instead he said "S'ok."
     
     Paul began to run circles with the tips of his fingers over
her breast, avoiding the nipple. They knew were this was leading,
and Marya pushed herself closer; leaning back into Paul.
     "Paul..." she began.
     He stopped his hands and looked out to sea "Yeah?"
     "No strings Paul, I ain't ready for that..." Marya reached
back to put her hand on the back of his neck.
     Paul thought for a moment, he really didn't have the first
idea who this girl was. He didn't even know her name. Sure they'd
talked a few times, and he'd seen more of her than he did of most
girls he dated. But at the same time he knew he might pass her in
the street on a normal day and never know it.
     He was seriously turned on by her; but who wouldn't be. She
was naked physical perfection, a magical Pocahontas wet dream
resting in his arms. He looked down to the breast he held; soft
yet firm of form, high up on her chest with a large dark brown
nipple. To the left it's sister stood out in her own arousal,
waiting for his touch. Between Marya's flat belly led down to
wonderful navel. Paul was a navel man -he loved a girl who showed
her belly. Marya did that and much more, revealing a further,
greater treasure waiting below; a thin bush of straight black
hairs resting over her vulva. He could see her clit and her lips
pouting out in a deep brown blush. He knew from the memory of her
movements the pink treasure hiding under that brown. A treasure
he longed to feel. But he was a patient man, for the time being
at least. A well laid plan gave a better reward than a quick
conquest. Or so he thought; Paul didn't get laid as often as some
of his friends, but he suspected he got quality. Like the
difference between spending your money on a six-pack or a fine
wine.
     Marya used her free hand to keep Paul busy, taking his own
free hand and bringing it up to nibble on. He came out of his
reflective moment and said "Sure... I understand..." He wished
she would trust him more, but he wasn't yet sure she should; so
he left it at that.
     For her part Marya was ready to surrender. She'd been on a
sexual high for the last week without true relief. She needed
this; she hoped Paul didn't get hurt...
     Paul had resumed his caress of her breast; keeping her
aroused yet not driven too far. When Marya finished nibbling his
fingers she placed his other hand on her waist in a clear
invitation. She dropped her head back to look up at him then
closed her eyes.
     Paul abandoned her breast to run his hands along her side
and down to the base of her tummy. Here he moved in, resting one
hand on her abdomen as the other ran patterns through the upper
end of her pubic fur, slowly teasing its way down. Paul was on
his way to heaven, taking Marya with him.
     In time he reached the folds of her lips. It was after
swirling through her mound -combing it with his fingers- after
tracing along the insides of her thighs, and after abandoning the
whole enterprise for a few long seconds to caress her sides one
last time. When the moment finally came, when he pushed a finger
through the slight parting of her lips to greet the moisture
beneath; Marya shuddered and let out a sigh. Her body took on a
brief glow, warming to his touch; then settling in for the
experience.
     It was agonizing torture for her when Paul stopped to
undress. He took his shirt and put it down in the sand for her to
sit on. His slacks came next and Marya eyed his revealed manhood
with the hunger of a predator closing in on the kill. He was no
superman, but he was sufficient. She took him in her hands and
began a steady caress-up and down along the shaft, stopping to
lean in and lick off a dab of pre-cum.
     She pushed him down and straddled him. "I need to be on top
boo. ...ta get in time."
     'Boo?' he thought. 'I need to learn this slang of hers...'
     Marya lowered herself to begin the ancient dance, the
divine ritual they were driven to complete. Neither noticed Pauls
socks burning away to ashes as he entered her.
     It was slow and deep, driven by a need to savor the moment.
Marya kept her pace constant, using internal muscles to pleasure
him further.
     Paul looked up to watch the beauty before him. There's
simply no sight more wondrous than a woman in ecstasy. Marya was
truly beautiful as she rode him. Her breasts heaving, her eyes
glossing over in bliss, the little 'o' to her mouth as she
gasped, and the way her hair fell about her naked form. He
watched her gaze up to the stars, then down to the waves, and
finally back to lock eyes with him.
     Marya smiled down at Paul, glad for the moment, glad to
have the tension taken away. With each wave of her riding; there
was one less fear, one less moment of stress. As his hands
reached up to knead her breasts she gave out a gasp of pleasure
and joy. In that divine moment she was alive -a woman with her
man- it was all that mattered.
     "Cum in me... Paul... please, give it to me." She was on
the pill, or her normal body was; but she didn't care to think if
that meant anything.
     Paul was lost in the moment. This beautiful creature, his
own angel; had taken all sense from him. As she rode him, as her
vaginal muscles brought a counterstroke to her motions he felt
his release building. Paul came, erupting into her as he grunted
out his satisfaction.
     Marya was close, and the feeling of Paul cumming inside her
drove her past the point of no return. As he last of his semen
flooded into her she shot up into the sky. Paul looked on in
wonder as the night sky was suddenly filled with a bright burst
of fiery light followed moments later by a loud booming noise.
     "Wow... she's beautiful."
     Slowly Marya drifted back, falling down to Earth like a
feather left behind by a passing star. When she hit the sand next
to him she was calm and sleepy. Marya rolled into him and they
cuddled for long moments before breaking away to wash up in the
ocean's embrace.
     
     They parted soon after. He was about to ask if she needed a
ride, but it seemed a silly question. Marya took a look at Paul,
remembering him inside her with a fond smile as she said "See ya
round boo." She took to the air and was gone.
     "Later NG." he whispered as he gunned his bike and rode off
onto the highway.
     
     Davian was just about to go home when she bumped into him
from behind.
     "Oh! Sorry didn't see you..."
     "What the fu..." he began as he turned around, then
recognized her. It was Marya, the girl who lived a few houses up
the street. "What'choo doing out?"
     "Uh..." It was around 4 am. "Nothing... How you been?"
     "It's cool." It definitely wasn't cool... something was
flashing through his vision, images of her naked, images of her
fighting people naked, images of her dying. What the hell was
that about? He didn't like it, he didn't like anyone from -his-
hood getting hurt. Especially not some fly chick like Marya.
     "Yeah... see ya later." Marya hated that boy... she hated
the drugs he sold, the people who came to buy them, and the gangs
that formed to keep the whole machine running. 'I could just go
super and finish him off...' No, that wouldn't solve it. It'd
just bring a whole pile of attention to the block. She needed to
keep a low profile here at home, keep any eyes off her hood.
     
     Tisha woke in the night from a strange dream, but it was
gone by the time she sat up. She heard the door close on her
sister's room and went to investigate.
     Marya put her bag down and sat on the bed just as the door
opened. "Where ya been?" Tisha asked.
     Marya shrugged "...out."
     "You ok? You been actin' crazed this week."
     Marya looked at her sister, wondering if she talk about it;
admit to what was happening. But she didn't need more to worry
about, didn't need Tisha carrying her burden. "I'm fine. New
school and that strike got me off my game."
     Tisha nodded. "What's his name?"
     Marya looked up to see the grin on Tisha's face "Who?"
     "Girl I ain't dumb... It's 4 in the morning."
     Marya blushed a bit and looked down "It's nut'n..."
     "Whatever..." Tisha waved a hand as she turned away. As she
left Marya's room she called back "Hey, you seen that naked chick
on the news?"
     Marya popped up to attention.
     "She gone crazy on Hawk... Told you she was a villain."
Tisha called back as she walked away, leaving Marya to her
thoughts.
     'I'm no villain...'
     
     Morning found John Silverton in a large conference room
surrounded by a crew of strange figures. Men and women dressed
for a costume ball by the looks of it; they where the hammer of
Guard, its Pacific Coast Super team. Hawk sat midway down the
table and seven other figures filled the room. Four chairs sat
empty. One for The Stellar Lady -on assignment in a nearby galaxy-
one for Patriot -in Washington- and two for those killed in 9/11
- chairs they would need to fill again soon.
     "I'm sure everyone's seen this by now?" Silverton pointed
to a snapshot of Marya battling Hawk cut from the paper that
morning. "We've got news footage you can each go over later, but
she's really secondary to today's meeting."
     Hawk looked ready to say something, but held it in.
     Silverton began his speech. "These past few weeks the world
has seen a dramatic rise in superhuman activity."
     "Any others like her?" an Asian woman with cat's eyes
asked.
     "Not yet, that I know of, but you can expect a few."
     "More?" A man seemingly made of water asked.
      "You all remember Light Boy? Our last Nude Hero."
     "Our only nude hero." Hawk corrected.
     "Not exactly. Here in America yes, but there were several
others around the world at the time. I wouldn't be surprised if
we see a few in this new crop of supers."
     Silverton put a video up on the wall monitor; a foreign
newsreel. "New Delhi in India... There... see that man." He was
pointing to a dark skinned figure with four arms. A well endowed
man standing nude in a crowd of people with a bright rainbow glow
about him. "We spotted another in Nanjing China, but the
communists appear to have put an end to her."
     Silverton took a sip of water. "I can't say if these are
voluntary nudes like Columbia's Concepcion or more like our Light
Boy."
     "Does it matter?" Hawk asked.
     "Beside the threat to national morality; there is the issue
of strange coincidence." Silverton said.
     "Coincidence?" Blue hair asked.
     "Every boom in super human activity we know of has begun
with the appearance of a naked super."
     "That's just silly" Cat's eyes stated. "What could nudity
possibly have to do with anything?"
     "It doesn't make any sense." Blue hair said.
     "None of you -make any sense-." Silverton stated. "Every
one of you is in violation of the laws of physics as we know
them."
     "Personal paradigm theory." A figure in a red cloak voiced
to a few nodding heads.
     
     "Nevertheless..." Silverton clicked through to his next
presentation; a slideshow of still images. "These are all new
supers, seen within the last month. Twenty four Delta and Gammas
in the US alone, 2 confirmed Betas. Who can say how many lesser
powers have shown up."
     There were shocked gasps as the team took in the news. The
US hadn't seen a new Beta class super in 3 years. Betas were
nearly living nukes; like Stellar Lady and Patriot.
     "That's more than we normally see in a year... I'm sure you
can imagine the problems we're bound to face."
     A man in a white cape with frosty blue hair stated the
obvious "It'll be chaos in the streets."
     "Unless we can reach them, get them under control. Trained
or neutralized." Silverton commented. "That's your top priority
for the near future: find them, make them safe. Recruit if you
can, but this is an issue of vital Homeland Security."
     "What about the Betas?" a metallic woman asked. "Can we
deal with them?"
     "East Coast is on it. Patriot will be working with them. If
it comes down to it, we're prepared to call on Enigma."
     "Can she be trusted?" Cat eyes enquired.
     "God help us if she can't." John said; loosing an Alpha on
the world was not something he wanted on his record.
     

     "They're gone" Silverton said into the empty room. A figure
coalesced before him. "Here." He gave her a zip-lock bag; inside
was a single strand of hair.
     A naked woman with no eyes opened the bag, took the hair,
and began to lick it. "I've sensed nothing, no shifts in the mass
subconscious, no adjustments to the paradigms. Is she?"
     "Divine?" Silverton stated the question as he looked to a
marked off corner of the conference room. "I doubt it. They'd be
here otherwise."
     "Then..."
     "Nothing has escaped from there since Baltimore. He keeps a
good watch now." Silverton said, preparing to go for another set
of documents.
     "There are others you know..." The woman said.
     "I don't think she's an Alien."
     "I can sense those. Not what I mean. Some of the divine are
closer to this world... Some of them are part of it."
     "Then they would show in the mass subconscious."
     "Not always..." She took the hair; and ate it. "I'll find
her..."
     She picked up a paper from the table, one of Silverton's
charts. Her fingers traced over the figures, followed the curve.
"Silverton..."
     He looked up to where her eyes should have been.
     "They're coming..." She said, as she gave him the page. By
the time he took it, she was gone.
     
     Peter McKnight had a live in nurse. He'd gone through
several actually. Too many women had grown up seeing him in the
altogether on TV. To many women he'd had to let go after things
got a little worked up. The new girl was different though.
Younger, and, thankfully, not interested.
     But things got a bit strange Sunday morning. He was looking
over thinking 'I wonder if she is...' when she suddenly looked up
from prepping his meds and said:
      "Wonder what Peter?" She blushed and added "Oh..."
     "I didn't say anything." Peter responded levelly. He had
that feeling again. It'd been years, but maybe...
     "You didn't? What's been years?"
     'Can you read my mind?' he thought.
     "Of course not silly, I'm not Superhuman or something." She
said with a giggle.
     'But you just did.' He thought back as she gave him a look
of sudden comprehension.
     It was happening again. The world was telling him it was
time to go out again, time for Light Boy to come back. As he
looked up to take her in, he saw yesterday's paper in the bottom
of the bird cage and knew what he had to do next.
     "She's going to need my help."
     
     -----------------------------------------------------------
------
     
     
     
     
     
     Slang Terms:
     Where used I've tried to keep them clear by context. A lot
of dialog is also words misspelled to match the ghetto sound.
Sounding them out can help in understanding.
     
     5-0: Police
     9: handgun, as in 9mm
     A'ight: All Right
     Ball Out: Leave
     Beatin' it: Having sex
     Benda: Girl who loves to fuck anyone, with no standards.
     Blade: sucka, fool
     Boyz: gang friends
     Bust a cap: Shoot a gun
     Bust'n out: Taking off. Leaving
     Click: Clitoris
     Crib: Home
     Foo: Fool
     G: Friend
     Gangsta: Gangster
     Honey: Attractive Female
     Juice: Working a woman over for money rather than sexual
interest.
     Krunk: Stupid moron.
     Patna: Partner
     Phat: Cool
     Product: T&A
     S.a.m.: Sorry as man
     Tear it up: have sex
     Wack: Crazy, weird, bad in a negative way.
     Yak Butter: Pussy
     
