JD woke at the touch of soft kisses across his face. He sighed contentedly and blindly kissed back, too warm and drowsy to open his eyes.

"Mmmm." A smile curved his lips. Ezra's hands were stroking idly along his back, and a shiver run through him. He snuggled closer and nuzzled into his lover's shoulder.

"John?"

JD smiled and slowly opened his eyes, peering from under half closed lids. "Hey," he said sleepily. "Did I tell you I love the way you say my name?"

"What?" Ezra traced a line down one side of JD's face, and leaned into his accent, drawling the word through molasses. " John?"

"Hmmm," he agreed, and shifted closer still, savoring the warmth of Ezra's body pressed against his front, legs inextricably tangled up and crooked around each other, the sheets cool and crisp at his back in the way only freshly laundered linen can be. A shaft of light spilled in a long blaze from the curtains across the floor and over the bed, hot and blinding bright where the rest of the room was dim and cool.

He could hear banging noises downstairs and frowned.

"If fortune favors us in the most minuscule degree," Ezra smoothed out his frown, "That will be my colleagues helping themselves to breakfast and then leaving."

"Damn." JD rolled onto his back and stared at the ceiling until Ezra's face got in the way. Green eyes as sleepy as his own smiled at him, and then Ezra dropped his head into the crook of his neck. "I forgot about them."

Ezra's shoulders shook. "I could tell," was his only reply, and he moved fast as a snake to grip JD's wrist before he could slap his behind. "Easy, dear boy. My derriere is quite sore enough, thank you."

"Sorry," JD's good mood evaporated.

"Sorry?" Ezra leaned up to meet his eyes, "Sorry? Are you apologizing for last night?"

"No, I-- I mean," he stumbled to a halt and looked away.

"I thought you were enjoying yourself?"

JD shivered and felt himself hardening as he remembered the slick pleasure of loving Ezra; the warmth and the strength that held him, had driven him insane until he slowed and took his time finding the stroke that drove Ezra to incoherent ecstasy. A hand cupped his shaft where it lay trapped between them, and Ezra laughed softly.

"I will take that as a yes," he said, and slowly closed his fist around JD.

"Ezra..." His eyes fell shut and he groaned, trying to keep the noise down, mindful of the cheerful male voices floating up from downstairs.

"Shhh," Ezra told him softly and stroked again in a firm grip.

JD drifted, warmth gathering through him, and an edgy excitement. "The window's open," he protested feebly, and Ezra laughed.

"Now, is it?"

JD wriggled, his back arching into Ezra's steady touch. He reached for him, and pulled him in close, licking lightly at his lips but when Ezra tried to kiss him he smirked and dodged out of the way. "Taste good."

"Clearly you require your breakfast if all you can think about is eating me," Ezra said, mock serious, and JD's shoulders shook before he twisted and rolled on top of his friend. He stilled for a moment, looking down at the smiling face below him. Last night he'd... he'd tried to say something about what this meant to him, but Ezra had ignored it, or not wanted to hear it. Probably both. Now, wasn't that something. A whore falling in love with his john. Poor, stupid John. He laughed softly, and kissed Ezra, taking his time to really enjoy the soft mobile lips, the textures of the man's mouth, smooth and rough, edges and curves.

"I believe," Ezra pulled back, panting, "That you still owe a certain debt..." He let his voice trail off meaningfully, and JD frowned before he remembered.

"I think we got most of the kisses," his eyes lit up, "but I'm still behind on the blow jobs." He started to slither down Ezra's body, and was surprised by a tight grip on his upper arms. "Ez?"

"I think that perhaps I would like the greater debt paid this morning," he said meaningfully, and waited until comprehension dawned before loosening that grip.

"Oh. Okay," JD agreed and then paused, eyed him doubtfully and added, "What exactly did you have in mind?"

A crash and shout of laughter from downstairs froze him, and all the possible 'kinky experiments' that Ezra might insist on with three other men in the house started flooding through his only too fertile imagination. "Ez, no." He didn't mean to say anything at all. He didn't mean to refuse him, not when he owed him twice over, even if one debt was just from playing cards, the other debt was too huge to say no.

"JD?" Ezra's arms wrapped around him and hugged him close, "Why, whatever is the matter?"

JD shook his head. He'd follow through -- no one was going to accuse him of welching, but... "Nothing," his voice cracked, and he cleared his throat, "Whatever you want, Ez."

To his surprise, Ezra rolled his eyes to look at the ceiling, to ask it, "Now, what megrim do you suppose that boy has got into his head, hmm?" He looked back at JD when the ceiling refused to answer, and winked. "I find the structure of the house to be pleasant but uncommunicative."

JD grinned momentarily, and then kicked himself.

"I'm not a monster, John. And as I said on that damn sheet, I'm not interested in sharin' you, not ever." He looked away, but his expression was gentle when he met JD's eyes again. "I'm not going to do anything you are not comfortable with. And I would prefer eager participation, to mere passive acceptance."

"Okay..." JD smiled and watched a rising smile dawn in Ezra's eyes too. "So, what exactly did you have in mind? And remember, it could be pasta alllll week."

Ezra shook with laughter, "I'll eat pasta and be grateful." He kissed him. "Now, hold still."

JD immediately wriggled and Ezra's body shook with laughter again. "I said don't move." He pushed him flat onto his back and propped himself up on his elbow, surveying his body with the look of a man deciding which part of the feast to indulge in first. "Your hands?" he ordered, and held his own out. When JD placed them in his grasp Ezra lifted his arms up to the head of the bed, and tucked JD's fingers around the edge of the mattress. "Hold on -- and don't move."

"Okay," JD said softly, and Ezra paused near his face.

"Close those eyes." He pressed a brief kiss to each eye, and smiled and nodded when JD shut them, opened them in a squint to check that Ez was happy, and then closed them again. "Beautiful," he murmured, and a shiver ran through JD's still body.

He waited silently for Ezra's next move, feeling strangely vulnerable, the tender skin of his inner arms exposed, aching, uncertain, but willing to trust in whatever Ezra wanted to do.

The sheet was dragged off of him and JD sighed quietly, sure that green gaze was contemplating him again. There was no sound but the voices downstairs, until the bed creaked. He felt the movement the same moment he heard it, the mattress dipping beside his hips.

He expected the first touch to be near his waistline, maybe even straight to his groin, so the light scrape of a fingernail from the crook of his elbow along the line of his inner arm up to his armpit sent a shudder through him. The touch didn't --quite-- tickle. Instead his entire world sharpened to just that touch. The scratch on his arm burned and he wondered if the welt was already rising. He shuddered again as Ezra's tongue soothed over it, leaving a long, cooling line of moisture. Ezra blew over it, and the coolness deepened.

He shook. The touch was nothing. Lighter than any caress. And yet he could think of nothing else. The mattress shifted again, but before he could drag his mind back to figure out where the next touch would come from, it was there, a trio of nails dragging along the top of his foot, each seeming to follow the vulnerable line of a prominent bone. He arched his feet, and a pair of hands gripped his ankles, forcing them back to stillness.

The tongue again followed the line of the welts, one after the other. He knew his own body, could almost see the red lines darkening against his perennially pale skin. Even the brief color of sunburn from last week had already gone, leaving barely a trace of its presence. Ezra's tongue dragged up one line, then a second and the third, each time ending at the same point on his ankle, and he whimpered, wanting that touch to stay. Instead it vanished and he waited, desperately trying to stop the trembling deep inside from spreading so that Ezra could feel it.

"Shhh," he heard, the word so quiet the sound was almost lost in the depths of the room. A finger trailed from the tip of his chin down his throat, over his adams' apple, and he swallowed, feeling it bob under Ezra's gentle finger, then down, stopping in the dip of his collarbone. A second touch joined it and they drifted out over his shoulders, following the lines of his bones, around, then up, the full hands sweeping slowly up his crooked arms, and then the mattress dipped on both sides of his hips as the hands twined themselves with his fingers.

JD's harsh breathing was the only sound in his ears, and then his open lips were covered, Ezra's mouth seizing and exploring as though he had never done this before. He groaned and tried to move his hands, but they were firmly pinned to the mattress, Ezra's weight resting on them and sprawled across his chest, his knees pressing high against his ribcage.

The kiss broke, "Stay still," he was reminded. The hands, then the rest of Ezra's body lifted away from him. JD tightened his hold on the bed. There was a hiss, and his whole body jerked as cold hit his right tit squarely, bubbling and tickling, icy shock jolting through him so hard he cried out, sure for a long moment that he had come. His breathing calmed, and Ezra trailed a finger through whatever it was he had sprayed onto him as it continued to fizz coldly. He half expected the second hiss of the spray can, but he still twisted his chest up, not sure if he was arching away from or towards the blinding cold that seemed to lick fire in his gut.

"Was that nice, darlin'?"

JD nodded mutely, his stomach tense. It blistered him with painful pleasure, little pinpricks of fire spearing through his chest in a line that was directly connected with his hips. Even so, he cried out helplessly when a line of the stuff hissed down from his sternum to his crotch, at first the cold and then the burn.

"The thing is," Ezra continued softly, and there was a faint thud as something hit the carpet, "that burn ointment contains an analgesic. So while it can be pleasurable here," a finger swirled around one nipple, and he whimpered, "it's less enjoyable, shall I say, further down." JD's breath caught. "Really, the better treatment for *that* burn is," something rough rubbed briefly up on side of his cock, "direct," and the other. It scraped and he just about guessed it must be stubble, "application..." Ezra's cheek rubbing against the side of his prick like a cat nuzzling a friend, and then was lost for words, "of water."

And with the word he was plunged into warmth, something icy, burning wet, the sensations so wildly different that he arched his back, driving his hips up, twisting and writhing. He wasn't sure whether he wanted to get away or to push closer. It didn't matter, and he nearly screamed when the wet heat pulled away, pushing up, desperately trying to follow.

A gentle hand on his stomach pushed him down again, and before he could gather any kind of thoughts together, the weight of Ezra's body pinned his hips. He trembled as his aching dick was grasped and the tip pressed firmly against slick flesh that parted, god, so slowly, until he was sucked inside, pulled inside out, enveloped.

A gasp above him was followed by Ezra moaning his name on a stuttering breath, "John... oh dear god..."

He opened his eyes and discovered Ezra, head back, eyes closed hands splayed on his own thighs, undulating his hips slowly, up and forward, down and back.

"Ez," he whispered, and Ezra's eyes opened, the green shuttered to black, as he watched Ezra took deeper and deeper breaths, riding a slow, steady beat, fucking himself on his cock.

Ezra gasped. The movements shifted off kilter, out of time with the drumming of the blood in his veins. He arched up; the world narrowed to just that point of contact: the slow easy thrust into wet slick heat, the bite of cold that still flickered around his cock.

"Ez, god... what the fuck--"

Ezra gasped out a breath that might have been a laugh, or might merely have been the helpless response to a particularly deep thrust, then he gulped air, his breathing speeding up and his face flushing deep red with effort. JD wanted to reach down, touch him, but couldn't release his hands from where Ezra had placed them.

He didn't need to. Moments later Ezra gasped, choked, and cried out, it almost sounded like pain, JD might have mistaken it for pain, but for the come spurting across his chest, spattering his chin as Ezra rode jerkily. His ass suddenly clenched around JD, flexing tightly as he slid in and out. He drove up hard, and Ezra stilled, breathing hard as JD closed his eyes again, coming hard, his mouth open in a soundless scream.

When he surfaced again, he half opened his eyes too exhausted to even speak at first. Ezra was leaning on his chest, chin propped on his hands, his elbows digging into JD's ribs hard enough that he thought there would be bruises. They were still joined and JD closed his eyes for a long moment, storing away the feel of the snug embrace keeping him within.

"Mornin' sleepyhead," Ezra teased, and JD chuckled.

"Can I," he cleared his throat and tried again, his voice sounding less croaky, "Can I move my hands?"

Ezra shifted and JD moaned as the motion pulled him out of him. He reached up to JD's hands and gently tugged clasping his hands and pulling them down to press a kiss on the back of each.

"Consider the debt paid," he said with a crooked grin, and JD shook his head.

"Thank you." He tugged and Ezra fell against him, briefly winding them both. He wrapped his arms around his lover, and rolled so they were side by side. "Ez? What the hell was that?"

"What?" The grin in Ezra's eyes made JD deeply suspicious, and he brushed a finger over one sticky tit and drew it cautiously up to his nose and sniffed.

"That." He held out his finger, smeared with clear goo, and waited.

"I told you, it is an ointment for alleviating burns and scalds." His eyes creased with amusement, "I don't know about you, but I feel extremely alleviated."

JD grinned, tried to speak, and instead yawned hugely. "And -- oh, the thing with your mouth?"

"Whatever can you mean?" Ezra asked coyly, eyes wide with mock innocence.

"God." JD shivered. "I don't know what you did, but it was fucking amazing."

"Language," he reproved and JD grinned up at him.

"Nah, I meant it literally."

"Touche," Ezra smirked. He slipped his arms under JD's shoulders and rested his head by JD's, stretching his legs out alongside him.

"Ya'ain't gonna say?"

"A man needs some secrets," Ezra yawned into JD's neck and then followed it with a kiss which was no more than a rubbing of his lips up the line of his throat, until he reached his ear, where he nibbled delicately.

"*Ez*," he said fiercely, and hugged him tight. He wanted to say -- well, it didn't matter, and instead he hugged tighter and said his lover's name again on a voiceless whisper. "Ez..."