
Game of seduction II 

By Jeevan < jeevan80@yahoo.com> 

After we had our first episode we all were happy and some how Asifs aunt came to know about us and on the same day she asked Asha if they were all fucking together. Asha told her,  Sabera, they are not small kids! They have grown up into nice adults so why deprive them of the pleasures? 
 No I am not against it but how can you forget me? My husband had died long ago and dont you think I have a right to enjoy all this.. so why dont you invite me for nice get together. Let it be surprise! That will be more exciting. 
So Asha told me about this and I asked her to call Sabera in the evening and hide somewhere, before the children come to us for fuck party. I had something else in mind too. I wanted to watch my Dog have his cock deep in the choot of Lubna. This was difficult but I knew when a woman is hot she can fuck even a horse! I made all preparations and let Asha call the Mrs Sabera. Mrs sabera was to have fright of her life! Asha called our neighbour and she came to our house. Sabera was beautiful with nice set of tits and roung big ass. Asha called me and told that our guest has arrived. I welcomed her and told her asha had told me everything and why she was here. Asha caught hr and lifted her sari up to show me her nice fleshy thighs. I went to Sabera and kneeled before her pushing my head deep in her sari and to the love nest. Sabera spread her thighs and caught my head showing me where her choot was. My tongue dived into her choot and her juices started to flow. She moaned and grabbed asha and held her tightly to her body. Her eyes rolled and she murmured,  Ohhh! Asha! What a pleasure your husband gives me! Ohhh Its soo long! A male touching me! Ohhh Allah! I cant wait to have him inside me> Ohhhhh! Ahhhhhh! Rub me all over Asha! and asha did not waste time either. She held her soft boobs and kissed her on the mouth . Sabera pressed her choot on my face and started to grind it, almost choking me. We were all enjoying this and the door bell rang. 
 Ohhh Sabera it must be your kids. Hide in our bedroom and watch the show. Asha said. 
I took Sabera to our bedroom and kissing her on the lips told her to enjoy and wait for the surprise of the life. She smiled at me and blushed. Ohh the Indian ladies! Always blushing. 
Asha had opened the door for Lubna and Asif and they came in laughing with Asha. Asha might have told them something to laugh at. I entered the hall and greeted my lovely Lubna. Lubna was wearing tight skirt and thin top. Her bra was visible through the thin material and she had applied dark brown lipstick, making her look sexier. Asif was in half pants and t shirt and was very happy to see us. Asha went to Asif and removed his pants fishing out his cock. His cock was about 7 inches and somewhat thick, off course, circumcised. The knob looked red and yesterdays fucking had made it tender. Asha inspected his cock and observed that the skin on the lower side near the knob had been torn. She showed me this and I said, its normal and the first fucking always does this and not to worry. Then Asha examined his asshole and Ohh it was all red and swollen. Asha kissed it and tried to console him about that,  Yeh! Let Jeevan fuck it daily and it wont swell. Thats the only solution for this. 
I removed my pants and called Lubna to me,  come on baby! Uncle is waiting for your choot. Climb on uncles lap and place that tight choot of yours right on my lund. Hurry up Uncles lund is waiting for you. 
Lubna obeyed and jumped on my waist putting her hands around my neck. I held her below her ass, supporting the lithe figure and hiking her skirt up and exposing her fresh choot. I placed my hand on the fleshy slit and rubbed it with my palm. Lubna moaned and tried to rub her cunt over my cock but could not locate it. She rubbed her hard boobs on my face and caressed me with them instead. I then found her asshole and tried o put my finger in it. It was tight and her ass muscles twitched at the touch. I watched Asha and she was feeding on the boys cock, slurping on it. She had almost all the 7 inches of cock in her mouth and was rubbing her face on his pubic hair. Ohh a real slut cocksucker she was! I called them near me so that we both males were standing near each other. Lubna turned her face to her brother and kissed him on the lips. Asif opened his mouth and I saw their tongue play with each other in a lusty embrace. I held my cock in one hand and guided it to Lubnas choot and placed my knob on the wet hole. Lubna lowered her choot and I pushed my cock from below at the same time, causing it to enter in that tight cunt to the hilt asha was watching us as she sucked Asifs cock and removing the cock from her mouth told asif,  hey boy suck that cute ass of your sister. See how it is inviting you. Lick it. Sale aapne bahan ki gaand chato aur usko mast karo. Chal mai tere niche aati hu aur tera lund choosti hu. Tu zook kar uski gand chat. 
And asha crawled below Asif who bent to lick Lubnas ass. We all were enjoying this immensely when I heard moaning from the bedroom. Ohh it was Sabera! We had forgotten her and she made her presence known to us by moaning. Asha got up and excused herself telling Asif and Lubna to close their eyes for a big surprise. I had another surprise for all including Asha which I was to disclose in the end. Both the kids closed their eyes and continued their job. Lubna fucking me and Asif licking her gand. Asha came with Sabera in the room and what a sight! Sabera had her blouse open and her nipples were hard. Her boobs heaved as she breathed faster. The sight of her niece and nephew fucking together had made her come many times. She walked as if she was drunk and then Asha told her to crawl below Asif and to suck his waiting cock. Before that Asha had Sabera naked and was fingering the excited choot of Sabera. 
Sabera crawled below Asif and took his cock in her mouth. She just took his cock head and chewed on it. Asif felt some change in the technique and opened his eyes to see who was that. OHHHhhhhh what a shock he felt! His cock jumped out of his aunts mouth and his body stiffened. He cried,  Ohhh My god! Its you Aunty! 
Yes its me my boy. Your Aunt! I watched you all getting it on and thought to join the fun. Ohhh god! See that slut Lubna! Dancing on that big Lund! Ohh see her pussy! Its full of that rod! Ohhhhh! Come on Asif give me your Lund and lick that sluts asshole dear. Ohhhh give me! Yyeessssss! Come on Asha lick my choot lick suck the pussy. I feel so high with aallll this! After so many years! 
Lubna heard her aunt and jumped on my cock taking all 9 inches in that tight choot. Ohhh aunty! You too joined the fun! Oohh God lets all enjoy. Suck his cock aunty! drink his come! Swallow it down your throat then lick me and lick the come of Uncle Jeevan from my choot! Asha aunty suck her choot and make her hot for us. Sabera was now sucking Asifs cock in earnest taking all of it deep in her mouth. She also tickled his balls holding each in hand and weighing them alternately. 
Now Asif was coming and shot his wad deep in his aunts mouth. Sabera felt the hot jism in her mouth and jerked her choot over Ashas mouth crying out loudly as she came too. Seeing all the action around me I came deep in Lubnas choot. Lubna too came feeling my jism in her choot and jumped on my lund driving the jerking monster deep in her cunt. 
Asha did not come but observed everything and rubbed her own choot with her entire hand and came. We all were satisfied but wanted more. Sabera was looking at my cock thirstily and asked Asha if she can fuck me and offered Asifs Lund to her instead. Sabera did not wait even to see her reaction but grabbed my now semi hard cock and thrust it in her mouth. Now was the time to bring in the third cock THE DOGGIE COCK. I asked Asha to bring our German shepherd in the room and told her he was up on the terrace. Asha looked at me questioningly and went to obey me. Meanwhile Lubna was busy sucking Asifs cock and looking at her aunt sucking me. My cock soon became hard and I asked Sabera to roll her tits over my cock. Sabera caught her soft boobs and brought them to my cock and placed my cock between them. I felt the soft flesh rubbing on my cock and asked Sabera to tit fuck me. Sabera caught my cock between the twin melons and rolled both the breasts with her hands. I felt my cock rolling between them and ooohhhhhhhhh it was heaven! We all heard the dog barking and Asha entered with the huge German shepherd. 

Husbands and wives are welcome to invite me and I will definitely service their wives with them watching. Comments /suggestions are welcome. All the husbands out there who wish to see their wives getting fucked by stranger Please feel free to write to me, I will try to fulfill your fantasy.. Any husband wants me to do this to his wife? Any wife wants me? All are welcome. I solve sexual problems as well as marriage problems. Confidentiality assured and expected too. Any girl wishes to learn? All ladies and horny girls are welcome. I love young girls too. Want to play roles for real? Feel free to write. 
Send your comments/ suggestions to me at Jeevan<jeevan80@yahoo.com> 


Next in part III  




<Back To Pages>

