Hello to all the fans of this site. I am Kanika from Mumbai and I am going to tell you my real story of lovemaking with my younger brother. It happened, oh, about five years ago, but it will remain in my memory forever.

My younger brother Gaurav and I were always very close to each other. He used to be very naughty when he was a little kid, and always got in trouble with mom and dad. I used to try and protect him often because sometimes dad would get real upset,

and smack him when he did some mischief. Every time he got a beating, Gaurav would come to me and cry, and beg me to let him sleep with me that night. So as we grew older, we became very close and are the best of buddies even today.

Well, this story is about what happened five years ago. Gaurav was in college, and lived with my parents in Mumbai. He was 20 at the time, and I was 23. I studying in US and was visiting home after two years. My parents and Gaurav were very happy at my visit.

I was told on the phone that Mom and Dad would not be there to welcome me when I arrived home. They had to go to Delhi for attending a wedding and would be back after two days. Gaurav came to the airport to receive me.

I was so happy to see my dear brother after a gap of two years. We hugged each other and I kissed him on the cheeks. Then we drove to sweet home and in the way we talked about a lot of things from the childhood days to the present times.

Both of us were delighted to meet each other. We reached home at about 7 p.m. and Gaurav told me that he had to take an important class test the next day so he wouldn't be able to stay up late with me for chatting.

He would be free from the next day to attend me full time. He led me to my room and I went for a shower. After shower, I went to his room to know where our maidservant had gone. Gaurav was in the shower. I picked up a book from his study table and began to read it.

After sometime I heard his footsteps behind me. I turned around. He was vigorously scrubbing his head with the towel, which covered his face, and so he didn't see me. He was completely naked. I gasped in surprise, and that startled him.

He pulled the towel off his head and looked at me in surprise. "Oh Kanu! When did you get in?" He always called me Kanu. "Just now," I replied, looking at the gorgeous cock dangling between his legs. It was long, and even in the soft condition, it looked beautiful.

Gaurav realized he was naked, and quickly covered himself with the towel. "Where is Meena (our maid)?" "She's gone to her village and we'll dine at some restaurant." "OK. By the way, you have grown up, Gaurav. You look great."

Gaurav blushed, and said, "Thanks, Kanu. You look good, too. Now can I go and put something on? I feel awkward standing like this in front of you." "If you insist. But I don't mind you walking around in towel." I said, looking at his body, "You are in great shape, Gaurav.

Do you work out?" "Yeah, whenever I have time". He said," Are you hungry?" "A bit." " Let's go out. I'll take you to a wonderful place." he said. I was watching him sitting on the bed as he was combing his hair. He turned to look at me.

"Are you going to sit here and watch me get dressed, or what?" "Sure. Why not?" "Fine, please yourself," Gaurav shrugged his shoulders, and removed his towel. He looked at me, to see my reaction. I smiled at him, and turned my attention to his cock,

which was beginning to get hard. I looked at him again, and winked. "You really have a nice cock, brother." Gaurav blushed again, and said, "Shut up, will you? You are my sister, for God's sake." "But not a saint, mind you."

"What do you mean, Kanika? Are you trying to seduce me, or something?" "No. I am just admiring your body, you goof. Just like you would like to look at a well-endowed woman." Gaurav laughed, as he began putting on his clothes.

"Well, that's different. The women I look at are not my sisters, and most of the time they are fully dressed." "But I am sure you do imagine how they would look naked. So if you get a chance to see a beautiful, naked woman, would you not look at her?"

"Sure I would. I am not a saint, either." "That's just my point. I got a chance to look at a handsome hunk of a male in the nude, and I looked. Don't make a big deal about it. I've seen you naked before." "Yeah. But that was many years ago, when I was a little kid."

"Nothing has changed on your anatomy, except everything got a little bigger. Some parts, a lot bigger." Gaurav shook his head. "I don't believe you. If you were not my sister, I'd swear you were trying to seduce me. Now come on, and let's have something to eat."

We had a good dinner at Gaurav's favourite restaurant. By the time we got back, it was past 10 PM. "What time is your test, Gaurav?" I asked. "It will start at 9:30. I am done with the matter. Just need to revise! I'll probably be up until midnight," he replied.

"That's terrible. I am not sleepy as yet. You think we can just sit around a chat for a while, or do you have to pick the books right away?" "No, I can chat with you. In fact, I'd love to, Kanu. We haven't seen each other in such a long time."

Gaurav sank in the sofa, and pulled me down. I fell on top of him. He hugged me tightly, and said, "I'm so happy to see you, Sis. I love you." "I love you, too," I hugged him back, and kissed him on the lips. We held each other, enjoying the embrace.

Then I slid out of his arms and sat down next to him. "Tell me about your love life, Gaurav." "Love life? There is none." "I see. But you are smart enough to flirt with the girls." "Thanks." He turned and put his arms around my shoulders, and pulled me closer.

"I am so glad to see you, my sweet sister. You look great. Looks like you also work out." "A little. I am not a fanatic about it. Just enough to keep the tummy tucked in and hips from getting bigger, that's all." "You are doing fine.

Stand up, and let me look at you." I got up, and stood before, him. Standing on my toes, I thrust my chest out and slowly twirled around to give him a good look. Gaurav clapped, and said, "Oh Kanu.You are a knockout.

To be frank with you, I wouldn't mind looking at you naked, now that you have seen me in the nude." I laughed, and said, "Oh, really. Well, I'll think about it." We chatted about things for a while. I was beginning to get sleepy. "I think I need to go to bed now."

I got up, and kissed him goodnight, and went to change. After brushing my teeth, I took a hot shower, which always helps me to relax at the end of the day. I took out my nightie and put it on. Looking in the mirror, I realized that it didn't hide much, because it was quite sheer.

I usually wear nothing underneath when I sleep, but that day I wore panties. I have a good figure, and I am quite proud of it. I usually keep my bush trimmed, but didn't have time to do it before leaving. So the bush was kind of thick, and it showed through the nightie.

I put on the panty, and went out in the kitchen to get a glass of water. Gaurav had also changed, and was wearing just his boxers. He was making coffee for himself. I got the glass of water and walked over to him.

He looked up at me, and gave a slow whistle. "Wow, Kanu. You are a babe, Sis." He sat up, looking with admiration at me. I smiled at him, and slowly turned around. "Now we are even." "No, we are not. I was naked.

You still have this thing on. If you want to be even, then take it all off," he said as we were walking to the living room. "Are you daring me?" "If that's the way you want it." I pulled the nightie off in one swift motion, and stood before him.

Gaurav's mouth was open, and his eyes were big, staring at my bust. I felt a shiver down my spine as I watched his eyes moving from one breast to the other, and looking at my crotch, which was still covered.

He shifted uncomfortably on the sofa, and I noticed that he was reacting to my semi-nakedness. I smiled at him, and said, "Satisfied?" "Wow. They are just gorgeous," Gaurav said, licking his lips, without even looking at me.

His eyes were riveted on my breasts, which I have to admit, were gorgeous. There is no sag to them at all, and that is something to be proud of when you are a size 38B. "I would never have guessed, Kanu, that you have such perfect tits.

Most of the time you wear such baggy clothes, it's hard to tell." "Thanks, Gaurav. I like my figure." "So do I," he said, slowly getting up. I watched him, as he tried to adjust his crotch to hide his arousal. "Don't bother. I already saw it.

You are hard, aren't you?" "I am sorry, Kanu. I shouldn't react like this. You are my sister." I took his hand in mine, and said, "Don't feel bad. Don't you see that I am also reacting to you?" I placed his hand against my breast, pressing it into the hardened nipple.

"Please, Kanu. Don't do that," he stammered, but his hand stayed on my breast. I put my arm around his neck and pulled his head toward me. I kissed him lightly on the lips and said, "It is natural to react to a naked body, Gaurav.

Get over this shame and appreciate the beauty of what you see. I am not ashamed to look at you. Just look at that tent in your shorts. It looks gorgeous. Take the shorts off and let me see your hard cock."

Gaurav looked at me pleadingly, struggling with the conflict between arousal and guilt. I pulled him in my arms and hugged him. I pressed my breasts against his chest, and my pelvis against his arousal. He was stiff like a pole, and was poking into my belly.

I pinched him on his behind, and stepped away. Quickly I stepped out of my panty, and said, "Now. Take it off. Let's both be naked. Then we will be even." Gaurav still hesitated. "I don't know, Kanu." His eyes were now fixed on the bush between my legs.

I grabbed the elastic waist bend of his shorts, and yanked them down. Wordlessly, he stepped out of them, and sank to his knees on the carpet. He put his arms around my waist, and pulled me closer. Gently he kissed my bush, and caressed my butt.

"You are so beautiful and sexy, Kanu. Please forgive me for reacting this way to you." I sank to the carpet and took his face in my hands. "My sweet brother. There is no shame in nudity, and there is no shame in admitting our attraction to the opposite sex.

I know we are brother and sister, but human body is the same, regardless of relationships. And when you love someone like we love each other, there is no reason for this guilt, darling. You are aroused by a beautiful female body, just as I am aroused by a handsome male body."

"But what good is that going to do, Kanu? It's not like we are lovers, and can make out when we are turned on." "I understand, Gaurav. But why do you deprive yourself of the pleasure of seeing a naked woman whom you love very much? We have been so close all our lives.

Remember, you even used to sleep with me in my bed many times?" "But that was a long time ago. I was only eight or ten." "No. You used to sleep with me till your were fifteen. Don't you think I could feel you growing up when you used to cuddle up to me at night?"

"What are you talking about?" "You are such a goof.I still remember how you used to take your cock out of your night dress and play with it. You thought you were being very careful, but I knew what you were doing.

I could feel your jerking movements and hear your grunts. Sometimes your cock would press into my back when you had your leg over me." "My god, Kanu. And you didn't say anything." "No. Do you know why?" "Why?"

"Because I knew you were trying to learn about your growing sexuality, and it was safe to do it with me. I was also curious at first what you were doing that caused the bed to shake so much. So one time I watched you."

"I am so embarrassed," Gaurav said, looking away. I thought I saw tears in his eyes, so I turned his face toward me. He was almost on the verge of crying. I pulled him in my arms and caressed his head. "Oh Gaurav.

Why are you so sad and ridden with guilt, darling? I am your sister. You can talk to me. Don't you think I would understand, after what I just told you?" Gaurav held me tightly, and said, "I love you so much, Kanu.

I know what you are saying makes sense, but it's hard not to feel guilty. You are my sister." "Okay, so I am. Let's get past that. All your guilt hasn't stopped your body from reacting to me, has it? Look how hard your cock is now,"

I reached down and put my fingers around the shaft. "And it's hot, too. You are really turned on, sweetheart. Let me help you." "But why? I feel so terrible," he tried to push my hand away. "Because I love you, my brother. Now just relax and enjoy."

I pushed him down on the carpet, and straddled his legs. Bending forward, I kissed his cock, and rolled it around in my hand, squeezing the throbbing mass of meat gently. Gaurav moaned with pleasure, and closed his eyes, resigned to the whole situation.

I smiled, knowing he wanted it. My heart was filled with love for him. I gently massaged the shaft, pumping him slowly and kissing the tip. Gaurav's hips began to jerk with increasing urgency as I caressed and pumped him.

I watched his balls contract, as he got closer to orgasm. He was moaning loudly now, and began lifting himself off the carpet against my pumping hand. I got off his legs, and knelt beside him, resting my head on his flat tummy.

I watched the throbbing shaft as it jerked in my hands. Gaurav groaned loudly, and thrust sharply upwards. I watched in amazement as big globs of semen shot forth from the purple tip of his cock, making a beautiful arc in the air and splashing on his legs and belly.

It happened so fast that I couldn't duck quickly enough, and got a shot of it in my face as the cock jerked spasmodically in my hand. It was sticky and slippery now, and continued to dribble more semen as Gaurav's frenzy subsided.

He gave a long sigh of relief, and tried to get up. I pulled on the shrinking cock to squeeze out the last drops of fluid from it, and then licked my fingers. "It tastes very nice, Gaurav." "Oh, Sis. I never came so hard before. I love you." I hugged him, and kissed him on the lips.

He wrapped his arms around me, and gently swung me around, and pushed me down on the carpet. He kissed me back, as his hand reached for my breast. "Let me return the favor, Kanu." "Well. I want to see how you do it." He smiled and pinched my nipple hard.

I winced, and said, "No rough stuff, brother. I have a very low threshold for pain." "Sorry. I will be gentle. I love you so much, that I want to treat you like a beautiful, delicate rose." His shyness and guilt had disappeared. Gaurav got busy right away.

He started caressing my breasts, playing with them, kneading the firm flesh and kissing, licking and sucking the hard nipples. Once in a while he would come up and kiss me. When he did that again, I grabbed his head and kissed him back,

forcing my tongue between his lips. We opened out mouths and kissed each other deeply. It was like a bolt of electricity passing through my spine. He tasted so wonderful and erotic, that I could feel the tingling in my pussy.

We held each other tightly, smothering each other with repeated, deep kisses like two lovers in heat. Gaurav broke off the kiss, and said, "Oh, Kanu. Did you know I have dreamed about this so often? I could never admit it to myself, but ever since I became aware of my sexuality,

I have wanted to kiss you like this. I knew you would taste so sweet like nothing else in this world, and now I have tasted that sweetness. Oh, I love you so much, my heart aches." I pulled him down, and said, "I know, darling.

I have always known that you had the hots for me." "I didn't realize I was so obvious." "You were. Now stop talking and get busy. Lick my pussy, sweetheart." "I thought you'd never ask." Gaurav shouted with delight, and immediately slid down between my legs.

I opened them for him, and he stopped. With an expression bordering on awe, he stared at my pussy, outlined in the silky border of the now wet pubic hair. "It is so beautiful, Kanu. I can't get over how sexy it looks. And your clit... it's already so red."

"That's because I am turned on, you dummy. Now do something about it before I sit on your face and choke you." "Okay, okay. Get ready for the most erotic pleasure ride of your life." Gaurav dove in, and I let out a moan as soon as his tongue slurped across my slit,

brushing my inflamed clitoris with its rough surface. "Oh, God. It feels so good, Brother. Don't stop now." Gaurav continued his assault on my dripping hole, licking and sucking the lips and folds. He stuck his tongue into the opening and began drinking the juice.

I could feel his tongue pushing more and more inside, and wondered how long it was. His lips brushed my clitoris constantly, causing me to stiffen with pleasure. I was on fire. I grabbed his head and began jerking my hips against his mouth.

Gaurav spread my legs all the way out, exposing my pussy and opening it wide. Holding them apart like that, he started sucking me with a fierceness that drove me to the point of insanity. I tightened my fists and pressing my arms against the carpet to get leverage,

lifted my hips against his unrelenting mouth. I screamed, and bucked as waves of orgasm swept through my body. Grabbing my breasts and clutching them for dear life, I jerked my hips against his mouth, screaming my head off as the orgasms kept coming like tidal waves.

Finally, I went limp and collapsed, gasping desperately for breath. Gaurav pulled back and sat between my legs, his face smeared with my love juices. He kept looking at my vibrating pussy lips as the tremors of orgasm slowly subsided.

My legs and thighs were soaked in the juices from the pussy, and my whole pubic area was wet. He looked at me and smiled. "How was that, Sis?" Gaurav asked, stretching alongside me, and putting his arms around me. "Heavenly, darling.

You were just great. I never came so hard in my life. You are a wonderful pussy eater." "I am so thrilled that I could give you this pleasure. I have thought about it for years. Thanks for letting do it." We hugged and lay there on the carpet,

our naked bodies entwined in the loving embrace. After several minutes, Gaurav got up, and grabbed his shorts. "Time to get up, Sis. I have to study. Let me help you up." He grabbed my hand and pulled me to my feet. Handing me the nightie, he said,

"You better get your beauty sleep." He slapped me playfully on my butt and pushed me towards the bedroom. The next morning, I woke up feeling very lightheaded, and my whole body was relaxed and peaceful. I took a shower and got dressed.

When I came out, Gaurav was already in the kitchen, making breakfast. He was still wearing his shorts. I sneaked up behind him, and reaching around, grabbed his cock from outside. "Good morning, brother." "Good morning, Kanu. Did you sleep well?"

He turned around, pushing my hand away. "Never slept so well, thanks to you." "My pleasure. Now sit down over there, and let me serve you my special breakfast." It was delicious. He went to his room while I was eating breakfast, and had a shower.

Soon he was ready to leave for college. He kissed me before getting into his car and I wished him luck for the test. When he got back that evening, there was an awkward silence between us. Gaurav finally cleared his throat, and said, "Listen, Kanu.

I have been thinking about what happened last night. It was the most beautiful experience for me. How about you?" "For me, too. Are you feeling guilty about it?" "Surprisingly, no. What you said last night started making so much sense to me as I thought about it during the day.

I realized I was missing out on a beautiful aspect of love, which is trust, caring and genuine affection for the other person. The intimacy is the ultimate token of this feeling of oneness where nothing else matters except the love in our hearts."

"I couldn't have said it better, Gaurav. I am so glad you feel this way, because I have never enjoyed such intimacy more than I did last night." "Great. You are so precious, my darling sister. I will love you forever."

He took me in his arms and we held each other. It felt good. He nuzzled his nose in my hair, and then kissed me lightly on the neck. "What do you want to do tonight?" "I don't know what can top last night, Gaurav. Did you have something in mind?"

"Let's just leave it till night." After a leisurely dinner, we got back home. I was feeling a bit off guard, because of beer. I leaned on Gaurav as we got into the apartment, and collapsed on the sofa. Gaurav changed, and then brought a wet towel from the bathroom,

and splashed it across my face. "Come on, Kanu. Change and go to bed. It's past 10 p.m." "Help me up, Gaurav. I think I had too much beer." "You sure did. Are you all right?" Gaurav asked, concerned. "Yes, I am fine. I just don't have enough strength to do anything.

Be a sweetheart and start the shower for me." I stumbled into the bedroom and managed to get undressed. I walked into the bathroom where Gaurav was adjusting the water temperature. I said to him, "Why don't you join me, brother?

You also shower before bed, don't you?" "Yes," he replied without looking back at me. Then he turned and saw me standing naked. His eyes roamed all over me, and then came to rest on my face. "You want us to take the shower together?" "Yes.

It will be fun, just like when we were kids." "Are you sure? Don't blame me for what happens because you are already turning me on standing naked like that." "I know, I know. Stop arguing and get in," I said, stepping under the shower.

Gaurav quickly undressed and joined me. We began soaping each other and scrubbing each other's backs. He reached around and cupped my breasts, at the same time pressing his partially hard cock between my buttocks.

I pressed back against him and said, "Hold me like this, Gaurav. It feels good." After a few minutes of soaping and fondling and scrubbing the upper body, Gaurav turned his attention below the waist. He cupped my crotch and rubbed his palm vigorously against it.

Soon, we were playing with each other, soaping the genitals and arousing each other. He was hard and throbbing with excitement, and he could also feel the slippery wetness of my pussy. We got out of the shower and dried each other.

With an impulse, he picked me up in his arms and carried me out into the bedroom, and put me down. Kissing me on the lips, he said, "Tonight I'll sleep with you, just like when we were kids." "Wonderful. But on one condition. No clothes.

I want to feel your naked body against mine." "No problem." We got in under the sheet, and embraced each other. We were like two long lost lovers, caressing and exploring each other, driving each other to higher and higher levels of sexual ecstasy.

Gaurav pushed me down on my back, and rolled on top of me. "Kanu, I want to make love to you. We have come so far in this that I can't turn back. Please don't say no." I was taken by surprise. I knew we had been more than intimate with each other,

but I never thought we would get this far. I thought for a moment. Sensing my hesitation, Gaurav began to roll off me. I held him tightly, and said, "Wait, Gaurav. Give me a moment to think about it. It's kind of sudden, you know.

If we do it, we would be permanently crossing the boundary. You realize that, don't you?" "Yes. I know it would be incest, but we have already crossed the boundary last night, don't you think? Now the only thing we have not experienced is the intercourse.

Would it make any difference at this point?" "No, you are right. All right. I want you to make love to me, darling. I want my brother to love me." "Oh, Sis. I am so happy now. It will be good. I promise." "I know it will be good. I can feel it,"

I said, reaching for his cock. It had grown big and stiff and was throbbing. I opened my legs and welcomed him between my thighs. Gaurav slid forward, his cock pressing against the folds of my pussy, which was already soaking wet.

Slowly and lovingly, he pressed forward. I could feel the tip of his cock push aside the folds at the opening and slide in. The lubrication from the secretions made it easier for him to penetrate, but it was still tight, because his cock was really hard and thick.

I pulled him down and kissed him as he jerked his hips. Suddenly the whole shaft was buried to the hilt in my pussy. Gaurav moaned with pleasure, and said, "Oh my god, Kanu. You are so wonderfully tight; it feels like my cock is gripped in a velvet fist.

I have wanted to experience this feeling for a long time, but I couldn't even allow myself to think about it." "Don't talk so much, Gaurav. Thrust it in me and make love to me. I want to feel it slide in and out, and scream my head off when I come." "Okay.

Get ready for a wild ride." Gaurav raised himself slightly, and rammed his cock in with a single, powerful thrust. The hard shaft rubbed across my clitoris, causing me to catch my breath. I moaned with pleasure, and relaxed, enjoying the repeated,

deep thrusts of Gaurav's wonderful cock. In a short time, I was on the verge of a major climax. I clamped my legs around his waist as he plunged his cock into me, and thrust upward. I screamed as my body began to shake with the first wave of orgasm.

Gaurav grabbed my waist and rammed again and again. I could feel his cock getting thicker, and I knew he was coming close to his orgasm as well. I needed another big one before he came. I squeezed my muscles and rotated my hips as he came down.

He didn't expect the tightening of my pussy like that, and suddenly his eyes opened in surprise as his balls churned and a powerful jet of semen erupted into my womb. He grunted like a wild animal, thrusting repeatedly as I tumbled over with another powerful orgasm,

triggered by his eruption. We kept thrusting at each other, our genitals locked in a tight, loving embrace, until we had drained ourselves completely. Finally, he collapsed on top of me, our bodies drenched in perspiration and the labor of our love.

We kissed each other, and smiled. We lay in each other's arms, and sometime much later, fell asleep, still locked in the intimate embrace. That was the only time we made love, but the memory will always be precious for me, as I know it is for Gaurav.

We became much closer to each other since that night five years ago. He has a girl friend now who does not know anything about what happened between Gaurav and me, and I haven't told my husband anything either.

Gaurav and I know that they would not understand, and would be terribly shocked and hurt. So it is still our little secret. Whenever Gaurav and I get together during holidays and family reunions, we reminisce about it,

knowing that those moments of ecstasy five years ago were the most precious memories that we will always cherish. We talk about doing it again if the circumstances were right, but haven't made any efforts to make it happen.

If an opportunity came our way again, I know we would not hesitate for a moment to enjoy the union of our bodies and souls with each other.
