Disclaimer: I do not own Yu-Gi-Oh or Dragonheart; they both belong to their respective owners. I merely own bits of the plot and Kysen.

Chapter Sixteen: War Cries 

With freedom and peace to fight for,
The villagers marched off to war. 

The stars seemed dimmer tonight, fitting since it matched his mood. His eyes automatically sought out the dragon constellation in the sky, leaning back against Atem's warmth with a sigh. At least his lover was back to normal, and was sleeping off the deer he had just consumed. Yugi gave a faint smile, running his hand over the dragon's head, earning a purr from the creature. His smile disappeared, still not perfectly content. Seto was still at the mercy of Gozaburo, and Yugi had a feeling that it would end badly for his cousin unless something was done. He leaned forward and rested his hands against his knees.

"What's bothering you, my heart?" the warm breath across his back relaxed him. Yugi turned his head slightly to see Atem, leaning back against the dragon. He glanced at his side where Kysen lay, fast asleep, chuckling at the grip that the baby had on the tip of Atem's tail. Assured that his son was fine, Yugi looked at the dragon, Atem gently nudging his leg with the tip of his muzzle. In response, Yugi held open his arms, inviting Atem to rest his head in his lap and cuddling the dragon close when Atem accepted his invitation.

"All of this. It's gone too far and we're the ones that have to stop it." He paused, looking over where Kisara slept, Paladin curled around her. Yugi remembered her crying herself to sleep, trying to hold the sobs in before finally allowing them loose, but even then they were muffled. She was trying to be strong despite of all that had happened. Even Bakura, Ryou and Marik were looking hassled, the usual ease of their interaction fading. This whole idea was stretching them to their limits, when they all just wanted to find a place where they could relax.

He ran a hand over his face, tipping his head to look back at the stars. "I have a duty to my people, but I spend all the time wishing that we could go back south, away from all of this. I hate that I ran away for so long, I hate that I was too weak to fight back. But, I wouldn't trade any of my time with you to get what I want. We're all so close to breaking."

Atem nodded in agreement, crimson eyes rolling up to look at the stars as well. They spent a few moments in companionable silence before Atem gently pressed closer to Yugi. "You would be a great king, Yugi. I know it."

"But…"

The dragon snorted, the sound cutting Yugi off. "You would be a great king, that doesn't mean that you should be king. You have a cousin that could do the job well enough, and the peasants would accept him. It is fine to want something for yourself."

"I'm their prince, Atem."

"I understand that, Yugi. But you always have the choice to abdicate, and then you'll be free." Yugi heard the implied 'and you could stay with me', even if Atem didn't voice it. He stroked the dragon, his arms tightening around Atem's head. It was still a frightening concept; that everything that they had built together could be torn apart in mere moments. And it left them clinging to each other in desperation, not wanting to be broken past the point of no return. Because they both knew that they would fail if that happened. Atem gave a hum as Yugi found the one spot above his eye. "And then it would be just you, me and Kysen; as long as we live."

"Sounds nice." The prince found the dragon constellation in the sky, smiling as he stared at in. In a way, it resembled Atem. But, in a way, it resembled every dragon that he had seen if one looked at it right. He tipped his head to the side, listening to Atem laugh as the dragon watched him.

"What are you doing?"

"Star gazing." Atem looked up at the sky, Yugi guiding him to the constellation that he was looking at. "That one."

"Oh." Atem sobered for a minute before laughing, the sound slightly strained. "My least favorite of all the stars in the sky."

"Why?"

"It's a reminder of everything." Atem stared at Yugi, the prince clearly seeing the debate in his lover's eyes before the dragon looked back at the constellation. "The stories say that the first Morningstar created that out of her own body, a place for all the good dragons to go after their lives. They say that, because she gave up her life for every dragon, the gods put her likeness, and the likeness of every other Morningstar up there, as a reminder and for a guardian for our heaven. Every time I look up there, I see me. It's like a death sentence."

"I can see you up there," Yugi pressed a kiss to Atem's head as the dragon squirmed, "but I can also see others. It's a matter of perspective. But, that's a nice story, better than the ones that we have."

"And what's that?"

"Our fates are predetermined, but the priests always talk about how the nobility are sure to go to heaven in the end. Still, we never know. But people still try, even knowing that they might not get into paradise." Yugi shook his head. "I don't know what to think about it. I just feel that it might not be right."

"Sounds wrong." Atem was drifting back to sleep, encouraged by Yugi's rubbing fingers and his full stomach, the human laughing at the sleepy yawn that the dragon gave. Atem scowled at him before pushing Yugi back onto the ground, nudging his shirt out of the way before pressing his muzzle to the exposed skin.

Yugi clamped a hand over his mouth to keep from moaning too loud and waking Kysen. He was never prepared for how hot Atem was compared to his own body temperature. And it felt so good. Yugi pulled Atem's muzzle back down when the dragon went to move away, staring at his lover through lust filled eyes. The dragon smirked before purring, the vibrations making Yugi arch up, gasping for air as he breathed, "Atem, oh gods, please."

The dragon chuckled, but pulled his head away, keeping it low enough to hover over the frustrated human. Yugi made a weak swipe at Atem, the dragon easily pulling away from the blow, still laughing as Yugi pouted. "Spoil sport."

"Now, love, would you want to wake Kysen?" Yugi settled for a glare instead of a retort, preferring that to anything he could come up with. The prince sat up, stiffening and gasping as Atem worked the back of his shirt up and pressed his muzzle against the skin there. "On second thought, there are others who would watch him." Yugi nodded as he felt Atem begin to nuzzle his back, the action causing the shirt to ride up more. Impatiently, the prince tore the article of clothing off, nearly screaming as Atem took the moment to press his head against Yugi's back, feeling the claws of one foreleg beginning to carefully trace up his leg. "Or, you could just be really quiet."

Yugi was about to agree with Atem when he heard hoof beats, head turning in the direction of the sound. Usually Atem would have heard anyone coming close and stopped. But, apparently, Yugi had distracted him sufficiently enough to nearly ignore his surroundings. His thoughts disappeared the next moment as he felt Atem run his tongue along his spine, gasping at the feeling.

"Find some other human to molest, dragon." Atem growled, looking up from over Yugi's shoulder as Mahad rode into their clearing, the other dragons looking up at the sound. Yugi scurried for Kysen as the baby began to cry, angry at being woken suddenly from his sleep. He cooed to the infant, Atem curling closer to them. Kysen kept his grip on Atem's tail, a wince passing through the dragon showing that it had changed into a death grip at the sudden fear of seeing a strange man.

Mahad glared at Atem and Yugi, ignoring the growling dragon. "Put your shirt back on, we have to talk."

"Busy right now. You'll have to wait." Yugi felt odd snapping at his instructor like this, but he was feeling slightly angry himself. Mahad had no right to tell his lover off like that and Kysen had woken up, which meant that he would be occupied for a while calming the infant back down so they could sleep. Right now, he didn't want to hear anything Mahad had to say, especially since most of it was aimed at Atem. Out of petty spite, he stayed shirtless for a few moments longer until he remembered that Kisara was there was well, leaving Kysen in Atem's care as he hurried to pull the article of clothing back on, blushing furiously.

He was reaching out to accept Kysen from Atem when Kisara intercepted the infant, sitting back down on the ground with a smile. She nodded at where Mahad was tying his horse to a low branch. "You and Atem go and listen to him, he might have a plan to save Seto." Yugi sighed, Kisara taking the agreement as a sign of indecision. "Please, if we have one chance…"

Yugi gave a stiff nod, walking over to his former mentor with Atem at his side. The prince tensed as Mahad turned around quickly, scowling at the presence of the dragon before motioning Bakura and Ryou over. The two dragged themselves from the warmth that Marik offered, looking like they were going to fall asleep on their feet as Mahad crossed his arms. "The peasants have had enough, they plan to strike at the next possible moment." At Atem's snort of disbelief, Mahad glared at the dragon. "I've seen them and they are competent enough to take Gozaburo as his guard is now. They request your help with this overthrow."

"Me?"

"They think you have some sort of power over that beast." Mahad motioned at Atem, earning a growl from the dragon.

"'That beast' is standing right here and can understand everything that you are saying." Yugi rested a hand on Atem, calming the dragon down.

"Atem and I could help with the dragons."

"That's all I wanted to ask." Mahad glanced up at Atem before rolling his eyes, looking in disgust at the assembled dragons. "But, apparently, we'll have even more help than before."

Yugi shook his head. "Those two don't take part in this at all. We don't want them to get hurt."

"I suppose this 'we' is you and that creature."

Yugi silenced another growl from Atem, now scowling at his mentor. "Yes, because Atem and I care about what happens to our friends."

"They're not even intelligent-"

"Mahad." Yugi snapped out the name of his mentor as he patience shattered, the sound startling the knight into silence. The prince gave a sharp nod and crossed his arms, leaning back slightly. "I will help you with this, but I will not tolerate you insulting the dragons. Are we clear?"

The knight gave a disgusted snort. "You sound like that dragon."

Yugi bit his lip to keep from commenting, turning his head away before sighing and looking back at his mentor. He was furious with Mahad for being so thick-headed, but he was too tired to keep it up. Right now he just wanted to curl up with Atem and sleep, but Mahad would expect them to go to the peasants to oversee the rebellion. He sighed and rubbed his forehead, relaxing when he felt Atem press his head against his back. Absentmindedly, Yugi reached back to pet the dragon, eyes going unfocused for a moment as Atem purred.

Mahad cleared his throat, bringing Yugi out of his daze and making Atem remove himself from Yugi. The prince nearly whimpered at the loss of contact, needing something to keep him from lashing out at the knight. He glanced down at the ground as he took a deep breath, slowly looking up at Mahad with a nod. "We'll follow you and speak to the leaders of this rebellion tonight."

The knight turned and strode back to his horse, leaving the small council to scatter. Yugi slumped and shuffled back over to Kysen, accepting him from Kisara and gently rocking the baby as he waited for the others to assemble. He jumped as the leather of his pack bumped gently against his side, smiling as he accepted the pack from Atem. The expression wavered as he looked at Atem for a moment, lowering his eyes as the dragon draped a wing over him, ducking his head to join Yugi under the wing.

Contact was reestablished instantly, Atem pressing his head against Yugi's side, both of them heaving a long sigh at the presence of the other. Hesitantly, Yugi placed a hand on Atem, leaning back against the dragon's head as he shivered. "I'm with you no matter what, Yugi."

"Let's get this over with." The prince reluctantly stepped away from Atem, waiting for Kisara and Mahad, who were both on horseback, to start off before following. Atem trailed behind him, always staying close enough that Yugi could feel his body heat, the simple presence of the dragon relaxing him.

Once they were all following Mahad, Yugi looked back over the group, closing his eyes with a sigh. They all looked so worn down. There was no way that the peasants would accept them like this. Apparently, he had been turned to a mystical being. It would be a harsh blow to their moral if their hero looked as ragged as he felt.

And what would they think of Atem? Would they treat him like the horses or other animals that were commonly seen? No brains and just a thing to be commanded? Yugi shuddered at the thought, not liking the idea at all. He knew that Atem was intelligent and he couldn't stand anyone belittling his lover. And he didn't want the peasants calling for Atem to do tricks or tasks for them like he was another one of their creatures. Yugi didn't want to see his proud dragon broken like that, all because he was helping Yugi.

He resisted the urge to scream in frustration, knowing that it wouldn't get him anywhere. When had life gotten so complicated? He couldn't remember it being this hard when he was younger, even when he had been on the run. But, the moment that he wanted something for himself, the world had to try and take it away. Was it too much to ask to be selfish for once? He had already played the part of the martyr and had lived; an experience that he didn't want to repeat again. Yugi blinked when he realized that he was rubbing the scar over his heart, forcing the hand down so he wouldn't jostle Kysen.

"Stay close to the shadows." Yugi obeyed Atem's command without question before he looked up at the dragon. Atem was staring up at the sky, wings twitching where they were folded on his back. Yugi kept quiet, motioning behind him for Bakura and Ryou to remain silent as well, Marik already searching the sky too. Up by the front, Kisara had also moved her horse closer to the shadows, only Mahad remaining oblivious to the threat that the dragons had sensed.

Yugi bit his lip to keep from making a sound, distracting Kysen with a finger to keep the baby from making a noise until Atem lowered his head. The prince shivered at the murderous look in the black and red dragon's eyes. He glanced back up at the sky, knowing whatever had attracted their attention was long gone by now, before questioning Atem. "What was it?"

"Rex." The dragon hissed out the name, teeth showing as he did so. Yugi tensed, holding Kysen more in the shadows in a protective stance. Atem shook his head, reassuring Yugi with the motion. The dragon wouldn't be this relaxed if Rex was coming for them now, but that still didn't mean that Yugi felt safe anymore. The prince took one more look up at the sky before staring at Atem, pleading for an answer. Atem complied, lowering his head and moving closer to Yugi. "He's probably out scouting for Gozaburo. It's getting too dangerous to move, especially with Rex working with them. It's only a matter of time before Gozaburo decides to force my father to do the same thing, although that might do the job for us."

Yugi reached out and stroked Atem's cheek, the corner of his mouth turning up in a sad smile. "I'm sorry. I wish that we could do this differently, I really do."

Atem shook his head, eyes staring at the ground. "You and me both, love. But he's suffered enough over these years and I have to at least stop him from suffering." He fell silent for a moment, glancing up at the sky. Yugi followed his gaze before looking down where he was going, not wanting to trip over a branch. Atem was staring up at the dragon constellation in the sky, a sorrowful look on his face. "He did it for me…and I owe him for that."

Yugi nodded, holding out his hand in an invitation for Atem to come back to him. The dragon took up the offer, resting his muzzle against Yugi's hand. The prince flipped his hand over, petting the dragon. Atem sighed, leaning into Yugi's touch as they walked along.

Gozaburo tapped the table before him before standing up and beginning to pace in front of the long table at the head of the hall. He glanced down at Lector where the knight knelt on the ground, ignoring the shivering man for the moment as he thought over what the knight had told him.

They had found the remains of the dragon that had gone to scout the south and east, or what little remained of it. The body of Nesbitt they had brought back to the castle for proper burial, which Gozaburo would leave up to the priests; he cared little for the knight. Especially when the person had failed him so spectacularly. He would have left Nesbitt to rot and be eaten by the forest animals for his failure, but he would not fault his knights for compassion, as long as it was not shown to their enemies. Still, he was down to only one dragon, one knight and a handful of loyal soldiers. Too low for the current situation.

Peasants had been leaving their villages for days, anticipating the next attack and leaving him without a work force and the fields unplowed. There would probably be a famine this winter because of the lack of crops, or most of the food ruined because of the frost because the peasants were too lazy to work. But that was the least of his worries as well. They were probably gathering together to try and overthrow him. Worse was the fact that a mere two villages would supply enough people to easily defeat him, and more villages were emptying by the day.

He lifted a hand to rub at his temples, his fingers bumping into the crown that he wore. Gozaburo snarled and ripped the crown from his head, staring at it for a moment before placing it back on his head. No matter what, he would not throw this crown away. He had worked hard to earn it, worked hard to keep it. Worked hard for that idiotic son of his to have it after him, which was never going to happen now. He shoved the crown back on his head and continued pacing, not really noticing that he had stopped.

He had to plan for the eventuality of his own death, no matter how distasteful the subject was to him. As he saw it, he had two options. One was to find a woman and marry her, thus producing a legitimate heir. Or he could simply steal Seto's son away from that woman and train him the right way. Either way would work and Gozaburo didn't really care which in the end. He just wanted an heir to carry on his line. He would probably end up doing both, just to have an heir and a spare, something that he had not accomplished before and was now paying the price.

Gozaburo snapped out of his thoughts as Lector cleared his throat, reminding the king of the presence of the loyal knight. He scowled down at the man before waving him off. "Double the guards and fly another scouting round tomorrow. I want to know what those peasants have planned."

"What about the dragon and the woman who escaped?"

"They'll come back. I have what they want, remember." Gozaburo scoffed as the knight dashed off to follow his orders, allowing himself to slump for a moment before walking outside, hoping some fresh air would cure his headache. He ignored the frantic bows of the servants and some of the soldiers, preferring to pretend that they didn't exist at the moment. He just stared at his feet, growling when they lead him to the corner of the courtyard where the dragon was tethered. Gozaburo glanced at the dragon, shaking his head when he realized the creature was smiling. "What are you so happy about?"

"I saw what happened. You're running out of people to hide behind, human."

The king leaned back against the nearest wall, frowning at the sudden spark of life in the dragon. He was too used to the creature being submissive and quiet. He absently scratched the back of his neck before looking up at the night sky. He rolled his head to the side at the faint clatter of feet running up stairs as his orders were carried out, returning his gaze to the dragon as the sound died out. "That shouldn't make you happy. The less people I have, the closer you are to your death."

"I beg for that time, human." The dragon strained forward, snapping his jaws shut a good distance away from Gozaburo. "I've seen my son flying around and beating down your captives. He's coming to kill you."

"Why should I be scared?"

The dragon gave a slow smile, tail twitching. "Just suffice to say that you should be. I eagerly await the time when you realize that you have underestimated everything."

Gozaburo waved the dragon off, relieved when the dragon said nothing more. He tensed as the chains rattled as the dragon sought a new position, only relaxing when he heard the creature's breathing even out. Abruptly, he decided that he had enough air for the evening and turned around to go back inside, slipping through the huge doors and heading for his chambers. He cast a single glance at the dungeons, smirking as he thought of Seto down there.

He waved on of the few men-at-arms he had left over to his side, watching as the man appeared nervous. "Prepare for an attack on the peasants, as soon as possible. I'll have Lector and his dragon cover you so they will not be able to harm you. Move quickly, I want this settled." The man nodded before rushing away, leaving Gozaburo to continue to his chambers.

The dragon was wrong; there was nothing that could stop him. Especially any dragon. He was invincible.

Bakura grumbled at being awake so early in the morning, but Mahad had insisted that they all be up and about, even if they had been up nearly all night looking for the peasant's camp. The thief sidestepped a clumsily swung sword, tipping his head to the side as he watched it slam into the tree trunk. With a sigh and a shake of his head, he returned to looking for his lover, still partially paying attention to the practicing peasants all around them. For peasants, they were good with what they had. This revolt would probably make a difference.

He gave a short wave to Kisara as he passed, the motion completed before he thought about what he was doing. Bakura gave a short hiss and clutched his arm, hating that he was actually being friendly to someone. Thankfully, the woman didn't notice, too busy outlining the layout of the castle to the leaders of this band of rebels, Yugi and Mahad included. He left them to their planning, breaking into a jog when he saw Ryou lower his bow, wincing at something. The poet turned to give him a wave before striding off to retrieve his arrows.

Bakura caught up to his lover as the poet sat down on a rock, sitting down beside him. Almost immediately, Ryou began to lean over, a huge yawn coming from the poet. Bakura smirked and pushed Ryou back upright, earning a glare from him. "I'm tired. Can't I just rest? Or would you rather have me killed for something stupid I do tonight?"

Sighing, Bakura pulled Ryou back over, letting the poet lean on him again. Ryou snuggled close with a happy sigh himself. Bakura jostled him, holding back a laugh as Ryou squealed at the motion, earning a glare for his efforts. When Ryou had finally turned away, Bakura resettled himself. "Not for long though. Mahad might demand something of his only archer."

"Tell him to shove it then." Bakura stared at his lover in shock, surprised that the usually mild Ryou would suggest such a thing. He smirked as Ryou drifted off to sleep; he was rubbing off on the poet. He shifted with a sigh, wincing as Ryou dug his fingers into his shirt, preventing further movement. Bakura glanced at his lover before finding a comfortable position within the limits that Ryou allowed him. At the sound of Ryou's gentle breathing, Bakura turned to look at the camp again. The peasants were still working, some drifting to the planning session. He thought he saw a flash of black and red fabric, but he was distracted by the appearance of the pale gold dragon.

Marik gave them a nod before flopping on the ground, staring up at the bare branches. After a moment, the dragon sighed and looked back over at them. "Paladin and I have been thrown into this as a distraction."

"Are you going to do something about it?"

Marik growled as he shook his head, glaring over at the knight. "He has them convinced that we can't think on our own, that we belong to specific humans." Marik gave an annoyed snort, turning his head to the side. "Stupid humans. We don't have to stay here and help them."

"Then leave." Bakura shrugged at the dragon's baffled glance. "I would if I could, but it's in my interest to stay. Once Gozaburo is gone I have my hunting ground back, no more conscious to tell me that I should stop."

The dragon tipped his head to the side with a laugh. "You have a conscious?"

"Underdeveloped, but yes." He gave a mock glare at Marik, attributing his current jovial mood to the lack of sleep. "How else you explain how you are still around to annoy me, dragon?"

That earned another laugh from Marik, the sound trailing off into a groan as the dragon stretched. Bakura leaned to one side, taking Ryou with him to avoid an outstretched wing. Marik grumbled as he settled back down, lavender eyes blinking drowsily. "Can't wait to get back; the weather up here is still horrible. Makes me want to find a nice desert to curl up in and get warm again."

Bakura shook his head, leaning on one arm as Ryou began to fall from his shoulder. Absently, he ran his other hand through the poet's hair, eyes staring off into the distance. He hadn't thought much about what to do after all of this because 'all of this' seemed like it would go on forever. He had never thought one small prince and a bad tempered dragon would be enough to bring Gozaburo to this point. He had been ready to move his area to some other place far away from the slowly dying kingdom. That was, of course, after Ryou was ready to move on. Never had he thought that he would be sitting and waiting for his part in the rebellion, still under the command of that same prince and his dragon. He had told Ryou once that this was the tale of a lifetime, but he had underestimated how amazing it really was. Bad planning on his part; he should have been ready for everything.

"How's Atem taking this?"

Marik gave a choked laugh. "The peasants are merely worshipping him, but only because they think Yugi can command him. They keep shouting these things about magic and a gift from the gods. Yugi is just ignoring it, but Atem is nervous. It's annoying to be treated like an object while your mate is held above you. Mates are equals, unlike humans."

Bakura gave a snort of agreement, looking up as Yugi walked over them, Atem appearing a moment later so Yugi could lean against him. The five of them fell into silence as they drifted to sleep in their exhaustion. The thief didn't know how much time had passed before Yugi was shaking him awake. Bakura shot upright, helping Ryou from the ground with a smile. He glared at Yugi as the prince waited for them, Atem hovering behind him like a shadow. "Mahad says we attack tonight."

"It's too soon."

"For us, maybe, but the peasants want to attack while Gozaburo is still reeling from his loses. Our part in all of this is relatively simple."

The thief snorted in disgust. "And has he told us of this minor part we play? I don't want to throw my life away uselessly."

"You're with us," Yugi gestured at himself and Atem, "going after the dragon while the others attack the castle itself. Mahad wants us to take out Lector and his dragon before letting the peasants even approach the castle."

"Which is where he is using the other dragons as bait." Bakura scoffed, not liking their part in this. "Does he know that the dragons want to rip his head off for that?"

Yugi shook his head, rubbing his forehead with a long sigh. The thief let the subject drop, dodging Ryou's elbow as the stood up. Bakura dropped his hands to his belt, running his fingers over his collection of knives before resting his hands on his hip. "Enjoy the last time you are in command, shrimp. The time of you bossing me around is coming to an end."

Bakura started at the look of thanks that the prince gave him. He had not expected Yugi to see through him so easily, translating the false scorn to find what Bakura really meant. The thief shook off his disbelief, walking with his small group as they went back to the main camp. He was startled to see Kisara there, one hand resting easily on the pommel of her sword with fierce determination in her eyes. He briefly searched for Mokuba before chiding himself for his stupidity. If Kisara was leading a group to rescue her husband, then she wouldn't be taking the infant into battle. He would be staying behind with Kysen.

Bakura ducked out of the meeting, leaving Ryou to pay attention so that the poet could immortalize the fiasco, instead following Atem. The black and red dragon glanced back at him before ignoring him completely. The two of them had an understanding, one brought about by a similarity in thought. They both lived off other beings, surviving in their different ways. Atem saw the thief's profession as something that he did merely to survive, not judging him on that since Atem couldn't quite fathom why humans had the need to store such things in their homes. Bakura easily acknowledged the dragon's intelligence, the creature having to possess some spark to have survived this far. Of course, neither was willing to admit their respect for the other, so they ignored each other's presence.

He was not surprised when the dragon stopped to bid farewell to Kysen, Atem laughing as the baby reached up for him. Bakura crossed his arms and watched the rare show of tenderness from the dragon. He would never have guessed that Atem would be so careful with the small human. The thief turned his head away, giving the dragon his moment of privacy.

Kysen gave a short sob as Atem pulled away, the dragon gently shushing the infant. "Don't worry, little one, I'll come back."

Bakura froze at the phrase, his mouth falling open as his jaw went slack and his eyes widened and unfocused. He shivered at the memory that rose to the front of his thoughts.

He was crouched in a dark cellar, holding his treasured blanket close to him as his mother motioned for him to be silent. She gave a weak smile that he returned, standing up on his tip-toes to get a kiss on the forehead. His mother patted his messy hair as he settled back down, wrapping the blanket around him to keep him warm. She gave him a little nod before starting to lower the door to the cellar. "I'll come back."

He nodded.

She never came back.

"Don't say that unless you are sure." Bakura didn't even realize that he had spoke until Atem shot him a confused look. When the thief said nothing more, the dragon gave an irritated snort.

"I mean every word." The dragon turned and walked off into the tress. Bakura glared after him, wrapping his arms around himself as the phantom touch of his old blanket draped itself around his shoulders. He shook himself and stomped off to find Ryou and demand comfort to keep himself safe from the loathed memories of his past.

Mahad was shocked to find the dragon splayed out in the dim light of the evening. He had thought that the dragon would be back at the camp with the rest of its group. He stared at the ground, cursing the fact that he missed the earlier disappearance of the dragon. He was about to turn away and leave, the presence of the dragon in his place of thought breaking the calm that he was trying to feel, when he saw the dragon's tongue flick out. The knight stilled as the stared at the dragon, realizing that he had never seen this behavior before in the dragon. He took a step forward as the dragon shook its head, freezing again when its crimson eyes were suddenly trained on him.

The dragon stared at him for a moment before returning to his staring out at the trees. "Something is coming; you can nearly taste it on the wind."

Mahad scoffed at the nonsense, not flinching as the dragon turned his head with a snarl. The knight waved the beast away, leaning back against the nearest tree. "Of course it is. We strike against the king soon. And you should be happy; you'll have your precious father back."

"Don't taunt me, knight. I am perfectly aware of what we must do to end the suffering of the humans up here." The dragon didn't even look away from the point he was staring at, instead slumping a bit as he spoke. "And I know it's what you wanted to do when Yugi got hurt the last time. I don't like it, but it is the only thing to do."

"Your opinion on this doesn't matter, beast." Mahad tapped his fingers against his arm in anger, watching the dragon twitch at his words. "I put up with you merely because Yugi does. And I don't know how he does it."

"I have not influenced him in any way."

"So that's what you call it." The dragon finally turned his head, a growl escaping it as it stared at Mahad. The knight smiled, happy that he had finally gotten a reaction from the dragon. "Apparently the beast can learn. After all, seduction is just a step above what your kind does on a regular basis."

The dragon snarled, moving from his position on the ground to loom over Mahad. "What do you have against me knight? I have done nothing to harm you or Yugi!"

"I swore to wipe out every dragon on this earth!" Mahad glared up at the dragon, not flinching from the anger in the red eyes. "Your kind is no better than vermin, able to take over the minds of others by a simple thing that should be a gift. Gozaburo would have never tried to kill Yugi if that creature hadn't given him that heart and corrupted him."

"If anything was corrupted, it was the heart!" The dragon snapped its jaws shut in front of Mahad, backing away a moment later. "You just never saw what Gozaburo really was or refused to see it. I don't know which and, frankly, I don't care. Once this is over, we're going back to where we belong."

Mahad was about to retort, glad that the dragon finally realized that he was truly not wanted when something stopped him. There was a possibility that this creature wasn't talking about just the other dragons. The knight curled his hands into fists, feeling his nails dig into the palms of his hands. "Yugi is staying here to become king and his son will remain as well." Mahad smirked up at the dragon, ready to deal the final blow. "And whatever unholy name you presented Yugi's son with will be changed. And you will release the hold you have over Yugi if you want to live."

The knight barely had time to scramble out of the way as the dragon lunged forward. He winced as he rolled on the ground, cautiously getting to his feet as he saw the dragon pushing away from the fallen tree. The creature looked at the trunk before turning to Mahad with a snarl, stalking forward. "You will not take them from me!"

"I am merely putting them back where they belong."

"Then you will kill him." Mahad's retort died as the dragon loomed over him again, his mind running over the words that the creature had just spoken. He immediately went for denial, hand reaching for his sword as he stared at the dragon.

"No. It's his duty. He had trained for this his entire life." Mahad drew his sword, pointing it at the dragon and laughing when the creature took a step back. It wasn't so tough when it was threatened; just like every other dragon he had killed. He calmed himself and looked up at the dragon, making sure to keep his voice steady. "Yugi knows what he must do, and nothing you have said to him will change that."

The dragon sighed and looked away, one crimson eye rolling to stare at Mahad after a moment. "Will you condemn him to that misery, knight?"

Misery? The knight shook his head, his other hand now holding up the one that was clutched around the hilt of his blade, attempting to prevent a tremble. "It's his duty. He knows this, dragon. He was born for it."

"Then why not Seto?"

"Yugi is the heir!" Mahad snapped off the answer before he could think, the quick reply earning a rumble from the dragon.

The dragon snarled for a moment before the sound turned into a bark of laughter. Mahad wavered as the dragon took a step back, turning so its side was facing the knight. The sword nearly dropped out of his hand as the creature looked over its shoulder at him, smiling. "You don't trust Seto."

"Of course I do! I raised him as well!"

"No." The dragon settled on the ground, tail twitching. Mahad found himself staring at the tail, watching it move as the dragon spoke. "You don't trust him enough. There is some little part of you that worries that he may be like Gozaburo in the end; that he'll mess up this little place as much as Gozaburo did. But you know he'll never harm Yugi, so you intend to use my mate as a buffer." The last word came out as a snarl before the dragon seemed to calm itself. "But that leads me to question if Yugi was really the son of your former king?"

"Of course he was!" Mahad lunged forward, the point of his sword stopping just centimeters from the dragon's hide. "Don't you ever question Aislinn's fidelity! She loved her husband too dearly for that."

The creature snorted, looking up at the stars, ignoring the sword that was hovering by him. "Tell me, knight, have you ever loved someone?"

"Of course I have! I'm not as cold hearted as you, dragon."

The creature rolled his eyes, turning his head to look at Mahad. "Have you ever loved someone you couldn't have."

Unbidden, the images of laughing purple eyes and long red hair sprang into his mind, but Mahad quickly shook the images away. Of course he had loved Aislinn, she was his queen. Loyalty and love went hand in hand. Besides, who had not fallen in love with the exotic woman who had been so gentle. The woman who seemed to understand everything with those expressive purple eyes of hers. The woman who cared deeply for every person in their small kingdom, even if they were not her people by birth. It was impossible not to fall in love with Aislinn. At least, for those who knew her well, to others she was just a stranger in their midst.

They had been friends, the two people in the court from different places. Mahad had been a knight from a small manor in the north, but the best friend of the former king. Aislinn had been the scared girl from the south who had no one to cling to but the one man to show her compassion. In searching for something familiar they had found each other, and Mahad had fallen in love with her, even though she never returned his feelings, she only loved her husband in that manner, as was right.

The knight swallowed, trying to clear the blockage that suddenly appeared in his throat trying to choke him. Yes, he had wanted her to be his, but he had understood that she never could have. There might have been the slim chance, if Yugi had immediately taken the throne, that she could have consented to marry him. But that was impossible now.

He was barely aware that he had dropped the sword to the ground, blinking to focus his eyes as the dragon moved, standing up again. Mahad stared up at the creature in awe, not quite knowing what to do. Instead of attack him, as he thought that the beast might do, the creature merely stared down at him. "Then you know how I feel, knight. And I will not lose this chance. I promise you that I will fight every step of the way."

Mahad opened his mouth to respond, but found there was nothing he could say. The creature had managed to best him this time, even if the beast had crushed some of the morals that people held dear, he couldn't fault the beast for following what it thought was right. The knight gave a shrug, making the motion a signal of his defeat. He wouldn't fight against the creature anymore tonight, but there would be another confrontation when it came to Yugi again. He would get Yugi his throne any way necessary, as it was his birthright. And the knight still didn't trust that the prince was still in his right mind, but that could be easily changed when the dragon was removed.

He was distracted from his thoughts as the little white dragon flew over them, landing heavily on the ground and panting for breath. Mahad stared at the creature as the black and red dragon ambled over, helping the smaller one up. The white dragon nodded its thanks before glaring at Mahad. "I've lured the knight and his dragon out, but they've brought soldiers as well."

The black and red dragon smiled, giving a short burst of laughter before looking up at the sky. "Then let's give Rex his proper welcome then."

Mahad ignored the two dragons, scooping up his discarded sword and rushing back towards the camp. A smile made its way across his face as he raced for the small army. This time it would work, this time Gozaburo would fall. There would be peace again. He nearly fell as he jumped awkwardly over a fallen tree, listening to the cheer that rose from the peasants as he appeared. Apparently, the news had spread. The knight nodded and motioned for the peasants to begin their attack, laughing at the black and red banner with the silhouette of a dragon that was hoisted up as the peasants rushed from their camp. He couldn't even bring himself to wince at the earsplitting roar that came from the black and red dragon as it took to the air, his own scream lost in the sound that echoed into the still night.

Please read and review. Criticism is always welcome.