CeCe the Fun Slut

By: Suzy Suburbanite

Notes & Disclaimers:

This story is set in a land far, far away where unsafe sex has no
consequences; a land where 

HIV/AIDS, Hepatitis, and other STDs dont exist.  PLEASE DONT TRY THIS AT
HOME!  It is fiction...it 

is FANTASY!

This story is a work of FICTION!  None of the characters or events herein
is based on real people, either living or dead.  It was produced for the entertainment of ADULTS
ONLY, and contains descriptions of explicit sex.  If you are not an adult, or if reading
stories of a sexual nature upsets you, do not read any further! By reading further, you certify that
you have accessed/requested access to this material willfully, and that you are an adult of legal
majority in your jurisdiction.

Feedback is appreciated to: suzy999999@yahoo.com

Thanks to all who wrote regarding my previous stories!  Cheers!

Enjoy,
Suzy

------------------------------------------------


Part 1

Prelude

So here I was.  10:30 on a Thursday evening and I'm lying back on the bed
in a dingy motel room trying to catch my breath as the horse-hung boys I'm
with just deposited the 14th and 8th load of cum in my ass and cunt.  This
was all part of my quarterly ritual to secure large amounts of semen to
feed the 22 year old femme fuck toy that lives with me and my husband.

I looked across the room and Ed was getting his magnificent ebony wood
back up.  All three of these beautiful specimens of black manhood sported
more than 11 solid inches of cock.  But where Ed was rebounding well,
Sammy and Jerome were petered out (excuse the pun).

"You know the rules baby." I stated to my limp-dicked friends.  "You're
both hard and fucking or its time to go."

Ed rose from his chair and walked to the bed.  "Get on all fours baby; I
want to pump another load in that fine white ass of yours."

Being the dutiful black cock slut, I rolled onto my stomach and hoisted my
ass into the air.

"Take the plug out slowly darling." I said as Ed started to remove the
monster butt plug that was keeping the lake of semen dammed-up inside my
well-fucked asshole.

As they had done a dozen times before, Ed removed the plug and scraped all
the cum that stuck to it into a glass.  I then watched in the mirror as he
rammed his cock up my used asshole with one masterful stroke and proceeded
to fuck me hard.  Sammy and Jerome were now dressed and each stopped on
their way out the door to give me a peck on the cheek and give my
pendulous tits a squeeze.

"See you next time CeCe." They said.

"Uh.  Uh...  bye boys, uh...  uh...  thanks for the fuck." I managed just as Ed
put load number 15 up my bum.  He did his job.  He poured the cum overflow
from the glass into my asshole and replaced the plug.  I swung around,
stood from the bed dropped my skirt, pulled-up my tube top and headed for
the door.

"Hate to fuck and run lover, next time."  He barely had a chance to get in
a 'Bye Bitch' out before I was in my car and headed home to feed my slut.

How did I get here?  A 39-year-old dominant lesbian/hetero housewife
riding down the highway with an eight-inch butt plug in her ass and a six
incher up her cunt; full of the semen from three darling black studs and
three solid hours of hot, messy fucking.


Chapter 1

It was nineteen years ago.  I was newly married to a nice white guy named
Joe.  We played all the games that young newlyweds do...fantasizing of
illicit encounters and forbidden sex.  My husband continually told me how
hot he got when imagining me with my head buried between the legs of a
sexy woman while he fucked me with his fat 8 inches.  I would occasionally
egg him on when he did me doggy-style with 'Oh Joe, I need a cunt to
suck.' and that pretty well guaranteed that he would cum within seconds.

We seriously discussed a threesome with a woman.  I always managed to call
his bluff by telling him that I would agree to that if we could first have
a threesome with another man...that usually shut him up.  We just continued
with our very active fantasy life.

About five months into our marriage--we had just spent a typical Saturday
fucking and sucking all around the house--Joe came up with the idea to go
see an X-rated movie and give ourselves a rest and watch others sex up.  I
was a bit nervous, but agreed.  Joey threw on shorts and a T-shirt and I
tossed on a short denim skirt and a tube top. (I also put on some matronly
panties and a maxi-pad, because I was leaking semen from both my butt and
my very sore pussy.)

We decided on a place about thirty miles away that some friends told us
about.  The friends said it was a fun place to go when they were feeling
particularly naughty.  (Vicky, the female half, confided in me one day
that she had been to this place during the middle of the week to get some
'toys' to spice things up in their bedroom, and ended up spending two
hours in some back room getting fucked up the ass by two black guys...I was
very nervous, but also very excited)

We arrived about 7 o'clock in the evening and there appeared to be
half-a-dozen or so cars in the small parking lot.  This was on of those
nondescript little places with the yellow sign the read 'Adult Books'.  My
heart was racing as we entered.  Not sure what I was expecting, (maybe an
orgy two steps into the front door) but was surprised to find the store
almost empty.  There were two middle-aged (40ish) white men looking at
magazines and a 30ish, somewhat attractive white man behind the counter. 
Joey and I looked at each other and held hands in a death grip of
excitement and fear and we started to look around.

There were books and magazines with cocks and pussies and stretched open
assholes on the cover.  There were some straight, some gay and many
in-between.  We saw a doorway with a black curtain covering it and a sign
above that read 'Movies 25c'.  We turned the corner, around a small
partition, and there were sex toys of every imaginable shape and size. 
Things that buzzed and pumped and inflated and...it was just overwhelming. 
(I was staring at this huge black dildo and imaging our friend Vicki
splayed on her bed, shoving this monster up her asshole...oh god I was
getting hot).

Finally, we spotted a large doorway with an arrow that proclaimed
'Theater'.    We looked at each other and shrugged, not knowing the
difference between 'Movies' and 'Theater'.  Joey led us over to the clerk
and asked for some guidance.  The nice looking clerk answered, but did so
while staring directly at my 38E tits, which by that point were hard with
anticipation of the evenings events.

I looked at Joe who was looking at the clerk, looking at me and noticed
that his dick was starting to push out the front of his shorts.  I turned
to see the reaction of the clerk and noticed that his dick was also hard. 
This place was amazing, so much unashamed lust.  I think if I had dropped
to my knees right there and sucked-off the clerk my husband wouldn't have
even blinked.


Chapter 2

He charged Joey to go in the 'Theater', (This is where the real movies
played.  'Movies' just showed short, 5 minute clips...the intricacies of
adult bookstore etiquette.) but didnt charge me.  We felt a bit awkward
as we entered.  There were about 100 seats and only one occupied, that by
one of the 40ish guys that had been browsing the magazines when we first
arrived.  He was sitting in the back row, so Joe and I took seats about
mid-theater and on the opposite side of the aisle from this other guy.

The feature was in progress.  We walked in on a scene showing a waifish
young blond sucking on two very large, very hard cocks while being fucked
from behind by a rather butch looking brunette woman wearing a dildo in
some kind of harness contraption.  I just sat there stunned.  I had never
imagined any combo like this.  My pussy was throbbing and my thumb-sized
nipples were so hard they hurt.  I heard a moan and realized that it was
me.  Joey started to nuzzle my neck and whisper that he was so hot he
could fuck me right there with people watching.  Oh god, that did it.  I
came without even being touched.

I calmed down a bit and Joe leaned back in his chair.  He led my hand to
his cock and I started to stroke him through his shorts as we watched the
two big fat cocks spray the skinny blond with all their hot sticky sperm. 
The blond was in a state of ecstasy as the brunette slammed the dildo into
her cunt all while scooping the semen on her face into her mouth...wow, what
a climax.  As the scene ended, I realized that I was no longer feeling my
dear hubby's shorts, but his bare penis.  I got very nervous all of the
sudden, realizing that a few rows back was some stranger watching me
jack-off my lover.  Joey soon took my mind off anything other than our
pleasure by rubbing my soaked panties and the useless maxi-pad against my
equally soaked cunt.

The next scene started.  The brunette from the first scene was back.  She
was dressed in some black leather costume that exposed her whole pussy and
ass.  Two magnificent black men who sported large, angry looking cocks
joined her.  The young blond was there as well, but she was blindfolded
and handcuffed in a kneeling position in the corner.  Joey started to get
more aggressive with his assault on my cunt and I just stared while the
brunette in the movie (who could've been my twin) was getting her mouth
and asshole pounded by the black studs.  I was oblivious to anything
around me.  Thoughts of our friend Vicki and her little secret ran through
my head.  Joey's pulsing cock ran through my fingers and then I felt his
mouth on my nipples.  He had pulled my top down over my tits and was
sucking them while my body spasmed in one continuous climax.

I opened my eyes to watch the first big black stud empty his balls into
the brunette's asshole.  The camera zoomed in as I watched the cum leak
out.  The other black stud pulled out of her mouth, walking two steps
behind her and very unceremoniously shoved his fat dick up her already
gaping bum.  Joey hit another hot spot in my cunt and bit down on my
nipple.  My mouth let out a moan and my head turned to see the older man
one seat away from me wildly stroking his cock.

My mind was swimming in lust at this point.  I watched this 40 year old
push his meat through his fist and then turned my attention back to the
movie and then back to Joey's cock that was as hard and fat as I had ever
seen it.  On the screen, the second black stud was putting his hot load
inside the brunette's bottom and the same close-up showed the cummy mess
that her asshole had become.  Joey started to cup my breasts, shoving them
obscenely toward to older guy.  Saying, "Cum on her tits man, cum on hers
tits."  I joined in his chorus with, "Oh god yes, give me your cum." I
glanced back at the screen in time to see the young blond led on a leash
to the spermy asshole of the brunette and ordered to clean her.  My orgasm
started anew the moment the blonde's tongue dipped into her mistress'
gloriously messed bum.  Our friend suddenly half-stood in his seat and
started to ejaculate all over my sensitive nipples, pushing me further and
further over the edge.  Then my darling husband follows suit and starts to
squirt his warm semen into my mouth and on my tits.  Proclaiming his
approval with, "Oh, fuck yes.  Yes.  Yes."

To my surprise (and delight) our new friend bent his mouth to mine and
started to share my husband's cock and salty, spermy treat with me.  He
licked my face clean, then moved to my tits, and performed a yeoman's job
of cleaning the cum cocktail that was dripping from my nipples.   He sat
back, tucked his cock into his pants and with a quick 'Thanks' was up and
out of the theater.  Joey and I just stared at one another.  He then
leaned into me and we kissed a deep soulful kiss.  As we broke we both
said, "I love you," and started to giggle with total abandon.

As if a light bulb appeared over our heads, we suddenly realized where we
were and somewhat sheepishly put ourselves back together and headed for
the exit.  As we passed through the store we where suddenly confronted
with a full house...and all eyes were upon us.  Embarrassedly, we moved
through the crowd. I was briefly stopped by a guy in drag who reached out
and said in a high falsetto, "Missed some honey." He very matter-of-factly
scooped a rather large glob of semen from my hair, brought it to his mouth
and licked his fingers clean.  "mmm...Delicious," he said.  He gave me a
peck on the cheek, a wink to Joe and spun away walking towards the
'Movies' area.

"I think I just came again." I whisper to Joey as we all but ran out the
door and into the safety of our car.

Our drive home was a rush of emotion for us both.  I told my dear husband
that I had never been hotter in my young life and he stated the same to
me.  He asked me about my feelings regarding our cocksucking friend and I
told him that watching my darling husband getting his dick licked by a guy
just sent me to levels of bliss and lust I didn't know were possible.  He
said he felt awkward now, but was so hot during our little adventure that
he would've done just about anything.  At home that evening we necked like
teenagers and fucked twice more before falling into a long deep sleep. 
Our adventures were just beginning.

--End Part one of CeCe the Fun Slut-------------------------------------

And who says suburbia is a cultural wasteland.

suzy999999@yahoo.com
Copyright 2002-2003 Anonymous, Arlington VA USA
