The mystery of the neighbor is solved.

This story is the property of the author.  It may be redistributed, copied and stored without changes, though it is not to be used by commercial entities.  Using this material in any commercial publication, including websites, without the express permission of the author, will be followed up with legal action. This fictional story was written for the entertainment of adults and should not be viewed by those under the legal age.

This is a story of casual, unprotected sex, and is a work of fiction. In real life, use a condom, damnit! Unwanted babies, HIV and all sorts of lesser sexual diseases await the idiot who "dips his wick" or "rides the rod" without protection.

---

I Dream of Demie 27 - Song (MFF, cons, lac, rom)
by Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)

---

"Tom!"

I started awake. I was lying diagonally across my bed where I had collapsed after having sex with my ex-girlfriend Laura, randomly somehow my next-door neighbor. I still felt incredibly tired.

Kate was there, holding the baby. "It's your turn. I have to get some sleep." She handed me Amy and then took a second look at me. "You feeling okay?"

"Just really tired," I replied.

She continued to scan my face. "You look like you need to eat more. I'm sorry Demie and I have been fighting; it must be hard on you."

I nodded and got to my feet a little unsteadily. Kate took my arm and helped me to the playpen, where I gently placed baby Amy. After confirming I was fixing myself something to eat, Kate went back to her room to rest.

I ate some leftover pizza as I sat on the couch and listened to my daughter's happy cooing.

I woke to the sound of Amy crying. I fell asleep again? I was feeling a bit better, so it was obviously helping, but damn. The clock informed me that it had been a couple of hours since I last looked at it. I picked Amy up, checked her diaper, and then figured that she must be hungry. Actually, so was I, still. After I warmed up a bottle of breast milk under the tap, I grabbed a banana to chow down on while the baby sucked down her lunch.

I thought about Laura in the next apartment. We had broken up almost two years ago because she felt like I was no longer connecting with her on an emotional level, but now it seemed like that was all water under the bridge. What was she to me, now, though? We hadn't had time to discuss anything before we had sex. Laura almost certainly wouldn't want to share me with two other women, one of whom was the mother of my child. I didn't know what to do.

---

That night, I woke to the sound of singing coming through the wall separating my apartment from Laura's. I couldn't make out the tune but it sounded sad, yet hopeful. Laura wasn't big on singing, so it seemed odd to me. It did sound like her voice, though, rather than something on the radio.

Since she was obviously awake, I put on a shirt and some sweatpants and went and knocked on her door. When she opened it I was astounded by how gorgeous she looked, like she had just come back from the beauty parlor after having everything done. She wore a white blouse and flowy skirt, as she had when I had first met her. I felt underdressed.

"Wow!" I said, and she blushed.

"I'm feeling really good," she said, and ushered me in. "How about you?"

I sat on her couch again and she joined me. "Still pretty tired. I thought maybe I caught a bug, but it's not acting like one. Maybe I just need to eat better. This year has been Hell." Literally, I mused.

"Ooh, poor baby," she gave a moue, and at the mention of "baby" I realized that I should tell her about my current situation before we did anything else.

"Laura, I..."

That's all I got before she was kissing me again, her vanilla scent filling my mind and removing all outside concerns. Soon she was straddling me, her skirt settling around us as she rubbed her panty-covered pussy against the crotch of my sweatpants.

As I kissed her neck and rubbed at her breasts through her blouse and bra, she sighed. "Oh, I want to do this again, but I also want you to get better first. You might not last otherwise."

I sat back. "Huh?" I could feel myself starting to get tired again, and it was getting hard to think straight.

She got off of me and arranged her skirt. "Go home, Tom. Come see me when you're feeling fully restored, alright?"

"Um, okay..." I got unsteadily to my feet and gave her a kiss which turned into another and almost started us making out again, but then she pushed me away, her face flushed.

"Go," she urged me. I went.

---

I slept until morning when Kate handed me the baby again. Was this all parenthood was, just handing the baby back and forth until it went off to college?

Around 10 AM I got a call on Monday's phone, but it was the police! They had found an emaciated man lying in a trash container, barely alive, and he had been taken to hospital. They had managed to get into his phone and I was the last number he had called. That had been before he came over to visit the other day.

I left a note for Kate and took the baby with me to the hospital, which provided the first test of the baby seat we had bought for the Chevelle. I spoke with the police officer who met me there. Monday's wallet was missing, so I filled them in on his particulars and where and when I had last seen him. Then I went in to check on my friend.

He looked terrible. When they had described him as emaciated I thought they had been talking about his normal thin build, but his skin looked sunken around his bones. He was hooked up to a drip to get his calorie count and fluid levels back up, but was still unconscious.

"Goddamnit, Monday, you just can't catch a fucking break," I remarked. I left my number with the nurse for when he woke up.

---

When Kate woke up I asked her what kind of creature could cause what happened to Monday. She thought for a moment.

"Some spirits can do that sort of thing, or blood mages, or a vampire, maybe? Did you notice any fang marks?"

I shook my head. I hadn't been looking, and I didn't know if the doctors had either.

She continued, "Honestly, there are a lot of supernatural creatures that feed on humans. Life eats life, and there's nothing more powerful than the need to keep on living, even if you have to harm or kill others to do it. We witches are tasked with acting sort of like netherworld police sometimes, if the need arises." Then she realized what she had said. "We...them, I mean...not me anymore. Shit..."

Then she headed to her room, crying. I went to follow her, but she waved me off.

---

That night, urged by Laura's singing, I again went to her door. This time she was wearing sheer lingerie and looking sexy as hell. She let me in and gave me an analyzing squint. "Something's wrong. I'll fix you a drink and you can tell me about it."

I watched her shapely ass as she went into the kitchen. While I heard the clinking of glasses and bottles I looked around her apartment. I didn't want to talk about sad stuff. Maybe some music would set the mood. I opened a cabinet, hoping she had a sound system in there.

There were some books, boxes, and a plastic bag on the lowest shelf. The bag looked out of place, so I opened it.

I froze. Inside was a wallet and a Nintendo Switch. Opening the wallet, I found Monday's driver's license.

"You still like Long Island Iced Teas, right?" Laura came back into the living room carrying a tray with two glasses. "Oh."

I stood up, holding the wallet out like the damning evidence it was.

Laura set the tray down. "Tom, I can explain." Her voice started taking on a sing-song tone as she carefully moved toward me.

I had seen enough crazy shit in the last year to realize that nothing here was what it seemed. I ran for my apartment.

After I closed the door behind me, I heard Laura singing a demanding tune as she approached it. I couldn't help myself as I turned and opened the door. She stood there, beautiful in her negligee, holding her arms open as she walked into our apartment. I couldn't do anything but stand there.

Suddenly a metal band appeared, surrounding the lower half of Laura's face and cutting off her singing, as well as her control of me. I heard a gasp from the side and saw Kate there, holding the baby, the hand of her free arm pointing at Laura. Kate looked at it, confused. "How?" she whispered.

I looked back to Laura as she struggled to get the metal gag off. Then ropes appeared and trussed her up. Kate moved forward, clearly controlling them. Her powers were back?

Laura fell over in her struggles, trying to scream. Her high-pitched shrieking was thankfully muffled. Her eyes had turned yellow.

"Laura?" I asked.

Kate came up behind me. "Whoever she looks like to you, she's not. She's a siren."

"Siren?" I remembered the legends of female creatures whose songs drove sailors mad, causing them to crash their ships into the rocks trying to reach them.

"Huh...we doing BDSM now?" Demie said as she strode in from the hallway and closed the door behind her. She looked at Kate. "Did you do that?"

Kate sat down on the couch. "I have no idea how; I just reacted."

"Laura" continued to scream. Even through the gag it was starting to give me a headache. Demie knelt down and locked eyes with her. "Shush," she commanded, and the bound woman stopped.

"So what do we do about a siren feeding off of our man?" Kate asked. "Kill her?"

Laura's eyes widened.

"No!" I said immediately. All of the women looked at me, making me feel self-conscious. Even though this creature had clearly been causing my lack of energy and had almost killed Monday, I felt connected to her somehow. Was it because she looked like Laura? Her eyes had changed back to my ex-girlfriend's brown color, and I didn't like how she was looking at me, so fearfully.

Demie knelt back down and looked "Laura" in the eyes. "You will not try to hurt or use your song on anyone here." Then she nodded at Kate, who gestured and the rope and gag disappeared.

The siren sat cross-legged and rubbed her wrists. "I'm sorry, Tom," she said, "but I need to feed on love and desire. Not like a succubus," she said, nodding at Demie, "but similar."

"Can you please stop looking like Laura?" I asked. This was painful.

She looked sheepish. "You're doing that. I can't turn it off. You're broadcasting your regret and I naturally tune in to those thoughts and feelings, becoming her in your eyes."

"Again," Kate said, "what do we do here?"

Demie sat down on the couch as well. "Tom says we don't kill her, so I guess we kick her out of the building."

The siren looked stricken. "Please don't send me away! I like it here." She looked at me, her eyes wide.

"What's your real name?" I asked.

"Oh...it's Tillie." She sighed. "It's been so long since I used my real name. Every man who sees me thinks I'm someone else."

"Well, Tillie, you can't keep assaulting people here," I told her. "'Don't shit where you eat' and all that."

She nodded. "I normally get what I need from men on the street, but it's been getting cold out lately, so opportunities have been drying up."

"Winter is coming," I agreed.

"Oh, you like Game of Thrones too?" she asked, smiling, suddenly animated. "Jon Snow is so hot..."

"Focus," Demie warned.

"Right. When I saw your friend, in so much pain, I couldn't help myself. And then you..." Tillie looked at me wistfully. "You're so full of energy."

"He is, at that," Demie said, giving me a wink, "but he's taken."

Thoughts were bouncing around inside my head. Tillie homed in on mens' regretful past loves, becoming that person and taking her victims' desire and life energy. "You don't have to take all of a man's energy, right?"

"Right, like I would do on the street; some handjobs, the occasional blowjob, and then I let them go."

"Do you need to touch them to feed?" I was almost there.

She looked at me. "Close proximity works, as long as the man is turned on. What are you thinking?"

I smiled at her.

---

When the owner of the strip club saw Tillie in all her glory, whoever she looked like to him, he hired her on the spot. He agreed to the stipulation that she wouldn't walk the catwalk, as everyone in the club would see someone different, but she would be the lapdance "dream girl", a mystery woman who would meet the patrons one on one and always leave them wanting more, even if they seemed tired afterward. Soon she became so popular that she was never without a ready source of energy, able to take just a little from each "victim".

I caught her on a break and she came over and gave me a peck on the cheek. Laura's body looked incredible in the bikini she was wearing, and she had a big smile.

"Thank you, Tom," she said. "You may have saved my life. You certainly saved any lives I might have taken once I started to starve. How is Monday?"

"He woke up. I let him know what happened. You owe him an apology."

She nodded. "Bring him over to my apartment the next time he visits. That poor guy...he really loves that harpy."

"We still on for a Game of Thrones re-watch?" I asked her. Demie said the show reminded her too much of her family, which was pretty fucked up, and Kate never really had much interest in movies and TV.

"Hell yeah!" she replied, grinning. "Watching from separate chairs, though, obviously." She paused for a second, nibbling on her lower lip, and got closer. "Um, y'know, Tom, you were a first for me."

"You were a..."

"No, not a virgin, but every other man I had sex with passed out before...completion, y'know?" She got really close, whispering now, "You were the first one to give me your hot fucking load inside me. I've never cum so hard in my life!"

At the thought of filling Tillie's tight, wet pussy with my cum, I was as hard as a rock. She noticed. "Hmm...tempt you into a lapdance, sailor?" She ran a finger down my chest.

I backed off. "Sorry, can't crash onto those rocks again. See ya later, Tillie."

---

When I got home, Kate and Demie were waiting for me. Amy was sleeping in her playpen.

We hadn't figured out how Kate had been able to cast magic since losing her virginity, but it was gone again. Luckily it had manifested when she needed it.

"You, sit here," Kate pointed at the couch between her and Demie. I sat. "Having a baby is a troubling time in a relationship," she continued. "Obviously, we have been neglecting you and our fighting caused you to fall into the arms of a dangerous woman." Suddenly, Demie was naked, matching Kate's normal state. Kate pulled my shirt up and off, and then moved in to kiss me as Demie unfastened my pants and pulled them down. The demon then climbed onto my lap, her ass facing me, and angled my already hard cock into her scorching depths.

"Mmm..." I moaned into Kate's mouth as Demie's hot puss surrounded my hardness. Once again these sexy women worked together to make me feel good. Demie couldn't kiss me without possibly killing me, and Kate couldn't fuck me so soon after giving birth, so each of them swapped that job.

As Demie bounced on my lap, Kate continued to give me deep soul kisses. "I love you," Kate said in between kisses.

"Mm hmm..." I replied noncommittally.

Suddenly the baby woke up and started crying. "Oh!" Kate cried as she broke the kiss, and I felt wetness on my chest. Her breasts had started to leak! I grabbed Kate and pulled one of her dripping nipples into my mouth.

"OH! Oh, Tom..."

I tasted Kate's warm milk and my cock got harder. Demie moved faster on it, and I felt my orgasm hit me like a tidal wave. I blasted Demie's insides with my cum and felt her orgasm in response.

Then Kate went and picked up the baby for her feeding time. Demie dismounted, turned, and then licked the remaining milk from my chest, looking thoughtful as she tasted it. "Hm." Then her clothes were back and she plopped down next to me. I hooked my arm around her shoulder and she leaned in. Kate sat on my other side as she fed the baby, snuggling in as well.

Yeah, life was good.

To be continued...

---

Krosis' home on the web: http://www.asstr.org/~krosis

Fans or pans? E-mail Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)