Author: mypenname3000
Title: Mind Controlling Mothers Spreads Chapter Two: Two Mommy Sluts' Submissive Delights
Summary: Two mothers subit to their children and revel in being thier sluts!
Keywords: mFFf FF mf mFf mc inc oral creampie anal A2M 1st wife cuck exhib voy

Copyright 2022

Note: Thanks to wrc264 for beta reading this!

Virginia White

I was so excited when my new boyfriend and I arrived at my house with our mother-sluts in tow. It was so wonderful to have my mother as my sex slave and to have a guy to share her with. I couldn't believe before the store that I thought I was a lesbian.

I loved Will and his big dick. It had been so wild sharing my mother with him at the store. It all made so much sense. Mothers were meant to be dominated by their sons, and if they only had a daughter, well, she had to find herself a boyfriend to marry and become her mother's new son.

And I had found that guy in Will. We went to the same high school so it all worked out. What I found in him was amazing. I was so happy about it. I was just so thrilled to meet Will and his mommy at the store. Now the four of us were going to fuck.

We'll have to go back to the grocery store later, Will's mother said. Right, honey? We do need those groceries.

Later, later, Will said. We're not going to starve if we spend some time fucking.

Of course not, honey, his mother said, a black-haired and busty woman. She had blue eyes and a shaved pussy, a landing strip leading down to her twat. That was hot. 

I had to do something about my mommy's thick bush. I liked going down on shaved girls. I was shaved, and so was Mrs. Apollon. But right now, I was just eager to have some fun with my boyfriend and our mothers. I burned for it.

Our mommy-slaves were just so delicious. I was so glad that we had them.

Will slipped his arm around me, his hand cupping my naked ass. After fucking in the grocery store, it seemed so pointless to put on clothes. Why did we need such modesty when we had fucked our mommy-slaves before anyone who wanted to watch.

It was okay to love mommy slaves.

Shit! a guy shouted across the street. I glanced over to see the Reginalds' boy clutching his head while he mowed the lawn. He shook his head then glanced at the house. Mom! Mom, get that ass out here and suck my dick!

Oh, that was so good to see. And she came out and stumbled, gripping her head like she was in pain. I hoped everything was all right with her. I kept glancing back to make sure she was ok. In a moment, she was rushing to her son and dropping to her knees. She fumbled at his shorts then pulled his cock out like a good mommy-slave.

She swallowed him.

It was good that others here in Pueblo were learning the truth. It made me feel so good as my boyfriend opened the front door for me. I walked into the living room. Dad was sitting on the recliner watching baseball.

He glanced at us and gasped. He grabbed the sides of his head. It was almost like there was something magical broadcasting from me. Those inspiring words from the god and goddess. Those words echoed around the house or something.

Fuck, Dad muttered then blinked. Virginia?

Hey, Daddy, I purred. This is my boyfriend Will and his mommy-slave.

Uh, hi, said Dad. Boyfriend? I thought you were a lesbian.

Don't be silly, Daddy, I said. You never gave mom any sons, so I had to find a boyfriend to fuck her and make her into his mommy-slut! So Mom's all his now. Ours. She's our mommy-slut and sex slave from now on.

Oh, right, Dad said. Well, yeah, that makes sense. Sorry I never gave you any sons, Lana.

It's okay, Yancy, purred Mom, her voice throaty. Will is a great future son-in-law. He has such a big dick. I love being his and our daughter's slut. It's so rewarding.

Good, good, Dad said. I was glad that he understood how things were. It was great that he was so accepting of the revelation I had. It was divine. It had to be. Those two in the store were gods. A god and a goddess with their mommy-slaves.

And Daddy, maybe Will will let you fuck Mom sometimes, but we're going upstairs to have fun now. Love you, Daddy!

Love you, pumpkin, he said, waving. You, too, Lana.

Love you, Yancy, Mom said. Mmm, Will, I need you to fuck me so much. Your cock is amazing! Please, please, fuck your mommy-sluts.

Yeah, let's go, Virginia, Will said. I want to pound the fuck out of my three women.

Such joy burst through me. My virgin pussy clenched and relaxed. I hoped he fucked me. I had only let girls go down on me with their tongues. I had never let one of them pop my cherry. I understood why now. I was saving myself for Will and never even knew it.

I led the way upstairs, Will right behind me. He must be looking at my ass. I hoped he liked it. I thought I had a great ass. My blonde hair spilled down my back while my round boobs bounced before me. My pussy dripped with juices. The hot cream ran down my thighs.

Are you really a virgin? Will asked as I headed down the hallway to my parents' bedroom. There wasn't enough room in mine. 

Yeah, I said. Just let girls eat me out. I smiled at him. No dildos or fingers. I still have a cherry for you to enjoy.

Damn, you are amazing, Virginia, Will said. Love you so much. So that means we need to get you warmed up. Moms, that's your job. I want you eating her cunt out. Get her nice and ready for my big dick while I fuck... my mom.

Thank you, honey, Mrs. Apollon moaned.

Oh, we'll make my daughter squeal, my busty mother said. She was blonde, like me, but with hazel eyes instead of blue ones. She had a thick bush and curvy hips. A mature and gorgeous woman. I was glad that I would age well.

I turned and threw myself on my back. I squirmed there, spreading my legs. I was so ready to be devoured by our mommy-slaves. This was so hot. I just needed to have them devouring me. That would be perfect. I loved this so much. 

I squirmed on my back on the bed, smiling our mommies crawled towards my pussy. Their big boobs swayed beneath them. They were so gorgeous as they licked their lips. Tongues stroked over their plump lips as they stared at my cunt.

Will knelt behind them. He lorded over them, so tall and handsome. Fifteen and a hunk with brown hair and hazel eyes. He was so tall his big dick thrusting out before him. I shuddered at the sight of that delicious cock as our mothers pressed their cheeks together.

Mmm, your little girl has such a yummy-looking pussy, Mrs. Apollon groaned. Ready, Lana?

Oh, yes, Molly, Mom purred. The two sex slaves buried their faces into my snatch.

I gasped as the mothers ate me out. My mommy and Will's licked at me. I groaned at the incestuous delight of Mom licking at my pussy. The two MILFs lapped at my snatch. Their tongues stroked over my vulva and brushed my virgin petals.

I squealed in delight as they devoured me. Will grinned as he moved in behind his mother. He pressed his cock into her. She groaned as he thrust into her, a look of pure bliss on his face as he sank into her snatch. He was back where he belonged. Back where he'd come from. It was so magical.

Will, I moaned in delight, watching that pure rapture on his face. Oh, Will, fuck your mommy-slut so hard! She's licking my pussy! Getting me all ready for your cock!

He groaned as he pumped away at his mother. She purred into my snatch as she licked me with my mother. It was all so wonderful. I quivered on my back, savoring the pleasure rushing through my body. I loved every second of it.

Damn, Will groaned. You're so tight, Mom! Such a fucking tight twat. Damn!

Yes, yes, my son is so hung! she moaned as he fucked her. He pounded her, burying into her snatch over and over again. He thrust to the hilt in her again and again.

I loved watching him fuck his mother as our mommy-sluts devoured my pussy. Pleasure rippled through me as their tongues stroked over my vulva and folds. They licked and lapped at me with everything that they had. The two naughty mommies feasted on me.

Their tongues fluttered up and down my snatch. I groaned, my face twisting in delight as they licked and lapped at me. I loved what they were doing to me. They drove me wild with their hungry tongues. I loved it so much.

Yes, yes, yes, I gasped, my orgasm stirring in me. It was such a delicious sensation to feel. 

Mmm, you taste so good, honey, Mommy moaned.

Your daughter is delicious, added Mrs. Apollon as she took her own son's dick.

Goddamn, that's so hot! Will growled. You two mommy-sluts make her cum.

Yes! both mothers moaned together. 

Their tongues fluttered up and down my folds even faster. They teased me everywhere. I loved it. I quivered as they licked and lapped at me with all that they had. It was a great delight. An incredible passion. I trembled there, loving what they did to me. 

I shuddered as they licked at my clit. Their tongues fluttered over it together. They worked as a team to drive me wild. I groaned, my hands grabbing my firm titties. I squeezed my eyes shut, my body quivering. 

Yes, yes, yes, I moaned. Oh, my god, that's so wonderful. Oh, Mommy! Mrs. Apollon! You're going to make me cum!

Yes! growled Will. He slammed hard into his mother's snatch, her butt-cheeks rippling. Drown them. Flood them with all your pussy juices! That'll be incredible!

Oh, yes, yes, that's what I want to hear! Mrs. Apollon moaned and suckled on my clit.

Drown us, honey! Mommy purred before licking her tongue up and down my pussy lips.

It was all so wonderful. They were all making me feel just so amazing. I shuddered, my face twisting with delight as they licked at me like that. My back arched as my orgasm swelled to the bursting point in me.

I whimpered, my face scrunching up. I watched Will fuck his mother, just pounding her cunt, as she moaned around my clit. I quivered there on the bed, so close to bursting. I shuddered, my toes curling as Will slammed into his mother's pussy. She suckled hard on my bud.

I burst.

Will! I gasped. Oh, my god, Will! I'm cumming! Yes, yes, yes, I'm cumming so hard!

My pussy convulsed. Juices gushed out and bathed our mother's faces. My mommy and his licked up the cream flooding out of my writhing snatch. I groaned, the passion rushing through my body. The ecstasy swept over my thoughts.

I drowned in rapture. I loved it. I quivered there, shuddering through this bliss. It was an incredible passion to experience. I savored every moment of it. I loved every second of this passion surging through me. It was incredible.

Yes, yes, yes, I moaned, stars bursting across my vision. Oh, yes, yes, that's amazing!

I loved it. I savored this euphoria flooding through me. It was a fantastic delight to have gushing through me. I trembled through the bliss, my pussy convulsing and writhing. Such wild bliss drowned my mind.

Fuck! Will groaned as he buried into his mother's pussy.

Will, honey! she gasped, her head shooting up. Fuck!

Her eyes rolled back in her head as he flooded her with his cum. I could tell he was pumping her full of his jizz. It was so hot. I shuddered through my rapture, Mommy lapping at my cunt. I closed my eyes, savoring this heat rushing through me.

This was what I needed. It was an incredible delight to experience such passion. I shuddered here, my heart pounding in my chest. It was an amazing delight. I quivered here, sucking in deep breaths as I felt so good.

Just amazing.

I smiled at Will as he grunted, dumping his cum into his mommy's pussy. Flooding her snatch with the seed she needed. I was so happy that we had two mommy-sluts to enjoy. It was such a wonderful passion to experience this.

I was so happy that I had my awakening today. That I had met Will. I wasn't a lesbian. I was bi, because I wanted his big dick to fuck me now.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Will Apollon

Damn, I groaned, feeling so good after dumping all that jizz into my mother's pussy. You two sluts did great. Now go sixty-nine while I make love to my girlfriend.

Yes, Will, the two mothers moaned together. They crawled to the side, kissing each other. They shifted around, Mrs. White ending up on top of my mother. They feasted on each other, Mrs. White devouring my cum out of my mother's pussy.

I crawled towards my girlfriend, my dick throbbing. Virginia White was gorgeous. Blonde and beautiful, her blue eyes burning with passion for me. She bit her lower lip, my dick throbbing beneath me. I wanted to just ravish her.

She grabbed my cock and shuddered, her hand pulling me to her snatch. She quivered there, her round breasts rising and falling with her excited breath. I grinned at her, my nuts so ready to flood her pussy with cum.

She pushed me right against her virgin twat. She rubbed me up and down it. I groaned at the feel of her hot pussy lips on my dick. Then I pushed against her. I shuddered, savoring the delight of her hot cunt rubbing on my snatch.

I continued pushing against her. I drilled into her hymen blocking the entrance to her twat. Her eyes widened. 

Will, she breathed as her maidenhead stretched before my cock.

I settled down on my elbows then slid my arms beneath her, pushing against her. Virginia. I love you!

Such joy burst in her eyes. I love you, Will!

I pushed harder against her hymen as I lowered myself to her and kissed her. Her round breasts piled into my chest. She whimpered as I kissed her with passion. My tongue danced around in her mouth. I stirred her up.

Her hymen stretched and stretched and...

Her cherry popped.

Virginia squealed into my lips as my cock buried halfway into her snatch. I groaned at how amazing it felt to be in her. I thought our mothers had tight snatches, but they had nothing on Virginia's twat. She gripped me as I sank deeper and deeper into her.

I bottomed out into her pussy, reveling in her deflowered pussy around me. No other guy had been in her. Her pussy was all mine until our son was old enough to claim her as his mommy slut. The cycle would continue.

I drew back my dick. I loved the way her cunt squeezed about me. She held me tight in her snatch. I loved that heat around my dick. That wonderful passion would have me erupting. I buried back into her snatch.

It was heaven.

Delicious.

Paradise.

She groaned, kissing me with all the passion that she had. She held me tight as I pumped away at her cunt. I fucked into her twat over and over again. I thrust to the hilt in her. She groaned as I did that. Her pussy gripped me. 

I loved the way that she massaged me. I savored that heat surging through me. I pumped hard and fast into her twat. I fucked her with such force. She groaned, her twat gripping my dick. She held me tight with her delicious snatch.

Lana! Lana! my mother moaned, her voice muffled by hot cunt.

Oh, Molly, it's so hot licking your son's cum out of your pussy! Mrs. White moaned. Just so yummy!

Virginia broke the kiss and purred, Mmm, I bet it is.

I grinned down at her and thrust into her snatch. I plowed to the hilt in her cunt, my nuts slapping into her taint. I'm sure you'll get to enjoy my cum from both our mothers' twats.

Promise? she asked with a wicked twinkle, her twat squeezing down my dick.

I kissed her again, thrusting away at my girlfriend's pussy. I loved being in her cunt. I savored every thrust into her snatch. She had such a delicious cunt to fuck. Just a wonderful pussy to bury into again and again. 

My nuts slapped into her taint as I thrust away at her. I fucked her with force, so ready to just flood her with everything that I had. I would pump her full of my spunk. It would be an incredible delight to have her gasping beneath me.

Just wonderful.

I kissed her with hunger. My tongue thrust into her mouth. I kissed her with hunger. I loved the feel of her lips on mine as her hot pussy gripped my dick. She squeezed about my cock as I buried into her again and again.

The heat of her cunt gripped me. Massaged me. It was such a thrill to bury into her over and over again. She held me with that hot snatch. I reveled in every thrust into her pussy. I savored every plunge into her juicy twat.

Yes, yes, yes, Mrs. White moaned. Oh, Molly! Oh, that tongue! I never knew making love to another woman could be so delightful!

It is! You're just delicious, Lana! Delicious!

The sounds of our mother reveling in their lesbian pleasure only made thrusting into Virginia's pussy that much sweeter. My girlfriend trembled beneath me. She squeezed her twat down around my cock, holding me tight as I fucked into her snatch.

I loved how she held me. She massaged me with that delicious twat. I buried over and over into her cunt. I plowed deep and hard into her, reveling in the heat of her juicy cunt. My nuts tightened with each thrust into her twat.

She held me tight, her hands roaming over my back. I buried into her snatch, loving how her juicy cunt gripped me. The pressure in my nuts swelled as they slapped into her taint. She quivered beneath me, her pussy swelling the ache at the tip.

Virginia broke the kiss to gasp, Will!

I know! I groaned. I know! Shit!

I plowed into her pussy hard. Fast. I fucked into her with such force. I loved it. I plowed to the hilt in her cunt, enjoying that hot snatch about my dick. I groaned, loving the feel of her gripping my dick. She held me with such passion. 

Yes, yes, yes, I moaned. Oh, damn. Oh, that's good. Just squeeze that hot snatch around my dick!

Yes! she moaned, her pussy gripping me. She held me tight as I thrust to the hilt in her twat. I fucked into her cunt. Oh, Will! Oh, my god! That's so good! Yes, yes, I love this so much! I love your cock in me! It's so much better than I could imagine!

Not the lesbian you thought you were, eh? I groaned, burying to the hilt in her snatch.

No! she groaned. No, no, no!

I plowed over and over into her snatch. I fucked into her twat with hard strokes. I buried into her with such force. I loved how she gripped my dick. She held me tight, massaging me with that hot pussy. My nuts slapped into her taint, brimming with my cum.

Our mothers moaned beside us, feasting on MILF cunt. I loved the sounds they made as they writhed together. They quivered, my mom shuddering beneath Mrs. White. The blonde devoured my mother's cunt, just licking at her.

Oh god, oh god, oh god! Mom gasped out quickly. Lana!

Molly! Mrs. White groaned. Oh, my god, that's it... Yes!

The two MILFs writhed together as they came, sharing their motherly passion. It was so hot to watch as I fucked into my girlfriend's cunt. I buried deep and hard into her pussy. I fucked into her again and again. I loved the way she held me.

Virginia's fingernails raked my back. She clamped her twat down on my cock as she squirmed beneath me. I loved how her twat massaged me. It was an incredible delight. I savored the passion. The heat. I plunged to the hilt in her.

Will! she squealed and her pussy went wild around my dick.

My girlfriend climaxed beneath me. Her twat convulsed around my cock as I pumped away at her. I groaned at how amazing that felt. Her hot flesh suckled at the tip of my dick. I plunged to the hilt in her snatch and erupted.

Shit! I groaned.

I spurted over and over into her pussy. I erupted again and again. I loved the way her cunt convulsed around my dick. She massaged me with that wonderful flesh. I savored the heat convulsing around my dick. I loved the pleasure of it.

Stars burst across my vision. It was an incredible delight to erupt my cum into her snatch. I flooded her twat with my seed. Spurt after spurt of my cum pumped into her snatch. I groaned at the ecstasy. I loved the pleasure surging through me.

Shit, shit, shit, I groaned. Oh, fuck, that's so good. Damn, that's amazing!

I loved the heat spurting out of my dick as I flooded her snatch. She bucked beneath me, her cunt writhing around my dick. I loved how she suckled at me. Pleasure slammed through my body as she milked my dick.

Oh, Will, yes! Virginia groaned, her body trembling beneath me.

Oh, honey, flood your girlfriend, my mommy-slut groaned.

Yes, yes, my daughter needs your cum, Mrs. White groaned. Oh, yes, that's so hot!

It was so hot. I loved spurting my cum into my girlfriend's cunt. She writhed around me. Her hot cunt suckled at me with that wonderful flesh. She milked me dry. I groaned at that. I felt so good. I buzzed with the rapture of this moment.

I collapsed on Virginia, panting. She held me, her body quivering beneath me. She kissed at my cheek, her lips so soft. I loved the feel of her beneath me. I savored how tight her cunt was. She had such a delicious pussy.

Damn, I groaned. 

Mmm, she purred. Just wonderful.

I smiled at her. I bet you want to eat your mother's pussy.

I do, she said. I love pussy. And your big dick.

Mom, I'm going to fuck you in the ass as you eat my cum out of her pussy, I said. And Mrs. White, sit on your daughter's mouth so she can enjoy that slutty cunt!

Yes, Will! Mrs. White moaned while Mom gasped, Yes, honey! Anything you want! Fuck me so hard up the ass!

So fucking hard, I groaned and pulled away from my girlfriend. I slid out of her pussy, savoring that hot snatch massaging my dick. It was a nice delight. I moved back so Mom could get in position.

Mrs. White crawled off my mom and quickly straddled her daughter's face. The blonde MILF planted her furred muff on Virginia's mouth. My girlfriend groaned and went to town. She licked and lapped at her cunt. She feasted on that pussy with such hunger.

Yes, yes, yes, moaned my girlfriend in delight. Mmm, you're so yummy, Mommy!

So are you, honey, she purred as my mother crawled between Virginia's thighs.

I slapped my mom on the ass, loving the way her butt-cheeks jiggled. That was so hot to watch. My dick twitched at that hot sight. I loved it as Mom bent down, thrusting her rump up at me as she buried her face into Virginia's pussy.

Mom licked. Lapped. She cleaned up my jizz spilling out of my girlfriend's pussy. I loved the sight. It was so hot. So naughty. I grabbed my mom's butt-cheeks and parted them. If I wanted to fuck her in the ass, then I would.

I would pound her in the asshole and make her cum.

I pushed my wet dick, soaked in Virginia's pussy cream, into my mother's butt-crack. Right on her asshole. I loved the texture. That rough delight. I grinned and pushed. Mom groaned into Virginia's pussy as that incestuous asshole spread apart.

I used to think this was wrong. Forbidden to fuck my mother. But it wasn't. This was so right. I was so glad that I had embraced this supposedly taboo delight. Revelation had burned through my mind, and I knew the truth.

My mother existed for me to fuck her. To use her. To be my slut.

Will! she moaned into Virginia's twat as my dick pushed into her asshole. Her anal ring swallowed my cock. I shuddered as I sank into her velvety bowels. Oh, my god, yes, Will!

My fucking mommy-slut loves it up the ass! I groaned as I pressed deeper into her anal sheath.

I do! She clamped her asshole down on my pussy-lubed dick. I fucking do, honey!

I bottomed out in her bowels. I loved every second of the ecstasy of being in my mother's asshole. I reveled in that delight as I gripped her hips and drew back. I savored the heat of her bowels massaging my cock as I pulled back.

Fuck! I groaned as her anal sheath massaged my dick. Shit, yes!

She licked and lapped at Virginia's pussy, licking up my cum from the cutie's cunt. Mrs. White shuddered on her daughter's mouth. The blonde MILF groaned, her big boobs jiggling as she squirmed on Virginia's mouth.

The lesbian incest was so hot to watch as I drew back my hips. Mom moaned, her asshole gripping my dick. The slut worshiped me with that hot sheath. I loved it. I grinned and thrust back into her bowels. I fucked into her anal sheath with hard strokes.

She loved it, moaning into Virginia's cunt. I groaned, my nuts slapping into Mom's taint. I buggered her, my hands holding her hips as I loved every second of burying into her anal sheath. She had such an amazing asshole.

Damn, I groaned, plowing into my mother hard and fast. I fucked into her with such hard strokes. Damn, that's such a good ass.

Thank you! she moaned. Ooh, and licking your cum out Virginia's pussy is just so wonderful. I'm so thrilled to be your mommy-slut, honey!
Me, too! gasped Mrs. White, her big boobs jiggling as she ground her pussy on her daughter's mouth. Oh, Virginia, honey, my pussy is yours to love whenever you want!

Damn straight! I growled. We own you two! You're ours!

Yours! Mom breathed with such joy as I slammed my cock to the hilt in her asshole.

I loved it. This felt so right. The way the world was supposed to be. I reveled in fucking my mother's asshole. I slammed deep and hard into her bowels. I fucked her with force. I enjoyed every second of her velvety sheath around my cock. I loved every second of fucking her hard. Fast.

She squeezed her anal sheath around my dick. She held me tight as I fucked her hard. Her butt-cheeks rippled from the impact of my cock plowing to the hilt in her bowels. She moaned into Virginia's cunt, licking out the cum that I had left in her.

All that jizz I had pumped into my girlfriend's snatch.

I loved this. I fucked into her hard and fast. I buried deep and hard into her bowels. I loved it. I loved it so much. I groaned, fucking her harder. Faster. I plowed to the hilt in her anal sheath. I savored every moment of it.

Shit, shit, shit! I groaned. Oh, damn, that's good! Mom, that ass!

Enjoy it, honey! she purred. Mmm, and Virginia, I love your cunt so much!

Good! Virginia gasped into her mother's snatch. Oh, yes, yes, you get that tongue so deep in me. Just so deep licking out all your son's cum.

Such good cum, Mrs. White moaned, licking her lips. Oh, god, Virginia, I'm so lucky to have you as a daughter. I love being your slut!

Mommy! she squealed in delight.

I loved it as I fucked into my mother's asshole. I buried my cock to the hilt in her bowels. I pounded her hard and fast. I thrust to the hilt in her again and again. I reveled in that heat squeezing down around me. That wonderful passion gripping my dick. I fucked into her bowels with such hard force. I loved it.
Her bowels swelled the pressure in my nuts as I fucked into her anal sheath. I pounded her hard and fast. I plowed to the hilt in her, loving how she gripped me. She moaned as I sodomized her, licking and lapping at Virginia's cunt.

Yes, yes, yes, I groaned. Mom!

Oh, honey, I want your cum flooding my asshole! she cooed. 

You'll get it! I growled, slamming deep and hard into her anal sheath.

Mrs. White shuddered, her back arching as she enjoyed her daughter's licking and lapping. The naughty girl feasted on her mother with such passion. Her jaw moved as she devoured her mother's snatch. I loved the sight. It was so wicked to watch this as I fucked my mother's asshole.

I buggered her hard, my hands roaming over her body. I stroked her silky flesh. I loved the feel of her. I found her big boobs and held them. Kneaded them. So soft. So wonderful. Just the sort of thing every young man should feel.

His mother's tits as he ass-fucks her.

I drilled my dick in and out of her bowels with fast strokes. Hard thrusts. I buried over and over into her, savoring every thrust. Every plunge. I buried to the hilt in her with all that I had. It was an incredible delight to fuck her like this.

Yes, yes, yes! I groaned. Shit, that's good!

It is! gasped Mom, rubbing her face into Virginia's twat. Just keep fucking me, honey! I want to cum on your big dick. I'm your slut! Your mommy-slut! I have to cum and cum and cum on my boy's big, thick cock!

Yes! Mrs. White gasped, her back arching. Her tits thrust out at me. They quivered as ecstasy crossed her face. Oh, Virginia! My darling daughter! Yes, yes, just keep feasting on me like that!

I love your cunt so much, Mommy! she moaned, devouring her daughter. Drown me! Drown me in your incestuous cunt cream!

Yes! I growled, squeezing Mom's big milkers.

I pounded Mom in the ass. I fucked her with force. I buried to the hilt in her anal sheath again and again, reveling in the hot grip of her asshole around my dick. She massaged me with that delicious sphincter. She brought me closer and closer to cumming.

Closer and closer to spurting all my jizz into her bowels. I would just flood her. Just pump my spunk into her anal sheath. I thrust into her asshole hard and fast. I pounded her with everything that I had. It was outstanding.

Just amazing to do this.

I fucked her hard and fast. I pounded her bowels with my dick. I fucked her with everything that I had. I loved how hot and tight her anal sheath was. I reveled in the tight grip of her asshole around my dick. She held me tight.

Shit, I groaned. Oh, shit, that's so good! Fuck, that's amazing! Damn, Mom! I'm going to flood your asshole!

Oh, flood her, Will! moaned Virginia. Flood that slutty mommy's bowels with your cum. She's making my pussy feel so good! She's licking at my folds. My clit!

There's no more cum, so... Mom clamped down her asshole on my dick and moved her head.

Virginia squealed in delight into her mother's snatch.

Mrs. White shuddered there, her face contorting with the delight of her daughter's licking. We were all hurtling towards our orgasm. Both slutty mommies eager for their climaxes. I loved it. I pounded my mother hard in the asshole, the ache throbbing at the tip of my cock.

Her hot bowels massaged my dick. Her velvety flesh sent heat melting down my dick to my nuts. My cum approached a boil as I thrust into her anal sheath. I pounded her hard and fast, loving every second of this.

Yes! Mrs. White gasped. Oh, god, yes! Virginia!

She bucked. I just knew she was cumming on her daughter's mouth. She flooded Virginia with pussy cream. I loved the sight as I fucked hard into my mother's asshole. I buried deep into her flesh as the blonde MILF's tits smacked together.

Mommy! gasped Virginia, drinking her mother's cunt cream. Mrs. Apollon! Yes!

My girlfriend's squeals let me know she had joined her mother in cumming. My mother licked and lapped up the cream, moaning as she did. Her bowels gripped my cock, massaging me as I buried to the hilt in her anal sheath.

Oh, god, Will! Mom moaned. Oh, god, that's so good! Yes!

Her anal sheath went wild about my dick. She convulsed around me. I loved the way her bowels suckled at my aching dick as I buried to the hilt in her convulsing asshole. I squeezed her big tits hard and erupted. 

Fuck! I groaned and flooded my mother's asshole.

I pumped her full of my cum. It was such a rush to spurt over and over into her anal sheath. Her bowels writhed around my dick. She held me tight. I loved every second of her asshole convulsing around my dick. It was an incredible rush.

I loved every second of that bliss surging through me. It was an incredible rush to have all that pleasure spurting out of my dick and slamming through my body. My mother's asshole writhed around my dick. She milked me.

Oh, yes, yes, Will! she moaned as she worked at my jizz. Oh, that's so good! That's amazing!

Mommy! whimpered Virginia. Oh, drown me!

Honey! squealed Mrs. White, her big tits heaving as she squirmed on her daughter's mouth. 

I loved it all. This was such an exciting moment to witness all this passion. It was an incredible delight. I savored it surging through me. I loved the heat firing from my dick as I pumped my load into my mother's asshole. I hit the peak, her anal sheath massaging my dick dry.

Oh, damn, yes, yes, that's so good, I groaned, bliss buzzing through my veins. That was incredible. You are such a slut, Mom!

Oh, that's so sweet of you to say, honey, she cooed. I want to be the best slut I can for you!
You are definitely that, Mom, I said as I slid out of her asshole. Mmm, like you want to be in the slutty army.

Be all the slut-mommy you can be, she purred as she lifted her head and turned on the bed, her lips covered in my girlfriend's pussy juices.

I kissed Mom, tasting Virginia's spicy pussy juices. It was such a treat to enjoy such a delicious passion. Our tongues danced together. My hands squeezed my mother's big tits. I kneaded them, loving just how soft and heavy they were.

She had amazing tits.

Just perfect boobs.

I loved this so much.

I massaged Mom's tits as I kissed her with hunger. My tongue danced with hers as our lips melted together. She groaned into my lips. Her mouth was so soft. So delicious on mine. I kneaded her breasts as she groaned. I thumbed my fingers over her nipples as I heard more smooching.

I broke the kiss with mom, my thumbs still massaging her hard nubs. I smiled to see Virginia and her mother locked in a passionate embrace. My dick twitched and throbbed at how exciting it was. I loved the taste of Virginia's pussy, too.

She had a yummy one.

Virginia, you want to sit on my face as your mommy-slut sucks my dick clean of my mother's asshole? I asked stretching out on my back.

Virginia broke the kiss with her mother and moaned, Oh, Will, babe, you're so sweet!

I smiled and winked at her, my dick twitching and throbbing with my need to cum again. Mothers were just the perfect sluts. They were experienced and beautiful with bountiful tits. They were so loving, too.

So giving.

I stretched out on my back and smacked my lips. My girlfriend threw her leg over my head, her shaved pussy hovering over me. I had deflowered her. Now she lowered her spicy quim to my lips. I was so eager for her to just grind her snatch on me.

That would be so hot.

She planted her bald twat right on my lips. I groaned as I licked at her snatch. I slid my tongue through her lips. I licked and lapped at her, loving the flavor of her. The taste of her snatch. She had such a wonderful cunt to lick at. To eat.

Then her mother grabbed my dick and licked up the side of my dirty shaft. She buffed off the sour musk. I loved the feeling as I squirmed there. My back arched with the delight of this moment. I loved feeling her tongue licking at the crown of my dick.

That's it, Mommy! Virginia moaned as her mother cleaned off my cock. Ooh, you're such a slut! That was in Mrs. Apollon's asshole!

Mmm, I am, Mrs. White moaned then swallowed the crown of my dick.

Her hot lips slid over my spongy tip and sealed around my cock. I groaned as she nursed on my dirty dick. She caressed me with her hot tongue, swirling it about my rod. I groaned into Virginia's pussy, savoring being blown by her mother.

Mrs. White bobbed her head, sucking hard on my dick. She nursed on me with passion. I loved her sliding her lips up and down my cock as I lapped at her daughter's spicy folds. I thrust my tongue into Virginia's deflowered depths, caressing around in her.

I fucked my tongue into her snatch. I danced around in her twat, savoring the flavor of her cunt. Her mother suckled hard on my dick. She nursed with passion, polishing my dirty cock clean of my mother's asshole.

Oh, clean my son's dick, Mom moaned. You're such a good slut, Lana.

She is! Virginia moaned, squirming her shaved cunt on my mouth. I licked at her twat, gathering up all the spicy juices that she had leaking out of her pussy. Just a big slut! Polish my boyfriend's pole, Mommy! Suck him clean and swallow his cum!

Mrs. White moaned around my cock and nursed with such passion. I groaned as she did that. She bobbed her head, nursing with everything that she had. I groaned, loving the feel of her mouth working on mine. It was an incredible treat to have her suckling on me.

My nuts swelled with the pressure of my jizz. My cum brimmed in my balls, eager to erupt into the MILF's mouth. Her husband was downstairs, and she was up here nursing on my dirty dick while her daughter rode my face. 

I loved this so much.

I tongued up and down Virginia's slit. I brushed her clit. She gasped, her butt-cheeks clenching before my eyes as I did that. She squirmed there, smearing her cunt across my dick. I loved every moment of this.

She made such naughty sounds. Just such wicked things to hear. I loved them as I licked at her twat. I caressed her. I tongued her with everything that I had. I tongued her snatch. I licked and lapped at her with such hunger.

Yes, yes, yes, Virginia moaned.

Mmm, cum on my son, purred Mom. Drown him!

I wanted that. I suckled on my girlfriend's clit.

Oh, yes, yes, Will! gasped Virginia. Oh, babe, you're a stud! A stud! Yes!

Her pussy juices gushed out and bathed my mouth.

I groaned, licking and lapping up her flood of spicy cream. Her mother suckled hard at my dick, working her mouth up and down my dick. I groaned, my nuts tightening as I drowned in Virginia's spicy juices. My nuts tightened.

Make my son cum, Lana! my slutty mommy moaned.

Mrs. White suckled hard.

Shit! I growled.

I erupted.

My cum fired into Mrs. White's hungry mouth. I groaned, savoring that delight. It was an incredible delight to spurt over and over into her snatch. I loved every second of it. I savored the heat rushing into me. Just all this passion gushing through my body.

I growled into Virginia's cunt, licking and lapping at her with hunger. I savored this heat rushing through me. It was intense. Amazing. I loved every second of it surging through me. I groaned, my dick spurting over and over into Mrs. White's hungry mouth.

Fuck! I growled as she swallowed my cum.

Mommy, you slut! squealed my girlfriend. You drink all that cum! You swallow it all down. Yes, yes, just like that, you dirty whore!

Her mother gulped it all down as I hit that wonderful peak. I licked at Virginia's cunt, her body trembling on mine. I buzzed with the delight of having two mommy sluts to own. To control. A sexy girlfriend and a pair of mother-slaves.

What a wonderful life I had gained today. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Henry Archer  The God Sagittarius

I pulled up my car before the house. It was a two-story ranch that was quite a common sight in Pueblo. My girlfriend, Cherry, was sitting beside me. We had been so fortunate to get the halos from the Institution of Apotheosis.

Thanks to our disciples, Ulrich Geller and his mommy-slut, we had learned about this Institute and how Cherry wasn't supposed to receive the Virgo headband. But she had it now. There were ten other gods out there, too. Scattered across America.

We were supposed to enlighten the world. Well, I did it by the concept of mothers as sluts that boys should pass along. Cherry added that daughters should find boyfriends to love and share their mothers with. It was all so perfect.

I loved it.

Both our repeaters are in there, huh? I asked, staring at the house. How interesting that they would hook up.

Makes perfect sense, Cherry said, a big smile spreading over her lips. She was Korean with a round face and a delicate nose. My repeater saw yours dominating his mother and just fell head over heels in love with him. It's so sweet.

Mmm, which means there are two mothers in there we can do some swapping and fucking with. I threw a look in the backseat where my black-haired mother sat, her dark curls framing her beautiful face. Beside her was Cherry's mother, a gorgeous, Korean MILF with her daughter's delicate nose. So, sluts, shall we?

They both grinned, eager to be fucked by others. Mothers were such whores. I loved it. I climbed out of the car naked, my will radiating out around me, spreading far and wide. The twin voices wanted us to do that.

I wondered who those voices belonged to. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Agent Maia Danu

I watched the two pyschers and their mothers head up to the front door of the house. I flicked my gaze around, thinking of the perfect way to assassinate them and make it look like an accident. I noticed something on the side of the house.

A natural gas meter.

Perfect.

The Agency had deemed the pyschers too dangerous to live. The president wouldn't give the ordersenile, old foolso it had to be an accident. I climbed out of the car wearing gray coveralls like I was a repairman. I had a hat pulled over my headband to protect me from the pyschers. I went to my trunk and pulled out my toolbox.

Sabotage was one of the many lessons the Agency had taught me. 

To be continued...
