"Here we are!" Cheerfully gesturing to a clean booth, the hostess stepped aside to allow her guests to sit down. "Your waiter tonight will be Sam, and he'll be with you shortly, but for now, here are your menus, and here is the a' la carte discipline index. Is this your first time dining with us at Domestique?"
"Yes." Theo placed his hand on top of his husband's and grinned, "We've been looking forward to trying this place ever since some friends of ours recommended it."
"Well let me be the first to welcome you! Shall I briefly show you how the discipline index works?"
"Please!"
Opening the first page, the hostess pointed to salient portions of the index as she explained. "Simply review the index, and then mark your selections with the included red pen. Here, you can add additional comments if you'd like us to know anything specific about this adorable little girl."
Upon being referenced, Mera sank down into her seat, wishing she was at home playing on her phone instead of all dressed up for a fancy dinner with her partners, at some point during which she'd end up sobbing.
Brant yanked her up by the back of her dress. "Sit properly. What do you say when you are complimented?"
"Thank you, ma'am."
Brant grunted approval and turned his attention back to the index. "So do we just hand this in when we're finished?"
"Yes, Sam will collect your filled-out index when he takes your orders, and while you are served drinks and your appetizer, he will administer a warmup, and then complete the discipline during dinner."
"Great!" Theo was already excitedly paging through the index.
"Enjoy!" The hostess left, leaving Mera alone with her partners and with one final opportunity to change their minds.
"Please let's just go home!"
Brant pulled her closer against him in the booth and kissed the top of her head. "No."
She was getting nowhere with bad cop...maybe good cop was more agreeable?
"Sir, I--"
"Nope!" Theo happily interrupted. He turned a page in the index and chuckled as he looked across the table at Brant. "You know honey, they offer some really unique positions. Should we start with OTK and then finish up with something different?"
"Wait!"
"Mera, we are talking, don't interrupt."
Brant took the index and browsed it, holding it high enough that Mera couldn't peak inside. "I think if I had to pick a second position, I'd do number eleven."
"I like that," Theo took the index back and made a little check mark.
"What was number eleven?"
"Surprises are more fun."
Mera tried to keep her voice from approaching a whiny register and only partially succeeded. "But I wasn't even bad or anything, please!"
"I'm aware, however, regular and thorough spankings are very healthy for growing young women."
"I'm twenty-eight! I'm not growing!"
Theo smiled at his loves arguing across the table and tsk'd, "Now now, everyone grows a little bit every day in a different way."
At that moment, their waiter Sam arrived with a tray of three waters. A tall, strapping young man with rolled up sleeves and a big goofy grin that made Mera feel even more diminutive than she already did.
"Hey folks, I'm Sam, and it's my pleasure to be your waiter tonight! Would you like me to run through tonight's specials?"
Theo nodded and paused reading the index, "Oh yes please."
"Tonight, we have an amazing citrus-marinated rib eye with balsamic carrots, long grain rice and optional onions and mushrooms, as well as a wood-grilled salmon steak that comes on a bed of quinoa with an avocado-cilantro cream sauce and roasted pepper puree, and for the discipline index, our special is a bent-over-chair spanking administered with a belt and ruler, with the option to include open-palm swats and/or knuckle swats."
Mera shifted in her seat. For fuck's sake, why did they have to come to this restaurant? Why was the waiter hot? Why did she have to get spanked instead of just getting drunk and eating bread and pasta with the cuties she came with?
"So, what can I get you folks?"
Brant closed his menu. "We'll start with the bruschetta as an appetizer, and for myself, the steak sounds great, so I will order that. Can I ask for it rare?"
"Of course sir, and for you?"
Theo pointed out a pasta dish on his menu, "Instead of sausage, can I order this with meatballs instead please?"
"Yes - I can personally vouch for the meatballs here, they are fantastic. And to drink?"
"She'll stick with water, but we'll order a bottle of Trivento Golden Reserve Malbec."
"Sounds good!" Sam finished writing the note, and then turned to beam a friendly smile at Mera. "Now, I'll be bringing your meal out at the end of the night for you to take home with you, but I'll put your order in now with theirs."
She felt her face flushing red as she responded politely but very quietly. "May I have the grilled pineapple chicken please?"
"You got it!" Sam wrote her order down and then stuffed the notebook away in his apron. "I can take your menus and if you're finished filling out your index I will take that now too."
Theo handed back the index and the menus which Sam accepted with a nod. "Alright, while I go put these orders in, why don't you get ready for me to come back?"
Mera jumped slightly, realizing whom he was addressing. "Um."
Sam held his hand out to her, and from behind, Brant firmly pushed her out of the booth. "What's your name?"
"Mera."
"Okay Mera," Sam deftly began to maneuver his charge with the professional familiarity of someone who's done it a thousand times. "I'm gonna have you stand here, ah, what a cute dress you are wearing, and give me your arms...okay, I am going to lift your skirt up in the back, please hold it-- yes, just like that, good girl!" Satisfied with her arrangement, Sam scampered off toward the kitchen.
Mera stood before her partners' table, skirt up, ass presented to the restaurant. Thank god she was wearing a very cute pair of panties. At least, at LEAST she could cling to vanity in this moment of terrible distress!!
No longer tucked into the booth, Mera could clearly hear and see the other spankings happening around the restaurant. She'd assumed the noise would be chaotic, but with high ceilings, thick carpets, and clever interior architecture, the sounds of dutiful punishment seemed relatively contained to the immediate areas in which it was occurring.
Domestique certainly boasted a veritable cornucopia of discipline options. In her eye-line alone, Mera spotted a fully-nude caning proceeding at one end of the restaurant, a few tables over there was a young man clearly getting a good boy spanking, if the puddle of cum on the floor was any indication, and over on the left was another boy face-planting into the carpet in wheelbarrow position, wailing as a wooden spoon was expertly applied to his bare bottom.
Shifting on her feet, Mera grimaced at the feel of her wet panties against her crotch and wondered what her discipline would entail. But she didn't wonder long, because Sam promptly arrived carrying a chair with one hand and a tray of food with the other, still grinning heartily at his guests. Sam walked behind her, and she could hear the chair being set down a split second before she was unceremoniously snatched up and tossed over his lap before she could even yelp in surprise.
"There we go, just settle in." Mera glanced up behind her, to see Sam casually talking to her partners as if he didn't currently have a girl upended over his lap. "So, I'll be giving Mera her warmup now, but please feel free to give me feedback as I do so - if you'd like me to go harder or softer, change the tempo, disrobe her further, anything you'd like."
"Thank you Sam, we'll be sure to do so."
"Then I won't keep this cute girl waiting any longer." And the first swat slammed home.
Mera winced, but kept her composure through the first dozen smacks. Brant was a good deal stronger than this, so she could tolerate it (for now) and Sam was far more methodical in his application: left side, right side, left side, right side, instead of the haphazard all-over-the-place style Theo tended to have.
A pause. A quick rub over her panties that barely provided relief, and then back to it.
"Sam?"
"Yes sir?" Sam did not pause while replying, to Mera's chagrin.
"Why don't you lower her panties and give her a little more sincerity behind those swats?"
"My pleasure." With the efficiency of a robot, abruptly Mera's panties were yanked to the floor, and his next swat was twice as hard.
"Ah!"
"There we go!"
Mera grit her teeth angrily at the pleasantly chipper voice above her.
"You were so quiet I thought for a moment you might have fallen asleep!"
She ground out "No, sir." With as much congeniality as she could manage.
"She just likes to pretend to be tough." Said Brant, in between bites of bruschetta, "Actually, do me a favor, and lift her head up."
Mera felt Sam grab a fistfull of hair and she was yanked up, and then her head twisted to the side so she could stare at her partners.
"No lip-biting, right baby girl?"
"No sir."
"I hope not, I was very clear the last time I caught you doing that to prevent yourself from making noise."
"I'm not biting my lips!"
"Just letting you know I'm keeping an eye on you." Brant nodded at Sam, "You may continue."
Mera dropped back down to the floor after being released and defiantly chewed on her tongue in her mouth as Sam got back to work behind her. She wasn't pretending to be tough, she was tough. And now that Brant had called her out she redoubled her efforts to stoically take her swats.
Except Sam was incredibly energetic, and the systematic way he was spanking her was beginning to take its toll, if only because he kept smacking the exact. Same. Spots. The warmup was also beginning to feel like it was taking forever. Mera initially managed to keep track of the number of swats, but when it went past 46, she lost count and resigned herself to trying to stay still and take her spanking graciously.
She just had to stay still and take it. And stay quiet. No one would get the pleasure of her crying tonight! She just had to take it.
But taking it was getting challenging. The swats just wouldn't stop. At this point, at home, she would already be waiting in a corner for the next phase of her spanking, or at least for an implement change. But Sam hadn't slowed down in the slightest, and continued to vigorously spank her, showing no signs of strain or fatigue. The slight ache in her backside turned into a sting, which turned into a burn, which now was reaching a full-blown inferno behind her, and Mera now vocally appreciated each swat.
"Please!"
"Please what? Is there something the matter?" Inquired Sam with a very gentle voice; the spanking however, continued unabated.
"AHH!!"
"Oh my goodness." Theo's soothing voice intoned over the noise of swats, "My poor Mer-bear, it stings huh?"
Mera swallowed her first reply which had almost been 'No shit, Sherlock' and instead obediently responded, "Yes sir!"
"How unfortunate! And Sam certainly looks like he has energy to spare!"
"I do sir!"
"I suppose you'll just have to endure a bit more, huh, Mera?"
"Please--I'll--I'll be good! I-I'm--" Mera's natural inclination was to apologize, but there was nothing to be sorry for, and so she hung her head and scraped her feet against the floor, and wiggled and squirmed, and dug her nails into the carpet, and still, still Sam spanked her poor bottom without letting up.
Her next option was usually to beg and whine and play to her partners' soft spots, however minor, but Sam was an affable stranger, being paid good money to destroy her ass, what could she possibly persuade him with?
And still he spanked. Mera felt tears coming and angrily kicked her foot. How could she be crying at a warmup for god's sake? It was an extremely bad forecast for the rest of the evening if this was already enough to make her weepy. Crying from just a hand spanking alone was an embarrassment - she was far too grown, too mature and too resolute to cry from something so simple! And yet, her nose was already running, her mind was already rapidly descending into a subby headspace, and truly, like a machine, Sam smacked away with nary a pause or hesitation.
"OWWWwwwhuuuuuuu---" And that was it, that was the end of her resolve. Mera crumbled into indignant tears which somehow, as it always did, made everything hurt worse.
"Awwww cutie." Mera heard Theo only partially over the sound of her own crying and Sam's smacking.
Suddenly, Sam stopped, and the blessed reprieve of a gentle rub prompted harder crying since Mera knew very well she was not through. He helped her up off his lap, guided her over to the table again, back to the same position, and put her hands behind her, holding up her skirt once more. Except now her bottom was bared and freshly spanked.
He knelt by her feet and gently tapped her calf. "Please step out of your panties Mera."
Unsteadily, she lifted up one foot and then the other for Sam to remove the lacy scrap. Standing, the efficient waiter balled up her panties and then took her chin in his left hand. "Open."
She flinched, and then let her jaw drop open so Sam could stuff her own panties into her mouth.
"Very cute." Brant smiled.
"I agree, I've never had a comment request to do this style of gag, but it is very cute!" Sam admired his own handiwork for a moment before turning back to the table. "I'll give you folks a chance to enjoy your food a little longer while I go check on your meals in the kitchen." Turning to Mera, he smiled and patted her bottom reassuringly. "No rubbing now, okay Mera?"
"Ohh fir..." Mera replied, half muffled by fabric. She could taste herself on her panties and fought the urge to spit them out. Sam trotted off, Brant and Theo poured themselves more wine, and Mera stood silently, drooling around her panties, sniffling pathetically, waiting for Sam to come back and finish his beastly assignment.
Returned to a better vantage point, Mera could see the rest of the restaurant again. A girl was getting her knuckles smacked, a very distressed boy was being sternly lectured while feeling the business end of a paddle, and another girl all the way on the other side of the restaurant was being switched from her bottom all the way down her thighs as she danced around in vain. The smell of steak wafted by, and glimpsing Sam enthusiastically making his way over to their booth, Mera felt the pit in her stomach grow.
Ignoring Mera, Sam delivered their dinner, helpfully refilling wine and water glasses and grating cheese onto Theo's pasta. Once they were taken care of, the waiter turned to Mera and held out his hand. "You can spit those out."
She did. Gratefully. And when Sam silently handed her a glass of water, she forgot that she was supposed to be angry at him for a moment, thanked him effusively, and immediately downed half the glass.
"Very good." Sam took the glass, returned it to the table, then firmly grasped Mera by the arm and made his way over to the chair. Finally, Mera noticed the ping-pong paddle tucked under his arm and out of pure self-preservation, began to pull back. If Sam noticed resistance, he didn't let on, and simply tugged her along until he was back in the chair and she was back over his lap, already sniffly at the promise of more spanking.
But instead of the paddle, the first swat was just his hand. "You seem like a good girl Mera, but I'll remind you of the rules anyway. No reaching back, and while it's okay to kick those little feet of yours a bit, if you get too unruly I'll restrain you, okay?"
God. The infantile way he spoke to her made it worse.
"I won't kick, sir."
"Hmm, don't be too sure now." And with that ominous reply, Sam gave her the first swat.
Mera had been paddled before - who hadn't? But she hadn't been prepared for how strangely loud a ping pong paddle would be. A loud POP stunned her as the hot blast of pain spread through her skin and Mera almost lifted her foot from the floor. She was given no opportunity to recover as the next swat came right after.
"Achh!" Tears sprang and she was crying just two spanks in. Mera was annoyed at herself for breaking so fast, but any self-reproach would have to wait.
Sam settled into a slow rhythm of swats, tapping each cheek gently for aim before sharply slapping down the paddle with an impressive sound effect each time. Mera kicked at swat number seven, and by fifteen, she was having a hard time staying still in general. Fifteen was also where she lost count, and just bawled over his knee, legs fidgeting mightily as she struggled to stay still.
"Mer-bear you look so adorable right now."
Instead of replying, Mera cried more and kicked the floor with her toe half- heartedly.
"Sam go ahead and finish up."
"Of course."
Mera felt herself lifted up, and she clumsily stood up on her own two feet, but was simply pulled back down again, now straddling Sam's solid thigh, pussy fully exposed and legs spread.
"Noooo--" This inspired more energetic struggling as Mera bucked up, hastening to try and escape somehow, but found she was held down securely.
"Mera, settle down and let Sam finish, you've been behaving so nicely..." Theo's soothing voice sounded a little too pleased for Mera to be completely comforted. "Show him how well my good girl can stay still for the rest of her spanking."
In rational moments, Mera would proudly claim sweet-talk didn't work on her. Right now however, like a magic charm, she obediently laid down and allowed her legs to relax on either side of the strong leg pushing up against her crotch.
Sam adjusted his hold around her waist, and she felt him tap her with the paddle. "Hang on!" He cheerfully advised.
She howled for every smack. With her legs spread apart like this the edges of the paddle were now managing to reach the sensitive inner sides of her cheeks and she let him know how little she appreciated it with hearty sobs.
A particularly fierce smack had Mera gasping and clawing at the chair legs prompting a sympathetic "Mhmm," from Sam before he repeated it on the other side. And then again. And then again. And just when Mera was certain she wouldn't be able to sit for the rest of her life, suddenly the swats stopped. The hand around her waist moved to her back and rubbed a slow circle while another hand simply rested on her sore bottom. She coughed wetly at the carpet, and her eyes refocused as she began to catch her breath. Immediately underneath her face the carpet was dotted with little stains from tears and snot.
"Up we go-" Sam effortlessly lifted her up and into his lap right side up before drawing her close against his chest for a hug. Relief flooded through Mera and she collapsed into the embrace, scrubbing her messy face with the back of her hand and sucking big gulps of air until she began to truly calm down.
"I'll take her."
Lifting her head, Mera saw Brant standing beside them, holding out his arms, and she practically leapt into him, nimbly climbing up into his arms, emotional and drained and sweaty and needy. One big arm wrapped securely around her in a bear hug while the other went underneath her, his hand groping her bare bottom for "support."
"Poor thing. He gave it to you good, didn't he?" Brant bounced her slightly in his arms and kissed the side of her face and neck and squeezed her affectionately. "How about we take you home and make it alllllll better, hm?"
Mera pushed her face harder against his chest and nodded. Going home sounded nice. Going home and getting a little reward sounded even nicer.
Theo appeared at Brant's side and ruffled her hair. "I have the food."  
Mera looked over at the table. The glasses were empty, plates were cleared, a neatly stacked pile of cash was resting on top of a receipt and indeed, Theo was holding a paper bag stuffed with food boxes. Had they finished and paid all while she was being spanked and she hadn't noticed?
"Folks it was a pleasure to serve you tonight, I hope you'll come back to visit us here at Domestique soon!" Sam patted Mera's head gently, "There is a little treat for you in the bag for when you get home since you took your discipline so well. Behave yourself until I see you again, alright?"
Mera nodded, but privately she promised herself she would never set foot in this establishment again. She buried her face into Brant and let herself be carried out of the restaurant, failing to notice Theo picking up a takeout menu and discipline index on their way out the door.