BBQ Adventure (Part 1)
By Nikki

Tian called and invited me to a BBQ at the home of a married couple she is friends with down on the Jersey shore near Long Beach Island (LBI). She had apparently told them about the BBQ where she met me and they wanted to invite their friends to their own adult BBQ with me in attendance. I asked Tian if I needed to worry about showing too much skin and she told me I could show as much as I wanted. I said I would go but needed to decide what I would wear and I would talk to her later in the week. I have been chatting and exchanging e-mails with Sassy Susan daily for the last few months and we talked about the BBQ. During the course of the conversation I decided that my outfit for the BBQ was going to be a short flirty skirt and nothing else. Tian was coming to pick me up for the near hour long drive down the Garden State parkway.

I called Tian and told her what I planned to wear and she was thrilled. "Nikki, my friends will love seeing you arrive to their house topless, naked or however you choose and so will I." She said "I have another idea, if you think it will be OK. Once we are there for a bit I want to take my skirt off and have you destroy it in front of everyone."

"Oh sure it will be fine, they expect you to be naked sooner or later."

"Tian you need to promise that once we get there and you destroy my skirt that no matter what happens you will not let me cover up until we get back to my house." I said, not realizing how I would regret these words that Saturday night.

"I promise Nikki. Once you're naked you will not be able to coverup at all." Tian said with noticeable excitement in her voice.

"Great! I'll talk to you again before the weekend."

So I had confirmed I would wear just a skirt, no to, jewelry or shoes on Saturday. Soon after talking to Tian I was online talking to Sassy Susan and telling her about my wardrobe decision. Susan is always making suggestions as to what I could do to encourage audience participation and physical contact and for that I love her, but I know the evil bitch ( love you sweetie) is going to get me in trouble one day. Susan came up with the idea of decorate Nikki for the BBQ.Non-permanent markers would be used for two teams to decorate me,each team getting one side of my body from head to toe. Somehow this idea intrigued me and before I knew it I was agreeing to be decorated with markers. More on the rules later, I mentioned it to Tian and she loved the idea so now I was leaving home in just a skirt, going to have it removed and destroyed and let a bunch of strangers decorate every part of my naked body with markers. It was also decided that the winning team would use soapy water and their hands to wash me off.

I had to go buy markers and I wanted to buy a cheap, sexy, short skirt that I would mind having destroyed. I should have paid more attention to the weather report during the week before the BBQ. I went out and bought the markers and a cute, flirty pink skirt to wear on Saturday. I saw near the end of the week that we were in for a few days of less seasonal temperatures. We have had a pretty hot summer for New Jersey a lot of days in the upper 80's and 90's but Saturday looked to be in the mid-seventies which I thought would be fine. I looked Friday night at the weekend weather and saw Saturday was going to be near 75 but breezy and the temperature was going to drop down to about 58 Saturday night. So 58 is not freezing but add in the breeze and it's quite nippy especially when naked. I wasn't about to change my plans, if worse came to worse I could warm up inside from time to time.

Everything was set, Tian would pick me up about 2pm on Saturday for the hour drive to LBI. I woke up Saturday morning and didn't bother to dress as I wasn't going to go anywhere until Tian arrived. It was a rather breezy day and only going to be 75 at best. After a light lunch I took a shower and did a bit of makeup and my hair. I had my belly ring in but that was the only piece of jewelry I would wear.Shortly before two I put on my skirt and waited for Tian to arrive.She arrived right on time and approved of my outfit , if you could call it that. I had on the pink skirt, nothing else and that was all I would have with me for the ride down to the BBQ. I took just a tiny purse with some cash, a bank card and house key and walked out to Tian's car naked. Traffic was horrible and the hour drive took just under 2 hours.

It was a painfully slow ride down the Garden State Parkway which kept me from maybe displaying some body parts against the window. If I had needed to pee I would have had to get out of the car and pee in the trees alongside the roadway. I doubt I would have been allowed inside at one of the rest stops. Thankfully that need didn't arise and although I am sure my bare breasts were probably seen by thousands it was an uneventful ride. On the way down I wanted to find out a bit about who would be at the BBQ. Tian told me that her friends Cindy and Dave were the hosts, married in their early 30's with no children yet. She didn't know anyone else who would be there but once again I was assured that my attire or lack of it would be welcomed with excitement and not just by the guys. I always worry about pissing off the women that are there with their significant others. Tian couldn't really tell me a lot but she did tell me that she had not told Cindy and Dave about my outfit as she wanted them to be surprised.

They knew that I would be scantily dressed and at some point I would be naked and they were looking forward to our arrival. We got off the parkway down near Long Beach Island (LBI) and after a few main roads we were on one of the small narrow streets found all over the Jersey shore. Most houses are small ranch style, the front yard all pebbles and either grass or pebbles in the backyard. Most were on small lagoons that lead out to Barnegat Bay. We arrived at Cindy and Dave's and I began to feel the urge to pee which I think was caused by the butterflies dancing in my belly. I get nervous when I am walking partially or fully naked into a strange place filled with people I don't know. I know that is a normal reaction to a not so normal situation.I do thrive on all of the emotions that come with running around nearly or fully naked, even the fear. The fear is only surpassed by the sheer excitement of being naked where I shouldn't and my being the center of attention when I walk in and all eyes are on me. We parked right in front of the house and after taking a deep breath I exited the car once Tian was out and standing by the passenger door.I stepped out providing Tian with a nice look up my skirt. It was quite breezy and a bit cooler than a typical August day in New Jersey. The actual temperature was about 75 but it felt cooler with the breeze and especially since we were right on the water. No one greeted us out front and Tian said that she was told to walk around to the backyard when we arrived. Tian led the way and as we approached the backyard I could hear people talking. It sounded as though there was more than just a few people back there. Another deep breath and we entered the backyard with Tian still in front I was somewhat hidden from view.

A cute blonde, who I soon found out was our hostess Cindy turned toward us and said hello to Tian before asking, "Is that Nikki behind you?"

"Yes, this is Nikki" Tian replied as she stepped aside to let me be seen by all those looking our way.

I could see most people were obviously shocked by my outfit. Cindy seemed taken aback for just a moment but recovered and said she was very pleased to meet me.

"Is that skirt all you wore when you left home?" Cindy asked

Before I had a chance to reply, Tian grabbed my skirt and lifted the front up exposing my freshly shaved pussy. "Yep that's how she left home" Tian replied giggling.

Well I was certainly the center of attention now and so far no one seemed to be giving me any dirty looks. There were quite a few people there and it looked like we had been the last to arrive, which I found out later was Tian's plan. Introductions were made all around.There were 15 people total including myself and Tian. Dave and Cindy were the hosts and there were three other couples there either married or dating, two single guys and three girls, two single and one with a boyfriend who couldn't make it. I will give details as needed about the other guests. We moved into the backyard and I saw that the house was right on a lagoon with houses close on each side and a few across the narrow lagoon. There was a lot of boat and jet ski traffic as they passed either as they headed out to or back infrom the bay.

There were a lot of horns tooting as boats passed and I was spotted sitting topless facing the water. Tian obviously directed me to that chair so I would be visible to anyone passing. We had arrived around4 p.m. and enjoyed a couple of drink Hors d'oeuvre's little food.There was a trailer off to the side of the yard, the side of the trailer was facing the yard. I asked about the trailer and Cindy said it belonged to a DJ who would be arriving shortly. They had been playing music from a radio since our arrival.It was almost 6:00 and I noticed the temperature had dropped a bit. I was just a little worried because the forecast was for below average temperatures. They were expecting lows in the fifties that night and then with the breeze and being right on the water it would certainly feel much cooler. I do like to venture out naked in cool or cold weather, snow, rain whatever. I just limit my time outside depending on the temperature. I even enjoy taking a naked walk in my backyard after a snowstorm and making naked snow angels. However here I had nothing but my skirt, Tian had brought nothing extra and I wouldn't even have my skirt later. I decided to get up and walk around a little as it was just a bit cool sitting there in the breeze. I asked for directions to the powder room and went in to pee and freshen myself up. I finished up and walked back out to the group feeling my skirt flip up from the breeze.

"The breeze keeps blowing my skirt up" I said

"I can fix that." Tian said with a sly grin.

(continued in part 2)

BBQ Adventure (Part 2)
By Nikki

She took my hand and led me over to a wooden picnic table and had me step up onto the bench and then the table. She called Cindy over and whispered something to her that sent Cindy off into the house. As I stood on the bench Tian grasped the hem of my skirt on either side and began to slowly pull it down. The elastic waistband was soon well below my hips and getting close to the top of my pussy. Once it got down a little more Tian let it go and it slid down to my bare feet. I stepped out of it and watched Tian take it off the table, holding it until Cindy returned, Tian had told Cindy to get scissors. Tian took the scissors and began cutting my skirt into little pieces as everyone watched in amazement. Now I was totally naked and had nothing with me or in the car. The only thing that concerned me at all was the weather but I figured if it got to be too cold I would go in the house to warm up.

I noticed there was a new female that had arrived while I was being stripped of my skirt. She was introduced as Jesse the DJ. She was adorable, about 5'2", not much more than 110 pounds, a brunette with pink tips and rather large boobs for such a small girl. I later found out she was 25 years old, 34c-22-33 with hazel eyes and just 105 pounds. After everyone got over my being totally naked we sat around and chatted a bit more. I could feel it had gotten cooler and it was only about 6:30 p.m. I got up to walk down to the end of the yard near the lagoon and asked Tian to walk with me.

"I think if we are going to play this game we need to get started, it's getting a bit chilly." I said quietly to Tian. "Sure Nikki I will ask who wants to play and we can start."

"Good because it's going to get even cooler and I want to be done and cleaned up in case I need a towel to warm up."

"No sweetie, you can't have a towel or anything else." Tian said
quite sternly. " But it's going to be colder than I expected." I said realizing Tian
was going to stand firm on her promise.

"You told me that I am not to allow you any type of cover-up until we are back at your house, you made me promise and nothing will cause me to break it."

Well I figured I would go in the house or something if it got unbearable, especially after the game. Tian had the markers in her purse and when we were back among the group she announced that she had devised a game to play. Everyone wanted to know what the game was, figuring it was one of the usual games people play, Truth or Dare, Charades or something like that then Tian began to explain the game and said everyone could choose to play or not.

"This game is called decorate Nikki." Tian began having everyone's interest.

These are the way the game is played. Those who participate will be divided into two equal teams. Each team will use non-permanent markers to decorate my naked body from head to toe, no area being off limits. They will each get one side of me from my forehead down to my toes. This will give each team one entire side of me front and back, head to toe. Jesse the DJ will be the judge and the winning team will get to clean me off afterwords with soapy water using only their hands. Now some of the girls may not care to participate and some of the attached men may want to but may be reluctant to do so.

All in all ten people wanted to play the game, Cindy and Dave, our host and hostess wanted to play and of course Tian. The two single guys, Anthony and Vince, the two single girls, Kelly and Lisa, Sarah whose boyfriend was not there and a married couple Mark and Carol. The other couples did not want to play but they had no problem watching. Jesse the DJ went over and entered her trailer, then the front panels opened and I saw that it had a video screen on each panel, for Karaoke. The picnic table I would later stand on to give people access to my lower half was near the trailer so Jesse could stay inside there and judge. It was getting cooler and I was beginning to worry about when I got washed down. Maybe that could be done inside while I stood in the tub.

"Ok everyone, we are ready to start. You have 20 minutes to decorate your side of Nikki and don't be shy, she certainly isn't." Tian said winking at me.

"Jesse will decide the winners and remember there is no area of her body that's off limits." Tian said as she moved me near the table.

"Should I lay down and let them do one side then flip over?" I asked.

"No, stand up for now so you are in full view of the passing boats."

So I stood there legs about shoulder width apart and Jesse said the time was starting. Suddenly I was being tickled by markers all over my front and back. There were people working on each side of my face and on my chest and boobs. I would feel a hand on me now and then as people worked on various parts of me. I guess about five minutes passed when I heard Jesse's voice come booming out of the speakers.

"Do you like all those hands on your naked body, Nikki?"

I realized that anyone nearby would be able to hear Jesse and that would certainly draw attention our way.

"Nikki has a flower on her left tit" boomed from the speakers. After about ten minutes my body was covered from my hips to my face with flowers, words, and all kinds of designs.

"Stand on the table Nikki" Tian said as she took my hand to steady me as I stepped up. Then they started working on my legs, feet and ass. I felt my ass cheeks being separated, they wanted to be sure they got everywhere.

"Don't forget her pussy." came out of the speakers.

I noticed there was a small traffic jam on the lagoon as boats were slowing down as they looked at me naked getting decorated. It seems Jesse doing a play by play had help to draw more attention my way. I had forgotten about the cool air and hadn't noticed the breeze had picked up since starting. I was so excited from all of the attention and the occasional hands on my body. Then I felt for the first time a
marker on my pussy. I looked down and saw Tian working on one side and then Kelly moved in to start on the other side. Tian made sure she didn't miss a spot and Kelly followed suit. Now I knew that they had to be able to see I was wet or at least would notice the scent from my arousal.

"Five minutes left, people." came from the speakers.

I saw all the boats, guys with binoculars and I'm sure though I didn't see them there must have been a few camera's. There were houses right across the narrow lagoon and I saw people out in their yards I was loving this and was happy Sassy Susan suggested it and talked me into doing it. looking across also. Especially among all these strangers both at the party and on the boats. All the partygoers were strangers with the exception of Tian but I had thought this would be a safe place to step out of my ever increasing comfort zone and allow people to be hands on with me. Sassy is forever trying to help push my boundaries and for that I love her but she usually deals with submissives and that is something I'm not.

Time was almost over and as I looked down I saw that I was decorated completely. Tian of course was the first one to go for my pussy and Lisa followed. Both of them even opening me up to make sure they didn't miss a spot. The whole scene was so arousing to an attention whore like me. I was naked in front of I don't know how many strangers, I had hands on various parts of my body, I was certainly the center of attention and Jesse doing the play by play over the speakers had certainly helped to draw attention my way. I had forgotten about the temperature I was so worked up from all the attention.

"Times up, everyone put down the markers and step off to the side," Jesse's voice said through the large speakers.

I began to get down off the table but was stopped by Jesse's voice.

"Nikki, stay where you are, turn around slowly so everyone can see all sides."

Jesse than began describing what she was seeing as I turned slowly.

"I see a flower on the left tit and a star on the right. I see peace signs and the words attention whore."

That had to be Tian because she was the only one that knew I called myself that.

Jesse went on for five minutes as I made the slow turn describing all that was drawn and written on my body. I was still on a high as I was being examined by everyone within viewing distance. Jesse came down for a closer inspection and put her hands on me to move me around. I told her she may need to use her hands to check certain areas which brought a grin to her face. She spread my ass cheeks a little and saw I had some color from markers there as well. When she got around to my front I was sure I would explode if she touched my pussy. I felt something like an electric shock when her hands touched each side of my pussy and opened me up just enough to see I did indeed have coloring from the markers there. Tian had been especially thorough on her side and I was sure her team would be declared the winners.

After Jesse made sure to touch me just about everywhere she was about ready to declare a winner. She said she needed to go into the trailer first and then she would announce the winning team. Once again I was told to stay put while we waited for Jesse to make the announcement. I heard the music starting, it was "Darling Nikki" by Prince a song I love for a number of reasons. As I stood on the picnic table naked, covered in marker I began to realize just how much the temperature
had dropped. I noticed by the patio there was one of those big outdoor thermometers and it read 63 degrees (F) but being on the water and with a rather strong breeze it had to feel like the upper fifties. Now I do venture out naked in cool and cold weather but only for short periods. I had been outside completely naked for a couple of hours now and it was still relatively early.

Finally the music was lowered and Jesse's voice could be heard through the speakers.

"After close inspection I have to say that both teams did a great job but I have to say the winning team is Dave, Cindy, Lisa. Sarah and Vince. You five will have the pleasure of cleaning Nikki off."

Tian was pissed, I could see it in her face. I knew she wanted to be on the winning team, she wanted a chance to have her hands on my body as she did at the Memorial Day BBQ where I first met her. The realization of what was going to happen next had not yet hit me. It was decided that first we should have a little to eat before the cleanup began. I was quite surprised I didn't feel the need to pee but I hadn't really had all that much to drink. I was definitely feeling the chill in the air. My nipples were rock hard and I had goose bumps all over my body. I had a burger and a beer along with everyone else, then it was time for the cleanup to begin. I was fine with it except I wasn't so keen on Vince being one of the winners. He just wasn't my type, he had a cockiness about him that you find in some Jersey guys. I had no problem with the others I wasn't sure if our host Dave would really get hands on with Cindy right there but they seemed to be cool and I expected if Cindy had any objections she would have said something when they selected the teams.


BBQ Adventure (Conclusion)
By Nikki 

I was looking forward to having Cindy, Sarah and Kelly cleaning me off. Just so you have a mental picture of the ladies Cindy is about 30, 5'6" and about 120 pounds with a small but cute bust and blonde hair cut short and sassy. Kelly is 28, 5'5" and about 110 pounds maybe 34-23-34 with shoulder length blonde hair and blue eyes. Sarah is about 28, 5'8" with more curves. She's about 130 pounds, 36-23-35 chestnut hair and brown eyes. All are very pretty but I was most interested in Kelly and of course cute petite Jesse who was not going to be participating in the cleanup. All the excitement thinking about all those hands on me was enough to sidetrack me clouded my thinking. I clearly didn't think this through which I soon realized. 

Cindy and Tian had gone in to get a couple of containers filled with warm soapy water and a towel or two. They came out with two small buckets filled with warm water, one with soap and one without. I went over near the picnic table and they followed with the buckets. I stood there naked as they all got their hands wet with some soap suds and began working to get the marker ink off of my face and neck. Dave worked on my back from my neck down to just above my ass. Both Dave and Cindy seemed to be staying away from my intimate area's and Vince was forced to my backside as Kelly and Sarah were working on my front which was fine by me. I really didn't want his hands on my boobs or pussy. I was wishing Jesse would join in the cleanup but she didn't. I did notice Tian was looking very unhappy watching them with their hands all over my naked body and her not able to join them. 

There was a sponge which they got wet with soapy water and squeezed it out over my body, getting me good and wet. Then they washed me off with their hands. I was so excited having all the hands on me I had forgotten about the temperature dropping and the breeze that had picked up. When Kelly's hand got down near my inner thighs, just brushing my pussy I began to actually feel warm. This was all new to me, having hands, strangers hands on my naked body. I've had the occasional grab or smack on the ass at times when naked but never anything like this. I was going out of my comfort zone and I was going to be even further out soon. 

I was so worked up especially when Kelly got some soap in her hands and began to wash the marker off my inner thighs and my mound. I really had to fight to keep myself from having an orgasm in front of everyone, I was so turned on at this point. It looked as though I was free of any marker but of course Tian had other ideas. She seemed to really enjoy playing the dominant role with me. I am far from being submissive and may relinquish a little control once in a while. I had done this with Tian and was going to realize it wasn't the smartest of moves. I can fully trust Jenna or Ed to take control and not put me in a very uncomfortable position. Thinking I could do that with Tian was my error and I can only blame myself for it. 

Now it seemed as though I was all cleaned off and I had no more hands on me. I began to feel the cold as I stood there naked and wet. I looked over at the big outdoor thermometer once again and saw the temperature was down to 65 but feeling much colder with the strong breeze. I was beginning to look around to see where the towel was so I could dry off and maybe wrap another towel around me for a bit. 

"Nikki, would you please sit on the picnic table with your feet on the bench." Tian seemed to be telling me not asking me. 

"I'm getting a bit cold and want to dry off, if someone could give me a towel." I asked looking more at the others than Tian. 

Cindy went to retrieve the towel she brought out but as she went to hand it to me Tian grabbed it and said it wasn't needed. I began to protest but soon shut my mouth. 

"Nikki you gave me control for the day, didn't you?" Tian said with a seemingly wicked grin 

"Yes Tian I did give you control." I said as I moved to sit on the table.

I sat on the table, my feet on the bench with everyone facing me including those on the boats sitting in the lagoon not moving out to the bay or back to their docks. I'm not shy, I think everyone who knows me or reads my adventures knows that but I was sitting with my knees together. 

"Please lay back Nikki, we need to be sure all of the marker has been cleaned off. Dave and Vince would you please each hold onto one of Nikki's ankles." 

I then felt hands on both my ankles as I lay on my back on the table. 

"Ok guys, pull her legs apart and lift them back towards the table." Tian said with a slight quiver in her voice. 

I could tell she was loving this, having the power to expose me more than I have ever really been exposed before to strangers. Soon my legs were open wide and my knees pushed back toward my head leaving me wide open as if I were waiting for the gynecologist' s speculum. Despite the fact that I had more than a dozen people at the BBQ looking at me I had many more in boats and with binoculars across the lagoon. I was really excited now and I was sure that all this exposure was going to push me over the edge. 

Then I felt two fingers lightly brushing against my wide open pussy and that was it. I couldn't fight it and I came right then and there in front of everyone. Before I could recover someone poured some soapy water on me from my chest down to my legs to be sure I was clean. Now I was wet in a different way again and as I came back to reality I realized it was damn chilly out and the breeze hadn't subsided at all. It was after 7:30 now and the temperature was still dropping. I regained my composure and asked for the towel that I had seen earlier. 

"No towel, you are to remain naked until you get home." Tian said reminding me of what I had made her promise. 

I had told her that once I was naked I was not to be allowed anything to wear until I got home. When I had her promise I hadn't checked the weather (dumb ass lol). Now I was wet, naked and had no chance of covering up. My body was covered in goose bumps. It was not yet 8:00 and I knew we were going to be there for a while yet. I hoped maybe 9:30 or so we would get going. We all went over to sit down and have a drink but I didn't last long, I was really feeling the cool air especially since I was air drying lol. I thought maybe I should get up and move around and Kelly offered to take a little walk with me. Tian glared at her and Jesse seemed disappointed. I was really feeling the cold and hoped to get close with Kelly for some much needed body heat. We walked around to the side of the house not visible from where everyone was sitting. 

I really needed some warmth and that made me a bit more aggressive than I would be otherwise. I took Kelly's hand and pulled her toward me then I wrapped my arms around her and pulled her body close to mine. I enjoyed the warmth of her body then leaned in and kissed her on the mouth. Her hands began to roam over my naked back and ass, as we kissed. I wanted to just stay there wrapped in her arms but after a few minutes I knew we needed to get back before Tian would come looking for me. I held on to Kelly as long as I could and really just wanted to get her naked and laying down on the ground with me, cuddling and kissing but that would have to come later in the evening or another time when the very possessive Tian was not around. We reluctantly stopped kissing and holding hands we walked back to the others. The wind was no longer blocked by the house and I began to feel cold right away, as we walked back to others. 

"Nikki, let me get you something to put on for a little while." Cindy said obviously concerned about me in the unseasonably cool air. 

"She doesn't need anything, she likes going out in the cold naked." Tian chimed in before I had a chance to say anything. 

I was thinking how proud Sassy Susan would be of this bitch lol 

"She made me promise I wouldn't allow her any type of cover-up until she was back home and I will keep that promise no matter how hard it is to keep." Tian said with an evil little laugh 

I sat down in hopes of blocking the wind but it didn't help much, so I needed to do something else. I waited about fifteen minutes and saw that now it was nearly 8:30 in the evening and the sun was setting. The wind had not subsided at all and the temperature continued to drop. Looking at the big thermometer I saw it was at 60 f but with the wind it felt much colder. I tried to just block out the cold like I do when I go out naked in the snow. Usually though I am only out for maybe ten minutes, I had been completely naked for almost two and a half hours now and wasn't sure when the night would end. I did my best to enjoy the attention and forget about the wind, and cold but it wasn't going well. I needed some more warmth and got an idea. I said I wanted to go take another walk and asked Tian to go with me this time, once again disappointment showed in Jesse's face. 

I was really attracted to Jesse, but I was hoping despite my orders to Tian to make sure I remained naked that I would be able to convince her to let me put something on for a little while anyway. It was my own damn fault I was in this situation, I have weather bug on my computer now lol. Tian was wearing shorts and a pullover top with a bra and sandals. Tian was thrilled that I asked her to go for a walk and was on her feet right away. I stood, took her hand and we walked off to the spot I had been before, where the wind was not as strong and we were out of view from the others. I needed warmth fast so I wasted no time and quickly pulled Tian close to me and kissed her hard on the mouth. Tian kissed back and began running her hands over my cold naked body. Her hands weren't the warmest but it was better than nothing. I began to caress Tian's back running my hands up under her top and back down to the waistband of her shorts. 

I was feeling warmer already and Tian's hands were warming me up in other ways also. Tian was obviously worked up also and I slipped one hand back under her top and unhooked her bra. I moved my hand around in front and up under her bra feeling her stiff nipple. I cupped her breast in my hand and felt the rock hard nipple on my palm. I pulled my hand down caressing her stomach then I began to raise the hem of her top to expose more of her belly. She didn't try and stop me, so I pushed her top up to just under her breasts without resistance. I moved my hand up and caressed both of her breasts under her bra and the kissed her hard once again. I grabbed hold of her top and moved it up above her breasts, pushing the bra up with it. Her nipples responded to the cold but she didn't move to stop me. 

I broke our kiss and lifted her Tian's top an bra off and dropped hung it on the fence right near me. I moved right back in and kissed Tian again, I wanted to keep her occupied for a few minutes. We kissed and moved our hands over each others bodies, I reached down and opened the button on Tian's shorts and with little effort was able to push them down enough for them to fall to her ankles leaving her in a very small black lace thong. I had hoped to get her naked but we heard someone calling our names. Tian bent down and pulled her shorts up but while she did I grabbed her bra and top and began walking back to the group. 

"Nikki, give me my clothes back please, I'm cold." Tian said with a shiver in her voice. 

"Ah now you can imagine how I feel, being naked for so long." 

"Let me cover up for a little while and I'll give you your bra and top back before we get back to the others." 

"No way, you said you didn't want any way to cover up and I'm going to make sure you don't." 

"Fine then you can stay topless." I said as I rounded the corner toward the others. 

Tian followed her small but perfect boobs bouncing a bit as she walked toward the group. Tian is not shy and has no problem walking around topless, but because of the cool temperature she was very uncomfortable. She was obviously attracting some attention as she is a gorgeous Asian with almond shaped eyes, long blue-black hair, 5'3" and maybe 100 pounds with a 32c-22-34 figure. 

No comments were made about the length of time we had been gone but someone did ask why Tian was now topless. I told them I wanted her to feel what it was like being naked or half naked in the breezy cool night air. After a few minutes Tian looked like she was going to cry and I can't be mean, I just don't have it in me. Reluctantly I tossed her bra and top back to her and decided I would get through this night without whining anymore. Tian hurriedly put her bra and top on and sat with a towel covering her legs for a bit. I sat back down determined to show I wasn't a whiny wimpy bitch and could handle any situation. 

So as not to bore everyone I spent about an hour freezing as I sat and talked to everyone about my earlier adventures, which kept me a bit excited and helped to block out the cold. I love reliving my naked adventures and that is one reason I began to write them out and post them. Jesse the very sexy DJ had been busy setting up for karaoke, something I feared. How's that old saying go, `You couldn't carry a tune in a bucket" well describes me. So since I wanted to get some alone time with Jesse and it seemed she had wanted the same earlier, I got up and walked over to her DJ trailer and asked if she had time for a walk. I could see her face brighten or maybe it was just wishful thinking on my part. Either way she readily agreed to take a walk with me. This is the girl I have been eyeing all afternoon. I am 5'6" and although I find women taller or shorter than me attractive I seem to be drawn more to the cute petite ones that are 5'1" to 5'3" or so. Jesse was about 5'2" and petite with nice full breasts, the pink tips in her brunette hair was something else I really liked. 

Now I know Tian and Kelly knew what was going to happen when Jesse and I moved to my favorite spot on the side of the house. Jesse was wearing t-shirt and cut off denim shorts with sandals. The shirt was stretched tight over her breasts and with her shorts riding low on her hips there was a few inches of bare skin between the top of her shorts and the bottom of her shirt. Very sexy in my eyes, and although I love to be naked I find little peeks of skin like on Jesse to be very hot. We reached the somewhat secluded area I had been to before. 

"God you look so amazing naked." Jesse said looking up and smiling at me. 

" Thank you sweetie, I think you are gorgeous and I was hoping to get alone with you but Tian is possessive." 

`Are you two together as a couple?" 

"No we aren't I just met her a few months ago, she's a bit too possessive for me." I said looking at the obvious smile on Jesse's face. 

As I said I am usually not so forward with women but I was freezing but more so I really was attracted to this girl. I moved into her and she tilted her head up as I leaned down to kiss her. No tentative kissing now, it was hard and passionate with tongues entwined. Jesse was rubbing her hands all over my body and I was caressing her back and ass over her clothes. I moved my hands up under her shirt. I wanted to pull her shirt off but she stopped me. 

"Not here not now, Nikki, I don't want to be interrupted when I'm with you." She said and I understood. 

I gave up trying to remove her shirt and just enjoyed her hands on my body as we kissed. Her hands roamed down over my naked ass, she glided her hand over my breasts and nipples and lightly touched my labia, making my knees nearly buckle. Despite the cold, I was hot and felt like I needed to cool off. I pulled back taking her hand and I pulled her toward the front of the house away from the others. Soon we were in the front yard and near the street. 

Jesse looked a bit nervous as she spoke, "Nikki, we better go back your naked and we're by the road, someone may come by us." 

I didn't reply still holding her hand I moved toward the sidewalk and turned to walk up the road. Before long the house was out of sight, I was cold but happy as we walked through the neighborhood. An occasional car passed and honked but no one bothered us. I love seeing pictures of a naked female walking with a clothed male or better yet a clothed female, I think it is so hot and never fails to make me horny. We had walked quite a ways from the house and decided we should head back. We didn't rush, I blocked out the cold and enjoyed the walk. 

Too soon we were back at the house and in the backyard. There was maybe another 30 minutes or so of light left and that meant that it would be cooler yet. Tian was the first to acknowledge our return and was definitely miffed. 

"Well there you two are, I was beginning to think you ran off together." Tian said sarcastically. 

"We went for a walk and didn't realize the time." I said still holding Jesse's hand. 

"Well I can see you aren't complaining about the cold anymore, that's good because I have a surprise for you." 

It was then I noticed a new guest, a guy in his 30's wearing board shorts and nothing else. 

"This is Jake, he lives down the lagoon a little way from here, he arrived on his jet ski and agreed to take you for a ride." The evil bitch was smiling as she spoke. 

"I can't go out on that thing, I'm naked and it's too cold." I tried to protest without whining. 

"I promised Jake you would go with him, besides he will be in front of you so you'll be blocked from the wind." 

Now if I hadn't had so many drinks I may have been thinking a bit clearer, as having been on jet skis before I know it is almost impossible to ride one and not get wet, unless the water is like glass and your only going a few knots. I knew Tian was never going to let up and so I stupidly agreed to go with him. I looked at the big thermometer once again and saw it was 62 but add in the wind and it probably felt like 55. I kissed Jesse, to piss Tian off and followed Jake to the dock and down the steps to the jet ski. Jake got on and held my hand as I climbed on behind him. 

I was sure my nipples would bore into his back they were so hard from the cold. He started the jet ski and tossed the line onto the dock. We started off slowly which was fine with me. We were in a no wake zone and I hoped that's where we would stay. Well of course my hopes were dashed as we reached the end of the lagoon that opened into Barnegat Bay. Jake hit the throttle and off we went into the bay. Now because of the breeze the bay was choppy and there were white caps causing the jet ski to bounce and sending a spray of cold salt water over us much too often for me. 

Yeah Jake will block the wind, bullshit bitch lol. Her day will come I will be sure of that, and you will all read about it. I know that Tian was the instigator behind this and surely told Jake to be sure and get me wet. I held on tight to Jake and felt like my nipples were slowly drilling into his back. Only when we hit a white cap and the jet ski jumped did my breasts pull away from Jake as I did everything to make sure I stayed on, although I was so wet that falling in wouldn't make much difference. Thankfully Jake began to feel for me and said we should get back in, not getting any argument from me. He did make sure to get as much water on me as possible before reaching the mouth of the lagoon and the no wake zone. 

No I was soaking wet, even my hair was dripping and I knew there would be no towels or anything for me when we got back to Cindy and Dave's. As we approached the dock there was singing, Jesse had started the karaoke and the two guys were mauling "Thunder Road" one of my favorite Springsteen songs. Walking back up to the group the cold air and breeze really hit me. 

"Any chance someone has a towel for me?" I asked knowing full well there would be no covering up for me. 

I wasn't about to do any singing and publicly humiliate myself but I did ask Jesse to play a song for me and she would sing it. Since most karaoke DJ's have to get things started they almost always can carry a tune. Jesse was happy to oblige and played Springsteen' s "No Surrender" another absolute favorite of mine. This was my way of telling Tian I would not give in and I would last as long as needed until I was home again. I may end up with pneumonia but I will stand tough. Dancing was warming me up as drops of water flew from my hair and my boobs bounced as I danced naked in front of the DJ trailer. 

After wearing myself out trying to keep warm, I needed to sit. It was now after 9 :00 p m and I had been fully naked for three hours with the temperature now at 60 and the breeze making it feel even cooler. Not much happened for the next hour or so, I sat and did my best to keep my teeth from chattering and thought it best not to look at the thermometer but I just couldn't keep from looking at it. When I looked the last time and saw that it was now 55 out and feeling more like 45 with the wind chill I was hoping Tian would be ready to leave soon. Thankfully some of the others began talking about leaving. 

The thing that finally saved me was that it always seems everyone wants to see me leave naked. Checking for emergency clothing seems to also be a ritual anymore. I never bring any emergency clothing, I love the rush from knowing no matter what happens I have no way of hiding my nakedness. I had exchanged numbers with both Kelly and Jesse and we all talked about getting together. After hugs and thanks all around it was time for us to make our exit and the ritual began. Tian and I made the walk to her car with a group following us. She opened the trunk to show nothing in there then she opened the car and Vince looked inside, finally they were all convinced that I would indeed be naked all the way to my house. 

I was looking forward to the warmth of the car and the heat after pulling away to head home. Tian however was going to milk this situation as much as possible. She would not put the heat on and made sure she put the windows down. So once again I was feeling the cold and now I realized I had not peed the entire day and was going to need to very soon. We were near route 9 and I was ready to run into a Wawa , Quick Chek or anywhere else to pee and get a little warmth. If we got on the Parkway I would have to either go into the bathroom at one of the more secluded rest stops that only had toilet facilities, go into one of the rest areas that has fuel and a big area with food and lots of people or go on the side of the road and pee. Tian wouldn't stop and soon we were on the Garden State Parkway, heading north. 

I didn't want to go to the small area because they are not that clean and I was barefoot. I didn't see Tian giving me her sandals to wear so it was the big rest stop or the side of the road. Tian said if I needed to pee she would pull off onto the shoulder. At this point I didn't care where we stopped, as long as I got to empty my bladder. I just worried about a NJ State Trooper pulling up to check on why we were on the shoulder, they are great at being there for stranded motorists, but now I was hoping they were elsewhere. I wasn't about to go into the pine trees naked and barefoot, so I just squatted next to Tian's car to pee. I was just finishing when Tian moved forward about 20 feet or so leaving me squatting naked in the open. As soon as I was finished I made a mad dash toward her car hoping she would pull forward again, thankfully she didn't. 

It was a cold ride home but we finally reached my house about 11:30 pm and I couldn't wait to warm up. Once inside I poured a shot of Jack Daniels and downed it. Then Tian had one with me as I finally began to warm up. I was so pissed at Tian but still after so much to arouse me all day and all of the drinks I was a horny bitch. I moved toward Tian, taking the hem of her shirt and pulled it over her head. I unhooked her bra and kissed each of her nipples before opening her shorts, so they fell to her ankles. I hooked my thumbs into the sides of her thong, pulling it down to meet her shorts. Tian lifted one foot than the other and I tossed her clothes over onto a chair. I led her into my bedroom and kissed her. We caressed each other for a few moments standing by the bed then Tian pushed me gently back onto the bed, my legs hanging over the side. She knelt before me, lifting my legs onto her shoulders and then I felt her warm breath on my labia. 

When her tongue touched me I felt an electric charge run through me. I wasn't going to last long, I was going to cum fast and hard. Tian's tongue delved deep inside of my pussy driving me crazy. I tried to hold out wanting to prolong the feeling, but once her tongue hit my love button, I was done. I had an amazing orgasm as Tian never stopped working my pussy with her tongue. After I recovered I wanted to trade places but first we took a long hot shower together, soaping each others bodies and getting me warm once again. After we dried off I moved Tian to the bed, and soon had her begging for me not to stop as I worked my tongue all around, on and inside her pussy. 

We both had a few orgasms that night and the next morning we each got off once again. No matter what happened when we arrived back at my house I still have every intention of giving Tian an experience she will never forget sometime in the future. 

I want to thank all of you for all of the love and support you give me with special thanks to Tama, Sammy and Carly. 

Wishing all a very happy, healthy and prosperous new year with many naked adventures. 

Love to All Nikki
