This story may not be reproduced in any form for profit or placed within any archive, pay site or web community without the express written permission of the author.  The author may be contacted at khaan@speakeasy.org or via ICQ #51761475 and more stories can be found at http://www.asstr.org/~Rob_Morton.

Copyright 2002, Robert B. Morton, II, all rights reserved.

Disclaimer

For those individuals not of legal age to read this where they live, shame on you!  For those folks who may be offended by this writing, all I can say is caveat lector--you have been warned.  The following is a work of fiction and the usual statements about bearing any resemblance to people or places, living or dead, being coincidental, etc., apply here.


Taken, by Rob Morton (M/M)

Large, strong hands holding my head still, a gentle reminder that resistance was not only futile, but would be dealt with in the usual harsh manner.  A collection of scents assail my senses, some pleasant, some not so pleasant as the large, thick knob worms its way deeper into my throat, threatening to choke the life out of me.

With the hands grip on the side of my head blocking my ears, I can barely hear the sounds of someone moaning  it could be me for all I know  Im no longer sure of anything except the crazy hard softness working itself into my mouth

What I do know is that I shouldnt be here, shouldnt be allowing this to happen  and all the while knowing that Id do it all again if given the opportunity.

The hands tighten a little more around my head, making the skin under those massive palms all wet and clammy while the fingers massage my jaw muscles almost as an afterthought as yet more of Jerrods cock inches its way into my throat, increasing my anger at having been so weak again

No, Im not mad at Jerrod, the man with the soft, gently  but equally strong hands and fingers.  Im not even mad that he just took what he wanted from me without asking, shoving his then flaccid member between my unresisting lips until my nose was buried deeply in his thatch of pubic hair.

What angers me is my reaction or lack of, in some respects.  What I should have done the moment all of this started was to say no, to turn my head away from the lovely offering being forced upon me.  But, no, what did I do the second his glans touched my lips?  Opened my mouth and welcomed his unwanted invasion, my lips and tongue knowing just what to do to get him hard in my mouth, just like the good little whore he expects me to be.

Im angry with myself because now my hands are on his firm backside, guiding him deeper into my mouth while my fingers knead the flesh of his ass urgently.

I know I shouldnt be here, shouldnt be doing this, and shouldnt be enjoying the feel of his hardness bruising my throat as he begins to grow a little longer and thicker.  But the sad truth is that Im Jerrods little bitch, his punk whore and his to use in any way he chooses.  I know I could  and should  say no to him and just walk away, just like I did one time before well, at least until he pulled his erection out and waved it at me and, like the fool I am, I turned and went back, unable to resist and my mouth watering for the taste and feel of him as I got to my knees and took him once more into my mouth.

I can tell hes getting close; my mouth and throat really starts to hurt because hes ramming his cock into my mouth just as hard and fast as he can manage.  My own cock is a massive steel rod, trapped inside my pants, a large spot of wetness spreading across the fabric as my own passions burn hotly inside of me, passions that will, as always, go unfulfilled because nothing is more important right now than getting ready to receive Jarrods sticky offering.

Jerrods saying something but I cant hear him  dont need to, actually, cause I know what hes saying:  Suck my cock, you whore, suck it, bitch, eat my meat, slut; yeah, gonna juice you good, you little punk bitch

Oh, I just love it when he talks to me like that  but I hate it, too, because I love it when he talks to me like that

Oh, God, he coming now  I just felt the first bit of his spunk on my tongue and here comes both the good and bad parts.  Good because hes filling my mouth with his sperm and I love the taste of his jizz  so thick and creamy and a little salty and, God, theres so much of it!

Bad because hes got his entire cock jammed into my throat, his hands holding my head tightly against his crotch as his bone keeps upchucking down my throat and into my stomach and I have my hands on his ass, holding him so tightly against my mouth that I know Im leaving fingerprints in his flesh  

I cant breathe at the moment because Jerrod is still pumping sperm into my throat  where does he keep all of it?  I can feel the wispy fingers of panic brushing against my skin as my own cock unloads itself into my pants because I cant breathe, cant breathe, need to breathe

Jerrod backs off just enough for me to draw in much-needed air in through my flared nostrils before slamming his groin back against my face, the last bits of his whey-like load sputtering into my mouth and sliding into my stomach.  God, he tastes so fucking good!

Finally, Jerrod pulls his dick out of my mouth, his hands releasing my head so I can move it in order to get the kinks out of my neck.  I open my eyes and see his cock staring at me, all red and flushed with blood and still very much erect, which is another thing I love about Jerrod and something else I hate about him.

Im barely aware of Jerrod clawing at my soiled pants, cursing at me to help him to remove them; I guess I helped enough because there they go, sailing across the room and landing who knows where.  No, Jerrods not about to return the favor, as it were, because, well, he doesnt do that.  Hes rolling me over onto my stomach and I can already feel his knob against my puckered asshole, all wet and slick with saliva and his own seed.

Bright lights explode behind my clenched eyelids as Jerrod plows into my rectum without any regard for what I may be feeling.  It doesnt hurt as much as it used to because, obviously, hes been inside me so many times it should be easy for him.  It still hurts a little, but its not that bad, really

Now I can feel his weight on my back as he settles in to fuck me; I can feel his breath on the side of my face, all hot and wet, as he grunts and groans each time he thrusts himself inside of me, telling me how good my ass feels and how hes gonna fuck me until I beg him to stop.

The anger returns because he knows that I know that Im going to beg him to stop eventually, Im going to start begging for his sperm again, pleading with him to fill my ass with his spunk.  This time, the anger is stronger within me and Ive decided that Ive had enough of being used and abused like this and I start to get up despite Jerrods greater weight pressing me to the floor

Only to feel his hand on the back of my neck, forcing me back onto my stomach, and making me submit once more to his demands, his voice telling me that Im going to be punished...

Jerrods got this unbelievable talent for being able to deliver a bucket of cum when you blow him and he remains just as hard so he can fuck you  and he can keep it up for quite a while, too.  I knew another guy like him, but this guy would blow a load in my mouth then slide into me and blow another load in just a few short minutes.  Not Jerrod.  He feels like a piece of red-hot iron in my bowels as he begins to pound himself into my ass without any mercy whatsoever.

Tears are beginning to spill down my face, pooling where my cheek is mashed hard against the floor; Im crying because hes hurting me, crying because of the sheer humiliation of being in this position again, and crying being Im loving every second of it  and I hate myself for it, which just starts me crying again.

My poor prostate feels like someones been using it for baseball practice as Jerrods cock head slams repeatedly into it, causing me to cum all over myself and the floor; my sphincter is painfully stretched wide as his cock plows into me; Jerrods in grand form today and I know Im going to be in for a rough time

Im not sure at what point I either passed out or just went to sleep; I know that when I woke up, I found myself in Jerrods bed and nice and warm and comfortable between those gold satin sheets hes so proud of.  My body aches from the severe pounding administered by Jerrod but I manage to find some comfort in the whole thing, knowing that it could have been  and has been  worse.

I roll over and see my clothes piled up on a nearby chair, taking notice that Jerrods nowhere to be seen at the moment, which gives me my chance to get out of here!  Damn it, this is the last time, I swear it is!

As quickly and as quietly as I can, I start to get dressed, wincing silently as my slightly bruised and battered body protests against the sudden movements; yeah, Im gonna be really sore later but right now I gotta get outta here before Jerrod comes to check on me.

I sit down on the bed and stuff my feet into my socks before thrusting one leg into my pants.  Just as Im about to complete the task of getting my pants on, the door opens and Jerrod walks in just as naked as the day he was born.

And where do you think youre going? he asks as he walks towards me, holding his cock in his hand.  My mouth begins to water

I shouldnt be here, shouldnt be allowing this to happen...

Finis (for now)

