Fooled
by katie

Sweet Revenge "Fooled" (Part 1)

Cassandra was so happy as she walked down the hall to her locker. She had just finished her last class and was on her way home to get ready for her big date with Joel. Today was their one year anniversary, made all the more special because it was Valentine's Day.

The good mood was nearly ruined as she passed Rebecca, who glared at her from her locker. They had been best friends once, just a year ago, before she had won Joel away.

Rebecca had been so mean and bitter. She had blamed Cassandra for that fight. Joel had been talking to Cassandra about what he had gotten Rebecca for Valentine's Day, a suggestion from Cassandra. He had only been thanking her when he hugged her but Rebecca didn't see that. She only saw the hug and flipped. Joel and Rebecca broke up that day and Cassandra consoled him. They had been dating ever since.

At least, that was the story that Cassandra had convinced herself to believe. Truthfully, she and Joel had been sneaking around quite a bit. If Rebecca had been there two minutes earlier, she would have seen Cassandra's hand caressing Joel's jean-covered crotch, promising what she would do after school in his car.

Once the unpleasantness of Rebecca had passed, Cassandra's good mood came back. She was humming to herself when she opened her locker. Inside was a bag with a note: "Dearest Cassie, I am so excited for our date tonight. I bought you this to wear. I hope that you will enjoy it for me. Be wearing it when I pick you up. J"

She was about to look inside when her cell phone buzzed. "You coming?" the text read. It was her sister, who was waiting at the car. Cassandra breathed a deep sigh but headed home.


Sweet Revenge "Fooled" (Part 2)

Cassandra stood there looking at herself in the mirror. She could not believe the reflection she saw. Inside the bag had been, what she could only refer to as a microdress. It was electric blue and snug and in order to cover her vagina and butt, she had it pulled down to just above her nipples. It gave me, maybe, 18 inches of cover. And with the six-inch heels that she teetered on, she looked like girls that she saw on the Internet.

She re-read the note. Did Joel really expect her to wear something this revealing? Of course, she thought, he's a man. What man would not get turned on seeing his girlfriend in an outfit like that.

Of course there was no way that she could wear a bra with this dress. She thought she could make out a hint of the outline of her nipple through the dress but it wasn't terribly noticeable, she thought. Only if you were looking for it, though she supposed many men would be looking.

She decided to go for it. If this was something that Joel was asking her for, she would do it. It was the least she could do for a boyfriend so awesome. She threw on a coat (that covered more than her dress!) and headed downstairs, trying to get past her mom.

Ever since she had turned 18, her mom had basically stopped caring what she did and wore. "Just be respectful around your younger sister," her mom had said. So they had a truce but Cassandra didn't want to push it.

As she grabbed her purse, Cassandra's cell phone buzzed, indicating a text had come in. "Rnng l8. Lets meet@place." He then texted the address. This bothered Cassandra. He was the boy, he was supposed to pick her up. Still, maybe he had something special planned. "OK:)" she texted back. "Xctd 4 dt." just then an address appeared.

She hopped in her car and headed towards her date. She realized that the weather was abnormally hot so she ditched the coat. As she drove, she felt the hem of her dress rise up. Her white panties were obvious. Did she dare? At a traffic light, she put the car in park and slid the panties down her legs and stuffed them into the coat pocket. Feeling naughty, she continued her drive, wearing just 18 inches of flimsy dress. This was going to be a Valentine's Day she and Joel would never forget.


Sweet Revenge "Fooled" (Part 3)

Cassandra could not believe how daring she was being. The idea that Joel wanted her to wear this dress and what he might do to her later was making her horny. She spread her legs even more, letting the hem of her dress rise so that her vagina was on display to anyone who would have been looking. Luckily for her, it was dark but the thrill of possibly getting caught make her squirm.

She arrived at the restaurant, a busy but small Italian restaurant on the main road. She could see no place to park but was happy to see valet. She pulled up, forgetting her attire for a second, and gave the valet an eyeful. Seeing the look on his face was priceless and added to her desire.

"Thank you sir," she said as he offered her his hand to get out of the car. She didn't realize that got more than a glimpse of her private region when she swerved to get out of the car. She adjusted her skirt to cover as much as possible and walked towards the restaurant to find Joel. Every eye in the waiting area was on her and she noticed that her nipples, now exposed to the cool air, were easily noticeable through the dress. She crossed her arms to cover up.

"U ther yet?"

"Yes."

Sry, stl in traf. reser under my nm

Uggh, Cassandra thought. This was getting annoying. Here she was dressed to his specifications, being ogled by all of these men (and some women) and he was no where to be found. Plus he wanted her to get the table.

Though fuming, she followed his directions again and, though getting a hostile stare from the hostess, was led to a table. She realized that it was in a secluded corner of the restaurant, as had been requested.

"Cant wait 2 c u" He texted.

"Bet U look hot as hell in drs"

That made Cassandra feel a little better but was still mad. She felt very vulnerable there alone and sat with her knees together and arms over her breasts. The dress was hugging her curves beautifully but was so revealing. Why had she taken her panties off and left them in the car? Would that valet see them? He obviously knew that she wasn't wearing them? Would he think to look in the coat pocket?

"Anyone near our tbl?"

She looked around and found it empty. "No."

"Would you do me 1 mr fvr? PLLEAASE"

"What?"

"Promise you'll do it 1st"

"OK, promise"

"Take drs off"

Her eyes flew open. He had to be kidding. "No way."

"U PROMISED!"

"Joel, NO!"

"Fine, you will never see what I got you for V day"

"It's AWESOME"

Her mind whirled. She loved getting presents, especially from Joel. He was very thoughtful but this seemed like too much.

"FIVE MINS. NO MORE."

"OK...I'm a min away. LOVE YOU."

"Love you 2"

"Please be naked when i get there"

Oh man, she thought. Could she really do this? She had been excited to be pantiless in the car, there was no denying that. And when that valet had seen up her dress, the tingle in her sex and belly had been real. Maybe she could pull this off.

Looking around and seeing no one near her in the secluded table, she grabbed the top of her dress and pulled it down around her breasts and off, letting it get hooked on her foot to make it easier to grab. She placed it next to her, closer to the outside of the booth and waited.

Just then, the waitress came over and she froze, her bare breasts on full display. "Excuse me, what is the meaning of this," she asked.

"Um, it's a surprise for my boyfriend," Cassandra stammered. "He'll be here any minute. Please no one can see me."

The waitress looked over and saw the full plate glass window next to the girl's table. She knew that while it was hard to see out at night, it was very easy to see in. Anyone walking or driving by would see the girl in all of her naked glory.

"OK, but when the table near you get filled, you have to get dressed. I don't want people being bothered during their dinners."

"Thank you," Cassandra said. She reached for her dress and panicked. It was gone.


Sweet Revenge "Fooled" (Part 4)

Cassandra's could not believe it. She was naked, completely and totally naked. All she had was her purse, her phone and her shoes. Her dress was gone, her coat was in the car, as were her panties.

"That's it," she thought, "I'll send Joel to get my coat in the car." She waited , her legs crossed, her arms over her boobs. It was obvious that she was naked but she thought this was as covered as she could be.

"WHERE R U? NEED HELP" she texted Joel.

"PARKING CAR"

"Bring me a shirt...anything. Lost dress"

"LOL...Be RT There. You are awesome."

"Seriously"

"LOL"

No, not LOL, she thought. BRING ME CLOTHES, she texted again.

"I M HERE"

She felt someone coming up to the table and turned. Instead of Joel, it was Rebecca.

"Hey Cass, you're a little casual for this kind of place," she said, sliding in the booth across from her former best friend.

"What are you doing here," Cassandra hissed. "I am on a date."

"Yeah, I see that," Rebecca said. "I used to feel that I was alone on my dates with Joel but you are taking it to an extreme."

"GET OUT OF HERE," Cassandra said harshly but low, trying not to attract attention.

"OK, guess you don't want your dress back," Rebecca said, sliding out of the booth.

"Wait, give me my dress."

"Um, ok, but sit back and move your arms. Show me what Joel gave me up for."

"Come on Becky, this is too far."

"Oh, it's Becky, like we're 9 and BFFs. OK CASSIE...sit back and show me your tits."

Cassandra recognized that iron in Rebecca's voice. She knew that she had no choice but to comply. She removed her arms from in front of her breasts, putting them to the side and sat back, her bare boobs springing into view.

"Well, it's clear you're not 9 anymore," Rebecca said her eyes burning a hole into Cassandra's chest.

"Please, my dress."

"Uncross your legs and spread your knees."

"You are gross Rebecca," Cassandra said. "You a lezzie or something?"

Rebecca smiled. "Maybe, but I'm not the one naked in a romantic Italian restaurant with a girl across the table, am I?"

They glared at one another. "Spread them now or I'm out with the dress."

Cassandra tried to hold out but couldn't. Resigned, she uncrossed her legs and spread her knees wide apart. She could feel the cool air on her bare sex.

"That's my girl." All of a sudden, Rebecca slid her bare foot our of her shoe and up between Cassandra's legs. Slowly she began to rub the noticeably wet lips.

"What are you doing?" Cassandra demanded, her eyes bugging out.

"Just getting you ready for Joel. If I remember correctly, he won't last long and you will be left a bit wanting."

"STOP IT," Cassandra hissed but she could not stop her body's reaction from betraying her.

"You like this Cassie, don't you?"

"No, I don't," she said, her voice strained from the stress of containing her moans. "Please stop."

"Please stop what Cassie," Rebecca said innocently.

"Please stop rubbing me, ohH" Cassandra said, unable to stifle her moan this time. "Oh God Rebecca, please stop."

"What am I doing," Rebecca said, "just came by and saw an old friend in a vulnerable situation and figured I would come by and help." Just then, she stuck her big toe inside the girl's lips.

"OHHHH GODD," Cassandra said, grabbing the table with both hands and tried to get away from the invading toe but unable to move. Finally, she quivered and obviously came. Rebecca wiped her toe on the girl's bare thighs and smiled.

"Your dress is in the coat check room, here's the ticket," Rebecca said. "Joel's not here, he's waiting for you at another restaurant. He emailed you but I guess you didn't get it. His phone is missing or he would have called you. he was surprised that you offered to meet him there and that you had bought a special dress to wear to surprise him. You emailed him a photo. By now, he will think you stood him up. That would be awful and I'll have to be there to console him. Maybe next Valentine's Day will be our anniversary."

The girl slid out of the booth. "By the way, I have all of this on video. Not me in it, God no, but you, naked and cumming, in a public restaurant. Maybe now you will be a little nicer to everyone or maybe it gets sent to people, you know."

With that, she left, leaving a worn out and drained naked girl wondering what the hell happened and what she was going to do next.
