Author: mypenname3000
Title: In Another World with My Bimbo App Three: Spanking the Busty Goblin Bimbos
Summary: A group of bimbofied goblin slaves must be spanked!
Keywords: MFFF MF MFF mc oral facial anal A2M bond BDSM spank monster cuck exhib voy fantasy magic gamelit

Copywrite 2023

Visit my blog at http://mypenname3000.com

Note: Thanks to my beta reader for helping out!

Mark Johnson

Five goblins burst out of the brush in tattered, leather armor. They wielded rusty weapons that made me hope this body had its tetanus shot. They stood half my height and looked feral with wild, green faces and fanged teeth.

They charged at us, howling.

Anni rushed at them and set her shield. She caught her blade on one of them, her big boobs jiggling in her bikini armor. She threw back her shield, knocking the goblin back. She slashed her sword, cutting into the leather armor and bringing a hiss of pain from her foe.

I drew my ax and flail, my heart racing. This wasn't like the slime. These guys had weapons and were rushing in at us. The first one reached me. I slashed my ax and struck him in the face. I felt the jarring impact. Greenish blood spurted from the wound.

The goblin reeled back, a deep gash that went to the skull. Blood poured down to his bushy eyebrow. The goblin snarled and drew back his sword to stab me. Something hissed by me. The blur struck the goblin in the head with a sickening crunch.

He fell backward, an arrow buried into his eye. He was dead. Cally had killed him.

Woot! Woot! the busty, bimbofied elf squealed as she jumped up and down. Her big boobs almost bouncing out of her leather bustier. Lucky shot! That was a lucky ducky shot! Woot!

Celebrate later! I gasped as a goblin rushed at her. Watch out, Cally!

She stopped jumping and drew an arrow. She knocked and released it in a smooth motion. It too the goblin in the shoulder, punching through his leather armor and maybe striking bone. I don't know. He grunted and staggered from the blow.

He kept rushing at my bimbo-elf. She danced back on her graceful feet, her boobs heaving in her bustier. The goblin missed her. Anni's giggles drew me to her as she parried a goblin's sword then slashed back at him with her ability.

She took hers in the throat. He fell back gurgling in a spurt of green blood. He thrashed on the ground as two more of the goblins rushed at me. I gripped my weapons and slashed at the first one with my ax. The goblin blocked with his rusty sword. Behind him, three females with spears jumped out of the brush. They wore leather boob armor and had feminine, almost pretty, faces.

The goblins attacked me. I used my flail to knock one sword to the side, the leather straps surprisingly effective at that. The other stabbed his sword right into my armor. It hit the chainmail links. They stopped them but I grunted, feeling the impact.

Master! Anni cried and raced over. She slashed her sword at that one, forcing him to turn and attack her. 

Metal clanged as they dueled. She giggled after parrying one blow and took his head off with a sweeping blow. I fought the other. I got a good blow with the ax as the female goblins rushed in to support them. The goblin staggered, arm bleeding.

He's yours, Anni! I cried, eager to use my skill Ass Slap which only worked on female monsters.

Righty-oh, Master! Anni said and slammed her sword at the goblin. 

He caught it, knocking some of the rust off his blade. I darted around him and rushed at the goblin women. They thrust their spears at me. One caught my armor on the side and spun me. I hit the haft of another. I was inside their weapons. I darted past the middle one and activated Ass Slap as I passed her.

With my ax, I flipped up her leather armor skirt to expose her naked, green ass. I slapped her right there with my flail.

SLAP!

The stinging sound of the leather echoed through the woods. The goblin squealed and jumped at the stinging impact. Then she dropped to the ground, quivering. I blinked at that. She wasn't defeated. She was... stunned!

I had stunned her with the Ass Slap.

The other two whirled around and thrust their spears at me. I flipped my flail to the left, striking that spear and knocking it past me. I hit the other with my ax, knocking it up so it stabbed over my shoulder. I stepped into the goblins, both of them rather busty. I slapped one with my flail across her chest.

Across her titties.

Even through the leather armor, she felt that stinging impact. She gasped, her eyes widening. A howl of pain burst from her lips. My flail was perfect to use on female monsters. I grinned and slashed with my flail again.

I hit her in the belly.

She squealed. It was almost a sexual gasp of pain and pleasure like she was a masochist eager to be spanked by her dom. I slapped her in the ass as she staggered. It wasn't my skill, but apparently, it overwhelmed her.

Gasping, she fell to the ground, twitching.

The last female goblin roared in anger and stabbed her spear at me. She struck me in the armor, but the armor held. I knocked her spear to the side with my ax and slapped my flail down across her shoulder. It hit her back.

She gasped, her spine arching. She staggered. I darted past her and whipped her back again. My flail fell once then twice, using an X sort of pattern to sweep it before me and flog the naughty goblin woman with it.

She dropped to her knees, moaning in pleasure, and joined the other three on the ground. I looked up to see Cally skipping toward us. She had felled her enemy with her bow. Anni grinned as she wiped the green blood off the last goblin she dispatched.

The three female goblins quivered on the ground. Let's tie them up, I said. Bind their hands behind them. I want to whip their asses for being so naughty.

Yesy siry, Master! Anni said and sheathed her sword. She unslung her shield and reached into her pouch. She pulled out some rope. I'll knotty her up.

Ooh, ooh, I can make such goody great knots, Master! Cally said, the elf smiling so bright as her blonde hair spilled behind her. She still looked like an air-headed version of Arwen even with the golden hair she had now.

They dropped to their knees and started tying up the goblin women. They started at the pair on the outside while I stared down at the one I just stunned with my flail. My cock was so hard. They were sexy, these goblin women.

Short but busty.

I planned on enjoying my time in the fantasy world with my Bimbo App. This was remarkable. 

Anni and Cally both went to tie up the third goblin at the same time. The pair of them reached and stopped, blinking. It was clear they were confused by what to do. They both tried to knot the hands again only to collide.

Then it happened a third time.

Master, whined Anni, staring up at me. Cally's in the way!

Master, Anni's being mean, Cally whimpered. 

They both stared up at me, tears in their eyes. They were on the verge of sobbing like crybabies. I smiled at that and found my hands resting on both their heads. My two bimbos were so cute with their big, quivering breasts held in their armor.

Anni, you can tie up the goblin since you're my first bimbo, I said. Cally, you'll get the next one we find.

I'm first! squealed Anni as Cally said, I'll do it so goody, Master! I promise!

I smiled at how she puffed out her chest while Anni went to work tying up the last goblin woman's hands behind her back. It was hot seeing them like that wearing their leather skirts. I had them kneeling and flipped back their skirts.

All of them had green asses that quivered. Their pussies were covered in thick, black hair. I sheathed my ax but I kept my flail in hand. I just had to whip all their asses. My cock throbbed in my pants.

Such naughty goblin-sluts for attacking us! I cried and swung my flail before me.

CRACK! CRACK! SLAP!

I struck all three of their rumps, though the third one not as hard as the first. So I grinned and swung in the other way.

CRACK! CRACK! SLAP!

The sound echoed through the woods. It made my dick so hard when all three of the goblins gasped. Their backs arched and they cried out in a mix of pain and pleasures. They babbled in grunts and squeals as they wiggled their green asses.

A scarlet hue slowly blossomed across their cheeks. Right at the curving swell of their delicious rumps. I loved the sight while the first drops of dew appeared in their downy curls. They were getting off on it. Their bodies squirmed, hands pulling at the knots.

Surprisingly, my bimbos actually tied them securely.

I drew back the flail and swung it again. 

CRACK! CRACK! SLAP!

The three squealed as I slapped it back from the other side. 

CRACK! CRACK! SLAP!

The sounds of the lather impacting flesh and the way the trio squeals was so hot to hear. 

Such naughty goblins! I gasped and swung the flail to the right. 

CRACK! CRACK! SLAP!

You three are such wicked goblins sluts! I swung the flail to the left. 

CRACK! CRACK! SLAP!

It was hot going back and forth, smacking their rumps with the leather flails. My two bimbos were both squirming, too. They had their own hot pussies while they watched me disciplining the naughty goblin-sluts. 

CRACK! CRACK! SLAP!

Such wicked, wicked monster-sluts! I cried. 

CRACK! CRACK! SLAP! 

You deserve to be spanked for attacking us, don't you? 

CRACK! CRACK! SLAP!

The monster girls all squealed out their agreement, their green asses glowing cherry red now. Their pussy juices soaked their bushes. Cream ran down their thighs. The tangy aroma of goblin cunt filled my nose.

I was enamored with that scent. It was wonderful to breathe in. I sucked in deeply, savoring how naughty they smelled. It was such a thrill to inhale that musk. My cock was so hard while they all screamed and babbled.

You wicked goblin-sluts just want me to fuck you! I growled. 

CRACK! CRACK! SLAP!

That's why you attacked me! 

CRACK! CRACK! SLAP!

They all squealed again. Their feminine moans were so delicious. I groaned, sheathing my flail and dropping to my knees behind them. I had three burning rumps before me and three furred muffs dripping with tangy passion.

I slapped my hands down on the middle goblin. She gasped at the stinging impact. Her ass burned from her flogging. I kneaded her rump and leaned forward. I was about to eat monster pussy. A goblin's slutty cunt.

This was the joy of being in a fantasy world. Not just fucking hot bimbos, but sexy monsters. I nuzzled into her snatch, her curls spilling over my face. They tickled me. I loved the feeling as I found her cuntlips.

I lapped at her.

Oh, Master, eaty her pussy! Anni said. Eaty that gobliny-slut's cunny cunt!

Goblinies are all slutty-whores, Master! gasped Cally. Eaty her and drowny in her juices!

That was the plan. My tongue flicked through the goblin-slut's tangy juices. She moaned in delight as I kneaded her hot ass. I flicked my tongue from her clit to her taint, gathering up all her tangy juices. This was delicious.

I reveled in feasting on goblin poon in another world. I thrust my tongue into the goblin-slut's cunt. I swirled around in her. She gasped, squeezing her twat down around my tongue. I whirled it around in her, stirring her up.

She loved what I was doing to her. She clamped her cunt down on me. She held me tight with that delicious cunt. She was fantastic to enjoy. It was exciting having her do that. She rubbed her pussy back into my face, her curls smearing over my flesh.

Yesy yes, eaty her pussy cunt! Anni cheered. She clapped her hands. Make that gobliny-whore cummy cum cum!

I loved her enthusiasm.

My tongue danced around in the goblin's snatch. She squeezed her cunt around me, moaning. I flicked out of her hole and attacked her clit. I tongued over her naughty bud. I loved stroking that clit. I savored how she shuddered.

She wiggled her hips, rubbing her pussy back into my face. It was a fantastic thrill to feast on her. To love her with all that passion. I flicked my tongue around in her cunt and drove her wild. I tongued her. Stroked over her.

It was fantastic to feast upon her.

I nibbled on her clit, her curls rubbing into my mouth. She squealed louder. Her tangy juices trickled hot down my chin. I kneaded her flexing rump as I suckled on her bud. She howled out in rapture.

A flood of her tangy juices gushed out of her cunt.

I made the goblin cum. I savored drinking the slut's juices. I enjoyed the monster's cream. My tongue flicked through her folds, gathering up every drop of her passion that I could. I loved this so much. I savored every second of this delight. It was magnificent.

She gasped and moaned, squirming through her rapture. I lapped at my prisoner, her bonds groaning as her arms flexed. I licked at her until she fell into pants and soft moans. Her orgasm had passed. I was eager for more fun.

The goblin squirmed there in obvious delight as I lifted my face. I licked my lips, savoring her flavor pussy. She had a great tasting one. And I wanted to fuck another. They were small and sexy with their glowing asses.

Damn, I said and unbuckled my belt. I took that off then peeled off my chainmail coat. I threw that down. I unlaced my pants and pulled out my cock.

Ooh, ooh, Master's going to fucky one of them. That's so neaty. Anni squirmed there, rubbing her hands together. Fucky her so hard, Master!

I winked at her and shifted down to the goblin on the right. I was so ready to just pound her hard. I pressed my dick into her thick bush. She wiggled her hips back and forth, growling in her monstrous tongue.

Ooh, ooh, poundy that slutty gobliny-slut! cheered Cally. Fucky her so hardy! Like you did me!

And me! Anni added.

They were such delicious bimbos. Being in another world with my Bimbo App was such a fun delight. I was glad I was here. This beat the real world by a fucking mile.

I thrust my cock into her cunt. I buried deep and hard into the slut's snatch. I loved how she gasped when her tight, juicy twat stretched to take my big dick. I bet I was way more hung than any goblin. I groaned as I pushed to the hilt in her.

That's right, I groaned. That's a real dick in you!

A really real dick! Anni squealed. She grabbed Cally's hands. The pair of them jumped up and down, giggling and laughing. 

The goblin growled out in pleasure, her hot twat gripping my dick. I loved the feel of her around me. I gripped her hips and drew back. Her fingers flexed, her wrists fighting against the bonds, but they held.

I drove back into her cunt. I slammed to the hilt in her snatch, loving how amazing her cunt was. She had a delicious snatch. It was a thrill to fuck her like this I pumped away at her. I fucked her with all that I had. She gasped and moaned as I drove into her over and over again.

I fucked her hard and fast. I plowed to the hilt in her cunt. I reveled in that wonderful thrill. Her reddened butt-cheeks jiggled from the force of my strokes. My heavy nuts slapped into her bush. I groaned, burying deep and hard into her over and over again. 

I loved how she gripped me with that hot snatch. Damn! Goblin poon is great!

Goblin poon is great! the two bimbos both giggled. They jumped up and down. Goblin poon is great! Goblin poon is great!

I grinned at their chanting as I fucked the goblin's cunts. I pounded that hot twat with force, savoring that wonderful thrill. It was just so much fun to fuck her hard and fast. To churn her up with every thrust into her cunt.

I fucked her with hard strokes. I buried into her with everything that I had. It was so hot feeling that juicy cunt squeezing around me. She gripped me. Massaged me as I plowed to the hilt in her snatch. My nuts drank in the heat.

Goblin poon is great!

I grinned, savoring that hot poon around my dick. The goblin moaned and gasped. Her bound body squirmed as I fucked that juicy cunt. I pounded the sexy monster girl hard. I filled her up. Her pussy clamped down around my cock. 

She wiggled her hips as I fucked her. She was into this. She loved what I was doing to her. That was hot. I was so glad to fuck her like this. I was so ready to just dump all my cum into her cunt. She held me tight as I fucked to the hilt in her snatch.

She wiggled her hips, stirring her cunt around my cock. It was a wonderful rush to fuck her like this. I hammered her faster and faster. The need to cum built and built. I grunted as I fucked into her delicious poon.

The goblin squealed. Her cunt writhed around my dick.

Yes! I growled. That's it, you little goblin-slut! Cum on my dick!

Cummy on Master's dick! the two bimbos chanted as they jumped in circles, their hair flying.
I savored the goblin's cunt writhing around me. She massaged me with that silky snatch. I loved that delicious heat building and building in me. I fucked her with all the passion that I had. Her pussy suckled at me. 

I grunted and erupted into her pussy.

Fuck, yes! 

I dumped my cum into the conquered monster girl's twat. I had enslaved this goblin. she was my slut to use. I trembled as the pleasure shot through me. The bliss slammed into my mind. It was just perfect to feel. I groaned at the rapture sweeping through me. I loved every last second of that ecstasy sweeping through me. 

My cock erupted over and over again. I pumped my cum into the goblin's writhing pussy. I grunted with each eruption into her poon. She suckled at me with that hot cunt. I shuddered a how fantastic that felt. My eyes rolled back in my head.

Fuck! I grunted as I filled her up. You dirty goblin-slut!

Dirty gobliny-slut! cheered the bimbos.

The goblin's cunt spasmed around my cock and worked out all the cum in me. I groaned with the last spurt of jizz into her snatch. It was wonderful. I had all that pleasure in me. It rippled through me. I groaned, savoring every last second of this moment.

It was perfect.

Damn, I groaned, pulling my cock out of her cunt. Damn, that was good.

Now I had two satiated goblin-sluts, but there was that one of the left. Her rump wiggled. She mewled in this cute way. My cock dripped with one goblin's pussy juices. The perfect lube for another goblin's asshole.

I shifted down the line to the one on the left. I pressed my cock between her reddened butt-cheeks. She shifted, turning her head. Her yellow eyes stared at me. I winked at her as I slid my cock down and down to her asshole.

I drilled against her backdoor. I loved the texture of her sphincter. She felt wonderful against me. I groaned as I pushed harder and harder on her bowels. She groaned as her anal ring widened for me. She trembled, her butt-cheeks clenching.

Come on, I growled.

Open up that buttyhole for Master's mighty cock! Cally squealed. I lovey it up the butt!

Me, too! Anni added.

The goblin moaned as her anal ring widened and swallowed my cock. I shuddered as I buried into the tight backdoor of the goblin's asshole. It was fantastic to feel her bowels devouring my cock. It was just a perfect moment to have her anal sheath suckling me in deeper and deeper.

I bottomed out in her. The goblin moaned, her eyes squeezed shut. She wiggled, her wrist pulling at the ropes. Her asshole clamped down on me as I savored her velvety warmth. I drew back my cock. She groaned as I did that. I pulled my cock back, sliding out of her bowels.

Yes, I groaned, savoring that velvety grip on my dick.

It felt perfect to have her gripping me like that. It was just a hot delight enjoying her bowels around my cock. I thrust back into her asshole. She gasped, my crotch smacking her flogged butt-cheeks. Her body squirmed.

You love that, I growled and drew back again.

She moaned as her anal sheath massaged my dick. The pleasure massaged the crown of my dick. It was so hot. I loved it so much as I fucked to the hilt in her bowels. I buried back into her. It was just amazing having her anal sheath gripping me.

I plowed to the hilt in her bowels. I fucked her anal sheath, savoring that velvety grip around my cock. She held me tight as I fucked away at her. I buried into her with everything that I had. It was fantastic having all that pleasure gripping my cock. I grunted with hard strokes.

I fucked her with passion. My nuts slapped into her taint, heavy with my cum. I wanted to pump more and more cum into her bowels. It felt just so delicious burying into her again and again. I fucked her with force. It was so awesome.

I loved this so much. I savored this so much. It was perfect fucking her asshole. I slammed to the hilt in her bowels over and over again. She gasped and grunted as I fucked her. It was fantastic to pound her. That was just an amazing moment. I pounded her over and over again.

Yes, yes, yes, I'm going to cum in your asshole, goblin-slut! I growled.

Cum in her assyhole, Master! Cally squealed.

Yes, yes, yes! Anni added, the pair of them watching with their hot eyes.

I slammed hard into the goblin's bowels. I fucked her hard, the pressure growing and growing at the tip of my cock. I loved how she squeezed down around me. She held me tight with that delicious anal sheath. It was a fantastic sensation.

I thrust into her over and over again. I savored every last second of fucking her bowels. I loved this so much. It was a wonderful sensation to pound her. I fucked her with force. I hammered her over and over again.

You dirty goblin-slut! I howled. You're such a dirty whore! Cum on my dick!

She moaned, squeezing her bowels around my cock. She wiggled her hips. I could feel her rising toward her orgasm. She would suckle at my dick. I slammed to the hilt in her anal sheath with such passion. I savored that passion. 

I hammered her with everything that I had, my nuts slapping into her taint. I hammered her with everything I had. She squeezed her bowels around my dick. Her fingers flexed as her butt-cheeks jiggled from the impacts.

The goblin-slut squealed. Her anal sheath convulsed around me.

Shit, yes! I growled, savoring conquering her asshole. I buried to the hilt in her and erupted.

I pumped my cum into her pussy, savoring every blast of spunk that erupted from my dick. The pleasure slammed through me. It was incredible having all that pleasure sweeping through me. I enjoyed it immensely.

Fuck, I groaned as her anal sheath rippled around me.

The goblin-slave gasped and moaned as she trembled through her orgasm. Her anal sheath rippled around me. She felt so good on me. Just so amazing suckling at my dick. I grunted, dumping all my spunk into her bowels.

I ripped my cock out of their assholes and stared at the sight before me. That was hot, but now my dick was dirty. The two bimbos were bouncing up and down. They needed to get into the fun of things. It would be just perfect if they did.

Okay, sluts, I said. Come and suck my cock.

The goblins all moaned and shifted, trying to do just that while my bimbos stopped jumping and darted over to me. They both understood when their Master needed to have his dick cleaned. This was just so perfect.

Ooh, ooh, let's cleany Master's dicky! Anni squealed. Yummy nummy!

Gobliny ass is all making Master's cock all dirty! Cally said. Let's cleany him up!

The two squealed and licked at the sides of my cock. They moaned as they did that. I savored their warm tongues sliding higher and higher up my dick. They both felt amazing as they did that. It was such a wonderful moment to experience.

The goblin-slaves all whimpered and wiggled. One had cum matting her bush another had jizz trickling out of her well-fucked asshole. I felt so good about the situation. My first real victory in this world. A band of goblins dispatched and their slutty women claimed.

Their wives. It was the ultimate form of cuckolding them. The ultimate form of victory.

My two bimbos reached down to the base of my cock and licked back up me again. They both were giggling as they did. It was clear that they loved this flavor. I groaned, savoring that heat. It was just so hot.

Their tongues flicked over the crown of my cock. They both had such delicious lips. Ruby and plump. Their boobs quivered in their armor. Their lips smacked as they made out. Their tongues flashed as they kissed each other.

Ooh, Master's cock! squealed Anni. You distracted me with your plumpy lips and your sweetie kisses!

You distracted me! Cally insisted. I'm a sexy elf. We don't get distracted. We're not dummy humans. Were smarty elves!

You both are bimbos, I groaned. Keep cleaning.

Yesy sir, Master! they sang out together.

Their lips licked up my shaft a third time. I reveled in that delight I savored it as they climbed higher and higher up my cock. The pleasure swept through me as they reached the pinnacle again. Their tongues danced around it, brushing each other as they polished me.

Then Cally slid her mouth over my cock. Anni gasped with indignation. She stared at her, huffing and puffing out her cheeks while the elf bobbed her head. She worked that hot mouth up and down my cock, her ears twitching. 

Master, I was gonna do that! Anni said. I was! Honesty. I was gonna sucky and sucky and polishy and cleany your dick!

I know, I groaned. Cally beat you to it. Lick her ear. That'll show her!

I will, Master! Anni looked so serious as she said that. Serious and adorable all at the same time. She turned her head and licked Cally's ear.

The elf squeezed her violet eyes shut and really suckled. It was just so hot as she nursed on me with such passion. It was such a wonderful delight to feel. I groaned, savoring that heat. It was perfect. The heat rushed through me as she bobbed her head.

Anni swirled her tongue around the tip of the elf's ear then suckled on it. Cally moaned, nursing with such passion as the human did such naughty things to her. I loved the pressure building at the crown of my dick. 

Anni flicked her tongue around the elf's ear between suckles. It was hot to watch as that delicious mouth worked up and down my cock. I groaned as they did that. It was heaven. I savored every last second of Cally's amazing oral. Her tongue danced around my cock.

Damn, I groaned as they suckled on me. Oh, damn, that's good, but... Anni should have a chance to suckle on me, too.

Anni popped her mouth off Cally's pointed ear and squealed, Yesy, I should, Cally! I'm a cocky-sucky girl, too!

The elf slid her lips off my cock with a wet plop. The moment she did, Anni moaned and swallowed my cock. Her plump lips slid over the crown and sealed around the shaft. Her tongue danced around my dirt dick, polishing me.

Master! Master! Cally moaned. She suckyed on my ear!

Then suck back, I groaned, savoring the human's hot mouth working up and down my cock. She knew what she was doing. That was an incredible rush. Damn, that's it!

The cutie bobbed her mouth. She worked up and down my cock as Cally nuzzled in and licked at the human's ear. She stroked over the round lobe with her tongue. Anni shivered and moaned around my dick. I loved watching that pink tongue tracing around Anni's ear.

This was so hot. The goblin-slaves moaned and squirmed on the ground, all their bushes dripping with their excitement. I just enjoyed this blowjob from my human bimbo. My elf nibbled on Anni's ear. Anni moaned even louder.

That's it, I groaned. Shit, I'm going to love cumming on both of your faces.

That sounds so good, Master, Cally squealed. I want your cummies on my face.

Anni mumbled around my cock.

Don't speak with your mouth around my dick, I groaned. If you want to say something, pop your mouth off.

Anni did just that. I want to have your cummies on my face, too, she squealed as Cally swallowed my cock. Hey! I was suckying on that! 

Well, now it's Cally's turn, I groaned. Mmm, that's it. Suck that dick. I'm going to jizz all over your face. You're going to be dripping in cum!

Cally suckled hard, her tongue swirling around my cock. She buffed my dick as she worked her ruby lips up and down my cock. She suckled with such passion. Such enthusiasm. I couldn't wait to flood her mouth with all that cum. I was so ready for it. 

The naughty slut suckled so hard. Her pointed ears wiggled as she worked her mouth up and down my cock. Anni squirmed there, the bimbo fighter clearly looking to suck my cock, too. She wanted to make me cum.

 I was eager for that, too. I wanted to spurt all my jizz across their faces. That would be just perfect. I wanted my bimbos dripping in cum. I groaned, my nuts tightening as Cally suckled on me while Anni whimpered.

Share, Cally, I said.

Yes, goody bimboy-elves share! Anni said.

Cally popped her mouth off and gasped, I'm a goody bimboy-elf!

Yes, you are, I growled as Anni suckled on my dick. So good. Shit, that's good, Anni. Just keep sucking on me. I'm going to cum on your faces!

Anni suckled so hard. Her tongue flicked over my cock. She nursed hard. It was so wonderful feeling her wanting to enjoy that delight. I rose toward that moment of eruption. I savored what the human bimbo did to me.

She slid her lips down my cock and back up. It was incredible enjoying every last second of this delight. It was so passionate having her suckling on me. She danced her tongue around my cock. She suckled on me with such passion.

I loved it so much. I savored every last second of her hot mouth working on me. The pressure in my nuts groaned. I was getting so close. I couldn't take much more of this. Anni's tongue danced around me while Cally stared up at me, ears twitching.

Yes, yes, yes, I groaned. That's good. That's perfect. Keep sucking on me like that. Oh, shit, I'm going to cum!

Anni ripped her mouth off my cock and squealed, Cummy on our faces!

I'm a goody bimboy-elf that deservies your jizzies! Cally moaned.

Yes, you fucking do, I groaned as Cally stroked her hand up and down my cock. She fisted me. The pressure at the tip of my cock swelled. That's it... Fuck!

I erupted.

My cum splashed across my bimbos faces. I grunted with each eruption. The rapture slammed through me. It crashed into my mind. Sparks flared across my vision. They danced across my vision as I hosed them down.

Master's jizzies! they both squealed together and thrust their pink tongues out.

They caught my pearly jizz on those tongues as I splashed their plump lips, their cheekbones and foreheads. I sprayed them down. Jizz splattered on Cally's pointed ear. The spunk dripped from her straight lobe while I shuddered through the rapture.

I grunted again and again. My cum pumped from my cock and drenched their faces in my seed. The pleasure slammed through me with each eruption. Each spurt gave me more bliss. I groaned as my last blast splashed across their faces.

Damn, I panted, the ecstasy beating through me. Damn, that was good.

So goody great! squealed Anni.

Master's cummies, Cally moaned. I'm so ducky lucky! Ooh, and there's jizzies on you, Anni!

Neaty! Anni turned her head. And on you! Oh, yummy spermies for me to licky up!

The pair of them lapped up my cum that coated their faces. They stroked over each other, gathering up all the spunk that they could. It was hot to watch them doing that. I groaned, savoring this moment so much. It was incredible seeing two women, a human and an elf, cleaning my jizz off the other's face.

They started kissing, too. Snowballing my cum back and forth. That was just a hot thing to see. I was so glad that it was happening. My heart pounded a wild beat in my chest as I sucked in a deep breath. I was so glad to enjoy this. 

I buzzed with such delight. The pleasure hummed through me. I felt so good as I watched those sluts cleaning up my cum. Then I glanced at the goblin-sluts. They weren't adventurers, but was there anything I could do with them?

Yummy cummies! Cally squealed.

Such delicious cummies, Anni moaned. I lovey them.

I pulled up my pants and laced up. I drew my phone out of my pocket to check the app. I opened it up and the first thing I noticed as that I had 5 Magic Crystals. So that meant they were all level 1 monsters and it didn't count the three I captured.

A bubble burst on the screen. Congratulations on capturing your first monster girls! While you don't earn Magic Crystals from subduing and capturing them, you can earn points by selling them as slaves in towns. You just have to make them into slaves first. It costs 1 Magic Crystal per level to make a captured monster girl into a slave!

But how much would I make for selling them?

Still, the idea of making them into actual bimbo slaves was very exciting to me. I pointed the camera at the one I had fucked in the ass. My jizz trickled out of her crack and soaked the top of her bush as she squirmed there.

Make Goblin Female into a Bimbo Slave? YES or NO.

I tapped YES. And just like that, I had a new tab marked Bimbo Slaves. I clicked on it and saw Level 1 Goblin Slave listed there. Nothing else. Well, I aimed at the second goblin I ate out. I hit the YES button and now it read Level 1 Goblin Slave x2. Then it was x3. And like that, I had spent 3 Magic Crystals and was down to 2 left. Then in noticed that they all had chains attached to iron collars around their necks. 

So I did make them into slaves.

Hot.

Untie them, I said.

The two bimbos were in the process of sharing my cum and required me to say the command a second time to get them moving. They broke their kiss and blinked. Then they looked over at them and scampered over. They untied the goblins as I picked up their chains.

The three goblins all stood and... had the most empty-headed smiles possible. They were all clearly bimbofied now. And they were way bustier than I remember them being. They didn't get new gear, but their leather jerkins did expand to show off their enhanced cleavage. 

They stripped that off. I groaned as their bodies were soon revealed. They all had big, green knockers topped with darker green nipples. They were the epitome of shortstacks. I groaned at the sight of them.

Fuck, I said. 

I needed to have one ride me. I pointed at the one I ate out and commanded, Bimbo-slave, open my pants, get my cock out, then ride my dick so I can watch those big goblin-titties bounce!

Bouncing boobies! squealed Anni as the goblin darted over and eagerly unlaced me. 

She had my pants open and yanked them down in a moment. Her hands grabbed my dick. She climbed up me, her big boobs sliding around my cock as she was... trying to ride me. Just like I had ordered her to do. What an obedient slave.

I grabbed her ass and stretched out on my back on the ground. She planted her furred muff right on my cock. She smiled at me, her teeth sharp. Her yellow eyes brimmed with empty-headed delight. She was so ready to ride me. Her chain draped down between her big boobs.

She pressed my cock into her pussy. The goblin-slave's twat plunged down my cock. I groaned as she did that. The pleasure swept through me. It was fantastic feeling all that pussy devouring my dick. Her titties bounced before me. Those heavy, green mounds slapped together in such a delightful display.

Nice! I groaned.

They rippled after the impact. They were such fleshy tits. She squeezed her cunt around my cock as she slid back up me. She gripped me with that wonderful twat. It was fantastic to feel her pussy around me massaging me.

She reached the pinnacle of my cock before she plunged back down me. Her big boobs bounced and heaved. Those titties of hers swayed back and forth as I loved every last second of that pussy squeezing about me.

She gripped me. Held me tight. It was an incredible rush having her riding me.

Her chain clanked between her breasts as she rode me. Her hot pussy slid up and down me, swelling me toward that amazing orgasm. I groaned, reveling in that hot pussy riding my dick. She plunged down my cock and swept back up me.

You dirty goblin-slut! I groaned. Oh, yes, yes, that's so good. I bet you'd let me do anything to you!

Like pee on her! squealed Anni. That would be so naughty!

Eww, naughty and nasty and hottie! Cally said, bouncing up and down.

Hottie? Did she want to be pissed on?

Interesting.

But that was for later. Right now, I savored that hot goblin twat working up and down me. The slave squeezed around me, her face twisting with delight. She wiggled her hips back and forth as she stirred her cunt around my cock.

I savored every second of that delight. It was just fantastic. Just a wonderful rush to have all that wonderful bliss building and building in me. I hurtled toward that amazing rapture. I couldn't wait to just burst in her.

Fuck, yes, I groaned, her tits jiggling around those chains.

Bouncy, bouncy, bouncy! squealed Anni, clapping her hands along.

Ooh, ooh, that must feel so goody in your pussy, gobliny-slave! whimpered Cally. I lovey Master's dickie in me!

Me, too! Annie said.

The goblin I ass-fucked thrust her arm in the air and moaned in delight, her chain draped between her tits, too.

I smiled. It was hot having my goblin-slaves loving my dick, too. They were all bimbos now. I loved it. I savored that hot delight squeezing around my cock. The pressure in my nuts swelled and swelled toward that bursting point.

That's it, I groaned. You're going to get so much cum. Just so much jizz!

The goblin squealed in delight, her hot pussy gripping my dick. 

Yeah, you want that cum flooding your naughty cunt. I grinned at her, those big boobs heaving around the chain. Just so eager to have all that spunk flooding your cunt!

She grinned at me.

The goblin plunged her cunt down my cock and squealed in delight. Her head threw back and her big titties jiggled. Her cunt convulsed around my dick. I loved that hot twat rippling and writhing around my dick. She suckled at me with all that delicious flesh.

Shit, I groaned.

She cummied! squealed Anni.

Go, shortystack, go! Cally cried, bounding up and down and clapping.

Fuck, yes! I snarled and erupted.

I pumped my cum into the goblin-slave's cunt. I loved the way her cunt spasmed around my dick. She suckled at me with that hot snatch of hers. I groaned, savoring all that pleasure sweeping through me. It was fantastic feeling this bliss rushing through me.

I groaned through every last second of climaxing. My cock pumped blast after blast of my cum into her snatch. I filled her up as the bliss swept through me. It was outstanding to have all that rapture sweeping through my body.

Fuck, yes! I growled as her hot cunt suckled at my dick.

She bounced on me, those awesome green titties slapping together. Her hot cunt writhed around me. I pumped more and more of my cum into her snatch. This heat swept through me. It was so amazing to feel every last second of flooding her twat.

My nuts twitched as I filled her to the brim. It was a fantastic delight. I shuddered, my eyes rolling back in her head. It was a fantastic rush to have all that rapture sweeping through me. I groaned as I pumped her cunt full of jizz.

Yes, I groaned as I fired the last of my cum into her pussy. That's amazing! That's

A mighty roar echoed through the forest. A tree crashed down nearby and a shaggy bull charged straight at me lying on my back with a goblin-slave shuddering on me. Anni squealed and dived out of the way of the stampeding beast.

Shit! I snarled, the ground shaking beneath my back.

To be continued...