Author: mypenname3000
Title: Futa Slime From Outer Space Chapter Five: Ruru's Naughty Tentacle Antics
Summary: Things heat up when Ruru unleahes her tentacles on Shannon, her futa-mother, and her little sister!
Keywords: Mf Hhf Hhhhf inc oral creampie tentacles anal DP wife MILF cheat monster

Copywrite 2022

Visit my blog at http://mypenname3000.com

Note: Thanks to my wonderful beta readers!

Ruru

I slipped into the room and stared at the sleeping male. It was the mate of Mrs. Mathers. I stalked to the bed, wearing Shannon's form. My gelatinous body quivered with excitement. I would have to rouse him and take his cum into my body.

I had never had sex with a male. From what I had gathered, he would not appreciate me having a cock, so I just had to be all-female for him. Then... he would receive the treatment through my pussy juices, absorbed through his cock.

Then he would have the joy of being gender-swapped into a she. Just like his world celebrated. That was what I had learned on the internet today. I had hacked their Smart TV and absorbed so much knowledge. 

No surgery or strange hormones for this man. Mrs. Mathers mate would have a far, far better treatment. A genetic one. I would rewrite his genome to be different. I quivered with excitement.

I grabbed the sheet and drew it off his body. He had a hairy chest. These humans had too much hair. I drew it down to find him wearing tight shorts. Boxers. That was the word. His cock was in them. I crawled onto the bed between his thick thighs, covered in more hair. My gelatinous fingers, a wonderful shade of pink, hooked his boxers and pulled them down.

His cock popped out. It was so small even considering it was flaccid. I licked my lips and leaned my head down to suck him off. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Stephen Mathers

The warmth sucked on me, drawing me out of my dreams. I groaned, my back arching. I came awake staring at the ceiling. I blinked and glanced at the alarm clock. 3:04 AM. I groaned. I didn't have to get up for work just yet. I could sleep and...

Something warm was sucking on my cock. I groaned at the blowjob that I was receiving. My dick throbbed as a tongue swept over the crown of my cock. Pleasure shot down on my shaft. It was just such a delight. I savored it.

Damn, Nora, I groaned. What has gotten into you? Middle of the night blowjob?

The mouth just kept sucking. My cock quivered from the pleasure. This felt amazing. I closed my eyes and savored my wife's mouth working up and down my cock. One of her hand's cupped my balls. She never did that, but it felt nice as she massaged them.

The tongue danced around was so flexible. The lips soft. Was it my imagination, or did this mouth feel different from my wifes? But who else but Nora would be sucking me off? One of our daughters? That was ridiculous. It must be Nora.

That's so good, Nora, I groaned, my nuts twitching in her fingers massaging embrace.

She moaned around my cock, clearly into blowing me as much as I was savoring it. This felt amazing having my wife work her mouth up and down my dick. She slid down then suckled back up. That was fantastic to enjoy.

The pressure swelled in my nuts massaged by her fingers. She was just so good at sucking at my dick. She had such skill. It wouldn't be too much longer. The ache throbbed across the crown as her tongue swept over it. 

She knew just what to do. She was such an expert at this. Just so skilled at sucking my dick. I was in heaven. Every moment of her nursing on me was perfect. I smiled, rising towards that explosion of bliss. I would shower her mouth with all that cum. 

Almost there, Nora! I groaned.

She suckled so hard.

Damn, you really want my cum tonight.

She moaned around my dick, clearly so eager for it.

My back arched beneath the pressure of her sucking mouth. She drove me nuts. My dick twitched with the force of her suction. Her tongue stroked around my crown. My nuts clenched. I hit that bursting point.

Fuck! I growled as I came in my wife's mouth. 

I grunted with each blast. I spurted over and over, stars exploding across the ceiling of our bedroom. My dick throbbed and twitched. I unloaded over and over. I flooded her with all the jizz I had in my balls. 

I shuddered on the bed. She gulped down my cum. She swallowed it with such hunger. She loved my cum. I rode the thrill of my orgasm. I hit that peak of bliss. I panted as I fired the last of my cum in my wife's mouth. 

Damn, I groaned. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Ruru

Salty spunk flooded my mouth. I swallowed it down and analyzed it. Like with Mrs. Mathers, I could taste that he was related to Shannon. They were the parents of the first alien I had met. I stored his cum in my body, and set about formulating the genetic code.

He kept firing more and more from his balls as I sequenced him and found just the right way to modify him. It would happen when I rode him. As he fired his cum into my pussy, I would soak the receptive glans of his penis with the gender-swapping material.

He would pass out and change. It would take longer with him than with Shannon and Mrs. Mathers.

Damn, he groaned. That was a curse word. That was incredible, Nora. You are as amazing as ever.

Who was Nora? Was that Mrs. Mathers's first name? I had thought Missus was once her name, but then I learned that Missus at the front was a title that denoted she was a married woman. It was curious there was no such designation for a man if they were single or married. They all were Mister.

I slid my mouth off his cock and rose up him. I grabbed his dick and straddled him. He wasn't going soft thanks to my saliva. I made sure that I put a bit of an aphrodisiac to keep him hard so I could do this. He groaned and opened his eyes. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Stephen Mathers

A woman made of pink jelly straddled me, her hand holding my dick. My heart froze at the sight of her. She rubbed my cock into her pussy lips, sliding up and down. A chill shot through me that did nothing to take away my erection.

What the fuck!? I gasped and shot my hand out, turning on the bedside lamp.

Hi! she said. I'm Ruru, the Futa-Slime! It's so nice to meet you, Mr. Mathers!

Then she impaled her cunt down my dick.

Her hot, silky sheath swallowed my cock. I groaned as she sank more and more of her pussy down my shaft. Her round boobs quivered and pleasure crossed her face. She moaned in delight as she bottomed out on my dick. Her expression was one I had seen before. 

Sh-Shannon! I gasped in shock, staring at my daughter's face made of pink jelly.

I just took on her appearance, she purred, her pussy squeezing around my dick. Ooh, now just enjoy, Mr. Mathers. I'm going to ride you and make you cum! How does that sound?

What the hell is going on? I gasped as she slid her pussy up my cock. God, is this... is this my daughter's pussy?

Of course! this strange Ruru said, her voice sounding almost like Shannon. The timber, not the inflection. That's your daughter's pussy all right!

I shuddered at that. This illicit thrill ran through me. My daughter's forbidden pussy. This was so wrong. I shouldn't enjoy this, but I was. That hot cunt was sliding up and down my cock. It was so close to incest. My cock swelled with pressure.

I stared at those breasts bouncing. Teenage tits. As Shannon had grown older, thoughts of her tits had bubbled through my mind. I had tried not to think about her young breasts. It wasn't right, but now they were heaving above me as her pussy slid up and down my cock. I groaned, grabbing the bed.

I was so confused by how much I enjoyed this. Ruru had come in here and started riding me. I didn't want to cheat on my wife with a surrogate daughter. I had no choice. I should be mad. Should be frightened. Take on my daughter's form? What was she?

A slime... Like the blob? Was she some alien from Outer Space with a pussy that... that... felt so incredible around my cock. I groaned as she rode me. I couldn't help how much I loved this. It was incredible to feel her pussy sliding up and down my dick.

Damn, I groaned, this hot and tight snatch massaging my dick while the face of my daughter twisted in pleasure. 

Ruru enjoyed my cock. She worked her twat up and down my dick, moaning as she did. Pleasure crossed her familiar expression. My nuts tightened while her pussy juices soaked my dick. She was so wet. Her cream spilled over my nuts.

The pressure swelled in my nuts. There was no stopping this explosion of cum that was about to erupt. It was building too fast. I loved this too much. I hurtled towards my orgasm. To a mighty burst of ecstasy that would shower out of me.

Mr. Mathers! Ruru moaned, her cunt devouring my cock over and over again. Ooh, yes, yes, cum in me!

God, am I going to breed an army of alien slimes that will devour the Earth? I gasped.

Ooh, that's funny, she moaned. Her hands slid up my chest. My daughter's fingers stroking me as that hot cunt rode my dick. Of course not. Devour the Earth? I like this planet. I would never, ever, ever harm it! Ooh, I love this dick so much! For a male, it's nice!

Thanks, I groaned. For a male? What did that mean?

Maybe for a human male? Since she was... a slime. God, this was so fucked up, but that pussy just felt so awesome working up and down my dick. She squeezed me hard, holding me with just this wonderful grip. I would have such a big burst of pleasure on her.

I would fire every drop of my cum into her pussy. There was no helping it. She just felt too amazing. Her pussy slammed down my cock, then she slid back up me. I groaned, my face contorting with the delight. She had such tight and juicy pussy. She made me feel just so good. I would have a huge burst of pleasure.

I watched her gelatinous boobs jiggling. She looked just like my sixteen-year-old daughter, and those were Shannon's tits, basically. This was so wild. So wrong. The pressure in my balls swelled towards that bursting point.

Oh, that's good, I moaned, my face twisting in delight. That's real good. Oh, yes, yes, that's amazing. I'm going to cum.

Good, good, she moaned, slamming her pussy down my dick. I'm so happy to give you this gift! Oh, yes, yes, Mr. Mathers!

Her pussy? It was an amazing one. 

Her pussy squeezed tight as she slid back up me. I climbed towards my orgasm. That big burst of cum that would shower her twat with my seed. It would be fantastic to spray this strange alien's pussy with my jizz. I groaned, my orgasm building and building.

She impaled her cunt down me. It was too much for me to handle. I couldn't take any more of this. My back arched. I slammed my fists into the bed as I erupted. My cum pumped into her hot and juicy twat. A look of delight crossed her familiar face.

Yes, yes, yes, Mr. Mathers! she moaned. Her cunt went wild.

Pussy juices gushed out around my cock and soaked my balls as she came on me. She suckled at me. It was fantastic to enjoy. This pleasure rushed through me. Her cunt milked my cock as I spurted more and more of my seed into her.

I growled as my balls emptied into her twat. I had so much cum to pump into her. So much jizz to fire into her snatch. I groaned as it all flooded into her. I hit the peak of my bliss, her cunt wringing my dick dry of all I had.

There you go, Mr. Mathers, she moaned, winking at me.

Yeah, I panted, suddenly feeling so tired. This dizziness swirled down around me. Damn... I...

With the delight of cumming in her pussy sinking on me, I slipped into unconsciousness. It was just amazing to feel this delight. Maybe it was a dream because it was so unreal. Maybe it was... 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Ruru

The changes were underway. I smiled and nodded. It made me wonder what Shannon, Mrs. Mathers, and Bitch were doing in the room. The sounds the three females made were so intriguing. And why was one of them named Bitch?

That was a female of a species known as Dog as well as an insult. But perhaps there were cultural nuances that I was missing out on. I could only learn so much connected directly to their internet. I slid off Mr. Mather's cock, my body digesting his cum for nutrients. I glanced down at him, watching the subtle changes already taking place.

You'll be a beautiful woman when you wake up, I purred and headed for the door. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Shannon Mathers

So a futa-alien named Ruru fell from Outer Space in a falling star, took your form, fucked you and Mom, and made you both into futas? my little sister Morgan asked me, her brassy-brown pigtails spilling about her face. 

Mom, Morgan, and I just had a wild threesome. As I was licking the cum out of my baby sister's fourteen-year-old pussy, Mom was fucking me up the ass with her new girl-dick. This night was insane. I had caught them having sex in the middle of the night while Dad and our brother Kyle slept. Of course, I had to join the fun.

It was more cheating on my girlfriend Raquel. I felt bad about it, but these futa-dicks just were so exciting. I was a lesbian who thought I would never enjoy a dick. A dildo, sure, but a jizz-spurting cock? No way. 

Then I met Ruru the Futa-Slime. Now girl-dicks were the hottest thing in the world. I hoped that my girlfriend would be into them. I had planned on fucking her. Introducing her to the fun. Would she freak out on me? I didn't know.

But... I had to try and seduce her.

So, where is Ruru? asked Morgan. I want to be a futa, too!

She disappeared, I said. I helped Mom to bed and she was gone. I looked around the entire house. I think she wandered outside. Not much I could do about it. Sorry. I feel bad that I lost her.

Darn it! Morgan sighed. So you two can't make me into a futa? 

Sorry, I said. Best Mom and I can do is to fuck you. I grinned. Ever tried anal? I broke in Mom's ass. Want me to break in yours?

While you're riding my cock, sweetie, Mom asked. She stretched out on her back, her auburn bush dripping with cream. Her big mommy-cock thrust up from the folds of her pussy. How does that sound?

Like you want to enjoy my young pussy again, Mommy! Morgan said. She grinned. I'm all for it!

She jumped onto Mom, straddling her lap. My sister grabbed that big and thick clit-dick and lifted it, aiming it right for her pussy. My sister didn't shave like I did, so instead she had a cute, trimmed bush. She pressed her twat down on Mom's cock, her cuntlips sliding over that thick cock. I shuddered at the sight, my eyes fixed on my sister's tush.

Her brown asshole winked out between her butt-cheeks. 

My dick throbbed as Morgan whimpered. She swallowed all of our mother's cock, taking every inch of it. I moved into position, pressing my clit-dick into her butt-crack. I slid it up and down her crevice, savoring her buns around my girl-cock. I pressed my entire cock into that delight and fucked them up and down her.

Mmm, I'm hot-dogging you, sis, I purred.

You're what? Mom asked.

She's fucking my butt-crack with her cock like it's a hot dog in a bun, Mom, Morgan said.

How do you know what that is? Mom asked. Shannon's bad enough, but you're so cute and innocent, Morgan.

God, I'm fourteen, Mom. I might have been a virgin, but that didn't mean I never heard about this stuff. She threw a look over her shoulder and purred, Now, are you going to butt-fuck me, Shannon, or what?

Mmm, if you insist, I purred and drew back my cock. I slid down her crack, my tip nuzzling through her crevice until I found her asshole. Is this what you want? I asked, drilling into her anal ring.

Yes! she moaned as her sphincter widened and widened. Ooh, ooh, this is so naughty. I can't believe that I'm doing this. That this is really happening.

It is, I told her, winking at her. 

Her asshole spread over the crown of my clit-dick. I savored that tight, velvety ring devouring my tip. I popped into her bowels and sank into her delight. I loved every second of going deeper and deeper into her bowels. She groaned, her flesh squeezing about me.

It was fantastic to feel as I ventured further and further into her bowels. I loved this sensation. Her bowels were amazing. They squeezed about me in this exciting way. She gripped me with that hot sheath. I loved every moment of it.

I pumped away at her. I thrust to the hilt in her bowels, feeling Mom's cock in her pussy. We were both stretching her out. My baby sister squealed in delight, her back arching. She pressed her boobs into my back, rubbing against me.

Yes, yes, yes, she squealed. Two futa-dicks are in me. This is so amazing. Woohoo!

I rolled my eyes as she slid her asshole up my dick. I gasped as she lifted her body in such a way she was sliding up both Mom's and my cock. She impaled down our shafts, swallowing our girl-rod. The velvety heat melted down to my asshole.

Mom moaned. I knew why, too. This was such a wondrous delight to have my sister's asshole working up and down my dick. Mom must be in heaven having that silky pussy massaging her girl-cock. My ovaries drank this in, swelling with the pressure.

So good, whimpered Morgan. Yes, yes, this is so good.

Incest is the best! I moaned, my baby sister's bowels massaging my dick. Ooh, that's awesome. Keep doing that to me! Ride my cock.

I just had to kneel here and enjoy her hole sliding up and down my dick. I loved the feeling of her massaging me, Mom's cock separated from mine by just a bit of flesh. It was so hot feeling her throbbing through my sister's flesh.

Morgan worked her flesh faster and faster up and down my cock. That naughty cutie's pigtails swayed as she did that. I grabbed them, holding them as reins as my dick throbbed in her asshole's sliding grip.

Giddy up, little cowgirl! I moaned. Ride us hard!

Yes, yes, yes, my baby sister moaned as her asshole slid up my dick. That's so hot.

Right? I asked, her bowels massaging my dick. I am going to have such a huge eruption. Just cum so hard. I'm going to fire all that cum into your asshole.

And I'm going to flood my little cowgirl's pussy, Mom moaned. Oh, sweetie, that pussy feels amazing working up and down my cock. Just a delight. You two are amazing. I love it so much.

Good! Morgan moaned.

I gripped her pigtails, holding her reins, as she rode us faster and faster. My pussy clenched, the heat her asshole created in my cock flowing down into my twat. My ovaries drank it in, my cum approaching a boil.

I couldn't wait to cum in my sister's asshole. My boobs bounced and jiggled. Her asshole clenched about my dick. It was amazing to feel. I loved it so much. The heat swept through my body. A big smile spread on my lips. 

God, I am going to cum in this little cowgirl's asshole, Mom! I moaned.

I know! Mom panted. Ooh, my dick is going to erupt. I'm going to flood her pretty, little pussy with all my mommy-cum!

Yes, yes, yes! my little sister moaned. That's what I want. Cum in me!

She slammed her asshole down my dick and her pussy down Mom's cock. Her tight, hot hole spasmed around me. I gasped as her velvety flesh went wild. I gripped her pigtails as she tossed her head, cumming hard.

Her flesh suckled at me. I groaned as that hot flesh rippled about me. My head threw back, my boobs bouncing and heaving. This was incredible to enjoy. I loved every moment of my sister's asshole writhing around me.

Cum in me! she squealed. Please, please, cum in my holes, Mommy! Shannon!

I am, sweetie! Mom groaned. Oh, yes, yes, I am!

The idea that my mother was flooding my little sister's cunt with her incestuous cum, combined with my sister's asshole spasming around me, sent me over the edge. My entire body bucked as my ovaries exploded.

My cum erupted into her asshole. I fired blast after blast of jizz, my pussy spasming. The heat rushed through me. Stars danced before my eyes. My head tossed from side to side as I savored this delight. It rushed through me as I spurted over and over again.

My pussy spilled cream down my thighs. Two different pleasures rushed through my body. Two different delights. They were both amazing. I loved it so much. I savored every second of spurting into her asshole. It was amazing.

Yes, yes, yes! I gasped. Oh, that's so good. Just suckle on my dick with that tight ass. I shook her pigtails. Milk me dry, little cowgirl!

Yee-haw! she moaned in that enthusiastic way of hers.

I groaned as I fired the last of my cum into her bowels. I loved that so much. I trembled through my bliss, so glad I could just pump my little sister's asshole full of all the jizz in the world. I panted, my lust shivering through me.

Wow, that looked so much fun, a new voice said.

I squeaked in shock. I looked over and... Delight burst through me. Ruru!

Ruru the Futa-Slime stood there, her pink, hairless body looking just like me only made out of translucent gel. She had my round breasts and my big futa-dick and cute expression on her face. My dick twitched in my sister's asshole as I stared at the alien.

And did you just speak English? I gasped. You didn't know any of it before.

Holy shit, that's her? Morgan asked, looking past me, her asshole clenching down on my dick. She's hot. Wow, she does look like you, Shannon. You know, you could pull off the bald look.

And get rid of my red hair? I gasped. I'm a true redhead. We're the rarest in the world. It would be a crime.

I'm a redhead, too, Morgan huffed.

Your hair is browner, I said. Mom is more of a redhead than you are.

Mom, Morgan gasped. Shannon's being mean to me after I let her fuck me in the ass!

Sweetie, don't be mean to your sister, Mom said. She's almost a redhead. Like an honorary one.

You, too, Mom? Morgan gasped. That's not fair. Everyone's picking on me, Ruru. You think I'm a redhead, don't you? 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Ruru

I wasn't sure how to answer Bitch. It was clear that she was the youngest of the three, the little sister. I understood human ages much better now that I had gone on their internet and explored so much of their language and data. 

Your hair is browner than theirs, I said carefully. I'm sorry, Bitch, but

Bitch? she gasped and ripped her pussy and asshole off Mrs. Mathers and Shannon's girl-dicks. Why the heck did you call me bitch, Ruru? That's so mean.

I blinked, taken aback. I... I'm sorry. I slithered beneath the couch while you and Biteme were playing your

Shannon burst into giggles then into full laughter. 

Uh... I was so confused. These aliens were strange. I don't know what's funny, but I heard Biteme repeatedly use the word bitch. I thought that was your name.

Biteme? Morgan snorted. I was telling him to bite me. To eff off. I was mad at him. And he was calling me bitch for the same reason.

But you didn't get mad when he called you that word, but when I used it...

Because Kyle, that's Biteme's nameShannon laughed even louder in the background, falling in the bed, her face turning redreal name, is my brother. He can rib me. It's fine. You... You're a stranger. I'm Morgan, by the way.

I'm so sorry, Morgan, I said, feeling so ashamed.

You can make me a futa as an apology, Morgan said. She had small breasts and a down of fur on her pussy, not as thick as Mrs. Mathers had. Then all is forgiven.

I can do that, I said with a smile. I just have to sample your genetic material.

She has to go down on your pussy, which is full of a load of my mom's cum, lucky you. Shannon winked a green eye at me. 

I winked back, not sure what that meant.

Cool, Morgan said. She sank on her bed and spared her legs wide. Her mother's cum leaked out of her. I had learned that incestuous relationships were illegal on this world so that this made it quite the taboo act. That made me want to lick up the cum even more.

Okay, but first, how are you suddenly speaking English? Shannon asked. You could barely say my name before you vanished.

Oh, I plugged into the internet through the HDMI port on the back of your Samsung Smart TV in the living room, I said proudly. Since the language data was stored in a machine language, I was able to decipher it and how to speak English. It is very foreign to me with so many different sounds but none of the tonal inflections of my native tongue. Still, this form of yours, Shannon, facilitates making these noises with ease now that I understand them. There are entire databases of information on the hundreds of different phonemes, bits of sound, you humans can make by varying the openness of your mouth and throat, the placement of your tongue, and the vibration of your vocal cords.

Oh, Shannon said. Just plugged into the internet through an HDMI port. Yeah, that is so simple.

I'm very good with computers, I said. Now... Do you want me to lick your pussy? I have some ideas for things I can do. I found this one thing on the internet that seems like futa-slimes have visited your world before. I love it. It's called Hentai.

Hen... what? Mrs. Mathers asked.

Are you going to molest us with tentacles? Morgan asked. Ooh, ooh, tentacle sex!

I am, I said. You know about Hentai. That's wonderful. I formed four tentacles at my sides and thrust them out at Shannon and Mrs. Mathers.

Two I formed into tentacle-pussies and slammed them down their girl-dicks. They both gasped as I tasted Morgan's tangy pussy cream on her mother's dick and her sour asshole on Shannon's. I shuddered at that dirty delight as I fucked my extra pussies up and down their thick shafts. 

The two futas moaned in delight, their backs arching while my other tentacles formed into thick cocks. I slammed them into their pussies, feeling their silky cunts engulfing my tentacle-dicks. Pleasure rushed through my body. Four times the delight as I fucked them with my appendages.

Holy shit, gasped Shannon. Oh, this tentacle-pussy is amazing... And the tentacle-cock... Fuck, yes!

Oh, that's so good, Ruru, moaned Mrs. Mathers. This is amazing!

As I fucked their cocks and pussies with my tentacles, I fell to my knees before the cute Morgan. She had small breasts and her hair done up in a style called pigtails that were very adorable. Her cunt dripped with her mother's futa-cum.

I knew the code of Mrs. Mathers's DNA, so I could easily filter that out as I leaned my face in. Pleasure rippled through my body as my tentacle-pussies fucked the two girl-cocks and my tentacle-dicks plunged in and out of their tight cunts. The quadruple stimulation all shot down to my nethers, building the pressure there.

The scent of Morgan's tangy pussy juices filled my nose mixed with that salty cum. I smacked my lips then buried my face into her snatch. Her curls rubbed on my face, feeling so ticklish on my gelatinous flesh. My tongue flicked up her pussy.

I shuddered as I gathered up the exciting mix of flavors. They melted across my tongue while my receptors went to work. I had a new DNA strand to encode. I worked on that as I licked her again and again.

Ooh, yes, yes, Ruru, moaned Morgan. That's so good. You have such a wonderful tongue. I love it so much.

I was so glad that she loved it. I caressed her with my hungry tongue. I licked at her with rapture. She moaned, her back arching and her thighs squeezing about my squishy head. I fucked my tentacle-cocks in and out of those delicious cunts while my tentacle-pussies worked up and down those thick futa-dicks. The pleasure was so amazing.

Damn, these tentacles, Shannon gasped, her pussy clamping down on my naughty appendage. Her dick throbbed in my tentacle-cunt's tight grip. They're fucking amazing!

They are, moaned Mrs. Mathers. Her large breasts jiggled. Oh, my god. I'm being fucked in two different ways.

I can't wait until I'm a futa, squealed Morgan. She shook her head from side to side. She whimpered, her face twisting in delight. Ooh, she's licking on me with such hunger.

You have such a yummy pussy, I moaned, so much pleasure coursing up my tentacles. My futa-dick throbbed, an ache building at the tip while my tongue plunged into Morgan's cunt.

I scooped out more of her cum. I licked and lapped up all that wonderful mommy-jizz from her pussy. It was just so good. I fluttered my tongue up and down her snatch. I scooped out all that spunk from her twat. 

Every time I plunged into her cunt with my tongue, my tentacle-cocks fucked those amazing pussies. I buried deep into them while my tentacle-twats worked up and down those thick shafts, sucking at them. The silky stimulations surged through me.

It was just such an amazing delight.

I thrust my tongue deeper into Morgan's pussy to find more and more of the cum. It was just so yummy. I had to get it all. My tongue stretched longer than Shannon's to venture to all the way into Morgan. I licked at her cervix, gathering up the last of the spunk.

Oh, my god, her tongue is so huge, Morgan groaned. Wow, she's so deep in me, caressing me. This is awesome.

My tongue thickened in her pussy. There was no more jizz to lick out, so... I stretched her pussy as it grew thicker and thicker, making my tongue into another cock. I fucked it in and out of her. She gasped out in delight, her twat clamping down on my tongue-dick.

I was fucking all three of their pussies now, thrusting my cocks in and out of their cunts. I could still taste the tangy flavor of Morgan's twat. She soaked my tongue-dick with her passion. She moaned, her small breasts jiggling.

She's fucking me with her tongue! squealed Morgan. Oh, my god, it's like she's got a cock in me! Ooh, this is so hot.

So fucking hot, moaned Shannon, her pussy clamping down on my tentacle-cock. Her snatch massaged my shaft. 

All their snatches did. They were building me towards my orgasm. My real clit-dick throbbed and twitched, my pussy aching to be filled. I fucked them faster and faster. I plunged to the hilt in all their twats, massaging them.

You're so amazing! moaned Mrs. Mathers, her big boobs heaving. Fuck my cock and my pussy! This is so wild. Oh, I'm such a wicked wife, but... but... I'm going to have such a big orgasm.

Me, too, Mommy! Morgan moaned, clamping her pussy down on my tongue-dick.

Shannon nodded, her face twisting in delight, my tentacle-snatch slamming down her girl-cock then sliding back up her shaft. I was so close to cumming. Three cocks fucking three pussies was sending me over the edge into ecstasy. 

Yes, yes, yes, Shannon gasped. I'm... I'm... Cumming!

Her futa-dick unloaded into my tentacle-pussy, flooding me with all her cum. At the same time, her pussy writhed around my tentacle-cock. The sucking delight was in credible. My tongue-dick buried into Morgan's pussy.

Oh, that's it! the cutie gasped, her pigtails flying.

Her cunt writhed around my tongue-cock, suckling at me. More pleasure shot through me, the pressure building at the tip of my clit-dick. Mrs. Mathers shuddered, her big boobs slapping together. Then she squealed.

Her futa-dick erupted and cunt spasmed around my tentacle cock. It was so awesome to feel her pussy suckling at me. All three snatches nursed at all three of my shafts. The pleasure surged to the bursting point in me.

I erupted.

Cum fired out of four of my dicks. I spurted jizz from my clit-cock and sprayed all of their pussies with my spunk. They squealed in delight as I flooded their alien-twats with all my passion. My cunts convulsed, two of them sucking about erupting shafts.

This is fantastic! Mrs. Mathers moaned. Oh, flood my pussy, Ruru. Yes, yes, I love this so much!

Drench my cunt, Ruru! Shannon gasped, her clit-cock flooding my tentacle-pussy.

Morgan's twat rippled around my tongue-cock. She milked out the cum spurting into her depths. Stars danced before my eyes as I enjoyed this delight. It was amazing to pump them full of my cum. I was having so much fun.

Shannon collapsed on the bed, her body trembling. I milked out the last of her girl-cum while her pussy rippled around my tentacle-cock. Mrs. Mathers trembled, spurting a last time into my tentacle-twat. She soaked me with them.

Morgan trembled as she milked my tongue-dick dry. 

I hit the peak of my orgasm and quivered. For a moment, I lost control of my shape. I melted into a quivering puddle of rapture. It was so hot. My mind blazed with all this ecstasy. My entire body quivered with delight. 

That was fucking awesome, Shannon moaned. God, I am tired.

I want to be a futa, Morgan moaned.  

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Morgan Mathers

I quivered in excitement as Ruru rose before me. She reformed into the image of my sister. Ruru grew round breasts and shapely hips. No hair which made her face elfin and cute. Her clit thrust out before her as this big dick. I quivered, so eager to suck it.

Mmm, just sit on my face while you drink that cum, Mom said, lying on her back, her head at the edge. Let me drink that futa-slime-cum out of your cunt.

Sure, Mom, I said and threw my leg over her head. I planted my furry muff on her face.

Mom licked with hunger. She feasted on my pussy and all that cum in me. I squirmed on her as Ruru moved before me. The futa-slime smiled as she grabbed my pigtails. She pulled on them, bringing my head down to her futa-dick.

I quivered on Mom's face, her tongue swirling around in my cunt, and opened my mouth wide. I swallowed Ruru's pink, gelatinous cock. I slid my lips over it and suckled on her, loving the sweet flavor that came out of her.

Oh, Ruru, I love how your cum is so sweet, moaned Mom. So different from our jizz.

I like your salty jizz, Ruru groaned.

Both are amazing, my big sister said. Ooh, Mommy, I am going to ride the fuck out of your girl-cock.

Go for it, sweetie. 

I could feel my sister moving behind me. Then Mom moaned and she groaned. I heard the wet sound of a pussy swallowing a dick. That incestuous sound sent a shiver through my body. I moaned harder on the dick in my mouth.

Ruru smiled down at me with my sister's face as I bobbed my head. I slid my lips up and down her girl-cock, loving the feeling of her in my mouth. She groaned as I did that, her face twisting in delight as I blew her.

I moaned myself, Mom's tongue scooping futa-jizz out of my snatch. The heat shot through me. It was so delicious to enjoy this. My hips wiggled back and forth, grinding my twat on her mouth, savoring the pleasure building in me as I loved Ruru's dick.

Ooh, that's it, Mom, eat that pussy! my sister moaned, the wet sound of her pussy sliding up and down Mom's futa-dick mixing with the slap of her cock into Mom's belly. 

It was hot to hear that rhythmic smack as I ground my cunt on Mom's mouth. Her tongue licked and lapped at my slit. She stroked through my folds. I groaned around Ruru's clit-dick, loving that sweet pussy precum leaking out of her cock.

I suckled hard, bobbing my head as I ground my twat on my mother's mouth. God, it was hot having her feast on me. She licked and lapped with such hunger on my naughty twat, licking out Ruru's sweet spunk. This was so hot. 

Yes, yes, yes, Shannon gasped, her cock slapping into Mom's belly. I love your big dick!

I did, too.

Yes, yes, ride me, moaned Mom into my twat.

Her tongue thrust into me, scooping out the cum. She made me feel so good. I loved how she licked and lapped at me. She was driving me nuts. I would have such a big orgasm on her. Just burst in delight on her mouth.

She swirled about in my cunt. She caressed my inner pussy walls and drew out more of Ruru's cum. My orgasm swelled as I nursed on Ruru's cock. I stared up at her pink, gelatinous breasts. The futa-slime moaned her delight.

Morgan, that's so good, she purred, holding lightly to my pigtails. You're such a good cocksucker.

I winked at her. 

The pleasure built and built in my pussy as Mom worked her tongue through my snatch. She was making me feel amazing. I rose closer and closer to cumming. Her tongue flicked to my clit. She drummed on my bud.

I whimpered, pleasure swelling in me. Sparks burst through me, feeding that orgasm that built. Drool ran down my chin as I loved Ruru's cock. Her sweet precum soaked my tongue. I would have just such a huge burst of pleasure.

I was so eager for it. I would have such a huge climax on her tongue and drown her in my cream. I whimpered, my pussy growing hotter and hotter. Shannon moaned behind me, working her cunt up and down Mom's futa-dick. 

Yes, yes, yes, Shannon moaned. Ooh, you have got to cum on Mom's mouth.

She flicked her tongue to my clit. Sparks burst. I squealed in delight.

I exploded on Mom's mouth. My pussy writhed and spasmed around her as I suckled hard on Ruru's cock. The pleasure rushed through me. This wonderful heat swept through my body. I shuddered, my cunt spasming. I drenched Mom.

Oh, that's it, sweetie, Mom groaned into my cunt. Drench my mouth with all that wonderful cream.

Mom must have been fortunate to drink down all that wonderful cream gushing out of my spasming cunt. Then my sister gasped, her cock slapping into Mom's belly. Shannon squealed in delight.

Fuck, yes! she gasped.

A splash of cum spurted on my ass, painting across both my butt-cheeks as my sister came. I quivered, grinding my cunt on Mom's mouth as I suckled hard on Ruru's dick. I stared up at the slime, her face twisting in delight.

Yes! gasped Mom into my cunt.

Flood my pussy with your cum, Mommy, as I paint those big tits with my jizz! Shannon howled. Ooh, I love having your mommy-jizz flood my cunt!

I did, too.

Oh, Morgan! gasped the naughty Ruru. Yes, yes, that's it. So good!

Her cock erupted in my mouth. I gulped down her sweet cum. The futa-slime's seed was so delicious. I reveled in that delight gushing out of her and flooding my mouth. I swallowed it down, stars bursting across my vision. The heat swept through me, my orgasm intensifying as I squirmed on my mother's mouth. 

The futa-slime's delight spurted against the back of my throat. I gulped down all her sweet passion. I swallowed it with hunger, the jizz pouring down on my throat. I would become a futa. I was so eager for it. 

Yes, yes, yes, she moaned as she flooded my mouth. Ooh, Morgan.

Mom! gasped Shannon.

Mom licked at my pussy, my orgasm surging through me. It was so powerful. I loved every moment of it. I savored the rapture peaking in my mind as I suckled out all of Ruru's wonderful, futa-making jizz. It soaked into my stomach and...

The late hour really hit me.

I slid my mouth off her dick and gasped, Wow, I feel... woozy and...

I fell off Mom's face, my head landing on one of my stuffed animals. I snuggled against it, feeling so good, my belly full of all that yummy cum. I groaned and fell into wonderful dreams of being a dickgirl cutie with a huge cock. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Nora Mathers

Oh, my, she's just out, I said, staring at my daughter curled up into a ball. Her tangy pussy juices soaked my mouth.

Yes, she is, Shannon said. Ooh, that was fun.

I nodded, her cum coating my tits and face. I licked it then gasped as Ruru just sort of fell on me. She covered my face and tits in her gelatinous body. I could feel her sucking up all the cum on me. I quivered as she did that. 

Ooh, that's yummy, Ruru said and rose, the impression of my tits and face in her stomach and boobs. They slowly reformed.

And I need to get some sleep before I have to wake up, I groaned. I have work in the morning.

Mmm, a futa-nurse, Shannon said and climbed off my cock. Fine, fine, go to bed, Mom.

I shuddered as my dick popped out and flopped on my belly. My daughter jumped off the bed, grabbed Ruru's hand, and pulled the slime out of here.

I groaned and rolled up, my clit-dick slowly dwindling. That was good. I didn't want my husband to find out. I yawned as I left Morgan snuggled up to her stuffed monkey, a blue animal she was using as a pillow. I headed down the hall to my bedroom. 

My husband was asleep on his side, oblivious to it all. I crept to the bed, sipped beneath the covers, the moment my head hit the pillow, sleep fell on me. In moments, I was lost to my dreams. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Shannon Mathers

I pulled Ruru to my bed, fell down beside her and, snuggled up to her. She was so warm and soft. She held me as she sort of dissolved into a warm and squishy pillow. Like hugging a waterbed. I rested my head on her.

Tomorrow, I would have a big surprise for my girlfriend.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Kyle Mathers

It was quiet in the house when I woke up. I pulled on a pair of sweatpants and headed to the bathroom. After draining the lizard, I headed downstairs for my grapefruit breakfast. Mom wasn't up. Nor was dad. The coffee-maker wasn't going.

It was 6 AM. I thought Mom would be at least up. She had to work today, or so I thought. I guess everyone was up late or something. 

I was just fishing out the grapefruit piece wrapped in cellophane when the doorbell rang. I frowned and set it on the counter. Who the fuck was knocking on the door this early in the morning? I padded through the house, yawning.

I peered through the peephole and saw a woman in a suit on the porch. I frowned and opened the door to a black-haired woman who wore her hair in a bun and was wearing a charcoal pantsuit and blazer. She flashed her ID before me.

Lieutenant Seabrook with the USSF, she said, closing her badge right away. I was just wondering if you've noticed anything strange happening last night or this morning? 

To be continued...
