A Friend in Need  Part 2

	When we woke up, it was just Louise and I in the bed. It seems that Jane had 
woke up earlier and had gotten up. Louise snuggled up really close to me and gave me a 
huge hug. I turned my head and kissed her lips lightly. I could still taste Janes sex on 
Louises face. 
	Are you going to tell me what happened between the two of you or are you going 
to make me use my imagination? I asked her.
	When you left, Jane and I broke out a couple of beer. We started talking about 
nothing really. I was a little nervous about how to proceed. I know you and I had talked 
about having her stay with us. I wasnt sure how to tell her that she was welcome to live 
with us and to share our bed.
	So I started by asking how her job search was going. She said she had some 
interviews setup for early next week. And she said she was also looking for an apartment. 
She didnt want to seem like she was imposing on us. I told her not to be silly. We 
enjoyed having her.
	I saw the double entrendre even if Louise didnt. 
	Louise continued, Thats when I asked her if she really wanted to get her own 
place. We have lots of room. Jane said she was kind of ashamed about what happened the 
previous evening and morning. As much as she enjoyed the sex, she didnt think it was 
right to potentially come between two people who love each other as much as you and I 
do, Ken.
	I went over to the couch and sat next to her. I put my arm around her and gave 
her as squeeze. I told her that you and I are very much in love. And I told her that we 
both love her. This is when I told her what we had talked about before you went for your 
ride.
	What happened next took me by surprise Louise said. I leaned over and kissed 
her cheek. When I had done that, Jane turned and looked at me. Then she kissed me on 
the lips. Very gently. Just a soft, gentle, brushing kiss. When she pulled back, we just 
looked at each other. Then we leaned in and kissed again. This time, I opened my lips and 
licked her lips. Just like I do to you. She responded by opening her lips as well and the 
next thing you know, Jane and I are playing tonsil hockey, as you like to call it.
	As we continued, I felt Janes hand move to my breast. She started caressing it 
through my shirt and bra. I felt myself getting excited. I returned the favour, lightly 
caressing her breasts. I never thought I would ever do that. I liked feeling Janes nipples 
get hard against my hand. I untucked her shirt and ran my hand underneath to feel her tits 
through her bra. When I did this, I felt Jane undoing the buttons on my blouse. I pulled 
back so she could get them all undone. Then she removed my blouse. I then reached over 
and lifted her shirt over her head. So, now we were sitting there in just our bras.
	Jane looked at me and kissed my neck. Then she kissed the top of my chest. All I 
could do was moan and pull her closer. She reached behind me and undid my bra. She 
took it off me and then gently pulled on my nipples. You know how much I like it when 
you do that, dont you Ken?
	Yes, I do I replied. By now my cock was rock hard. Louise had felt it get 
excited against her leg and had reached down and started stroking me.
	Louise continued her story.  I just had to get Janes bra off as well. I pushed her 
away. Then I took her in my arms and kissed her again. While I did that, I reached behind 
her and undid her bra. I removed it from her and then pushed her back on the couch. She 
is so beautiful, Ken. I leaned down and kissed her belly. Then I worked my way up so I 
could suckle on her tits. She just pulled me closer to her.
	I never thought I would want to have sex with a woman. You know how many 
times I have told you that lesbian sex was not something I ever wanted to experience. But 
here I was, getting felt up by and feeling up Jane. 
	It was about this time that I decided that the couch was not really the best place 
to be doing this. When I sat up, Jane had a look of fear as if we were going to quit and 
that I would run her out of town on a rail. She looked relieved when I held my hand out 
to her and led her to the bed room. We stood and held each other. We kissed deeply. We 
rubbed our tits against each other. That felt so good. To feel her flesh and nipples rubbing 
against mine was one of the most exciting things I have felt. We ran our hands up and 
down our backs. She grabbed my bum and pulled me close to her. We stepped back and 
removed the rest of our clothing.
	Then we got into bed. She kissed me and I kissed her back. Louise continued 
while still stroking my cock. I had rolled over onto my side to make it easier for her to do 
this. I also snaked a hand out and started caressing her cunt. It was soaking. I was easily 
able to put two fingers into her tight hole and lightly caress her G-spot.
	Jane moved down to kiss my neck and she started stroking my pussy. I couldnt 
help myself. I just opened my legs even wider. Jane moved down my chest and licked my 
nipples. I was in heaven with her touch. She stuck a finger in me and then two. She was 
so skillful. I asked her how she knew so much about making another woman feel so good. 
Jane just said she practiced a lot on her self and she was just doing to me what she liked 
doing to herself. Jane came up and kissed my cheek. Then she took her fingers out of me 
and offered them to me to lick off. I know I dont lick you fingers but I felt like I had no 
choice with Jane. So I licked my juices off her fingers. Then Jane started back down my 
body. She worked her way down slowly, kissing my tits and licking my belly, then my 
pelvis and the top of my mound. Then Jane started to tease my by licking my thighs. She 
worked up to the joint on my left leg and then did the same to my right leg. Then she 
lightly kissed my pussy. She spread my pussy lips and then licked me from top to bottom. 
I never felt anything like it. I know, Ken, that you like to eat my pussy but Jane really 
knew where to lick me.
	By now, Jane had twisted herself around so that she was kneeling over me. I 
looked up and saw her pussy. Now I know why you like hairless pussies. Her cunt was so 
beautiful. I stuck a finger out and slowly stroked her sex. She moaned into my pussy 
when I did this. Her moan felt so good down there. I slowly reached up with both hands 
and put them on her hips.
	I was still unsure if I was going to go through with this. But I love her so much 
and she was showing me so much love by sucking on my for a second time that I had to 
try. I pulled her pussy down onto my face and started licking her. I slowly ran my tongue 
up and down her lips. They were so wet. And I was surprised by the fact I like her taste. I 
started to lick her more. I stuck my tongue into her and tried to reach her G-spot. When I 
couldnt I started to suck on her clit. That really made her moan. Then she stuck her 
fingers in me again and started rubbing my G-spot. In and out. God, her fingers in me and 
her tongue on my pussy. I was so close to cumming it wasnt even funny. Then I put 2 
then 3 fingers into her cunt. God, this talking is making me hornier. Ken, I need you to 
fuck me. I need to feel you in me.
	Only if you continue the story while I fuck you I responded.
	Yes, just put your cock in me. I was sucking her clit and finger fucking her at the 
same time. Oh, Ken you feel so good. We were doing the same things to each other. She 
sucked my clit and finger fucked me. And I was sucking her. Oh, Ken fuck meeee. Really 
soon, we were cumming on each others faces. It was a wonderful cum, Ken. I love here 
so much. And I love you, too!
	Unknown to the two of us, Jane had been standing at the door with her robe open 
watching and listening to us. It wasnt until Louise had finished her story that Jane came 
into the room, removed her robe and then lowered herself onto Louises face. Jane was 
able to position herself so that both Louise and I could suck her pussy while Louise and I 
fucked. It did not take long for Jane to cum like this. Between me sucking and licking her 
clit and Louise tongue fucking her hole, Jane lit off like a roman candle. Oh my God, 
that is soooooooo good. Fuckkkkking hhhheeeeeeeeellllllllllllll. Arghhh 
	Janes orgasm was the cue for me to start pumping harder into my wife. Jane 
moved off of Louises face and lay beside us while I continued to move in and out of my 
wife. Fuck, that feels so good. Damn, Ken fuck me Louise exhorted. She pulled her 
knees up so they rested on her shoulders. She was wide open to me as I started to grind in 
circles on her pubic region. Ugghhh, God, fuck shit fuck me. Ooooohhhhhhhh . Im 
cummminnggg Ugghhh Louise began to cum. Her body was wracked with pleasure 
spasms. That set off my own orgasm. My cock swelled up and I started to pour my seed 
into her willing receptacle of lust. I gave 4 hard, solid spurts before finally slowing down 
to a dribble.
	When my cock finally softened, I pulled out of Louise and lay between my two 
sexy lovers. We rested for a bit and then got on with our day.
