Their coffee replenished, Viggo looked curiously at Kate, waiting for whatever it was she wanted to ask him. He felt he might know what it might be, but the question nevertheless surprised him when it came.

"So, what happened to you and Orlando?"

What happened to him and Orlando? What a good question. He didn't know. There had been a time when he'd thought they'd spend the rest of their lives together. When he thought he had finally found his home, his balance, the place where he belonged. He now knew that he had, for he had been restless and drifting ever since, without Orlando. But what had happened?

"To be honest -" again, the shared smile. Almost strangers being brutally honest with one another, for reasons slightly beyond him, but refreshing nevertheless. Yes, this was a girl he could like - "I don't know, Kate. Nothing. Too much. On my part, too much fear of a negative reply to that one, to that all important question. Not wanting to hold Orlando back. Hollywood is cruel to couples that don't fit into its rules. And Orlando so wanted to shine. Could shine so well... . I did not want him to come to regret - me. Never that. To feel like I had become his cage. He needed to fly. He had, he has, the wings for it. So I let him fly. And how he is flying... ." He paused and shook his head. "That's not the answer you were expecting, is it?"

Kate shook her head. "Not quite, no. It's a good one, though. An honest one."

"Yeah," he laughed, bitterly. "Seems I can be honest and unafraid now, when it’s all too late. And with you - knowing you understand, knowing you love him. And I mean that in the best possible way. Like I said, I am genuinely glad he has found you - and you have found him. I want him to be happy. That's what counts. More than anything."

"Viggo, I sincerely wish Orlando could’ve been here right now to hear that. To know how much you love him. Still."

Viggo looked down. "I do, don't I? Sorry for being so ... I want you to know I respect - you and Orlando. I'll not do anything to jeopardise that. I am no threat to you. You know? I mean, I ... ." He was babbling, and he knew it. So he stopped, embarrassed.

Why of all things had he just told Kate that? What the hell must she think of him now? An old freak that lusted after her boyfriend. Joy. And to think he had thought she might like him. Well, she was bound to not do so anymore, now. He sighed.

"Sorry, Kate. I think I'll go now."

He was surprised when she put her hand over his, stopping him. And even more surprised by the firm tone of her reply: "Like hell you are! You can't just say something like that and then go away!"

She shook her head and went on in a gentler tone. "Sit down, please, Viggo. Sit down and trust me, okay? There's nothing you can say right now that can offend me."

He sat down and cautiously looked her in the eye. She seemed sincere, so he relaxed a bit.

"There isn't? Why?"

She shook her head, then leaned forward and took his hand again, looking intently in his eyes. "No, there isn't. But you need to be completely honest with me now. Please, Viggo. Please. Don't hold back. Not on my account. I need you to be honest. Can you do that? Can you trust me with this?"

He nodded, cautiously, deciding to trust her. Hell, he'd said this much and she was still talking to him and being friendly. Why not?

"Yes." He took a deep breath. "Yes, I can. I will be. For you Kate, I will be."

"Good." She paused and it seemed to him that she was carefully selecting her words. "Okay. Here is my question for you, Viggo: Do you still love Orlando?"

Viggo sighed. He had been expecting this. He almost considered lying, but decided against it. He had promised to be honest, and it was not as if she didn't know already, anyway. ‘So here goes nothing,’ he thought.

"Yes. More than anything. I love Orlando, Kate. He became my home, my balance, my everything. He took my heart with him when he left, and he still has it. Yes, I fucking love him, Kate. I never said the words before, never to him, but they are true. I love your boyfriend - I'm sorry."

His confession over, Viggo looked down and closed his eyes. Now she knew. Time for her to leave him sitting here, then.

But Kate did something he really didn't expect. She squeezed his hand, and he heard the chair squeak as she leaned back. But her words shocked him into looking up at her, startled. For she said, in a satisfied voice: "Oh thank god. Good. Good. No, fucking fantastic. Viggo. Thank you!"

All right. He was completely confused, now. And he must have looked it, too, for after a moment of what could only be called gloating Kate leaned forward again and looked him in the eyes: "Here is my confession now, Viggo. My truth: There is nothing sexual at all between me and Orlando. We are good friends, yes, but nothing more. I am his beard."

"His beard?"

‘His beard? Kate was his beard? Not his girlfriend? Orlando was not with Kate? Orlando was with ... a guy?’ Viggo felt his heart break all over again. He grimaced in pain.

Kate must have seen it, for she quickly put his hand on his again. "No! No, Viggo, not like that! There's no one else. What I meant is that Orlando and I only pretend to be involved with each other. It suits us both. But there's no one else Orlando loves. Or, yes there is, but there's no one he is seeing or involved with right now. No one in his life right now. Only in his dreams."

‘Why was she telling him all this? Orlando was single but yet not? There was someone he loved but no one he was seeing? Alone but taken? Why was she telling him all this?’

Viggo felt his heart stutter, then speed up to about twice its previous pace. He could only think of one reason why Kate might be telling him all this, for she did not strike him as an intentionally cruel woman. Still ... dare he hope?

"Kate?" he asked in an embarrassingly small and insecure voice.

Kate took a deep breath and met his hopeful gaze squarely: "Viggo, Orlando loves you. Desperately. Still. Absolutely. Beyond all reason. He loves you. No one else. Only you."

Viggo thought he must be dreaming. Then he smiled. Then he grinned. Orlando loved him. Orlando loved him! Orlando fucking loved him!!

Kate grinned back, glad to see his delight. This might work out, after all, she thought. Thank god.

"Why are you telling me this, though, Kate?"

"Honestly? Because I am sick and tired of seeing Orlando mope about. He's my friend, Viggo, and it breaks my heart to see him so sad and lonely. Plus I am tired of him always telling me the same things when he is lonely and drunk. I figure I at least deserve some new stories about you, now and again." She smiled. "So I told you. I want you to go and make him smile. In fact, I charge you to go and make him smile. Go and tell him what you told me. He deserves to be happy. You deserve to be happy. And I have a feeling you could be deliriously happy together."

Viggo took a deep breath. Tell Orlando? Kate made it all sound so simple. Tell Orlando, after years of silence, after drifting apart, after becoming strangers to one another? Worse, stranger than strangers, for fear of saying the wrong thing? Could he do that? But if Kate said Orlando loved him ... how could he not go and tell him? He'd not managed to get over Orlando now, years later. So he knew it would not happen any time soon, if at all. And it was not like he was risking much, was he? They weren't speaking anyway. They were no longer friends. No, all he would be risking was his heart. And at least he would have told him then. Maybe that would give him closure. At least Orlando would know that he loved him. The words would finally be out in the open.

Kate sat across from him, silent now and content to let him think. Content to wait for him to make up his mind and gather his courage.

What did he have to loose, really? Only his pride. Everything else, his heart and soul, Orlando already had anyway, unaware of it though he was. He wasn't that proud a man anyway, not when it came to this, and maybe letting Orlando know of the heart that was following him wherever he went would not be so bad. And there was always Kate's word that Orlando loved him. And he had no reason not to trust Kate. Why should she lie to him? Yes, he'd tell him. For better or worse.

He took a deep breath. "All right. I trust you, Kate. Where is he?"

Kate smiled. So he had seen through her little game. Well, Orlando would not love someone stupid.

"He's in Denmark, Viggo." She took a piece of paper out of her pocket. "Here is the address. Only his mother and I know it, as far as I am aware."

Viggo took the small piece of paper and looked at it. Denmark? Interesting. He knew the island - in fact, he remembered talking with Orlando about it, once. About showing him Denmark. Now, perhaps he still could. Denmark in June was lovely. This might work out, after all.

"When is Orlando needed anywhere again?"

Kate smiled. So, he moves quickly, does he, once his mind is made up? Good, good. "He has to be in New York at a screening - Tuesday in three weeks. Nothing before then that can’t be moved."

Viggo smiled. "Good. Can I call you to sort out his schedule in case - you know ..." he looked insecure again, all of a sudden. Kate squeezed his hand. "Indeed you can. Robin works for both of us, after all. "

"Good. Thank you, Kate. I appreciate this a lot. I cannot tell you how much. Thank you for giving me hope again, after all this time. Thank you for a chance to get back my heart and my life. Thank you." He leaned over the table and kissed her cheek, paused, then shook his head ruefully: "Now, I know I said I had the rest of the evening, but I do think I have a plane to find and some clothes to pack and ..." Viggo's voice ran out.

"... and your future to regain. I know. Go. Run. Godspeed, Viggo, and give Orlando a hug from me when you see him. And let me know how it goes!"

"I promise, Kate." Viggo got up and came around the table, to hug her as she stood up. He buried his face in her hair and hugged her so hard it almost hurt. "Thank you. I hope the future will give me the chance to be as good a friend to you as you are being to Orlando - and me."

She blinked away some tears. Yes, this was the right thing to do. And she looked forward to having them both in her life. "So do I. Go, Viggo."

He squeezed her again, then held her at arms length, grinned, turned and walked out of the restaurant.

Kate watched him go, grinned ruefully, emptied her cup and went about settling the bill. Oh, she was so going to make them both pamper her for a week. Or maybe a month. Yes. at least a month. If only it all worked out for them and they went about it like sensible people, instead of like men!

+0+0+0+0+0+

Orlando sat on the bus back to the small village his holiday home was in. The sun had sunk while he was having his sandwiches on the beach and now night had fallen. He'd wanted to walk back, but sense and his sore feet had prevailed, and he was now quite glad to be sitting on the bus and watching the night pass by outside. This had been a good day. If only he had someone to share it with, then it would have been perfect.

No, he thought. Not someone. Viggo. If only he had had Viggo to share it with. Then it would have been perfect. He sighed. Well, it was not like that was about to happen, was it? So he might as well be glad that he had had a good day, instead of be sad and yearn for the stars. Yearn for the stars when he already had the moon in his hands. How greedy was that?

So what if he wasn't happy. Many people weren't. He was content. He was healthy. He was successful. Never mind that success came with a lot of downsides and that he'd by now gladly trade it all in for love. Do some theatre here and there, get some random job, make enough money to live on. He didn't need the jetset and the fame and all the money. There had been a time when that had been what he thought he'd wanted, but that was long ago now. Now he knew that it wasn't true. It was all empty, so terribly empty. He'd trade it all in an instant if only he could have the one person back that meant more than anyone else to him.

If only he could have his heart back.

He sighed. Yes, it seemed definitely like content days were the thing to aim for. He could do that. He could work at being content. Content was good. Yes. Good. Content was good. Happy was an illusion, anyway. Something for other people. Something he had gotten one chance at and screwed up, for fear of loosing what he had.

Yeah, that had worked well. Fear risking friendship by mentioning love. Have nothing left anyway. That had worked well. Not. If only he could go back and change things. He'd not stay silent. He'd much rather risk his heart and be rejected, than stay in safe silence and let everything slip away, to be left with nothing anyway.

He shook his head and watched his face reflected in the bus window, with the darkness gliding by behind it. His eyes looked awfully dark and sad in the reflection gazing back at him.

He snorted, making the woman two seats over look at him curiously. He ignored her. Sad and dark, huh. Eyes, meet life.