Surfing Old School
by shmeckle

Tournament, First Day (Chapter 5)

The first day of the three day tournament finally arrived. As David’s jeep slowly made its way to the site, Kari tried to calm her nerves. She was sitting in the back between Jessie and Geoff, who showed up at their hotel just that morning. She was happy that he and David would also be dressed traditionally.

As they got to the beach, they spotted one of the Governor’s aides holding a sign that said “Kari Kaimana”. As they pulled over to him, he told them to follow a policeman on a motorcycle, who gave them an escort to a parking place very near a large stage.

The stage was swarming with people, all getting ready for the Governor’s press conference. It was the first time the surf tournament was going to opened by the Governor, so his aides and the press were busy. An aide took her board to the beach and another led her group to a small waiting area near the back steps to the stage.

Jessie could see Kari getting more nervous as time went on, so she distracted her with small talk. “So this is a three-day tournament?”

“Yes, so bad waves on any particular day won’t affect the surfers’ scores.”

“You get scored?”

“Yes, 5 judges give you a score from 1 to 10 for each wave. Your two highest scores from each day determine your total.”

Just then, the Governor walked by. He stopped in front of Kari, and said, “Welcome Ms. Kaimana.” He shook her hand, glancing down to see her breasts bouncing, then said, “My aides will call you and David up after my opening remarks.”

Jessie held Kari’s hand and said, “Now, you remember what you’re going to say to the reporters if they ask, right?”

“Yes. I’m going to pretend I’m you and say what you said to the Governor.” Jessie smiled, touched that her friend would look to her as someone strong and confident that she should imitate. Kari took a drink from her bottle of Hannah’s tea, hoping the slight jolt of energy would help her be more outgoing and energetic like her friend.

“You can do this, Kari. Just be confident and know that you look beautiful and strong.”

Soon the aides motioned for her and David to go up. David graciously took her hand and walked with her up the steps. She was grateful for the hand once she reached the top, because suddenly she was blinded by the flash of cameras. Once they died down, she almost wished they hadn’t, once she saw the large crowd. She found herself between the Governor and David, both much happier than she was to be there.

The Governor introduced her and said, “When she’s not surfing, she has been wearing traditional Hawaiian dress, supplied by David Kamehaloha of Hawaii First. David, would you like to tell us all about it?”

David stepped up and started effusively explaining about what Kari was wearing. He motioned to her skirt, a bright white bit of cloth with red flowers and hummingbirds, and then to his own. “Older men and women wore longer skirts, but,” pointing to Kari’s chest, said, “both men and women were topless.” He talked about her kupe’e and then pointed out her lei po’o. “This headdress is a lei po’o. The one Kari is wearing today is special. These feathery scarlet flowers are ohia lehua blossoms, which only grow near volcanoes and are sacred to the Goddess Pele. We in Hawaii First hope that Kari’s wearing them today will bring the blessing of the Goddess to this tournament.”

When he finished, the reporters had a lot of questions for Kari.

“Why are you doing this?”

“My people invented surfing and they did it naked. I’m doing the same in their honor.”

“Are you going to keep surfing naked?”

“No. I’m back home and Hawaiian and it just seems to be the right thing to do to now.”

“Do you think all the surfers should surf nude?”

Kari decided to be honest. “This…is not easy for me. I wouldn’t demand anyone else do this…But if any of the other surfers want to join me, I would welcome it.”

The Governor said, “Let’s hear a round of applause for Kari and David.” Once the applause died down, he added, “Well, let the tournament begin.”

David motioned to Geoff, waiting off-stage, who was carrying a basket of woven palm leaves. He took off the kupe’e on her left wrist and said, “I have to keep these in a cooler when you’re not wearing them, so they last for the whole 3 days.” He took off the others. She leaned forward to let him take off the lei po’o. He placed it in the basket, and then, before Kari even realized it, with one deft flick of his hand, he untied the knot of her skirt and it swirled off her hips.

David folded the scrap of cloth and placed it in the basket, while Kari was dumbstruck and unable to move. She could see the flash of cameras going off, realizing that these were professional photographers and that their photos would be on all sorts of newspapers and websites. ‘I didn’t think I was going to be stripped on stage!‘

David took the basket from Geoff and said, “You should probably escort her to the beach.”

Geoff took her hand and led off the left side of the stage, where there was a flight of stairs down that led directly to the beach. The crowd parted as they passed. Kari was happy that only 6 or 8 people at a time were around her, surprised by her nakedness, instead of the dozens of reporters she just finished with. ‘At least no one is taking pictures…‘, not noticing several people with their phones out recording.

Finally, they reached the edge of the beach where all the other surfers were waiting. She looked around and saw her board and started walking to it. Suddenly, her nemesis Ashley was in front of her, surrounded by her entourage.

“Wow, you actually are going to do it? I thought it was a lot of hype.”

Kari forced a smile and said, “No, I’m for real and surfing old-school.” As she stepped around her, Kari continued, “Now if you don’t mind, I’m here to surf.”

She got into the water and paddled out toward the wave runners, two guys on jet-skis that towed the surfers out to where they could catch the waves. When they saw her, their eyes lit up and one said, “Dibs on the naked chick!” and they both sped toward her. When they got close, they almost collided and their combined wake shook Kari’s board. She had to grab the sides, which pressed her breasts together, while the wake made them bounce wildly. The guys were mesmerized. She said, “You have to take turns towing me out.” She pointed at the one who didn’t call dibs and said, “You first.”

Once she started surfing, the same almost mystical feeling she had at Napalei returned. She could sense what the ocean was going to do and used that to do some of the fanciest tricks she knew. By the time they finished the day’s surfing, she had the almost unheard-of perfect score of 20, ahead of Ashley by 4 points.

She rode the last wave in to the beach. She was happy to see Geoff waiting with a towel and her clothes, even if it was just her skirt. After she dried off, she motioned to it and asked, “Would you put it on me?” and smiled.

He held it to her hip and reached around to grab the other corner, bringing his face very close to her breasts. When he started to tie the knot, she looked down and said, “Show me how you tie it.” She watched as he did.

As he straightened up, Kari put her hand on his face and kissed him. She intended for it to be a quick and friendly kiss, but felt a surge of emotion and lust course through her. Geoff must have as well, because he put his arm around her waist and pulled her close. They kissed again more passionately, a bulge growing under Geoff’s pareu.

Just then Mona came up from behind and joked, “Hey, get a room, you two.” They broke their embrace, both blushing. Once she gathered her wits, Kari said, “Geoff, why don’t you come with us to the hotel? We can have a big dinner in, courtesy of the Governor.” He gladly accepted.

*****

When they got to the hotel, Kari surprised Geoff by immediately getting naked. “It’s part of my training.”

Mona said, “I’m going to order room service. Any suggestions?”

Jessie replied, “Make it a feast. With what the Governor put Kari through at the press conference, he owes her.”

As the other women went into their rooms, Kari announced, “I’m going to shower to get the salt off my skin.” She took Geoff’s and and whispered, “Care to join me?” He gladly accepted again.

The door had barely closed when their arms were around each other again. The bulge in his pareu returned and Kari couldn’t help but grind her wet vulva against it. He walked sideways to the shower, whispering, “Let’s get the water running so they don’t hear us…” Kari meanwhile untied the knot on his pareu and let it drop. She watched as his stiff cock rose up, unrestrained, and then grabbed it and led him into the shower.

She moaned and then whispered, “I’ve been so horny all day. Do you think surfing naked does that to me?”

“Well, watching you surf naked does it to me.” He grabbed her ass and she wrapped her legs around his hips. As he lifted her, her wet vulva slid against the underside of his cock, and then down over it as he lowered her, both of them moaning.

Later that night, after a sumptuous dinner, they shared a bottle of champagne to toast to Kari’s great day. Mona said, “That was your best surfing ever. And you were consistent. What was different than your first attempt at Waimea Bay?”

Kari said, “After surfing alone at Napalei, I was able to ignore the crowds and concentrate on the sensations of the wind and water over my body. It makes me a lot more aware of my balance, the shifting of the waves, and just generally heightens my senses.”

Mona said, “Well, I’ve never seen anyone surf like you did out there today. You were awesome.” Mona thought, ‘There’s got to be a way to keep her surfing naked.‘

Geoff stood up and said, “I have to get back to my hotel. I’m afraid my training starts in a few days, so I have to go back to California tomorrow.” Kari walked him to the door, and after a couple more passionate kisses, said goodnight.

*****

The next morning, at a Victorian style house on the coast just outside of Honolulu, Charles Bennington was having breakfast on his veranda. His butler brought him coffee, a grapefruit, and the morning paper. His butler said, “It seems your client and the Governor are good friends now. They’re on the front page.”

Bennington thought, ‘What is that idiot up to?‘ He looked at the full-color photo, with the Governor on one side, David on the other, and Kari in the middle. Her breasts were obscured by microphones but it was evident that she was topless.

“Now this is intriguing. She’s surfing naked, eh?” He paged through the paper, looking at the other pictures. Most of them were black and white. One showed her on-stage right after she had been stripped by David, nipples and vulva pixelized, of course. Another one showed her in profile walking to the stairs; her hair covered her nipple and her leg closest to the camera blocked the view of her pussy, so it wasn’t censored. A third showed her from behind walking through the crowd, also uncensored. There was a color close-up of her from the side, showing a three-quarter view of her face, highlighting her hazel eyes and the wind blowing her dark hair. ‘Well, she surely is photogenic.‘

His butler asked, “So does this jeopardize your work with Mr. Kamehaloha?”

“Oh, that doesn’t matter in the least. If I spend one hour in court or write one letter for them, my entire visit here is a tax write-off. But this,” pointing at Kari’s image, “this is something my paying client will want to hear about.” He picked up his phone and made a call to Paris.


Tournament, Second Day (Chapter 6)

The jeep pulled into the reserved spot next to the beach. Kari was relieved to see that there was no stage or crowd of reporters and photographers waiting. Still, she hesitated, not wanting to strip on the sidewalk. Mona walked by with her board and said, “Time to surf. You should get that skirt off.”

She took off her kupe’e and lei po’o and left them in David’s Jeep. She slipped off her skirt, folded it, and laid it beside them. Steeling herself, she took a sip of the herbal tea and followed Mona naked onto the beach.

As she walked to the shore, she could see out of the corner of her eye Ashley and her crew. Ashley was glaring at her, arms crossed. She looked over at them and gave them a slight smile. It was almost worth surfing naked just to see her so put out.

That day the weather gods were still smiling on them and the surf conditions were great. Once Kari got back on the water, she relaxed, tuning out all the crowds and other surfers. Her first wave felt wonderful, like she was back home. The scoreboard at the judges’ station flashed “9”, but, walking back along the shore, Kari didn’t notice.

She was watching her competition’s latest ride. Ashley looked like a stereotypical California beach girl, with long blonde hair and blue eyes, and a slim athletic build. Kari watched as she surfed, and could see how good she was. Then she looked closer and was able to see just a moment’s hesitation every once in a while as she started her next move. That was what was keeping her just behind Kari’s lead, in spite of her skill.

Jessie came up and handed her the bottle of herbal energy tea. Kari took it and drank without taking her eyes off her competitor and handed it back. Jessie knew how focused she could be when she was surfing. This time it seemed different, like her mind was elsewhere, captivated by something. At least she didn’t seem uncomfortable being naked in public at the moment.

Kari repeated her performance from the first day, with Ashley and the other women trying to match her moves. At the end of the day’s surfing, she was ahead of Ashley by two points.

Jessie and Mona met her after her last wave, and they all hugged each other, excited by Kari’s great performance. They walked off the beach toward David’s Jeep. Kari was a little taken aback when it wasn’t where it should be. Jessie said, “Oh, right. David said he had some things to attend to, so he had to return to Honolulu.”

Kari panicked. Her skirt was in his Jeep — now what was she going to wear?

Just then, a black limousine pulled into a nearby parking space. The chauffeur got out and opened one of the back doors. A tall thin man in a black pinstripe suit got out, followed by a young woman in a similar jacket and skirt.

He approached the group and addressed Kari. “Are you Kari Kaimana?”

Kari nodded. He stretched out his hand and as she shook it, said, “I am Charles Bennington, and,” motioning to the woman behind him, “this is my assistant Janine. We work for a company called Bronzée Solaire that makes sunscreen and other skin care products.”

Mona smiled. She knew about this company. They made high-end products. They were very big in Europe and the Pacific Rim, but were trying to get into the North American market. They just might be the saviors they were looking for.

He continued, “We are very interested in becoming your sponsor for the rest of the surfing season.”

Jessie stepped up and introduced herself. “Yes, we’re interested in what you have to offer.”

He said, “We have an office in Honolulu. I can take you there to discuss the details.”

Mona replied, “Sure, we’d be happy to.”

Bennington motioned to the limo and said, “Shall we go?”

Kari whispered, “But…naked?”

He smiled and said, “Sure. No one at Bronzée Solaire will mind. It’s your nude surfing that got our attention in the first place. Besides, we make skin-care products. We see a lot of our test subjects naked.”

Mona put her hand in the small of Kari’s back and moved her toward the limo. “He’s right. You can go there naked.” Kari blushed but got in anyway, her nipples shrinking quickly and goosebumps rising as she felt the air conditioning. When she sat, the feel of the leather seat against her naked skin made her shiver.

Kari, Mona, and Jessie were on a bench seat right behind the driver, while Bennington faced them. His assistant Janine beside him opened a panel in the wall next to her and got out 5 glasses and a bottle of champagne.

As she passed out the glasses of champagne, Bennington said to Kari, “Janine here is quite a fan of surfing. She tells me your performance over the last two days was amazing.”

Janine added, “My brother used to surf as a hobby and I used to keep him company. He was nowhere near as good as you. But I’ve seen enough good surfers to know that you’re the best.”

Kari smiled and said, “Thank you.”

A short while later, they got to Honolulu, going to an office park on the outskirts of the city. They pulled up to a brightly lit 3-story building, with a large sign saying “B. S. Internationale”. The limo stopped in front of it and the chauffeur opened the back doors. Kari had to steady her nerves before she could step out naked onto the asphalt.

Bennington took her hand and escorted her up the steps and through the front doors. She balked as everyone in the lobby stopped what they were doing and stared at her appreciatively. He was walking her toward a central conference room, with all four sides of solid glass, when a door to a corner office opened and a well-dressed man stepped out.

Bennington stopped in his tracks and then said, “Monsieur Boulanger, I wasn’t expecting you here.”

The man smiled and said, with a French accent, “I was in L.A., not Paris. I flew out here to meet Ms. Kaimana personally.”

Bennington turned to them and said, “This is Etienne Boulanger, CEO of Bronzée Solaire Internationale.”

Mona looked at him, admiring the expensive summer-weight wool suit he was wearing, and his Italian shoes, and a sparkling Swiss watch. His short steel-gray hair was immaculate. She could see she was right. These people had money, lots of it.

Monsieur Boulanger stepped forward and took Kari’s hand. He lifted it slightly, and she wasn’t sure if he was going to shake it or lift it to his lips and kiss it. He smiled and said, “Ms. Kaimana, I’m so pleased to meet you.”

Then he turned to Mona and Jessie, giving a slight nod to them each in turn, saying, “And you are Mona Tahani, her coach, and you are Jessica Morris, her manager, correct?”

They both smiled and nodded, unused to be noticed where Kari was involved, and touched that he knew their names. He motioned to the glass-walled room and said, “Shall we all meet in our conference room? Monsieur Bennington and I have an offer I think you will all like to hear about.”

The women followed him down the hall and into the glass-walled room. Boulanger pulled out a chair for Kari, and she saw it had a small towel draped over it. Once she sat, she looked uneasily out into the hall. The occasional passers-by noticed her and looked on approvingly.

Boulanger and Bennington laid out their offer. They would pay them $150,000 US for the rest of the surfing circuit and give them the use of one of the company’s private jets to go to tournaments in other countries. They said the company would make sure they stayed in luxury hotels at no expense. They wanted to book some time with Kari the day after the tournament for a photo shoot; if it worked out well, Boulanger said, Kari could very well become the face of Bronzée Solaire.

The women tried hard not to betray how excited they were. Mona asked for a copy of the contract and Janine mailed a copy to her phone. Mona asked, “Can we have a day to look it over? I’d like to run it by our lawyer.”

“Certainly,” Monsieur Boulanger said, “I would expect nothing less.”

After a few more minutes chatting, Mona said, “Well, Kari has to surf tomorrow. We should get back to our hotel.”

Bennington said, “I’ll have my chauffeur take you.”

Once they got into the limo, the women let down their guard. “Wow, $150,000 for the season!” “And corporate jets to take us everyhwere, and luxury hotels when we get there!” On the way back, Mona forwarded the contract to their lawyer.

As the limo pulled into the parking lot, Kari said, “Uh, Mona, I have no clothes to wear.”

Mona handed her the Governor’s ID, as if it were some kind of charm, and replied, “Just walk through the lobby like you mean it, like you’re entitled to. Nobody will mind.”

Kari, skeptical, slipped the lanyard over her head and stepped out into the daylight. She held her head up and tried to effect a confident stride. Her friends fell in beside her.

As they walked into the lobby, some people went wide-eyed with surprise. The concierge was behind the main desk. She said cheerily, “Ms. Kaimana, how was the tournament today?”

She smiled back and said, “Wonderful.”

*****

Later that evening, their lawyer responded. He said it was a good contract, very good for them in fact. He pointed out, “The only odd thing is that they seem adamant that Kari appear naked not only at her surf competitions but at their promotional endeavors as well.”

After dinner, over a round of beers, Mona asked Kari what she would do to become the best surfer in the world.

Kari said, “Anything. It’s all I dream about.”

Mona replied, “Since you’ve started surfing naked, I can see you’re close, very close to that dream. Are you willing to surf the rest of this year’s circuit naked?”

Kari paused and sighed. “When I’m out on the water, it feels perfect to be nude. It’s just the crowds, and everything else about it that I can’t deal with naked.”

Mona continued , “Well, the contract offer we got from Bronzée Solaire is a really sweet one. We won’t have to worry about arranging flights anywhere in the world. We’ll stay in luxury hotels like this. It’s everything you’d want in a sponsorship. Their only stipulation is that you surf naked.”

Kari raised an eyebrow and said wryly, “Just that?”

“Well, and attend some of their promotional functions.”

“Naked?”

“Yes… Remember they said they may want to make you the face of Bronzée Solaire. You’d have a second career as a model.”

Kari blurted out, “Yeah, a nude model.” She got silent. It would be a perfect arrangement, letting her and Mona focus only on surfing and leave the financial and logistical stuff to their sponsors. Still, to get through this ordeal, she had been telling herself she would only have to surf nude this once. And now they want her to agree to do it at every tournament this year.

She asked hopefully, “Aren’t there any other options?”

Jessie said, “We have a couple other companies that are interested. But their offers are contingient on you surfing nude. And none are nearly as lucrative as this.”

Mona could see Kari was hesitating, and continued, “Face it, you garnered a lot of attention by surfing naked. Any sponsor will want you to continue doing that. And I think this company would be the one most likely to work with the League to make that happen.”

She knew her friends were counting on her. It wasn’t just a windfall for her but for them as well.

She thought back to the amazing connection to the sea she felt when she was nude and it let her feel a moment’s peace. Suspecting she’d regret it later, Kari shrugged and gave in. She sighed, “Sure, let’s sign it. It’s just for this year, right?”


New Sponsors! (Chapter 7)

The final day of the tournament, Kari was on her naked walk to the shore. Ashley stomped over to her, pointed her finger, and shouted, “You’re just doing this to get noticed. It’s pathetic!”

Kari was furious, her body buzzing from anger and also from the herbal energy tea she’d been drinking for the last 3 days. She stepped closer, yelling back into Ashley’s face, “So you think this is easy for me? Let’s see you get naked! Right now!”

Ashley balked at the thought and backed off.

Kari stepped closer as she stepped back. “Oh, no? You’re not going to?…Well, until you do, SHUT THE HELL UP!” She spun around on her heels and strode off to the water.

Their fight got both women fired up. When Kari waded in, she felt the waves caressing her, soothing her. She breathed deeply, body still tingling, and let go of the anger and just felt peace.

She could see Ashley was still angry by the way she surfed. She wasn’t as hesitant as yesterday, mostly because the anger was making her take chances and act impulsively. It cost her a few times when she misjudged the wave and wiped out. When the rage subsided some, she got back into form. As the day wore on, Ashley was able to put in a few high-scoring rides, and then she and Kari stayed neck-and-neck for the rest of the day. They closed the final day tied at 17 points each.

The surfers and their friends gathered around the judges’ platform, waiting for the final announcement of the tournament totals. Kari and Jessie were arm-in-arm, knowing that Kari’s scores for the 3 days meant for a certain win. They announced the third place winner to a round of applause. Second place went to Ashley and her entourage cheered loudly.

“And first place goes to…Kari Kaimana!” Amid a huge roar of applause and cheers, Kari and Jessie threw their arms around each other and started jumping up and down. Jessie’s knee inadvertently rubbed up and down against Kari’s pussy, and the orgasm she had been on the edge of all day from the herbal energy tea finally hit her.

Jessie heard her friend’s moans and was momentarily startled. Then, as the people around her started noticing, she pressed Kari’s head against her neck and said, “She’s crying…tears of joy.” It was met with a few quiet chuckles from some who realized what had happened. She stood and held her friend, trying to muffle her moans. She was feeling a weird mix of emotions, embarrassed for her friend, but incredibly aroused from holding a beautiful naked woman having an orgasm.

Finally Kari stopped shuddering, and whispered, “Thank you, Jess.”

She gathered her courage and looked up, blushing and trying to ignore all the smirks. Someone on the judge’s station was calling the winners up to a stage nearby. Kari hoped the orgasm hadn’t left her thighs so wet that everyone noticed. She walked up and was led to a tri-level podium, to the highest level in the middle. Ashley was on her right and the third-place winner on her left. Each got a trophy and a check, and then photographers surrounded them and lights flashed. Kari smiled but wondered just how many hundreds of nude photos there were of her now.

Finally, she was able to get down and briskly walked over to Jessie. She leaned close and whispered into Jessie’s ear, “Please help me get out of here. Quickly.” Jessie wrapped her arm around her nude friend’s waist and walked through the crowd toward the street.

Once they were out of the crowd, Mona caught up with them, carrying Kari’s board. They were headed toward David’s Jeep, when the limo from the day before pulled up.

Bennington approached them and asked if they accepted the contract. Mona smiled and said, “Yes.”

His assistant Janine handed her a tablet and asked them all to sign. Once they had, he got his phone and called Monsieur Boulanger to tell him the good news. When he hung up, he motioned to his limo and said, “He would like you all to attend a little celebration at our Honolulu office.”

Kari looked at David, who was approaching, and then asked, “Can I get dressed?”

Bennington said, “No need. We’ll have something there for you to wear.”

Mona handed David the board and Kari gave him her trophy. Once again, Mona guided Kari into the limo naked.

*****

It was a repeat of the previous day as Kari went up the steps and into the lobby, turning heads all the way. Once they were in the lobby, Bennington said, “You probably want to get the salt spray off. Janine, could you take Kari into the executive washroom so she can shower? Then get a couple people down from makeup to freshen her up.”

Kari followed Janine down a hallway and through a door to a luxurious bathroom. At the far end was a large shower stall lined in gray marble. As she showered, she was happy not to be the only one naked in public for a short while. She heard other women entering. She knew she had lingered just a little too long in the shower when she heard Janine say, “Kari, we’re ready for you.”

As she dried off, she saw an office chair in front of a gray marble counter, with 2 women unpacking cosmetics from several briefcases. She sat down and let herself be pampered, as one woman did her makeup and hair while the other sprayed her down with moisturizer that made her skin glisten. As she stood up to let the second woman spray her back, Janine walked over with a pair of high heels. She said,”I think I guessed your size correctly,” as Kari slipped them on.

Janine turned to leave and said, “Follow me.” They went out to the hallway to an elevator. Kari wondered when she would get a dress to wear.

They exited on the top floor, where Janine led her to a room with double doors. Kari hoped this was where they kept their wardrobe department.

The doors swung open and they stepped into a large room, filled with well-dressed men and women milling about with wine and cocktail glasses. Kari stopped and gasped. Monsieur Boulanger was standing close by; he walked to her, held her hand up, and said, “Ladies and gentlemen, I give you…Kari Kaimana.” Everyone applauded.

As Boulanger led her up to a small stage near the back, he whispered, “I hope you don’t mind remaining naked. This is sort of a promotional event. Your pictures and an article about you are going to be in our company’s internal publications.”

They got to mid-stage, and then Boulanger told everyone about her win at the tournament, and how she was surfing nude to honor her Hawaiian ancestors, and had agreed to continue for the rest of the surfing season under their sponsorship. He said she was the perfect combination of beauty and athleticism to really showcase Bronzée Solaire products. He added that tomorrow she was going to have a photo shoot to pose for promotional photos with their products. She got another round of applause. Boulanger let go of her hand and said, “Now, let’s everyone enjoy the party.”

A waiter approached with a tray of champagne. Kari took one and muttered, “Oh yeah, I’m gonna need a lot of these…” She left the stage when she saw Jessie and Mona standing nearby.

“Kari, you look beautiful,” Jessie beamed. “I don’t think I’ve ever seen you in heels.”

“Yeah, I usually only wear them at weddings.”

Mona hooked arms with Kari, and then Jessie did with the other, and Mona said, “Well, let‘s go to the hors d’oeuvres table.”

Walking through the crowd, Kari was stopped repeatedly by the company’s employees, all wanting a photo with her. Kari thought, ‘Sure, what’s another hundred more nude pictures of me out there…‘. The feeling of them moving in close to her with their clothed arms against her skin just made her feel even more naked. The company’s staff photographers were wandering about as well, so she never knew when someone could be taking her picture.

After an hour, Janine brought Kari back on the small stage. The rear wall had a muted purple curtain hanging from ceiling to floor. The company photographers were there, trying to get the CEO and his staff to line up and smile. Boulanger motioned to Kari and pointed at the space beside him. She reluctantly walked over and got in the line. She gave her best smile as the flashes went off repeatedly.

Once they were finished, they repeated the process for the other top brass in their Hawaii office — the CFO and her staff, the VP of R&D and his staff, and the VP of IT and her staff. It seemed everyone wanted a souvenir of her visit.

Afterward, as they walked toward the elevators, Boulanger thanked her warmly for putting up with the promotional photos. “I may have the one you took with me enlarged to life-size and mounted in the lobby.” Kari was not thrilled at the thought.

He continued, “Now remember, tomorrow we will be sending a limousine for you at noon. Our photo shoot should not last more than 4 hours.”

The three women took the limo from B. S. Internationale to their hotel. Kari slipped the ID back on and walked into the lobby. The concierge was behind the main desk. She said cheerily, “Kari, congratulations on your win!”

She smiled back and said, “Thanks.”

*****

Back in the hotel, Jessie watched as Kari plopped down on the arm of the sofa, arms dangling loosely and her head slumped forward. She guessed it was the combination of the physical workout of the tournament, the stress of doing it naked, and a few too many glasses of champagne earlier. She knew from experience that her friend could sleep in that position if she were tired enough. She helped her up and guided her to the shower. “Kari, let’s get you a shower and then get you to bed, okay?”

Once in the shower, Kari was still out of it, standing unmoving under the stream of water. Jessie mumbled, “I guess there’s only one way to get her to finish.”

Jessie stripped off her clothes and got into the large shower. She turned Kari around so she was thoroughly wet and then swapped places with her. She handed her the soap and say, “C’mon, soap up your front.”

Kari did, but half-heartedly. Finally, Jessie took the soap from her, turned her around, and said, “Let me wash your back.”

Kari folded her arms against the far wall and laid her head against them, and stuck her butt out a bit. Jessie soaped up her shoulders, admiring how strong they felt, and then down her back, massaging her muscles and elicting a few quiet moans from Kari.

Jessie paused, looking at Kari’s butt. She kneeled down and soaped up her hands and started washing and massaging her friend’s left cheek. Kari responded by rocking her hips and humming appreciatively, which encouraged Jessie to continue. She marveled at how full and strong it was. She moved to the right one and started kneading it, eliciting new moans and happy noises from Kari.

She moved her hands down to Kari’s left thigh, which made her friend shift her weight to her right leg and bend her left knee. Jessie rubbed her hands in long firm strokes down the muscles of her thigh. Jessie knew that strong leg muscles were a trait that most surfers developed. She surprised herself when she thought how nice these thighs would feel wrapped tight around her.

She finished washing her friend’s legs and, after a quick rinse for herself, guided Kari out of the shower. She toweled herself and her friend off, and then led her by the hand to Kari’s bedroom. She got her tucked in and was about to leave when, much to her surprise, Kari reached out and grabbed her hand.

“Jessie, please stay,” Kari said, tugging on her hand slightly. Jessie paused, and Kari said, “Please. I don’t want to sleep alone…” She saw her friend scoot back toward the far edge of her bed, sweeping the covers away, and patting her hand on the mattress.

Jessie hesitated, knowing that this was what she had fantasized about, what she really wanted, but not really quite trusting that it was happening. Finally, the inviting look on Kari’s face convinced her, and she slipped into bed next to her beautiful friend.

Jessie lay on her back as Kari laid her head on her chest. Jessie felt her slide in closer so she could wrap her arms around her, and throw her leg over Jessie’s thigh. She felt Kari hug her tight, nuzzle her breast, and hum softly.

After a few minutes, Jessie was able to relax and appreciate her circumstances. She was naked in bed with the woman she loved more than anyone in the world. She could feel Kari’s soft breath flowing over her breast, making her areola shrink and her nipple stick out. She decided that she finally had to tell Kari how she felt, how much she cared for her…how much she loved her.

She mustered up the courage to say, “Kari…” Kari obliged by nuzzling her breast and hummed.

“Kari…I…love you. I always have, from the first day I saw you…”

Jessie knew that her confession was a game-changing momemt — if Kari felt the same, they’d have a romantic relationship that she had longed for. If she didn’t — Jessie hoped that wasn’t going to happen…

Jessie waited, feeling her friend’s soft breath on her breast, waiting for her answer.

She got an answer of sorts, in the form of her beautiful friend’s faint snoring.

