A fantasy fulfilled, and some revenge.

This story is the property of the author.  It may be redistributed, copied and stored without changes, though it is not to be used by commercial entities.  Using this material in any commercial publication, including websites, without the express permission of the author, will be followed up with legal action. This fictional story was written for the entertainment of adults and should not be viewed by those under the legal age.

This is a story of casual, unprotected sex, and is a work of fiction. In real life, use a condom, damnit! Unwanted babies, HIV and all sorts of lesser sexual diseases await the idiot who "dips his wick" or "rides the rod" without protection.

---

The Game, Chapter 10 (mf, mF, anal, caution, mc, nc, oral, impreg?)
by Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)

---

I woke up confused and laying on my side. It was dark, but I felt a soft warm body both in front of and behind me, so I was both the big spoon and small spoon, but in the dark, I had no idea who was who. My cock was still hard from the pill Lily had given me earlier, so I reached around and grasped a soft C-cup breast. The wide nipple between my fingers told me it was either Max or May, so I bent her legs forward in order to access the mesmerized twin's pussy from behind. With some angling, I managed to slot the head of my cock between her moist lips and pushed.

I was rewarded with a sexy moan as she started to wake up. I kissed her neck as I sawed my hardness into her from behind, feeling her tighten up as I tweaked her nipple. My hands roamed her soft body and I thought of what Lily had said earlier about May's body filling out more from pregnancy after I knocked her up. Lily was totally perverted, but it lined up with my own kinks. I caressed the girl's slightly rounded tummy and thought about it expanding, making room for my child.

Shit, I was going to cum already! I needed to make sure that it was inside May, otherwise Lily would be pissed off, so I moved my hand down to this girl's pubic region. My fingers encountered that small strip of hair, so this was Max! I pulled out and turned over. I needed to cum! I pushed May onto her back and slid into position between her legs. I could feel that her pussy lips were already wet, so I pushed myself inside.

"Hrmm?" I heard her mumble in her sleep.

Her insides were gripping me firmly so I had to adjust the angle of my thrusts. If I'd been more awake, I would have realized that with 2 1/2 of my loads already soaking into her depths from earlier, the inside of May's pussy should have been a lot slicker.

"Mmwha...?"

"Hhraaa!" I yelled out my orgasm as my load rushed up my shaft and burst inside the girl's unprotected depths.

"Victor?! Ohmigod, you're cumming...in...MEEEEE!!!"

I realized that it was Lily screaming into my ear as I felt her strong legs wrap around me and then her pussy gripped me hard. I couldn't pull out even if I wanted to, and despite the beating she would no doubt give me later, I absolutely did not want to. I thrust deep, ensuring that my cum would reach as far inside her forbidden depths as possible. I moaned, exultant at finally being inside my blonde goddess' body, even if it was by mistake.

Then her body relaxed, and I pulled out, my hands moving in front of my face to ward off her blows, but they never came. I felt some movement on the bed and then the side table lamp came on.

Lily was looking down at the sperm slowly dripping out of her puss. I looked down as well, and noticed blood on my penis. "Lily, were you--?"

"No, that's period blood...guess it just started. That's the first reason that I'm not ripping your dick off right now, Victor. Ugh..." She grabbed the tissue box from the side table and pulled several sheets out to sop up the mess.

"Um...the other reason?"

She looked up at me with a smirk. "I prefer women but I'm bi, and I did have a fantasy about getting woken up getting fucked by a guy, so you got lucky with this one, nerd. I came really hard, but if you try that again, I'm gonna zip-tie your cock until it turns black and falls off, you got it?"

"Uh, yeah." I flopped back on the bed next to her.

"Can you keep going?" she asked me.

I looked up, hopeful.

"For May, doofus...I want you to fill her up at least one more time before we go home."

"Oh."

---

We took showers, Lily and Max together first and then May and I afterward. I took the redheaded twin up against the wall of the shower until the water went cold and then I left one more batch of my swimmers inside her primed body.

Before we left, I sent the twins final commands through the Master Console to clean up the house from the impromptu orgy before making them believe that they had a boring Saturday night and Sunday morning.

"Thank you, Victor," Lily said as we crossed the lawn back to her house, and she gave me a kiss on the cheek.

"Thanks for...?"

"For doing what I asked and doing your best to knock up May and not Max." She turned when we got back to her front door. "I'm all fucked out and my period started, so I'm gonna hang out with my family today, okay?"

I headed home with the biggest grin on my face.

---

I flew solo for a few days and then on the way home from school Lily and I saw an attractive real estate lady taking her open house signs down. Lily gave me an arched eyebrow and I gave her a thumbs-up when I saw that the ash blonde older lady was a SpiritWalk player. One push notification later and we changed things up a little, having the sexy realtor with her D-cups ride me in the reverse cowgirl position on the cushy carpet while she ate a standing Lily. With this position, I had an unblocked view of Lily's fantastic C-cups with her pointy nipples, and when she came I did too, filling up our mind-controlled lover. We even got a fresh cookie each on our way out...apparently realtors bake cookies to make the houses smell 'homey'...who knew?

---

I just realized that the way I've been telling the story, pretty much every woman I wanted played the game. That's not actually true...it was really popular with people my age, so I had no trouble finding targets at school, but maybe about half of the attractive older women played. I had no idea about guys, or old women, and you had to be at least 14 to register to play, though I made sure that I never picked a girl who was younger than my 16 (almost 17) years.

---

*U still owe me 4 last week, right?* Lily sent to me. *4 not ripping ur dick off?*

I had to agree that she had been magnanimous, what with the lack of penis removal after I had cum inside her. She sent me the particulars for a lady named April from out of state and, sure enough, she played, and wasn't far from us. I sent Lily the thumbs-up emoji.

*Sunshine Hotel, room 305. Go 2night but I won't be joining. Vid me when ur there*

That seemed weird but I didn't want to ask for more details over text. I got on my bike and headed to the hotel, then after I sent this April lady her commands she let me in. She was maybe 40, blonde, in pretty good shape, with what seemed to be D-cup breasts, and looked strangely familiar. I got her on her knees to start me off with a blowjob while I got Lily on the horn.

"Show me!" Lily eagerly urged me.

I pointed the camera at the hot older woman as she sucked on my cock.

"Yesss, stupid bitch. Okay, so that's my mother, Victor..."

"What?!" I pulled my dick out of the older woman's mouth. She just sat there, gazing at me dully.

"She cheated on my dad and then fucked off years ago. She came for an unexpected visit today, kept using Chastity's deadname and treated her like shit. I thought that this bitch deserved some mistreatment at your hands, so she's yours; do whatever you want to her. You and I will never have sex again, Victor, so if that makes you angry, take it out on her. Whatever you wanted to do to my body, do to hers. If you knock her up, awesome. Send me pics afterward."

My mind was swirling. "If I get her pregnant, won't I be, like, your stepdad or something?"

"What? No! Ew. You'll just be her baby daddy, and no relation to me. So, you in?"

I looked down at April, Lily's mother. That was why she had seemed so familiar! I could see that Lily inherited her mother's cheekbones and hair color, and I was eager to get her clothes off to see what else. "Yeah, okay. Time to get motherfuckin'...seeya!"

"Bye!"

So this asshole was causing problems for Chastity, Lily's trans sister? I didn't understand why someone would want to change their gender, but I didn't have to; it was their choice, and life was hard enough for those people without close-minded assholes abusing them.

"Clothes off," I commanded April, and she obeyed. As she removed her bra to reveal those tremendous ta-tas, I noted that Lily had also inherited the woman's pointy nipples. I latched onto one of them and sucked, making her gasp. Lily had probably done the same when she was a baby, I realized, and I pulled my own clothes off.

There was one thing I'd wanted to do, and with an older woman like this, who had probably been around the block a few times, I figured it might work. I had her lay on the bed on her back with her head off of the edge, and then I lined my cock up as if her wide-open mouth was her vulva, with her throat her vagina. I thrust in and used her mouth for a bit, and then pushed myself all the way inside to hold it there. I could feel her throat constricting as her body fought for air after a bit, but she had to follow my instructions. I pulled out enough for her to get some oxygen and then pushed back in. Pretty soon the older woman's mascara was running, though because she was on her back it was dripping into her hairline. Lily had asked for pics so I took one of her mother's face just like that, her lips wrapped around my dick.

That was nice, but I really preferred fucking a pussy. I had her move her head back to the pillows and entered her in the missionary position. I was actually not surprised to find that she was kind of loose, but the throat fucking had already gotten me most of the way. I slammed into her for a bit and then took one of her pointy nipples into my mouth as I came inside her.

"Hurgh..." she moaned as the control script made her cum upon feeling my hot sperm filling her.

I pulled out. "Suck this..." I commanded her as I shoved my dick back into her mouth. I had been building my endurance up over the past few weeks, so I knew that I could go again soon. Now that I was no longer just fucking her mouth, I was impressed by April's blowjob skills.

I had fucked Lily's pussy, though by accident, and I had fucked her sister Chastity's ass...also sort of by accident, now that I thought about it. I didn't want their mother's loose pussy again, so I figured some synchronicity was in order. "Hands and knees," I told April, and I pushed the head of my cock into her butt dimple. It wasn't yielding, so I slipped it back into her pussy to extract some of my cum for lubrication. The next time I tried, I managed to slip the head of my cock into her anal sphincter, making her groan in discomfort. I stuck my fingers into her pussy to extract more 'cum lube' and spread it all around my shaft before pressing harder.

"Gghhgg..." April groaned.

When I got halfway, I pulled back and then thrust inside again. Soon, I was all the way in. Damn, her ass was tight! I grabbed more semen from her pussy and finally I was able to saw in and out without fear that something would tear. I reached forward and grabbed those big MILF boobs as I fucked the woman's butt. Her groans had turned into moans, so it seemed that I was doing something right.

I reflected on what Lily had said...I was never going to have sex with her again, and I had really only been inside her for a few seconds before I had cum because I had already been so close. This was so unfair! I looked down at her mother's shapely body...Lily had half of this woman's genes, so it was like having sex with half of Lily. Was that enough? No! I was angry, and before I realized, I heard April groaning in discomfort again. I realized that I was ramming into her hard while twisting her little nipples. Well, who cared? This woman had caused Lily and her family a lot of pain, so she deserved it. Finally, I grunted as I filled her ass up with my second load of the night and I felt her butt squeezing me as she came again as well.

I pulled out and saw the brown sheen on my softening dick. "Ugh..." Then I had an idea. "Suck me again, April." I smirked as she slurped her shit and my cum from my member until it was clean. Then I had her lay back so I could take a pic of my cum slipping out of both her holes, making sure that her face was in frame before sending that off to Lily.

*So fucking nasty!* she sent back.

I was done, but I didn't think April should get off so easily. I pulled up the Master Console, extended April's compliance script, and then filtered the area map down to just men. Adjusting it a bit, I crafted a custom script for all of them who were alone (so their friends and family wouldn't interfere) to come to room 305 and do whatever they wanted to this woman. Then I got dressed, sent the command, propped open the door, and went home.

To be continued...

---

Krosis' home on the web: http://www.asstr.org/~krosis

Fans or pans? E-mail Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)