Joanne's summer vacation
by Neykid

Joanne's summer vacation pt1

My name is Jo which is short for Joanne. I am what you may consider a tom boy. I love mucking in with the boys like playing sports, camping and drinking beer.

My mother hoped I would be like a girly girl since I have two older brothers and always tried to get me to wear skirts and dress but I would just stick to my jeans.

I never had any girlfriends because I always found them annoying so I hung around three guy friends all the time. It was always competitive between us and we were always daring each other to do stupid stunts. I was just one of the guys to them until one summer we all went camping everything changed.

So the day before the July 4th long weekend I had packed everything. So when the guys came over there was a bit of a hustle and bustle of packing the truck for the trip.
“So are we good, do we have everything.” Brent said as he was raring to go

“I think so.” I said and jumped in the truck.
My mom said her good byes. Brent, Keith and Jim were frequently over to my house so my mom knew them well but she said “You boys better be good.”
“Yes Mrs Anderson.” All three said in unison.
Then we set off on our three hour trip. I got my iPod and plugged it into the stereo and cranked the tunes. We joked and laughed and talked about what we were going to do when we got there. All of us were so excited.

We stopped off at a store/gas station to gas up and got some beers then it was another thirty minutes until we got to the campsite.

When we got to our site we quickly got everything set up. Then all cracked open a beer and made a toast to awesome long weekend.

Then Keith said “Last one in the lake is a rotten egg and has to do a dare.”
There was a mad scramble to get to our tents and change into our bathing suits. All the boys were in one big tent changing and I was in my one man tent trying to find my bathing suit.

Looking out the flap of my tent I saw the boys running to the lake.
“Gad dammit.” Now I wondered what they were going to get me to do. I still couldn’t find my bathing suit so now I was even more pissed off.
“Ahhhh S@#T!!.” I couldn’t find my suit so I went down to the lake to tell the guys.
When I got to the dock I yelled out to the guys that I couldn’t find my suit.
Then Jimmy Shouted back “I dare you to come in naked.”
“No way am I doing that.”
Brent and Keith started laughing then shouted “Oh yes you are.”

I gave the boys some evil looks. None of us have backed out on a dare and I wasn’t going to be the first one to do it. I had never been naked in front of my friends so it was very hard for me. I kept stalling and the boys kept yelling “Chicken,chicken,chicken.”

Being the highly competitive person I am I said” F**K it.” And quickly stripped and jumped in the water.
The boys cheered and laughed and I was feeling kind of embarrassed. Then I thought I will have to swim naked again because this was only the first day.

We goofed around in the water but the boys got in and out and dove off the dock. I stayed in the water to cover myself but I knew eventually I would have to get out and they would see my naked body again.

Then Jimmy the bastard said “I double dog dare you to stay naked all weekend.”
“Are you kidding me?”
Then the guys started laughing and pushing each other, and then Jimmy said “Why not, you have to get naked again to go swimming so you might as well stay naked.”
I was trying to reason in my head why I should take the dare so I said “What’s in it for me.”
“You don’t have to do anything all weekend but look pretty naked.” Jimmy said

“Yea look pretty naked.” The other two said while laughing
Did they just call me pretty? They never did that before and I never thought of myself that way either.
“Well then what’s it going to be?” Jimmy said
For some reason I blurted out “I will do it.” Then I regretted it right after saying it.

The guys high fived each other and cheered then got out of the water and picked up my clothes. Then they stood there smiling waiting for me to get out of the water.

“Here goes nothing.” I said quietly to myself as I made my way to the ladder on the dock.
I slowly climbed the ladder then the jerks started giving me wolf whistles. When I got on the dock I gave them a swirl. “There you go have a good look.”
All I heard was a loud “WooooooHOOOO.”
I walked passed them so all they could see was my butt then the buggers starting singing the song by sir mixalot

“I like big butts and I can not lie
You other brothers can't deny
That when a girl walks in with an itty bitty waist
And a round thing in your face
You get sprung
Wanna pull up tough
'cause you notice that butt was stuffed
Deep in the jeans she's wearing
I'm hooked and I can't stop staring
Oh, baby I wanna get with ya
And take your picture
My homeboys tried to warn me
But that butt you got
Make Me so horney.”
I started laughing and wiggling my butt as I walked back to camp. I started to get into this naked dare.
“So ladies (yeah), Ladies (yeah)
Do you wanna roll in my Mercedes (yeah)
Then turn around
Stick it out
Even white boys got to shout
Baby got back.”

I stuck out my butt for them. Then everybody laughed
The first thing I did when I got back was have myself another beer and true to their word the boys started gathering wood and cooking up some burgers.

I was actually really enjoying being naked when another truck went by to get to their campsite. I hunched over on the picnic table to cover myself then started to freak out.


Joanne's summer vacation pt2

“Hey guys I don’t think I can do this. I don’t want to be naked in front of anybody else.”
“Ha ha you kind of forgot about that when you made the deal.” Brent said

“You can’t back out now.” Said Keith who had a silly grin
“What if someone else comes over what am I going to do?”
“I don’t know pretend you are a nudist or something.” Jimmy said with a smirk

“Ahhh awwright , s**t why did I agree to this.”
“We are all glad you did, isn’t that right boys.” Said Jimmy
“Oh yeah.” They all said as they high fived each other.
“Ok fine as long as you don’t leave me alone.”
“That’s a promise.” Keith said as he held out his hand for me to shake it.

I shook his hand. I knew my friends would always have my back but I needed a bit reassuring since I am in this vulnerable state.

I had a few more beers and had a couple of burgers. Then I saw another truck go by on the trail to find their campsite. This time I didn’t hunch over and a couple of guys did a double take. I gave them a little wave as they went by. I thought to myself this is going to be one hell of a weekend.

Then a guy on an ATV quad came by and stopped at our site.
He went up to Jimmy. “Hey I am Mr Watson I am here to collect payment for the site.”

“Oh right yea just a minute. Hey guys we need to pay this guy for the site.” Jimmy said
I gulped and then slowly got up to go to my tent and get my money. I saw Mr Watson staring at me and then knew I would really show my ass to him as I bent over to crawl into my tent. I emerge from my tent and walked towards him and handed him the money.

He took my money and said “Are you ok miss. You are not coerced to be naked?” He said trying to assess what’s going on.

“No no I like being naked. Is it alright to be naked here?” I said hoping his answer would be yes so I wouldn’t get in any trouble.
“Actually you are not the first one to be naked nor will you be the last. As long as there is no trouble you can be naked as you want.” He said as he looked me up and down.
“Cool, thanks Mr Watson.”

As I watched Mr Watson ride away I heard Brent say “You like being naked.”
For some reason I got all embarrassed but said “Yes I do, I didn’t think I would but I find exhilarating. When Mr Watson showed I got excited to be naked in front of him.” Aw great why did I spill the beans and tell them that, it must have been the beer talking. Now they are going to want me naked all the time.

“Wow Jo really that’s cool.” Keith said
Jimmy gave me a knowing stare and smiled. I got up and bent over the cooler to get me another beer.
We spent the rest of the night chatting, playing music and drinking beer.

“Ok boys I think it is time for me to go to bed, good night.”
I stumbled into my tent and lay on top of my sleeping bag because it was hot. Then all of a sudden it was morning. Wow I really passed out. I rubbed my eye and scrawled out my tent then I had a real urge to pee. I had no other choice but to go behind the nearest tree. I rushed over to one and started to pee but what I didn’t realize was Brent had the same idea.

I couldn’t stop so he watched me pee and I watch him. He got finished before me and came over to me. I couldn’t be bothered if he watched or not because I had a hangover.

“Ok Jo, are you ready to have some more fun naked?” Brent said cheekily
I mumbled a “Yes”
“That’s the spirit ha ha.” Brent said as he went back to his tent.
I needed to clear my head so I got my toiletries and walked up the trail to the showers and washrooms.

I went alone and don’t Know why. In this ten minute hike I passed other campsites. Only one guy saw me as got out of his tent. I waved to him and kept on going. As I approached the building for the first time I saw a clearly defined male and female side. But I also saw that each side had an outside shower as well. I entered the female side to see what it was like but something made go and use the outside shower.

This being naked thing was taking me over. I turned on the shower and once it was warm I just put my head right under the water. It felt great but also naughty that someone might be watching me. I lathered up then I heard someone coming towards me. I turned around as I continued to lather up and saw that it was the guy that saw me as he got out of his tent.

“What do we have here? Aren’t you a sight for sore eyes?”
“Good morning, I hope you don’t mind?”
“No why would I mind. You don’t get to watch a beautiful girl shower outside every day.”

“I guess not, hi my name is Jo. I mean Joanna.”
“Hi I am Steve it is nice to meet you. Why are you naked anyway?”
“It was a dare so I have to stay naked all weekend.”
“Wow really that is awesome. I guess I will be seeing more of you so take care.” Steve said as he went into the male side of the washrooms.

I couldn’t believe I was showering naked outside and talking to a guy at the same time. What a rush I thought as I finished my shower.

As I walked back some of Steve’s friends waved at me. I smiled and waved back and held my chest out a little more.
When I got back Keith said “Where the hell did you get to?”
“I am sorry I went off on my own to have a shower.”

“Here’s some breakfast.”
“Thanks Keith I am starving.”
I sat down on the bench and ate my breakfast. The guys sat down and joined me then Brent asked “How are you liking it so far and are you up for a game of Frisbee?”
“I really enjoying it and sure it would be fun to play Frisbee.”

“Cool the open field is right by the washrooms.”
So the four of us walked up the trail to the field and I noticed more people were awake. I guess the word had got around because they all watched me as I walked by. I smiled and waved at them.

“Ah I see you like all this attention Jo.” Said Jimmy
“Yeah I have to admit I do.”
As we continued on the trail I thought to myself I really do like the attention. Why hadn’t I done this before, it was so exhilarating.

Eventually we got to the field and started tossing around the Frisbee. After a few minutes I noticed a few people standing around watching me. Then I saw some girls watching and started to feel uncomfortable.

One of the girls came up to me asked me in an angry tone why I was naked. So I told her that I was doing on a dare from my friends then she walked off and told her girlfriends.

Then a group of boys came by with a football and started tossing that around. Then someone mentioned that we all have a game of touch football.


Joanne's summer vacation pt3

We divided up everyone as best we could but the three girls wanted to be on the same team. The boys goaded the girl that came over to talk to me to go on my team who were playing skins. This girl whose name was Stacey would have none of it so her friend came to our side.

“Hi I am Jo it is nice to meet you.”
“Hi I am Paula. So we are the skins side.” She said as she looked me up and down.
Paula just had on a bikini but took it all off. I guess she didn’t know that it was just the top you were supposed to take off. Her friends and the boys were in shock to see her naked.

“You know Paula you were only supposed to take your top off.” I chuckled
“Oh my god, really? I thought umm no are you kidding. Aw well I was prepared to play naked anyway so let’s do this.” She laughed

I looked over at Stacey and she was shooting her friend evil looks. It was pretty funny to see she was angry now at two naked girls.
“Hey, Jo do you want to hike the ball?” Said Jimmy said with an evil grin

“What so you can touch my ass and all. OK fine.”
I bent over and Jimmy said in his best Borat impression “Mmm very nice.” Then his hands went between my legs.

It distracted me for a second then I hiked the ball. The pushing and shoving for position from the other players felt like I was getting groped. It was actually quite a turn on to have those hands on me. Then Jimmy tossed me the ball then I had two sets of hands quickly touch me as I caught the ball.

Jimmy kept throwing it to either Paula or me until we got a touchdown. As we gathered ourselves to defend against the other team Paula whispered to me “Wow this is really exciting playing football naked.”

“I know right.”
It was the other teams turn and the first throw was to Steve the guy I met earlier in the morning. I was quick enough to touch him to end his run. He was quite surprised at how fast I was then as he walked by me and gave me a playful smack on the ass.

“You bugger.”
Steve turned, smiled at me and ran back to the line of scrimmage. The next throw was to Stacy and it was easy for me to stop her but she wouldn’t acknowledge that I touched her so I kept running and grabbed the string of her bikini top. She dropped the ball when it broke and screamed, got mad and went off in a huff.

The whole group decided to play about another fifteen minutes without her. It was a blast getting touched and patted on the bum by the guys. We took a break to get some water or beer and I introduced myself to the other team. They all asked why I was naked so I told them why and they cheered.

I was getting to enjoy being naked more and more and I still had a couple of days to go. The Paula came over to me and asked “Have you seen my bikini anywhere?
“No, I don’t suppose Stacey took when she went off in a huff?”

“That bitch.” Paula said angrily
“I guess you are stuck being naked like me.” I chuckled
“Ha ha I guess so for now anyway.” She said with a smile
The football game didn’t resume, we all stood around drinking and chatting.

Jimmy came up to me “Hey Jo we have to go for a beer run, do you want come?”
I said good bye to the guys and Paula and walked back to our camp. We hopped in the truck and drove back to the gas station and convenience store. I felt like a bundle of nerves because I was away from the safe haven of the camp site.

When we arrived at the store Jimmy jokingly said “Do you want to come in the store?”
I just shook my head no and tilted the seat back and relaxed. Then there was a rap on the window which startled me out of my nap that I fell into.

I sat up and saw a bunch of guys around the truck. I opened the window and asked Jimmy what was going on.
“Come on get out of the truck.” Jimmy said
I did as he asked and all the guys cheered.
“Give them a little spin.”

There I was naked in a gas station parking lot give guys a better look by twirling around for them. It was such a thrill to be naked in front of guys I didn’t know and they even took pictures of me with their phones.

Keith jokingly said “I think we have created a monster.”
I smiled and thought he was right; I couldn’t get enough of exposing myself. We all hopped in the truck again and went back to the camp site. We drank some beer and had something to eat and relaxed.

Later on I wanted to go for a swim but the boys didn’t want to go so I made my way to lake. It was a wonderful feeling to be so exposed and in nature. When I got there I saw Steve and they both waved at me as I approached the dock. Paula swam to the ladder and climbed on the dock and noticed right away she was still naked. We hugged and then we both jumped in the water.

We started talking about being naked and Paula couldn’t believe how awesome it was. We splashed about the lake for a good hour then we went back to our respective campsites.
The rest of the night was just drinking beer and talking about the dares they going to get me to do or where they were going to get me to go naked. I was actually getting excited by their suggestions.

The next morning was rough for all of us because of all the beer we had drank. So we slowly made are way to the showers. The boys went in there side and took the outside one like last time. It took about ten minutes to come too then I started to feel better.

The boys came out and saw me showering.
“Aw nice one Jo, that is very hot.” Jimmy said
I gave the boys a smile then turned off the shower and walked back to camp with them. Then Jimmy said “What are you going to do after this weekend to get naked?”
“I have no idea but I do know I want to get naked again.”
“Cool.” Said all the boys and them smiled at me

I sat back in the lawn chair and thought about how awesome this weekend has been and knew I wanted more. Then I thought how I was going to do it when I got home. When my parents were away or out or over at my friend’s homes.

I must have been more tired than I thought because I nodded off for a bit I don’t know how long but I woke up by someone laughing. I opened my eyes and saw some of the guys we played football with looking at me. I looked down and saw my legs had spread open when I slept.

“Oh hey guys how’s it going.” I said as I still kept my legs spread open.
They all said their hello’s while steeling glances between my legs. I sat there while they chatted what they were going to do for the last night. Then they all decided to go for a beer run so they all took off and left me there.

As I sat there I had the sudden urge to play with myself. I took a quick look around and then let my hand slip between my legs. My orgasm came surprisingly quickly and powerful. After sitting there in the afterglow I decided to get up and take a hike around the lake.

As I walked along the trail I wondered why I didn’t do this before. The thrill of being naked was amazing so I had to find a way to be naked at home. After some time walking on the trail taking in the beautiful scenery I heard someone riding a Quad(ATV).


Joanne's summer vacation pt4

It was Mr Watson and he came up to me and stopped.
“Wow how’s my favourite naked customer?” Mr Watson said with a cheek grin

“She is doing great.” I said as I struck a pose
“What are you doing a way out here?”
“I was thinking of walking around the lake.”
“Oh that will take basically all day to do that.”
“I guess I won’t be doing that then.”
“I can give you a lift back to your campsite if you want.”
“Thanks.” I said as I hopped on the back

As we rode down the trail, I don’t what happened but the bumps and vibration of the engine set off an orgasm. It took a bit of effort to keep quiet and to hang on to him until the orgasm subsided. We got to my campsite I thanked him but I had trouble getting off the Quad because my legs were to a little shaky.

I finally got off the Quad without falling and gave Mr Watson a peck on the cheek but as he was about to take off I glanced down at the seat and saw a huge wet spot. I got a little embarrassed that he was going to find the wet spot later.

All the boys wondered where I was and what was going on with Mr Watson. They handed me a beer and someone started pumping the music. The party did start kind of early but the boys bought lots of beer to last. Paula came by and she and I put on a sexy dance together and the boys cheered.

I got so hammered I just remember crawling into my tent but the next morning I kind of came too and noticed I was spooning Paula. I closed my eyes and went back to sleep again. I awoke again to see Paula smiling at me.

“Hey sleepy head.” She said and then gave me a kiss
This was the first time being kissed by someone. I hadn’t even had sex yet but the kiss seemed right so I kissed her back. This was the moment I found out I liked girls and boys and Paula and I became really good friends(BFF), We ended up playing and having fun with each other. We emerged from my tent to find the boys still passed out so Paula and I headed for the showers.

We had fun washing each other and getting each other off then we went back to camp to see the boys slowly coming too. We made some breakfast then we said our good byes and I exchanged numbers with Paula. We started packing up and getting ready to go home. Once we were done Keith said “Aren’t you forgetting something?”

I laughed because I had packed up all my clothes. I got out my shorts and T-shirt but didn’t put them and just put them in the truck for easy access.

We had to stop at the gas station and get some gas and dared me to pump it naked while he went in to get some snack for the drive home. I got out like it was normal and filled the tank. I got stares from people that were doing the same but I just waved and smiled at them. I was thinking that this might be my last time being naked in public.

The boys dared me to flash truckers on the way home which I did with joy. As we entered my street I quickly put on my clothes. It felt weird but I had to so Mom wouldn’t see me naked. Mom came out and greeted us and asked how the weekend was and we all replied it was awesome.

That night I laid in my naked for the first time thinking about the weekend of being without clothes. I had to find a way to continue this new love affair of being naked. I phoned Paula and had a long chat with her then I fell asleep.

The next morning I laid there wondering how and when to tell my parents I like to be naked. Then I got up and had a shower then went down stairs in just a towel. I had my breakfast with my mom and we just sat there and didn’t say anything.

Then mom hears the garbage truck come up the street.
“Oh no I forgot about the long weekend the garbage truck coming today. Quick Jo, help me put the bins out.”

I was about to say something that I was in my towel but thought this would be a perfect opportunity to drop my towel. My mom and I grabbed the first bin and we each had a handle and took it out to the curb. I felt the towel slipping a little bit then we got the other bin and by then the garbage truck was at our neighbour’s bins so we hurried. My towel dropped half way to the curb but I pretended not to notice. By the time we got the curb the truck was there and the garbage man was about to grab the bin but saw me and stopped to take a look.

He grabbed the bin then dumped it and handed to me and that is when mom noticed that I was naked. She shrieked and then got handed the other bin. We made our way back and I grabbed my towel on the way and then put the bins back in their place.

Mom started laughing that I flashed the garbage man. “I bet that made his day.”
“It sure did mom I bet he wants to see me again.”
Mom couldn’t stop laughing at what happened so didn’t notice I didn’t cover myself with my towel. I was sitting naked with my mom eating my breakfast. I got up to get another cup of coffee then she noticed I was still naked.
“Aren’t you going to cover up honey?”

So here was my chance to test the waters to see if I can be naked even for a little while.
“Is it alright if I stay like this?” Hoping she would say yes
“Umm I guess so if you are comfortable.”
“Thanks mom.”
That was a bit of surprise but how long could I stay naked, so I sipped my coffee slowly and surfed the net on my tablet. I got myself an extra piece of toast to prolong breakfast and think of what I was going to do all day.
I asked my mom what she was going to do today and she said “Some baking and maybe some gardening.”
“Can I help I am doing nothing today?”
“Sure let’s make it a mother daughter day.”
“So what are we doing first?”
“Some baking.”
“Ok so what are we baking?” I said as I got up to get some baking utensils
“A cake and some cookies.” Mom said looking at me with a quizzical look

After we had finished baking and we sat down again for a break I could see my mom’s was trying to figure out why I was being naked because I have never done it before.

I was thinking of something to say but I had nothing so I blurted out a half-truth before mom had a chance to ask.
“You are wondering why I am still naked aren’t you well I forgot my bathing suit this weekend so I had to go skinny dipping and I actually liked being naked.” I said leaving out that I spent the whole weekend naked.

“Ok honey, were the boys good?”
“Yes mom the boys were good.”
“So what are you saying honey you want to be naked around here all the time?”
I almost chickened out but I took a big breath and said “Yes.”
“I guess I am ok with it but I don’t know about your father.”


Joanne's summer vacation pt5

I grabbed a cool drink and went outside to the back deck.
“Wow wait a minute I thought you meant just in the house what if someone sees you?”

“it’s ok mom there is no need to panic our fence is high enough plus our neighbours aren’t on either side of us.” I said hoping to calm her down.
“uhh ok I just don’t want our neighbours seeing you prance around naked.”

“Ok that’s fine nobody will know.” I said trying not to push my luck
After working on my tan for a while I got dressed before my father came home. Only when my parents were away or when mom was just home is when I got naked.

Two weeks later Jimmy called and said he needed someone to help finish building this house.
“So what will I be doing and for how long?”
“A bit of painting, some clean up and odds and ends for a day, maybe something extra.”
“What’s this something extra?”
“You’ll see.” Jimmy said with a chuckle. “So are you in?”
“Sure I’m in, so when do I start?”

“I will pick you up tomorrow Jo. See you later.”
This little something extra was playing on my mind the rest of the day. Just what could it be?

The next morning I got ready and waited for Jimmy on the front step to pick me up. As soon as I saw Jimmy pull in the driveway I quickly got up and got in his car.
When I got in his car the first thing out of my mouth was “What is this something extra?”

Jimmy chuckled “Don’t hit me but I promised the guys you would work naked.”
I was in total shock I didn’t know what to say or do.
“So do you want to work naked?” Jimmy said

Just going about the house naked didn’t have the same thrill as when we went camping so I nervously said “Yes.”
“Cool, the guys are going to love this.”
When we pulled up to the work site my nerves almost got the better of me but I took a big breath and open the car door and went in the house to meet the guys.

A guy in a white hard hat came up to me and said “Hi my name is Matt you must be our naked helper.”
I coughed a little and nervously said “Yes I am your naked helper.”

Matt sensed my nervousness and said “Look there is nothing to worry about; you are here to help and be something pretty to look at while we all work. Jimmy said you love to get naked.”
I looked at jimmy and knew this was a dare he wanted me to do. It seems I have been the one to do all the dares since the camping trip.

So right there in the middle of six guys I began to take my clothes off. Then I see one guy go and turn up the radio so I guess they wanted a show. I did my best to do it as sexy as I could but I struggled to get my jeans off and my panties came down with them. I put my boots back on then I whipped off my t-shirt and threw it at Matt. Then I took off my bra and spun it around my head.

All the guys cheered then Matt came over with a hard hat and some gloves for me. It was an amazing feeling to be the only one naked again.

So right off the bat one guy who’s name was Carl wanted me to go up a ladder to clean a window while he held it joke. I knew he wanted to have a good look at my ass so I obliged. So after the first hour they all had their little jokes and had a good look at me, eventually it sort of went back to normal.

It was so enjoyable to be naked I wanted it to be my normal attire. I even thanked Jimmy for setting this whole thing up.
When having lunch with the guys it was laugh even though they got a little crude by wanting me to sit with my legs apart.

By the end of the day I was all sweaty and dirty but I felt so good. I hugged all the guys to say thank you and good bye and got in the truck. When we were half way home Jimmy said “Did you forget something?”

“No Why.”
“Are you sure you didn’t forget anything?” Jimmy said as he looked at my tits
“Oh s**t I forgot my clothes.”
Jimmy started laughing his ass off at the idea of me forgetting my clothes.

“What’s your mom going to say when you show up naked?”
“I don’t know but she does know I like being naked.”
“She knows, that’s cool.”
When Jimmy dropped me off no one was home which I was kind of glad about so I go to get my house key but I couldn’t find it. I panic and run down the end of my driveway to see if I could catch Jimmy but I miss him and just see him turn around the corner.

Just as I curse the situation I am in I see old Mr Russo look at me and wave. Oh no I promised mom I wouldn’t let the neighbours see me naked.

Mr Russo starts to walks over towards me then asks “What the hell is going on here?”
“Look Mr Russo I am locked out of my house. Can we have this conversation out of sight from the other neighbours?”
“Come over to my house.” He said and walked towards his home
I cursed myself again and followed him. I enter his house and he led me to his kitchen and told me to take a seat.

“Do you want a cup of tea?”
“Umm ok Mr Russo.”
He put water in the kettle and placed on the stove then came and sat down at the table.
“So let me ask this again what the hell is going on?”
“You mean why am I naked?”
“Yes precisely why is a young woman like yourself out in public naked?”

I had no answer for him but to say “I like being naked.”
“Do your parents know you like this?”
I said “Yes.” But I didn’t say that my father didn’t know.
“So if I go over and ask your mom everything would be ok?”
He had me so I told him “Look Mr Russo I promised my mom I wouldn’t let our neighbours see me naked. Now I am screwed now that you saw me because I have this obsession with being naked. So please don’t tell my mom.”

Mr Russo didn’t say a word he just looked at me then got up to pour the tea. He brought the tea over then he said “I won’t tell your mom if you come over tomorrow night and be the naked hostess for my weekly poker night.”
Being a naked hostess intrigued me so I said “Yes.”


Joanne's summer vacation pt6

“That’s great it is going to be the best poker night ever. Now give us a little twirl so we can have a good look at you.”

I stood up and gave him a twirl then sat down and chatted while having some tea. I told him about the camping trip and he found the story fascinating.

When I found out my mom was home I said my goodbyes to Mr Russo and then tried to sneak into the house. I quickly and quietly went up the stairs and jumped in the shower. When I was finished I towelled off and went downstairs naked.

“So how was your job today Jo?”My mom said still giving that why are you naked look.
“It was good. We got everything all finished.”
I started helping mom make dinner when she said “Your father is coming home soon, do you think you should get some clothes on?”

“Ok mom, I will go get dressed.”
Just as I was about to go upstairs the front door open and in stepped my father. He had this shocked look on his face so I quickly said “Hi dad.” Then walked passed him to go to my bedroom.

I became all worried and started fretting over what my dad was going to do to me. I must have paced about my bedroom for about ten minutes before he came up to my room. The funny thing is with all my fretting I forgot to get dressed so when my dad came up he was still taken aback.

“I am sorry dad I didn’t mean for you to see me like this.” I said as I started to cry
“It’s ok honey, mom told me everything. Look I am not too sure about it but I am not going to stop you if you like being naked so you can stop your worrying.”

“Really dad you are not mad at me?”
“No honey you are a good kid. If it makes you happy to be naked so be it.”
I went over and hugged and thanked my dad.
“Ok honey see you later for dinner.” He said and went back down stairs.

I flopped on to my bed and thought about what happened. Now I am able to go about the house naked like I wanted too. Now though I felt guilty for letting Mr Russo see me because of what I promised mom.

I got the call for dinner and slowly made my way down to the kitchen. It felt a little awkward being naked in front of both parents but it soon wore off as we got talking at eating dinner as usual. Then I had to ask just confirmation “So you guys are ok with me being naked around the house?”

“Yes honey, it is just you and us, now that your brothers have moved out. Plus you were always dressing like boy but now you are showing off your womanly curves although to the extreme.” My mom said with a smile

“Thanks guys, ummm but what if one of our neighbours accidentally sees me?”
With a quizzical look my dad said “Has anyone seen you?”
I sheepishly said “Yes Mr Russo has.”
“Look honey I just don’t want you getting into trouble because you want to be naked. I am just concerned for your safety that’s all, so if no trouble comes of it then its ok.” My mom said as she reached out to grab my hand.
“Thanks mom, I will be careful.” I said now feeling less guilty

When dinner was over I kind of vegged out in front of the Tv and felt great being clothes free. Then I grabbed my tablet and surfed the internet about exhibitionism and nudism and places to get naked in public. Then I came across world naked bike ride and found out there was going to be one in my city on the weekend.

I couldn’t stop thinking about the rest of the night as I clicked through lots of pictures of girls riding naked in public. I took my tablet to bed and read more as in where to meet up and what to bring. I texted my friend Paula to see if she would like to do it and she texted back yes.
We texted back and forth for about an hour about how much fun it was going to be and how we couldn’t wait to do it.

The next morning I had the house to myself so I had my breakfast out on the deck and enjoyed the fresh breeze on my naked. After that I went into the garage to clean my bike and see if it was in working order. I sat on my bike to imagine being out on the street and noticed how the seat fit between my legs and thought this was going to be a fun ride.

I got the idea of putting on my bikini and going for a bike ride. Even though it was a regular bikini I imagined myself naked as I rode. I got a few honks from cars and some stares but that was it then I upped the ante and fix my bikini to have my left boob fall out and bunch my bottoms to show more of my ass.

It was fun to pretend that I didn’t know I was flashing my boob to everyone. I so wanted to be naked already but didn’t want to get into trouble. When I got home I went straight out to the back deck to do some sun bathing.

I got my tablet again to find ideas or ways to expose myself or wear as little clothing as possible without getting into trouble and then went upstairs to have a look at my wardrobe. All I had was a couple of old pairs of jeans since I had no real girly stuff so I altered them and made cut off shorts. One pair I think I cut too much off because when I bent over to see in the mirror, I was exposing quite a bit.

I went back out to the deck again to soak up more sun but ended up falling asleep. I awoke sometime later and groggily got up and went inside but as soon as I hit the living room I saw my dad with another guy talking.

“I am sorry honey I thought no one was home.” My dad said looking a little horrified and then began to apologize to the guy.
I turned to quickly go up upstairs but the guy said “You don’t need to leave on my account.”
I stopped and turn around to introduce myself “hi I am Jo his daughter. I am sorry I interrupted your meeting and for the way I am dressed or not dressed.” I chuckled and then glanced over to my dad who was still wide eyed with shock.
He got up and shock hands with me and introduced himself as Mr Jones.

“Well Mr Jones would you like some coffee?”
“Um sure.” He said as he gave a look to my dad
“Cool I will be right back.”
I went to the kitchen and made the coffee then made my way back to the living room. I could see that dad still had a shocked look on his face as I sat the coffees down.

“I suppose you are still wondering why I am still naked; it is because I am a nudist, so everything is ok Mr Jones.” I said trying to smooth over things for my dad.
He just shook his head and looked at my dad. I left them and got myself a coffee and went back to the deck and had a bit of a chuckle about the situation.

After about thirty minutes Mr Jones came out to say good bye and thanks for the coffee. I see my dad give a little shrug at me and then escorted him to the front door.

A few minutes later dad came back and I thought I was going to get an ear full about being naked but I was pleasant surprised. He thanked me because he sealed the deal with his new client who he knew was going to be difficult. He jokingly said he might have to get mom naked too and we both laughed.

Now I took another sip of my coffee and laid back and thought about what just happened with Mr Jones. Then my thoughts wondered to being the hostess of Mr Russo’s poker night and I got the urge to touch myself. I quietly and discreetly as I could I got myself off so my dad wouldn’t catch me. I didn’t take long and then I took another sip of coffee and continued working on my tan.

It was time to go over to Mr Russo’s and I was getting a little nervous. I wanted to seek over to his house naked but my parents were still downstairs. The wait was agonizing but finally my parents went to bed so I quietly made my way down the stairs and out the front door.
“Wow I didn’t expect you to show up naked but wow.” Mr Russo’s said as he looked me up and down.


Joanne's summer vacation pt7

As he led me to the kitchen He Said “let me introduce you to the guys.”
I froze as soon as I made eye contact with my favourite teacher from high school. I didn’t know what to do but die of embarrassment.

“Wow Jo I didn’t recognize you with your clothes off.” Mr Schulz said and burst out laughing.
He always had a way of easing tension and he made me start to relax and be myself.

It turned out to be a great night. I served the guys drinks and I had a few too. I actually sat on my teachers lap and joked about doing something to pass his class. When the night was over they all asked if I was going to be at the next poker night. I teased them and acted all coy and said maybe, then I hugged them good night.

The next morning all I could think of was the naked bike ride. I looked at the jean shorts I made and decided to put on the ones I took too much material off. I looked at my bikini top and took out the lining because I wanted my nipples to show. Like last time I pretended I was naked riding through the streets.

As I was ridding I knew my ass was on display but what I didn’t know was what little material I had in front of my shorts had bunched up and went between my lips. I stopped off at a convenience store to get a drink and when I looked down to put my hand in my pocket to get money that is when I noticed how much I was displaying to the clerk. I smiled at the clerk as I paid for my drink.

I had my drink outside the store and bent over my bike to pretend to check it out just to tease the clerk. I knew he would be checking out my ass. When I finished my drink I adjust the front strings of my bikini top to make loose so my tits would work their way out of my top on the ride home.
I did seem to be obsessed with exposing myself but it was such a thrill. By the time I got home my tits were out of my bikini. Mr Russo was out on his front lawn and saw me coming with everything pretty much on display. I waved to him then put my bike back in the garage.

My mom saw me come in the door and she had this shocked look on her face.
“You went cycling in that outfit?” My mom said
“Yea mom I am getting in some practice for tomorrows world naked bike ride.”

“Really there is such a thing. So everyone is naked riding a bike through the streets?”
“Yes mom, well most everyone is naked. It is held in a lot of cities around the world.”
“So no one gets arrested for exposing themselves?”
“No they don’t. Why all the questions, do you want to ride with me?” I said hoping my mom would say yes
“Umm aahh maybe.” My mom said shyly.

“A cool.” I said with a shriek. “Do you want to go out and practice right now?”
“I don’t know, I am sure you dad will approve.”
“Don’t worry about dad.” I said as I grabbed my mom’s hand and led her upstairs

I threw her my other cut offs and my other bikini top. My mom’s tits are bigger than mine so they were falling out of the top already. Then we went to the garage to get our bikes.

“Honey I am not sure about this, our neighbours are going to see us.”
“Someone of our neighbours are going to see tomorrow all naked anyway. So it is ok mom.”
So Jo and her mom headed out on the streets. Jo’s mom kept stopping every few minutes to put her tits back in her top.
“Hey mom it is ok, pretend you don’t notice they are hanging out.”

“Are you sure honey?”
“Yes mom it is ok.”

Jo was smiling as she rode behind her mom and seeing her state of dress. As they got to the same convenience store Jo said to her mom “Don’t adjust your top.”
My mom fought every urge to adjust her top but she did it. She walked right in and got herself a cool drink. When she went to pay for it she saw the clerk looking at her tits then she cracked a joke.

“Is one of my tits out or something?”
I began to laugh as the clerk just shook his head yes. Then my mom looked down and said”Oh the girls are out.” Then put them back in her top.

As we drank our drink outside the store my mom kept whispering to me that he was still looking and that this was such a thrill.

I chuckled at mom that she was willing to do this with me.
“You know we are going to be naked in this store tomorrow?”
“Really honey I thought it was just for the event?”
“Yes it is but I want to cycle home naked from the event and stop here for the drink.”

“Don’t you think you should let him know just in case?” I don’t want any trouble. The way we are dressed now is fine but completely naked is another matter.”
“Yea you are right mom.” I said as I went back into the store.

“Can I ask you a question?”
“Umm yes sure.” He said as he gave a little cough
“Look my mom and I are practicing for the naked bike ride which is tomorrow. I was planning on riding home naked and maybe stopping here for a drink. Would that be ok if we came in here naked to get some drinks?”

There was a long pause as he looked me up and down. He gave a cough again then said “Sure but can I have a preview?”
“Ok but let me get my mom.” I said as I went to get my mom
“Hey mom he wants a preview of what it is going to be like tomorrow.”

The look on my mom’s face was priceless. “He wants us to strip in the store right now?”
“Yep, are you up for it?” I said with a smile
We both stepped in the store and stripped off and walked naked to the coolers to grab some more drinks. We put the drinks on the counter.

“There how was that?”
The clerk was basically speechless but he managed to say” That was cool, hope to see you tomorrow.”
We both laughed at the situation and put what little clothes we had back on. We got back on our bikes and rode home. Everything was basically showing for both of us and when we got to our street and sure enough Mr Russo was out on his front lawn again doing something.

What really surprised me was my mom stopped and talked to him. Just standing there with her tits out and having a major camel toe and talking to a neighbour was a sight to be seen.

When they finished talking and we went inside I said “Wow mom you sure have got the hang of it.
“I know honey.” She said with a laugh
“Hey mom, are you going to stay naked when dad comes home?”
“Sure why not, it has been an exciting day so far.” She said with a smirk

This was so cool that my mom was joining me in my adventures. Tomorrow was going to be a great day with Paula, my mom and myself doing the naked bike ride.
When my dad came home and saw mom naked he grabbed her hand and went upstairs. I texted Paula about what happened and she got all excited about the ride.


Joanne's summer vacation pt8

The next morning I got up early to get ready. The ride was for 10am at Heath park downtown but it was only 7am. I was raring to go but I busied myself with trying to figure out what to wear. I got a t-shirt and made a low cut in the front a slit in the back and front at the bottom.

Mom saw what I was doing and joined in and made her own t-shirt. Dad sat back with a cheesy grin and watched as he polished up his camera.

Then Paula arrived and she saw what my mom and I were wearing and wanted the same thing. All three of us posed as my dad took pictures for this momentous occasion.
We rode up and down the street to see how the t-shirts worked out. Everything was on display as we liked it. Now it was time to go so we got on our bikes but then we see dad get his bike out to join us. Dad followed us to Heath Park. As soon as we got there all three of us stripped off our one piece of clothing and tied the t-shirt to the handle bars.

We look over at dad to see what he was going to do. He was talking pictures of us and then he gives us this look like he doesn’t want to do it but takes off his shorts anyway. This was my first time seeing dad naked but I could see that he was embarrassed. He put his hands in front of him to cover himself. He came even more embarrassed when he came excited and couldn’t hide it anymore.

“Dad it’s ok, just relax and have fun and enjoy the ride.”
“I am sorry honey this is my first time.”
“No worries dad.”
Before the ride got on the way dad was hiding himself with his bike. Then we were off and he hopped on quick and began peddling. It was such a blast to ride through down totally naked. I couldn’t get enough of the thrill it was real turn on. After I complete circle around town and back to Heath Park to finish the ride we hung out naked except for dad who quickly put on his shorts.

Dad took more pictures of us and we also posed for pictures for other guys. After that things started to disperse so we thought it was time to see if we could make it home naked. It was only a 15 minute ride with the stop at the store.
So we were all in agreement to ride home naked so we set off. We eventually made it to the store and the clerk was pleased to see us. We wondered about the store taking our time to prolong he experience. We event had our drinks inside. We posed with the clerk as my dad took pictures then we exchanged emails to so we could send him the pictures.

We headed back home but on our way a cop pulled us over. My heart sank thinking that we were in big trouble.
He got out of his car and said “Hey guys I take it you guys were at the naked bike ride. You were only meant to be naked at the event.”

“I am sorry officer, oh hey Mike.” I said as I just recognized him from Mr Russo’s poker night
“Jo it is nice to see you. Are these your sisters?”
I looked back at mom and dad who were now starting to panic and said “No it is my mom and friend Paula and that is my dad. Are you going to charge us Mike?”
“No I am not Jo. Just be careful next time.”

I could see the relief in my mom and dad’s face and Paula’s.
“Look Jo after the other night I know you like to get naked so here is some advice, you are actually allowed to go topless but you must have some sort of covering for the genital area. It can be skimpy as hell but it must be covered.”

“Cool Mike that’s good to know. Now I will be practically naked all the time now.” I laughed
“Good one Jo. It will be a pleasure to see you around town. Ok see you guys later make you way home quickly.”
“See you Mike.” I said with a sigh of relief
“Holy that was a close one honey.” Mom and Dad said in unison.

Paula wiped her brow in a sign of relief. When we got home we all talked about the experience and now the boundaries we have to set out in public. The whole experience was a joy and hoped to do it again next year.

We were all naked for dinner that night and it became a regular thing after that. Paula stayed over and we both looked online for the skimpiest bottoms we could find.
The next morning Paula and I had the idea to take Mikes advice and to just wear panties and walk around the shops down town. We decided to walk from home to test out Mike’s advice and he was right one cop drove by and turned on his siren for a split second and kept on driving.

“This is awesome.” I said to Paula
“Yea it is. Do you want to see if we can find some really skimpy panties or bikini?”
“That is a good idea.”
It was so surreal walking about down town going from shop to shop in just a pair of panties. Finally we found a shop that sold underwear and bikinis.
“Can I help?” Said the shop assistant
“Sure we are looking for your skimpiest underwear or bikinis.”

“Do you know that you are topless?” asking a stupid question
“Yea we do. It is legal to go topless in public.”
“Really I didn’t know that but I wouldn’t have the guts to do it.”

“No worries just point us to your skimpiest panty section.”
“Oh yea sorry they are right over here.”
She left Paula and me alone to look through them. We found several pairs each then we went to the pay for them.
“Wow you really did pick the skimpiest ones.”
“I know.” I chuckled

As soon as we paid for them we picked a pair to wear home and changed right in front of shop assistant.
“It looks like you have to shave.” Paula laughed
The shop assistant just stood in amazement at what happened. We said good bye and headed home. Our new panties made us that much closer to be naked in public.


As the summer went on I was either naked or wearing just skimpy panties or bikini bottoms. I became very well known around town. The same clothing store I brought my panties was looking for help so I applied. I just wore my panties and the owner recognized who I was and almost didn’t hire me but I convinced her I would be a good employee. After that I got a staff discount on the skimpiest panties.

Melany who sold me my first pairs of panties she was in charge of me. We became pretty close friends and after a while I managed to persuade her to go topless. It was difficult at first and she would just work in her bra but eventually I had to sneak behind her and undo her bra. She screamed at first and grabbed the front of her bra but I slowly pulled at it.

It took her a little while to get used to being topless but eventually she did come around until the owner showed up and she freaked out and ran to the bathroom. I thought I was in trouble but she was in a happy mood.
“Ah I see you are trying to get her to work topless.”
“Yea she is a bit timid but she will come around. So you are ok with her working topless too?
“Yea I am, sales have actually gone up which is cool. I don’t know if it has to do with you being topless or you are a good at sales.”


Joanne's summer vacation pt9

The owner knocked on the door and demanded that Melany come out. She sheepishly came out of the bathroom and hung her head in shame.

“Look Melany you are not in trouble I would actually like you to dress like Jo.”
“You would?”
“Yes, so put your hands down at yours side.” Then she went over and grabbed a pair of skimpy panties. “Here put these on.”

Melany slowly but reluctantly took off her skirt then it took her a couple of moments to have the courage to take off her panties. She had never worn skimpy panties and now she was it was the only clothing she would wear. She quickly took her panties off and put on the new ones.

The owner made her look at herself in the mirror to show her how hot she looked. She raised her head and gazed at herself. Then she looked over at me then back at herself then a smile came across her face.

“Are you ok Melany?” The owner said
“Yes I am.” she said with a smile still on her face
“Good, now I was coming over here to talk about sales but now I don’t think I have to so keep up the good work.” She said and left the store

“Look at you. How does it feel to be half naked?”
“I think I know why you like being like this.”
From then on Melany dressed like me and the sales kept going up in the store.

Then one day my guys friends decided to come over to see how I was doing. I answered the door naked to the surprise of the guys except Jimmy. We all went into the kitchen then I realized I forgot to tell mom they were coming over. It was a bit of a shock to her to be naked in front of the boys.

“Wow, Mrs Anderson you are looking good.” Jimmy said with a smirk.
“Thank you Jimmy.” She said all embarrassed.
It took a little bit to get over the embarrassment but she began to relax and began to mother them like always like getting them something to drink.
We sat and chatted outside on the deck and first thing question that came from the boys was when my mother became a nudist. I laughed at them and said “I convinced her to go and that naked bike ride and she enjoyed it.”

“That is great Jo I guess I will have to come over more often.” Laughed Brent
My mom came out to give them their drinks.
“There you go boys.”
“Hey Mrs Anderson give us a little swirl.” Jimmy said with a cheeky smile

“Ok boys are you ready.” She said and swirled around for them
“Ok Jo, do you want to go to the ice cream shop?”
“Sure I would love some ice cream?”
The boys said their goodbyes to mom and went to the truck. I went upstairs to get a pair of panties. The look on the boy’s faces was priceless, just seeing me get into the truck with just panties on. I had to tell them it is legal to walk around like this and do it at my new job. They couldn’t believe it but they were getting a kick out of it.

Sitting around at the ice cream shop with my friends was a blast. Just watching people’s reaction was so much fun.
“That camping trip really changed you and for the better I think.” Keith said

“I think so indeed. I never thought I would be sitting here likes about a month ago. It so freeing I would even take these panties off if it were legal for me to do so.”
“What are you going to do after summer is over? What about college?”
“I don’t know yet but I still have a whole month left and I want to be as naked as I can.”
“Maybe we should go camping again.” Brent said
“That would be an awesome idea.”
----------------
The rest of summer was just me naked as possible. From work to around town, home and the poker nights at Mr Russo’s. Mom was just as naked as me. Then we had a surprise visit from my older brothers it was a shock to everyone but we managed to get over it. As for college I dropped by the one I wanted to go to and see if they accept my dress code. They were hesitant at first but I quoted the law that Officer Mike said to quote. So it looks like I am going to college practically naked and maybe be on some sports teams. Jimmy and I became boyfriend, girlfriend. He loved that I was naked all the time.
So that is how I spent my summer vacation.
