Author: mypenname3000
Title: Futa Harem vs the Demon Lord Chapter Twenty-Four: Futa Spells! Casting Naughty & Hot Magic
Summary: To get to the Spring of Maidenly Oozes, Brigida will have to cast one naughty spell powered by lots of futa-cum!
Keywords: hhh hhhh hhhhh inc oral anal DP exhib monster tentacle orgy 1st breed fantasy gamelit magic

Copywrite 2021

Visit my blog at http://mypenname3000.com

Note: Thanks to my wonderful beta readers!

Virginia Homewood

I was eager to head out the next day. I held onto Saffron's leash, keeping a good grip on my twin sister. She wouldn't be able to sneak off at all as we headed from the poor Fortress of Narindar where the pit fiend, working with that cunt Surexila, had butchered all the human defenders.

Futa-soldiers who didn't have Brígida and her awesome futa-mages to watch out for them. Luckily, I did. I would make sure that everything would work out fine for my girls. They would not fall into that fate. I would get strong.

In the Stony Teat Mountains lying before us was the first step in my road to becoming strong. Powerful. Powerful enough to overcome anything that held me back. I would bathe with the Maidenly Oozes and, presumably, let them ravish my body with gooey tentacles or something.

“I bet it's just like in hentai,” I heard Velvet say. The blonde futa-mage, her glasses gleaming on her nose, walked with Brígida.

“Oh, definitely,” said Brígida.

“Do you think we'll get to bathe in the pool, too?” asked Mio, another futa-mage.

“Ooh, don't tell me you want to bathe in the pool,” Brígida said. “That's naughty, Mio.”

“Yeah, so naughty,” said Saffron. “Mmm, just getting molested by all those oozes.”

“Tako,” whimpered Mio. I had no idea what she said. It wasn't taco, though it sort of sounded like it. I just couldn't believe that is what she meant.

“Someone's got a thing for tentacles,” said Felipa. “I know what that word means. You Japanese love that stuff. There's that famous woodcarving of the woman with a tako. Just getting all molested.”

Mio nodded.

“You're so getting molested, Virginia,” Saffron said as she walked before me, her futa-dick safely inserted into her pussy. I was more than a little jealous of that ability.v
“You're so brave to do this,” Willow whispered. My futa-dryad walked beside me. “Oozes can be so temperamental. If they don't like you, they'll drown you.”

“Who doesn't like our queen?” Lada asked from where she walked up front in her bronzewood armor.

“Surexila,” Saffron said, “Vixen, Ella, Akane, Akane's bitches, the teachers, Mayra, her drama club, and three cunts who all think they're the real goddesses.”

“And the Demon Lord,” I whispered. The figure on the skull throne had been in my dreams. She had someone kneeling beside her. I never could see the face, but the collar...

I glanced at my sister and swallowed. She wore a collar. And a chain. Was I making her into the Demon Lord's bitch. Was that why I was trying so hard to save her, just running through those corridors to free my submissive twin sister?

I had to keep my Saffron alive I had to protect her. That was the most vital thing in the world. I would not fail at it. I would keep her alive. It was my duty. I had to be ready to protect her. I wasn't losing her. I wasn't losing anyone.

I glanced over at Joann. She was walking along with a smile on her face. She had faint, white scars on her belly from the pit fiend. She felt my eyes on her. She smiled at me, her brown hair swaying about her shoulders. She was a petite thing.

I held out my hand to her. 

Beaming, she took my free hand and held it. She had a deep blush on her cheeks as she walked before me. The blood started engorging her futa-cock. It grew thicker and longer as we headed down the road. We were heading into the foothills, the Stony Teats growing taller and taller. 

Those rocky boobs reached into the sky. It would be another day or two before we reached the pool. I wanted to get there today, but we were moving as fast as we could. The priestesses would keep us going, using revitalizing magic to refresh us.

A hunger started to build in my stomach as we kept walking. The sun was rising higher, but Ivara's light wasn't burning our naked flesh. Aria had prayed to the Sun Goddess, and she answered. She really loved my Aria. 

“How are you feeling?” I asked Joann as we kept walking. Wispy, blue clouds drifted above us.

“Good, good,” she said. “Aria patched me up and then fucked me hard. Trust me, cumming on her big, Black futa-dick makes everything seem great.”

“Yes, it does,” I told her, squeezing her hand. “I'm very proud of you, Joann. I love you.”

The effect on my concubine was devastating. She squealed in delight, her futa-dick twitching with her excited heartbeat. I beamed at her, so glad to give her this boost. She was so cute. I would just do this for her all day long. 

In another hour, as we reached a grove of ash trees, Aria called a halt for lunch. She shouted at her priestesses to start putting sandwiches together. I hummed in delight, glad that we would be getting fed. But I wasn't sure I could wait that long.

I fell to my knees before Joann and held her cock with my free hand, my other hand gripping the leash. I wanted to make sure that my twin sister wasn't sneaking off. And the best way to do that was to give her a naughty command she couldn't resist.

“Saffron, fuck my ass,” I purred. “Your futa-cock has marinated in your pussy long enough to be pretty lubed.”

“Ooh, it has, sis!” I could hear the excitement in her voice as I leaned forward to suckle on Joann's cock. “I'm going to ass-fuck the hell out of you. Sister ass is the best ass!”

Joann giggled. I winked at her and opened my mouth wide. I slid my lips over her wonderful girl-cock. I sealed around her shaft, the spicy aroma of her pussy filling my nose. It was a heavenly scent. I loved it. I felt so naughty, my cunt on fire.

I suckled on her. I bobbed up and down with my mouth. She groaned, her head snapping back. She tossed her head from side to side, her small boobs quivering. The salty flavor of her precum filled my mouth. Such a yummy delight.

My twin sister's lubed futa-dick slid into my butt-crack. It was so hot that she was my sex slave and wife now. It was so naughty. An incestuous thrill ran through me as her juicy tip found my asshole. She pressed right against my backdoor and drilled against it.

“Ooh, here I come,” Saffron groaned.

I groaned around the cock in my mouth. I suckled on it, loving the taste of Joann's precum. I quivered, Saffron's futa-dick pushing against my asshole. My anal ring widened and widened to swallow her lubed tip. Her spongy crown popped into my bowels.

My pussy clenched and futa-dick twitched. I squealed in delight around Joann's shaft as my twin's girl-cock sank into my bowels. The heat melted down to my cunt and warmed my ovaries. They had such a wonderful load of cum brimming in them.

“Let's have that perimeter set up!” Lada shouted in the background. “Kali, do a loop around the area. Willow, what do the trees say!”

“That there's nothing that has disturbed them,” Willow answered. “They're happy to see me. There hasn't been a dryad in this area in a long time.”

“Awesome,” Lada answered. “Okay, which one of you wants to suck my dick!”

“Ooh, I will,” Mio cried. “I'd love to, Lada.”

I smiled, glad that others were having fun. I felt bad for the futa- cheerleaders. They had to be on watch, all serious and strong. I would make sure they were rewarded when we had a moment of safety. I wanted all my futa-concubines to be rewarded.

Like Joann and her amazing cock. I nursed on her with hunger. I suckled with passion. I bobbed my mouth and worked up and down her girl-cock. I moaned around her dick while my bowels clenched on my sister's futa-dick.

Saffron buggered me with her passion. She gripped my hips and thrust away at me. I loved how she pumped her girl-cock over and over into my bowels. The wonderful delight melted heat into my cunt. My futa-dick throbbed with passion.

“Yes, yes, that's so good,” groaned Joann. “Oh, Virginia, that's amazing. You suck dick so well.”

“You have to try out her asshole, Joann,” Saffron moaned. “Ooh, my twin sis has the best asshole in the fucking world.”

I thought Saffron's was pretty amazing.

My bowels squeezed about my twin sister's girl-cock. She fucked away at me. Pussy cream ran down my own clit-dick. It twitched and throbbed, swinging between my thighs. My toes curled. I shuddered, loving the delight of that cock thrusting into me.

I moaned around Joann's dick, my cheeks hollowing. My boobs swung beneath me. I rocked between the two futas, reveling in their dicks. They both did such different things to me. I reveled in nursing on Joann while my bowels melted around Saffron.

Drool ran down my chin. I groaned, suckling with passion. My twin fucked me harder. She buried her girl-cock deep into my bowels, her crotch smacking into my rump. Her collar jangled. She fucked me with such passion.

“God, that ass!” she moaned. “Ooh, yes, yes, I'm going to flood your asshole with all my futa-cum, sis! Just pump you full of it”

I moaned my delight, nursing hard on Joann's girl-dick. I wiggled my hips, stirring my bowels around my sister's cock. My pleasure swelled in my pussy. My ovaries drank in the heat and brimmed with my futa-jizz.

I rose towards my orgasm, almost there. My sister fucked me hard, my hand holding her leash. Her dick plowed to the hilt in my bowels again and again. She buried into me with those hard strokes of her cock. I groaned, squeezing my bowels around her. 

“Yes, yes, yes!” she groaned, slamming into me. “Goddamn, sis!”

“I know,” whimpered Joann. “Virginia! That's it. That's... That's so good!”

Her cum fired into my mouth. Spurt after spurt of cum flooded out of her girl-cock. I closed my eyes, savoring that salty delight. It splashed across the back of my throat. I gulped it down, squeezing my eyes shut. My bowels clamped down on my twin sister's cock, increasing my pleasure.

I exploded.

My asshole convulsed around her clit-dick as she pulled back. I moaned, my girl-cock spurting blast after blast of cum onto the ground. I drank down Joann's jizz as my sister rammed back into my spasming asshole.

“Yes!” she gasped and spurted into my bowels. “Ooh, that's so good!”

My twin sister's forbidden jizz pumped over and over into me. I savored every moment of her cum pumping into me. It was fantastic to enjoy. My asshole milked her girl-cock. Delight rushed through my body. Waves of ecstasy and jolts of rapture mixed and swirled around my mind. 

Pussy cream gushed down my futa-dick, meeting the spurts of jizz firing from the tip. I groaned, gulping down Joann's cum. The spicy aroma of her twat filled my nose. Her body trembled, glasses perched on her dainty nose.

“Yes, yes, yes!” she groaned. “I love you, Virginia!”

“Big time!” my sister squealed. “Ooh, I love your asshole so much!”

I milked out the last of her cum. It was a fantastic delight. I hit the peak of my orgasm, spurting a final blast of futa-jizz onto the grass. I trembled, my asshole rippling around my sister's bowels. It was amazing to enjoy her seed in me.

Joann pulled out my mouth just as Aria called, “Lunch!”

I had my first course, but I needed more than just yummy futa-cum. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Saffron Homewood

I lay beside Virginia, my leash in her hand. The manacles bound my hands behind me. I listened to her breathing. She had fallen asleep. We were deep into the foothills. Tomorrow, we would be in the Stony Teats proper. We might even reach the spring.

So exciting. I wanted to see my twin getting molested by slimes. Sounded hot.

The rest of the harem was settling down. I had cum leaking out of my pussy. My twin sister had fired a big load into me. I might be pregnant with her baby. She might be pregnant with mine. That would be hot. But it would be months before that mattered.

I had to keep her safe.

Recognizing the rhythm of her breathing put her deep into sleep, it was time to act. It was child's play to get out of the manacles. I had them picked in seconds thanks to these little slivers of metal I had found at the castle. I kept them in my butt-crack, clenched between my cheeks. 

I slid them back in place and then unclipped my leash. I kept the collar on, that was kinky. I looked around. The sentries were on watch. Mackenzie on one side of the camp and Luana on the other side. They were watching the night, making sure no dangers came at us. We were in a dell in the woody hills. Which meant there was a large dogwood tree growing right over me.

I casually stood up, stretching. The guards were looking outward. I bent my legs and jumped. I grabbed the branch and scrabbled up into the trees. I moved from limb to limb and made it out past the cheerleader's perimeter. I jumped to the next tree, hardly making a rustle.

I knew Surexila was out here. Somewhere. That dark elf assassin-cunt-whore-slut-bitch was waiting for her moment to strike. I wanted to flush her out. I knew how she thought. She liked to be in the trees, attack from a height.

I made my search through the trees, moving from limb to limb, jumping, scampering, climbing. I wish I had a furry squirrel's tail attached to a butt plug to wear. I would be so cute and adorable as I did this.

I searched for a good hour, spiraling out further and further and found nothing. No sign that the dark elf was around. It made me more worried. She knew our goal. What would she try to do at the Spring to fuck things up?

I headed back into camp, dropping from the tree right beside where I started. I clipped on my leash and slapped on my manacles. I snuggled up to Virginia who had no idea I had slipped off. I loved my twin sister, I did, but she should have known not to trust me to so easily surrender my freedom.

Not when she was in danger.

Of course, it was super hot pretending to be helpless and at her mercy. God, I wanted her to spank me next. That would be so hot. My futa-dick throbbed in my pussy. I snuggled tight to my sister and humped my cock against her thigh, driving it in and out of my twat.

I smiled in delight. That felt incredible. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Virginia Homewood

Saffron was sleeping beside me when I woke with a full bladder the next morning. I rubbed sleep from my eyes and rose. I let go of her leash to do my morning business, wiping off with some leaves. I ran back to her, grabbing her leash before she woke up.

Her hazel eyes fluttered open. “Mmm, morning.”

“Good morning,” I purred, so glad she couldn't sneak off in the middle of the night. “Let me get those manacles off for you.”

“Thanks,” she said, beaming at me. My twin sister was so cute.

I kissed her as I unfastened them, our tongues dancing together. It was a stirring moment. Too stirring. I ended up on top of her and fucking her hard, her pussy full of her own cum. She must have had one wet dream.

Dripping in her futa-jizz, we joined the others for breakfast. It was plain biscuits and hash browns. We had no cheese for those, sadly. But we did gather our supplies and get ready to head out. We started up into the mountains, Kali at the lead.

The terrain grew steeper. The trees changed, the broad leaf trees gave away to tall pines. They swayed and creaked. Unlike the strange forest we left behind, this place looked so natural. It could be a part of our world.

That was, until a dragon flew overhead. We all gasped at the sight of the red-winged beast. Kali froze. So did the rest of us. But the dragon didn't seem to care. She flew off to the southwest, leaving us to continue along on our own.

The day stretched out longer and longer. I licked my lips, wondering what diabolic trap might await us. I looked around at the mountains. They rose steeper and steeper. Eagles soared lonely above. High above on the craggy faces of the mountains, goats danced about, leaping from rock to rock.

“Wow, you have those here, too,” Lada said. “I love watching mountain goats. I keep thinking they'll fall, but they don't.”

“They do not,” groaned the rock face near us.

We all squeaked as the form of a giant woman pressed out of the stones, her boobs huge. A girl-cock the size of a tree trunk thrust out from her, made of stone. I swallowed in shock at the woman. She must be thirty or forty feet tall.

“Noble Mountain,” Kali purred, bowing. “I hope we have not offended you by treading upon your shoulder.”

“Not at all,” the futa-mountain said. Her big breasts, made of granite outcroppings, had a wonderful jiggle to them. “I am honored to have the Heroine walk upon my heights. Evil grows in the world. My sisters are falling silent, devoured from within. Foul things are breeding in our bowels once more. They feel the Demon Lord's touch on the world.”

“I will defeat the Demon Lord,” I called. “Noble Mountain, I will not let your world fall into her evil clutches.”

The stone giantess bowed, her futa-cock swaying as she did. A drop of precum fell from the tip and splashed before my feat. The burst of slippy cream splashed across my body. A salty scent filled the air. I shuddered.

“Thank you for your blessing,” I said, feeling so wonderfully sticky.

“I would unleash my full passion, but I do not think you would care to be swept down my shoulder. Not when you seek to climb to my heights.”

“So true, Noble Mountain,” I said, smiling. 

The futa-mountain laughed and then melted back into the stone. I shivered and then gasped as both Willow and Kali rushed to me. The futa-dryad and futa-elf both looked at me in awe. Then they cupped my breasts covered in the slippery precum.

“The blessing of a mountain elemental,” whispered Kali. “You are truly blessed, Lady Virginia.”

“I am in awe that one of such grandeur would bow to you,” Willow whispered. “My wife, she shall keep us safe as we trod upon her.”

I smiled in delight then gasped as they both licked up my breasts to my nipples, gathering the salty precum. They flicked my nipples, sending a tingle through me. Then they stepped back, smacking their lips. Saffron ducked in a moment later, licking at my belly. Aria came in from the other side.

“You are blessed, Lady Virginia,” my high priestess said. The Black girl smiled at me, her futa-dick thrusting hard before her. She bent over and licked the futa-mountain's precum off my hip. “Mmm, just wonderfully blessed.

“Thanks,” I groaned, so glad the mountain had coated me in her fluids. It made me feel even more confident about what we were doing today.

The others in the harem came up to me. Lade went for my bellybutton. I gasped and squealed as her tongue danced around in there, gathering up the precum. Brígida licked at my belly. The others were all bathing me with their tongues.

It was a wild delight to have them caressing me, gathering up the Blessing of the Futa-Mountain. I shuddered, my cunt on fire. This was all such a wild thrill. I was glad that I could enjoy all this wonderful delight. My hips wiggled back and forth.

Soon, my harem finished. I felt so good about what we had done. I licked my lips and we continued up the mountain. 

The trail wound higher and higher. The goats seemed to gamble with us, almost like they were watching over us. It was like the futa-mountain had made sure that we had someone making sure we were traveling safely to the Spring of Maidenly Oozes.

The day wore on. We were all bursting with youthful energy, but the hike was taking a toll on us. Just when I thought we wouldn't reach it this day, though, the trail hit a plateau. It was surprisingly lush. I blinked at the thick growth of vegetation. Flowers bloomed everywhere. There were red ones with wide petals, pinks ones that were taller than wide and had dainty petals hiding a blushing inner, green ones, yellow ones that formed cups, violet ones dangling from vines in the trees. They were all covered in small leaves, delicate and oval. 

The girls were all giggling. Flowers were plucked and thrust behind ears or tucked into locks of hair. Saffron put a pink one behind my right ear, smiling at me. I snagged a yellow one. I thought it stood out wonderfully against her black hair.

“Oh, my Goddesses!” gasped Charlee. The blonde priestess jumped back. “There was something blue in the bush. It was like a translucent slug or something.

“That's a baby ooze,” said Kali. “This is where they come to reproduce. They mature here and when they are adults, they head to the Spring of Maidenly Oozes to await their first ovulation. Then they have a mass orgy before they spread out across the world to gestate their young for the next decade. Finally, the return here and start the cycle again.”

“Wow,” I said as I spotted a pink ooze crawling along a thick leaf. She looked like Jello come to life but had two cute eyes. “They're formless.”

“They need to be adults to take a form,” said Kali. “But we're close. The spring is said to lie at the center of the Garden.”

We moved through the Garden. Hot springs dotted around. They were small puddles that bubbled and steamed. Many of the oozes swam through them, none of these felt like the Spring of Maidenly Oozes that I had to bathe in.

After about fifteen minutes, the sun setting more and more, the vegetation abruptly ended at a large crater. It was the caldera of a volcano, an ancient crater that had gone cold. It was deep and rocky, with no life at all in it. A dirty pool lay at the bottom.

“Holy shit,” gasped Saffron.

“How is that even possible?” Lada asked.

“That is incredible,” said Brígida. “Wow, I love it. That must be some magic to suspend it there.”

“Yeah,” I said, staring in awe at the floating chunk of rock in the middle of the caldera. It was a good hundred yards away from the rim of the crater. It was a little lower, letting us see that it held a pool of steaming water full of colorful shapes. “That's the Spring?”

“I suppose it is,” said Kali. “I, uh, didn't know that it was floating in the air. This is sacred land. You are the Futa-Heroine, so I did not have a problem in leading you up here. Even the Spirit of the Mountain gave us the blessing.”

“How am I supposed to get out there?” I asked. I glanced at Aria. “I mean, can you do a prayer or something.”

“I do not think so,” Aria said. She glanced around at her priestesses. “Do any of you have any ideas on how we might get her across?”

“How do the oozes get across?” asked Saffron. She stared in awe. “That's... I mean... That's a pretty huge gap to cross.”

“I am sure they have their secret ways,” Willow said. “The magic might help them get there, or, perhaps, the Spring only rises when this year's oozes are of age and have climbed in to wait for their ovulation to occur.”

“That doesn't help me get over,” I said. “Saffron, could you throw a grappling hook or something?”

“Uh, pretty sure I can't get over there with what we have on hand,” Saffron said. My twin sister gave me a helpless look. “Sorry. I think I might be fairly useless here.”

“Yeah,” I said, sighing. “Well, we'll have to think of a way to get across. I mean, there has to be a way somehow. Right, Brígida.”

“Oh, there is,” Brígida said. “And it requires you to put your absolute faith in our magic.” 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Brígida Vasquez

“Okay, yes, yes, just like that,” I said to Opal and Velvet. “Just put your pussies together like that. Excellent!”

The two futa-mages lay on their backs on the edge of the caldera. Opal's brown bush rubbed into Velvet's blonde. Their futa-cocks thrust up into the air, both twitching and throbbing with their wild heartbeat. My pussy clenched and my clit-dick pulsed with my excitement.

“Mmm, your two White cocks look so beautiful pressed together,” I said, moving in to straddle them. “And Addy, you ready to sodomize me.”

“I'm coming for that Latina ass, Brígida,” said Addy. She stroked her hand up and down her girl-dick. It was such a beautiful cock. Boy, I love White futas and their shafts.

“Perfect,” I said and straddled Opal and Velvet. I had a perfect view of the floating island. 

I lowered myself to their futa-dicks pressed together and thrusting up at my hungry cunt. My pussy ached to have both their dicks in me. To pull off this trick, I was going to need a good supply of futa-cum. There could be no mistakes. No mess ups.

Virginia's life would be held in my magic.

I shuddered as the tips of their futa-dicks nuzzled into my bush. My curls rustled. I pushed up my glasses moments before the crowns kissed my pussy lips. I shuddered as I pressed my weight down on these thick girths.

“Ooh, Mamacitas, this is going to be amazing,” I moaned as my pussy lips spread and spread over both their crowns. I groaned as I slid my girl-dick down their futa-cocks. This wonderful pleasure swept through me. It was amazing. Just a real treat. “Yes!”

I swallowed both their shafts. My cunt, stretched to its utter limits, slid down their girths. My clit-dick throbbed before me. My asshole tingled. Opal grabbed my cock, the brunette smiling at me as I bottomed out on both their shafts.

I was in dickgirl-heaven. And it was about to get even sweeter. I shuddered and squirmed on them, my heart pounding. Addy padded up behind me. I glanced back and smiled at the futa-witch approaching, her black hair swaying around her lush face.

“Mmm, I am going to pump that asshole full of all the cum I have,” she purred and sank to her knees behind me, straddling Velvet's stomach. 

SMACK!

“Ooh, that ass is cute,” purred Velvet. “I'm going to love playing with it.”

“Wow, that felt naughty,” Addy said, her girl-cock nuzzling into my butt-crack. She slid it down to my hole. I was about to be stuffed with more cock than I had ever imagined. “Ooh, and so does this!”

She thrust against my asshole.

My anal ring widened and widened. I groaned, my cunt clenching down on the two futa-dicks. Addy's girl-cock drilled against my sphincter. My backdoor spread over her crown. Pleasure melted down to my twat stuffed with so much delight.

She popped into my bowels. I groaned as she sank into my asshole. I had three dicks in my nethers. I'd take one in my mouth, but I had to cast spells. I shuddered as Addy sank deeper and deeper into me.

She bottomed out in me. Her boobs rubbed into my back. She hugged me, her hands rubbing my little titties. I shuddered at the feel of her palms on my nipples. She massaged them as she nibbled on my neck. She felt so wonderful.

“Okay, here we go, Mamacitas!” I cried and accessed all three of their cocks.

The three squealed in delight. Hot futa-cum jetted into my pussy and asshole. Two streams splashed against my cervix while a third bathed my bowels. I groaned, my futa-dick throbbing in Opal's hands. The power flowed into me.

I focused on Virginia. I had two spells I had to maintain. I needed all the jizz I had. I drew in a breath and spoke the first one: “Uyaav Rehpareh!”

With Opal's and Velvet's cum flooding my pussy and Addy's jizz my asshole. I had so much power. Virginia lifted off the ground. She gasped as she rose into the air, suspended by my magic. I shuddered, flexing my thighs and lifting my twat up the two futas' dicks. I shuddered, my cock throbbing in Opal's hands.

“Uyaav Eeahir!” I cried next, activating my next spell.

Thanks to the cum flooding me, I was powering both spells, keeping them active longer than I should be able to. Virginia gasped as she was blown out across the caldera. I was risking her life if I messed up my magic.

But I was a master futa-mage. All the knowledge I needed to reshape the world was found in my mind. I slammed my cunt down the two futas' dicks while Addy pumped her spurting girl-cock in and out of my asshole. Her hands cupped my small breasts, massaging them.

Virginia's blonde hair whipped around her face as the powerful wind blew her farther and farther away from us. She drifted over the space. It wasn't fast, but it would get here there soon. I groaned, all that cum spurting into me now spilling out of my holes.

I overflowed with cum. It coated my butt-crack and dripped from my bush. I groaned, working my pussy up and down the spurting futa-dicks. I loved their cum splashing against my cervix. More cum basted my asshole while Addy fucked me.

Such obscene sounds filled the air. Cocks buried into sloppy holes.

I loved the sounds they made. It was so nasty. So obscene. The magic flowed out of me. It carried Virginia across the caldera. She was halfway there, the pressure building and building at the tip of my futa-dick. My holes drank in the silky and velvety frictions.

“Oh, my god,” Addy moaned, her spurting futa-dick thrusting in and out of my bowels.

“I know,” moaned Velvet. 

SMACK! 

“That ass is delectable. Ooh, yes, yes, I love the sight of it clenching before me. Fuck Brígida hard. I can feel your dick massaging mine through her flesh.”

“Ooh, that must be hot,” moaned Opal, her hand pumping up and down my girl-cock.

Virginia drifted farther and farther away. I kept magic flowing to both spells, my body drinking in the sexual energy from the cum pumping into me. The three futas flooded my holes with all their jizz. They bathed me in futa-spunk.

I slammed my sloppy cunt down Opal's and Velvet's dicks. I rode their two cocks. I whimpered, my glasses shifting on my nose. Addy massaged my breasts as she pumped her futa-shaft into my asshole. She buried into me over and over again.

Virginia waved her arms and legs wildly.

“The signal!” shouted Saffron.

I ended Conjure Wind, leaving only Levitate active. I lowered Virginia to the other island with the spring as my ovaries quivered. Opal pumped her hand up and down my girl-cock. I impaled my pussy down the two futa-dicks while Addy rammed her girl-shaft to the hilt of my bowels.

The sensations were too much. I couldn't take it. This was incredible. I burst with ecstasy. I threw back my head as my pussy and asshole convulsed around the three girl-cocks. My futa-dick erupted, spraying Opal's round boobs with my cum. 

“¡Mierda!” I howled. “¡Mamacitas!”

The pleasure slammed into my mind. Rapture and ecstasy crashed into my thoughts. My pussy convulsed and my asshole spasmed around their futa-dicks. I milked all three of them as they squealed in delight, pumping more and more cum into me.

“So good!” Addy moaned.

“I love how your dick pulses against mine, Opal!” Velvet howled.

“Right?” gasped Opal. “Oh, my god, Brígida! Your pussy! Your pussy is amazing. Milk my cock dry! Wring out every drop of cum in my ovaries!” 

“That's the plan!” I gasped, waves of delight rushing out of my pussy and jolts of bliss firing from my girl-dick. “Ooh, that's it. That's so great. I love it. I love it so much! You sexy Mamacitas! Flood me with everything you got!”

They did. I hosed Opal down. I coated the White girl's ivory breasts with pearly spunk. Some even splashed her face. I groaned, my body trembling from the delight. I swayed from side to side, loving every second of this amazing rapture. 

I hit the peak, firing a last spurt of jizz to bathe Opal's stomach. My pussy and asshole milked their three cocks dry. They all panted as they fired the last of the cum into me. I swayed from side to side, my heart beating so fast.

What a rush. And Virginia was safely on the other side. Now we just had to wait and see what would happen. We had a plan to get her back, but it could be hours or minutes. No one knew what would happen to her. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Virginia Homewood

“Never doing that again,” I muttered as I stood on the edge of the Spring of Maidenly Oozes. 

Floating across the caldera, held up by an unseen force while a wind blew me slowly across the distance had been frightening. Terrifying. I was still shaking from it. I needed something to pick me up. Because while I never wanted to do it again...

I had to do it again to get back to the others. I swallowed, staring at that gap I would have to cross again. I just hoped Brígida's magic could reach that far to me. Otherwise, this would be a one-way trip. I didn't like thinking that. 

“Bluuribi?” gurgled from behind me. “Bluribi! Blulurbuli! Blurbi!”

I spun around and saw a busty, young woman made entirely of pink Jello half out of the water. She had a big smile on her lips, her bountiful boobs jiggling and heaving. She beckoned to me, licking her lips. My futa-dick throbbed.

A blue busty ooze appeared. Then a green one with round boobs. A yellow one. Red. Orange. Cerulean. Purple. Rose. Golden. Silver. Gray. Teal. Crimson. Black. All the colors imaginable. There were thirty for forty of them, all rising out of the pool and burbling and gurgling at the sight of me. 

I shuddered at the sounds they were making while my futa-dick throbbed before me. They all beckoned me with their fingers. They had such big smiles on their lips. Steam rose around them, rolling over their figures. Some were petite and others voluptuous. They all appeared fourteen to sixteen, ripe and ready to be bred. 

I had to bathe in the Spring of Maidenly Oozes. A pool of virgin monster girls that needed me to join them. I could tell the orgy hadn't started. None of them appeared to even have their cocks. Maybe they only grew at the moment they all ovulated.

Or maybe they could control when they had them. Brígida had mentioned to me on the walk up the mountain that sometimes futas could control them or the change could come on them out of their control. Either way, it sounded exciting.

It sounded like the perfect way to start my journey to be a heroine.

I padded to them and waved. “Hi! I'm Virginia! Nice to meet you!”

A chorus of, “Blurbili!” and “Bluribibli!” and “Bluuubrililil!” greeted me, all the oozes waving their arms. Breasts bounced and heaved. Their bodies were all translucent and jiggled everywhere, but their boobs especially had that wonderful quiver to them.

Part of me just wanted to eat them all up. 

They jumped and quivered and burbled as I came closer and closer to them. I reached the edge of the pool, Pink at the front. She beamed at me, her eyes the same color as the rest of her. She even had gummy like strands of hair.

From her sides, tentacles grew. I gasped as they rushed at me. The ends formed into hard shafts with spongy crowns. Cocks. She grew a pair of tentacle-cocks. I shuddered, seeing now how these sexy monster girls gained their dicks.

“The futa-mages were right,” I groaned as her tentacle slid around my waist. She felt warm and squishy. It was a pleasant sensation. “There was going to be tentacles.”

Pink lifted me easily and pulled me to her. My futa-dick quivered. She licked her lips and opened her mouth wide. I gasped as my cock slid past her lips into her maw. She sealed her lips around me, nursing hard.

My futa-dick pulsed in her mouth as she moved into the pool. Warm steam bathed around my naked body. I gasped as she suckled on me. I could see my cock in her mouth through her translucent flesh. Her tongue danced around it.

“Blurlubiili!” Blue gurgled. She smiled at me as her nipple grew into a tentacle-dick. I gasped as it shot straight up between my thighs and went right for my blonde bush covering my pussy. She nuzzled into me. “Blurbi!”

“Yes, yes, Blue!” I groaned as her tentacle dick rammed into my cunt.

Her thick and gelatinous cock penetrated my pussy. My dick twitched and throbbed in Pink's mouth. This wave of heat rushed through me. I groaned, my face contorting with the delight of this moment. It felt incredible. 

My back arched and my legs kicked. I groaned, savoring every bit of delight. Pink suckled on my cock while the others moved in. Red's two tentacles shot from her shoulders and went for my boobs. I gasped as they swept around my breasts. She squeezed them and jiggled them. The ends of her tentacle-dicks found my nipples. 

Her urethral slits engulfed both my hard nubs and suckled on them. My pussy clenched down on Blue's tentacles. I moaned in delight, my girl-cock throbbing in Pink's hungry and warm mouth. This was incredible.

“Oh, my god, yes!”

Orange's tentacle-cock shot out of her mouth and rushed for my ass. I shuddered as the gelatinous dick pressed between my butt-cheeks and into my crack. In moments, the naughty futa-ooze had found my asshole. She thrust into the sphincter.

I groaned as my anal ring parted. Orange's tentacle-dick slipped into my bowels. I shuddered, this velvety heat rushing through me. My futa-cock throbbed in Pink's suckling mouth and my cunt squeezed down on blue's thrusting shaft. I gasped, my nipples aching. Red nursed on them with her tentacle-cocks. It was all so wonderful.

“Oh, my god,” I moaned, my legs kicking as I was held suspended.

More tentacles surged up at me. Green wrapped around my legs, holding me with her pleasant appendages. Cerulean and Yellow seized my arms, sliding over me. Caressing me. I whimpered, my head throwing back.

“You naughty oozes!” I moaned as my pussy and asshole squeezed down on those thrusting tentacle-dicks. My cock ached in Pink's mouth. She bobbed her head, working her lips up and down my dick. She caressed me with such passion.

My face contorted with delight. I groaned, savoring every moment that she nursed on me. She suckled with such passion. I groaned, my face contorting from the delight of her wicked mouth. She knew how to love me. How to worship my girl-cock while Blue and Orange fucked my holes. 

Red nursed on my nipples. Her tentacle-cocks were slippery with precum that ran over my boobs to her flesh wrapped around them. She kneaded my tits as she suckled at my nipples. I quivered, my toes curling, the passion rising in me.

Gold's tentacle appeared before my mouth. A big girl-cock dripping precum. “Buirbili?” asked Gold as she smiled up with the others. “Buirillibili?

“Yes!” I moaned and opened my mouth wide.

Her tentacle shot into my mouth. I groaned and sealed my lips around it. This was incredible to enjoy. A wild heat shot through me. I closed my eyes, my heart hammering in my chest. I nursed on jelly-cock, salty precum spilling over my tongue.

I groaned, my pussy and asshole squeezing down on the two appendages working in and out of me. They buried into me with such force. They ravished me. My cunt and bowels drank in the friction, the delight swelling up to the tip of my throbbing cock buried in Pink's mouth.

Pink's wondrous tongue danced around my cock. I shuddered, my legs kicking. I whimpered, nursing so hard on Gold's girl-dick. Blue fucked her tentacle faster and faster in and out of my cunt, her burbles rising around me. Orange's appendage plundered my asshole.

“Blurlbi! Blurobirlili!” cried Blue, my pussy clenching around her tentacle-dick.

“Blurbila!” Orange cried, her tentacle-cock massaging my bowels.

“Blulbiilib! Burliliilia! Blurbal!” Red moaned, the urethrae of her tentacle-dicks suckling harder at my nipples. The pleasure shot down to my hot pussy.

I groaned, held in the grip of the futa-oozes. They stroked my body. They caressed me with their gelatinous appendages. I was in heaven as I built and built towards my climax. I couldn't take much more of it. Not with Pink sucking so hard on my dick. I stared down at her, nursing on Gold's cock.

Pink stared up at me, her eyes so soft with her lust. She nursed so hard, my dick looking so hot in her mouth. My pussy clenched down on Blue's tentacle-cock and my asshole squeezed about Orange's thick appendage. The pressure in my ovaries burst.

I squealed and climaxed.

My cum fired into Pink's mouth. I shuddered, bucking as I pumped blast after blast of cum into her mouth. Stars burst across my vision as my pearly jizz flooded her. I could see it swirling about my cock in her oral cavity. And then she swallowed it. 

My jizz flowed down her esophagus but didn't go to a stomach. I saw it flooding something much lower. Her uterus. It was filling her uterus. I knew—knew—that I was breeding her by cumming in her mouth. I was flooding her with my fertile spunk.

I whimpered around Gold's tentacle-cock, my pussy and asshole convulsing and writhing around Blue's and Orange's futa-dick. My body thrashed as I pumped more and more of my girl-seed into Pink's fertile body. Stars burst across my vision.

It was incredible.

“Blurbiii!” Blue cried out. Her futa-dick erupted in my pussy.

The ooze's hot cum jetted into my cunt. I thrashed in delight, my eyes squeezing shut as I reveled in the delight rushing through me. My pussy milked her tentacle-dick while my futa-cock kept erupting. Ecstasy fired through my body. Rapture drowned my mind.

“Bluribiiii!” Orange squealed.

Now hot futa-jizz flooded my asshole. It fired deep and hard into my flesh. It was wonderful to feel it firing into me. I quivered, this heat rushing through me. My toes curled as my legs kicked. My pussy and bowels milked both oozes' girl-dicks.

“Blurblurbulu!” gasped Gold.

Salty futa-cum spurted into my mouth. I squeezed my eyes shut. I quivered as the thick jizz filled my mouth. I fired the last of my seed into Pink's mouth as I drank down Gold's passion. I swallowed it, the delight pouring down my throat to my belly.

Blue spurted a last time into my pussy. Orange emptied her girl-cock into my asshole. I gulped down all of Gold's jizz. She fired more and more as Red kept suckling on my nipples with her urethrae. I quivered, my entire body buzzing with rapture.

“Bulrbi...” sighed Gold as she fired a final spurt of jizz in my mouth.

I savored the taste as I was lowered to the water. Pink slid her mouth off my cock, smacking her lips. Gold's dick popped past my lips. I gasped in breaths as the water rose around my legs. Pink smiled at me, my cum on her lips. She rubbed at her pubic mound, at her womb that was full of my cum.

“Blurlbiii!” she said so happily.

“I bred you,” I groaned. Then I shuddered as Blue and Orange slid their girl-cocks out of me. I buzzed from the delight, the water nearly up to my pussy and cock. The warmth flooded through me.

Red slid before me. She hugged me, her tentacles sliding off my tits. Our boobs came together. She kissed me, thrusting her tongue into my mouth. She slid her thighs around me, my cock popping beneath her. I felt her pussy rubbing on it.

I had another maiden ooze to enjoy. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Surexila

I watched the Futa-Heroine drifting across the water. The only threat to the Demon Lord was over there, but it wasn't her that I burned to kill. It was Saffron. I had hoped the pit fiend would have taught that bitch a lesson. 

But she didn't end up collared in molten iron.

Virginia's harem was far, far more capable than it should be. Fury burned in me. My clit throbbed to turn into a dick, the gift of the Demon Lord. We were freed from our lusts. No longer slaves to our futa-dicks and turned into horny sluts.

An orgy broke out among the futas. Now that their leader was safely across, they were falling into lusts. Saffron had vanished into the midst of it, writhing with five or six futas. They were all fucking each other. Gasping. Moaning.

They had no self-control. No discipline. It would be a pleasure to kill them all.

Thinking about killing always made my clit throb. I let my futa-cock grow. I savored the anticipation of spiriting off Saffron from the midst of the orgy. The sun had almost fully set. Once the world was darker, I would move in.

Oh, it would be so sweet to tie the bitch up. To shove knives in her cunts and fuck her to death with them. She liked to keep her dick in her pussy. I would ruin that hole. I would make her pay for what she did to me in the woods. 

I wanted to stroke my hard cock. To fist up and down it, but I had control. Instead, I summoned my shadow blade, a gift from my Goddess. I licked it, savoring the cool surface on my tongue while picturing jamming it into Saffron's cunt.

“Wow, licking your daggers. That's seriously fucked up!” 

I whirled to see Saffron crouched behind me, cum dripping off her boobs. Shock held me arrested for one moment.

Then I threw my dagger at the cunt.

To be continued...
