Iruka didn’t know what his students had eaten, but whatever it was, it was made of too much sugar and food dye and therefore, evil. It caused his normally rambunctious class to become jittery, twitchy, crazed demon incarnates.

And detention was worse than that.

His shift in the Mission Room hadn’t been much better. Apparently, growing up didn’t always mean maturity or responsibility was gained. Was it really too much to ask that people do their paperwork the correct way the first time and not get bitchy when they had to do it again because they didn’t get it right the third time? Honestly!

He was—to phrase mildly—utterly exhausted. All he wanted to do was shower, eat whatever required no thinking from his icebox, and to collapse on his bed into blissful oblivion. He’d managed to avoid Kakashi so far and if his luck continued to hold, things would stay that way.

He shoved open the door and as it closed, Iruka knew something was Wrong. Not a little bit off and not wrong, but Wrong.

His traps weren’t in the right order or the right places—

The scar on his back wrenched and he ducked and rolled instinctively.

Movement flickered and he flung shurikens in a wide radius, yanking out a kunai with his free hand. He was on his feet in a defensive stance when his arm was ripped open—

Three things were instantly clear in that moment. One, he was outclassed; two, he was outnumbered; and three, he was fucked.

Already he could feel something settling into his muscles, making them slow and sluggish.

It didn’t stop him from jamming his kunai backwards and from dropping again, this time letting gravity do the work for him.

He hit the floor hard, using the crash to jettison more weapons across the floor and prayed that a few ended up under his couch or something like that.

He shoved some of his chakra into the floor, in a last ditch attempt to leave some sort of clue as to what was happening and—
xXxXxXxXxXx
Kakashi vaguely wondered if something wasn’t quite right when he found himself surrounded by a mass of murderous-looking pre-genins carrying a variety of weapons.

One—who was wearing an impractically long scarf and goggles and holding a pitchfork that was three sizes too big for him—pointed at him accusatorily. “What did you do to Iruka-sensei!” He bellowed.

Kakashi blinked slowly. Not exactly what he expected to come out of the kid’s mouth, but hey. He could roll with it. “I didn’t do anything to him.”

“Yes, you did!” A girl whose orange hair looked like a broom someone had tried to put into pigtails accused, clutching her rake tighter.

“We know about you.” A snot-nosed kid with thick glasses informed him nasally as he shifted his grip on his hammer.

“We’ve heard what they’ve said about Iruka-sensei because of you!” A short boy with bandages wrapped around his head snapped, waving a practice kunai threateningly.

“So tell us what you did to him!” The first boy yelled.

“Did he get hurt?” A thin girl—a Hyuuga, judging her eyes—asked, face dark. She fingered her shurikens.

“Is he sick?” Another girl—this one with a pink headband and thick ringlets—asked, looking murderous with her carving knife.

“Is it your fault that he got locked up?” Broom-headed girl demanded. “Did you get him locked up again?”

“Are we going to have to have that scary green man again?”

“Are we going to have to sit through more of pineapple head’s stupid boring lectures?”

“Will Iruka-sensei be okay?”

“When are we going to learn chakra control if we have the green man?”

“Why do you keep letting him get put into jail?”

What the…? Kakashi frowned slowly. “Why are you asking me this? Why don’t you ask Iruka-sensei?” He wondered how long it would be before the weapons started to fly. The kids looked more and more violent with every question asked.

Goggled Scarf glared hard at him. “We would if you hadn’t gotten him into trouble again!” An angry cacophony of agreement followed.

Kakashi’s frown deepened. “Where’s Iruka-sensei?”

“We wouldn’t be asking you if we knew!”

Something cold started to grow in his gut. “Are you telling me that he never showed up today?”

“Well, duh!”

“What did you do to Iruka-sensei!”

“I want Iruka-sensei!”

“I don’t want that green man!”

“What did you do to him!”

Kakashi barely heard the children. Iruka—his reliable, anal, and punctual Iruka—hadn’t shown up for work and hadn’t arranged for a substitute.

Iruka, who was never late and never irresponsible, hadn’t gone to the job he loved.

He shoved through the mob of children and ignored their protests as he leapt onto the roofs and raced over to Iruka’s small apartment.

He shoved open Iruka’s window and peered in.

The place looked as it always had, and yet…and yet…

Something was off.

He scanned the room again and things began to fall into place. The kotatsu wasn’t exactly in the right spot; if he tilted his head the right way, he could see the indentation in the mats where it had been. There was no dust anywhere. The picture of Naruto had been switched with the picture of Iruka’s parents and both were set at different angles. The scrolls and books weren’t in perfect alphabetical order. The spider web that lived in the corner above the front door was gone (Iruka had blushed that deliciously warm blush of his and mumbled something about letting a few spiders live in his house because they kept the ants and other bugs down when Kakashi had asked about it).

He was about climb inside for a better look when he remembered the traps. He’d need the Sharingan for that because while Iruka may be much lower in rank and skill level than Kakashi, the man was amazing with traps. If the chunin wanted, he could probably get bumped to tokujou for his trap making (and escaping) skills. Kakashi could honestly say he couldn’t look at common house objects like whisks and toothbrushes the same way since he had started to pursue the school teacher.

With someone like him teaching the children, Kakashi didn’t feel so hopeless about the future. No wonder that his former team had been so damn scrappy and had come up with some of the things that they had.

He pushed up his hitai-ate and scanned the window frame. Then scanned the frame again, frowning. The traps were…standard; any half-brained idiot could have set them up. They had none of Iruka’s trademark creativity and looked like they had been done by a lefty…from the outside. Iruka was right-handed and Kakashi could think of no reason that he would set his traps from the outside.

And that said nothing for the knots or the order of the traps.

It took him less than a minute to disarm the traps (if Iruka had set them, it would have taken more than fifteen), but he cut the knots off and pocketed them.

There was a puddle of chakra in the floor that the Sharingan kept going back to. He slid closer to it cautiously and focused on it. His eyes widened slightly. He recognised the chakra pattern, but it didn’t make much sense. Why would Iruka pour his chakra into the floor and in such a haphazard matter?

He brushed his fingers against it and felt fear and desperation surge up from the puddle, strong enough he had to sit down for a moment. Whatever it was, Iruka had fought a losing battle and had known it.

He covered the Sharingan and moved to get up, but hissed when his hand caught on something sharp. Scowling, he lifted up the edge of the comfortably worn tatami mat next to his hand. A shuriken blinked back at him.

Banging at the door caused him to glance up. Faint yells of ‘Hang on Iruka-sensei, we’re coming!’ filtered through the wood. He sighed. Iruka would be pissed if the nose-miners broke down his door and Kakashi let them.

He swiftly deactivated the other obviously not-Iruka’s traps and opened the door after pocketing the shuriken.

Goggled Scarf glared at him. “What are you doing here!” He yelled, trying to level his pitchfork at Kakakshi, and Kakashi watched as the children started to take fighting stances behind him.

“The same thing you all are doing, checking up on Iruka-sensei,” he said lazily. He stuck his free hand in his pocket and leaned against the doorframe. “He’s not here.”

“Liar!”

“What have you done to Iruka-sensei!”

Kakashi decided to cut off the tirades before got started. “Did your teacher tie this?” He pulled out the piece of chakra thread with one of the knots on it.

Snotty Glasses and Bandaged Head both peered at the knot. Goggled Scarf shoved Bandaged Head out of the way. “You flunked knots! Get out of the way!”

“You nearly failed them, too!” The Hyuuga snapped as she came up to Snotty Glasses (Kakashi notices that she had put her shurikens away). She turned her attention to the tiny bumps in the string.

“Iruka-sensei didn’t tie that,” Snotty Glasses proclaimed nasally a moment later and the lavender-eyed girl nodded in agreement.

“How do you know?” Kakashi asked, not letting his unimpressed façade drop.

“Iruka-sensei likes to use the hunter’s bend and the double figure eight,” the Hyuuga informed him with a slightly superior air. “And that’s a true lover’s knot.”

“He says that one is more stemetal—”

“—It’s sennimennal, idiot!— ”

“—Then he would like.” Headband Ringlets said, ignoring the interruption, no longer waving her knife around.

“An’ he says that the other two suit him, so he uses ‘em.”

“Is this a test?”

“Did we pass?”

“Do we hafta look at other knots?”

“Do we have to guess who tied’em?”

“Why are you letting us take this as a group? Aren’t we supposta do this on our own?”

“Did Iruka-sensei leave you in charge?”

“Are you going to be our new sensei?”

“Why do you wear a mask?”

“You’re not going to make us kick training posts a thousand times, are you?”

“Are you going to make us learn all the different kinds of clouds?”

“We’re not going to have to use that nasty toothpaste, are we?”

“Are you really old?”

“You’re not going to make us brush each tooth a hundred times, are you?”

“Do you know how pineapple-head get his hair like that?”

The babbling grew in noise as each child had a new question to throw at him. Kakashi took a deep breath and actually raised his voice. “I have to talk to the Hokage. If you really care about your teacher, you’ll let me go and you’ll go back to the academy and tell one of the other teachers that you need a substitute.”

The kids blinked at him. “Is Iruka-sensei in trouble?” The Hyuuga asked in a quiet voice.

“Is that why you asked about the knot?”

“Is that why you’re here?”

“What happened to Iruka-sensei?”

Kakashi debated ignoring the questions, but since it was the children who had told him that Iruka was gone and could give him real proof to bring to the Hokage, he felt he owed them at least something small. “I don’t know yet, but I think he might need some help.”

“Are you going to save him?” Broom-headed girl looked torn between being scared, worried, and starry-eyed at the idea of Iruka being rescued.

“Maybe, but I have to go now if I want to.” He pulled the door shut and heard the lock and traps reactivate.

The snot-nosed brats parted for him this time when he tried to get through. “Bye Ninja-sama!” A girl with black pigtails and what looked like vacuum parts in her hand waved.

“Good luck!” Another little boy—this one with a broken glass bottle—called out.

“Bring Iruka-sensei back safe!”

“Beat the other guys up!”

“Come back and teach us again!”

Kakashi shook his head slightly as he bounded over the roofs. How did Iruka put up with that all the time?