Lingerie marketing story

This is an incident that happened to me a few days back. I will first tell you something about myself and my family. I am Smita, now a 27-year-old married woman; a commerce graduate from Mithibai College. I was married a year back. My husband is a very caring and loving husband. He is a chartered accountant by profession. His profession demands him to go lot of times out of Bombay for audits. Other person in my in laws are my Father in law and mother in law they are at most time in our native village. There is a youger brother of my husband by the name Ravi. He is still un married and is 23 years of age. He stays with us. This story is about me and my dewar about how he desuced me for the first time to have with him.

I was very much satisfied with my hubby but was unsatisfied by his frequent tours out of Bombay. About my looks I was a rose queen of Mithibai college during one of my college years. I am fair about 5.6 height, 58 kgs and a quite good figure of. 36-27-37
My dewar is a young guy with good body and macho looks. By profession he was a junior marketing manager of a lingerie company. From my marriage only he had eyes on me (he told me later).
It was about 20 days since my husband had gone I and my dewar used to stay alone in the house. One day my dewar came early from office. It was Friday and pretended to look very tensed. I asked him the reason for early coming to office and why was he tensed. He said it was work pressure and lot of work outstanding. He told me he has to give a report of it by Monday and he is sure that his job would go. I comforted him and told be cool and everything would be all right. I asked what was the project about. He said it was kind of an analysis of Indian woman and their likes and dislikes. So I said what is the problem, he said the work is over but my boss told me today on review that my project lacks survey of today's Indian married woman and some photographs of prospective models who would carry out the advertisement of our product. He said I was totally not aware of this two points and the boss is trying to put the blame on me. So I am very tensed. I asked him to ask his boss for some more days and complete the project. To which he denied and said I will have to look for new job. I told him to relax and change his clothes meanwhile I will prepare some tea for him. I brought the tea to his bedroom and place it on the table in front of him, at this time he got a look at my cleavage and my bra; I was wearing a night gown at that time. This threw an idea in him and he had selected in his mind the woman for the survey, the model for ad shoot and his long term fantasy woman. Then while sipping tea he said bhabhi give me some idea how on earth will I find such a woman. I said to him to what are the requirements for the woman - he said she should be married and still be good looking. He continuously pressed and kept on asking me where would I get a woman in such a short time. Then I got a bit soft and told I will arrange some friend of mine for survey but modeling its difficult. He said which friend I named him a few but he rejected and said they all themselves are not well dressed how ill they give me an accurate survey result. Then I said could I take a survey to help u out. He said looking at me and said ure a bit better than them and said I have no options. I said that but for this he has to promise that neither his brother nor anyone should not come to know it was me who took part in the survey. He promised me that. Then he brought some of his questionnaire and he started the survey.
He asked me from what age I started to wear bra's - I said 14 years. His qs what was the size at that time I said 32 B. His qs ure age now 28 what is the size now u wear. I said 36c. so he said in 14 years ure size has increased by 4 inches and a cup. I nodded. This qs were getting hot on me inside as I had not had sex since last 20 days and he was the first person asking me such qs. He then said I will proceed to panties. I said ok. He said when was ure first menstrual cycle. I was stuned by the qs he looked at me and showed me the qs in his questionnaire and told me sorry but I have to ask. I said at the age of 14. He was showing no signs of getting hot but deep inside he was getting hot. He then asked what type of bras I like and what style and what fabric and those type qs. I answered them all. He then asked me whether my shape of breasts was round or conical. I said a misture of both. He said I have to tick only one option. He said let me measure and calculate then he can say as per their co. what shape it is called. He measured me with the measuring tape and his fingers sometime touched my boobs. He then put his one hand on the slope of my boobs and one below the boobs lightly and said they are round and not too pinted. His touch was gr8 and I couldn't say no while he was touching. He then said whether my boobs were soft / hard. I said hard. He said he doubted and put his hands over my boobs and pressed it a bit. He said it was soft to touch but hard in shape. He was showing no signs of getting hot so I was thinking whether he is touching me on purpose or was very professional. His non-excitement was giving me a sign he was a professional and was not doing to have a chance on me. He then asked me to jump up and down for 3 mins. To see how my current bra was performing. I did that and he could see my breasts flying in all directions. This time his eyes lightened a bit but I was still not sure. He then gave me a weighing scale and asked me to go inside the room and get naked and measure my breasts weight individually and collectively. I went to his room and removed all my clothes and was naked. I put the weighing machine on the bed at the edge. I went on knees and put the breasts over the weighing scale measured them and took a paper from his writing desk and wrote it. I came outside and gave the paper to him after which he then said his survey was over and he thanked me for that. I said the dinner is ready come and have it. He said to me u have it I will have after some time and finalise this survey on the computer. I had my dinner and went to his room to call him for dinner he was not in his room. I saw his all clothes removed and were on the bed. He was in bathroom (was maturbating he told me later), he came after a bath and said the survey is over and thanx for it. He then went to the dinner table and was having dinner. I came back to his room without telling him to see the survey on his computer. I saw the survey and closed the file, he was still eating so I decided to play some games on his computer. I opened the computer start button there while scrolling through my cursor got hung at the recent documents and there I saw my name, I was curious so opened it. I was shocked to see that, it was a movie of me he had put a web cam on while I had come to his room to measure weight of my boobs. I was embarrassed seeing that. Now all the doubts of he being professional were over. Now I decided to catch him red handed and decided to seduce him so much that he will have to do it in front of me.
I again went back to the table where he was eating, this time I also changed my clothes and wore a bit thin night gown with contrasting bra and panties so he could see it clearly my bra and panties through the night gown. I then bended a lot showing him lot of cleavages on he pretext of picking a spoon from below the table. His eyes were getting bigger. After the dinner we both were sitting on the sofa watching tv. I then started the discussion what he is going to do regarding the ad model he was looking for. He said I am going to loose my job nothing more. Then just to tease him I dropped the remote control of the tv in front of him. I bended on top of his knees and while trying to pick up rested my breasts over his knees. This was a gr8 feeling to tease a young guy like that. I was not able to pick it up so stood up and then went close to the remote and bended to pick it up this time I had lowered my gown zip a bit and this gave a such a gr8 scene to him. Again I sat next to him on the sofa and asked what the models paid for an ad shoot. He said abt 25000. I said it is good amount. This gave him the required opportunity and said bhabhi can u save my job, can u do me a shoot for me. I said I am not that good and cannot do what if ure brother comes to know etc, he said he will morph my face with other but not worry it will remain between u and me. I after a lot of drama said yes.
He gave me my size bra and panties of his company. I took them and went inside my bedroom and wore it. I then called him inside. His eyes looked stunned at me seeing me in bra and panties and the words of sexy came out of his mouth. He brought the digital cam and started taking pics in all possible positions specifically asking me to bend a lot and would u see a lot in the cam lens before shooting the pic. He then gave me another set of bra and panties and asked me to wear that. This was very seductive lingerie. I wore that and called him in. He asked to take a position with my hands above my head and one of the legs on the bed. He went behind the lens and was abt to take a click he came close to me and said that a thread is hanging from my right boob. I was abt to pull it he said no don't pull it the whole thread would come out. He then looked for a scissor but couldn't get it. He then asked whether he can break with his teeth confidently and before waiting for my yes or no he just brought his face right close to my boobs and put the thread in between his teeth. He had initially taken the support of my shoulders His hand came on coming down his one hand was over my boobs now. Seeing no protest he got bold and on pretext of breaking the thread started touching my boobs with his lips. Then he thought he had crossed the limit then he broke the thread with his teeth but with that the bra also gave in and one of boob got exposed. he saw my naked boob and clicking pics of them for a while when I covered it he was continuing to do that. He put his cam on auto clicking and came next to me and removed my had and looked at my boob pulled the other part of my bra which was covering those and saw them fully naked. He then said where on earth I will get a more beautiful model for campaign and started to suck my boobs turn by turn
He then concentrated on my panties and removed them. He then threw me on bed and kissed me everywhere. He licked me in between my thighs and it was a gr8 feeling. I just couldn't control. He then got bold and was ordering me like his wife and told me suck him. I sucked him for 15 mins in and out licking it sucking it playing with the balls. Then he finally cum in my mouth. He then started to suck my boobs again and asked me to held them tight he started to ti fuck me this position I had never had with my hubby. After some time when he got hard again lifed one leg and started to do in between my legs. Started to do in my pussy slowly to start with then with more power. I was moaning hard now. Held the bed with arms and he was thrusting his youth into me. More harder and more faster. My juices were already giving in, he then also cum in me and collapsed over me. After which he laid side by me for some time and again his youth prompted him that he can do more now. This was something which I always wanted. He again started to put my dick in my mouth and in no matter it was stiff again. He was going deaper and deeper making me not able to breathe. Seeing me in bad position he withdrew and gave me time to get back to normal. He then asked me has bhaiya done to u in ass. I said no this brought him so excitement and he deided to deflower my ass hole himself to which I begged I cannot take it. My hole is too small and wont able to accommodate. He said ok but he told me he will do with fingers I said ok for that. He made me bend on my knees over the bed he started inserting the finger after putting it in vaselin. More deeper and deeper. While I was enjoying the feeling there. I saw him applying lot of vaselin on his dick and without me stopping he inserted it in a flash his cock inside my ass hole. I cried and screamed with pain. He said don't worry u will enjoy now and started to put slowly more and more of his cock inside me bringing lot of screams out of me. He then startd to do me more harder there. I was not able to bear it I had held the bed with my hands while he was pumping inside me. He said this was best feeling of his life. And was screaming my name smitaa (no bhabhi calling) this was arousing me more. He then took hold of my boobs support from behind and started to ram harder making me cry in pain. He after a few hard strokes came and immediately we both collapsed. I had no power left in me.
Next day he submitted the project after my morphing and my survey he got an incream