This is a work of one of my fantasies. Any resemblance to any
existing people or events is coincidental. These stories are my
desires and fantasies and will stay at that. If a story involving
sexual contact with minors, taboo subjects or any other sexual
acts bothers you or is illegal where you live, stop reading now.
I know I'm not a good writer, but at least I am trying to
"entertain" you
.
Any ideas or feedback    ...... 1darkstar@mail.com

Older mother, son incest

Part 2

As she walked in I stood up. Our shopping trip was worth it. Mum
stopped at the door. She had the black suspenders on with
matching stockings. The half cup sheer, black bra held her tits
up while still allowing her hard dark nipples to rest over the
top. Her see through French knickers allowed full view of her
smooth mound. I told her to turn slowly so I could admire her.
She was unsteady on her 7 inch red stilettoes as she turned. Her
wide hips and arse were a little sagging but still very
suggestive. She completed her turn and held her hands together,
covering herself as best she could. Her bright red lipstick was
to much as I approached her, my cock pushing against her
knickers, driving into her slit as I humped her, the silk
knickers become wet with my pre cum. My lips meet hers, my
tongue working its way into her mouth. I moved her arms around me,
and then my hands moved to cup her arse. I continued to force my
tongue around her mouth, sliding my hands into her knickers to
squeeze her bare cheeks. I pulled them apart and let my finger to
rub round her soft anus. She flinched as my finger probed her
tight hole. I pushed her onto the bed and spread her legs and lay
on top, continuing kissing. I slide down to her nipples and took
one in my mouth while moving her arms under her. She started to
complain that it was being rough.
"You do love me, don't you? We have been married for so long; it
would be horrible to end it now"
"Sorry sweet heart, you just hurt me a bit" she looked down into
my eyes, I almost felt sorry, almost.
"If you really loved me you would do what I wanted and I would
stay, you want me to stay?" She nodded yes and looked away,
staring at the ceiling.
I moved down until my face was level with her slit. I slowly
pulled her knickers down; mum lifted her arse up to help me. One
leg slipped out, giving me the opportunity to push her legs
wider. I used my tongue to find her clit, sucking the hood into
my mouth as she tensed. I was not going to stop now. My hands
were either side of her lips as they spread her open. I looked at
her soft pink flesh and spread her open more her clit, which was
standing out from its cover, I ran the tip of my tongue over her
clit,I opened my mouth wide to cover as much of her mound, then
sucked it in. Mum started to wriggle and edge away, I grabbed
behind her knees and brought them up, pushing them onto her
chest. This opened her tunnel up. I told her to keep her legs
there. I pushed 2 fingers from each hand in her dry hole and
spread her more open so I could look in. This is where I had
passed from over 30 years ago. As I tried to look deeper in,
imaging where I had been conceived. I used my tongue, moving it
from her clit down to enter her dry hole , then to rest on her
brown, tight anus and back to her hole so I could tongue fuck
her. I needed to see further in her. I pulled my fingers apart
more, she let out a pained moan, but I kept spreading .Her hole
gapping open almost 5 inches now. I could see the pinkness, wet
with my tonguing. I could hold back any more and climbed up,
pinning her legs on her chest. I looked into her eyes and asked
her if she was ready. I plunged my cock fully in her, her eyes
widened as I fully penetrated her. I knew I couldn't hold out for
too long as I fully with drew then slammed in hard again, my
balls slapping her spread arse with every thrust. Each fuck moved
her up the bed.
"I'm cumming, can you feel my seed deep in you,  take it mum"
"I pushed hard down and unloaded. I could move for a few minutes,
Eventually I rolled off her and allowed her to stretch her legs
out.
"That was fantastic; you still feel my seed in you"
"I don't like talking dirty like that""
"Well, I do and  you will in the future, when I ask a dirty
question you will answer with a dirty answer" The thought of
Leaving mum full of my seed was arousing me again, I moved mums
hand onto my cock and told her to get me hard. She didn't know
what to do, so I pushed the back of her head down grabbing her
hair.
"Seems a shame to waste that red lipstick, use your mouth to get
me hard "I watched as her red lips opened to take the head in. I
put one hand on the back of her head and guided her down. My
other hand found her arse crack. I let my fingers trace up and
down, then they found the target. I pushed in up to the first
knuckle and moved it around. She tried lifting her head to speak,
but I held her there, slowly starting to hump her mouth. I told
her I was going to loosen her hole up and as she mumbled a No, I
pushed another finger in telling her to be a good girl .It didn't
really matter what she liked. I pushed her head down, further on
to my cock; she was struggling to take it. When I pushed in, she
would start to gag and try to lift her head.
"You're going to learn to take it in your throat, I want to see
your red lips at the base of my cock. "I took my fingers out of
her arse and held her head in both hands.
"Keep your head still while I fuck your mouth". Every time I
pushed up she would try to move her head away, but with each push
I was getting deeper. After a few minutes I managed to get it
fully in. I held her head still and felt her gagging on my cock;
she was becoming frantic and tried to pull away. I released her
head, she shoot straight up and grasped for air, her eyes
streaming with water from the choking.
"Don't get comfortable, now you can do it, I want it more, but
without my hands. Now climb over me and let me get your arse
while you deep throat me. Don't disappoint me "
I had her stockinged legs each side of my shoulders and her arse
spread before me as her head lowered on to my cock again. She
still gaged as she took it in, never fully, her head bobbing up
and down, working her tongue into the tip as she pulled up. I was
now pulling her cheeks apart which helped to open her brown hole.
 Used the tip of my tongue to trace circles round her brown
opening. She was relaxing it as my tongue started to enter. I was
tongue fucking my mums brown hole. I was fucking her mouth
faster.
"I'm going to cum in your mouth, swallow it all, don't waste any
"a big push and I shot deep in her throat, I could hear her
gagging, but swallowing, wave after wave of cum filled her mouth
and she swallowed most. There was little white cream at the sides
of her mouth.
 Could things get any better? I as I lay there having mum suck my
cock hard and forcing her arse to expand, the idea came to me. I
need to get some hormone replacement for her.
