The usual disclaimer: If you are under 18 years of age and you are reading this you are being naughty children and should immediately stop and delete this file.  If you live in a community where this type of stuff is illegal, I suggest you move.  
		      Any similarities to persons living or dead is purely intentional.  Names may have been changed to protect the horny.	

It would really help if you read my 2 previous stories,  'Firsts' and 'Getting Even' , before reading any further.

Birthday Presents    by   TheRant   (Final Archive Version)
-----------------------

	It was my 18th birthday.
	The girls had been excited about it at school all day, whispering back and forth by themselves, smiling at me knowingly, pretending  that nothing was going on.  Kathy, sporting a short, sexy hairstyle flirted with me all day ..., which in itself wasn't anything unusual, but all Michelle would do was smile that sweet Jello smile of hers at me and say that I'd just have to wait until later for my surprise.  Surprises from Michelle usually either felt, or tasted delicious,....  or sometimes both.
	We  only a little over a month left of the 12th grade, and had already made plans for the summer and the start of university classes in September.  We now knew that we would have only a few more months together before we would all  be separated by thousands of kilometers for months, maybe years at a time and we tried to make the most of that little time left.
	I hurried home after school was over to get ready for later.  Michelle had asked me to come over to her place after supper.  My mom made me a special meal and a birthday cake and  gave me my birthday present, a leather jacket , that  I decided to wear it when I went over to Michelle's.  In the interior pocket I slipped another gift that I had opened first thing that morning, but hadn't yet had a chance to really look at yet.   
	When I arrived at Michelle's house, I found that both of her parents and her little brother were about to go out for supper and a movie.  Michelle's mom told me happy birthday and actually gave me a kiss on the cheek while her father just nodded at me a harsh glare in his eyes.  He knew what I did with his little girl on a regular basis but had decided long ago that there was nothing he could do about it.  He didn't have to like it though.
	Inside the house I found the two girls waiting for me and greeted them each with a hug and long wet kiss.
	"You got your parents to go out for the evening?" I asked Michelle, thrilled with the idea.
	"Yup." Michelle agreed.  "That's the first part of your birthday present from me.  My mom promised they won't be back until after 11:00."
	"First part?" I had to ask.
	Michelle just smiled and nodded her pretty head, shaking a wave of soft red hair at me.  "Just wait til later for the rest."
	Kathy , always one to rush the obvious, started to unbutton the front of her blouse.  "How bout we start early and get naked right now."
	Michelle laughed at, and with, her friend and started to help her remove her clothes.  Not wanting to be left out I garbed hold of Kathy too and did my best to help.  After Kathy was completely naked, we turned on Michelle and quickly stripped her until a pile of clothes had gathered on the floor.   Then they both looked at me with evil grins and pounced on me, actually tearing a button off my shirt in their haste to get me to join them in their natural state.
	"I've already had supper," I said staring at the two luscious morsels before me.  "So I guess that makes you two desert."
	"Uh uh." Michelle explained.  "That's in the kitchen for later.  But if you're hungry right now I'm sure Kathy and I could let you eat something."
	Both giggling, they sat on the couch next to each other, raised their legs and spread them as wide as they could.  They both did look good enough to eat..., and I felt suddenly very hungry.  I dived first for Michelle, burying my face in that sweet warmth and giving her pussy a long French kiss.  Then moving only a foot or two to my right I started on Kathy, licking away at the nectar gushing out of her in her excitement.  From one to the other I jumped, one hand buried in the folds of each cunt, finger fucking them and stroking each clit while my mouth licked away at the continuos flow of juices that dripped around my digits.  Both girls tasted very different but both fantastic, and together they formed an intoxicating ambrosia.
	Kathy was the first to climax.  She had always been very sensitive and reactive to a good tongue lashing, and reaching out to squeeze Michelle hand she let out a scream as her little body tensed and shook.  I stayed with her through the entire orgasm , extending it on with judicial licks and kiss of her clit until she forcibly pushed my head away from between her legs as it got too much for her.
	I dove back in for one hurried lick from the bottom near her asshole up to her clit then switched over to Michelle, and tried to see if I could get her to out do Kathy's orgasm.  It didn't take long.  Watching and feeling her best friend shake herself near to collapse had really primed her and as soon as my tongue joined my already probing fingers I felt the slow build up a major explosion.
	She first just trembled and let out purring moans, that got louder and louder until in a single long piercing scream she flooded my mouth and face with pulses of hot sweet feminine cum.  I dived in and licked it all up, causing the tremors to erupt into a full earthquake as her hips jumped and bounced on the cushion beneath that lovely ass.  I had to pull my other hand from Kathy hot twat and hold onto Michelle to keep myself form being bucked off.  
	Then almost anti-climatically, her body just gave out and she melted into a puddle of relaxed muscles.  I continued to lick deep inside her, and at her clit but only got a few weak contraction from her overload senses back in appreciation.  Looking up at her sweat drenched face she stared dazed back at me.
	"Wow!" Kathy screamed enjoying the show.  "I thought you'd brought me off good, but Michelle..., I've never seen her go off like that before."
	I raised up and kissed Michelle, licking the sweat  off her upper lip.  "Are you all right?"
	She looked back at me her breath still a bit ragged.  "That was ...  Yes, I think I'll be fine now.  Or in a few  minutes anyway."
	Kathy jumped over and into our arms as we had a long three way French kiss the girls licking each others juices of my drenched , sticky face.  
	After a while I stood up, and went to pick up my jacket from the pile of clothes.  From the inside pocket I pulled out a box just a little bigger than a pocket book.
	"I got this in the mail a few days ago, but the card that came with it said not to open it until today."
	I passed it over, with the card to the girls.  
	"A video tape?" Kathy said, slipping the tape out of the plastic container it was in.
	"Simple, Have a Happy Birthday.  Don't open your present until your birthday, ...and be sure you have some privacy before you look at it.  I love you, Lisa."  Michelle said reading the card out loud.
	"You sure had some effect on her.  " Kathy said inspecting the video cassette.  "You sure you don't want to watch it first by yourself."
	I took it from her and walked over to the TV set and slipped it into the video recorder under it.  Going back to the girls I slipped between them and wrapped an arm around each of them, caressing a firm breast in each hand.  
	"Can one of you use the remote?" I asked.  "My hands seem to be full."
	Michelle giggled and turned the TV and VCR on.  
	The screen was black for the first few seconds and then a close up of a nose jumped out at us.  Slowly Lisa back away from the camera she was using and sat a few feet away smiling at it.  She was really dressed up, wearing a long , flowing red dress that clung tightly to her athletic body and showed a large expanse of cleavage.  Her hair was piled high on her head in a very flattering style while a few sexy wisps of hair hung down by the sides of her face.      
	"Happy Birthday Simple.  I hope you're having a good time."
	I looked at the two naked girls in my arms and decided I certainly was.
	"She's really lovely," Kathy said to me leaning her head on my shoulder.  "You must have had a hell of a summer."
	"I wish I was there to make it even better but for now this will have to do."
	She walked off the screen for second, then music began to play in the background.  When she walked back in to the picture she smiled sexily at the camera, winked at me and started to undo her hair until the long blond strands hung around her .
	"She's not going to...?"  Michelle said staring in amazement at the TV.
	"Oh I think she is." I told her just as glued to the picture.
	Lisa blew me a kiss then reached her hands behind her neck to unzip the dress.  Undone it flowed down her body, piling in a little cloud as her feet.
	"You really , really must have had a good time last summer," Kathy said giggling.
	Lisa hadn't changed must in the last year.  Her high firm breasts were wrapped in a silky black bra, her upward pointing nipples already poking hard through the material.  Her hard flat stomach wriggled sensuously as she danced, her black panties clinging tightly to round firm hips leading down to athletic muscular legs.
	"I really wish you were here to take these off for me, but since your not I'll just have to do it myself."
	As she reached around her back to undo the bra clasp I felt a hand snake down and grip my hard, enraged cock in its hand.  Looking at Kathy I saw her smiling at me as she started to slowly jerk me up and down.
	"Ooooo," Michelle let out a sigh as the bra landed on the floor.  "She has really great tits."
	"Yeah there really soft, with nice juicy nipples." I commented making Michelle giggle.
	Looking at me she saw what Kathy was doing to me and reached a hand of her own down to join in.  Gently she kneaded my balls in time with Kathy's bobbing hand.
	"Ohhhhhhh!" I let out a groan of my own.
	"Look!" Kathy screamed stopping her ministrations and pointing at the TV.
	Lisa had just added her panties to the floor and now stood completely nude in front of the camera We all stared as she put a hand on either side of her hips and moved closer to the camera so just her pubic area was on the screen.  A nicely shaped, blond heart pointed down toward the slit between her legs.
	Both girls next to me exploded in laughter together, and I had to join in.  
	"How much about us did you tell her?" Michelle finally asked, wiping away tears with the hand that wasn't in my groin.
	I pulled my own hand from around her shoulders and buried it in her crotch.  "About as much as I told you about her."
	"Don't forget about me!" Kathy pleaded reaching back for my cock.
	Pulling my other arm from her, I held her by the back of her head and kissed her hard on the mouth.  "Now that's something I'd never be able to do."
	Burying my hand in her wet cunt, I slipped two fingers up into her and began to wiggle them around.  Appreciating the act, she began to pump me harder.
	Back on the TV Lisa had gone to the chair in front of the camera and sat down in it, her legs spread wide and a gaping pink mouth almost smiling at us from between her legs.  "I hope you like the heart.  It took me a few tries before I got it right.  I just wish you were here to really appreciate it."
	"That's one hot girl you've got there." Michelle told me.  "You better call her tomorrow and thank her for this.  Just too bad you can't push your tongue,...  or better yet your cock down the phone.  She looks like she needs one bad."
	"Not anymore!" Kathy yelled excitedly.
	Lisa had reached over to the table and picked up an object that had been hidden until now,  a long, lifelike rubber cock.  She caressed it in her hands, then rubbed it against her hard nipples, smiling at the sensation.
	When she began to lick it and suck on it I couldn't hold back any longer.  Kathy, knowing by now how my cock worked felt it get rock hard and bent forward to surround the head with her lips.  Still pumping with her hand she began to suck it into her mouth.  
	"Ahhhhhh!" I let out a loud groan and my hips shot upward reflexively, pushing my cock further into her wet mouth as the first gush of cum shot out of its tip.  She quickly swallowed it making room for more.  As it slowly trickled down to just a few weak spurts she took her mouth off it and let the white syrup coat the head and her fingers.
	"You want a taste?" she asked Michelle, who just bent over and began to send shivers of bliss of my spine as she licked the cum of the sensitive head.  Her hand still holding my balls she gently milked them, pushing the last few thick drops out and onto her waiting tongue.  Then taking Kathy's hand from my cock she licked it clean.
	My two girls bent foreword, in a deep tongue filled kiss as I watched over there heads as Lisa begin to slowly work the big dildo up inside herself.  As the girls separated they both smiled a white sticky smile at me then began to watch Lisa expertly masturbate herself into a series of powerful orgasms.
	"I've got to get me one of them." Kathy said looking at the cock-like dildo as it pulled out, then pushed inside Lisa's  wet, juicy gash.
	"We don't need one while we've got the real thing." Michelle declared as she started to massage my half-soft cock back to full size.
	Covered with sweat, and shivering from her last orgasm Lisa pulled the dildo out of her dripping cunt and raised it up above her head.  As a wet gooey drop reached the tip she stuck out her tongue and licked it up, then cleaned the rest of her fluids of the plastic cock.
	"I'm still pretty tasty at both ends, if you ever want to find out again." She said smiling at the camera.  "Happy Birthday Simple, I hope you enjoyed the show."
	"I think we did, didn't we girls?" I said kissing them each once and getting a pleasurable purr of agreement back form them.  	
	"And knowing you Simple, you'll probably show this to those two ladies you're so crazy about." Lisa added.  "Kathy and Michelle, just take care of him and make sure you give him an extra special birthday present from me."
	Then after blowing me a kiss she walked up to the camera and turned it off.  The TV screen stayed black for a second before the familiar blankness of snowy static took over.
	Michelle turned both the TV and VCR off.
	"Now there's a girl we can't let down." Michelle declared.  "Right Kathy?"
	"No way." Kathy agreed.  "We'll just have to make sure we give him something a little extra just for Lisa."
	Both girls jumped on me, showering my face, neck and chest with wet kisses, before we eventually all met in a long three way kiss.
	"But that'll have to wait for later." Michelle said as she pulled back.  "First we've got to give him his presents and build up some strength for later."
	Each girl grabbed a hand and dragged me into the diningroom.  Sitting on the table where two beautifully wrapped boxes.  They sat me in front of them then told me not to touch them until they came back.  I watched their butts wiggle deliciously as they hurried off into the kitchen.
	I let out a groan of embarrassment as they came back a minute later singing 'Happy Birthday' .  Michelle had a cake covered in candles balanced in front of her while Kathy had the plates and utensils with her.  
	Michelle slowly lowered the cake in front of me and both girls cheered me on as I blew out the candles.  
	"What did you wish for?" Kathy asked as the last candle flickered and died.
	"Something I will hopefully get later." I said leering at her and sending her into a fit of giggles.
	"Now for the presents." Michelle said pushing over the two boxes.
	"Mine first! Mine first!" Kathy demanded.
	I tore the paper of her gift and found a plain cardboard box.  Opening it up I gasped when I saw what was inside.  Reaching in with both hands I delicately pulled out a two foot long braid of silky soft blond hair.  Raising it to my face I took a long breath and smelt that fragrance I always associated with Kathy.
	"Do you like it." Kathy asked nervously.
	I pulled her into my lap and kissed her for a full minute, our tongues diving into each other, while my erect cock stuck up between her legs rubbing her pussy.  "I love it.  It's beautiful.  Is that why you cut your hair?"
	She nodded happily, pleased that I liked it.  "I couldn't figure out what to get you.  18 is such a special birthday.  I wanted to give you something just from me...  and it just felt right."
	I kissed her again for a long time, until the sound of Michelle clearing her voice made us break up.
	"My turn now."
	"What?" I asked her jokingly.  "You want to sit in my lap now."
	"Actually, yes." She said carefully dropping on me, making sure that she didn't accidentally squish any vital and erect organs.  "But I want you to open my present now."
	There was a card attached to her package, but she told me to wait until opening the box before opening the envelope.  Tearing off the paper I found another cardboard box.  Inside this one though was a large bottle of champagne.  I'd never actually tried it before but it was supposed to be good.
	"How'd you manage to get this?" I had to ask her.  We were both 18 now, but still not of legal age to buy anything alcoholic.
	"My mom bought it for me when I told her I wanted one for your birthday." She told me.
	If I haven't said it before I'll say it again.  Michelle has the coolest mom in the world.
	I began to undo the foil and wire wrapping at the top of the bottle but Michelle said we could do that later.  Instead she handed over the card to me with a grin and told me to open it.
	Inside was an ordinary birthday card saying 'Have a Happy Birthday' on the front, but after opening the card I found a smaller, wallet sized laminated card taped inside.  On one side was a picture of Michelle totally naked smiling sexily at me, the swollen lips of her pussy visible.  On the other in large illuminated letters it said:
			Get into Tail Free Card
		This card allows the bearer free access to
		Michelle XXXXXXX's sexual favors.  
				Exp.  01/01/2099

	I looked up at Michelle with a bit of disappointment.  "You mean after 2099 I can't have sex with you anymore?"
	"Oh you!" Michelle said giving me a hit on the shoulder.  "When this one expires, then we can negotiate for another one."
	"Oh, in that case..." I said before kissing Michelle just as long and hard as I had Kathy.
	"Cake time." Kathy declared as Michelle and I separated.  "We need you to build up your strength for later."
	I had a feeling that I would need all the calories I could get.
	We cut and ate the cake, leaving the rest on the table with a note to Michelle's mother saying anybody who wanted some could have a piece.  Then we headed upstairs into her parents bathroom and a good soak in the Jacuzzi.  It had been over two years since we had been able to be this free in the house but it felt right and comfortable.
	In the hot, whirling water , Kathy came over to me , felt under the water for my cock, and held it up as she straddled my hips and slid it inside her  cunt.  Michelle sat opposite us playing footsy with me as Kathy and I pushed back and forth into each other.  
	Kathy closed her eyes, lost in the heat ,movement and sensuality of the moment.  I stroked the short, wet hair plastered to her head, then the smooth skin of her face,  the soft petals of her lips , the curve of her neck, the soft mounds of her breasts and hard buttons of her nipples.   When I finally kissed her, her eyes opened only an inch from mine showing a mix of lust and love as they focused right back into mine.
	We just held each other, our entire bodies glued together until we both climaxed together in a slow, gentle wave that went on and on.  
	"You two all right?" Michelle asked pulling us out of the state.  "You both kind of zoned out there for a second."
	Kathy smiled at me gave a small peck on the lips and pulled herself off of me.  I reluctantly let her go sit next to Michelle, and watched as she pushed Michelle into the position she had just vacated.  
	I repeated the whole process with Michelle but we didn't end up with the same rapport that Kathy and I had fell into.  Still, our finish was explosive, sending flashes of fireworks that blurred my vision.  
	Michelle sent Kathy and I off to her bedroom after that and told us to wait for her.  We lay together on Michelle's bed, our wet bodies stoking each other while we waited patiently for her return.  When she came back up she was carrying the pile of our clothes we had left downstairs, the champagne bottle cushioned on top, and three wine glasses.  
	After we took the stuff from her she smiled at us both.  "If anybody has to use the bathroom you'd better go now.  Once I lock the door it stays closed until tomorrow morning."
	Kathy took her up on the offer while I stared questioningly at her.
	"You're both staying the night." She told me.  Then handed me the phone to call my mom and let her know I wouldn't be back tonight.
	I had a few questions still, but when Michelle took the attitude she had right now there was nothing to do but obey her.  My mom had a few questions herself for me but I ducked around them and quickly said good-bye to her.
	When Kathy came back, Michelle locked the door and then pulled us all to the bed.
	"Kathy doesn't have to phone her mother?" I asked.
	"No, I let her know before I came over that I wouldn't be back until tomorrow." Kathy said me sharing a conspiracal smile with Michelle.
	Since that week with the girls two years ago the three of us had had sex in here at least a hundred times, but I'd never stayed the night.  "Won't your parents say anything?"
	"My mom can handle my dad." Michelle told me handing me the Champagne bottle to open.  "And I told my mom you two were staying over before she left.  She said since we're all adults now whatever we want to do is all right"
	Like I said, Michelle has the coolest mom.
	The little wire basket over the top and the foil came off easily from the bottle but It took a little work to finally get the cork out.  I must have shook it a bit much since it started fizzing and squirting as it noisily popped out.  I got to get a good look at Kathy's mouth work as her head dived forward  pushing her mouth over the opening, sucking down the escaping liquid.  It was quite strange looking at her doing that from such a different angle.  
	I felt a bit jealous of the bottle right then.
	After the bubbling calmed down, we filled the three wine glasses up with the champagne and held out our glasses in a toast.
	"Happy 18th Birthday Simon." Michelle said to me that Jello smile making my stomach flutter.
	"Let's hope we can get together like this for the next one." Kathy added sniffling a bit.  She said it was from all the bubbles in the champagne, but that didn't explain why her eyes were so wet.
	"To the three fuckateers!" I said, before clinking the glasses together.
	We spent all night living up to our name.



	I still have all three gifts that the girls gave me.  They're all locked away with all my other most precious possessions in a safe in my house.
	 I made back up copies of Lisa's tape just in case anything happened to it and last year copied it over ,more permanently  I hope, onto to CD-ROM.  I phoned her the next day after the birthday party and thanked her..., having my first experience with what would come to be known as phone sex.  Then at Christmas I got a card from her..., and that was the last I heard from her until I met her again several years later.
	Kathy's braid I keep in a hermetically sealed  box, and I can still make out a bit of her aroma when I take it out every now and then to enjoy it.
	Michelle's 'Get Into Tail Free' card I've never had to use.  She has always been there for me without it.


	TheRant's Tales
	---------------------
	Firsts
	Getting Even
	Birthday Presents
	Karate Girl (Cumming Soon)
	Greek Lessons (Cumming Soon)
	Staying Even (Cumming Soon)
	Going Down Under (Cumming Soon)
	My Indian Princess (Cumming Soon)


TheRant 
