He woke up the next morning with a hangover; and a sick feeling in his stomach that had nothing to do with alcohol. Beside him, Rimmer was still sleeping soundly. Lister crept out of bed silently, not wanting to wake him, and went down to the river to find a secluded spot where he could clean himself off. 

As he stood knee-deep in the freezing water, washing away the evidence of the night’s festivities, he thought he’d never missed the hot showers on Starbug so much. But then, he didn’t think he’d ever felt this dirty before. As he thought about what he’d done last night, he was suddenly overcome with nausea. He doubled over and threw-up into the water and the vomit was swiftly washed away in the current. He sat down hard on the bank and breathed deeply for a few moments. The feeling of wanting to cry was back, but he was damned if he was going to sit here howling on this riverbank stark-naked while his toes got frostbite. Anyway, he didn’t have time. He had to get to the farm. Richard would get snippy if he was late and, quite frankly, he could do without being balled by anyone else this week.

To his surprise, when he arrived at work, Richard was feeling compassionate. “Are you okay?” he asked him, “You look like about ten different kinds of crap.”

“I’m fine,” Lister said weakly, “I’m just hung-over.”

“You don’t look hung-over,” Richard said doubtfully, “You look sick. Are you sure you want to be here? You can go back to bed if you want.”

Lister was tempted for a moment to take him up on the offer, but the thought of lying at home staring at the ceiling and thinking about last night didn’t appeal. He needed to be busy right now. “I’m okay, Rich, really. I just need some coffee or something.”

“Well, if you’re sure,” Richard said doubtfully, “I’ll tell you what; the hay barn needs seeing to and I’m sure Adam and Jase can manage without you in the fields today. Why don’t you stay in there and do some stacking? It’ll be nice and cool; and being out of the sun will help your headache.”

“Okay. Thanks, man,” Lister smiled as best he could.

There was something soothing about being in the barn. It was simple. Uncomplicated. You secured the bale, you lifted, you swept. It was all very straightforward and just what Lister needed. After a few hours, he sat down on one of the bales with a weary sigh, to rest for a bit. He wondered vaguely what Rimmer was doing. Probably strutting round the forest thinking about last night and feeling like King of the Jungle. 

So why didn’t he feel that way too? After all, technically speaking, he’d got the best of it, right? He was the one who’d been screwed damn near crazy by two incredible guys who both claimed to love him. And it had been good. Hell, it had been amazing! So why did he feel so lousy about the whole thing? 

Because he’d been used. Maybe he’d asked for it, perhaps even deserved it – they had, after all been using Jason in order to fulfil their fantasy – but that didn’t make him feel any better. By the end of the night the pair of them had just been too drunk and too horny to think about him and so they had simply ploughed ahead with their own desires – and he couldn’t say no because it was two against one. Despite all of Rimmer’s romantic protestations, last night hadn’t been about Lister at all. Rimmer had just wanted to watch him being done by another guy and he’d fed him all that crap so he’d go along with it. He’d lied to him. Betrayed him!

No. That wasn’t true. He couldn’t blame Rimmer for all this. Rimmer had given him plenty of chances to say no. He’d gone along with it all quite willingly enough and he had nobody else to blame.

He felt a strong pair of arms slide around his shoulders and for a moment he thought that Rimmer had come to find him. Maybe he wasn’t feeling too great about what had happened either and had come to talk it out...

“Hi,” Jason said gently, “I brought you some lunch. Richard said you weren’t feeling well.”

“I’m okay,” Lister said, shrugging him off as tactfully as possible, “I’m just feeling a little hung-over, that’s all.”

“I’m not surprised,” Jason smiled at him secretively, “We all put away a fair bit last night.”

“Yeah,” Lister agreed flatly.

Jason put down a plate in front of him, resting it on the hay bale. “Here. You’ll feel better once you’ve had something to eat.” Lister’s stomach gurgled warily and he remembered the vomiting this morning; but that had been hours ago now and he probably should try and get something in his stomach. Tentatively, he picked up the thick slice of bread and butter on his plate and took a bite. It showed no signs of wanting to come back up once he swallowed it, so he took that as a good sign and finished the rest.

When he was done, Jason moved the plate onto the floor and sat down beside him, “Is that any better?”

“Yes. Thank you.”

“You look better. But then...you always look good to me.” Jason slid an arm around his waist and leaned forward to kiss him, but Lister turned his face away. “What’s wrong?”

“Don’t, Jason.”

“You’re kidding, right? Everything we did last night and you’re suddenly getting squeamish over a kiss?”

“Jason...” Lister stood up and moved back a few paces, “Last night was...” A horrible mistake. “...It was fun. But it doesn’t change anything between us. I’m still with Rimmer.”

“I think last night changes a few things, Dave,” Jason said quietly.

“We have to pretend it doesn’t,” Lister replied, gently but firmly. “I’m sorry, Jase, but I told you before. You and me just can’t happen.”

“Yeah, you told me that,” Jason said angrily, getting to his feet, “And I understood you. But that was before you and your boyfriend invited me to come over and play piggy in the middle with you as the pig! I mean, forgive me if I’m getting mixed signals here, Dave!” 

“Jason...”

“I mean, Christ, what do you want from me? To pretend that nothing happened? To just act like everything’s normal?”

“Yes! That’s exactly what I want!” Lister shouted back.

Jason took a deep breath, “I don’t know if I can do that.”

“You have to. We both do.”

“This isn’t fair, Dave.”

“I know,” Lister said, suddenly feeling exhausted and hopeless. He sat down heavily on another hay bale and hid his face, “I know.”

He heard Jason sigh, and then he was there, kneeling down in front of him and gently taking his wrists to move his hands away from his face. “Look at me.” Lister did look up, rather guiltily, and Jason looked at him hard. “I love you, Dave. Whether you believe it or not, whether you care or not, I love you. And I think that earns me at least the right to an explanation for what’s going on here.”

“There’s nothing going on, Jason. This was all just a mistake! One big, horrid mistake!”

“I don’t buy that,” Jason tightened his grip on Lister’s wrists, “This wasn’t some spur of the moment drunken thing that you didn’t mean to happen; you guys planned last night. It doesn’t take a genius to work that out. So why?”

“It was what Rimmer wanted.”

“What you wanted, you mean! You wanted me and this was the only way of getting round it, right? By including your boyfriend!”

“I hate to break it to you,” Lister tried to pull away again but Jason was holding him too tightly, “But this was all Rimmer’s idea – not mine!”

“He asked you to whore yourself out to me just so he could get his rocks off? Christ, Dave, he really must love you to treat you with such respect!” Jason spat.

“You don’t know anything about our relationship!” Lister snapped back at him, “And I hardly think you’re in any position to be pointing fingers, man! I didn’t hear you rushing to defend my honour last night!”

“Considering what happened last night, Dave, I don’t think there’s much of your honour left to defend.”

“So why are you still here?”

“Because I love you, dammit!” Jason yelled, “And I think that deep down you love me too!”

“Well, I’m sorry, Jason; but I don’t. I don’t now and I never will!”

“I don’t believe you!” Jason glared at him, “No matter what you say, there’s a connection between us. Last night when we were together...”

“It was sex, Jason! That’s all! It was good and it was fun but nothing more than that!”

“You’re lying. I know you are!” Jason gripped him more tightly.

“Jason, you’re hurting me!” Lister tried to pull away but Jason held fast,

“You must have known this was going to happen! You can’t have honestly thought that we’d be able to carry on as normal after something like this! So why did you do it, Dave? Why?”

“Let me go!” 

Lister wrenched away and bolted out of the barn. He ran home and threw himself on the bed, crying. How had this all gone wrong? How had he ever thought that this would sort things out? Everything was more screwed up than ever!

He hadn’t expected Jason to follow him, so when he stormed in after him, he actually jumped up in alarm. “Just tell me one thing!” Jason shouted at him, striding over to him and standing way too close for comfort, “Did you ever admit to Rimmer what happened between us that night out on the plains?”

“What?” Lister was stunned, “No! Of course I didn’t!”

“And do you really think he would have ever even considered doing what we did last night if he had known?”

“I don’t know,” Lister said desperately, “Maybe...If he’d thought...”

“Bullshit! If he knew the truth there’s no way he ever would have let me near you! You can sit there and tell me that this was what Rimmer wanted until you’re blue in the face, but the reality is that this wasn’t what Rimmer would have wanted at all! If he’d known the whole story he would never have gone along with it! You tricked him!”

“That’s not true!” Lister yelled back, “I never wanted...by the time I found out...It was more complicated than that!”

“Well, right now it all looks pretty simple to me!” Jason yelled, “You lied to him, you strung me along, and all so you could have the best of both worlds; a nice cosy relationship and a bit of fun on the side!” Lister started to protest but Jason was still in full-flow; “Well, I think it’s time that your happy little ride got rocked a bit!” He shoved Lister back hard across the bed; and for a horrible, scary moment Lister was convinced that Jason was going to rape him.

“You’re going to tell the truth for once!” Jason shouted down at him, “You’re going to tell Rimmer everything – the whole story! And let’s see if he still loves you then!” Lister started to feel sick. “And when he kicks you out of here you’d better be ready to swallow your pride and come crawling back to me, because – sweetie – I’m all you’ve got left!” 

Jason turned to sweep out and collided with Rimmer on the way out of the door. Rimmer looked round in utter bemusement at Jason’s furious expression, at Lister sobbing on the bed and asked the obvious question, “What the hell’s going on?” Jason didn’t reply to him, but turned back to Lister before stomping out of the hut altogether; “Tell him the truth, Dave. Or, believe me, I will!”