Where it would have taken them a week or more to travel by train and then by foot, the sturdy little transport was going to get them to their destination in a matter of days. Which was good; it meant that Squall would have to spend less time in an enclosed space with Seifer, and he figured he wasn't the only one who would appreciate that.

Squall stretched his legs out as much as the seat in front of him allowed, crossed his arms and turned his head to stare out the view-slit at the countryside passing by. Despite everything, it was good to be moving again. It kind of felt like a training mission, actually-- the team piling into the transport, weapons secured in the overhead racks, waiting with a kind of tight anticipation for whatever lay at the end of the drive. And just being away from the Academy and that damned lab, wearing his own clothes and with a rare, clear sunlight coming down from the sky-- it was amazing how much that seemed to improve the situation.

"Hey, princess."

There was only so much it could do, of course.

He debated his options for a moment. The far more satisfying option would be to simply ignore Seifer. Unfortunately, Squall knew from past experience that the other man was a stubborn asshole and wasn't likely to let up until Squall did answer, so the question was whether he was willing to put himself and his new companions, whose good opinion he was still a little dependent on, through that pain. In the end he grimaced inwardly and turned his head just enough to indicate he was listening.

"Just like old times, hunh?" Seifer went on with a tight little grin, his eyes bright, echoing Squall's own thoughts with disconcerting accuracy. Seifer was lounging in his seat, arms hooked over the back, and with that familiar coat and the posture and everything else it really was like they'd ended up back in the past. Their choice of weapons had landed them on the same training missions more often than not, which was ironic since they'd each only chosen the gunblade to spite the other. Quistis had called it a pissing contest. Neither of them had ever denied it. "Wonder if you'll manage to land yourself in the infirmary after this one, too?"

Squall twisted a bit further in his seat so that he could glare properly. "Not unless you're planning on hitting me from behind while we're supposed to be doing something else. Again." How the hell had he ended up with the seat in front of Seifer, anyway? He knew for a fact the man hadn't been there when he sat down. He'd made sure of it.

"Hey, I was just tryin' to improve your reflexes. Help you learn to expect the unexpected." That grin was a challenge, plain as day, and Squall itched for the opportunity to take it. If only they weren't going to be stuck in this transport for the next two days--

***

"So," Luke said too loudly, feeling a little desperate as he looked between Squall and Seifer. Guy was driving, and therefore lost in his own blissful, tech-induced haze; Vincent was still absorbed in sorting through whatever files he had managed to dig up. Roy looked like he was sleeping, the bastard. So it was left to Luke to defuse the imminent explosion he could see building between their two newest recruits. "You two were in the Academy together, I guess?"

Seifer settled back in his seat, hands going behind his head, his eyes still fixed on Squall. "Same class," he confirmed.

"So, uh," Luke said again. "What was it like?" He was a little curious about that, actually-- the idea of it was just so different from what he had known.

"Boring, mostly," Seifer said with a shrug. He flicked his eyes over to Luke only briefly, then went back to staring a hole in the back of Squall's head. "Just like any other school, probably, only with more hittin' stuff."

Luke thought back to his own hazy memories of childhood-- the long line of private tutors, the sword lessons with the Commandant of the Knights of the Order, all held in the comfort and luxury of his own private courtyard. He thought of the barracks rooms they'd seen with their rows upon rows of narrow beds, then thought of his long-gone suite of rooms at his family's manor. "Yeah, but," he pushed on weakly, "what was it like?"

And that made Seifer actually look at him, only to his dismay it was in clear irritation. "What, you want me to read off a lesson plan, or some shit? It was a pain in the ass, and a waste of time, and why the fuck do you want to know, anyway? You too stupid to go to school, yourself?"

"No," Luke automatically replied, stung, and he knew he should just shut up but his mouth was already moving. "My parents had tutors brought in for us."

"Oh," Seifer drawled, suddenly too calm. "Little rich boy, were you? Yeah, we had one or two like you come to the Academy, think they could hack it in the real world. They usually ended up pissing themselves and callin' their mommies to come get 'em inside a week. So fuck off with the questions, all right, and just leave it at that." He stood, without another word, and moved forward until he vanished through the hatch leading to the driver's area.

Luke was left staring after him, bewildered and a little hurt. Which was stupid, really, because he barely knew the guy, but he'd seemed-- not precisely friendly, especially not when anything to do with Squall was concerned, but at least approachable. He'd seemed willing to work with them and play nice with the rest of the group. But that didn't necessarily mean he wanted to be friends or anything, Luke reminded himself sternly.

"He's an asshole," Squall's voice said quietly, unexpectedly. "Don't take it personally. And the Academy probably wasn't that much different from what you knew, it just-- had more people."

Luke turned his head to blink at Squall, who was still sitting staring out the window with his arms folded firmly across his chest. "Oh," Luke said hesitantly. "Thanks?"

Squall shrugged one shoulder, dismissive, and said nothing more. Feeling even more confused, Luke blinked again. Then, deciding to follow Roy's example, he leaned back in his seat and determinedly closed his eyes.

***

Their arrival in Mideel would have been a great deal easier if they hadn't actually run out of fuel just a short distance away. They probably would have made it were it not for a few unexpected detours along the way-- rough terrain, an unfordable river; not impossible barriers but ones that took valuable time to go around.

Not that it wasn't a bad idea to abandon their transport before getting close to populated areas, anyway, because it hadn't been so long that people wouldn't remember SEED, and there was a good chance they wouldn't remember them well. Showing up in an obvious military transport probably wasn't the best of plans.

Still, the delay of finding a place to shelter and camouflage the transport, sorting through their gear for what was portable and then walking the rest of the distance meant that they arrived well after sunset, tired and hungry and sore from so much movement after sitting for several days. Or, Squall mused darkly, after several decades lying in a tank. Either way.

There had been some debate, beforehand-- whether it would be better to find somewhere to spend the night and wait to locate the lab until morning, or go searching first and simply bunk down there when they found it. Each option had its advantages and disadvantages.

In the end, the decision was made for them.

The town of Mideel, from what Squall remembered, had been advertised as a vacation spot-- hot springs, beaches and the like. Whatever it had been all those years before, though, it obviously wasn't anymore. The center of the town was a sunken hole many blocks wide, surrounded by the skeletons of buildings and broken stone. It didn't look like an explosion, Squall thought critically, eyeing what he could see of the remaining structures-- the walls that were left were tipping in, not out, so it was more likely that the land had just given way for some reason. It did happen, around underground rivers or the like, but the few instances he'd seen had just been sinkholes a man's height across, at most. He'd never seen one so large.

It figured, of course, that the address of the building they were looking for was right in the middle of it.

"Excuse me," he heard Guy say, and looked to see him holding out a hand to catch the attention of someone walking by. "What happened here?"

"Earthquake," the man replied shortly, already moving on. "Go ask at the hospital if you're looking for someone who was in it, they've got all the records there." The man pointed to the distinctive outline of a cross on a lighted sign not far away.

Late as it was, the outer door was unlocked. Squall wasn't entirely surprised-- Dr. Kadowaki at the Academy had always kept the infirmary door open as well, and either she herself or one of her assistants were always inside. They had maintained that the ill or injured should be able to obtain help when they needed it, no matter the hour-- Squall himself had made use of the facility several times outside of official hours, usually at least partially because of Seifer. It seemed that the doctors in Mideel held similar opinions.

A man inside looked up as they entered, eyes moving automatically to scan them for sign of injury, then looking up in vague puzzlement as he obviously found none. He was dressed in the ubiquitous white coat of the medical profession. "Can I help you?" he asked politely.

"I hope so," Guy said with a smile. He was typically their front man for the public-- he was engaging, charming enough that people wanted to trust him. Which automatically made him a better choice than Vincent, who barely spoke when he could glower, or Roy, who could put on the act but more often came across as arrogant. Luke, while just as engaging as Guy, seemed to have more of a tendency to say exactly the wrong thing-- as evidenced by his disastrous attempts at conversation in the transport, though some of that was just Seifer being Seifer.

Squall was rather glad they'd already worked out the group dynamics amongst themselves, without needing either of them to step in and fill the place. Squall himself certainly had no inclination to talk. And while Seifer could charm people when he wanted something out of them, he was as likely to get in trouble as get the intended results. And quite frankly, neither of them really understood enough about what was going on in the world, yet, to be able to be able to talk to the people in it. He was definitely grateful that the others weren't stupid enough to put them in that position.

"We're visiting the area, looking for some people," Guy was saying. "We didn't know there had been an earthquake, though, and we're not sure if they were caught in it. Do you have records here?"

"Yes, of course," the doctor said sympathetically. He went to a cabinet near the front desk and released the latch. "What are the names?"

"Ah," Guy said, hesitating, glancing quickly at the others, "we're not actually sure. We're just following up on word-of-mouth, actually; the people we're looking for were staying at a facility--"

The doctor's face went tight and closed all of a sudden, and his voice was cold when he spoke next. "If you are referring to that laboratory," he said, bluntly, "then you might as well say so."

"What do you know about it?" Vincent said narrowly, stepping forward minutely. The doctor, to his credit, didn't step back at the implied threat; he tipped his chin up and answered evenly.

"I was one of the people that found the remains of it in one of the downed buildings," he said plainly. "It had been hidden behind solid walls, with no doors or windows, which is why I'm curious as to how you knew of it."

"Were there any survivors?" Luke asked urgently, stepping forward, and the doctor's face closed off even further.

"That depends," he said in clipped tones, "on why you want to know."

"We--" Luke started.

"You think we were involved with it somehow," Roy cut in flatly.

At the doctor's raised eyebrow, Luke blinked a few times-- then started to laugh. "Seriously?" he said. "Oh, man. No, look," he went on earnestly, still smiling in a lopsided kind of way. "The lab you found here isn't the only one there is. We've been going to all of them, trying to figure out why they were built and what they were for. We're just trying to follow the trail, here."

"If you did find anyone in that place," Guy added more quietly, "we might be the best ones to help them."

It was probably revealing too much, Squall thought with a frown, especially since they didn't know anything about this man. He could have been lying. Could have been working with the ones who'd started it all. But Guy's words made the doctor pause, and a few seconds later his eyes went wide and startled in realization. "You were--?"

Luke grimaced; Guy nodded.

"And you came out of it without any side effects?"

Squall couldn't stop himself from glancing at Seifer, jerking his eyes away when he found the other man looking back at him. He saw Guy hesitate, as if wondering how to phrase something. "Nothing serious," he eventually said. "Nothing that we can't deal with."

The doctor blinked at them several more times, then his rigid posture sagged on a gusty sigh. Squall thought he looked a little relieved, which wasn't unreasonable considering he had been facing down six armed men on his own. "Well," he said, "I suppose that changes things. Come with me." He flicked one last searching glance over them, then shrugged minutely and gestured them all back through a swinging door.

"We didn't even know it was there until the earthquake," the doctor said quietly as he led them through the facility. Squall was able to pick out which wards had patients in them by the way his steps quieted as he walked by. "When the walls cracked, it opened up these hallways, full of-- well. I expect you know."

Squall nearly shivered before catching himself. Luke didn't seem to bother trying. "Yeah, we know."

"There must have been at least thirty people in there, all dead," the doctor went on gravely. "Sealed up in these capsules like-- like specimens. It's shameful, something like that going on right in our community, and we knew nothing about it for so long."

He pushed open a door at the end of one hall, revealing a smaller room with only a single bed and a desk. The room's occupant wasn't in the bed, however, but slumped in the chair next to it, staring at nothing, occasionally blinking but making no other sign of life save the rise and fall of his chest as he breathed.

"We found him at the edge of it," the doctor said softly. "Him and-- well." The doctor shook his head sadly. "There was a second boy with him, who obviously got them both out before the walls came tumbling in around their ears, but he didn't make it. His injuries-- he'd obviously been hit by a significant amount of debris, it's amazing he was able to keep moving as long as he did. We found this one lying next to him," he went on, indicating the catatonic figure with a tip of his chin. "Wouldn't speak or acknowledge us in any way, but he wouldn't let go of the other boy's hand."

Squall saw Luke take a step closer to Guy, saw Guy's hand twitch out as if to reach. Squall himself couldn't have turned to look at Seifer if he'd actually wanted to, because he was too fixed on that unmoving figure in the chair, feeling cold again all the way to his core. Because if that was what happened when one half of a so-called pair died, then--

Vincent, apparently unbothered, took a few steps forward and leaned down to peer into the patient's face. "How long ago was the earthquake?"

"Not quite two months," the doctor answered after a moment's thought.

"And he's been like this ever since? Do you know for certain that he was inside one of the capsules?"

"Yes," the doctor said, walking over to join Vincent. "There were two that had obviously been broken open recently; the others were either closed and empty, or-- closed and not empty. We're certain that--" And then he broke off with a gasp, staring down at his patient.

"What?" Luke said worriedly, stepping forward, and then his eyes widened as well. "Whoa. That's-- kinda creepy."

Curious, Squall looked and found the patient's eyes not staring into space anymore, but fixed firmly on Vincent.

Slowly, the patient's head turned, tipping rustily up until he was facing Vincent. His eyes blinked, squinted; his lips parted on a rusty whisper.

"Zack?"

***

He'd been lost in the dark. Couldn't find the way out, and he'd been cold so long-- Zack had said he'd get them warm again, but Zack was--

Come on, Cloud. A little further-- that's it. See, not so hard.

And the world had been shaking, at that point, but Zack had held him steady. Just like always.

The blurry face, crowned with long black hair-- it had been a beacon, cutting through the darkness. Making that darkness break up, fade away until everything seemed sharp-edged and too close. "Zack?" he'd called. Or tried. His throat had been tight and dry.

He had blinked up, trying to bring the world back into focus. Wondering why Zack was so quiet, because Zack was never quiet-- and as he blinked, a stranger's face resolved. The disappointment nearly crushed him, making him remember exactly why he'd let himself stay in the dark so long. And he couldn't find it again to go back, and there were too many people around him--

Cloud swallowed hard against the memory of panic, and lifted his mug in hands that only shook a little. The tea was warm, tasting pleasantly of some faint spice, but he still felt cold inside; he wasn't sure he'd ever feel warm again, they way the chill had seeped into his bones. The others, these new people who said they were like him-- he'd listened to their stories, their explanations. But he honestly wasn't sure why it was important. He knew he'd been part of an experiment-- he remembered the head scientist's face when they put him in the tank, after all, remembered the thick green choking oblivion of mako creeping over his head. And what did it matter if he and Zack had been linked somehow? They'd already been together, before any of this happened, no kind of link was going to change anything between them. And Zack was--

Cloud closed his eyes.

Zack was dead.

And he was just so damned tired.

Hey, a voice whispered to him. Looks like this is as far as I go. But you keep going, you hear me? For both of us. Don't you dare give up, Cloud. I'm counting on you.

Cloud sighed, opened his eyes, and focused on the face across the table-- the blond, the one who'd been doing most of the talking. The redhead was hovering near him in a way that made Cloud's chest go tight; both of them were looking at Cloud himself in obvious concern. "So," he made himself say, "what do you want from me?"

The question seemed to startle them. Or maybe it was his voice-- it sounded flat even to his own ears, and if Zack ever heard him talking like that, he'd--

Fuck.

He lifted the mug again and just held it near his face, feeling the steam on his skin. Why had they come, anyway? He'd been fine as he was, he hadn't been able to feel any of this, and that was fine. Instead he was awake, and he couldn't go back to sleep because Zack didn't want him to, which meant he was stuck no matter how much it hurt.

"You're free to do as you like," the blond said carefully. "If you don't want to come with us, that's fine, but you're welcome to."

"We can use all the help we can get," the redhead added, more to himself than to Cloud, which earned him an elbow in the ribs and a narrow-eyed look.

What do you want to do when we get out of here, Cloud? I think we'd make great mercenaries. Travel the world, fight bad guys, help people and get paid for it. They're starting a program for that, you know, up north. Like a school. We should go and make a name for ourselves.

"What will you be doing?" he asked reluctantly.

"Mostly searching for information on what was done to us, and why. Looking for others like us, helping anyone still trapped. Eventually, maybe, trying to track down whoever was behind it all, assuming there's anyone left."

Cloud looked up at that. "And if you find them," he asked, "what do you intend to do?"

The blond blinked, looking like maybe he hadn't thought that far. It was the bigger one, standing behind him, that cracked his knuckles with a wide, anticipatory grin. "Fuck 'em up," he said. "That's my plan, anyway."

The smaller blond winced; the redhead looked a little shamefaced but Cloud noted that he didn't disagree. The other three were all stone-faced, but he thought there was something kind of predatory in not-Zack's eyes, at least.

You do what you've got to do, Cloud. But you don't give up.

Cloud nodded, slowly. "I'll go with you."

***

The doctor-- Rockbell, he'd introduced himself-- blinked at them uncertainly. "I'm sorry," he said, "but the laboratory itself is gone. One of the aftershocks collapsed that entire area. There's nothing left."

"Of course not," Roy murmured, turning away. He went to the window, crossing his arms and looking out over the streets below.

"Okay, well, is there anything you can tell us about what's happened to the world in the last, say, fifty years or so?" Guy said. "Some of us have been, ah, out of circulation for quite a while, and we don't really know why this experiment we were in was abandoned."

Hearing it stated out loud like that to an outsider made Roy's shoulderblades itch, just on principle. Though he supposed that the good doctor had cared for Cloud and seemed righteously angry over the entire thing, so it was likely safe to discuss the matter with him. And being a doctor, there was always the chance he might actually be of use.

"I don't know that I can tell you much," Doctor Rockbell said, regretfully. "Mideel is quite isolated; anything that happened in the cities up north wouldn't have touched us here."

"Anything at all would still be a big help," Guy encouraged. The doctor sat back in his chair and frowned in thought.

"My father told me that we used to have more visitors, when he was a boy. I suppose it would have been about fourty years ago that they stopped coming. A few, still, here and there, but nothing like it was. The town declined, of course, over the years; to be honest, the earthquake wasn't as much of a disaster for us as it might have been in the past." He shrugged helplessly. "As for the reason, my father never really talked about it, just said that it was city business and better off left there."

"There must have been newspapers, though," Roy broke in. "Some sort of record of current events. You can't have been completely cut off from the rest of the world."

Rockbell gave him a narrow look. "As I said, it was a long time ago. The news we get here is second- or third-hand at best, these days, and has been like that for as long as I can remember. And any kind of archive we had was lost in the earthquake. I'm sorry," he said firmly, "but I don't think I can help you with what you want."

"You've already been a big help," Guy said firmly. "One last question, though: I don't suppose you know where we might be able to get some fuel?"

Roy shook his head and turned away, leaving the conversation behind.

The rest of their party, including its newest member, was already outside, squinting into the late-morning glare and pulling themselves together to depart. Cloud had disappeared for a while, after agreeing to join them, returning dressed entirely in black and with a massive broadsword harnessed to his back. It looked modified somehow for energy discharge but also had a wicked edge, and the weight of it alone would make it formidable. After eyeing the tight, possessive way he gripped the handle, no one asked him where he'd found the equipment; Roy wasn't sure he wanted to know.

For all that the stop wasn't a complete failure, it was still a rather disappointed-- and unsettled-- group that turned their refueled transport towards the Archadian border. Disappointed, because that had been the last stop on their list, their last chance to find some key piece of information to explain things. They could hope that the other teams had fared better, of course, but it was hard to be optimistic after searching so far with so little to show for it.

Unsettled, because there was Cloud sitting silent and motionless in the transport with them, acting as a living reminder of what could happen. He obviously made certain members of their party nervous: Luke had been in the front with Guy ever since they set out, even though he clearly did not share his partner's obsession with tech. Seifer was sitting behind Squall with one arm dangled over the back of Squall's seat-- and, most tellingly, Squall was not protesting despite a certain lingering sourness to his expression.

Roy couldn't really fault them. The idea of being bound so tightly to another person, to be so dependent on them and they on you, without having had any choice in the matter-- Roy was actually quite grateful that he had been spared.

Though that did beg the question of why. The others might not have been willing to think about the matter, and Vincent was too obsessed with his files to consider the more tangible clue that had been dumped in their lap, but Roy felt no such limitations. He frowned thoughtfully before smoothing his expression back out into the semblance of sleep, letting himself loll in his seat as the transport jounced and rumbled onward. Seifer and Squall were holding a distinctly one-sided conversation across the aisle, but he let it roll past him as white noise.

There were a few things that Roy felt comfortable accepting as fact, for all that they didn't necessarily have the evidence to back it up as yet. Firstly, they had all been intended to have a partner. All of the available evidence suggested that, as did his own instinct. Secondly, therefore, whomever had been intended for him had not survived the laboratory.

Why, then, was he not in the same state as Cloud?

He thought back, reluctantly, to the succession of empty hallways he'd seen, rows upon rows of dead, dark tanks. And he had to wonder, on a purely objective level, what the chances were that among so many corpses, both members of a pair would survive. Admittedly, their odds to that point were a little incredible-- four confirmed pairings out of fourteen known survivors, not even counting Cloud's odd case, given how many didn't survive at all? There had to be some other factor at work there, some kind of mutual encouragement for survival.

But no scientist worth their title would count out the possibility of failure. They must have considered that their experiment would have had casualties, so they would hardly have designed a program where one death automatically meant two.

After sorting through the possibilities, Roy could only speculate that the initial moment of connection was the key. He'd witnessed that moment for three pairs now, to his everlasting dismay, and he had to admit that that first time coming together seemed to have the power of overwhelming compulsion. What could he conclude, then? If one half of a pair died before leaving the tank, there was no noticeable effect. He himself was proof enough of that. If both survived, they were drawn to each other and compelled to-- set the link, so to speak.

If, in Cloud's case, he had made that connection in the escape from the lab, before his partner died, that could explain his current state. Roy considered that theory-- and spared a moment of morbid curiousity to wonder if Cloud and his Zack had been forced to waste precious time during their escape by having sex.

Roy thought back again to the hazy moments when he had first awakened, and found himself very grateful that he hadn't given in to the brief, macabre urge to open up the hatch next to his. Partly because he had a rather strong suspicion of who would have been inside it, and Hughes wouldn't have wanted to be remembered like that. But more than that-- he couldn't know whether this bond, whatever it was, would trigger if one half of it were already dead. But the saying was better safe than sorry for a reason, and at the very least, he thought grimly, it was better to be overly-cautious than irreversibly emotionally bound to a corpse.