                           My War On Terrorism
                              by sourdough

-------
Synopsis: The daughter of an important Osama bin Laden supporter is kidnapped in London.

Codes: MF rape dru het


The woman was dressed in the traditional garb of a conservative Moslem Arab. Clad in black from head to toe, she was seated on a simple kitchen chair in an otherwise empty room. The curtains were drawn and there was no hint of light from beyond. Even her face was covered with the exception of her left eye. Her eye was dark brown. Her lash was long and thick and her eyebrow was an elegant arch. The little bit of skin that showed was of a light olive complexion. Yet, what showed was enough to hint of the beauty of this exotic Middle Easterner hidden behind her veil. A single light lit her features. She was facing a video camera mounted on a tripod. The camera was operating and the woman began to speak.

"My name is Aisha Mustafa. I am the eldest daughter of Abdul Waahib Fawaz Mustafa. On the 15th of September 2001, I was abducted while on a visit to London. I was blindfolded, drugged and transported to this location. I do not know if I am still in England. I do not know the fate of my companions. I do know that this is not a kidnap for ransom. The apparent reason for my abduction is that I am the daughter of a man who aided and abetted the crimes of one Osama bin Laden."

Who will ever forget the images of September 11, 2001? I was in London at the time. I sat in front of the television screen in my hotel room and watched time after time the video of jet aircraft slamming into the sides of the World Trade Center towers and their subsequent collapse. My first reaction after the shock began to wear off was to call my office in New York. I didn't have my offices in the WTC but I had friends and colleagues who did. I finally got a hold of my secretary, but she didn't have much more information than I did. My second reaction was to book a flight home, but air transportation to the States was already grinding to a halt. I was stuck in London for a while.

I wandered the streets of London the next day, unwilling to enjoy myself in a city I really loved. That afternoon I saw a Middle Easterner walking toward me in a fashionable section of the city. He was well dressed in a western style suit. I thought I recognized him. I wanted to greet the man if I could just remember his name. He obviously didn't recognize me. The man just kind of looked through me and continued on his way, eventually walking through the entrance of one of London's most luxurious hotels. My curiosity was aroused. A discreet inquiry and some cash got me the information I wanted. The man was unimportant but his employer was. Abdul Waahib Fawaz Mustafa was a big wig in Arab financial circles. I had met him once. The man I recognized was one of his bodyguards. I was anxious to do business with Mustafa but I was warned off by a good friend who had better knowledge of Arab politics than I did. He was suspected of financing terrorists and money laundering, but his considerable influence protected him well. One of his valued clients was none other than Osama bin Laden, already being named as the main suspect in the September 11 attacks.

My sorrow and anger wasn't far from the surface. I immediately began to entertain murderous thoughts. I would obtain a weapon and kill Mustafa, even if I had to sacrifice my own life in the process. I've never committed a serious crime, unless you want to count cheating on my taxes, but anyone can be provoked to violence under a certain set of circumstances.

On further inquiry I found out that Mustafa was still in Saudi Arabia, quite safe from my vengeance. Apparently, one of his daughters was in London for a shopping trip and was being escorted by two bodyguards, a chaperone and a maid. I quickly dismissed my plan. There was no sense in risking my life trying to kill a family member. She was probably an innocent anyway. If truth be told, I guess I was feeling a bit cowardly right about then, also. I walked on and finally made my way into a working class pub some distance away.

I have one of those faces, I guess, that instantly tell everyone I'm a Yank. Usually a stranger, and a foreigner to boot, isn't made to feel at home in the small neighborhood pubs by the locals. But the recent tragedy seemed to change things. I was instantly engaged in conversation and expressions of sympathy as if I had suffered a personal loss. I intended to just have a short drink and then take a cab back to my hotel. My plans changed when the other customers started ordering me drinks and it seemed impolite to refuse.

Two tall, muscular men seemed particularly interested in talking to me. They introduced themselves to me as Derek and Nigel (not their real names). Derek and Nigel were both members of the London Fire Brigade and they wanted me to take messages back to New York, expressing their sympathy and support to the New York firefighters.

As the drinks flowed, the conversation turned to the topic of vengeance and what they would do if they had an opportunity to deal with Osama. Being well primed with alcohol, I found myself babbling about my encounter with Mustafa's bodyguard and my abortive plan to execute an important supporter of Osama bin Laden. They listened politely and told me they wished I could have pulled the plan off. A while later, I took my leave. I was poured into a cab and taken back to my hotel. I awoke the next morning with a splitting headache.

The next couple of days were spent sending and receiving emails to and from my secretary. I kept the television off. I was already overloaded with attack coverage. Yet, the tragedy never left my thoughts. I started thinking about life before September 11. I'm a news junky. Newspapers, magazines, radio, television and the Internet are all sources for me. I was sick of reading and hearing about the saga of Congressman Gary Condit and the missing Chandra Levy. I had been wishing something would happen that would knock that jerk off the front page. Well, I got my wish. Now I was wishing I could take that wish back. My daydreaming was cut short by a knock on the door. I wasn't expecting anybody and the maid service had already been through. I was certainly surprised when I opened my door to Derek and Nigel.

"Fancy a drink, mate?"

"Er, uh. It's kind of too early in the day for me guys but I'll see what I can do for you. Won't you come in?" I was bewildered by their visit but I didn't want to be rude. Here were a couple of men I'd shared some drinks and conversation with and now they were on my doorstep.

"What can I get you?" I asked. I didn't have any booze in my room but the room service in this hotel was fairly decent.

"Nothing right now, thanks," said Derek. "We were just curious about what you thought of the news."

"Which news is that?" Now I was all ears and as curious as hell. Had they caught that bin Laden bastard?

"Someone's gone and kidnapped the daughter of that Mustafa chap you were talking about the other night."

"What? Fantastic!" Somebody had thought along the lines I had. But then, they had had the guts and wherewithal to get the job done. "I hope they turn the bitch into a dockside whore and send the pictures to her old man," I added. They laughed at my obvious excitement.

"At first we thought you were the culprit and we wanted you to take us to have a look at her," said Nigel.

"I wish. I'd give you two first crack at her. After me, of course." I grinned at that thought. I was getting a vicarious thrill, thinking about what Mustafa must be going through. I have a teenage daughter myself from a brief marriage.

"I assume the police are looking for her?"

"Of course," said Derek. "The wogs are making a fuss and the police have been searching high and low for her."

"Well, this certainly calls for a drink. Lots of them. And I'm buying."

"That's better news than we brought you," Derek joked.

I was all for going down to the hotel bar and ordering Champagne but my new friends insisted that I go with them to a private club that catered to firefighters and their guests. I was all for that and we headed for the nearest Underground station.

I followed my new friends willingly, talking and joking with them. I barely noted the station where we disembarked. We came out in a section of the city that I was completely unfamiliar with. I thought the neighborhood looked rather seedy but then became instantly ashamed of myself for my snobbish attitude about the surroundings. These men, after all, were the London counterparts of the men who had died at the WTC, trying to save others. I certainly had no right to judge where they chose to hang out. I wasn't apprehensive until they steered me into a darkened alley, littered with rubbish and smelling of stale piss. Derek and Nigel ceased talking and smiling. Oh shit! I'd been led down the garden path. Were they really firefighters? I'd only taken their words for it and now it was more likely they were muggers or worse. Nigel seemed to sense that I was ready to bolt. He put a hand on my shoulder and I knew I'd play hell trying to get away from them.

"We're almost there," said Nigel, not really trying to reassure me. We reached an unmarked door in the alley. Derek unlocked and opened the door. He motioned me in.

"Listen guys. I don't have much money on me but... "

"Shut up and get going," Derek said coldly. Games are over, I thought. I'm 5' 10" and I weigh 180 pounds but I felt like a midget next to these two. There I was, a seasoned New Yorker, being suckered like a child. I had no choice but to go along with whatever they had planned for me. I just hoped I would get out of it alive.

The door opened to a flight of stairs. A bare light bulb at the top was our only source of light. As I trudged up the stairs, I idly wondered why I hadn't been waylaid the evening I met them. Too many witnesses, probably. There was a door at the top of the stairs. Derek knocked once and entered. I followed with Nigel close behind. We were in a small but cozy flat. There was a middle-aged woman seated at a kitchen table. She was reading a book. The radio was on and I could hear light jazz music. The woman looked up long enough to nod and then went back to her reading.

"In there," said Derek. He pointed to another door. With the presence of a woman, I wasn't nearly as frightened as I been a moment before but I still wasn't sure I was going to get out in one piece. I opened the door and peered in. It was a small bedroom, sparsely furnished with a wardrobe and chair besides the double bed. I didn't see anything else. I took a deep breath and walked in. Was I going to be held prisoner here? Derek flipped a light on and I caught a slight movement on the bed.

"There she is," said Derek.

"There who is?"

"Mustafa's daughter. Her name's Aisha."

My heart leaped to my throat. Now I was even more scared than I was before. Half hoping it was a joke I walked over and looked down. A pair of dark eyes looked back at me. They were filled with both fright and anger. A young woman was tied hand and foot. There was a gag in her mouth. I looked back at Derek. Nigel had joined him. They were grinning ear to ear and looking quite pleased with themselves.

"How? Why?" I was so stunned they were the only words I could get out of my mouth. I was suddenly involved in a kidnapping with international repercussions. I began to imagine myself serving years and years in an English prison for this crime. And that prospect would only be possible if I was very lucky. Mustafa and his henchmen would certainly want to kill anyone even remotely involved in the kidnapping of his daughter.

"It was actually pretty easy," explained Derek. "Somebody called in a bomb threat at Aisha's hotel. The threat had to be investigated, of course, and the hotel evacuated. While this was happening, somebody yelled something about these Arabs being armed. Naturally, everyone thought they were terrorists and several lads wrestled them down. The police took the Arabs away for questioning. After that, it was pretty easy to separate the girl from the rest of her friends what with all the confusion. She sort of fell into our hands. As for why we did it, you know as well as I do."

I was dumbfounded. It sounded like a plot from some farce but they had pulled it off. I wondered how many of these "lads" were cohorts of theirs.

"Derek, please listen to me," I begged. "This girl's father plays rough. We're all going to be killed if you don't release this girl immediately."

"We'll take our chances," said Derek. "We thought we'd invite you in because it was you that gave us the idea. It's apparent that you don't want to be involved. We'll take you back to your hotel. As long as you keep your mouth shut, we'll be all right."

"I promise I won't give you away but I still don't understand why you're risking your lives for something that happened in the States."

"It's obvious you don't understand, friend," said Nigel. "Firemen around the world feel a kinship to each other no matter where they're from. What those terrorists did, they did to us also."

Nigel's explanation made sense to me on an emotional level but I was still worried about their safety. I heard muffled sounds behind me. I turned around and saw Aisha giving me a pleading look.

"May I talk to her?"

"Go ahead," said Nigel.

I sat down on the bed beside her and removed her gag.

"Oh, Allah! Save me, please!" she whispered.

"Just listen right now," I said. "I'm trying to get you released. If I succeed, will you promise to tell your father that it was just some kind of misunderstanding and forget our faces?" I didn't know if I could pull it off but I wanted to try.

"I will promise anything if I am released unharmed. Why did they abduct me in the first place?"

"Well, it seems your father financed some people who might have had something to do with the recent terrorist attacks in the United States."

"My father, like all Arab people, supports the legitimate Palestinian cause against the Israeli occupiers. He deplores the unquestioning support given by the American government to the Israelis but I am sure he would condemn what happened in your country."

"I hope so, miss. But I don't want to discuss politics right now. Just promise me that you'll agree to my proposal."

"I will agree to anything so long as I am released unharmed," the girl assured me.

"Good," I said. "Now listen to... "

"When I am released those two sons of camels and that she camel in the next room will die, Allah willing." Aisha didn't really say that to me directly. It was as if she had unintentionally given voice to her private thoughts. The girl quickly realized her mistake when she saw my astounded look. Whispering to me she said, "My father will reward you for helping me."

"I'll see what I can do," I said as I slipped the gag back over her mouth. I turned back toward Derek and Nigel. I signaled to both of them and we left the room.

"You're not going to kill her, are you?"

"No, of course not," said Derek. "We kind of like that other suggestion of yours. Turning her into a dockside whore and sending the pictures to her daddy sounds like a real treat for everyone, don't you think?"

I nodded my head in agreement. Except for murder, I didn't much care what Aisha's fate was. I reasoned that it was time for a little give back for the terrorists and their supporters. Aisha was still an innocent as far as I was concerned but there was thousands of dead, injured and missing back in the States who were innocents also.

"How are you going to do it?" I asked. I'd read dozens of books and stories in the 'nice girl trained to be a slut' genre but I certainly wouldn't rely on any of that trash as a guide. Brainwashing her would be a long process and I certainly wouldn't have the time to be involved. As soon as the airlines were flying again, I'd have to book a flight back to New York.

"That's where Mrs. Ryan comes in," said Derek. The woman nodded to me but didn't say anything. "She's an old pro at this. She's agreed to come out of retirement to help us. By the way, she has a good friend missing at the World Trade Center."

"I'm sorry," I said. Here was someone who had suffered a real personal loss. From what I'd been hearing, there wasn't a lot of hope for the missing to be found alive.

"Thanks," she said. "And thanks for giving me a chance to get back at those bastards. We'll soon find out what she's made of. I've never recruited a completely unwilling girl so it'll be a new experience for me also."

Mrs. Ryan was a handsome woman in her late 40's. I was told she ran an exclusive club for several years before retiring but never forgot the art of seduction whether it was a potential customer or a prospective recruit.

Derek and Nigel had to report to duty and excused themselves. I was to remain in the flat until their return.

"I understand you're flying back to America soon."

I nodded. "As soon as possible, actually. I'm afraid I'll have to miss out on all of the fun."

"Not necessarily," she said smiling. "There are some shortcuts we can use. I have an effective drug that will lower her defenses and inhibitions a bit. The only thing is that you'll have to watch where you put your prick or your tongue. She'll still have the presence of mind to bite if she wants to. Also I should watch out for a swift kick to your family jewels if I were you."

I had expected to be a spectator but I guess I was going to be an active participant. It made me apprehensive and excited at the same time and not feeling reluctant at all.

I entered Aisha's room with a bottle of water laced with the drug. As far as Aisha knew, I was still trying to get her released. I sat down on the bed beside her. I pulled off her gag and untied her hands.

"Allah be praised. Am I being released?"

"Not yet. I'm still working on it. Would you like some water?" I handed her the bottle and she looked at it suspiciously. Was her woman's intuition trying to tell her something?

"You'll need to keep up your strength in case we have to make a run for it," I added. "I'll try to get you some food too."

"Thank you," Aisha said finally and began to drink. I guess her thirst was getting the better of her. She took a few sips and then a few swallows. I nodded encouragingly, knowing the drug would soon be doing its job. I untied her legs, which allowed Aisha to sit up and stretch her legs. This had been as much freedom as she'd been allowed since her kidnapping. Aisha smiled gratefully. It was such a pretty smile. I found myself liking her and feeling sorry for her. I fought off my attack of conscience and waited for Mrs. Ryan to arrive.

I didn't wait long. Mrs. Ryan walked in and I moved out of her way so she could sit beside Aisha. Aisha's fear and apprehension returned but Mrs. Ryan didn't seem to notice. She gave Aisha a winning smile.

"She's beautiful, isn't she?"

"Absolutely," I said.

"Have you been in contact with my father? When am I going to be released?"

"Oh, didn't anyone tell you?" Mrs. Ryan asked. "You're not going anywhere. We have plans for you."

Aisha glared at me, realizing that I wasn't going to help her. I just shrugged my shoulders.

"My father will pay you much money if I am released unharmed."

"And will he bring my friend back from the dead?"

"I do not understand," said Aisha looking puzzled.

"It's easy enough to understand," said Mrs. Ryan. "He was at the World Trade Center and now he's missing. You probably saw coverage of those buildings collapsing. Do you think anyone will survive that? I don't think so. Your father did business with those terrorists and now I'm going to turn his daughter into a little whore."

"Please!" Aisha begged. "I am sorry about your friend. I know nothing about my father's business. I am just a woman." Tears were forming in her eyes.

"And a very lovely woman, too," said Mrs. Ryan. "Did you know she dresses like a whore?"

"Indeed?" I was surprised by the sudden change in direction this conversation was taking.

"That is a lie!" shouted Aisha. She blushed hotly, obvious even with her olive complexion.

"Is it? You forget that I'm the one who searched you for weapons. I'm the one who discovered that little cell phone hidden in your robes. We'd have been in a pretty fix if you'd been able to call for help on that thing. She's naked underneath that robe now. I removed every intimate garment she was wearing. I saw the labels. I know the boutique. It's the chic place to shop for Parisian courtesans."

"Please!" sobbed Aisha, hanging her head in shame. "No one was meant to see that. Not even my husband." Apparently the bomb scare had caught her in the middle of her dress-up game and she hadn't had time to change.

"Your husband? Darling, I didn't know you're married."

"I am to be married within the year. My parents have chosen a husband for me. But no man will marry me if I am shamed."

"So little Aisha was playing dress-up as a whore, perhaps her secret desire. Little did she know that her wish would come true and so soon. Listen, darling. I know a place where the girls play dress-up every day. Their customers love it. You can dress up as a harem girl. No? Is that too stereotypical for an Arab? How about dressing as a milkmaid? Yes, that might work. Only you won't be milking cows. You'll be milking the bulls. And not just with your hands. You'll use your cunt, your mouth, your arse and even your lovely titties to draw out the bulls' virile sperm."

"No! Please! Just kill me. Will that satisfy you? I want to be pure when I meet Allah and the Prophet." Aisha tried to run but Mrs. Ryan caught her easily. Her struggles were futile. The drug was doing its job. Mrs. Ryan held Aisha in her arms as if she was a child.

"Sorry, no," said Mrs. Ryan, not unkindly. "No martyrs allowed."

Mrs. Ryan started to run her hands over Aisha's body. Aisha began to mutter in her native language. She must have been praying because I caught several references to Allah. Aisha pushed listlessly at Mrs. Ryan but to no real effect.

"This is an abomination," Aisha protested.

"Don't worry, dear. I'm not a Lesbian. I'm just getting you ready for the prick which you'll soon be taking between your pretty legs."

Aisha looked at me quickly. I think she finally realized she was about to be raped. I leered suggestively at her. My prick was at full staff and ready to get into action although not yet out of my trousers. Mrs. Ryan continued to caress Aisha who I think was beginning to lose the battle with her feelings.

"Do not allow him to touch me," Aisha begged. "Please! Only my husband may touch me."

"Listen, darling," Mrs. Ryan said patiently. "It was your fate to be born female. Females are built to fuck and have babies. Everything else is just window dressing. You'll soon discover that a prick is just a prick. It will matter little if the prick's owner is your husband or a stranger or whether he is Moslem or infidel.

"However, if you prefer a husband, we shall be glad to oblige you." Mrs. Ryan motioned me over and I sat down on the side of the bed opposite her with Aisha between us.

"In the absence of parental, religious or civil authority, I shall perform the nuptials myself," Mrs. Ryan announced. She looked at me gravely.

"Do you take this woman to be your wife?"

"Yes," I croaked.

"Do you take this man to be your husband?"

"No. Please, no," Aisha cried.

"I now pronounce you man and wife. You may kiss the bride."

"This cannot be," Aisha whined as she sought to avoid my kiss.

"A Moslem once told me that everything is as Allah wills."

"No!" shouted Aisha.

"You question the teachings of the Koran?"

Mrs. Ryan's question surprised me but it absolutely paralyzed Aisha. I finally realized that questioning the Koran was to court a death sentence in an Islamic country. I'm sure Mrs. Ryan was no Islamic scholar but she took advantage of Aisha's confusion by reaching for the hem of her robe and exposing her to the waist. Her hand dove between Aisha's thighs and began to caress her vulva.

The combination of the drug, Mrs. Ryan's badgering and now the physical caresses had taken its toll. Aisha no longer struggled. She was still crying but Aisha couldn't concentrate on her prayers because she kept being distracted by Mrs. Ryan's caresses.

"Your bride is almost ready for you. Do you want protection or do you want to take her bare?"

"B-bare," I stuttered and began to take off my clothes.

"Did you hear that darling? Your new husband wants to give you a baby right away. He must love you very much. I know men who will pay a lot of money for the privilege of sucking the milk from your tits after your baby comes. I'll have one tittie tattooed with the Union Jack and the other with the Stars and Stripes. Won't that be nice?"

Aisha only moaned in response. I don't she realized what Mrs. Ryan was saying anymore. Mrs. Ryan finally nodded to me and I got into position. Aisha had closed her eyes to shut out my nudity and I took her by surprise. She didn't become alert and begin to struggle until my prick head had already nudged aside her labia. By then it was too late for Aisha. Mrs. Ryan's caresses had lubed her up pretty well. It only took a few strong lunges before I broke the girl's cherry and was fully inside her. Mrs. Ryan's hand stifled Aisha's screams of pain and distress.

Gosh! Aisha's vaginal muscles were already trying to suck the sperm out of me. I tried hard to calm down. I wanted this first fuck to last. Not that I cared for Aisha's pleasure, I just wanted to extend my own. The only thing that worked was to think again about those jet aircraft slamming into the World Trade Center towers. Now I was angry.

"Put your arms and legs around me," I demanded. Aisha obeyed as if in shock. That actually disappointed me. I wanted this girl to be aware of everything that was happening to her. Oh well, one can't have everything. I proceeded to fuck her. With every stroke I imagined that I wasn't only hurting this girl, I was hurting her father, Osama, the Al Qaeda terrorist network and anything or anybody else connected to the September 11 terrorist attacks. I didn't last for more than a couple of minutes before I sent a large dose of my sperm on a journey through Aisha's reproductive system. I stayed in the flat with Aisha and Mrs. Ryan for two more days before Derek and Nigel showed up and escorted me back to my hotel.

The tape mentioned at the beginning of my narrative was recorded several weeks after I returned to New York. Mrs. Ryan had obviously done a good job in breaking Aisha's will to resist. It is mostly a scripted rant condemning terrorists and their supporters. The very end of it might be of interest. Aisha has just removed her veil, revealing her face to the camera.

"As you can see, father, it is really your daughter, Aisha. Now I shall show you something that I thought no man except my husband would ever see." Her robe dropped as Aisha stood up. The camera pulled back to take in all her feminine glory. The Arab beauty was clad in nothing.

"Father, I know that I have been disowned even as you watch this tape. It will not be that easy. I have known shame and I shall know more shame. Each time I am humiliated you and the entire world will know about it. Copies of this tape are being sent to individuals who will happily distribute it to others. Other tapes will be made and distributed as each humiliation is heaped upon me. Now you know my fate. My body belongs to the infidel and any other with a few pounds to spare. I have prayed to almighty Allah to spare me further humiliation by taking my life. It is not to be. Think of me the next time you deal with Osama bin Laden or men of his ilk." The tape ended there.

No new tapes were recorded. Derek and Nigel actually became quite fond of Aisha. They even offered to release her. She declined because it would mean death for her at the hands of her family for the dishonor brought to them. Aisha thinks she's pregnant. It's not clear yet which of us is the father. Mrs. Ryan's friend eventually turned up among the living.

The other news is that the distribution of the tape had the desired effect. Mustafa lost face and business as a result. The U.S., British and Saudi governments all condemned the kidnapping but that didn't stop them from beginning investigations into Mustafa's business dealings. Rumor has it that Saudi authorities will use Mustafa as a scapegoat to show that they are serious about the war on terrorism.

I swear I will never get involved in something like this again. Well, unless it was one of Osama bin Laden's daughters and she could be turned into a fuck toy for New York City firefighters. I guess I can dream about it. At least I have one victory in my war on terrorism.

-------
The End
-------
