Birthday Surprise - Continued!!

 For his birthday this year, she's decided to give him her body, full 
 of desire, totally in need. Knowing his propensity for enjoying her 
 sexually while she's really turned on, her gift will be her 
 willingness to give herself in that way. Spending the afternoon 
 getting ready, preparing herself, their room, instead of a cake, he'll
 be enjoying something he finds much more appetizing. Preparing herself
 several hours before he's due to get home, taking a relaxing bath, 
 shaving, being sure all traces of hair are completely removed from her
 womanhood, she brings herself very close to climax before leaving the 
 tub. Finding the rose she purchased earlier, she opens herself, 
 coating the flower with her scent. Leaving him a note, a new robe, and
 a rose prominently displayed on the table she retreats to their room 
 to continue getting herself ready.

 Wondering if she'll be able to keep her commitment, her body already 
 needing an orgasm, she's played this out for several month's now, 
 planning how she could make this birthday his best ever. It's 
 interesting how the timing of this has worked, things have so been 
 busy lately, they just haven't had much time alone together, although 
 she has serviced him orally a couple times. Having ask her mother to 
 watch their children, they should be able to at least be alone for 
 tonight. Still she worries how far he's going to want to take this, 
 having not been able to find time in the past week, her menses the 
 week before that, and him having been traveling the week prior, it's 
 been three weeks since her last orgasm.

 Currently in a desperate state to begin with, this will make her gift 
 that much more meaningful, an even greater gift, a sacrifice of 
 herself for his pleasure. In the past they've talked at length about 
 how even when she's on her period satisfying his desires are still 
 important. That her desires are just as important, however due to her 
 drive being slightly lower than his, she's promised never to bring 
 herself to orgasm, promised to always allow him to give her that 
 pleasure she so desires. This however has never really been that much 
 of a problem, he's been more than willing to take care of her desires,
 her needs whenever she desired. Now, however, she's giving him 
 permission, no, asking him to withhold her pleasure, to use her body, 
 enjoy his fulfillment, while denying her that same release.

 Busying herself with further perpetrations, the soft cords she 
 purchased for this very purpose, now tied securely to their bed, laid 
 out, on display, knowing soon, they will be used to secure her body, 
 binding her, rendering her helpless. With just over an hour to go, 
 retiring to their room, closing the door, she disrobes. Lying back on 
 their bed, making sure everything is within reach, she inserts her 
 feet, first into the knee restraints, used to keep her totally open, 
 then into the ropes at the end of their bed, looping them around her 
 ankles, securing herself so once her hands are tied, she'll be 
 completely helpless. Working a pillow under her pelvis, knowing he 
 likes her lifted, exposed, available for deep penetration, she lays 
 back, wondering, how will he react, seeing his wife, tied, exposed,
 offered in this way. Lying back, testing her restraints, it excites 
 her, knowing she'll be unable to close her legs. Her fingers, again 
 toying with her body, again bringing herself close, her touch, lite, 
 feather lite, she's very close.

 Keeping an eye on the time, one hour to go, it's time to try her new 
 toy, something she's sure he will love, a female pump. Consisting of a
 suction device, and a cup, designed to fit a woman's body, to apply 
 vacuum to her vulva, swelling her body, her labia, her clitoris, 
 making them engorge with blood, increasing their prominence, their 
 sensitivity. Never having tried this before, she's not quite sure what
 to think, how it will feel, however, having seen some of the images on
 his computer, she's sure, the sight of her, swollen, dripping in need,
 will totally excite him. Placing the cup over her vulva, she activates
 the suction, putting several pillows under her head, she watches, 
 feels, her body, the sensations, beginning to swell, her pussy, being 
 drawn up, into this cup. Knowing, for the effects to show, after 
 removing the cup, it takes time, for the swelling to fully set in. 
 Relaxing, she's planning to pump herself, until he arrives, pulling 
 into their garage. For about an hour, her body, her pussy, is drawn 
 into this cup, removing it periodically, to masturbate, edging, 
 priming herself, torturing herself, she continues.

 Hearing their garage, opening, knowing it's time, thankful, needing to
 cum, on edge, she removes the device, lying it aside, covering it, 
 continuing her preparations, shaking the can, the ready whip, covering
 her swollen vulva, a cherry, carefully placed, resting just above her 
 clitoris, teasingly announcing her intent. Buckling a gag, into her 
 mouth, rendering her mute, unable to speak, to answer, to beg. 
 Finally, taking the candle, short, yet large in diameter, carefully, 
 she lights it placing it between her breasts, knowing, she must remain
 still, putting a blindfold over her eyes, she reaches back, up, 
 working her hands, into the ropes, the loops, pulling them, drawing 
 them tight, securing herself, in place, helpless.

 .... Waiting, wondering

 Seeing her note, picking up the rose, the aroma, different, her scent,
 mingled with the roses natural fragrance, immediately, he begins to 
 get hard, knowing, his wife, his love, is waiting. Opening her note, 
 forcing himself to take the time, to read her letter,

 Lover,

 First my love, I'd like to say, happy birthday, I love you, and hope 
 this proves to be a wonderful birthday for you today. As you stand 
 reading this letter, you'll note our door is closed. Behind that door,
 you will find your gift, I decided not to make a cake for you this 
 year, instead, opting to give you another gift, one I believe you will
 like much more.

 Before you enter our room, I want you to know, I've been thinking of 
 you for some time now, needing you inside my body, aching for you, 
 aching to cum. However, tonight, I'm giving myself to you, my body, 
 even my pleasure, as a gift. Before opening our door, promise me, 
 promise yourself, starting tonight, for the next week, whatever 
 happens, whatever I say, whatever I do, whatever we do, your to take 
 your pleasure, our pleasure, my pleasure, for yourself. I may beg, I 
 may even cry, to have an orgasm, be allowed to cum, however, this is 
 my gift, to you, even when I ask, beg, cry to be allowed to cum, I'm 
 asking you to deny me that release. This is for you, knowing my need, 
 my suffering, will increase your pleasure. For at least the next week,


 I'm yours to use, however, and whenever you choose, so long as you 
 deny my release, my pleasure. After that, after this next seven days, 
 the choice is yours, when, how, I cum, it's up to you. My orgasm, my 
 ultimate pleasure, I'm turning over to you, giving you full control. 
 And yes, just so you know, I ache to cum, already I'm wondering how I 
 can do this, knowing how much I need an orgasm, even as I write this 
 letter. I'm in your hands, in your control, yours to use, from now on.
 Love always, .........

 Carefully, folding the note, placing it back into the envelope, he 
 begins to disrobe. Shocked, so wonderfully surprised, how could she 
 know, his deepest desire, his darkest fantasy, unfolding before his 
 very eyes, he's always dreamed of this, never beginning to think it 
 could come true. Opening their door, his eyes, falling upon his bride,
 his love, seeing her, restrained, tied helplessly, presented to him, 
 an offering, laid out, his to take, to enjoy. Approaching, noticing 
 her breathing, the mewing sounds, her feet, her wrists, twisting, the 
 candle, wax, beginning to drip, between her breasts. Stunned, he 
 stands their, watching, taking in the sight, noticing, in the corner, 
 their camera, the video running, recording her, recording them. 
 Smiling, his cock, hard as stone, he approaches her body, crawling 
 onto their bed, between her legs. The movement, spilling more wax, her
 breath, catching, he leans forward kissing her thighs, teasing her. 
 Slowly, carefully, he begins enjoying his treat, running his tongue, 
 over her body, collecting the ready whip in his mouth, eating around 
 the edges, enjoying the ready whip, her taste, her body, her 
 reactions. Finally, getting to the center, the cherry, seeing, for the
 first time, her swollen state, her pussy, puffy, beyond anything he 
 could have imagined, he's ready to burst.

 To be continued...

 Part II

 Having enjoyed her cherry topped teaser, I now begin to take her 
 orally, the way I like best, having her already needy, desperate, but 
 knowing she's not allowed release, knowing she must control her 
 orgasm. Loving the way her pussy is swollen, dripping, her labia, so 
 engorged with blood, puffy, beyond anything I've seen before. Her 
 clitoris, swollen well beyond it's normal erect state, seems to be 
 extra sensitive. Taking advantage of this, I begin running my tongue 
 around, and under her exposed clit. Being careful to watch her 
 reaction, her breathing, listening to her whimpering, trying to take 
 her to the very edge without pushing her past her control. Feeling her
 go ridged, holding her breath, I know she's there, I back off for a 
 few seconds, seeing her leaking, her lubrication, beginning to drip 
 from her vagina. Patiently waiting, I give her a few minutes to regain
 control, then again, running my tongue around her vaginal entrance, 
 across her swollen labia, taking each into my mouth, gently sucking on
 them. Again, I begin to tease her clit, drawing it into my mouth, 
 applying suction, then brushing under it's sensitive head with my 
 tongue.

 Her head tossing, fists clenching, her whimpering, mewing sounds, all 
 tell me she's about to loose control, ready, needing to cum. Backing 
 away again, I watch, enjoying her need, her desperation, her longing 
 to cum. Getting out my maxoderm erection enhancing cream, I wait just 
 long enough to allow her to back slightly away from that edge, telling
 her how wonderfully beautiful she looks, helplessly restrained, in 
 need. Opening her folds, exposing her clit, uncovered, unprotected, I 
 begin by applying a dime sized dollop of cream to her clitoris. Cool 
 at first, it quickly warms as it begins to soak into the skin. It's 
 strong enough to make a man's cock warm and tingly, on a woman's clit 
 it works even better. Designed to increase blood flow, and applied to 
 an already swollen, sensitive clitoris, the reaction is quick. Her 
 pelvis, twisting, lifting, reaching for what I've again taken away. 
 After massaging this into her clitoris, masturbating her, literally 
 jacking her clitoral shaft, I again stop, just as she's ready to 
 explode. Taking time to massage some of the cream into her nipples, 
 pinching them just enough to feel good, I begin whispering to her. 
 Explaining what's about to happen, lifting her blindfold, I begin 
 telling her, what I want.


 I'm about to untie you, freeing your arms, your legs will be retied, 
 ankles pulled back, toward your head, opening, exposing you, 
 completely. Your gag will be left in place, at least for now. Once 
 your legs are retied, I'll pick up the candle, now listen careful. 
 Your not to cum, you've already promised a week, so here's how this 
 will work. If you cum without my permission, if you loose control, for
 each time you orgasm without me telling you to do so, you forfeit your
 right to orgasm for two additional weeks. If you agree to this, please
 nod the affirmative.

 Your eyes wide, watering, wondering, you slowly begin to nod, agreeing
 to my demands. One more thing, are you willing to give me control of 
 your orgasm for six month's. Before you answer, you must know, I will 
 push your limits, you'll go to bed many nights, crying in need, 
 begging for relief. You will also experience much pleasure, more than 
 you may think possible. If you hold out for this week, you will be 
 granted one orgasm, one full blown, blissful orgasm. If you fail, if 
 you accidentally cum, all sensation will cease, leaving you wanting, 
 needing, begging for touch, left with an empty orgasm, a ruined 
 orgasm. From now on, for every time you have an orgasm, you must be 
 sure I have released my seed into your body at least three times. This
 will begin again at the start of each week. If I explode into your 
 body multiple times in any given 24 hour period, that still only 
 counts toward you for one time. Furthermore, your never to cum more 
 than once in any given week. Each time you cum without permission, you
 will be denied for an additional two weeks, not including the current 
 week. Are you willing to play this game, to put yourself into my 
 hands, to give total control over your orgasm to me?

 Again, nodding slowly, tears beginning to stain your eyes, your 
 breathing ragged, I ask if your sure. Once more you nod yes. Good, 
 very good, leaning down, I kiss your forehead, your eyes, your cheeks.
 Continuing down, I begin kissing your neck, knowing how you'll react, 
 that this gets in somewhere deep inside. Speaking softly, I again 
 begin to instruct you, Picking up the candle, I wait, telling you to 
 open yourself, expose your clitoris, your eyes wide, seeing the candle
 in my hands, knowing what's about to happen. Again speaking, I begin 
 telling you, I want you to expose your clitoris, pulling back the 
 hood, being sure your most tinder spot is totally exposed, 
 unprotected. I know your sensitive, that you need to cum, but don't. 
 Just so your know, I'm going to coat your clitoris with this wax, this
 hot molten candle wax. You'll scream, you'll thrash, however you must 
 not cum. After I feel your sufficiently coated, then you'll feel me 
 enter you. Again, whatever happens, don' t cum.
 
 Reaching down, eyes ever so wide, you begin exposing yourself, you 
 most private of places, your delicate female flower. Knowing what's 
 about to happen, you close your eyes. No, open your eyes, watch, I 
 want you to see, the wax, the liquid fire, falling, knowing what's 
 about to happen, knowing your clitoris is about to explode in pain. 
 Beginning to tilt the candle, watching your eyes, your reaction, I 
 lower the candle, positioning it about your clit, stopping just before
 the wax begins to fall. Asking if your ok, I sit the candle down, 
 beside your body. Taking a moment to again kiss your clit, running my 
 tongue around it your lady parts, teasing the base of your clit, 
 enjoying your ragged breathing. Stopping abruptly, I quickly pick up 
 the candle, tipping it, watching the wax fall, seeing your reaction, 
 your eyes, so wide, the sounds you make, through your gag. Watching as
 you continue to keep yourself open, you eyes begging, your body unable
 to hold still. Giving you just a few seconds to get used to the 
 sensations surging through your body. Again, another splash of wax, 
 searing your tinder clitoris, your eyes wide, tears flowing, fighting 
 the clench your body is screaming, you screaming into the gag.

 Sitting the candle aside, I begin to enter your body, slowly, knowing 
 your close, enjoying your need, your desperate state. I tell you to 
 place your hands behind your head, your to keep them there, do you 
 understand?. Nodding yes, I continue slowly thrusting into your body, 
 noticing your eyes, wide, knowing your close to orgasm again, I try to
 angle to ride your G spot. Angeling so my cock head press into the 
 roof of your vagina as I enter, going slow, careful to maximize this 
 pressure. Enjoying the feeling of your body against my cock, knowing 
 your fighting for control, feeling your pussy trying to pull me in, 
 welcoming me into your very core, I never want this to end. 
 Controlling my thrusts, pausing as needed, I'm able to make love to 
 you for quite some time. Your body, lubricating extensively, coating 
 us both in your female juices, this is so intoxicating, so wonderfully
 fulfilling, then it happens, a Clench, your vaginal muscles lock down.
 I abruptly stop all motion, giving you time to try to regain control, 
 reminding you to relax, open yourself, concentrate. Panting, your eyes
 pleading, knowing your fighting I remind you to be still, keep your 
 hands behind your head, and do not allow yourself to cum.

 After a few seconds I again begin to move within your body, slowly, 
 teasingly. Picking up the candle, your face almost shows panic, your 
 head tossing, fearing what's about to happen. Positioning the candle 
 above your breasts, carefully I begin, coating your nipples, reminding
 you to hold still. Arching your back with each splattering of wax, 
 searing your nipples, your want, your need to cum, your body is 
 screaming for release. Again I begin with the wax, the other nipple 
 this time, enjoying the sensations of being inside you while your 
 fighting so hard to prevent your own orgasm. The feeling is exquisite,
 unbelievable, if only you knew how utterly wonderful this felt you 
 would understand why preventing your orgasm when your this close is so
 desired. As the wax once more coats your breasts, I again feel a 
 single clinch. Remaining still, I can tell your vagina is trying to 
 flutter, to explode into full blown orgasm, I can see your fighting, 
 your eyes shut tight. Open, look at me, you immediately open your 
 eyes, the look, the longing, the need, is so evident, so wonderful, I 
 drink in your need, getting even harder inside your body. Soon your 
 again in control enough for me to continue slowly.

 I'm very close to release at this point, so hard, stretching you, 
 reaching depth's you've not felt before. Telling you I'm about to 
 explode, reminding you not to cum, I hold still. Suck me with your 
 pussy, use your vaginal muscles to draw out my cum, work yourself onto
 my shaft. Your eyes wide, wild, you begin, working, you, your body, 
 being used to masturbate my cock, to make me cum, drawing my seed deep
 into your very core. As I begin to cum, you freeze, holding still, 
 knowing, your on edge, yet using your denial of release to increase my
 pleasure. Your body, receiving my ejaculate, my cock, pulsing, 
 emptying into you, my fluids, entering you, being absorbed by your 
 flesh. Each pulse, threatening to push you over that edge, each surge,
 increasing your need, my seed, flowing into you is almost too much to 
 take, panting, you finally regain control.

 Pinching your nipples, rubbing my hands over your breasts, knowing how
 very desperately you need this release, yet knowing your not allowed 
 to receive your fulfillment of pleasure. No, that you must give up, 
 give away, to increase my pleasure, to drive your need even higher, 
 leaving you feeling submissive, needy, ready to cry. Instead of 
 pulling out, just knowing your aching to cum, that alone keeps me 
 hard, wanting more, slowly, I again begin to move withing you. 
 Alternating my rhythm to keep you off guard, I continue. Feeling you 
 begin to flutter once more, knowing by now, you must be aching inside,
 congested, almost beside yourself with need. Slowly I pull out, 
 admiring your pussy, how swollen, how wet, how wonderful it is. 
 Picking up your cup, I place the suction device over you once more, 
 pumping the bulb, drawing your labia, your vulva it's vacuum. Leaving 
 it in place, wanting to cause you to ache, I begin kissing up your 
 body. Finally, getting to your face, kissing your chin, I begin 
 unbuckling your gag.


 Releasing your legs, I remind you to keep your hands behind your head,
 telling you I'll remove the suction device when ready. Carefully 
 removing the wax from your nipples, watching you arch as it comes 
 loose, I again coat them with maxoderm. Pulling the gag from your 
 mouth, I place my finger across your lips, shushing you, reminding you
 to remain silent. Wiping your face, I begin kissing you deeply, 
 slowly, passionately. After about ten minutes, I again remove the 
 pussy pump, releasing the vacuum, loving the way it makes you look, 
 swollen, red, needy, knowing even moving will cause you stimulation in
 this state.

 Lying together, I begin to hold you close, placing a pillow between 
 your knees, not wanting you to be able to relieve the feeling of need 
 by even squeezing your thighs together, trying to be sure the ache 
 remains. The wax, covering your clitoris, still slightly tugging at 
 you, a constant reminder of your situation, of your unfulfilled need. 
 Your back against my chest, I whisper how much I love you, how long 
 I've desired to have us in this position. Lying here, your whimpering,
 the soft crying, knowing your ready to sob from your need, yet still 
 willing to remain faithful to your commitment, to give your pleasure 
 in this way. I thank you, again telling you how wonderful it feels, 
 making love to you, having you need to cum so bad it hurts, for some 
 reason, your body responds in ways that caress my cock, the feelings 
 unlike anything you could imagine. It seems, a woman's body, when it 
 is in dire need of an orgasm, does things to a mans cock that don't 
 normally happen, almost like being sucked off gently while making 
 love. As we talk, cuddling, I again begin to get hard, nestled in the 
 crack of your ass. You respond slightly, enjoying the sensations, 
 knowing, almost fearing what's next.


 (( To be continued - Again ))




 