The next morning as Sookie and I were leaving the house to go to work I received a rather big surprise. My car was there in the driveway with a bow and a note on the hood. It didn't even look like it had ever been in a wreck...ever.

I walked over to the car and picked up the bow and note. Putting the bow in my pocket, I opened the note and read it. I felt a slight blush and a big smile creep onto my face. The note simply read:

Selena,

You don't owe me anything.

At least...for now.

E.

I smiled, biting my lip as I closed the note and placed it safely into my purse.

"Let me guess...Eric," Sookie said, dully.

I nodded.

"What did the note say?" she asked, nosily.

I shrugged. "Nothing really. He just wanted me to know that he got my car fixed," I lied, hoping that she'd just drop the subject.

"Don't fall for it, Selena. It's probably just a part of another one of his scheme's to get you in bed," Sookie said, walking up next to me.

"By getting my car fixed?" I rolled my eyes and laughed. "I highly doubt that he had my car fixed to get in my pants," I said, doubtfully.

She laughed a dull laugh, "You'd be surprised, Selena!"

I turned my head towards her. "You must really hate him."

"He hasn't given me any reason not to," Sookie stated.

"He saved me when I got into that wreck last week," I pointed out, defending him since he wasn't here to do so himself.

"I'm sure that it was only because he wanted something from you," she said entirely sure of herself.

Well, she wasn't wrong about that. He did indeed want something. He wanted to know what I was. Now he knew.

--------

Now that I had my car back I no longer had to carpool with Sookie. I thanked god for that. No offense to her, of course. But, i had some things to think about on my way to work. Things like how Sookie despised Eric more than anything else in the world and how I think that I'm slowly, but surely falling for Eric. It honestly scared me to even think for a second that I was falling for him.

However, all of those thoughts of mine left my mind as soon as Sookie and I stepped foot in Merlotte's. Apparently, Sam was having one of his "quote on quote" days. Unfortunately, he decided to jump on the case of the wrong two girls.

"Well, well, well! Look who finally decided to come to work today," Sam slurred his word and walked up to us, stopping about eight feet away from us.

Sookie and I looked at each other and shook our heads in disbelief.

"Have you been drinking, Sam?" Sookie asked. The look on her face was semi angry and she had her arms crossed.

When Sam spoke, I stepped forward, "It's none of your damn business!"

I took a step back. "Whiskey," I simply said, tapping my foot angrily.

"Seriously, Sam?" Sookie and I asked in unison. Both of us were now standing in the same stance.

"At least I'm not banging vampires!" Sam hissed.

Even though I had never been with a vampire myself, Sam's comment hit me just as hard as it did Sookie. If not worse. I, as was Sookie, was pissed off at Sam now. Even more than we were when we came in not even two minutes ago.

Being the angry type she is, Sookie swung her hand back and then forward. You could hear the impact of the slap as he hand connected with the side of Sam's face. Sam instantly put one of his hands on said cheek and began to rub it soothingly.

Sookie's reaction to Sam's comment shocked me just as it did him. I hadn't seen this side of her in forever. I, believe it or not, was really proud of her.

"How dare you?" she hissed, pushing him out of the way and stomping off into the back.

"Go right ahead and act like a little kid! See if I give a damn!" Sam yelled after her. He was still rubbing his cheek where she slapped him.

Sam turned back to me and opened his mouth to say something.

I held my hand up to stop him before he said something that would cause me to go off on him.

His mouth closed.

"Sam, I really do like you. But, when you drink like this...I'll be honest...I just wanna rip your fucking head off! If you keep this up I can assure you that you will run all of your customers away, your employees and friends will erase you from their lives, and then you'll lose your business. Keep it up...you'll see," I told him, walking off to the back to find where Sookie had gone seconds ago.

Stopping at the kitchen, I was happy to find that Lafayette was back to working.

"Hey, Lafayette," I smiled, "How are you today?"

"Still shaken up," he answered, honestly. I could feel his vibe coming off of him.

"I'm still really sorry that you had to go through all of that," I told him apologetically.

He nodded, looking at me with watery eyes. "Thanks." "But, it's in the past now. I'm trying so hard to move on."

"I know you are. You'll get there someday soon," I assured him. "It won't happen over night, though. It takes some time." "Wait a second! How'd your leg heal so fast?" I asked, curiously.

Lafayette ignored my question and turned away.

"Oh, no! Lafayette Reynolds! Look at me this instant!" I dictated like an angry mother would. He reluctantly looked at me. "I'll ask you one more time...How'd your leg heal so fast?" I asked again.

He was silent.

"Lafayette..."

He remained silent, not wanting to answer my question.

"Seriously, Lafayette..."

Avoiding eye contact he whispered something that I didn't quite catch.

"I'm sorry. I didn't quite catch that."

"Eric," he whispered louder this time.

My eyes widened. "Eric gave you his blood?" I just about blew through the roof. I could already feel red smoke pouring out of my ears like steam engines on a train.

"He forced me," Lafayette said, defensively.

My eye narrowed, "Why would he even give you his blood?" I questioned.

"He said that what you find meaningful, or whatever he said, he finds curious," Lafayette told me. "If you ask me he has the serious hots for you."

I frowned, "Yeah, I know."

Lafayette laughed a little, but something was still off about him. "You'd think that a vampire like him would never go for a girl that didn't go for him first."

I smiled, "You think so, too?"

He nodded.

"I'm honestly surprised that he's even trying so hard," I confessed. "I mean he was always this strong, tense, feared vampire. Then I come along..."

"Apparently, you've got the power to make any guy, no matter what species, droll over you."

I winked at him. "One would think," I agreed.

--------

It was around 10:00 p.m. when Jessica walked into Merlotte's. Instead of her normal annoying, jumpy, happy persona she was sporting a sad, dark, gloomy one. I watched her come in and sit down at one of my tables. I, personally, had never seen her like this before. Not that I've known her that long; because, I haven't.] Curious as to why she was in such a mood and, of course, doing my job, I made my way over to the table that she sat down at.

"Is everything okay, Jess?" I asked, standing at the end of the table.

"No," she answered, shaking her head sadly.

Since Sam left work early completely drunk, I sat down. No one would tell me that I couldn't. So, I did it. "What's wrong?"

She looked up at me from across the table on the verge of letting the blood red tears that were threatening to fall pour out. Pouting, she replied, "Bill won't let me go out with Hoyt."

"Why not?"

"He doesn't trust me."

"From what I've seen you can handle yourself around humans really well."

"I know! That's exactly what I don't understand! I feel like I'm human all over again. When I was human my dad never let me near a guy and now I'm going through the same exact thing with Bill! If you ask me the only difference between humans and vampires is speed, strength, and the need for blood," Jessica rambled on and on.

"Sounds about right," I agreed.

"What am I going to do?" she asked putting her head in her hands.

We both sat in silence for a moment. I thought really hard in that moment and came up with what, if carried out correctly, would be a bullet proof plan.

"I've got an idea!" I said with a mischievous grin.

"Let's hear it!" Jessica smiled for the first time tonight, while lifting her head out of her hands.

"Alright, so..."

I explained the plan fully and she seemed surprised when I finished.

"If I didn't know any better...I'd say that you've done this before."

I didn't deny anything. "My sister's and I tried it on our parents all the time when we were teenagers. Regardless of how smart our parents are my sister's and I never got caught."

"And, you're sure that it'll still work now, too?"

"Positive."

"Well, when can we put our little plan into action?"

"Not tonight. You have to fill Hoyt in on everything so that it goes down without a problem."

"Why am I always the one to have luck like this?" Jessica asked.

Like I would know! I shrugged, "Honestly, I wouldn't know. I'm not you. But, what I do know; however, is that you've got to work with the hand that you're dealt in life. No matter what you think of it."

Little did I know, it wouldn't be long until I had to listen to my own words.

--------

After work I had decided that I'd go to Fangtasia. I had a few things to get off my chest. Unfortunately, though, fate wouldn't allow that.

Since business was slow tonight, a drunken Sam, surprisingly, returned and closed down Merlotte's for the night. He told me to go home early, so, I did. Drunk or not, I wouldn't argue with him over that subject ever.

When I exited the back door into the employee parking lot it was dark. The only light was from the moon, stars, and a not so bright street lamp. I was use to the dark so normally it didn't really bother me, but tonight for some reason it did. I felt uneasy. I felt as if it wasn't a good idea for me to be in the dark tonight.

I sped up, turning my walk into a speed walk. As I headed to my car I heard someone call my name. Not turning around I continued walking. I heard the person's footsteps on the pavement. They were speeding up. My name was called again.

By now I had reached my car and the footsteps stopped. Instead of unlocking my car, which I didn't want to do because I had no idea who was behind me, he could be a thief for all I know, I turned around slowly to see who it was.

Upon first glance, I noticed that I had never seen the person before in my life. The person was a man. The man looked to be in his late 30's, early 40's. He was 5'8'1/2", half an inch taller than I was, medium build, bald, and he had the darkest eyes I'd ever seen. Well, on a human.

"Who are you?" I asked cautiously.

He ignored my question, "Are you Selena Dobreva?"

"What if I am?" I asked. "What's it to you?" Not getting a good vibe from the man, I slowly placed my purse and keys on the roof of my car. I didn't once take my eyes off of him. There just wasn't something right about him.

Before I knew it I felt a stinging sensation in my left eye. My first thought was, "I fucking knew that this man was bad news!"

Out of my right eye, which was now my only good eye, I saw that the man was shocked. I guess he expected me to fall down to the ground. He began to come at me again. Instinctively, I moved out of the way. He wound up running into my car. Luckily, he didn't break anything.

Pivoting to look towards him, I swung my arm back and then forward, connecting my fist with the man's face. If he thought that I wasn't going to fight back then he was a fool.

I refused to go down without a fight. If he started it then I'd sure as hell finish it. The man hissed and fell to the ground cussing up a storm. Not wanting him to get even the slightest upper hand on me I decided that I'd make sure he stayed down on the ground.

I lifted my leg to kick him. Bad move! I was caught off guard when he grabbed my elevated leg and pulled with all of his strength. I felt myself fall and hit the ground with a loud thud. My head began to ache instantly.

Out of the blue, I felt the man's weight as he straddled me. He had my hands trapped above me and I was defenseless. Without my hands my powers were nothing. Well, my eyes controlled my powers, too. It was just the fact that the guy was blocking the light and I couldn't see him well enough to allow my powers to work. That was what had rendered me defenseless.

I didn't want to do it, but I really saw no other option. I admitted to myself that I was for once in my life actually scared of another human being. The man must of sensed my fear because he laughed.

"Defenseless now, are you, hybrid?"

My eyes widened. He knows who I am? I began to struggle and freak out.

"Stop struggling!" the man hissed through clenched teeth.

I ignored him. I tried so hard to get out of his grip, but it didn't seem to work.

Opening my senses up to the man, I could feel his frustration as if it were my own. I felt him let go of one of my hands. Before I could move my now free hand the man grabbed it with his other hand that was holding my other.

He raised his now free hand and balled it into a fist. I, instinctively, closed my eyes. I laid there, struggling still, waiting for the sting that would accompany the feel of his fist connecting with some part of my face.