It was a balmy summer day in the tropical paradise of Zuldazar as Arjak watched a strange red ship sail into port. Foreign vessels were not an unusual sight these days, but he was always intrigued by the type of passengers they brought to his shores. With the onset of the Fourth War, soldiers of the Horde arrived in Zandalar by droves. After the war's end, however, the presence of military personnel was far less common. Grisly veterans were slowly replaced by privileged tourists, most of which were elves. Although many of his kin complained about them, he was more open-minded. Elves were good for business. Besides that, their women were easy on the eyes.
Finding a pillar to lean against, Arjak observed the passengers of the ship as they disembarked. Judging by their appearance, he could tell they were vacationers from Quel'Thalas. A few of them stopped to stare in awe at the great pyramid of Dazar'alor while the others dispersed throughout the city. Local merchants did not discriminate while seeking a profit from the naivety of foreigners. As a mercenary between jobs, he had no merchandise to offer, only a strong spear and keen intuition. Compared to the elves, he was a towering figure of hard primordial muscle. The quality of protection he offered could only be purchased at a premium.
On this day, however, Arjak was not looking for work. Having earned enough money from his last job to achieve financial security, he could finally enjoy a reprieve from risking his neck. Food, drink, and women: these were the pleasures of life that gave kept him going until Bwonsamdi claimed his soul. Luckily, all three could be found here.
After a few minutes, Arjak noticed an elven woman struggling to haul her luggage across the dock. Like most females of her race, she was conspicuously attractive. She wore a sultry beach outfit that was appropriate for the climate and complimented her voluptuous figure. Her lavish jewelry suggested she was accustomed to an affluent lifestyle. Altogether, the ensemble paired well with her long, platinum-blonde hair and lively tan acquired during her voyage. He quickly advanced on her and, gallantly, grabbed her bags. "Where ya be headed?" he asked.
"Who are you!?" the woman snapped back.
"Arjak. You?"
"Erisel... I have a reservation at Spirits Be With You."
Arjak nodded and continued carrying her luggage to the inn. "How polite! Thank you," she said with some relief as she tailed him. "I wasn't expecting this kind of hospitality on an island of trolls."
"First time in Zandalar?" he questioned.
"Yes... My husband thought it would be a good idea to vacation here. Sadly, he got seasick on the way and refuses to leave his cabin. I suppose I won't be having much fun until he gets over it."
"We'll see," Arjak uttered quietly.
"Do you know any good restaurants here? The food on the ship was rather bland."
"Of course, mon. Hope ya brought ya appetite."
"Oh yes... As a matter of fact, I think I'm in the mood for something exotic."
"Then ya won't be disappointed. By de time ya leave, ya nice n' stuffed."
"I like the sound of that! Perhaps you could show me around after dropping off my luggage."
"Sure ting, mon."
After a few minutes of walking, Arjak and Erisel reached their destination. As one of the nicer establishments in Zuldazar, the Spirits Be With You was often the preferred choice of travelers who could afford to spend a little more coin on luxury. It offered a spectacular view of the harbor and was home to a fine restaurant with exquisite Zandalari cuisine. He could have afforded to stay here, but never felt the urge to spend his hard-earned money on a room for just himself.
"This isn't so bad," Erisel stated as they drew closer. "I suppose you can't expect a Wayfarer's Rest all the way out here, but this will do."
After Erisel finished checking in, Arjak followed her to her room. Having never seen the interior before, he was highly amused by the clichéd decoration. The bed was much larger than he imagined and he deduced it was sturdy enough for activities other than sleeping. Without as much as a partition separating them from the rest of the inn, it lacked much in the way of privacy, but fortunately, there weren't many guests milling around this time of day. He set the bags down as she explored the scene. "I love this aesthetic!" she chirped.
"Ya be needin' anyting else?" Arjak offered.
Erisel began digging through her purse. "No, but I suppose I owe you gratuity. How much would you say is appropriate?"
"I don't be wantin' ya gold."
A sympathetic frown appeared on her face. "I'm afraid I have nothing else to offer you."
"Sure ya do," he refuted as he began to purposefully walk towards her. He had decided to have her even before they had set foot in the inn. She may have been somebody's wife, but her marital vows meant nothing in Zandalar. A body like hers was made for breeding, and as a predator unto its prey, it was only natural for him to act on his instincts.
Noticing the troll's sudden shift in demeanor, Erisel blushed. "Oh, I'm afraid you have the wrong idea..." she demurred. Her half-hearted protest was hardly convincing, but she still upheld her posture as a loyal spouse. "I know primitives like you typically lack the nuances of properly courting a woman, but you're far below my station..."
Ignoring her insult, Arjak closed the distance between them. Since he was near twice her height, her head was conveniently level with his bulge. As he lowered his loincloth, she appeared dizzy, unable to articulate an objection to his impertinence. Predictably, her resistance receded when confronted by his fleshly behemoth, the likes of which she had apparently never seen. "Anar'alah," she exhaled as she gazed at it in awe. "I knew trolls were big, but this is preposterous..."
He chuckled bombastically at the woman's compliment as he rested his hand on her tiny scalp. "Go on, woman. Put ya mouth to work."
"Oh, this is not appropriate at all... I have a husband..."
"I know ya want me," he insisted. "Now show me some o' dat 'gratuity' ya offerin'."
"Well... all right..." she obeyed, finally caving to his indomitable will. After pulling her hair behind her ears, she grabbed his cock with both hands and gave the tip a small lick. "Mmm... not as bad as I thought. You have better hygiene than I gave you credit for."
"Hygiene?"
"Nevermind..."
Possessed by lust, Erisel used her spongey tongue to spread her saliva all over Arjak's cock. Once it was all lathered up, she opened wide and ingested as much of it into her maw as she could manage. Unsurprisingly, her mouth wasn't big enough to fit the entire thing. She soldiered on despite this, aggressively sucking the weapon which would inevitably destroy her. It astonished him how a woman of her supposed pedigree could slurp on his junk with such zeal.
After a few minutes, Erisel paused her work and pulled her head back from Arjak's throbbing appendage. "How was that?" she asked as she wiped the drool from her lips.
"Ya got talent" Arjak conceded. "I had a feelin' ya did when I saw ya."
"Consider this your lucky day. I'm not usually this easy."
"Whatevah ya say."
"What? It's true. You wouldn't believe the lengths my husband went through to win me over."
"I be guessin' he didn't do enough."
She giggled. "Certainly seems that way, doesn't it?"
Succumbing to her desire, Erisel pulled off her top, allowing Arjak to fully appreciate the view of her busty rack springing out from the constricting fabric. She removed her tiny skirt afterward, then turned around and pulled her gossamer panties down past her shapely ass. Luring her lover to the bed with a grin, she climbed up on the sheets and rolled onto her back, then hiked her legs straight into the air. Seizing her calves in each hand, he pried her legs apart, then spit on her crevice for lubrication. His veiny package was then dropped on her tummy, causing her to squirm with anticipation. He proceeded to tease her by rubbing his erection against her lap until her patience ran out. "Mmm... fuck me!" she begged. Happy to oblige, he slowly inserted his meat into her inch by inch. As his cock stretched her pussy to its limit, she moaned emphatically, unaware that her erotic sounds were loud enough to be heard throughout the inn.
With ravenous focus, Arjak commenced his assault on Erisel's cervix. She clenched the sheets, arched her back, and cried in rapture as he rampaged inside her. "Oh, fuck, you're really good!" she exclaimed in admission. After several minutes of intercourse, her body was primed for detonation. She inhaled sharply as she orgasmed, releasing her loving juices all over his triumphant cock. He slowed down to savor her ecstatic convulsions. Moments later, she regained her composure and peered up at him with an affectionate smile. "Mmm, your cock is the best..." she praised with a raspy voice.
"Ya know it be true," Arjak concurred as he continued to root her at a reduced pace.
"I wasn't expecting to be fucked by a troll while on vacation. You didn't put a hex on me, did you?"
"Nah, ya just be thirsty for Zandalari mojo."
Shortly thereafter, Arjak pulled out of Erisel, allowing her to roll over onto her hands and knees. "You can be as rough as you'd like," she assured him.
"Good to know," he stated. "Don't be surprised if ya be walkin' funny after this."
Clutching her hips for support, Arjak aligned himself with Erisel's bottom. His cock gradually pushed into her hole once more, producing more obscene noises from her lips. With bestial energy, he took her from behind, indulging her depravity by spanking her and pulling her hair. It was not long before she had another orgasm, prompting her to yammer from another wave of bliss. She turned her head to gaze at him as her nectar dripped down her thighs. "You know just how to please a woman... If you were a little more civilized, you'd make a great husband."
Arjak scoffed. "I don't be needin' anyone to tie me down."
"Understandable, I suppose... It wouldn't be fair for one girl to have you all to herself."
Arjak then uncoupled from Erisel and lay down beside her. She straddled him, then crawled forward until her face hovered above his. In a display of intimacy, her head dipped down to kiss him with impassioned ferocity. As she tasted his lips, his hands found purchase on her tushy, squeezing it like a fresh pillow. Her skin was warm and sweaty from exercise, making it all the more enticing to fondle her.
Eventually, Erisel finished making out with her seducer and sat up straight. She grabbed his cock by the base held it upright as she centered herself over the tip. While biting her bottom lip, she slowly impaled herself upon him, crooning as her capacity was reached. As the nymphal elf started grinding his mast, he put his hands around her waist and savored the view of her bouncing breasts. Her hands pressed down on his abdomen to keep herself stable while she rode him enthusiastically.
Before long, he could sense that his moment was near. When his muscles tensed up, she breathed heavy with excitement, humping him faster and faster as she leered down at him. With a resonating groan of satisfaction, he finally burst, flooding her womb with seed. She threw her head back and gasped as he ejaculated inside her, temporarily paralyzed by the swell of emotion.
Now pumped full of mojo, Erisel fell forward and collapsed on Arjak's chest. "I can't believe we did this," she groused exhaustedly. "I'm a terrible wife, aren't I?"
He decided it was better to leave her question unanswered. Mercenaries did not make for good therapists. At any rate, her guilty conscience did not last long. After a brief repose, she crawled backward and began resuscitating his erection with her mouth. "Might as well embrace it, hmm?" she stopped to say after she caught him staring at her. "If I can't be a good wife, I can at least be a good slut."
"Can't argue wit dat."
"My husband isn't any good in bed, anyway. I've got to enjoy your cock while I have you."
For the next few minutes, she fellated him with fervor, fulfilling her new role as his elven concubine. There was a distinct improvement in her performance now that she had let go of her inhibitions. By the time she was done, his loins felt like they were on fire. He felt an overwhelming desire to wrack her sinful body now that she had succumbed to her carnality. Grabbing her by the throat, he forced her into a new position underneath him. With her pinned down in this way, he entered her again and began aggressively thrusting his hips fast and hard. The onslaught lasted until she began hyperventilating, at which point he was ready to deliver his final load. She gaped up at him with wide, feverish eyes as he emptied his balls into her, inundating her with more cum than she could possibly absorb. Consequently, the sheets beneath her became soaked with the overflow, creating a problem she would need to solve before her husband arrived. It was unlikely she even realized what a mess she was in, however, for she slipped into unconsciousness before his cock was done erupting.
At this opportunity, Arjak quietly slid off the bed to retrieve his belongings and depart. He was not inclined to find himself caught up in the aftermath of her affair, especially with the chance of it resulting in an unwanted child. As far as he was concerned, their business was concluded, and the consequences of her infidelity were her own to deal with. By now he had already forgotten her name.
As he was leaving, the innkeeper winked at him, confirming the liaison had not been as clandestine as the elf had hoped. "Ya be takin' good care of dat one, mon" the man commended. "Never heard an elf sound makin' sounds like those before."
Arjak chuckled immodestly. "She be a demon in bed, mon. Keep ya distance."
"Psh! Ya don't tink I'd be shaggin' my own clients, do ya?"
"Mon, if dey be lookin' like her, I'd tink someting wrong wit ya if ya didn't!"
Dehydrated from his busy morning, Arjak briskly made his way to a local tavern where he could quench his thirst. While he waited for his drink, he could not help but overhear a conversation between two elven women sitting next to him at the counter. They looked just as fetching as the one he had just finished with.
"You think it's true?" asked one of them, a buxom redhead with an exceptionally cute face.
"Just think about it," answered the other, a smoldering brunette with a fabulous body. "If everything's proportional, it has to be gigantic."
"I suppose... But do you think it would even fit?"
The brunette laughed. "Why don't you find out? I'm sure any of them would be thrilled to give it to you if you asked."
"No way! Not with a troll..."
"Oh, come on. You can't tell me you haven't thought about it. I saw you checking out that bartender."
"Shut up! You're the one who can't stop obsessing over their cocks."
Arjak got up and walked over to the two women, placing his hands on their shoulders. "How ya doin', ladies?"
The women glanced at each other knowingly before the brunette looked back to him and smiled. "Great..."
"First time in Zandalar?"
"Yes, actually. Think you could show us around?"
"Of course. I know a spot ya gonna be fallin' in love with."
Arjak knew just where to take his new companions: a secluded stretch of coast with glittering white sand and clear blue water as far as the eye could see. Away from the hustle and bustle of the city, it was one of Zandalar's best- kept secrets. Before long, the two women would be fighting over his cock beneath a shady palm tree. Things were shaping up to be a perfect day.