"Sweet Jesus" Alex whispered to herself as she woke up, remembering the unbelievable orgasms she'd had the night before. She pulled her legs up toward her chest and rolled over on her side; there was a deep dull pain inside her. The pain was accompanied by a feeling of emptiness, and it reminded her of how filled up she had been. Alex opened her eyes and saw the body of the boy who made her feel this way, sleeping quietly next to her in her bed. "He's no boy", she thought, "not after the way he fucked me last night". The guys she'd been with before were definitely "boys" in comparison. "Nope, Jack is definitely a man..".

She softly rolled her naked body toward his side of the bed, under the sheet they shared , trying not to wake him. Jack was on his side, facing her. His shoulders moved slightly with each sleeping breath. Alex reached a hand up to the top of the sheet and slowly pulled it down from his chest. The early morning sun was just starting to come into her bedroom and she wanted to get a look at him in the daylight. They made love in the shadows of her moonlight bedroom the night before, and she'd definitely felt every bit of him with her hands, her mouth, and her pussy. If it weren't for the pain in her womb she would have thought it was a dream, because it seemed so unreal.

He had fucked her to oblivion with that enormous thing and she had so many orgasms that she'd lost count. Right now, she wanted to see him with her eyes, to confirm what her body told her had happened. Alex needed to see that big cock again. She'd seen the penises of five other boys in her life, and she'd only tugged or sucked on those. So she had no idea what they would have felt like inside of her. But she knew that the dick she held in her hand last night was way bigger than any those she'd seen before. In fact, the other boy's dicks had been like miniature versions of a cock, when compared to Jack's pussy pleasing monster.

The sheet top was slowly moving down Jack's body, just near the bottom of his flat belly now. She saw the first wisp of blondish brown pubic hair as she continued to uncover him. Then a little more, and the base of his cock came into view. White against his hair, it was as thick as her forearm. "Oh my god" she thought to herself, pulling down the sheet until he was in full view. She stopped, her mouth slightly open. She breathed deeply and unconsciously licked her lower lip. His cock was hanging down on the bed as he lay on his side. The head was resting on the bottom sheet, with inches of thick shaft leading back to his groin. It was magnificent.

Jack shifted in his sleep, rolling on to his back. Alex watched his cock as he moved. It had rolled off to the side of his waist, with the thick head almost at his hip. She reached out a hand to touch it. "Hello down there", Jack said, looking her in the eye with a smile. Alex smiled back, "I'm sorry, I was just so curious". "You're welcome to touch it all you want, Gorgeous. Please, be my guest". He slid a little closer to her, presenting lower torso in her direction. His cock moved a little as he slid, rolling up onto his belly. The underside was exposed, with a seam of skin that began at the bottom of his cock head and ran down his long fat shaft. Jack's huge balls were resting near the top of his legs.

"I'm having fun just looking at it." Alex said with a little giggle. She moved her hand toward him and brought her fingers lightly down on the center of his shaft. She softly ran them down the underside of his cock down the base. It moved. "Ahh!" she exclaimed, "This is so much fun." She tried to wrap her hand around it, just below the head, but it was too big. Her fingers didn't come close to touching. "It's huge." she said, looking at Jack. He didn't say a word. Alex turned her attention back to the enormous soft dick in her hand. Jack laid his head back on the pillow and sighed lightly. "I like it when you touch me", he said.

"I'm glad she's having so much fun", Jack thought, "after the intense fucking she endured last night I thought she might be a little hesitant to go at it again." He remembered how long it took just to get part of his cock inside of her. Jack was surprised that they hadn't waken up the other sorority girls with all the grunting and moaning that was going on in Alex's bedroom as she struggled to take him and he worked to fit himself inside her tight virgin pussy. He was absolutely stunned that she'd taken all of him.

Alex opened her hand and ran her palm down his cock, squeezing it softly. "How big does it get?" she asked. "You know how big it gets" Jack said, "unless you already forgot about last night." "Oh, I definitely haven't forgotten, I'm still aching from having that thing inside of me." "But I need see it again in all of its glory." she said. "Keep touching it like that and you'll see soon enough", he replied.

She was lightly rubbing the underside of his cock now, and it was getting bigger. When she started touching his dick, the head was a couple of inches below his belly button and now was moving up near the bottom of it. She felt the warmth of his blood rushing into his cock as the small folds in his skin began to smooth out. It was getting thicker in her hand too, and veins were becoming exposed along the shaft. "Wow, this is amazing", she said as she continued to stroke him. Jack reached over to her naked body and softly rubbed on one of her tits, lightly pinching her nipple. His cock was starting to get hard. The tip of his cock head was up past his navel now, and it started to lift up and away from his belly. Jack pulled Alex's mouth to his and kissed her with his tongue. She sat up a little bit and moved her body toward his, pushing her tongue into his mouth. She put both hands on his cock, rubbing up and down the shaft.

"Man, she's fucking hot", Jack thought to himself, looking at her naked body. She had long, dark brown hair, almond eyes, and a sexy little mouth. Her body was a tight little package, even though she had a nice, ample set of tits. Jack had always liked short girls like Alex, but he hadn't had much luck in bed with them. The few he'd messed around with had been too intimidated by his cock to have sex with him. Handjobs and blowjobs are fine, but eventually you have to fuck someone if you're going to have a relationship. He'd only been able to get "balls deep" with one other girl, and she was almost six feet tall. She was Jack's first serious girlfriend and they both virgins the first time he fucked her.

Alex looked down, Jack's dick was pointing up toward her face. She kissed him once on the lips and then leaned down and planted a kiss right on the head of his huge cock. "Mmmmm, that's very nice.", Jack said. Alex put her mouth back on his, probing with her tongue. She rubbed her hands up and down the shaft of his cock. She moved one down to touch his balls. She wrapped her hand around one fat testicle, marveling at its heft. Alex rubbed on his lemon sized balls and his sack with one hand while she stroked the shaft and head of his cock with the other. She moved one hand to the top of his cock head and moved it around in a small circle. A small bit of pre-cum leaked out of his cock hole, lubricating her palm as she rubbed it.

Alex's pussy was wet, too. She was breathing heavily as they kissed and she could feel the heat building inside of her. She opened her eyes and looked over as she was stroking him. "Oh my god", she said, catching her breath. She couldn't believe the size of Jack's cock. Both of her hands were on it, and there was plenty of open space left. It was rock hard and pointing angrily straight up from his groin. She pushed it back down toward his body and the head stopped a few inches past his belly button, near the bottom of his chest. "I can't believe that was inside of me". Alex felt the dull pain in her womb, even as she became aroused. She looked into Jack's eyes. He could see that she was getting a little nervous.

"What's the matter, Alex?" he asked. "I'm a little scared" she said. "Alex, I'm not going to hurt you. I'd never hurt you." "I believe you; it's just so fucking big." Alex replied. "I'll always be as gentle as you need me to be" Jack whispered, holding her face in his hands and looking back into her eyes. "You are so fucking beautiful, and what you're doing feels so good. Please don't stop." He kissed her. Alex still had her hands on his cock. She kissed him back. Jack moved his hands along the tops of her arms as he kissed her. He lifted back her head and kissed her neck. Alex sighed.

After they got done fucking the night before, Alex had passed out. "She must have been pretty worn out." Jack thought. He was glad she slept so deeply. He had gone to the bathroom after she fell asleep, and when he looked back into the bedroom he saw the mess they had made of her bed sheets. They were sweaty and cum stained, and there was a good bit of blood from her de-flowering as well. Jake had been able to get her to wake up enough to get out of bed and take a shower. While she was cleaning up, he replaced the sheets with a fresh set he found her closet.

Jack guided Alex onto her back and kissed the tops of her breasts. "Her tits are perfect" he thought to himself as he gripped them softly with his big hands and licked her nipples. The pink heads of her nipples were hard, standing up from the light brown skin of her heaving tits. He moved down, kissing her belly as he went, until he got to the top of her mound. She had a small, soft, brown patch of hair just above her pussy. Jack nuzzled his face into it and breathed in. Alex put her hands on his head and moved her body against him. He kissed the outside of her pussy lips, then stuck his tongue between them. He licked the inside of her labia and darted the tip of his tongue into her pussy. Jack ran his hands down her side. He put one thumb on the top of her clit and rubbed it as he licked her sex. He massaged her tits and rubbed her belly with the other hand. Alex arched her back and sighed, "Oh god, please keep doing that". Jack continued to rub and lick, pushing his whole tongue into her pussy and sucking on her lips. The speed of his clit rubbing picked up and Alex ground her body into his face. She was breathing heavily as he ate her out, clutching his hair with her hands. "You're going to make me come," she squealed, "don't stop!" Jack put one hand under her ass and pulled her even tighter to him as he pleased her little pussy. Alex felt the heat in her body building. She was rocking in motion with his efforts, and she felt the sweet release of her orgasm. She came with his tongue inside her and she loved it. Alex pulled his head up to hers and kissed his mouth, smelling and tasting the musk of her sex on him. "You are amazing." she said, "Now it's my turn." and she pushed Jack onto his back. 

She leaned over on her knees next to him, kissing his mouth heavily as he lay down. She put her hands on his shoulders and ran them down his arms, then back up to his chest. Alex was hot for his fit, muscular body. She felt his hard cock bump against her hanging tits as she kissed him. "Jesus, that thing's big" she thought. She kissed his chest and his belly, rubbing her hands on his body as she went. She stopped when she reached his mid-section and slid her hips off to the side of Jack's legs.

Alex looked down at Jack's cock. It was jutting up obscenely toward her, rigid and massive. She wrapped her hands around the shaft and looked up at Jack. "May I?" she asked. "Please." Jack said with a big smile on his face. Alex leaned over and licked the fat helmet of his cock head with her tongue. She put her lips over the tip and tried to suck the head into her mouth. It was too big to fit all the way. She continued to suck and lick his cock head while she stroked her hands up and down the shaft. Jack was so turned on watching her struggle to make love with his cock with her mouth. It felt so good. "Oh baby, keep going." he said.

Alex had no intention of stopping until she made him cum, just as Jack had done for her. She moved her body down a little bit further and pushed Jack's cock down to his belly. She held the top of his dick with one hand and licked her way down the underside, sucking the soft skin into her mouth here and there. When she got to his balls, she nuzzled her mouth right into the center of his scrotum and sucked at the base of his nuts. Alex was stroking his cock as she did this. A groan came out from Jack's mouth. She sucked as much of one ball as she could fit into her mouth, then tried the other. She kissed and licked them through his sac, then sucked on the bottom of his cock.

Alex moved her mouth back to the top of his huge dick and sucked on the head. Saliva was streaming out of her mouth as she blew him; she was so turned on sucking that big cock. Her spit lubricated her hands and his cock. She gripped his member hard as she stroked up and down. Alex leaned over and flicked her tongue along the flap of skin at the base of his cock head. The head flared up and more pre-cum seeped out of the hole. She started to massage his balls with one hand and stroke him with the other while she sucked on the head. Jack grabbed her fat titties with his hands and squeezed them. She gasped in excitement.

Her pussy was incredibly wet; sucking his enormous cock was driving her crazy with lust. She took her mouth off his dick and placed the shaft between her boobs. She pushed her tits together around his hot cock and starting to rock her body up and down, fucking him with her breasts. She sucked his cock head each time it emerged through her cleavage. Alex was breathing heavy, intent on making Jack come. She looked up at him. Jack's head was arched back and his eyes were closed. "I think it's working." She thought. She took his cock out from between her 34D's and continued to stroke it with her hands.

Alex stroked Jack's amazing cock with a vengeance, and sucked on the head of his cock. He started to breath heavier. His cock grew in her hands and her mouth. "He must be getting close" she thought, as she stroked and sucked even harder. "Oh, I'm going to cum!" Jack gulped. His body jerked a little and Alex felt his cock swell up, ready to shoot his seed. She put her mouth on his cock head just as it reared back to blast the first hot stream of cum. It shot against the back of her throat, surprising her a bit with its force. Her mouth filled up quickly and she swallowed, hungrily gulping his sweet, steamy cum. She loved the way it tasted. His massive cock continued to jerk in her hands as shots of baby-goo fired into her mouth. She couldn't swallow fast enough to keep up with the volume and some leaked from her mouth. Alex had to catch her breath, and Jack's sperm shot onto her face as she drew away. She jerked his big dick with both hands, squeezing the love juice out of it. The force slowly subsided, and big globs of cum spurted out from his cock hole. Alex licked the top of his cock, trying to get all of the mess. There was too much. Some of it seeped past her hands and down his shaft. She sucked and licked, cleaning Jack's cock with her tongue and mouth. He just lay on his back breathing, his body jerking in pleasure every now and then. Alex finished by sucking on his balls and milking his dick to get the last bit of jizz to squeeze out. She lapped all of it up with her tongue and swallowed every drop. "Oh my god, I'm kind of a slut" she thought, "at least for Jack's huge cock."

Jack pulled her up to him, kissing her neck and boobs and holding her naked body close to his. His dick was leaning off to one side, starting to soften. "Thank you so much" he said, kissing her cheeks and forehead. "My pleasure" said Alex, "maybe you'll fuck me again soon with that monster to pay me back?" "Oh yes" Jack replied, "very soon" squeezing her tits and kissing her mouth as he guided one of her hands to his cock. It was already hard. 

Alex smiled at Jack, "I can't believe it. You are amazing". She had a hand on the solid head of his cock. It was as big and hard as a doorknob. Not two minutes ago she'd just finished sucking what she thought was every last bit of cum out of his massive meat pole, and already it was erect in its full glory and ready to go again. Jack laughed and kissed her hard on the mouth. "That's right" he thought, "and now I'm getting ready to fuck that tight little pussy of yours." He was sitting on the edge of the bed with Alex on his lap. He held her waist firmly as they sucked each other's tongues. There was a knock at her bedroom door.

Alex put a finger to her mouth, "Shhhh, we're not supposed to have boys in our rooms." They were both silent for a moment. "Alex?" a female voice came from the other side of the door, "Are you ok in there?" "Crap" Alex whispered, climbing off of Jack's lap and motioning for him to cover himself. She grabbed her robe from the bathroom and put it on. "I'm fine, Sarah." she said as she walked toward the door, "It's early, shouldn't you still be asleep?" Alex grabbed the doorknob and opened the door just a crack. The blue eyes of her best friend Sarah peered back at her through the crack, "What are you doing in there?" Sarah was no dummy; she knew that there was a boy in Alex's room. She was curious what all of the noise was about. Her bedroom was right next door, and she'd heard all of the heavy breathing and grunting this morning.

"None of your business." Alex whispered coarsely as she smiled, embarrassed. "Well it definitely sounds like you're having fun" said Sarah, smiling back. "Who's with you?" She leaned her blonde head in toward the small opening in the doorwau, trying to get a peek. Alex loved Sarah, but was a little annoyed with how nosey she was being. "Go away. I'll tell you all about it later." "Fine" Sarah replied, "I was on my way downstairs to get some breakfast anyway". "Don't you dare try and sneak out of the house. I want to hear everything before you go anywhere today." she whispered, giving Alex a sly look. "I promise. Now shoo."

Before Alex was able to close the door, Sarah pushed her pretty face in just far enough to see Jack on Alex's bed. He smiled sweetly at her, a little embarrassed about the situation. He had covered his lower body with the sheet, but his bare chest and shoulders were exposed. Sarah looked down at his body. Her eyes grew wide and she put one hand over her mouth and inhaled quickly, shocked by what she saw. A smile broke out from behind her hand and she looked at Alex with big eyes as she backed out of the doorway. "Good bye" said Alex, "I'll talk to you later", trying to scoot her out of there as quickly as possible. Sarah still had a hand covering the big smile on her face as Alex closed the door. "What was that about?" she wondered, turning back toward Jack.

He lay on her bed, partially covered by the sheet. It looked like a tent. Jack's still hard cock was pointing straight up, poking the middle of the sheet almost a foot off of the rest of his body. It looked like he had a third knee. "Oh my god", she heard Sarah gasp from the other side of the door. Clearly she'd seen it and realized it wasn't an extra knee. "Oh boy" Alex thought, "so much for secrets. And any privacy, for that matter."

She laughed, looking at Jack. "Well, at least you tried" she said. Jack looked sheepishly back at her, and shrugged his shoulders, "Sorry". Alex was actually surprised that neither Sarah nor any of the other girls had come knocking earlier, what with all of the noise that had come from her room last night and this morning. Then she remembered that many of the girls had already gone back home since finals were done, and the semester over. The ones that hadn't left must have still been out when she and Jack got back last night. "Either that or their deaf" she thought. Alex remembered her screaming orgasms from the night before, which reminded her of the beautiful naked man lying covered on her bed. She was ready for some more orgasms. 

She sauntered back toward the bed, taking off her robe as she moved. Jack smiled at her. "You're fucking gorgeous" he said. His eyes took in her petite form; long brunette hair, sultry eyes and pretty smile, great looking tits, a slim little belly and nice legs, and a tiny tuft of soft brown pubic hair over the top of her perfect little pussy. He was still amazed that he was able to stuff his entire cock into her the night before, and he couldn't wait to try again.

Alex looked down at Jack as he lay on her bed, still covered by the sheet. Not that the sheet was hiding anything very effectively. Jack's enormous fuck stick jutted upward, making a teepee out of the cover on top of his groin. He swept the sheet back as she approached. She watched as his dick sprang back as his cock head was released from the moving sheet. "I don't know if I'll ever get used to seeing that thing" Alex thought to herself "I'm mesmerized every time I look at it". Jack sat up as she reached the bed, "You like what you see, little girl? Want to go for a ride?" "Oh my, yes" she replied, climbing catlike onto the bed next to him. Her pussy was already wet. She kissed his chest, then grabbed the top of his cock and pulled it to her mouth. She sucked on the head for a moment as she pulled her body on top of his legs.

She took her mouth off of his fat helmet and moved up on to his thighs. She kept both hands on his swollen shaft, stroking him softly. Alex looked into Jack's eyes and leaned forward, opening her lips to explore his mouth with her tongue. He put his big hands on her waist, pulling her closer to him so that her crotch was right next to his. She felt the base of his cock against her pussy. His dickhead was up by her tits as she continued to rub him. He kissed her passionately, his shaft stiffening in her hands as she drew into his embrace. "Are you ready to try this again?" he asked Alex.

As turned on as she was, Alex was incredibly nervous. "You did say that next time you wanted to be on top" he said. This was only the second time she'd had sex, so she wasn't really even sure where to start. Last night, Jack had taken control. She looked down Jack's massive pole, "I think I might need a little help." "Of course" he said, "You know, one of the great things about being on top is that you get to decide how fast you want things to go. Take your time. Trust me, I'm in no hurry". He smiled as he held her face in his hands and kissed her. "Just put the tip in to start. I'll help" he said, lifting her ass up from his body with his strong arms. Alex helped to push herself up to her knees. The top of his cock was still well above her pussy lips, so she got on her feet and squatted over his crotch.

Jack still had his hands on her waist, and Alex pulled his engorged cock head toward her moist slit. She was looking down at it. The knob of his cock was bigger than her hand. She rubbed it up against her pussy lips, wetting it in her juices. Jack grabbed his shaft and lifted his hips to rub the bottom of his cock head on the hood covering her clit. A tingle of pleasure ran up her spine and she sighed deeply. He moved his cock back to her opening and pushed it upward a little. Her labia spread over the tip. Alex sat her body down a little, seeing if it would go in. Her pussy hole stretched. She felt like she was getting ripped open, but she wanted that huge dick inside her so bad. Nothing in her life had even come close to making her feel the way she did when he was inside of her the night before. Completely full.

Alex pushed herself down, attempting to force the immense head of Jack's cock into her willing pussy. Jack watched in amazement as she struggled to fit him in. He didn't know how it was going to fit; the pressure of her taut opening against his glans was becoming unbearable. She grunted and pushed even harder. It finally went in. The head of his dong disappeared into her snatch. "Oohhh", she moaned as she rocked her body slightly up and down, wetting his knob. "That feels so fucking good", she said. Jack was relieved. Granted, it was only the head, but it was a start. He had been nervous that it wasn't going to go in. If they were at his place he would have used some lube, because he'd definitely needed it before. He hadn't even asked Alex if she had any, she was way too innocent to have any of that laying around. He'd find some way to make sure there was a bottle of it here next time.

Alex was panting like a bitch in heat as she fucked the top of his cock. Her cunt was sopping wet and she was able to slide an inch or so down his turgid shaft. She continued to rock her hips. Jack's hands were back on her waist and he followed her movements with his arms. He reached up and grabbed her tits, squeezing one in each hand. He pinched her hard, pink nipples. "Oh fuck" she gasped pushing two more inches of dick inside of her. Jack was so turned on watching her try to fuck him. She wasn't even halfway down his cock yet, but he was already in heaven. The fluid from her velvet tunnel coated the partial length of his shaft that she had been able to take in so far. Jack watched as her pussy lips folded inward on each down stroke and then clung and stretched along his prick when she pulled back up. His dick got thicker at the midpoint, and then tapered off until it bulged out again at the root. He wondered how far she would get, and if he would have to take over.

Alex pushed and pulled, slowly fucking the top of his cock. She bravely forced more of his hard-on into her pussy. It felt so good. Her senses were completely alive, and she was intent on getting Jack's massive meat stick all the way inside of her. Alex felt an orgasm start to build. She moved her body a little faster, grinding her hips back and forth as she slid up and down his dong. "Oh my god, I'm coming" she panted, rocking even faster. An explosion of pleasure shocked her body as she came, then a deep warmth enveloped her. A couple more inches of man meat sunk into her snatch. Her cunt hole was obscenely stretched around the thickest part of his tool.

She had about six inches of his pole inside her and she was finally able to rest on her knees. Alex was fucking Jack's massive cock now. She was in ecstasy. Another orgasm grew in her womb. She came again, huffing and moaning as she worked his tool. Jack decided that it was time to see if he could help out a little bit. Alex's eyes were closed; with her head leaning back slightly as she fucked him. Her body was covered in a sweet glint of sweat. He gripped her waist with both hands and pushed up with his hips, fucking back at her willing snatch. "Oh my god" she gasped loudly, "I'm coming again!" as another explosion of pleasure shook her little body. Jack had to restrain himself from driving the full length of his beast into her right then. He was able to contain his desire and continued to match the movements of Alex's grinding hips. He was confident with where this was going.

Jack's strategy was working. Alex pushed back at his thrusts, and his cock was going deeper and deeper into her hole. She felt him up into her tummy. Her pussy quivered in pleasure with every stroke. She couldn't believe how deep he was inside of her and she didn't know if she could take another inch. She leaned forward with her hands on his chest as they fucked, panting in lust and exhaustion. She lifted her pussy up and down that amazing pole, savoring it's unbelievable length. There were still a couple of inches of Jack's cock that hadn't made it into her quim. He was pushing and grinding up into her tight pussy as he tried to complete the task.

For the first time, Jack noticed a mirror at the foot of Alex's bed. It was full length and he could see her body rise and fall as she rode on top of him. He watched her gorgeous, fat little ass bob up and down while she fucked him. Her pussy lips were stretched to the max as they gripped the circumference of his rod. Jack's huge nuts were straining against his groin as he pistoned into her snatch. Jack was so turned on watching the show that he unconsciously squeezed her waist and slammed the rest of his dong all the way inside her cunt. Alex howled, the head of Jack's organ was buried in her womb and their pubic bones touched. She screamed in ecstasy as another massive orgasm racked her body. Alex had completely lost control and she couldn't even think anymore. All she wanted was to keep fucking that enormous cock and come until she couldn't come any more.

She started to slide back up Jack's dick and he stopped her. He pulled her back down until he was all the way inside of her again. She looked into his eyes; her beautiful face was contorted into a mask of desire. He held her there and then began to rock his body back and forth under her, working his massive tool inside her shuddering quim. Her body spasmed. Alex cried out "Fuck me, you big motherfucker!" She came again and again. His cock seemed like it filled every bit of extra space inside her body. Then Jack held on to her tightly and rolled them both over so that she was on her back. He continued to grind against her with his entire length inside of her love canal. Alex thought she was going to pass out from the pleasure, she didn't know how much more she could take.

That's when Jack started to fuck her. He pulled his cock back from her pussy and began thrusting. He pushed his dick to different depths, sometimes shallow sometimes deep. Every now and then he would drive the full length of his fuck bone into her and grind his hips at the bottom, driving her mad with pleasure. Alex continued to have one intense orgasm after another as Jack pile drove into her torrid womb. She'd stopped counting how many times she'd come a long while ago. Jack licked and squeezed her tits as he pounded her willing pussy. He sucked on her neck. Alex kissed his mouth whenever she could catch a breath between climax.

Jack started to feel the pressure of an orgasm building in his nuts. He pushed harder into Alex and moved his hands up under her ass. He squeezed her butt cheeks as he drilled his fantastic tool into her body. She came harder than she ever had before and locked her legs around his waist, bucking against him as he thrust. They both were sweating with animal ferocity, sucking and licking each other's mouths as they moaned in pleasure. Jack's pole expanded inside of her pussy and he forced his balls up against her ass, driving his cock to the hilt. Alex's eyes rolled into the back of her head and she arched her back in rapture. His massive rod exploded inside her, cum from his balls pushed up his shaft and shot out from the head of his cock. Jack held on to her tightly as each wave of sperm blasted into her womb. Alex could feel the heat of his come fill her fuck hole. She came in sequence with his spurts. Her pussy was completely filled.

He kissed Alex on the mouth while his cock continued to spasm inside her body. He breathed a deep sigh of pleasure, having emptied his balls into her cunt. Alex wrapped her arms around his neck, shuddering from her last orgasm. She kissed the side of his face and his neck.

The two of them were exhausted. Jack lay on top of Alex as his dick finally grew soft inside of her. "Please don't ever stop fucking me" she said. "I could definitely get used to this" he replied, "Any chance you're in the market for a boyfriend?" She chuckled, "Oh you're in, and you've definitely made it through the approval process." "Five stars?" he asked. "Ten stars, at least" Alex replied with a smile on her face. She was so damn cute, Jack thought. She can still be shy and innocent, even after a fucking like that. "Great, maybe we can go out on a date together sometime". Jack and Alex both laughed. They were asleep within minutes. 