Despite the many braziers winter kept slipping into the old Fujimiya house, Crawford found himself writing letters late into the night, huddled around the fire pit with Baba as it was the warmest spot in the house whilst his courtesan bedded down with his two servants, Ken and Naoe. Naoe was between them so that he was in the warmest part of the futon. It was a stirring sight, one that made Crawford feel fond rather than lecherous although he knew that if he wanted he could tumble the three of them at the same time.
It was a lovely sight, the three heads, one brown, one black and one red tilted together, Ken with his head cast back as if in passion, but with a slight snore and his mouth just open, Naoe had his head tucked down, with a sort of wheezing wiffle noise as he slept, and spooned up against him, face almost buried in Naoe's neck was Aya looking for all the world as if he was made of marble.
Fuji had sketched the scene, making adjustments to the charcoal as Aya moved his arm or Naoe snuffled and smacked his lips in his sleep. He would ink the picture and include it in those he would send the emperor of Crawford's rose, because all three boys were lovely, Ken had an earthy look about him, with wide strong shoulders that sprawled deliciously over sylph like Naoe who was young and haunted, even in sleep, and then Aya with his porcelain perfection.
The emperor would love such a gift, and Fuji knowing the emperor well, would likely compose some haiku about their beauty whilst informing him that they were to visit the Taira and that Fuji could not resist the opportunity to sketch such beauty as he found there in the middle of winter. Fuji knew how to win over his emperor, and delivered as they would be by Fuji's own lover, a man the entire court knew that the emperor liked to watch, but not to touch being too old for his tastes.
When Crawford retired he looked somewhat longingly at the three of them, tucked up and warm in the same futon, Naoe covered with Ken's arm and Aya's leg thrown over him in his sleep. He wondered for a moment if he should join them, and then decided against it, retiring to his own futon on the other side of the brazier and the comfort of his own hand.

When he turned he saw Aya lying facing him with his eyes open just a slit in the darkness, "master?" he asked softly.
Crawford pressed a finger to his own lips, as Aya slunk from his own futon, slipping off his yukuta as he went, all white long limbs in the moonlight. His hair and eyelashes seemed almost inky, and the tattoo on the back of his neck seemed like it held mysteries. In the moonlight, with the banked light from the brazier, Aya looked magnificent and otherworldly.
He slipped under the futon and his skin was hot from his own, and his eyes heavy lidded from his sleep. He snuggled into Crawford's chest, resting his face against the crinkling hairs there and yawned. "You looked lonely," he murmured, his eyes closing slightly, then with one hand around his master's waist the other began to creep lower, with a very definite intention.
Aya's skin was silk soft due to the cosmetics and oils he used to keep it like that, and the dip at the base of his palm, beside his thumb seemed a perfect resting place for Crawford's cock as Aya softly tugged it into life. He lifted the hand that lay over his waist and softly pinched at Crawford's exposed nipple, lowering his mouth to the other and letting the very tip of his tongue play. Crawford bit into his lip, half sure he was dreaming and determined not to wake the other two. Aya wasn't ready for that yet.
He couldn't help but rub his hips up into Aya's hand as Aya lapped and pinched and pulled. Even the skin of Aya's stomach was silk soft and the length of his fingers ran the length of him, and then Aya bit. Crawford couldn't keep the gasp quiet, and on the other futon Naoe snuffled, almost awoken and then rolled over before Ken pinned him in place. Aya looked up at him with a grin that Crawford wanted to kiss, but when he lowered his mouth to do so Aya turned his face away.
There was something however in burying his face in the curve of Aya's neck, the smell there where his ear and hair met and the heat of his body in the shared futon and with a muffled grunt into the pressed lobe of Aya's ear he came in his hand. Aya looked at him again with those heavy lidded eyes and grinned his devil's grin.
His hand left Crawford and he shifted position, pushing Crawford unto his back and straddling his hips brought his cum streaked hand down, past Crawford's exhausted erection, down past his own, further, past his hanging balls, and then pressed up as he bit down on his bottom lip, casting his head back with a muffled gasp. Crawford raised his head to better see Aya fingering himself. He was silently rocking unto his own fingers, one hand resting on Crawford's chest as he did, just for balance and then Crawford brought his hand up, one holding the forearm of the arm he leant on, and the other taking the wrist of the hand he pleasured himself with. Aya looked down and smiled at him, with not a word between them, and let Crawford replace his hand for Aya's.
His hands were stronger, larger, darker than Aya's his fingers thicker, rougher, callused. They appeared darker in the moonlight, speckled with dark hairs, where Aya appeared to be made of alabaster or milk rising above him like a crest of sea foam. Aya may have looked like he was made of ice but he was hot inside, blistering hot and slick with cum. His erection looked heavy, bobbing between his bouncing thighs.
When Aya spat in his hand and ran it the length of his returning erection Crawford did his best to stifle the groan and then using that hand he moved Crawford's hand out of the way, pressing the very head of his cock against him before slowly slipping down like he was being impaled.
Crawford could see the tip of his tongue and the flash of teeth as Aya concentrated on keeping his body straight, of guiding the burning within him, without making a single noise to wake the others. When he was fully seated, Crawford pressed inside him as deep as he could go he took Crawford's hands and moved them to his ass, biting his lip as Crawford began to knead the flesh there.
His movements were slow and precise as he rocked, licking his lips and biting them in equal measure, his own hands clutched around Crawford's wrists as he guided him up and down, kneading the flesh with sweaty palms.
Aya came on the down-stroke, head cast back and a spray of spittle escaping his mouth, but he remained silent, eyes screwed shut as he just sat there for a moment, appreciating the shock to his system even as his hips still jerked slightly and the flush spread over him before he disentangled himself, rising slowly as his flesh sucked on Crawford's as if it didn't want to let it ago. He looked around the room to make sure the other two were still asleep before he slid down Crawford's body, licking away the traces of his orgasm before he lowered his mouth to Crawford's remaining erection. Crawford couldn't help but bring his hand to his mouth, to bite on his fingers, so as not to make a noise as Aya first took a deep breath into his pubic hair and then began lapping at the flesh.
Aya had no talent for this, weeks of training, first with the twins and then with Crawford had given him an idea of what was necessary but no real flair and he never initiated it on his own. He held Crawford's erection in place with his palm and then rubbed his face along it, because he knew Crawford liked that, then he began to lap at the head, like Kimi would lap at unattended toes.
He started his tongue, just where the head met the shaft and ran it upwards, and then repeated the gesture. His tongue was hot and soft where the air was cool and the sight of him, crouched between Crawford's legs, staring at him over his cock was mesmerising.
Aya didn't like to take the head in his mouth because it made him gag, Crawford was a little too big for Aya to take into his mouth comfortably but he was eager with his tongue and his loose grip meant Crawford's cock bobbed against his mouth, occasionally slapping against thin wet lips and a sloppy chin. Pressing his fingertips hard just under the crown Aya shifted position and took the very head into his mouth, just the tip and when he released his fingers he moved his hand down to Crawford's balls and squeezed gently. Crawford came biting into his own finger to keep silent.
He looked at Crawford quizzically as Crawford came down from the high, this was the first time Aya had actually seduced him, and that he had done it with his servants in the room was remarkable, but Aya was a lordling and probably thought nothing of them being there. He had been quiet not because he didn't want them to watch but because they needed the sleep. He rested along Crawford, sticky, sweaty and sated but with no intention to clean them just yet.
"What was this for?" Crawford whispered softly into his ear.
"I didn't want you to send me away." Aya answered, nuzzling at Crawford's neck.
"I'm not sending you away, I'm trusting you as my emissary. I'm asking you to stand in my place." He couldn't see Aya's expression the way that they lay together.
"I should go back to my own bed," Aya said and went to leave. "I'll just clean us up first."
"No," Crawford said firmly, "you will stay here tonight, and I want you to wear my stink, I want to wake up next to you and know you smell of my sex. So that when you leave for the Taira house the day after tomorrow you will think of this, that perhaps the smell will linger."
Aya raised his head and smiled at him. There was a look of mischief about him as Crawford reached up and tucked and eartail behind his ear, "then perhaps we should repeat this lesson," he grinned, "do you think the cage room will be occupied, master, if I fetch the balm you could the oil and we can do this without worry about waking them."
Crawford grinned back and wanted to kiss that grin but Aya shifted his head so it met his chin, his breath smelling of semen and the stink of sweat and sex all over him, and drops of cum shining in his pubic hair. He'd repeat this lesson, he'd repeat it until the boy couldn't walk.