Disclaimer: I do not own Yu-Gi-Oh or Dragonheart; they belong to their respective owners. I do, however, own parts of the plot and Kysen

Warning: Blood, character death.

Chapter Eighteen: To the Stars 

And as we watched the golden motes rise to the sky,
The draconian gods descended from on high. 

Atem jumped at the screech, turning to face the sound. He immediately recognized the nearly skeletal dragon as his uncle, shoving Yugi out of the way the next moment as he felt claws rip at his scales. Atem screamed in pain as he was pulled off the ground, his uncle much larger than him. He grunted and pulled away from Aknadin in midair, flinging his wings open to hover as he waited for his uncle to turn around. He bared his teeth as he felt the wounds that he had already gathered that night stretch under the action, feeling blood rolling down his scales. He shook his head, gathering his thoughts back together as his uncle turned back around. "What are you doing?"

"You let that human kill Akhnamkanon, your own father! Have you no shame!" Atem blinked, mouth partially open as he tried to think of an answer. His uncle had obviously seen their plan go through, but he knew nothing about it. Atem snapped his mouth shut, looking up at Aknadin with wide eyes as the dragon flew closer. "It should have been you!"

Atem flipped over, executing a roll as Aknadin followed him, looking over his shoulder to see his uncle snapping at his tail. Atem banked, trying to throw him off and find a place to talk to him. He twisted, heading for the ground and skimming along it. He landed for a moment, pushing off as soon as Aknadin followed him to the ground, twisting around as his uncle clumsily turned to look at him. "It's not what you think. We had to, or else he would have suffered!"

"Is that what your human told you?"

"You saw him." Atem snarled, glaring at his uncle as he mentally cursed him for not being able to understand. "You know that he wouldn't have survived. We came to save him and he asked for death. It was too much for him!"

"No." Atem felt his blood run cold as his uncle shook his head, pulling himself nearly vertical to stand up to his uncle's glare. Aknadin smirked at him, opening his own wings again. "You should have been able to save him. You have magic, you could have used it."

"It would have killed me!"

"That's what you were born for, Atem! It's what was always going to happen to you! It should have been you!" Aknadin launched himself into the air again, Atem quickly flapping to gain altitude.

His mind worked overtime as he twisted in the air, avoiding the claws of his uncle. Aknadin had gone crazy after staying wherever he had been all these years. And he hadn't been stable after the death of his family, clinging to his brother through it all. He couldn't just save all the dragons by carelessly throwing himself after a cause. He couldn't just give up on Yugi's second chance on life like that. There was nothing he could do.

"Listen!" Atem turned, grabbing a hold of Aknadin's neck and leaning in to glare at his uncle. "I would have saved him if I could, but I couldn't. He wouldn't have let me kill myself to save him."

"Then I'll just have to do the honor." Atem screamed in pain as Aknadin's claws dug into his stomach, ripping gashes into his scales. He hissed and pushed away, staring down at the bleeding wounds in horror. Yugi. His head snapped up, looking back at the castle. Yugi was hurt.

He took off for the castle, ducking under Aknadin to escape from his uncle. Unfortunately, Aknadin followed him, pouncing and pushing him down into the ground. Atem gasped as the air was pushed out from him, momentarily distracted from the claws in his back because of that. Abruptly, feeling was returned to him, making him cry out in pain. He turned his head as Aknadin leaned over, no sanity left in his eyes. "Since you are too cowardly to do the deed, I will do it instead."

Atem could do nothing but stare up as his uncle, mouth moving as he tried to form words. He was honestly scared by Aknadin's behavior, not sure how to handle it. His uncle was larger than him and stronger than him, even when he was so underfed. Aknadin had more experience fighting and he didn't have to worry about every injury transmitting to Yugi.

Gods. Yugi.

And Kysen.

"Don't worry, little one, I'll come back."

"Don't say that unless you're sure."

"I mean every word."

Atem groaned and rested his head against the ground, body trembling as he felt his uncle shift, the claws digging deeper into him.

Yugi would be in so much pain right now. And he wouldn't have any idea what was going on. He would just know that Atem was somewhere, getting hurt. And, being Yugi, he would rush out to see what was going on. Atem knew that, no matter how much Aknadin wanted to complete whatever insane ritual of killing him that the dragon had thought up, that he would not hesitate at the chance to hurt Yugi. Atem's eyes widened at the mental image of a broken Yugi begging him for help. He snarled and pushed his shoulders up, dislodging his uncle. He would not allow that to happen.

Atem scrambled free, turning to hiss at Aknadin as the other dragon stepped forward. He waited a moment before launching himself into the air, tipping his head to see Aknadin following. Without a second thought, he called up his fire, feeling it ready at the back of his throat. He flipped over, using the move to drop behind Aknadin and let out a stream of fire, rolling away as the dragon screamed in pain and turned to breathe his own measly stream of fire at Atem. The black and red dragon easily stayed out of the way, heading for a higher altitude. He could just wear Aknadin down and everything would be easier to explain to the exhausted dragon.

His eyes widened as he saw Aknadin shoot past him, tail lashing out to catch Atem in the jaw. The black and red dragon grunted, pulling up to look up at his uncle. He had a moment of confusion before fire covered him, making him writhe as he pulled out of the stream. Atem snarled and lunged for Aknadin's back, claws tearing in before he pushed away. His uncle snapped at him, following.

Panting for breath, Atem lead the way through a series of acrobatics, eerily similar to those conducted during the mating flights. But these brought them into contact every time, each pulling away with more lacerations than before. Atem snarled and tipped his head to the side, just missing having his eyes gouged out. Aknadin screamed as one of the horns at the back of Atem's head sliced through his hand at the move, giving Atem the time to retreat a bit.

Blood dripped off the both of them, brilliant and bright where it first emerged from the wound, dulling to black as it rolled away from the source. Aknadin had the worst of it, his flight already unsteady after a few moments of combat. Atem smiled, red eyes sparkling with hope. There was a chance that he could win this thing after all.

He lunged forward, hind claws digging into Aknadin's legs as his front claws tore at his uncle's throat. Atem had a heady moment of victory before he felt a claw tear horizontally across his chest, ending on the left side, lifting up one scale and marring the others. Atem tried to pull away, snarling as he realized that Aknadin had a good hold on him. He ducked his head and released his hind claws, ready to protect his throat and stomach. But the attack never came. Instead, Aknadin just stared at Atem's chest.

Atem glanced down after a moment of confusion, swallowing when he realized that that lifted scale revealed the scar that sat over his heart. He winced as Aknadin held him tighter, fighting the urge to writhe to get away from his uncle. Aknadin made an unintelligible sound of surprise, looking up at him while he reached one claw out to tap the exposed scar. "You did this."

He nodded, not knowing what else to do. Aknadin looked back down at the scar, trembling. Atem was about to make another break for it when Aknadin looked back up, anger in his eyes. "You father gave up half his heart to save you, and you gave your heart away to a human. Why would you do such a thing? This," Atem screamed as Aknadin pressed the claws of one hand around his heart, the tips digging into his skin, "belongs to the dragons alone, not some human.

"Now who…" Aknadin blinked before he shook his head. "No. You couldn't have. Would you dare give it to that assassin?"

"Atem!" He turned at the sound of his mate's voice, giving a sigh of relief as he saw Yugi standing on the battlements, leaning heavily on the stone with one hand resting over his heart. Atem turned back to his uncle as Aknadin gave a hum, not liking the sound at all. He didn't have long to contemplate the sound as Aknadin removed his claws from around Atem's heart and dug them into his shoulder. Atem heard Yugi scream in pain, but the sound was drowned out by Aknadin's growl.

"You did! How did he convince you of that, Atem? Did he offer you a way out of your title, because there is no way out!" Aknadin laughed, the sound making Atem tremble and begin to struggle again, the need to get out of there taking precedence over pain. His uncle shook him, his attention going back to the dragon that was keeping him still. "How many times have I told you that you belong to the dragons?"

He let go of Atem, the black and red dragon dropping for a few feet before he opened his wings, nearly sobbing as his wounds throbbed. He skimmed over the ground, stumbling through his landing as he turned to face his uncle. Everything hurt now, his vision swimming in and out as he tried to cope with it. He shifted as his wounded shoulder, the one that Gozaburo had hit earlier protested, lifting his foot from the ground and sighing when the pain disappeared. He looked up in time to see Aknadin plow into him.

The both of them went sliding along the ground, scales tearing off as they came into contact with the rough ground. Atem was the first to untangle himself, taking to the air immediately and taking advantage of the breathing room. He looked wearily over at Yugi, who was still hanging onto the battlements, purple eyes wide as he watched Atem. The dragon nodded in his direction, barely having time to dodge the next attack by Aknadin.

He turned to face his uncle, the action too slow as he tired. Aknadin snatched him up again, Atem slumping in his hold as he felt all his energy drain away. He was just too tired and too beaten down. His eyes closed for a moment, allowing himself a brief moment of surrender before he would go back to fighting. His eyes snapped back open as he felt Aknadin's claws tear through his wing membranes, head tossed back to scream his pain to the stars. The thin membranes were too easily shredded, rendering him unable to fly.

Atem snarled, turning his head before scrambling over his uncle. If he didn't move then Aknadin would have let him drop to the ground. And he was not going down that easily. He dug his claws into Aknadin, wincing as his uncle rose, twisting in the air as he tried to throw Atem off him. The black and red dragon kept an eye on the ground, smirking when they were high enough up.

He reached up to bite down on his uncle's neck, using that as a distraction as he shifted to get into a better position. The next moment, he tore through Aknadin's wing membranes, his smirk growing wider as his uncle screamed in pain. Quickly he attended to the other wing, rendering them to a similar state as his own. Then he pulled his torn wings to his sides and forced Aknadin to close his own. Gravity exerted its mastery over them a moment later, pulling them back towards the ground.

Atem shifted, clawing at his uncle as Aknadin tried to move. He snapped at his uncle's neck, using every trick he knew to keep Aknadin from flipping them over. He could survive this fall only if Aknadin took the brunt of it. He looked down at the ground, closing his eyes a moment later for impact. He felt Aknadin stop struggling a moment later, one thought ringing clear in his mind.

Sorry Yugi.

Aknadin screamed as they landed, their combined weights shoving the older dragon into the ground. Atem was thrown free on impact, all his weight landing on his left hind leg. He screamed as the bone snapped under the force, frantically clawing at the slope to slow his slide down the hill. Atem gritted his teeth against the pain as his muscles trembled, finally coming to a stop. He hadn't slid far, but it still gave Aknadin the upper hand. Atem groaned and pressed his head into the ground, unable to bring himself to care. Neither of them was in any condition to continue to fight after this anyway. He closed his eyes and allowed himself to collapse.

For the longest time, he just allowed himself to breathe. A couple of coughs escaping from him, even the expansion of his chest making his wounds ache. He pressed his forehead against the ground, his claws digging into the ground as he tried to ride out the pain. In a few moments he would feel well enough to summon his magic and use it to patch himself up. And then he would find a nice place to not move for a long time. Or maybe Marik and Kisara would be nice enough to help him back south. He hissed as he shifted, trying to take the weight off his broken leg. Atem groaned as he managed to flip himself over, sighing now that the pressure was gone. He lay there, panting for air until a familiar voice made him look up.

"Atem!" He blinked as he saw Yugi being nearly carried over, leaning heavily on Bakura as the thief grudging helped the prince along. Atem whimpered as he saw Yugi trip, the prince nearly falling to the ground, only Bakura's quick reflexes keeping him up. The human went limp in Bakura's grip for a moment, one arm around the thief's waist and his other hand holding onto Bakura's arm. And even still, Yugi was sliding to the ground. Ryou rushed up behind them, trying to help hold the prince up.

The dragon had enough of this, rocking slightly so he was on his stomach instead of his side. Atem looked back, carefully pulling his good leg up under him and stretching the broken hind leg out so that it wouldn't be used when getting up. He looked back at Yugi, noticing that his movement had caused the prince to look up. Atem gave a soft trill before rocking onto his feet, biting back a scream of pain as he limped forward. He saw Yugi waver, trying to hurry his hobbling. "Don't move, love. I'll come to you."

He fell back to the ground closer to Yugi, the prince stumbling over to him as soon as he was down, leaning against Atem's head for support. The dragon gave another soft trill as he felt Yugi's tears hitting his scales. "Hush, my heart. Everything is alright."

"It hurts." Yugi managed to get the words out through clenched teeth, shifting so the weight was off his left leg. "How can you stand it? It has to be worse for you!"

"Oh, Yugi." Atem was about to close his eyes when he saw movement from behind them. He had come closer to Aknadin while trying to get to Yugi and hadn't even noticed it. He saw Aknadin's head come up, eyes glazed over in pain. Atem saw hatred flicker through Aknadin's eyes and watched the dragon attempt to stand up, fear shooting through him when Aknadin managed the feat. He tensed, watching his uncle before suddenly springing forward, leaving Ryou to rush and catch Yugi before he fell.

The two dragons collided in the air, Atem shoving Aknadin back to the ground. They both fell back to the ground, another snap of bone breaking heard. Atem opened his eyes cautiously, surprised to see Aknadin's neck bent at an awkward angle from an impact with a rock. He sat up a bit, hissing in pain before sinking back to the ground, too tired to do anything else. He had just helped kill his father and uncle. Atem closed his eyes with a moan, wanting to stop feeling.

His eyes snapped back open at the sound of shuffling, tipping his head so that he could see Yugi being helped back over to him. Atem nodded his thanks to Ryou and Bakura before he caught Yugi again. The prince winced as he stretched up to rub the spot above Atem's eye, drawing his hand back as it hit an open wound. Atem tried to make a comforting sound, but failed. He settled for a smile instead, content to have Yugi close.

"Gods!" He opened one eye at Kisara's exclamation, the woman looking at the two bleeding dragons on the ground. Atem saw Seto pull her close, keeping her away from both of them as they came to stop. He gave a thankful nod to Seto, not wanting Kisara fussing over him right now. He just needed a few more minutes to himself before he tried to heal himself with magic.

Atem whined as Yugi slid to the ground, unable to support himself anymore. "Love?"

"I'll be fine…but, gods," Yugi looked up at him, one arm shaking as he reached up to touch Atem, "it must hurt worse for you."

This time, he managed a purr, leaning into Yugi's touch. His purr stuttered to a stop as he saw Mahad walking up. He still did not trust the man but, since he was important to Yugi, he could tolerate the knight. Mahad was probably just here to help Yugi. Atem was distracted from further thoughts about Mahad as Marik and Paladin circled to find a place to land, the smaller dragon squeaking at the sight of Aknadin's dead body. Looking at the other dragons, he didn't notice Mahad pulling Bakura aside and whispering to the thief, or the thief's reaction of surprise before he finally nodded.

The next thing that Atem was aware of was that Yugi was being pulled away from him. He weakly tried to reach out for his mate, eyes widening as Mahad walked around him. He tried to shrink away from the knight, but his body wouldn't allow much movement. A weak snarl escaped him as he saw Mahad stop by his chest, suddenly wishing that he had the energy to roll onto his stomach. "What are you doing?"

He shuddered as the knight reached out to touch him, running a hand parallel to the cut on his chest until it was resting over his heart. He watched as the knight turned his head one way and then the other before looking up at Atem. "Can you heal yourself?"

"In a while, yes." Atem snapped out the words. "Enough to get me somewhere where I can heal properly. I'd need more than one dragon to heal me magically at the moment."

"And Yugi?"

"He'll be fine." He was growling continuously now, the vibrations hurting his wounds. "As long as I am fine, he will be."

Mahad sighed, taking a step back and running a hand through his hair. "Is there a chance that you won't recover completely?"

When had the knight cared this much about him? Atem bared his teeth, but refrained from snapping out the answer that he knew Mahad wanted to hear. It was as good a time as any to face the facts for himself. There was a chance that he wouldn't have the free range of moment that he did before, or that he would always limp because his hind leg couldn't take that much pressure anymore. Atem sighed and shut his eyes. "There is a small chance that I might be a cripple for the rest of my life."

"I see." Atem trembled at the cold sound of his voice, eyes wide as he watched Mahad look down at his heart before glancing back at Yugi. Apparently, that was a signal of some sort because he heard Yugi yelp. He turned his head, wincing when his muscles protested. But it was enough to see Yugi. He snarled as he watched the thief keep a hold on the struggling Yugi. Atem stretched out his neck, trying to reach his mate, only to stop as Mahad lightly slapped him on the shoulder. "None of that, dragon."

"What are you doing?" He stared at the knight, snarling when Mahad reached for him again. "Let him go. Now!"

"I can't. He'll hurt himself." The knight's calm tone of voice made him pause, staring at Mahad with wide eyes. Atem glanced up at Yugi, whimpering as he noticed that the prince had stopped struggling, keeping his weight off of his left leg. A tap on his chest, just above his wounds made him look back down at the knight. Mahad gave a smile. "There we go."

Atem jumped at the sound of a sword being pulled out of its scabbard, breathing coming faster as he watched the steel being pulled free. He whimpered at the sight of blood, trying to wiggle away, but not able to. He heard Yugi scream out something, his heart pounding too loud to hear what he said. "No…please…"

"Don't beg, dragon. It won't do anything." Mahad stepped closer, whispering so Yugi couldn't hear him. "I can't take the chance that our king will be a cripple. The people already don't like him as much as his son."

"But…if you do this, then Yugi will die too."

"There are others who can lend him their hearts."

"It doesn't work that way!" Atem looked up at Yugi trying to summon his magic to protect them. He didn't want to leave Yugi.

"Listen, dragon." The knight hissed the two words out, sounding more like himself. Reluctantly, Atem looked down at him. Mahad looked up at Yugi before the detached look left his eyes. "I would rather have Yugi hate me for all eternity than watch him struggle through life in pain until the end of his days. He's been through enough already."

"Please…"

"No begging, dragon. We both know you're not like that."

"But you're a knight of the old code. 'His might upholds the weak.'"

"Don't quote that to me." Atem winced as the knight snapped at him, trembling at the touch of steel against him. "I know the old code, but it is a human code alone, dragon, made for humans; never animals."

"Mahad…" Atem tried to get any words past his throat. He had seen this coming, he had felt like he was trying to dodge fate, and here it was coming to get him. It was never going to be a dragon that had killed him, but a human, trying desperately to get his world back together. And the dragons…how would they take it? He gave another whimper as he finally realized the truth about the Morningstar. Their deaths were interpreted however the dragons wanted and, in the end, it was just a meaningless death.

And he would still never see Yugi and Kysen again.

"Mahad…just let me live."

"No." Atem gaped at him, watching in frozen shock as Mahad moved, the point of his sword pressing against the scar once before Mahad backed up.

"No! Mahad don't you dare touch him!" He could hear Yugi struggling behind him, unable to look at his mate.

"You know this won't free him." Atem snarled the words out.

Mahad gave a shrug before bracing himself. "There's always hope."

And then he lunged forward.

And then the sky exploded.

Yugi slumped against Bakura, eyes flickering up towards the sky as a bright light descended from the stars. He squinted against the glare, his breath catching as two dragons appeared from the ball of light, both of them descending on the hill.

The first was a red dragon, its body long like a snake with an elaborate configuration of horns on the back of its head, and what looked like a blue jewel nestled just above where the crown of horns started. Spikes ran down its sinuous body and ended in a flicking tail. It's wings rested just above two small front legs, the back legs equally small, looking like they were just made for resting on. This dragon twisted and turned in the sky for a moment before easing its red body towards the ground, it's lower mouth opening as it finally touched the ground. Yugi shivered under the gaze of its solid yellow eyes, looking away and finding that he was looking at another dragon.

This one was gold and almost looked like it was made completely of metal, this one built more like Atem than the first dragon. The gold dragon had scales that surrounded its hawk-like head that resembled a headdress and even more decorative scales above its shoulder, elbows and on the outside of its knees. The outstretched wings had metal feathers, resembling bird wings more than dragon wings. The dragon glanced up at him, solid red eyes narrowing as it folded its wings shut against its sides. Yugi jumped, unable to tear his gaze away from those eyes as the dragon crouched on the ground.

As he followed the gold dragon, he found himself staring at Atem. He gasped and pulled himself free from Bakura, the thief too absorbed in the appearance of the newest dragons to bother about him. Yugi hobbled over to Atem, collapsing when he reached his lover's head. He nearly sobbed in relief when he saw that Atem was still breathing, although it had sped up as he stared up at the golden dragon who was crouched above him. Worried for his lover, Yugi ran his hands over Atem's head as he looked back at the other dragons, hoping that he could get their help in calming Atem down.

Marik, Kisara and Paladin were as low to the ground as they could get, although Kisara had given a deep curtsy to the two dragons before Seto had pulled her back to his side. Yugi looked at the two dragons who had become his friends, wondering what was going on. He licked his lips before standing up, using Atem to brace himself. He winced at the pain in his left leg, looking over Atem to see Mahad splayed out on the ground with a look of fear on his face, his sword forgotten by his side. Yugi sighed in relief, leaning against Atem and stroking his head. "It's alright now. Calm down."

The golden dragon leaned over to snap at Yugi, stopping when Atem weakly moved his head, baring his teeth briefly before his eyes slid closed. Yugi immediately began looking Atem over, assuring himself that his lover was alright. He ignored the stare of the golden dragon as he limped towards Atem's back, intent on checking out the damage.

Yugi came to a sudden halt as the golden dragon leaned over, its claws blocking his path. He blinked, surprised when the dragon ushered him back to Atem's head. Its red eyes were suddenly less frightening and more pity filled as the dragon looked at him. The golden dragon rocked back on its haunches, nodding at its red partner. The two exchanged long looks, no words spoken, but there was obviously still communication going on.

The prince saw the red dragon tense before it finally nodded, although it didn't look quite as happy with whatever agreement they had just come up with. Yugi didn't care, as long as his lover would be alright. He gently stroked Atem's head, trying not to tense under the curious stare of the two dragons. "You'll be fine. I promise. See, you didn't have to leave me."

There was a minute shake of his head, the most movement that Atem could accomplish at the moment. Yugi sighed, leaning his forehead against Atem before kissing the dragon. There was a faint rumble that might have been a purr. Yugi smiled, just pressing as much as his aching body against Atem's warmth as he could. They enjoyed a moment of quiet together before something made the hairs on the back of Yugi's neck stand up.

He sat up, eyes widening as he watched Aknadin's body dissolve into golden motes of light. He spun around to face the castle, similar golden sparks rising from within the walls and drifting down the hill towards them. Yugi pressed close to Atem again, trying to protect the dragon from the golden motes as they surrounding him. He flinched away from them, surprised when Atem tried to lift his head to touch them. The motes hesitated before dropping down to touch him. The faint vibration came as Atem tried to purr again, eyes falling shut as the golden dust drifted along his body.

Then, they drew away, the particles that had been Aknadin and Akhnamkanon mixed together so it was impossible to tell which was which anymore. They drifted into a cloud above Atem, still reluctant to leave their relative. It wasn't until the red dragon nudged them that they began to move, slowly moving up into the sky. The red dragon pushed off the ground, circling himself around the cloud of gold and pushing his muzzle into the middle for a moment before unwinding himself and nudging them upwards.

Yugi leaned backwards, watching the dragon guide the two souls to the sky, smiling when the recognized their destination as the dragon constellation. He was glad that the both of the dragons had gotten their place in heaven, both of them having gone through much. Yugi stroked Atem's head, looking down to see him following the progress of his father and uncle. The prince leaned down to kiss Atem, sighing at the feel of Atem by him. He wasn't going to lose Atem. Everything would be fine.

He started when the golden dragon gently nudged him out of the way, jumping at the burning heat that came from the dragon. It blinked in apology before reaching down and picking up Atem, slowly opening its wings as it lifted the black and red dragon. Yugi sat down on the ground, limbs not strong enough to hold him as he watched the gold dragon. He chewed on his bottom lip as he stared at Atem, hating that his dragon wasn't moving much, just hanging limp in the other dragon's hold. It reminded him too much of their first day in the south, when he had no idea what was going on.

The prince started out of his thoughts as he saw the golden dragon bend its knees, getting ready to fly. But that meant that it would be returning…and it was still holding Atem. Which meant that it was taking Atem back with it. Yugi slapped a hand over his mouth, eyes going wide as the dragon looked back down at him, tipping its head to the side at the human's strange behavior before glancing up at the stars and pushing off the ground.

Yugi tried to dart forward, landing hard on his stomach with a cry of pain. He felt Mahad's hand on his shoulder, but ignored the knight as he stared up at the dragon that was taking Atem away. Frantic, he turned to Marik, their eyes meeting. "Please, don't let them take him."

"Yugi…" Marik finally shrugged, looking down at his claws. "There's nothing I can do. The gods have made their choice."

"No! I promised him…" Yugi tried to stand up, ruthlessly shaking Mahad's offer of support off as he stared up at the sky. The conviction in his voice died to a mere whisper as he realized how far away the golden dragon was now, drawing the light back around itself and Atem. Yugi wrapped one arm around his stomach, feeling it roll, and placed one hand on his heart, wanting to make sure that he was still alive, because this all felt like a horrible dream. He swayed in place, ready to fall to the ground again at any moment, but only staying up through sheer force of will. "I promised him that he wouldn't lose us."

His mouth suddenly felt dry as he realized what was happening. How would he tell Kysen? The infant would look for Atem, knowing that the dragon should be there. How was he to get Kysen to sleep without the comforting warmth of the dragon? How was he supposed to sleep without Atem there? Yugi whimpered, holding himself tighter as he puzzled these things over. What would happen now?

If Atem was really being taken by the gods to the dragon heaven, then that would mean that his heart would be stopping, which would kill Yugi too. And he would let it happen, he wouldn't accept another heart from another dragon because, deep down, he knew that it wouldn't work. It was a one time thing, and his second chance had just disappeared.

He sunk to his knees, his whole body quaking as he realized the enormity of the situation. What would happen to Kysen now? Would the infant be forced into the world of politics, crowned king with a regent and never learn of life outside the castle? Would he even be told about his father and the dragon, or would Yugi just appear in time to help the rebellion and then quietly die a noble death? Yugi turned his head to look at Kisara, watching her nod slowly. They had an understanding. Yugi could trust Kisara to look after his son once all of this was over.

"Yugi?" He stiffened at the sound of Mahad's voice, turning his head back to face front. He didn't move as Mahad knelt down beside him, trying to see his face. "My king?"

Yugi wanted to say something, say anything to the knight who had worked so hard to end his happiness. But Mahad had also been there through it all. He understood why Mahad had done all of this, and that just made it worse. He could see both sides of this so he couldn't just blindly place blame as he wanted to. His personality would not allow it. He would have to see this thing from both sides. He closed his eyes, feeling the last of his tears fall. He was done crying now, there was just nothing left. He sighed and slumped. "Help them clean up, Mahad."

I hate you.

He wanted to say that. He wanted to scream it out and turn on Mahad, wanting to know why the knight had conspired to take the one thing that meant most away from him. Why he couldn't accept the way this had turned out? Why didn't the knight get that the world had changed and that you had to change with it? But Mahad would go on in his way, teaching the old code to the next generation while they all strayed far from it. He had grown away from Mahad somewhere along the line, finding that he could understand the knight, but never follow him with the blind devotion of before. Mahad had changed or Yugi had grown up or a bit of both.

He winced as Mahad patted his shoulder and stood up, shooing the rest of them back to the castle, probably for a celebration. One that he wouldn't have joined even if he could. He had planned to spend the night with Kysen away, or at least for a bit of it, and comfort Atem any way he could. They could celebrate later when the death was not so fresh. And then they would have gone back south to spread the news. Yugi winced. His grandfather would never know what happened to him, the one family member that he had left would never know.

He tipped his head to look back at the stars, easily finding the dragon constellation. A smile crossed his face, all too easily seeing Atem up there now. It would never look like all of those dragons he had sketched in his small attempt to have them remembered again. It would always look like the dragon that had been taken away from him too soon. He rested a hand over his heart, his smile turning sad. "I love you, Atem. You and only you."

His eyes went wide, hand falling from his heart as he watched the stars. The stars in the dragon constellation were beginning to pull inwards, surrounding two new stars in a greeting ceremony. They circled around each other, circling until they were in a close group. For a moment, all of the stars seemed to glow more brightly, even expanding before they all exploded outwards into little golden pieces. Yugi gasped, lifting one arm to cover his face at the bright light. He froze at the roar that echoed through the sky.

His arm dropped back to his side, mouth dropping open as the shape of a dragon, outlined in the gold from the stars, appeared in the sky. The outlined dragon stretched its wings out, looking like it was about to take flight, head tipping back to give another roar. Yugi's eyes widened as the golden light began to drift behind the dragon, bringing out the red on the outer edges of its wings. He then realized how close the dragon was.

Heart beating fast, Yugi scrambled to his feet, not aware that he felt no pain when doing so. The dragon folded its wings, plummeting close to the ground before snapping open its wings and skimming up to the hill toward Yugi. The prince let out a laugh as the dragon flew past him, the wind from its passage nearly knocking him over. He steadied himself, about to turn around when wings blocked his view of the hill, the barrier making him back up into the familiar head and feel of it pressing against his back.

Yugi spun around, pulling Atem close to him and reaching up for the spot above his eye, glad when there was no blood there. Atem purred, the real sound and not the faint vibration of before, and pressed even closer to Yugi. "My heart…love…" Atem let out a groan as Yugi leaned against him, kissing the warm scales. "Yugi."

The prince gave another weak laugh, cuddling Atem close. He quickly brought one hand down, the other finding that spot beneath Atem's jaw that made the dragon squirm. Yugi gasped as Atem moaned, the vibrations from the sound going right through him. He returned the sound, leaning against his lover as he panted for breath. "I thought…"

Atem shushed him, pulling his head back so he could look Yugi in the eyes. "So did I. But I'm here, I'm whole, and that's all that matters."

The wings were withdrawn and folded back against Atem's sides as the dragon knelt. Yugi gleefully scrambled up onto the dragon's back, clinging to Atem as he stood back up. Both of them looked back to the castle at the loud cheer that came from the courtyard. Atem looked at Yugi, tilting his head to the side. The prince shook his head, running his hands over Atem's scales, unable to get enough of the feel of his dragon. "It's not for us. Besides, we have one person waiting for us."

Atem smiled, opening his wings and giving a powerful downbeat to launch them into the air. He didn't rise into the sky, but instead skimmed over the ground, just rising high enough to not run into trees. Yugi laughed and sat up straight, sucking in deep breaths of the night air as they flew. A rumble from Atem warned him to lean close to him as they dove into the trees. Yugi carefully opened his eyes when the slap of branches against his back was gone. He stroked Atem's neck one more time before sliding off the dragon.

He bounced slightly upon landing, running ahead and enjoying the feeling of having his left leg working properly again. He heard Atem laugh as he followed him at a more sedate pace. Yugi gave a little skip step as he turned around, motioning for Atem to hurry and only getting the dragon to walk faster. He rolled his eyes at the dragon before nearly running back to the place where he had left Kysen.

Yugi came to an abrupt stop as he saw a burned man kneeling by where Kysen and Mokuba were. He looked up, seeming surprised before he recovered. He pushed away from the two infants, smiling at Yugi and Atem. "I can see why she loved you and I'm glad she found you before she died."

The prince blushed and looked away, staring at his son before looking up at the burned man. The man smirked and touched the marks on his neck, shaking his head. "I got these protecting her…and him too." He sighed, flicking his hair out of his eyes. "But, I have to ask, what happens now. Her plan was to have him-"

"Kysen," Atem interrupted.

"Yes, Kysen." The man smiled at the name. "Well, Tèa wanted him to be king, like his father was supposed to be because he would understand us. But now that you're here…"

"No. I can't. And I plan to raise him."

The man nodded, the smile not disappearing from his face. "I bet he would be happier away from all of that royal mess. I know it was hell when I dealt with it and that was only the edge. Besides," the burned man paused, "I wouldn't want Mahad teaching him how to survive in the world."

Yugi stepped forward to collect Kysen, staying kneeling when Atem walked up to the man, lowering his head to look at the man. "Do you want those marks to be healed?"

"They can be annoying sometimes," the man seemed to think it over before waving his hand, "go ahead. But just leave something somewhere."

"Like old scars." Atem smiled before the black tendrils of magic jumped from the ground, wrapping around the man and gently brushing over the burn marks, fading them until Atem called the magic back. The man rubbed his hands over the scars, a smile on his face.

"I wish you luck, Yugi." He stared at the prince, tapping his arm with a smile on his face. "Or should I call you the name that the poet fashioned for you?"

Yugi and Atem winced, the prince looking over his shoulder at the man. "And what is that?"

"Yugi Dragonheart." The man gave them a wave farewell before walking off, leaving Yugi sputtering as Atem dangled his head over Yugi, peering down at Kysen. They stayed like this until a shout brought Yugi out of his slightly shocked state. He turned, rocking Kysen as he started to complain. It was Atem who greeted the two coming through the woods.

"Kisara and…mate."

"You…you…" Kisara finally rolled her eyes and rushed forward to hug her friend, tears of joy running down her face. "You impossible dragon."

Atem smirked before looking Seto up and down, finally snorting. "He'll do…I guess."

Seto folded his arms, giving the dragon a long glare before leaning back over to Yugi. "So, why do you keep the dragon around Yugi? Not that I'd trust him with your lives anymore."

Yugi waved off his cousin with one hand, beginning to pace, the motion sending Kysen to sleep. The prince smirked as he saw Seto attempting to discretely look at his son, one eyebrow rising as he saw the likeness between Yugi and the infant. Yugi smiled at his cousin. "Yes, he's mine. And the dragon is my…mate."

He never thought he would never get his cousin to display complete surprise, but he managed with that one. Seto's mouth hung open, closing every once and a while as he tried to form words. Yugi shook his head, walking back over to Kisara and smiling down at the infant that she held in her arms. Ignoring his cousin for the moment, he waited for Kisara to finish checking over her son before talking to her. "I'm abdicating from the throne, and I'm taking Kysen away from this. If he wants to come back one day, then he can, but I don't want to. This world…it's changed and I can't look at it the same way anymore. And, the people never really wanted me in the first place. They've only changed because I was the only one that could help them."

Kisara nodded understandingly, walking over to stand by Seto. "It's alright Yugi. You just enjoy yourself." She paused, taking Seto's hand before handing Mokuba to his father. Yugi smiled to himself as he watched Seto's mask slip a bit as he held his son. "Just come back for the coronation and possibly the wedding, if they demand it."

"You!" Yugi held out a hand to keep Atem from lunging forward. The dragon snarled before finally backing down, shooting angry glares at Seto.

"We'll make it. See you Seto." He motioned for Atem to get down, easily climbing onto the dragon's back and leaning forward to protect Kysen from the branches as they took off. He gave a quick wave to the two below before clinging to Atem as the dragon rose back into the sky. Atem immediately turned toward the south, wings beating steadily.

There was a comfortable silence that stretched between them as they flew towards the south, neither of them in any hurry to return. Yugi smiled down at Kysen, sleeping soundly, before tucking the infant's blanket tighter around him. He caught Atem looking over his shoulder before searching the sky ahead of him. The prince gave a sigh, tipping his head back and enjoying the wind over his face.

One more chapter left.

Read and review please. Criticism is welcome.