Title: Keep it in the Family
Rating: NC17
Pairing(s): Spike/Xander/Angel
Chapter : 12/18
Previous Chapters : Starts here and follow links at bottom.
scot25 prompt : Punches
Warning(s): vamp!Xander
Beta(s): Not beta'd but proofread
Disclaimer: Have spent so much time with them lately, I think they should belong to me but apparently Joss thinks differently *sniff* 
Summary: What happens when Spike gets a little brother?

“You fuckin' bastard!” The words flew from Spike's mouth as he dived at Riley, knocking the man back into a shelf and choking him. “What the hell have ya done to him?” Banging Riley's head against the wall, he punched the man several times, taking absolutely no notice of the furore around him.
“What the hell – SPIKE!”

“Spike, get off him!”

A blur of movement and only Angel's vampire speed stopped the stake that Buffy was about to thrust into Spike's back.

“What the - !! Angel, let me go – his chip's stopped working!”

“I know”.

“You - “ Frozen in his grasp, Buffy looked at Angel, aghast at this new betrayal.

“SEPARO!” Giles' voice broke into the noise, as he walked through the door and with a single hand gesture separated Spike and Riley forcibly. “Enough!!! Now get back, all of you – we are going to sort this thing out calmly”. Snarling in game-face, Spike allowed Angel to push him towards the research table, crowding him backwards until he was as far away from the others as he could get but with a clear exit to the training room. He didn't want them trapped here if things went badly.

Staggering to his feet with Buffy's help, Riley wiped at the blood dripping sluggishly from the back of his head. He sat down, wincing at the continuing glare from Spike. And he was afraid. He had grudgingly accepted Hostile 17 being around, had not been 'kind' towards it, but now that it was no longer chipped he was remembering all of the insults and put-downs of the last few months. But bigger than that was the fact that to Hos – SPIKE, he was the face of the Initiative and Riley was very afraid that vengeance was on the vampire's mind.

“Now would someone like to tell me what the hell is going on? And Willow, I would prefer it if you didn't throw that drink away – I would like to examine the contents if you don't mind”.

“What?! Giles, I don't understand – why would you - “ Muttering under her breath, she uttered the incantation to the geas.

“Forget it Willow, that no longer works. But believe me, once this latest catastrophe has been dealt with, you are very much next on my list”.

“Giles, what do you mean? Willow, what is Giles going on about?” Standing behind Riley and checking the wound on his head, Buffy looked at Willow in confusion. None of this was making any sense and why did Giles want to examine the drink that Willow had made for her?

“Giles is referring to Willow's predeliction for casting spells on people without their permission. Frankly, I don't give a shit – we just want Xander back and Captain Cardboard over there is going to sort it for us, aren't ya mate?” Spike's voice was heavily sarcastic but the sarcasm did little hide his concern. Lighting a cigarette, he leaned against the counter.

“Riley, what is he talking about?” Stepping back from her boyfriend, Buffy turned and looked at Spike and Angel, and finally Giles. “Giles, I don't understand what's going on here”.

“Willow cast a large number of spells on Xander without his knowledge or permission. And Xander has gone missing and we have good reason to believe the Initiative have taken him”. Angel tried to remain calm, fully aware that Spike was on the verge of violence. It was difficult – there was a large part of him that wanted to commit some pretty hefty violence himself if it meant he got his Childe back sooner.

“But why would the Initiative be interested in Xander? Unless it's about the Hyena possession but why would they be interested in that – that was over years ago. And who would have – no, Riley, please, tell me you didn't tell Professor Walsh about Xander being possessed by the hyena?”

“No, of course I didn't. And I have no idea what these two hostiles are talking about. The unit wouldn't have taken Xander – they don't make mistakes like that”.

“What unit?”

“Are ya fuckin' listening at all Slayer? Your toy soldiers have taken the boy and we want him back. Is that simple enough for ya?”

“Riley – what unit? This isn't making any sense at all”.

“Look, Buffy, things have been difficult with Maggie for some time. She was extremely distressed by the situation with Hostile 17 and the fact that you refused to return him. I – we – look, we thought it might calm things down if we brought her someone else, someone unique”.

“And you thought Xander was a suitable alternative?”

“Oh my fucking God!! They weren't there for the boy – Peaches, they took him thinking it was you!”

Willow stalked over to Spike and shrieked at him: “Why would they think Xander was Angel? What was Xander doing with Angel?”

“Get out of my face before I make you – no chip protecting you now you stupid bitch! All of this shit can wait – we've got to get him and your man Finn is going to help us”.

“I don't understand. My unit called in – CityOp successfully captured a Hostile, a vampire – they've put him in the cells. We're taking Maggie to see it later – we – look, this makes no sense at all”.

“You sent the Initiative after Angel?! Riley, what the hell – I don't understand what is wrong with you. What the hell made you think it would be alright to send soldiers after Angel?”

“Buffy, FOCUS!!! Why would Riley's unit have taken Xander thinking he was Angel? It makes no sense”.

“It makes perfect sense. Xander is a vampire”.

Once the inevitable Slayer reaction to everything had been dealt with, things calmed down slightly. Buffy was on the floor where Angel had thrown her after she tried to stake Spike for killing Xander. Willow was frozen to the spot, initially horrified to think that Xander had been turned. In the back of her mind, she was trying to think if the re-soulling spell would work on him.
Despite Spike's insistence that they go and get Xander out NOW, the six of them were finally sat around the research table. Angel had explained the circumstances behind Xander's turning, and also that he had arranged for Spike's chip to be deactivated. In a furious whispered conversation, Riley tried to explain to Buffy why he had wanted to get Angel for Professor Walsh – firstly for experimental purposes as the only souled vampire in existence, and secondly because he was jealous and fed up of Buffy always comparing him to Angel.

“I'm sorry Riley, I really am but you shouldn't have done this. It's wrong on so many different levels that I can barely explain it to you”.

“We have to get him out of there – we can't let her experiment on him. I can re-soul him, he can come home – nothing needs to change”. Wringing her hands, Willow was almost speaking to herself.

“You will keep the fuck away from him - “ Spike growled at her at the same time as Angel said “I think you've done more than enough to Xander”.

It was Giles' voice that overrode everyone else's. “The last person who should be trusted with magic is you Willow”.

“What do you mean Giles?” Utterly confused, Buffy turned away from Riley, deliberately moving so that she couldn't even see him. Once more, Willow tried to do the geas incantation, and Giles winced before replying.

“I mean that Willow has been using magic against me, against Xander and I think probably you for a good number of years, all without appropriate supervision or permission, and it needs to stop. And there really is no point in trying that spell again Willow – I have had protection shields cast and you won't be able to make me forget or ignore things ever again”.

“It's not what you think – I was doing it to keep us strong and together”.

“Enough Willow. We will deal with you later. We only have to the rest of the night to rescue Xander and he is the priority now”. 

He knew the blood was drugged but he had to hope that all of the Sire's blood he had drank, and the bags just before being taken were enough to counteract any effects. For the longest time he'd been in a very dark place – convinced that he would die here in this cold, surgical environment. But slowly, so slowly that he barely realised it was happening, a sense of well-being overtook him. He felt stronger, more capable. And he realised what it was. He could feel his Sire was closer, that Angel (and that meant Spike) had come for him. Regardless of the locked doors, he was determined that when his Sire and his lover came for him, he would not be cowering in a corner. It was time these Initiative clowns realised that you didn't mess with the House of Aurelius.