“Leave me the fuck alone, Riddle," Harry bellowed, his voice shattering the silence and bouncing off the walls of the otherwise deserted corridor.

Tom shook his head, clearly amused. "I don't recall bothering you, Potter," he pointed out calmly. "You were completely unaware of your surroundings, had your head in the clouds as usual, so you almost bumped into me. I, on the other hand, was watching where I was going, so unless you object to my mere presence, nothing happened that justifies you getting so agitated." He raised an eyebrow and added with a sneer, "Are you quite sure that your special… therapy is working?"

"I am not AGITATED!" Harry shouted, fooling absolutely no one, but rather attracting the attention of Professor Snape who was busy in a nearby storage room. Aggravated by the unwelcome interruption, which had broken his concentration and turned an already foul mood even more sour, the man rose from his chair and swept out into the corridor. "Mister Potter," he announced. “Detention. Now!"

A satisfied smirk spread across Tom's face, only to immediately vanish again as Professor Snape added, "And Mister Riddle will be accompanying you. There are certain items I urgently need from the forest. Our stock is running very low."

"But…" Tom and Harry protested in unison.

"Just a moment," the man told them flatly, and retrieved a self-inking quill and a piece of parchment from his robe pockets. "I shall write you a list."

Harry gulped. He didn't really mind the forest, not even at this hour when dusk was setting in. After all, he used to go there quite often at any time of the day or night, to think or to escape from life in general.

The prospect of being out there with Tom Riddle, however, was another matter entirely. Harry wasn't exactly scared of this younger version of Voldemort—not really, not a lot—but the boy did make him very uncomfortable. Not to mention that this whole situation was rather uncanny. Who knew what Riddle would do if he had Harry alone, out of everyone else's sight, far away from potential witnesses? Harry resolved to be at his most vigilant for the remainder of the night.

Tom, for his part, crossed his arms and frowned. For one thing, he was sure that Draco would be worried, wondering where he was, and aside from that, Harry Potter was clearly a loose cannon. Who could foresee the kind of things he'd try in the deep depths of a dark forest? Not that the boy would succeed, obviously, of that Tom was quite certain, but still… He didn't think it could hurt to be prepared.

As Snape continued to write, Harry and Tom threw one another venomous glares, and Tom had to wonder: didn't the tall, gangly man in front of them realise that these two students could easily end up killing each other, or was he half-hoping they might?

Harry let out a deep sigh. “We’ll never find everything we’re bloody looking for,” he lamented loudly, “and it’s getting darker by the minute.”

Tom rolled his eyes. “Well, things might go a little easier if you stopped stomping around like a Hippogriff in heat,” he snapped. “And please, do keep up the hostile, loud attitude. We’ll be surrounded by all kinds of creatures in no time, all of the clawed, fanged and infuriated variety if we’re lucky.”

“I'll show you hostility, Riddle,” Harry hissed.

Tom shook his head. Damn you, Severus Snape. This detention was a bad idea, on so many levels. Not only was their current situation on the verge of becoming explosive, it was also obvious that they were no longer alone.

Tom had already spotted them: the hoof prints on the ground, those yellow eyes spying on them from in between the branches.

Powerful wizard or not, he was still human—mortal. There were things in this place he didn’t particularly fancy messing around with.

He took a deep breath and rather than enrage Potter even further, he decided to try another tactic instead. “You know,” he said reasonably, in the most neutral tone of voice he could manage, “regardless of what my counterpart from this time did, you have no rational cause to distrust, much less begrudge me, Potter. After all, I didn't kill your parents.” He gave his companion a pointed look and added, “Nor do I plan to.”

"Oh?” Harry smirked. “Got some better target in mind this time around? Let me guess… you’re going straight for Dumbledore?"

"No,” Tom answered simply. “As it happens, I’m planning on moving into Malfoy Manor this summer, when Daco leaves school.”

"What?!” Harry stammered, clearly taken aback. “But you… you can't do that... you have to return to your own time… You will get back… McGonagall said…"

Tom chuckled. “Of course. Minerva dearest has spoken.”

Harry shook his head slowly, as if a terrible truth were suddenly dawning on him. "This is one of your tricks, isn't it? “ he finally said. “You and Malfoy. You’re up to something. You’re in on this together.”

"In on this together?” Tom snapped, momentarily forgetting all about the Dark Creatures whose attention he really oughtn’t attract. “You’re really blind as a bat, aren't you, Potter?"

Harry huffed. “Do me a favour, Riddle. When we raided your mansion, or what was still left of it, we finally found Malfoy, after months of fruitless searching for the git. He had his own private room there with all the luxury his little heart desired.” Harry took a deep breath, steeling himself, and continued, “While down in the dungeons, other people—good people—rotted away in their own filth, he slept in silk sheets. Malfoy… Just in case you didn’t know this yet, Riddle, your precious little boyfriend was being kept by Voldemort like some kind of upper class rent boy, and that’s probably what he was to him, too. Malfoy was Voldemort’s personal whore.”

Tom’s eyes narrowed dangerously. "Don't you dare speak about Draco like that!" he snarled.

Harry let out a hollow laugh. "I expect the truth hurts, doesn’t it?"

Tom shook his head. "You wouldn't know the truth, Potter,” he said bitterly, “if it came running through those bushes right now and bit your head off.”

“Oh?” Harry crossed his arms defensively. "And what the hell is that supposed to mean? I can understand your wanting to defend the git, but please… All the evidence…”

“Draco Malfoy,” Tom cut him off sharply, his need to defend his boyfriend’s character suddenly much greater than his wish for discretion—and besides, he vowed to himself, if Potter ever told anyone else about this, it would be the last thing the stupid sod ever did. “Draco Malfoy,” he said again, slowly, enunciating every syllable, ‘’never willingly submitted to … that man. NEVER.”

“But... but,” Harry spluttered, “when we found him… in that room…”

“Yes, you found him in that room,” Tom shot back. “Well done. Good for you. And then you drew your conclusions, which were based a lot more on prejudice and hatred towards Draco than on any actual evidence that might or might not have been there. Now please, for the love of all things magical, don’t make me draw you a picture of what really happened in that bedroom, Potter, of why Draco was being ‘kept’, as you so charmingly put it, in the way he was.”

"But..." Harry’s eyes grew impossibly wide while all the colour drained from his face. “But…”

Tom gave the most malicious sneer Harry had ever seen. "Catching on at last, are we, Potter?”

"So Hermione was right,” Harry muttered, mostly to himself.

"Well,” Tom pointed out, “the girl is smarter than you, which, granted, isn't much of an accomplishment, but nonetheless…"

"She said… that… maybe Malfoy didn't want to tell anyone… what had happened because... he was deeply ashamed and… Oh God, I-I think I'm going to be sick..."

"No, Potter, you’re not," Tom said firmly. "You're standing next to the last item on our list. Vomit anywhere near it, and I promise you here and now, you’ll be ingesting your next meal through a straw."

Harry gulped.

"Sit down,” Tom continued in a business-like fashion. “Put your head between your knees and take deep breaths. Some hero you are, incidentally. You don’t even know how to deal with panic… and please… don't look at me like that... I do read.”

Flinching, Harry sat down and did as he was told, until his head felt a little clearer, although the same thing definitely couldn’t be said for his conscience. Assuming Riddle was right, and it certainly looked that way, Harry had made a terrible, unforgivable mistake when it came to Draco Malfoy. The boy had been just another innocent victim in that war and Harry had treated him as though… He swallowed hard and promised himself that somehow, he’d put this right again.

When Tom had gathered the right amount of the final herb Snape needed, he went to stand in front of Harry. He held out his hand and said, "If you're quite ready, Potter?"

Harry frowned, but then he remembered something the healer had told him the other day. That he should let go and move on, treat every day as if it were his first.

It had sounded terribly cheesy at the time, and it still was when he really thought about it, but he also realised, now more than ever, that she'd had a point, and besides, technically, this Riddle wasn't Voldemort yet. Maybe he never even intended to be. Perhaps there truly was a different future out there somewhere.

Finally, Harry nodded, took the offered hand and allowed Tom to help him to his feet.

They returned to the castle in silence.

"I’ll take this to Snape's office,” Tom said when they reached the stairs leading to the Slytherin section.

“Do I need to come with you?” Harry asked.

“No,” Tom said flatly. “I believe your name is at the top of the list of people to never trust with the Slytherin password.”

“Oh,” Harry said dumbly, and for a few minutes, he remained where he was, shuffling his feet, looking like he was waiting for someone.

“Did you want anything else?” Tom asked, slightly puzzled.

"Dra- Malfoy,” Harry began carefully. “Is he… all right?"

"Yes. He’s doing quite well these days.”

"Is there um… anything I can do to help?”

Tom shook his head. "Moving though your concern is, Potter, he has me. I’ll take care of him."

“Yes,” Harry said quickly. “Yes, of course.” With that, he turned on his heel and hurried back to his own Common Room.

Tom smirked at the Gryffindor’s retreating form, wondering if Potter could possibly be any more obvious.

Harry once again felt his gaze drawn to the other side of the room. Malfoy and Riddle were talking quietly and now and again, Malfoy would snag a slice of bacon from the other boy’s plate, a gesture that seemed very unusual for such a stuck-up pureblood.

“Harry.” Hermione gave her friend a discreet nudge. “Harry!”

“Huh? Sorry,” he said sheepishly.

She nodded slowly and then suggested in a whisper, “Look, maybe you should try to talk to them? Try to be… I don’t know if it would ever be possible for you and Draco to be friends, Harry, but at least… perhaps the three of you could make an effort to clear the air? It would certainly make seventh year a little… easier for us all. A lot of people are still upset over the war, obviously, and seeing you and Draco constantly at odds and now Tom Riddle being here too…” She trailed off.

Harry frowned. Did he really want to be Malfoy’s friend? Was that even an option anymore after everything that had already happened between them? Years of hostility weren’t just wiped out overnight, were they?

And then there was also Tom Riddle to consider. Harry still hadn’t figured out what his role was in all of this.

Had Riddle turned Malfoy into some kind of personal project, Harry wondered?

But then, their relationship seemed so much more than that. It looked solid and real and Riddle had sounded quite sincere in his defence of Malfoy last night.

Did the two of them really plan to move into the manor together this summer? Would the teachers ever agree to that? And what would it mean for the future, exactly?

Harry sighed, and then he looked up, startled. Eyes as green as his own were looking straight at him, challengingly.

Harry swallowed hard. He quickly turned his head away and berated himself for having all the social graces of a Hufflepuff after two shots of Firewhiskey.

In the early afternoon, Harry found himself following Malfoy again, although he wasn’t exactly sure why he was doing it this time.

Maybe he wanted to be absolutely certain that the boy had indeed changed, before he did something drastic like approach him. For a moment, he thought that this was just like last year. If he had known back then what was going to happen a few months later, would things have turned out differently?

Harry shook his head sadly. Thinking about that kind of thing really didn’t do anyone any good. It only piled on the guilt even further.

“I’m going to turn around now, Potter,” a voice in front of him suddenly drawled. “I trust you’ll be enough of a Gryffindor not to run?”

Harry’s heart jumped up into his throat. He supposed he could still escape if he wanted to, but what purpose would that serve? And he had been planning to talk to Malfoy anyway, hadn’t he? He’d best get it over with, then.

He took a deep breath and shrugged off his cloak.

With one elegant swoop, Malfoy turned around and took a few confident steps forward, until he was standing right in front of Harry. “Pray tell,” the boy said, "what can I do for you?”

“I… um…” Harry ran a shaky hand through his hair. “Can we talk?”

“Talk?” Draco seemed to think that over for a moment. “Well,” he at last said. "We have twenty minutes before the next class starts.”

“Right.”

“Follow me, then, Potter.”

They found an empty classroom. They went in and sat down on two opposing desks.

“Fifteen minutes, Potter,” Draco pointed out. “I suggest you start talking.”

Harry nodded. “Right. I… was wondering if we could… I mean, the war is over and…” Unable to find the right words, and thinking that maybe he should have rehearsed this, he stuck out his hand and offered, “Truce?”

Draco raised his eyebrows. He had to stop himself from laughing. Not that this was funny per se, but it was definitely an interesting sight to behold. Harry Potter wanting to shake his hand. For so many years, he’d dreamed of this moment.

“You want us to bury the hatchet?” Draco asked slowly.

“Yes,” Harry said simply. “I think it’s about time we stopped fighting.”

Draco smirked. “Well, not to be petty or juvenile about it, Potter, but you’re the one who always starts the trouble these days. I’d much rather just get on with my life, frankly.”

“So, that’s a yes?”

Draco shrugged. “Sure. Whatever you say, Potter,” he replied dismissively and finally shook the offered hand, causing Harry to grin widely when he released it again.

At that very moment, the door opened. “I was wondering where you got to, Draco,” Tom Riddle said, before turning to the other boy. “Not up to your usual tricks again, are you, Potter?”

“No,” Draco answered in Harry’s stead. “Actually, we settled our differences. More or less.”

Tom grinned. “Kissed and made up, did you?”

“No kissing, I’m afraid,” Draco answered dryly. He slid off the desk again, while Harry merely blushed; he had a feeling that Tom Riddle was on to him, and it wasn’t a pleasant realisation at all.

“We have to get to Transfiguration,” Tom said.

“So we do,” Draco agreed.

“Are you coming with us, Potter?” Tom asked, something challenging in his voice.

“Um, no,” Harry said quickly. “I’ve got Astronomy. Other side of the castle.”

“Right,” Tom said. “See you later, then.”

Draco gave Harry a brief glance and a small, guarded smile, before he joined Tom and the two of them left the classroom.

Harry let out a long breath he didn’t even know he’d been holding. He had no idea how he was supposed to feel now, but still something told him that there was a major change on the horizon.

Yes. Of that, he was almost convinced.