“Oh my God, this man’s a joke.”

“Hmm?” Severus’s eyes were bleary and half-lidded. He yawned. “What were you saying?”

“Lockhart. Guess what? He’s persuaded Slughorn to teach us love potions for Valentine’s Day.”

That got Severus’s attention fast. “What? But most of them are illegal!”

“Oh, only the legal potions, of course. The weak ones, the short-term ones. . .” Harry made a derisive gesture with his hand.

“And Dumbledore’s going to allow it? This is crazy.”

Keeping his eyes cautiously closed, Harry fumbled for the classroom door’s handle. Closing the door behind him, he let out a cry of triumph; he had made it without problems.

“Harry?”

Still keeping his eyes closed, Harry warned, “We did Titania’s Bane today, so I’m warning you right now that I will moon over you for the next few hours.”

“Over me? But I’m dead!”

“Better you than Malfoy.”

Harry opened his eyes. Before him was the most exquisite creature he had ever seen. His hair was a shiny silver colour, his nose Roman and noble, his lips thin and red as cherries. Though he was wearing student robes, they were hanging almost regally from his frame.

“Oh Severus, my love. What should I do to gain your favour? Tell me, dear heart!”

Severus’s face took a strange expression and he stifled a giggle.

“Oh, Harry, you look completely enraptured. It’s too funny.”

“I am! Enraptured with your face, so fair; with your wit, so sharp; with your voice, oh, your voice. Dark chocolate is not so sweet and velvety as your voice and surely God’s angels’ music is not so heavenly as the music of your voice.”

Severus turned away and had a violent fit of coughing. Harry stepped forward, anxious.

“Are you ill, dear love? Tell me whether there’s aught I could do!”

Severus let out short breaths and swallowed.

“No, thank you, Harry. It’s nothing. So you, er, like my voice?”

Slumped on the desk, Harry hid his face in his crossed arms. Severus floated around, in full laughing fit. Every time he started to calm down, a look at Harry would set him off again.

“You have to admit it was funny.”

A groan answered him.

“C’mon, Harry!”

“Shut up, Sev. I’ve never been so humiliated of all my life.”

“It could have been worse. Could have been Malfoy.”

Harry sat up abruptly, and threw a horrified glance at Severus, who of course roared with laughter once again. Harry shuddered violently.

“Thank God for small favours.”