7 Days Of Palm Springs
by DickTracey

DAY 4 SATURDAY

I woke up at eight and Tracey was still sleeping, naked face down with her gorgeous ass up in the air. I showered and when I came out she was sitting on the bed watching tv naked.

"Taz just texted me, the pool party is clothing optional," She said with a big grin. "So what do you think the rules should be for today?"

"I think I am playing in this golf tournament today so I won't be back until late. So have fun and I will see you late tonight. As far as the party goes you will be naked so have fun. Let me know where you are and send me text every so often. I need to know your safe." I said with a smile.

"Ok I will be sexy Tracey today," She said with a grin. "I have no idea what to expect, so I will stay in touch and I will tell you all about my day when I get back ," she said in her sexy sultry voice.

"Well I better get going, I don't want to be late meeting your boyfriend," I said with a big smile. "Keep in touch.

She got up and gave me a big kiss and hug. She undid my fly and pulled out my cock and gave it a kiss and then sucked it into her mouth. She then let it fall from her mouth and smiled. "See you later sweetie," she giggled.

I left and got in the car and drove to the golf course. I got to the course a little early and unloaded my clubs. As I was pulling the clubs out of the trunk a young lady showed up on a golf cart. She looked amazing in her white mini skirt and blue crop top.

"I am here to take you to the clubhouse,"She said with a big smile. Her long blonde hair and blue eyes were simply gorgeous and for some reason I was tongue tied.

She loaded the clubs in the power cart and off we went to the clubhouse. On the way Tracey texted me a pic of her in the shower. A Hot woman beside me and one in the shower, life's good.

About an hour later she texted me a pic of her in her white thong and a sheer cover up that comes down to just cover her ass. I was sitting in the cart with Robert when I got another text of her and Taz together on his motorcycle. Now that was a surprise. It looked like Tracey had changed and put on her sundress with the buttons up the front. Just then I realized Robert got the same text. We looked at each other and laughed.

"Looks like she is on her way to have some fun," Robert said with a smile.

The tournament was a blast with a couple of cuties on each hole either selling something or giving away stuff. Not that I didn't enjoy the fun and games but I found myself looking forward to the text from Tracey.

We were on the second hole when we got the next text. Robert was hitting a wedge into the green when it came in. It was a pic of her standing by Taz's bike. The buttons undone to below her sternum and undone up to her pussy. The next pic was of her and Taz together with his arm around her and his hand resting on her breast.

Another text came in on the fifth hole. It was a pic of Tracey naked except her panties hugging a guy with the caption look who's here, the next pic was one of her and Rod the bartender standing in his underwear.

I was wondering why Rod was there, so I returned a text of Robert and I with the two girls in their bikinis on the fifth hole.

She sent us a text on the seventh hole that said, so that is how it is with a smile emoji. The pic was of her standing naked with Taz and Rod rubbing suntan lotion on her. Taz working on her tits and Rod on her ass. Robert and I looked at each other after seeing the text and smiled. It was a fucking hot pic. Mind you us pulling up to the tee box and two buxom blondes standing with Bloody Mary's for us helped to take our minds of Tracey a little.

On the tenth hole she sends a text of her in line at the bar naked with some guy with a hard on behind her. The tip of his dick resting on her ass. She was looking over her shoulder with a big smile. So at the next hole there was a sexy little brunette with Tracey's build in a short skirt and halter top. She handed me a rye and coke and I asked if I could get a pic with her. She resembled Tracey and I wanted a pic to send her.

"Sure," she said, with a big smile. "I would love to."

Before I could get out of the cart she jumped up on my knee put arms around my neck and gave me a kiss on the cheek. She cuddled right into me and put my hand on her ass. The other girl came over and took a couple of pics.

"So what's your wife's number I will send it too her," she said laughing.

So I gave her the number and she sent it.

The girl on my my knee said giggling," looks to me you are happy to see me, I am glad I could help. Honestly most guys freak out when we want to send the pic to their wife. They usually chicken out."

"To be honest her sending the pic just makes it hotter and you are right I am happy to see you." Then I gave her a kiss on the cheek.

Her hot little ass sitting on my cock was sooo nice. Her right boob pushed up against my chest also felt good. The only problem was trying to hit a golf ball with a hard on. I thought Robert was going to dye laughing.

The next text from Tracey was of her sitting on a guys lap kissing him on the cheek just like my pic, except they were naked. Robert and I had a good laugh.

We didn't get any more texts until the eighteenth hole and it was a pic of her doing shots with three guys. Next pic was her standing between Rod and Taz, so a Tracey sandwich.

We finished our round of golf and had supper. It was pretty awesome, people were getting their prizes and all these hot girls were wondering around pretty close to naked. Robert and I watched the ladies and talked and about eleven I went home. I grabbed some crown coolers and headed to the hot tub. I spent an hour between there and the pool then went to the room. I turned a movie on and laid on the bed.

I woke up awhile later to Tracey sucking my cock. She was naked playing with my balls as she swallowed my cock.

"Wow I love being woke up that way. Your home early, I thought maybe five or six before you got home."

She climbs up and straddles me and slides my penis inside her. Then she started sliding back and forth.

"I wanted to come home and screw you. It was a fun day and believe me they were awesome but I want you now!" She stopped and started squeezing my dick with her pussy.

"Sooooooo did you have a good time?" I asked, "I would love to hear all about it."

"Well I had a blast," She said with a huge smile. "As you know when Taz showed up he had his bike I was not dressed for that so I put a dress on. Boy did it feel awesome riding on the back of the bike like that. My dress blowing in the wind, I am sure other drivers seen my ass cheeks. . I got lots of looks on the way," She said with a big smile.

" You sure looked hot in either outfit," I replied.

"We got to the to the party and Taz had a room at the hotel. We walked around the hotel and there was people just walking around naked. I had never seen that before but enjoyed it."

"So how did Rod end up there? " I asked.

"Taz had a room and when got to it Rod was there with his girlfriend, who you would like. She is gorgeous. Anyways we got along great. The guys put lotion on me for you, I thought you would like that. Then we made a Tracey sandwich for you, it felt good with two dicks stabbing me," She laughed.

"Ok you did that all for me? You are so thoughtful." I said as I shook my head,"Now get to the juicy stuff."

"Ok, we left the room to go to the pool and that's when you got the pics of me and the guys. Then we just laid on loungers for awhile and talked while I drank coconut rum and orange juice. Then Rod's girlfriend Kate showed up. She is gorgeous, blonde hair blue eyes about five six. She seemed to have c cups and the waist and hips to match. She was awesome, we hit it off right away." She smiled.

"We talked the four of us for awhile. Then I think the alcohol kicked in," She chuckled. "Kate and I headed for the hot tub, it felt so awesome walking around naked. We were sitting in hot tub and there was a guy watching Kate and I from the other side. So I asked Taz if it was okay to have some fun. He said fine with him. So I asked Kate to help out and she said sure and she went to get what I needed," She said mischievously.

She continue, "This guy was sitting on the edge of the hot tub his dick was the size of a Costco hot dog, minus the bun," She chuckled. "I went over to talk to him and his limp wiener. I asked him if he wanted taken care of. He replied yes please. I told him he could not touch me and I would take care of his hard-on as long as he obeyed the rules."

"What rules would that be my sweet," I said knowing her devilish way.

"Well he was not allowed to touch Kate or me, was not allowing to speak and as soon as he broke the rules we would stop but if he obeyed them he would be well rewarded.

He sat on the edge of the tub and got comfortable with some pillows and by then Kate was back with a tray of stuff from the ice cream bar. He looked a little nervous but I assured him it was ok. I started with a glass of ice water and dumped on his crotch and everything shrunk. I told him I wanted to start from scratch, so before he panicked I grabbed his cock and started to massage it. I grabbed a banana and squashed it in my hand. Then I started working it on his dick, at the same time I licked his head," She said with a smile.

"I whispered to Kate and then went back to his cock. It was back to full size by now, rubbing the banana into his cock was so much fun. I bent over and started sucking it and at the same time Kate started massaging my tits with mashed bananas. I then took his cock and placed between my tits and squeezed them together and rode his cock up and down then went lower to massage his balls with my tits and started licking his cock."

"So you guys double teamed him?" I said wishing it was me.

"Kate wanted a turn so I stepped aside and she mashed more banana into his cock while I massaged banana into her boobs. We then got on each side of him and put his cock between our boobs. We had our boobs mashed together and his cock between them while we kissed each other. It was amazing. He was getting ready to cum so we stopped and took ice and used it on his dick to slow him down," Tracey said with her devilish smile.

"We then took banana and crushed mango and went to work on his cock. Then we covered it with whip cream and both of us started licking and sucking it. I took his cock in my mouth as Kate started sucking his balls. About this time I feel someone playing with my ass and look over my shoulder to see Rod behind me and Taz behind Kate. They were rubbing whip cream all over our buts. Then they were munching on our pussies."

She continued,"His penis felt amazing in my mouth, he had a larger head so I caught my teeth on it's ridge. Behind me Rod had entered my cunt and was starting to pump slowly. I took the head of his penis in my teeth about half way between his cum hole and the ridge and pushed down opening the hole, then I force the tip of my tongue into it and licked and sucked. Rod and Taz we're having fun in the back seat pounding away. He was about to cum so I stopped sucking and got Kate to join me licking his shaft as we played with each others tits. Then as he was getting ready to cum we stroked him until he came like a fountain. He came all over his stomach and chest so we rubbing the cum into his body. At that time I could feel Rod streaming his cum into my pussy."

"Kate and I licked each others hands clean from his cum and then turned and kissed Taz and Rod, "She explained. We went back and sat on the other side of the tub with the guys as they played with our tits. We kinda left the guys in a mess, with ice cream, whip cream ,mango and banana all over him plus his own cum. He didn't complain though he was smiling like a Cheshire Cat."

I the meantime, as she is telling me the story, she is grind my cock and I was playing with her tits. I blew a load into her and she collapsed into my arms.

"You seem tired sweetie, are you ok?" I asked.

"I am exhausted, being in the sun all day, the alcohol and the messing around was so much fun but is really tiring. I had a blast but I do wish you were there. By the way Kate is coming by tomorrow to hang at the pool and meet you." She said with a smile.

"Well after telling her about you and how you and I like to have fun. I told her that you very seldom mess around with other women. Although you can if you want, it's just your choice. So I think she is taking it as a challenge." She laughed.

"So do you want to sleep or talk? It's up to you."

"I can continue there isn't much more really, just very erotic. Kate and I seemed to be very infatuated with each other. I have never been so turned on by a woman like I am with her. It was so much fun. Don't get me wrong, I love cock and nothing can replace that." She said as she cuddled into me.

"We got out of the tub and sat on the lounger, it was more like a mattress. She started kissing me and me her, when she reached between my legs. We stopped kissing and she was playing with my pussy when the guys handed us a couple of drinks. They were strong but I needed it my heart was racing. We were staring at each other and smiling while we each started nipple play. We finished our drinks and she pushed me down onto my back," She said in a soft voice.

"She then straddled my face and then lowered her head between my legs and both of us were munching away. We were both moaning and aware of all the people watching. We had each others asses and squeezing them. Someone was playing with my tits and trying to get to lay on my side and eventually got us to lay on our sides on the lounger. Then as I am munching I feel this penis trying to get into Kate's pussy. I also felt a cock trying to enter my pussy."

"I moved my head to let him in and I started sucking his balls which tasted like mango so he must have rubbed some on them. He started pumping faster and harder, I could feel his shaft rubbing against my nose. At the other end I could feel a cock hammering my pussy. I was just starting to cum when I felt this warm gush in my pussy. I was hoping it was Taz or Rod who were planting their seed. In the meantime this cock pumping back and forth in front of my face starts to cum. He was still pumping and his cum is shooting in her pussy and all over my face. It was fucking amazing. They pulled out and a couple of moments later I feel a penis head pushing on my ass. Kate was getting the same treatment. I hesitated for a moment, then as he entered I started to organism again. Both of us just kept eating pussy but that feeling of cock up my ass while eating pussy with cum all over my face was unreal," She said almost whispering.

" When the guys finished, Kate and I sat up and licked the cum off of each other to the cheers of the people watching us. I was so tired, my body felt like rubber. By the way it was Taz fucking me and Rod fucking Kate."

"The guys took the two of us to the room and showered us. They cleaned us up from head to toe. I felt much better and much more awake after the shower. I was getting horny again so I wanted to come back here. Then Taz brought me home on his bike but I rode on the back naked. I wanted the feeling of the air on my body. We did get some looks but really nobody seen anything but the crack of my ass. We didn't even see any cops. Just walking to the room I felt so good, then Taz kissed me good night and here I am."

"WOW! That's all I can say. "

I took her in my arms and she fell asleep and I laid there playing with her hair, kissing her forehead and holding her tight. It feels so good hearing about her having fun with people she likes. At some point I fell asleep also.


DAY 5 SUNDAY

I woke up around eight and got out of bed put on shorts and a t shirt and headed to the store. I picked up some cut up fruit for breakfast. I walked back to the room and Tracey was in the shower. When she came out she looked gorgeous in the sunlight shining through the window. Her wet hair down to her shoulders framing her gorgeous face. She looked up and seen me and a big smile came across her face. She jumped into my arms and wrapped her legs around my waist. She kissed me and said I love you.

"You looked like you had fun at the tournament yesterday? Lots of sexy ladies," she said with a smile.

"Doesn't seem like I had as much fun as you." I chuckled.

"It was fun most of the day we just laid in the sun, teased and played. The sexual tension was amazing, everyone was sooo horny. People rubbing up against each other, kissing, some having sex. It was awesome to be that free. I would do it again in a heart beat."

"So what's on tap for today? Sexy lady." I said.

"Well I think today is going to be a relaxing day because my ass and my cunt are very tender after all this attention. Kate is coming around ten to hang out at the pool. You have the two of us to entertain all day." She said giggling.

"I will love to take care of both of you. Do I get to put the suntan lotion on? Also are the guys coming today?"

She replied, "No you have us to your self. Unless you need help," smiling.

"No I am good just hanging around with you two. I can't wait to meet her,"I replied excitedly.

About ten there is a knock at the door. I answered the door and Kate enters and straight into my arms. She put her arms around my neck, her legs around my waist and gave me a big kiss and stuck her tongue down my throat. Totally caught me off guard but I did grab her ass, what a lovely ass it was.

She was wearing a yellow thong bikini and a sheer cover up that just covered her ass. She was stunning with her blonde shoulder length hair and her beautiful blue eyes.

"WOW! That was an entrance. What would you have done if Tracey answered?" I said with a smile.

"Ahhhhh... nothing would have changed, she would have got the same welcome. In fact if the maintenance man would have answered he too would have got the same. I had already decided on my entrance." She was smiling as she spoke.

"Well it is awesome meeting you my lady. You are looking simply fantastic today." I said as charming as could be.

Tracey jumped off the bed and into Kate's arms and gave her a big kiss. Her naked body against Kate's looked amazing.

"Prepare to be teased mercilessly my dear husband. We are going to relax all day and tease the shit out of you." Tracey said with her devilish smile.

"So relaxing for you guys but not so much for me," I said with a big smile.

We talked a bit and then the girls walked to the pool. There was no one else out there so they grabbed a couple of loungers. I filled the cooler with coolers and beer and headed to the pool. When I got there Tracey and Kate had put three loungers in a row, they took the outside ones left one for me in the middle.

I got to the pool and gave the ladies each a drink and I went to sit down and Tracey says. "Hey lotion first buddy, I don't want to burn."

So I put lotion on Tracey's legs and started at her feet. As I worked up her calfs she started to spread her legs. I rubbed lotion on the inside of her legs and started running up against her pussy. I then worked on the cheeks of her ass sliding my fingers under the suit and playing with anus. I then worked up to her back where I undid her top. She rolled over and took her top off so I could put lotion on her tits. They needed to be well covered so they didn't get burnt , so I spent extra time on them. I then worked my way down to her pelvis. Then down between her legs again brushing against her pussy. She just laid there and quietly moaned. I slid my fingers under the crotch of her suit, I could feel the moisture between her legs. Just for fun I didn't bother putting her top over her tits.

As I went to sit down, Kate says with a sultry voice,"Not so fast buddy, my turn. I wouldn't want to burn either and Tracey said you would take good care of me with your magic hands."

I started with lotion on her feet and calfs, then up her legs and she spread them and looked over her shoulder and said, "Don't forget the inside of my thighs and make sure you rub it in good. "

So I did as wished and rubbed in the lotion real good, along with rubbing against her pussy. Then her ass which she seemed to be enjoying. I did her back and undid her top and added some lotion. Kate then rolled over and looked me right in the eye and pulled her top off. She then looked down at my crotch," Aren't you a healthy one." She said with a big smile.

I started at her feet again and worked my way to her pussy, which my fingers slid under her suit. She shifted a little and closed her eyes. I got to her abdomen and again my fingers slid under her suit. I massaged under her suit and noticed there was no pussy hair just nice smooth skin. She continued to squirm. Then I got to her gorgeous tits, I gave them a good amount of lotion and worked it in good,Her nipples were looking good all oily and she was enjoying me playing with her tits. I went to stop and she asked for more attention, which I had no problem doing so I added some lotion and pulled on her nipples until they slid out of my fingers a couple of times. I finished and went to my lounger and stretched out trying to get my dick to behave.

We laid in the sun for awhile and the girls dosed off. After about an hour four guys came to the pool and had to walk past to gander at the ladies. As they went by they just gave me a nod.

The girls got up shortly and stood up and put their tops on. Then Kate bent over to pick up her towel and her ass was right in front of my face so I gave her pussy a squeeze and she didn't even flinch just turned and blew me a kiss.

"Hey Dick, Kate and I are going to float in the pool for awhile, you joining?" Tracey asked.

"In a bit, I will go get us something to eat. Any suggestions?"

So I went for a ride and picked up a pizza, some cut up mangos and pineapple and some more coolers. When I returned the girls were in the pool and the four young guys were like sharks around them. The ladies were chatting them up and I assume teasing the young guys.

"Hey ladies suppers here," I said as I put everything out on the table.

The girls came up the stairs of the pool holding hands and the four guys just stood admiring the girls.I realized both girls nipples were standing at attention and their tops were sheer when wet, no wonder the boys were excited. We sat having a drink and some pizza. Then the girls informed me to eat pineapple, apparently it makes sperm taste better. Who knew.

They invited the guys for some pizza and they wandered over. We sat talking and the girls informed them they weren't getting laid by them tonight.

"Ladies you look amazing today, total enjoyed the pool with you guys," The tall guy said.

"You guys are cute but if you guys think your getting laid tonight by us, you should go to the bar and maybe you might get lucky, "Said Kate with a smile. "We will tease you and have some fun but the only one fucking pussy here tonight is Dick."

"Listen we just want to have fun, that's all. If we get laid or not we will see," the tallest kid said smiling. "Teasing is just about as much fun besides you said there was no available pussy but there is other things you know."

We sat talking for a bit then went to the pool. The boys had a volleyball and we messed around playing some waterpolo. Well that was fun they would throw the ball to the girls and then chase them. We spent so much time laughing and the girls boobs spent more time out of their bikini tops than in and the guys I am sure were grabbing their bottoms and pulling them down on purpose. In fact the girls quit tucking their tits back in and weren't worried about their bottoms.

Everyone finally started running out of steam, so they came out of the pool. The girls were somewhat disheveled but that didn't stop them from standing on the pool stairs and making out. Their hands were all over each other. It also looked like the girls had tried to rip the one guys shorts off.

"Hey i'm making a beer run who's coming?" The tall kid asked who ended up to be Ed. So his buddies went with him. I am sure they went to scheme on how to get in the girls pants.

We sat around and then went to the hot tub. We were in there talking about the evening and just relaxing.

"Hey Kate, so you don't want to screw the boys?" I asked.

"Normally yes but Tracey and I decided we were going to take care of you tonight Now I can't screw them because I said I wouldn't. Having said that though this will be fun, they will be trying every move to get in our panties. It is actually going to be fun night of teasing the shit out of them. If they play their cards right they may get a blow job. Right Tracey." Kate said with a huge smile.

"That's right but that doesn't mean we can't have fun getting there." Tracey replied.

The boys came back with a cooler and sat with us in the hot tub. I am not sure when they realized the girls had no tops on. They were both in the water to their shoulders. To be honest with you the two girls had my cock and balls in their hands. The boys were sitting side by side on the other side of the hot tub.

Tracey says to Kate, "What do you think, Kate? Interested in some banana fun?"

Kate replied very mischievously, "Yes you interested in a race, I propose you pick a guy and so will I. First one to make their guy cum wins. No pussy play allowed. Just hands mouth and tits."

"Sounds like fun to me."

"Ok guys, if you want to have some fun drop your pants." At this time Tracey and Kate stood up out of the water. They looked so awesome with water running off their nipples. All four guys jumped up and dropped their shorts. In the meantime Kate had gotten out of the pool and had gone for their supplies.

"Ok sit on the edge of the tub, with your feet in the water. Then lean back and relax." Tracey said with a smile. So the guys did as they were told.

"So what are you guys going to do to us?" Ed asked nervously.

"Well I am going to pick one of you guys and Kate another. We call it cum wars. Last man to cum wins. There will be three rounds. First round I pick Ed ,Kate who is yours?"

"I want this guy," the guy beside Ed, "What's your name?"

"Sid," He said smiling.

"Ok you two are up to bat first, then you two. Next the two guys that didn't cum get to go again and then who ever doesn't cum wins. Then for winning the two of us will make him cum. So you ready to get started. Oh ya we win by making you cum, so it's the best of three and who ever wins gets to pick what we are going to do to Dick. So much fun." Tracey said grinning ear to ear.

We just sat for a couple of minutes to let everything sink in.

"Ok let's get started, ladies. Ready set go." I said

Tracey grabbed some banana and rubbed into her tits with one hand and on Ed's cock with the other. She then grabbed his cock put it between her tits and started sliding up and down. In the meantime Kate is stroking Sid's cock and sucking the head of his cock. Tracey takes Ed's cock and starts sucking and squeezing Ed's balls. Kate squeezes Sid's dick then pulls her mouth away loosens her grip and gives it a couple of strokes and he lets out a groan and his cock goes off like a fountain, landing all over his stomach.

Round one is over , Kate 1 - Tracey 0 and Ed beat Sid.

Round two, the other two guys who's names are Ryan and Steve. "Ok Kate you pick your guy."

"I want Ryan he looks cute." Kate said with a smile.

"Ok I get Steve. Steve get ready for your world to get rocked." Tracey said with a huge smile.

They got ready with their fruit. They were giggling and laughing the whole time.

"Ok girls get ready, set, go!" I said.

Tracey grabbed Steve's dick smeared banana on it and started stroking it. She grabbed the head in her mouth and started to suck.

At the same time Kate latches onto Ryan and starts stroking his cock with both hands. She grabs the head and pushes down with her thumb while stroking with the other.

Tracey swallows his cock and on the up stroke she catches her teeth on his head and gently tugs on it.

Tracey takes his head and puts her teeth on each side of his penis hole and presses down and force his cum hole open and she stuck the end of her tongue in it and he started to tremble. She took his cock out of her mouth and he shot his load straight in the air, it landed in his stomach. Tracey wins , Steve loses.

Round two Tracey wins. Kate 1 - Tracey 1 , Steve loses leaving Ed and Ryan in a cum off.

"Ok guys let's have a couple of drinks and take a break," Said Tracey.

We sat having drinks and talking about places in Palm Springs to see and talked about different bars.

Then Kate says, "Ok let's get going and I want Ed if that is ok. I almost had him last time."

"Ohhh you think so!" Laughed Ed.

"Sounds good," Replied Tracey.

So the boys line up on the edge of the pool and the girls grab the two semi hard cocks.

"Get ready... set... go!" I said with a smile.

Tracey started sliding Ryan's cock between her tits and it went hard almost immediately.

Kate took Ed's head in her mouth and started sucking. She also started stroking it.

Tracey then started sucking Ryan's cock and kneading the head with her teeth. Her saliva was running down his cock as she strokes him.

Kate is starting to deep throat Ed and he is starting to moan.

Tracey hooked her teeth on his head and tugged in a pulsating move and Ryan starts moaning. Tracey starts deep throating him. Then she steps back and he erupted all over almost like a garden hose.

Tracey 2 - Kate 1

Ed wins the cum off.

So immediately Tracey pushes Ed down and straddles his face and he starts munching away. Within thirty seconds Ed starts cumming and this time Kate starts swallowing. He was cumming so hard she couldn't swallow fast enough. Kate stands up straight and looked like she was the cat who swallowed the canary. By then Tracey had finished on Ed's face.

"So guys was that as much as fun for you as it was for us," Tracey said smiling.

"You bet!" Replied Ed.

"Well I think we need to put Dick to bed, Tracey." Said Kate. "Sorry boys but I want Dick's dick."

So the girls gave all the boys a kiss, a tug and a hug. Then off we went to our room. On the way we ran into Cuffs who Tracey introduced Kate too. The girls gave Cuffs a big kiss, let him grope their tits and they gave his groin a nice rub. When we got to the room the ladies pushed me on the bed and went to work on my cock and balls. It wasn't long before I started to cum and the girls took turns sucking me dry.

We laid on the bed and kissed and I played with their breasts. I tried to treat them equal but it was hard keeping track.

Then Kate said to Tracey,"Heads or Tails?"

"I'll take heads you get tails," replied Tracey.

"What are you guys talking about?" I said nervously.

They didn't say anything, Kate mounted my cock as Tracey and Kate started kissing. Tracey mounted my face and we made out in a triangle for awhile. Then Tracey got off my face and I pulled Kate down to me by her nipples. All of a sudden I feel someone sucking on my balls and grabbing the base of my cock, I was hoping it was Tracey, meanwhile Kate was sliding up and down my shaft. I felt someone going from my balls to the shaft of my dick as Kate slid up and down. I wanted to cum but the person grabbing the base of my cock, who was Tracey, wouldn't let me. Finally she went back to my balls and released my cock and exploded into Kate. It totally exhausted me.

The three of us just laid on the bed and fell asleep. As the night went on one of us would wake up and play with the other two. I did wake up once when the two ladies were playing with my cock. We eventually dosed off for the night, all with smiles of course and looking forwards to the next day.

