<!--ADULTSONLY-->

The Intruder

Ciana Rose (c) 2001
All rights reserved



    Max made his way to an old desk in the corner of the room, with me in tow. Shoving some of the clutter aside, he propped himself against the edge. Then he drew me between his spread legs, and into his arms.
    He quickly wove me into a trance with another of his searing kisses. As far as I'm concerned, he can hold me captive with that sensuous mouth of his for the rest of my life, any time. Wishful thinking though, because to my regret, the kiss ended entirely too soon. My eyes opened to bring me to the present, only to be lost again in Max's penetrating gaze.
    Like a puppet, I waited to see what was in store for me next. One arm wound firmly around my waistline, he turned me to stand a little more sideways. Then whispering, "Lift your skirt," he slowly lowered his free hand.
    As I held the front of my skirt raised, my breath caught with the anticipation of his touch. He slowed his descending hand even more, just to torment me further. He takes immense pleasure in making me wait--and by his expression, it was no different then.
    I was quivering by the time Max's fingers brushed my tender flesh. The contact made me whimper, and my body swayed toward him in its want.
    "No." He tightened the arm wrapped around me, allowing me to lean only my upper body against him. "Keep still."
    "Damn you," I murmured, frustrated.
    I had to fight to stand still, but couldn't stop whimpering while his fingers continued to fuel the flames of my core with light touches, and minute insertions.
    Keeping me suffering, Max nuzzled against my hair and murmured, "My pussy."
    Two fucking words and my knees suddenly buckled.
    Catching me, he chuckled and withdraw his hand.
    "Nooooo," I whined, unable to decide if I preferred the torment, or the lack of it.
    As if to gloat over the power he holds over me, he sniffed his sticky fingers, then rubbed them together. His smile of approval made me want to fall to my knees and beg him to fuck me.
    Suddenly, Max spun me around and bent me over his arm, exposing my bare bottom from under my too-short skirt. It makes me tingle all over every time he boldly takes what he seeks from me, as if it belongs to him. In truth, it does.
    He grunted another approval as he rubbed his palm against my taut cheeks. "Nice," he murmured. "Such a nice ass for me to fuck." His hand extended to the back of my thighs possessively, then returned for another grope of my full bottom. "Do you need to cum, baby? Hmmm?"
    "Yes," I drawled, a little surprised by the offer.
    "Then bend your knees deeper," he said, pronouncing my penance for the privilege. He even kindly leaned to accommodate me. "That's it, baby, push out, make pussy more available to me." Speaking, he pressed his palm against my burning center.
    I moaned loudly, danger of being caught long forgotten. But then Max purposely patted my saturated entrance, and embarrassed me with the sound. I mumbled a protest that we both knew to be meaningless, and wet heavily.
    "Good girl, show me how much you like me embarrassing you."
    I groaned my surrender, and immersed in the sweet pleasure of it all.
    "Ooooo, so horny," Max said as he spread my tender labia and held it parted. "I'll give it a good fucking when I'm ready. Right now, why don't you just cum for me." And with that, he took my clit between his adept fingers, and made it so.
    Trembling, I came. But hell, between concentrating on keeping quiet and a hollow orgasm, it was hardly satisfying. But then that was the intent, wasn't it? This, like all the others, was a calculated delivery to keep me dangled with just enough nagging desire. And to make sure, damn him, he removed his hand before my spasms subsided and satisfaction could settle in. And so, I fell a little more in love with him.




Please visit http://www.cianarose.com to read more of my free stories or send me your comments.

