tort, scatt, snuff, 


Justice


She was only young, probably only just within the legal age for execution, she had been dressed to look like a kid her clothes reflected her young age, white blouse with her bra just visible as a shadow under the blouse as she moved. The skirt was short too, a pleated schoolgirls skirt that just covered her knickers as she walked. As they walked toward the gallows she was held by two big guards that just emphasised her size and age. At times they had to support her because it was obvious that her legs were giving way. 

Just ahead of her, pushing through the invited audience went the camera man taking the shots out to the waiting audience. There were only a handful of full version executions each year and they attracted a worldwide audience of viewers so there were dozens of cameras catching her every move. When they reached the gallows the guards had to have lift and carry her up the steps. On the platform there was a small steel chair and she was sat in this and secured by handcuffs to the armrests as the preliminary show started. 
On the platform stood an X shaped cross and on the other side of the platform a girl stood in a dressing gown with more guards restraining her. The presenter for the night came forward and welcomed the TV audience. 
"Tonight a double feature of death and destruction, punishment and retribution. 
The first prisoner is Shona from London, sentenced to death by the judicial process for the heinous crime of making a joke about the leader." 

The audience booed at the mention of the criminal and her crime. "She is sentenced to 200 lashes and if that doesn't see her off she will be dispatched by Brother Tom and his trusty Luger." One of the guards stepped forward waving his handgun and smiled for the camera. 
"The second feature is a full treason execution, and justice will be visited upon Ann from Birmingham. More of that later, but just to let you know, mercy has been refused so it will be the full Monty. The audience erupted into cheers at this point and were only quieted when the narrator raised his hand. "OK let's get on with the show. Over to you, the execution team led by The Executioner." Again a huge cheer.

Four men stepped forward all dressed in black with a t-shirt and trousers stamped with the skull symbol of their office. In front was the most famous executioner, his face recognisable everywhere in the world. The executioners acknowledged the crowds for a few moments and the stood back at the Executioner signalled to the guards. They brought forward the girl in the dressing gown who looked sick and ashen. The executioner undid the belt of her wrap and the guards released her arms so that it would drop to the floor. She stood there wearing just stained white knickers and bra. Obviously this girl had had a few problems. 

The executioner nodded again and the the guards pulled her to the cross and in moments secured her by wrist and ankles with her back to the cross. "You have been sentenced to death by 200 lashes. And we are here to carry out the sentence. She was crying silently as the executioner tried several of the whips he had been handed, and picked one with a swagger and a crack of the tawes. He gave several more switches of whip and the audience cheered. 
"Ready bitch. Any last words before the sentence is carried out?"
The girl just whispered, "No. Please just do it quickly." 
The Executioner just smiled and nodded. "The sentence is for punishment, deterrent and entertainment, so unfortunately for you, it will not be quick and it is my job to ensure that you feel every bit of it. So the only thing you have to do is to prepare to die in an eternity of pain." As he finished the audience screamed their approval. The girl whimpered and closed her eyes tight. 

"Open your mouth." He shouted. 
She did as she was asked and the executioner pushed in a wedge of wood. 
"Bite it hard." He instructed as he stood back and pulled his arm well back and brought the whip round with a terrible force and a cry of effort. The leather tawe slapped home across the stomach of the girl who screamed in agony, again and again the whip cracked home until blood flowed down her body and stained her knickers red. At each stroke the audience shouted out the number but on the platform it was only just audible above the screams of the girl. On the eighteenth stroke her bladder gave way and the executioner stopped for a moment so that the cameras could close in on the sight of the pea staining her knickers and poring out, stained red with blood,  onto the floor below.

Sitting at the side of the platform the young girl was crying and shaking in terror as she watched what was happening to the girl in front of her and knew that far worse waited for her.  A guard stood each side of her and both of them kept laughing whenever the whip bit into the girls flesh. "There you will be soon. Pissing and probably shitting yourself too if I know the work they will be doing on you. Ever wonder how that feels, you will know about pain soon. It won't be easy for you like it is for her" "I need the toilet," she said, "Please I need the toilet I'm going to dirty myself." The guard signed to the doctor who came over with his nurses and listened to the girl's request. "OK." He said. And he instructed the guards to put up a screen so that she was hidden from the audience. This was quickly done and a guard opened a slot in the base of the chair. One of the nurses helped the girl by pulling the gusset of her knickers to one side. "OK there is a bucket underneath, just do what you need." The doctor said. The girl was straining and was having a problem. After a few minutes she started crying, "I can't go." She said, "Help me please." "Nurse, can you help? The doctor asked. 

"Don't worry love" the nurse said, "lets see what we can do here. Lift up your bum a little." The girl lifted off the seat slightly and the nurse reached an arm round her on both sides to take hold of the girl's cheeks, keeping the gusset to one side she pulled open the cheeks and with a finger teased the girl's anus. In a few seconds the hole opened and relaxed, and as it did the diarrhoea which it was holding back poured out. Some pockets of gas propelled the liquid shit and splattered it around the bucket. As she finished gas kept coming for a while making noises that were echoed by the presenter blowing raspberries and pointing at the screens and holding his nose. The nurse wiped the girl's bottom with a damp flannel and the bucket was removed. An empty bucket was left under the chair and the slit in the chair left open and her knickers pulled to one side in case she had another release. A nurse stayed with the girl at the doctor's insistence and tried to comfort her and wipe her brow occasionally with a cool flannel. "It will soon be over, don't think about what's coming that's what they want you to do." "I'm frightened I can't do it. I'm scarred." "Of course you are, there are some terrible things going to happen. At the end of t you will die and that will make all the pain end. So as soon as you can you must try and let go, give up so the pain ends."

With the screens gone the whipping recommenced. At 70 strokes the executioner stopped. The girl was in a mess, most of the strikes so far had been across her stomach with just a few on her lower torso and across the tops of her thighs, but the skin of her stomach was in tatters as ribbons of meat and flesh hung down and blood was flowing. Her eyes were wide and blood dripped from her mouth from where her teeth had broken in the wooden mouthpiece. The executioner nodded to the doctor who was standing to one side. The doctor came forward and examined the wounds. "She will not last to 200 at this rate. You will have to spread it out a bit or you will rip through to the guts." The executioner nodded, and stood back. The doctor wiped the girls face and put a powder on her wounds to stem the blood loss. 

The Executioners next strike hit the girl's bra across the line of her nipples. As the whip struck again and again the girls wide open eyes started to protrude from her head and in ten more strokes her whole appearance had altered as her face contorted in agony and she looked like she was choking. The bra began to rip and tear apart and after a few more slightly lighter strokes, she fainted. The doctor attended to her again. "I will have to get her down or you will loose her too soon. The chest trauma is causing her to spasm and she can't breath." The executioner nodded. He called over the guards and quietly gave them instructions to remove her from the cross. They untied her and lowered her gently to a gurney that had been brought on fore the purpose. With cameras picking up every move, he did what he could to repair the damage. Some of the loose flesh he cut away. The worst of the bleeds was packed and he had a nurse put a towel across her stomach and put pressure on it to stop blood loss

While the doctor worked the narrator was discussing the punishment and speaking to a retired executioner about the work that had been done so far. 
"You can keep it going for a while," the guest said, "but eventually everyone dies, they are just flesh and blood." 
"Just as we can see here," chipped in the presenter.
"Yes and lots of it." The guest laughed. "It is a matter of trying to do the will of the court. So the executioner has the choice of many tawes. Some will do a lot of damage; some less, all will hurt though you can be sure of that." 

In ten minutes the girl was conscious. The doctor gave her some water, cleaned her mouth and pulled out one of her teeth which had broken, and sat stroking her head as another nurse tried to massage the girl's breasts to make them pliable. They had become stiff and her left tit was very swollen but even with every gentle massage, she cried each time they where touched. "Kill me please." She begged "Please." The doctor just looked at her, "You have to take your punishment." He said "I'm very sorry". After a few more minutes the doctor checked under the towel. The stomach would was still bleading and it was in danger of being a fatal bleed. "I am sorry but I will have to use the iron I can't stop this otherwise." The girl begged and pleaded to let it bleed out but thew doctor called for the brazier to be brought on. The brazier was placed on the platform and turned on. In a few moments the jet of gas had heated the irons that were in it to red hot intensity. The doctor selected an appropriate iron and pulled away the towel. He pushed the iron into the bleeding wound as the girls screemeed and shook with pain befor she fainted. A plume of black smoke billowed from the girld stomach and the smell of burning flesh filled the theatre. In a few minutes he had brought the girl round and despite her crying and screeching to die, he signalled to the executioner that he could continue.. 

The guards came forward and took hold of her. She started to scream as she was lifted back to the cross and tied back in place.

The executioner came forward and started again, this time without the gag the girl screamed in agony each time the whip landed but something was different, the blows a little lighter the whip taws a little thinner. The top half of her body was covered in bleeding cuts and soon her screams become quieter. The executioner mover around the platform looking for a clean area to strike and soon the arms and legs were striped cut and bleeding. At the 120 strikes the doctor ordered another stop. The girl was no longer able to talk and every movement was intense agony. And no longer responding to the whip. The doctor looked after her again and with a microphone pushed into his face by the narrator said "She is going into shock, she has not got long now." The Executioner nodded and pointed to the cross. This time as she was lifted into place it was with a difference. Her legs were secured at the top spindles and he arms left loose. The executioner inspected the girl and ran his hand over the gusset of her knickers the audience went wild. "Would you like me to fuck you?" he asked. "Kill me, please kill me, I can't die." Was all she said. By this time her whole body was quivering and the executioner pulled the gusset to one side. He called the doctor over to look at the girl's privates. The doctor looked and teased open the vagina and inserted two fingers, checking that some device for inflicting death had not been inserted. Then he explored her anus and nodded to the executioner.

At the side of the platform the young girl watched this and a stream of piss poured out of her. The nurse hugged and tried to comfort her.

At the front of the platform the executioner lined up the whip and with a terrible energy brought it down straight between the girl's legs. As the whip bit in to her crotch the girl screamed a horrorifing gurgling scream, and moments later vomit poured out of her mouth into her eyes and hair. He knew the signs. He used this stroke quickly five times until her knickers split and blood spurted out in a dark red fountain. Turning to the side he brought down the whip onto the underside of her tits and again it ripped into her flesh and two more strikes left her tits held on by just the remnants of her bra. Somehow she was holding onto life. The audience were frenzied now and crying out to lay it on. But the executioner called the doctor in again. The doctor did not think the girl would survive being taken down from the cross again so he worked on stemming the blood while she hung there. Blood was pouring out of what remained of her vagina and all the doctor could do was to slap a red hot iron on the area between her legs to stop the bleeding. When the worst bleeding was under control. He had the guards rotate the cross until she was upright again. The doctor cut away her bra and as it fell open her left breast came away with it where it hung held on by a sliver of skin. The right breast was split through with a large flap of skin containing the nipple hanging off.

The three executioners stood around the girl each with a whip ready. "Ten each to fulfil the will of the court." The chief executioner called. Suddenly the girls eyes shot open and she looked round like she was looking for a way to escape. "Kill me, kill me Please I I can't die, kill me now, now." All three executioners standing round the cross pulled back their arms and started. The whips flew at a speed almost too fast to count or see. But the consequence of each blow could be seen. Like a chisel carving through stone the whips cut away at the girl, her left tit came off completely and her right was clearly detached as a whip came in and skimmed across her face opening her lip and cutting through her nose, a moment later an ear went. Another whip to her face took out her eye and for a few moments it hung on her cheek until another whip severed it. And with the last few whips landing across her stomach the wound opened and her guts where strewn across the platform right on Q the audience had reached the count of 200. The doctor walked on and supervised her removal from the cross, two guards gently took her down and laid her on a gurney while another scooped up her still attached insides and lay them beside her. The doctor moved the entrails to one side to check for vital signs and with a nod indicated that there was still a life sign. The guard took out his gun and stood over her, while a drum roll accompanied the dramatic coup de grace. Levelling the gun he fired at what remained of her face. Moments later she contorted and her twitching body was still at last. The doctor again checked for vital signs and declared her dead.

The young girl watching was being covered with spots of blood and was having her head turned by a guard so that she had to watch the terrifying ordeal. "Your next." He said. "But not an easy death like that. You will suffer."  