Kerry is Tempted Back to the Club
byLuckyDave1066©

Life had returned to something like normal for Kerry. She was working only at her "real" job as an administrative assistant for an engineering firm; five months had passed since her brief career as a part-time stripper had ended, and though her budget was a little tighter than it had been for a few months back in the summer she thought it was probably a good thing she'd given up her secret side gig before anyone she knew caught on to how she was spending her evenings.

"I only took that job to find out if Tony was cheating on me," she reminded herself whenever she caught herself daydreaming about her short but memorable time getting naked for tips. While it was true the original reason for taking the job had been to catch her husband misbehaving, it was harder for her to explain away how frequently she found herself reminiscing about her experiences, and how exciting they still were several months later.

Though the breakup of her marriage caused by his serial infidelities was still a source of pain, she was glad she'd found out about his behavior before they had a mortgage or children. More and more she was relieved to have left Tony, and tended to lump her time as a dancer together with the less savory side of her soon to be officially ex-husband. Thrilling as it sometimes had been, she was sure her time entertaining a club full of men was over.

The only signs visible at her job of the upheavals she'd been experiencing were her occasional distraction when someone or something reminded her of her recent troubles, her lack of a wedding ring, Tony's complete absence (in person as well as conversations) and a few changes in how she dressed. Though nothing blatant, several of the men in her office noticed Kerry sometimes wore shorter skirts than she used to or had fastened a button or two less of her blouse than she typically had before. The changes were subtle, but noticeable to the predominately male staff she worked with; none of them minded the occasional peek of a lacy bra or tops of her thigh high stockings.

The Thursday after Veteran's day was a day like any other for Kerry; she had a full load of typing up project field reports, helping to assemble proposals for new projects and filing meeting minutes; being busy was her preference, so she was enjoying keeping herself occupied by it all. The comfortable ordinariness of the day came to an abrupt end when she answered the phone late in the afternoon and immediately recognized the voice of Nick, the owner of the club she had danced at!

After a short exchange of pleasantries, Nick explained why he was calling, "I know it's a long shot, but I was wondering if, hoping really, you'd be available to come back and work a few hours tomorrow night? I know you said you were done dancing but I'm pretty desperate right now, the flu has knocked most of our dancers out, I'll be lucky to have more than two girls working tomorrow and there's a bachelor party scheduled."

"Looking around to be sure nobody was within earshot, Kerry answered, "Nothing personal, but I don't think that's such a good idea, it was in no way your fault, but I was in a pretty bad place when I was working for you. I'm trying to get my life back to normal, and I don't see returning to stripping as a step in that direction."

"I get it, your time working at my place isn't going to make it onto your resume," said Nick; "Like I said, I wouldn't have bothered you if I wasn't desperate."

"I'm a little insulted to hear I'm only worth contacting when you're desperate!" Kerry joked.

"You know that's not what I meant," Nick replied, "you're more than good enough to dance in my club anytime. I thought you might be tempted to make a comeback for just a couple hours, especially for what these guys are willing to pay. You'd be getting $900 from the 10 of them besides tips. I'll throw in another $500 myself just to be able to keep the rest of the club open on a Friday night."

"Wow, that's way, way more than my best night was when I was working for you, but I've never worked a party like that, or for that matter even any weekend nights. I tend to think those guys will be expecting a bit more than a striptease or two."

"They can expect whatever they want, but the only things I'm asking you to do are dance, get nude and give a few of them lap dances. Two or three sets together with some time hanging out should cover the time they're scheduled for." Taking her silence as a sign she might yet be persuadable, Nick pressed on, "I've got a new bouncer I'd station in the room, he's a former NFL lineman, so I don't think anyone attending the party will get too far out of line. If the two guys who came in to book the party are any indication of what the group is like they seem like a fairly tame bunch."

"I can't believe I'm even considering it, but let me think about it; when do you need to know by?"

"Any time before 8 PM tonight would be okay, thanks for not just saying no way and hanging up!"

After her conversation with Nick, Kerry was too distracted by the turn her afternoon had taken to get much work done. The last hour and a half of her time in the office was dominated by her thinking about Nick's offer. By the time she left the office she had more or less decided against even the brief return to stripping Nick had proposed; by the time her commute home was over she was about ready to call Nick and tell him she wouldn't be able to help him out.

But...

She looked at the clock in her car as she arrived at her apartment complex at the end of her drive home; still only 5:50, "He said he needed to know by 8:00 tonight, no need to let him know just yet." Not looking forward to calling with bad news, she told herself, "I'll call him right after dinner."

Thinking back on her time as a dancer as she prepared her meal it occurred to her that the negative feelings she had about it were largely due to it having been all about Tony and her reactions to his behavior. The brief stint she was now considering would have nothing to do with him; if she went ahead with this it would be because she wanted to. Did she actually want to? "I guess I do, at least a little bit," she thought, "I remember being curious about what went on at that kind of party when I was working in the club, but never being around one since I never worked on weekends."

As she thought more about it, she remembered seeing a movie years and years earlier with a bachelor party scene featuring strippers and having fantasized once or twice about being in that situation. She wondered if that all but forgotten fantasy might have been part of why she had been willing to work as a stripper at all.

Just as a practical matter, she knew the money Nick had mentioned would be pretty handy; without Tony's income she was barely able to keep current on her bills. She was making adjustments wherever she could, but just her rent and car payment took most of her paycheck; the extra boost in her income would let her catch up on her bills and maybe even save a little.

By the time Kerry had finished dinner and cleaned up, she had talked herself into taking Nick up on his offer! Her voice was a little shaky as she said hello, but she gave him the news he was hoping for. She quivered as she hung up, amazed at what she'd just agreed to.

Once she made her decision Kerry threw herself into preparing herself to be exposed from head to toe. There was extensive bathing, slathering her skin with various lotions, washing and conditioning her hair, new polish for all her nails, and removal of hair in areas nobody had seen recently but several men would be having a good look at in around 24 hours. Never having been the entertainment at a party, she wasn't sure which of her outfits would be best, so she just threw all her stripper gear into a duffle bag.

With all her physical preparations complete, Kerry sat down at her computer and began to research bachelor parties to get a better idea of what typically went on at one. It only took a few minutes watching videos and reading stories to thoroughly freak her out; she couldn't imagine doing most of what she saw, no way. Scenarios featuring strippers having all manner of sex with a roomful of strangers were way beyond anything she could handle. Thinking back to Nick's far less extreme list of her duties calmed her down and she did actually find a few ideas she might be able to use if the party was going well.

Friday might have been her least productive day at work ever. She was distracted, nervous and excited all at once. She caught herself zoning out thinking about her upcoming evening several times, staring at nothing in particular until some voice or noise brought her back to awareness of her present situation. She was lucky in that it was a particularly quiet afternoon, with over half of her co-workers taking the afternoon off for a golf outing. She left work at her usual time, 5:30, and after a quick stop at a store to pick up a few things headed straight to "The Doll Haus", hoping to get there well before the scheduled start time for the party.

Kerry thought the hour-plus drive seemed shorter than usual; it was nice that at least being incredibly nervous made the drudgery of her commute to the club go by more quickly than usual. After arriving she sat in her car a few minutes, feeling a little like backing out and knowing she wouldn't once she went inside. Taking a deep breath, she opened the car door, stepped out, took her duffle bag from the trunk and went in the employee entrance.

After dropping her duffle bag in the dancer's dressing room she went to find Nick, wanting to verify what was expected of her and where she could draw the line if the group pushed her beyond her comfort zone. She found him at the bar and had a reassuring talk, confirming her right to refuse any demands she wasn't comfortable with. She could feel the tension leave her and relaxed more than she'd been able to since Nick's call yesterday. With well over an hour to go before the start of the party, she had time for a glass of wine, which relaxed her a bit more. She was almost done with her wine when Nick pointed out a man at the end of the bar, "Looks like the first guest at your party has arrived, he came in to make the reservation last week. I asked him to bring a list of guys attending the party, I'll go see if he's brought it." As Nick talked with the partygoer Kerry studied him; pretty good looking, clearly in good shape, wearing a polo shirt, chinos, loafers. He looked pretty respectable at first glance, but her previous stint stripping had taught her that when in close proximity to a good looking naked woman respectable looking didn't necessarily mean well behaved.

Nick finished his conversation with the party guest and came back to join Kerry, waving a piece of paper. "Here's the list of guys expected for your party," he said, "looks like a couple guys dropped out, I only count eight names."

Kerry took the paper from Nick and quickly confirmed the count, pleased to have two fewer guys to keep happy even if it meant a somewhat smaller payday. After she noted the number she began looking at the names; Nick could see right away there was a problem as the color drained from her face. He knew it was something big when she dropped the paper and ran off to the dressing room without saying a word. He picked up the paper and followed her to the dressing room. "What's going on, what's wrong?" he asked after catching up with her.

"There's just no way I can be the entertainment for the group listed on that sheet of paper. Completely out of the question! I'm really sorry to leave you in the lurch like this, but I need to get out of here."

"Hold on, tell me what's wrong," Nick asked, "you were fine with the plan just a minute ago."

"Nick, five out of the eight names on the list are co-workers of mine at my real job!" Kerry sobbed, "I'd never be able to show my face there again! I remember now, Jason is getting married this weekend, his fiance must be from this area."

"If you can't, you can't," Nick said, "but what if you wore a wig and mask like you did here before when you didn't want your husband to recognize you?"

"I don't know, these guys see me every day, and even if they didn't see through the disguise I'm not sure if I could make myself strip in front of them!"

"I understand, I really do, but this really sucks. I'll have to pull Debbie off the floor to work the party, leaving only Gina on the stage as a one-woman rotation. That just won't work, I'll have to shut down the club except for the party."

As Nick slumped in a chair across from Kerry's dressing area she thought back to the last time she danced here. Her disguise had been good enough to fool Tony, who had seen her naked hundreds of times. She also remembered how stripping right in front of him without him realizing who he was watching had turned her on in a way she'd never experienced before. She began to think she could pull it off and felt a shiver go through her as she imagined being surrounded by the same men at work next Monday; would they let her in on how they'd spent their Friday night? The idea that they might tell her all about the hot stripper at Jason's bachelor party, oblivious to the fact they worked with her every day was too delicious!

"I'll do it, disguised," Kerry said, almost too softly for Nick to hear, "Try to get them liquored up before I go on, and explain the mask by giving them a story about me being a local girl who doesn't want her family to find out she's working as a stripper."

"You got it, and thanks, I owe you one!" said Nick before he dashed off to tell the bartender to treat the partygoers to an open bar before the party started. With around an hour to go before the start time the three early arrivals happily took advantage of the unexpected freebie.

Kerry was deep in preparations by the time most of her private audience arrived. She went about as dramatic as she ever did with her makeup, trying to look as little like a respectable receptionist as possible. The wardrobe choices she set out had a similar tendency, avoiding anything like a slutty office worker vibe, though she thought considering what she was getting ready for perhaps that description was appropriate!

She had just finished dressing for her first set when Nick returned, telling her: "They're all here, and most of them have got a good head start on free drinks at the bar while they were waiting for the groom and best man to show up, apparently they had a hard time getting free after the rehearsal dinner. Even if they could recognize you there's a fair chance that by tomorrow morning a lot of them won't remember anything that went on here tonight. Anytime you're ready I'll introduce you and give them a little talk covering the house rules.

"Ready as I'm ever likely to be, let's do this!" said Kerry, sounding more enthusiastic than she felt. She hovered outside the party room while Nick reminded them about the house rules and Terrell the bouncer, specifically how much they should want to avoid doing anything to require Terrell to intervene. Once the warnings were out of the way Nick had Terrell collect the guest's cell phones, telling them that a phone-free environment would allow everyone present to relax and enjoy themselves more fully. He then motioned for Kerry to come into the room as he gave "Elise" an introduction, explaining her Mardis Gras style mask as necessary to keep her line of work a secret from her family and encouraged the party-goers to make it worth her while.

With Nick's intro out of the way, Kerry strutted in to a warm round of shouts, whistles and catcalls. Without letting her concern show, she wondered if encouraging them to get drunk had been a good idea. "Oh well, too late to worry about that now," she thought as she made a lap around the room. For her first outfit she had chosen a tight cropped t-shirt, lacy red bra, matching lace thong and some really short denim shorts; judging by the reaction it seemed her audience approved. Kerry enjoyed the warm welcome, but knew however much they liked her current look the guys were more interested in seeing her clothes hit the floor than how they looked on her. By the end of the first song, she had begun heading in the direction they were hoping for, pulling her top over her head and tossing it into a corner of the room.

As the next song came over the speakers Kerry made a trip around the room, alternating between a couple ways of teasing her guests. For some, she leaned on their shoulders and waved her lace-covered boobs in their face, just an inch or two away from making contact; others were treated to her grinding her butt on their lap for a while. She was pleased to be able to feel unmistakable evidence the guys who got a mini lap dance were enjoying her act so far. Once she had given each guest some individual attention she moved to the center room, surrounded by the couches lining the space; she unsnapped and unzipped her shorts, then a little at a time worked them down, alternating between the left side and the right until her thong-clad ass was fully revealed. She let the shorts drop to the floor and kicked them over to the same corner her shirt had landed in, enjoying a new round of cheering and clapping.

Her ensemble reduced to some skimpy lingerie, Kerry started another trip around the room, this time concentrating on performing short lap dances for each of the guests. She was surprised how much more clearly she could feel their erections now that she was free of her shorts, then noticed that several of them had unbuttoned their pants and unzipped them as well! She wasn't sure if this latest development was just meant to improve their experience or if it was intended as an invitation for her to get more directly involved; she just continued her grinding tour around the room without comment, though she had to admit to herself that their adjustment did make her work more enjoyable.

Once her latest trip around the room was finished she went back to the middle of the space and teased her audience a while with several false starts at sliding her bra's straps down off her shoulders, drawing groans from the crowd, before finally, slowly, taking the straps down to stay, sliding her arms free. She strode over to the couch where Jason and Dan, his best man and one of the younger engineers in her office, were sitting. She turned and sat back on Dan's lap; holding her bra's cups in place, she asked him to help her out with the hooks. He was glad to help, deftly popping the hooks apart. She hopped off his lap and onto Jason's, keeping the bra in place but sliding her hands back so the cups were uncovered. She leaned back so her head was next to Jason's and asked if he'd like to finish taking her bra off. He grinned and nodded his head, then reached around her to cup her breasts; taking his time, he squeezed Kerry's breasts lightly a few times before getting on with pulling her bra off entirely. Though she wished Jason had taken longer to get her bra off, she found herself really getting turned on by being topless in front of half the men in her office! "If they only knew," she thought, "I'd love to see the look on their faces if I took off my mask!"

Now wearing only a tiny thong, Kerry made another lap around the room, this time giving each guest a short lap dance while facing them. She put her arms around each man's neck and pulled herself tight to them, grinding her chest side to side against them before moving on to the next guest! Towards the end of her lap around the room Tim, a drafter in her office, joked with her during his turn that the rule about not being able to touch her really sucked. "Be patient," she replied with a sly smile, "there might be some more opportunity for audience participation after I take a little break!" As she left Tim behind she noticed the head of his dick sticking up out of the waistband of his boxers! She couldn't help staring, trying to work out whether the boxers were riding low or if Tim was particularly well endowed; she filed the question away as a puzzle to be solved later, if at all. The buildup of arousal in both the group of party guests and more troubling, in her, made her glad she was about to have a break.

Her latest round of dances completed, she made an announcement:

"I need to take a break to change, and.."

One of the guys shouted an interruption, "Don't change! We love you as you are!"

Kerry laughed and replied, "Okay, wise ass, thanks for that. As I was trying to say, I need to get a few things ready for our next round of fun! Be sure to have some food and drink up before the second half of our party starts!"

Taking a quick rest back in the dressing room, Kerry tried to calm down and let her pulse settle down. Being exposed in front of her co-workers, even just topless, had turned out to be even more stimulating than she'd expected. Seeing Tim's erection was another surprise, she hadn't expected that from him, at work he always seemed pretty quiet, even formal. Whatever she thought tonight was going to be like, the situation she was in now was like some separate universe with its own set of rules for her to figure out on the fly.

The party guests snacked and caught up with their drinking in Kerry's absence; they had been too absorbed in her performance to think about their drinks, but now they made up for lost time. By the time she returned most of them were on their second drink of the intermission.

A loud cheer greeted Kerry as she entered the room for the second half of the party. She had on an outfit technically similar to one she might wear in the office; sweater, skirt, button down blouse, camisole, stockings, bra and panties. Though each item was a type of garment similar to her everyday look, these particular pieces of clothing were practically the definition of not safe for work. The sweater was more of a fishnet cover-up, the skirt a clingy knit barely long enough to cover her butt, the blouse lightweight silk and practically transparent, the camisole similar to the blouse but even more sheer, the stockings sheer black with some fine lace at their tops, the bra a lacy black shelf bra, the panties really just a g-string barely able to cover Kerry's pussy. Between all the various layers she was covered pretty well other than her legs, which the guys never came close to seeing this much of at work.

Acknowledging her fans with a broad smile and a wave, Kerry set a duffle bag down near the entrance to the room and danced her way to the center of the space. She motioned for the guys to quiet down so she could say something.

"Thanks a lot, you fellas are great. Does all this noise mean you want me to get naked?"

The predictable roar confirmed that they did.

"Well then, we should get going on that! Notice I said WE? I'd like you all to help me out of all these clothes; I'm wearing enough items right now for you each to remove one, how does that sound?

The cheering confirmed that they'd be happy to assist.

"Alright, lets get started!" she said with a smile, hoping they didn't notice her trembling. She headed over to one of the three guys she didn't know and sat on his lap with her back to him. After a while grinding her butt on his lap she told him it was time to help her undress. He slipped the sweater off her shoulders, taking his time removing it, massaging her shoulders and arms as it came off.

One garment removed, she stood up and motioned for quiet again, then said, "I forgot one small detail. You guys all seem pretty enlightened, I imagine you believe in equal opportunities for men and women, right?"

A positive but more subdued response, perhaps thinking about their wives and girlfriends currently at their own party.

"That being the case, I was thinking if you get to remove a piece of my clothing it would seem fair for me to be able to do the same for you, how does that sound?

A pause, then some pretty enthusiastic cheering.

"Good, then we're in agreement!"

She pointed at the man holding her sweater and said, "You owe me! Since we hadn't worked out the terms before we started I'll go easy on you for now." She knelt in front of him and untied his shoes, slipped them off and tossed them into the middle of the room.

Next up was another of the guys she didn't know. He received her standard grinding on his lap for a minute or so before she stopped gyrating and asked him to pick a piece of clothing. He pointed at her blouse; she nodded and leaned back against him as he reached around her and began undoing buttons. Kerry thought he was taking a lot longer with the buttons near her boobs than was strictly necessary, but didn't really mind. Once he'd finished unbuttoning the blouse he pulled it back over her shoulders and off her arms, draping it around his neck once he had finished removing it. Though her camisole covered almost as much as her blouse, with one less layer covering the sheer fabric of the camisole she was now giving the guys a pretty clear look at her nipples. "My turn!" she said as soon as he was done. She slipped off his lap, gripped the already opened waistband of his pants and yanked them down and completely off, working them over his shoes.

Next in line was Rory, a structural engineer from her office. She gave him the standard lap dance followed by an invitation to take off a piece of her clothing, and was surprised when he went for her shoes; surprised and a little disappointed. She took his pants as well.

Her next stop was the last guy she didn't work with, the best looking of the men present in her opinion. She gave him a little more intense dance than the others she'd done so far and was pleased when he told her he wanted her skirt. She smiled and stepped off his lap, turned to face him and leaned her forehead against his, telling him to go ahead and take it. He lifted the hem of her camisole enough to get to the top of her skirt, maybe a little more, then slipped four fingers and the palm of each hand inside the skirt and hooked his thumbs over the skirt's top edge. He slid the skirt ever so slowly down over her ass, with his open hands massaging her cheeks as they glided down towards her legs. Besides the pleasure she was getting from having this good looking stranger fondle her ass, she was excited knowing her co-workers were all watching as her skirt fell to the floor and her ass came into view. After stepping out of the skirt she took the stranger's pants, a little more slowly and with more physical contact than she had used before.

A little bit flustered by now, Kerry strutted over to give Larry, their office bookkeeper his turn. She was surprised when he chose to not chose to help strip her. He said he was here to party with Jason and the rest of the guys, but knew his wife would be upset if he did anything too raunchy. She kissed him on the cheek and told him his wife was a lucky woman before moving across the room to Tim.

Kerry was surprised but happy to see Tim hadn't bothered to cover up the head of his penis, still sticking up past the waistband of his boxers; if anything even more of his hard on was now out in the open, and he'd already slipped out of his pants! She put a little more intensity into his lap dance, surprising herself as much as him as she squirmed her way back on his lap until his cock was nestled snugly between her ass cheeks! She recognized she was getting into dangerous territory and reluctantly climbed off his lap and asked if he'd like to remove an article of her clothing. "I think I'll take your camisole," he said, smiling. She sat back on his lap and raised her arms as he wrapped his arms around her waist and slipped his hands under the hem of the smooth silk. He lifted the hem by sliding his hands up the front of her body, running his fingers over her uncovered nipples as he went. He lifted her camisole over her head and outstretched arms and draped it over his shoulder. Breathing rapidly and blushing deeply at having just been felt up in plain view by a co-worker while several others watched, it took Kerry a minute to be able to tell Tim what she wanted to take off him, but since he'd already taken his pants off the decision of what to remove was an easy one for her. "Those boxers are mine!" she said with a grin. She knelt in front of him and ran her fingertips up his thighs, tickling his balls lightly on the way up to grip the waistband, then pulled the boxers down his legs and off, sending them to join her collection in the middle of the room. She searched her memories of the fairly small number of erections she'd been this close to in her young life and decided the one Tim was now showing to half the office was the most impressive she had ever seen.

Down to just a bra which put her nipples on display, a tiny g-string and a pair of stockings, Kerry sauntered over to the couch where Jason and Dan sat. Approaching the best man first, she pressed his legs together and straddled them, leaning forward to rub her breasts on his chest while grinding her pussy over his erection, which though easily seen and felt was safely covered by his pants. She let herself enjoy some time dry humping him before sliding off and asking if he'd care to take a piece of clothing off her. He made a show of being unable to decide before pointing at her bra. She sat on his lap with her back towards him and resumed her slow grind on his erection. He slipped her bra's straps down off her shoulders, slowly sliding them down each arm, past the elbow and finally over her hands.

She leaned over to give him access to the hooks. He wrapped his left arm around her waist and raised his forearm up to hold what little fabric there was in place as he popped the hooks on the band around her back loose. He brought his right hand around her and cupped the underside of her right breast, slowly raising his thumb beyond the bra's lacy edge to caress her nipple; when Kerry didn't object to this level of gratuitous contact he repeated the process at her left breast, letting the skimpy bra drop away entirely. She lost track of time for a while as she let herself enjoy his caresses. Eventually, she became aware of the other guys staring and pulled Dan's hands away as she stepped off his lap.

She pointed to his pants, saying, "Too bad you didn't take them off before I got to you like Tim did, I could have taken your undies too!" She knelt between his legs and reached for the zipper and was startled when he stuck his hand down his pants just before she started to unzip them, but understood he was just trying to avoid injury when the removal of his hand after she was done with the zipper revealed that he wasn't wearing anything between his pants and himself. She was grateful she hadn't leaned forward any more than she had to unzip the pants; as it was his newly freed erection was too close to her face for her to focus on. The temptation to open her mouth and lean forward just a bit more was as strong as it was sudden, but she managed to shake the unexpected urge off and contented herself with leaving Dan half-naked as she moved on to the groom.

Stepping over to face Jason, Kerry asked what he'd like to change about her outfit, and offered a tongue in cheek apology: "Sorry there aren't many choices left."

"That makes my choice easy," said Jason, "It has to be the panties! But I'd rather watch you take them off if that's okay?"

"It's your party; if that's what you want then that's what we'll do!" she said, running her hands down over her breasts and across her belly before slipping her right hand into the front of her g-string as her left began to slide the skinny waistband down her hips, alternating between left and right sides. When she finally could feel the band slip below her ass she turned to present that side to Jason, bending at the waist as she pulled the tiny garment down her legs over her stockings, which were now only fabric left still in contact with her body. She did a little bow and asked if she could take a piece of clothing from him. She was more surprised than disappointed when he told her he'd enjoyed her show but had promised his bride-to-be that whatever temptations there might be at the party he'd keep his clothes on.

Kerry realized that the only three men at the party she knew to be married, engaged or seriously involved had all been pretty restrained, proof that not all men were like her ex. That left five others up for some naughtier activity. She had one more treat in mind for them, and herself as well.

She couldn't help thinking about how surreal her current situation was; she had nothing left on but a pair of stockings, having allowed herself to be stripped in part by a bunch of her co-workers. The idea of being naked in their midst had seemed like her worst nightmare when she first found out she'd signed up to strip for them, but her wig, mask, and the fact that never in a million years would they believe she'd do anything like this had combined to allow her this chance to see them in a setting she'd never have been privy to any other way. Her nightmare in the making had turned into a pretty arousing dream!

Moving to the corner of the room she had left her gear in, she made an announcement: "I was recruited to entertain you guys at the last minute, so I didn't have a chance to organize the food selections. It looks like the club came through with a fairly nice spread, I saw pizza, wings, chips and some cheese and crackers; but nobody seems to have done anything about getting you guys any dessert! The good news is that I DID remember to bring something to be the finishing touch for the dessert we don't have; with what I brought and a little creativity I think you can have a nice treat after all!"

As her curious audience looked on Kerry reached into her bag and pulled out a large aerosol can of whipped cream and a towel! An appreciative cheer rang out as she held the can high and shook it up to prepare the first guest's serving. She strode over to the same stranger she had begun her recent round of clothing removal with, spraying a generous helping of whipped cream on her breasts! He eagerly removed every trace of cream, leaving her nipples hard and glistening.

After wiping her chest off with a towel, Kerry moved to another of the three strangers, deciding to go around the room in the same order as before. The second guest got the same treatment; she almost jumped when he tongued and sucked on her nipples, going way beyond what was needed to clean off every bit of cream. After the initial shock she found herself enjoying his attentions!

Next up was her co-worker Rory; she remembered he had been pretty restrained before. Thinking he might be too shy to lick her breasts, she sprayed the whipped cream on her neck and upper chest. It seemed like the right level of raunchiness for Rory, as he dove right in as Kerry leaned over to let him reach the cream.

The handsome stranger was next in order; since he'd given her ass so much attention while removing her skirt she sprayed a generous portion of cream on her butt cheeks. He leaned over to get his mouth low enough to reach her ass and happily cleaned all signs of whipped cream away.

Blushing deeply and laughing, Larry passed on his chance to lick her breasts.

Moving on to Tim, Kerry noticed he still hadn't put on his boxers or pants. She sat on his lap but was careful to not sit too close to his still impressive erection; even being cautious she was nervous having her naked pussy just inches away from his dick. After he had hungrily cleaned the cream off her breasts he surprised her by grabbing the can and spraying whipped cream all over his cock, grinning and saying: "Your turn!" For a second or two she actually thought about several possible ways to clean the cream off which Tim would have loved, but without missing a beat she folded up her towel so it was several layers thick and roughly dragged it over the whipped cream covered dick, clearing most of the cream off without providing Tim with much pleasure.

Moving on to the couch where Jason and Dan were sitting, Kerry offered Jason first choice of spots on her body to lick cream off, but he passed, saying, "You have no idea how much I'd like to, but I can't take a chance on word getting back to my fiance that I'd been licking a stripper! Please give my serving to Dan, he's had a lot of work to do as my best man and nobody will object to whatever he does with you." Jason left the couch and went across the room to talk with some of the guys they both worked with. Once he had left she noticed that she and Dan were alone at their side of the room.

"Okay, then, a double helping for Dan it is!" said Kerry; she'd always thought Dan was kind of cute and had enjoyed the way he made her feel tonight, so she was happy to give him some extra attention. She loaded up her breasts with whipped cream, practically making a cream bra to serve up to the best man. She straddled his legs and he pulled her in close and took advantage of the large helping, slowly working his way from the areas farther from her nipples in toward them, eventually sucking them into his mouth and swirling his tongue around them a few times. She appreciated the difference between Dan and Tim's techniques; while Tim was better endowed she was pretty sure Dan would be far more exciting to be with. She was enjoying being licked clean so much she didn't notice at first that she had slid far enough forward that her pussy lips were just grazing his cock! The head was raised high enough that there was no way he would penetrate her without her changing her position; it startled Kerry but she enjoyed the feeling.

"Now for your second helping," she said, covering basically the same area of her chest as before, but adding some cream on her belly a few inches below her breasts. He pulled her in close again and enjoyed himself as the the area covered with cream grew smaller. As he started to work on her belly she pulled herself higher so he could reach the area below her breasts. She felt her soft inner lips slide up his cock, eventually getting high enough to begin to feel its head. She slid down a bit, then raised herself just a little more than before. She shuddered as she felt the tip of Dan's cock probing the soft wet folds of her pussy; it had been a long time since she'd enjoyed this particular sensation and she didn't want it to end right away. She knew she should back off, but instead started to lower herself on him, rocking her pelvis just enough to allow him to enter her.

"Are you sure? " he asked.

"Is anyone paying attention?" she asked.

"I think Tim is, but all the others are getting some food."

"I don't care if you don't..." as she eased herself down on him she whispered in his ear, "just fuck me!"

Overcome by the intensity of what they were doing, Kerry and Dan both came fairly quickly, so aroused by screwing with assorted friends and co-workers hovering at a buffet table less than thirty feet away that their orgasms happened before anyone but Tim noticed; Kerry was far from quiet as she came, but the music pulsing through the club covered her moaning. She separated herself from Dan and ran to the dressing room, flushed from exertion and blushing beet red. She dressed in her street clothes and stayed hidden away until Nick told her all the guests had left, then went back to the party room to collect her things.

Nick found her gathering up her scattered bits of clothing and handed her an envelope stuffed with cash; together with the tips she'd gathered in her garter her pay for the night came to nearly $1,900. "You really came through for me, I can't thank you enough," he said.

As she made her long drive home Kerry thought about how surreal her last 36 hours had been. After living a chaste homebody's life the last five months she'd gone completely to the other extreme.

She'd stripped naked.

She'd asked a roomful of men, several of whom she worked with, to help strip her themselves.

She'd encouraged them to lick several parts of her body!

And to top off her evening, she'd screwed one of her five colleagues in attendance! 

With a half dozen other people in the room!

With at least one actually watching!

And enjoyed every bit of it!

"What's wrong with me that not only lets me do this crazy shit but actually makes me enjoy it?" she wondered.

Kerry slept in Saturday morning and had a quiet rest of the weekend, mostly hanging out at home.

Monday morning at work, Kerry couldn't help thinking that the men she'd been with Friday night somehow knew her secret. She watched for any sign that they were looking at her differently, but by lunchtime she felt pretty sure none of them realized it was her they had been entertained by.

Finally confident that her secret was safe, she joined a few of the guys as they all ate lunch together in the office break room. She looked around the table and wondered quietly how many of her lunch companions had unknowingly enjoyed a fantasy featuring her since Friday night! She couldn't help playing with them a little, asking, "So, did you guys go out and watch some strippers Friday?"

"Uh, why would you think that?" One of them asked.

"I know a bunch of you are friends with Jason, I just assumed there must have been some kind of bachelor party. Come on, fess up, I won't tell your wives!"

"Well, there was one stripper," said Tim, "Great body and pretty hot behavior. Fucked Dan."

"Too much information!" she said with a laugh, as Dan snorted some of the water he was drinking out of his nose. 

