Author: Pescador del Valle
Title: Boy Meets Girl Meets Girl
Part: Chapter 18 of 25
Universe: PdV's Boy Meets Girl Meets Girl
Summary: A romantic view of the unusual erotic encounters
         of three older teenagers
Keywords: mfF, mf, oral, voy, rom
Language: English
Copyright: 2003

*********************************************
*                  WARNING!                 *
* This text file contains sexually explicit *
* material. If you do not wish to read this *
* type of literature, or you are under age, *
*      PLEASE DELETE THIS FILE NOW!!!!      *
*********************************************

Comments appreciated : 
  see Pescador del Valle on www.asstr.org/authors.html
*********************************************************

Cilla, Sonia and I had forged an unlikely and highly 
erotic three-way relationship.  Together with my brother 
Rick and his girlfriend Renate we were to spend the next 
four days camping in idyllic bushlands.

*********************************************

We had some fun with Renate when it was time for a shower 
before bed.

Rick and I had set up a camp shower when we had first 
arrived.  A black plastic container full of water had 
been hoisted above head level to absorb the sun's heat 
during the day.  So long as we didn't take too long there 
would be enough water for us all; sharing the shower 
tended to leave more so this was encouraged.

Renate had joined us skinny-dipping during the day but 
was not as comfortable sitting around naked.  It also 
made one more susceptible to insect bites and sunburn so 
when Cilla and I were forced to return to camp wearing 
only our footwear (thanks to our compassionate fellow 
campers) we dressed ourselves to sit around talking.

It had been a long day and we weren't interested in any 
further expeditions; a simple meal, a game of cards and 
some pleasant conversation were sufficient activity for 
the rest of the afternoon.

There were a number of reasons why it was better to clean 
up while there was still plenty of daylight.

Firstly, one could, obviously, see what one was doing 
without the need for a lantern;

Secondly, the water hadn't had a chance to cool down; and

Thirdly, and most importantly, the mosquitoes got 
friskier after dark.

For Renate, the advantage of waiting was a little more 
privacy.

Well if she wanted to wait that would be her business.

Rick couldn't get her to share a shower with him but was 
willing to keep trying so we decided to take our turn 
first.

I stripped my clothes off and soaped myself up at a wash 
basin next to the car.  What water was available in the 
shower was too important to waste on preliminaries.  I 
looked over at Cilla and Sonia.

"Going to join me?" I picked up the shampoo and a towel 
and walked over to the shower.  Well it wasn't the first 
time that day that I had paraded around the campsite 
wearing only my sandals.

Cilla and Sonia shucked off their clothes and tossed them 
on top of mine inside our tent before helping each other 
with their ablutions.  They hurried over to where I was 
waiting.

We stood together in a sudsy cuddle as I opened the 
faucet causing a warm spray to descend over us.

We moved around and Rick and Renate watched from their 
camp chairs as various hands moved over different bodies, 
helping to get them clean.  I got the shampoo and asked 
"Who's first?"

"Me" said Sonia and I gave a squirt onto her head.  Cilla 
helped me rub it into a lather, standing behind Sonia as 
Sonia hugged me.  We gave her a nice scalp massage, 
albeit a quick one, before rinsing the suds off.

Our observers were a little stunned to notice my 
erection, though on reflection they realised its 
inevitability.  Nudity was one thing, an overt display 
another!

What made it "worse" was Sonia's use of the suds flowing 
down her body to make sure it too was nice and clean.  
She wasn't pumping me but rather used both hands to ease 
the suds around my member and then she looked down at it 
as she let the spray wash them away.

Her hair rinsed, she made way for Cilla.  It wasn't 
really practical for her to reach up so she put her arms 
around Cilla while I shampooed and rinsed the long 
tangled tresses.  Unseen by the campers, Cilla reached 
back and stroked between Sonia's legs as Sonia hugged her 
gleefully.

In an attempt to leave plenty of water for two separate 
showers (that shouldn't be a problem unless they stayed 
under for umpteen minutes each) I leaned over to let the 
girls have access to my head.  It was pleasant having one 
stand at each side, a breast nudging each shoulder as 
they took turns running their fingers through my soapy 
hair.

I looked up into the spray to wash the last of the soap 
from my eyes and the reached to turn off the flow of warm 
water.  Cilla handed me a towel and we took turns drying 
each others hair, backs and then - shock, horror - made 
sure our fronts were dry as well.

I thought that the extra attention being taken between my 
legs was going a bit far myself and restricted my actions 
to a simple patting dry of each girl's thighs, working my 
way up from ankle to pussy, and pretty ass.

Towels over our shoulders, we walked unconcernedly back 
to the tents.

"It's free", I unnecessarily remarked as we ducked into 
the tent to don some fresh clothes to sit around in until 
bed time.  "Not too late", I thought.  After all I had 
had such a long drive that I MUST be incredibly tired; 
the prospect of sharing the tent with two lovely ladies 
(I couldn't say maidens any more) didn't even enter into 
it.  Look, a flying pig!

Rick tried one more time.  "Sure you wouldn't like your 
hair washed?"

"Okay then" She ducked into the tent and to his 
disappointment came out a couple of minutes later in the 
bathing suit she hadn't had available earlier.  "Oh 
well", Rick thought.

He however was standing waiting with only his towel, and 
that over his shoulder.  He felt a little silly but 
figured at least she was sharing the shower with him.  
Who knew what the next night might bring.

Renate walked with him to the shower and looked back at 
the camp.  While there was still enough light to see, the 
sun had gone down while she was changing and it was 
darkening quickly enough to preserve her modesty 
somewhat, especially since we were still in the tent.

She whipped off her bikini and hung it up on the branch 
we had used as a towel rail then moved in to hug my 
equally naked brother before he turned on the water.

Renate had picked up the soap rather than washing first - 
after all there was no-one to save the water for - and 
started soaping up Rick's back.

With her body pressed hard against his, Rick had some 
difficulty both in being able to wash her long hair and 
in dealing with the boner rising between her legs.

"There will be time for that later", she scolded gently, 
reaching down to give it a quick squeeze.  Rick sped up 
his efforts, the sooner to get the shower over with.  He 
too suddenly decided that he was tired and probably 
needed to turn in early.

Like me, Rick had to lean over to give Renate free access 
to his head.  We both could have done it ourselves but 
what's the point in showering with someone and then not 
making use of each other regardless of ease and 
efficiency.

In bending down his face was brought level with her ample 
bosom and, when she had finished rinsing the suds away, 
he took the opportunity to suck one nipple into his 
mouth.

Renate stood there with one hand holding his head to her 
and the other resting on his shoulder.  She pressed his 
mouth harder against her tit as his tongue made her 
nipple grow.  "Mmm, that's nice."

This tableau was suddenly brilliantly lit as I turned on 
the spotlight which ran from the car's battery.  There 
she stood, naked and wet, in probably more ways than one 
by the looks, while my brother was bent over, his 
erection standing out and angled down, prominent in the 
bright light.

Sonia and Cilla added to the clapping and catcalls.

Renate turned her back to us and wrapped her towel around 
her while Rick took the opportunity to bow for his 
audience behind her unknowing back.  As he straightened 
with arms raised I suppose he did qualify for a 
"standing" ovation.

Renate passed him his towel and retrieved her bikini.  
She walked back, shielding her eyes from the glare and 
poked her tongue out at us when she got near.

"I'm sorry", the insincerity dripped from my voice.  "I 
thought you might need to see what you were doing."

As I have said, it was one thing to be casually naked 
with s when we were all in the pool but Renate still felt 
a bit self-conscious about openly appearing to flaunt 
herself.  While she pretended to be a little upset she 
was actually quite pleased that she had had a couple of 
opportunities that day to show herself off with perfect 
deniability.  She had especially liked spreading her 
pussy to my full view while just "innocently" laying back 
in the water of our spring-fed swimming hole.

While not trying to compete with her best friend Sonia 
(or was it Cilla that she wasn't competing with?), Renate 
was pleased that for a while she had been the centre of 
male attention.

She crawled into the smaller tent, not realising 
(possibly) the view she gave us from behind while Rick, 
sheepishly grinning and enjoying the show just as much, 
followed.

I doused the light.

Like Sonia and Cilla, Renate was wearing a large t-shirt 
that could also serve as a nightie.  Unlike them, she 
also wore a pair of utilitarian cotton knickers.

Rick matched my baggy shorts and t-shirt and we sat 
chatting around the remains of a small fire while we had 
a hot drink and nibbles in the fragrant (?) citronella 
fumes from the mosquito flares.

There was a fair bit of eye contact going on between we 
three; Rick and Renate were sitting next to each other 
and had to make do with holding hands.  A few judicious 
yawns and my brother was offering to put out the fire, 
letting me get to my bed.

Cilla and Sonia turned in too.  Surprise!

Renate watched Rick perform his tasks then took his hand 
and stepped into his open arms for a kiss.  "Come to 
bed", she whispered.

Rick was a bit nervous as he followed her into the small 
tent.  There was just room to stand in the middle but it 
was more comfortable sitting than bent partly over.

He came up behind Renate as she was bending down to move 
some things off of the doubled up sleeping bag and put 
his arms around her.

Her dangling breasts filled his cupped hands and he 
kneaded them softly.  Renate murmured her approval and 
wiped her butt back and forth against his crotch.  A 
growing erection dug into her.  "Finally!  Alone", she 
thought with relief.

Renate's parents were protective of their only child but 
not really overly strict, she had managed to talk them 
into this holiday after all, but they did keep reminding 
her of things, especially where boys (or rather young 
men) were concerned.

She suffered a bit of the "in the old country" style 
comments but her parents weren't that bad.  They realised 
that the society their daughter was growing up in was not 
the same that they had experienced when young and only 
sought to guide her so that the mistakes that she would 
inevitably make in charting a course for her own life 
would be as inconsequential and painless as possible.

Renate TRIED to do what they wanted (well most of the 
time) but this week she wanted to try some things of her 
own and one of them was currently pushing against her ass 
in a very pleasing way.

Rick reluctantly released her as she sunk to her knees 
and then joined her as she lifted the t-shirt over her 
head.

"Aren't you getting undressed?" she asked.  In the light 
of the moon the pale areas stood out from the darker 
tanned regions; two white triangles that curved where the 
material of her bikini had followed the arc of each 
breast.

Rick got rid of his t-shirt and lay back to pull his 
shorts and briefs off.  "Let me", said his girlfriend, 
impatient for adventure.  She drew them down to his 
ankles and cast them aside before returning her gaze to 
his rampant cock.

"What about you?" he asked.  Renate considered her own 
brief panties.  "Would you like to remove them?" She 
tried to sound seductive.  I don't think he would have 
noticed if she had hollered like a sergeant at boot camp; 
he was too busy getting into position to help.

Renate leaned back and her panties were swiftly removed 
leaving her carefully trimmed bush bare before her 
boyfriend's staring eyes.

It was the first time that they had been alone and naked 
together.  The brief spell in the shower didn't really 
count as they weren't sure when their audience had 
arrived.

Rick had seen her body from another angle earlier in the 
day but was mesmerised with the first live pussy he had 
been close to.

"Kiss me", asked Renate and Rick took the opportunity to 
misunderstand her.  He planted his lips over the narrow 
bar of fur remaining on her pubic mound.

It wasn't what she had meant but Renate spread her legs 
offering him better access if he was so inclined.

He was.  He started to lay down when he heard the buzz of 
a mosquito.
 
"Sorry." He hurriedly zipped up the flyscreen and turned 
back to the girl whose treasures were lewdly displayed 
before him.  "Where were we?"

He didn't expect a response and got none.  Renate's open 
legs beckoned him and he lay down with his face between 
her thighs.

With a little difficulty due to the dim light and 
slightly cramped conditions (his knees were bent to allow 
them both to lie down in the confines of the tent), Rick 
looked at the pussy in front of him.  It was fascinating 
but a little scary.

What was he supposed to do first?  What if he couldn't 
stand the taste?  How would Renate react then?  Was she 
ready to be touched there?  How on Earth did you tell?  
Perhaps he should have started elsewhere!

They had had the odd fumbled grope on a couple of 
occasions but circumstances had always seemed to conspire 
against them.  Rick had had his hand inside his 
girlfriend's knickers but hadn't reached past her narrow 
bush or the outer surface of her vulva.

This was unknown territory and he felt very insecure!

"Try to act romantic!" he told himself.

Rick placed a kiss over the bare slit and then another on 
her pubes and then below her navel.  He worked his body 
up over Renate as he made his way between her breasts, 
over her neck ("Got a response there") and finally to a 
more familiar pair of lips that kissed back.  "Coward!" 
he thought with some relief.

He let Renate bear part of his weight as she wrapped her 
arms around her then moved over one side so that only his 
chest rested on her.

He was more comfortable kissing.  He wanted to do more 
but figured if he took it slowly he would be better able 
to recover from any faux pas and to pick up hints as to 
what to do and what not to do.  The last thing he wanted 
was to show his loved one exactly how inexperienced he 
was.

Renate had let him kiss her breasts under the shower and 
he moved his hand up to caress one now.  At least this 
was familiar territory.

They lay there for a little while kissing and petting as 
their youthful passions quickly grew.  Rick got bolder 
and leaned down to take Renate's nipple in his mouth.

"Not so hard."

He mumbled a muffled "Sorry" past the tit blocking his 
mouth and concentrated on licking rather than sucking.

One hand was resting across Renate's hip and he moved it 
down to caress her thigh.

Renate parted her legs slightly at the touch and Rick 
took this as an encouraging sign.  He stroked the smooth 
flesh along her leg, easing his hand closer to her pussy 
with each upwards pass.

Renate in turn made the passage of his hand easier and 
lifted her hips in anticipation of the contact.  She had 
limited experience touching herself; her parents insisted 
that "good girls don't do that".

What attempts she had made had been pleasant but she had 
always stopped before orgasm, guilty over her conduct.

She had hoped Rick would have tried to eat her pussy when 
he was in position earlier, having heard stories of how 
good it felt but not yet realising his own inexperience.  
It was nearly a case of the blind leading the blind.

Still, what he was doing had excited her so far and her 
body instinctively yearned for the genital contact that 
was about to occur.

Rick's fingers brushed over the puffy softness of her 
outer lips and around the patch of fluff she had left 
when trimming herself to match her bikini.  She had 
actually gone overboard; her mother wouldn't have let her 
wear something THAT narrow but she liked the look herself 
and she figured the rest of our group had been impressed 
at her earlier debut so it couldn't be too bad.

Rick was carefully feeling his way around.  Was Renate a 
virgin?  And where exactly was her hymen?  Was her vagina 
actually sealed over or was her cherry inside and, if so, 
how deep?  Maybe his concerns were for nothing.  She 
might not be a virgin.

Now he was really worried.

How would he compare against a past lover?  Oh shit!  He 
was sure he would botch things up.

There was nothing for it - he would have to make a clean 
breast of it.  He released the breast he had already 
licked clean and looked through the dimness to Renate's 
face.

She had opened her eyes at the cessation of the pleasant 
sensations and looked back at the young man she had 
fallen in love with.

"I'm sorry.  I don't want to disappoint you so I thought 
I'd better tell you I'm a little new to this.  I've never 
actually done anything like this and I don't want to hurt 
you by being clumsy or anything."

Renate looked at him in amazement.  Here she thought she 
was the odd one out and that everyone at school was going 
at it like rabbits but her.  It certainly had seemed so 
to her to see how Sonia and I had behaved at times when 
we didn't realize she was paying attention.  That's why 
she was so puzzled about the way Sonia reacted to Cilla 
and I being together.

Still her thoughts weren't on us but rather on the youth 
in front of her.  No-one else had had him and if she had 
any say no-one else would.  She might not be quite the 
"good girl" her parents expected but she was fiercely 
monogamous.

"What makes you think I'm any different?" she asked with 
a smile.  "Think of the fun we will have learning 
together."

Rick was pleased at the implied statement of virginity 
(her response didn't cause him to return to his earlier 
chain of thoughts about cherries) overlooking the fact 
that she hadn't actually stated there had been no-one 
else.

In fact she had, when younger, spent a good deal of time 
visiting with a second cousin only a few days older and 
they had indulged in various games of "show and tell" and 
"doctors" which had involved a good deal of mutual 
examination and tentative touching (pleasant but not 
"Pleasant!") until the day when his mother had led hers 
into the spare room where her cousin stood before her 
with his pants around his ankles.

That had been the end of her unsupervised time with her 
cousin and the start of the "good girls don't" lectures.

In truth it had all been pretty innocent and, as far as 
Renate was concerned, didn't count.

She tried to reassure and encourage her now timid 
boyfriend.  "What you were doing was nice.  Why don't you 
suck on my tit a bit more and just ease your finger into 
my pussy where it's wet."

Renate could feel that his interrupted loving had been 
having an effect "down under" and that her pussy was 
ready for more than just his touch.

Rick lay back down, spending some time getting to know 
her other tit better, and moved his hand back into 
position.

Renate had said it was wet.  Just where?  He wriggled his 
finger and it widened the gap between her outer cunt 
lips.  Mo moisture there!

Her inner lips were tightly stuck together and there was 
no easy access where his finger was currently trying to 
ease a path.  "Try elsewhere", he thought.

His finger moved down the puffy lips, heading towards her 
asshole, a destination he didn't even consider.  It 
travelled over the soft flesh until he felt dampness and 
moved his finger to search for the source.

As he probed gently, the lips parted and his finger sunk 
to the first knuckle into a slimy pool.

Rick moved his finger back towards Renate's clit until 
the moisture had been transferred from finger to lips.  
He went back for more and continued painting her pussy 
with his finger.  The tent filled with the fragrant scent 
of an aroused woman.

Rick used his finger as a plough, digging a moist furrow 
between the lips as the juices allowed them to part.  He 
repeated the process until the whole of Renate's bare 
pussy was covered with an unseen sheen and his fingers 
had free passage over the whole region.

A second finger joined the first, to be lubricated and 
then to massage those private lips.  He let them run down 
the small smooth area between fine minora and flat wide 
majora.  They reached over the little flap of skin formed 
at the end of those delicate folds and lovingly bruised 
the sides of the hood that hid the sensitive little 
nubbin of Renate's clitoris.  

"Oh yes.  That's nice."

Rick figured if a little was nice, more would be better 
and began rubbing harder over her clit until she 
hurriedly put a hand on his to get him to stop.

"Softly and slowly is better."

Not expressed as a criticism but more as an instruction, 
Rick took it to heart and modified his actions.  He had 
to get more of the slippery fluid with two fingers 
spreading it around and the spring seemed to be running 
dry.  Had he missed the spot?

Rick slid his fingers around, finding there were more 
juices just inside the warm hole protected by her lips.

He pushed one finger carefully in and when it met no 
resistance went deeper.  his hand pressed against the 
entrance to Renate's vagina before the finger bottomed 
out.  Did that mean she wasn't a virgin?  But she'd 
said...?  His thoughts were confused.

It became more of an issue than his own driving needs.  
If she wasn't, she would be less likely to knock him 
back, wouldn't she?

He gave up and concentrated on making fucking motions 
with his finger, adding a second to help fill the 
opening.  They at least seemed to be appreciated.  He 
moved his face up to Renate's and received a passionate 
kiss for his efforts.  Her hand held his head as her lips 
crushed against his mouth and her tongue fiercely probed 
that orifice.

Rick's fingers slid out of the wet hollow and roamed the 
surface again.  He found her clit without realising it 
and was rewarded by an even greater level of osculation.

Renate broke the kiss to gasp, "Have you got protection?"

"Huh?"

"A condom - where are your condoms?"

"Uhm.  I didn't bring any."

Renate's pleasure was abruptly halted.  Rick's finger was 
still pressing in a very nice manner but Renate was 
looking forward to taking their relationship further - 
okay, she was ready for some hot fucking - but she wasn't 
ready to risk getting pregnant.

She sat up and closed her legs after lifting Rick's hand 
out of the way.  "You WHAT?"

Rick shrugged sheepishly.  "Sorry.  I didn't really 
expect ... Well I've never ... Oh, I'm sorry!"

Had he blown his chances, perhaps for good?

"It's all right.  It's just you were making me feel so 
good and I wanted ... you know."

Rick thought to himself.  "Maybe Glyn has some.  Would he 
share?"

He considered his plight - If I said "Yes" all would be 
okay; well I would know why he wanted one, but that would 
be better than missing out.

If I said "No" he would be no worse off other than the 
previously stated revelation of what he and Renate were 
up to.

Since that wouldn't have been too unexpected given the 
tent allocation he decided to risk it.

"Wait here.  I might have a solution."

He grabbed his shorts and scrambled out before Renate 
could ask any questions.  Pausing only to cover himself 
he quietly sneaked over to the larger tent.  Were we 
asleep?

I had left the flaps over the mesh windows open to let as 
much breeze to flow through the tent as possible and Rick 
approached one in the hopes of attracting my attention 
without disturbing the girls.

He was therefore surprised when the light from the moon 
allowed him to clearly see us as he stood to one side of 
the window.

Sonia's voice came softly through the night, "That's nice 
Glyn, lick there."

He peeked around to get a better view.  I lay prone, 
Sonia was seated on my face and he could see Cilla's head 
bobbing over my hips.

The erection that had subsided on his admission of his 
lack of forethought rapidly returned.  He actually stood 
for a while watching with his hand moving over the 
rampant pole before he realised what he was doing and, 
probably more importantly, what he was seeing.  "Renate 
should see this", he thought.

He stealthily returned to where she was impatiently 
waiting.  "Quickly come with me.  You have to see this 
but don't make any noise.  No.  Don't bother to get 
dressed.  There's no time and it won't matter.

Renate was puzzled over her boyfriend's behaviour but the 
urgency was obvious and there really wasn't anyone around 
to see her that hadn't already copped an eyeful.

Rick led her by the hand to our tent and held her 
shoulders as he positioned her in front of him by the 
window.  He pushed her slightly forward so they could 
both see what was going on without being noticed.

The tableau was much the same except Sonia was now 
leaning forward as she sat on my face and I was cupping 
her breasts.

Cilla had stopped bobbing and was instead just using her 
tongue with incredible skill.  The observers could hear 
my muffled appreciation.

Rick reached around his girlfriend as he stood with his 
covered erection pressing against her ass and cupped a 
firm breast in each hand.  As he massaged her tits and 
passed his thumbs over her nipples Renate hummed softly 
and rubbed that pert derriere across his crotch.

The show went on in much the same way with an occasional 
encouraging comment from Sonia.

Rick moved his right hand down between Renate's thighs 
and stroked her pussy.  He had to lean a little and that 
left a gap between his crotch and her ass which Renate 
quickly filled with her own hand.

She rubbed him through his pants as he tickled her pussy 
while they watched, both entranced by the unsuspecting 
trio.

"Not good enough", she thought and released his prick 
long enough to slip her hand inside the waistband.  "Much 
better."

With the stimulation of her pumping action adding to the 
erotic display inside the tent Rick was hard put not to 
come.  He steeled himself, resolving to try to get Renate 
to come close to, if not before, him.  He redoubled his 
efforts to bring her to climax.

Inside Cilla unintentionally helped them both.  She sat 
up displaying her magnificent breasts.  My rigid prick 
was only briefly visible before she covered it, sinking 
it quickly into her hot pussy.  She failed to notice the 
faces peering in at an angle behind her.

"Oh that feels nice.  It's good to get to spend the night 
together and not be rushed.  How is it your end, Sonia?"

Sonia giggled.  "My end is wet and squishy and being 
licked nicely thanks.  He keeps bringing me to a peak and 
then stopping until I calm down again.  It's bloody 
frustrating but I think I could take it all night if his 
tongue doesn't get tired."

"Well I'm not waiting any longer. I need a good fuck so 
watch out when he comes."

She started rapidly moving her hips forwards and back and 
Renate matched the tempo with her hand.  Rick hadn't 
thought seriously about my loves in a sexual sense; 
everyone looks admiringly at a gorgeous woman with an 
"I'd like to screw her" type thought but not necessarily 
going into detail.

He'd restricted those fantasies recently to the young 
woman currently in his arms but as the view was 
synchronised with the sensations coming from inside his 
pants his mind started seeing himself in my place with 
Cilla grinding her pussy on his cock instead.

He gripped Renate's tit, fortunately not too tightly and 
worked his fingers over her pussy as hers were suddenly 
coated with a hot sticky fluid that pulsed out of the 
prick she was pumping.

The knowledge that she had brought him off added to the 
pleasurable images and even more pleasurable sensations 
he was causing and she had to bite on her hand to stop 
the cries of ecstasy that would have revealed their 
presence to the three people attempting to reach their 
own climaxes.

Rick stopped his efforts when Renate squeezed hard on his 
dick.  It seemed an efficient way of saying "no more".

What a mess though!

Renate removed her slime covered hand and turned her 
naked body to give Rick a quick kiss and hug before 
indicating that they should move away.  It looked like 
they wouldn't need the condom after all; at least not 
immediately.

They walked hand in not-sticky hand over to the wash 
basin by the car.  Renate cleaned herself before turning 
to an embarrassed Rick.  "Sorry", he whispered, "I 
couldn't stop when I realised I was going to come.  I 
didn't mean to get it all over you."

"It isn't a problem.  Better over me than in me if we 
don't have protection.  I really don't mind.  It was 
exciting to feel you come and you made me come - it was 
the first orgasm I've had, you know."

She hugged him and then became more maternal.  "Come on, 
get your shorts off and I'll wash you then we can get 
back to bed."

"You don't have to."

"I want to." She pulled them down and applied the, 
unfortunately cold, wash cloth to his privates.

The shorts were discarded at their tent and Rick followed 
that sweetly displayed ass into the tent for the second 
time that night, her pussy lips clearly visible as she 
bent to enter.

They got into the sleeping bags this time and just held 
each other, embracing, kissing and occasionally stroking 
until they dropped off to sleep.  

Rick wasn't jealous; he figured a bush in your hand was 
worth two birds in the bush.  And with Renate's bush 
filling his hand as he stroked her pussy, any thoughts of 
me curled up with Sonia and Cilla were far from his mind.

The evening had certainly gone much differently than they 
had expected even in their proverbial wildest dreams; and 
some of their dreams that night were certainly wild.

-----

Cilla was up shortly later to wash off the semen seeping 
out of her cunt before retiring for the night.  She found 
the washcloth still wet which surprised her as there had 
been plenty of time for it to drip reasonably dry since 
we had washed before our showers.

She glanced over at the smaller tent and returned to 
sleep in the arms of her lovers.

