Title: Esoterotic Union
Author: bobwhite
Summary: Three thousand miles can only keep lovers apart if they
allow it to keep them apart.
Keywords: FF, Fsolo, mc

Esoterotic Union
by bobwhite

                          * * * * * * * * * *

Author's note: This story was one I'd wanted to write for a long
time, and one I'd tried to write (in one way or another) on more than
a few occasions. But, the aspects of my life about which I wanted to
write didn't seem to work well in the stories I was coming up with.
So, as one draft after another was deleted, I finally gave up on the
idea and went back to writing what was "safe."

Then, in August, 2004, Sara began a contest in which the inspiration
was a picture from her old website--a picture I'd seen more times
than I could count. For some reason, though, everything just clicked,
and several hours later, I came up with this story. I hope you enjoy
it. It's also hosted at the EMCSA and at Sapphic Dreams
(http://www.asstr.org/~sapphicdreams/home.htm).

                          * * * * * * * * * *

"I'm just going in for some incense and charcoal disks," Jenny told
herself as she got out of her car. She loved coming to the little
shop at the end of the strip mall, and it was the only store of its
kind in the area. Quickly preparing a cover story to use if someone
who didn't know what her religion was saw her inside, she approached
the door.

Before she went inside, she sighed. "That's two things you're in the
closet about, Jen," she reminded herself as she opened the door. Her
concerns and troubles were wiped away immediately, like they usually
were, as the scent of Rob's (the store owner) custom-made incense
filled her lungs with a cleansing energy even the most esoterically
skeptical person would have to admit to feeling.

Rob, as usual, greeted her with a wide smile and a nod of the head.
"Why, hello, Jenny! What brings you to my little shop today?"

"Just here for a few things. It's been a rough couple of weeks, so I
figured I'd do some deep meditation tonight." The look on her face
told a slightly more detailed story.

"You want to be with her," he put forth. "I can tell."

Any hopes Jenny had of making this an in-and-out visit had just
vanished, but she didn't care. Only the friends she'd met in this
store knew about her two secrets; her job wasn't really the kind of
place where a woman could declare her strange religious choice, much
less her lesbianism. If she wanted to talk about it, this was the
only place.

"I know it's irrational, and I know it's impossible. She lives 3,000
miles away, and we've never really met. But I just feel so... close
to her. It's silly--I guess it doesn't make any sense." She looked
back towards the display case, but Rob was gone.

"Rob?"

"Yeah, hang on a sec... I'm mixing a something special for you on
your journey tonight." The voice came from the back of the store,
where only Rob and his employees ever went.

"You think I should try projection again?" she asked. She'd tried it
before a few times, with varying degrees of success.

"Yes, and I have..." he said, pausing as he pushed aside the curtain
that separated the room he was in from the rest of the store, "...
the perfect blend to send you on your way. It works best if you have
a good image of her in your head--you sure you know what she looks
like?"

"Do you have to ask?"

"Of course you do. When this starts to smolder, just focus on her
image," he advised, handing her a somewhat large plastic bag of
powdered incense. It was, strangely, powder blue in color.

"Why is it this color? It's normally darker, isn't it?"

"Well, it is a special blend, and full of energy. The color isn't
important anyway," he noted.

Jenny took the bag, paid for her supplies, and left--she had a
little cyberdate with Ava tonight, and she had just enough time to
get home, fire up the computer, fix herself a Shirley Temple, get
undressed, put on a robe, sit in front of the computer, and punch up
Ava's ICQ number.

<A_Tarr_1977>: mmmmm... hi darlin' ... you're a couple of mintues late
<A_Tarr_1977>: minutes
<JSmith_75>: sorry couldn't be helped :-( I'm here now
<A_Tarr_1977>: I know. What's on your mind, love?

Jenny's hand slipped into her robe and tweaked her nipple--rolling
it a little between her thumb and index finger. Spreading her legs a
little, and opening her robe, she typed the last words she'd type
until Ava was done cyberfucking her.

<JSmith_75>: you know what I want my cunny is waiting, you dirty
gurl >;-)

Ava began typing a story, line by line. Jenny's eyes were glued to
the screen, and each line was hotter than the one before it. Her
hands found the perfect rhythm as she slid her fingers in and out of
her very wet pussy. Her other hand was busy alternating between her
tits and her clit.

The story went on for quite some time, and Jenny had been holding
off her climax as best she could. Ava, knowing that Jenny would do
her best not to cum until the end, teased her--she knew full well
that Jenny was, by now, almost completely lost in a haze of pure lust.

<A_Tarr_1977>: and when Julie pulled her face away from Wendy's
cunt, she replaced her tongue with her fingers
<A_Tarr_1977>: moving around and around wendy's clitty very quikly
<A_Tarr_1977>: the rhythm was solid, and fast, and wendy's back
arched off the couch she was leaning back on
<A_Tarr_1977>: her eyes looking straight up at the ceiling as the
rhythm quickly pushed her to the brink
<A_Tarr_1977>: but Julie slowed down before Wendy could get the
release she'd been waiting for
<A_Tarr_1977>: slowly, the pre-orgasmic rush subsided but the lust
was driven on
<A_Tarr_1977>: Wendy wouldn't cum unless Julie wanted her to
<A_Tarr_1977>: Wendy : please make me... please...
<A_Tarr_1977>: Julie stepped up her speed--not enough to make Wendy
cum though--, and said innocently, please what?
<A_Tarr_1977>: You know... please make me... oh fuck...
<A_Tarr_1977>: make me cum... please, make me cum... I need
<A_Tarr_1977>: what do I get out of it, wendy?
<A_Tarr_1977>: wendy promised, "I'll make you cum h-harder..."
<A_Tarr_1977>: hearing that, she sped up her hands even more -
bringing her to the brink again
<A_Tarr_1977>: promise to make me cum harder?
<A_Tarr_1977>: yesssssssssss
<A_Tarr_1977>: curling the fingers she had buried in her gf upwards
a little and rubbing her clitty directly, she finally drove Wendy
over the edge
<A_Tarr_1977>: as she came, her hips came up off the couch and and
she screamed, but wendy didn't stop rubbing her clit until she felt
her cum all over her hands
<A_Tarr_1977>: as Wendy sat back down, Julie used her fingers to
quickly force a second, smaller orgasm.
<A_Tarr_1977>: when Julie had uncuffed Wendys hands, Wendy used them
to grab Julie and pull her in for a kiss...
<A_Tarr_1977>: their tongues danced for a few minutes before Julie
said, my turn
<A_Tarr_1977>: ...
<A_Tarr_1977>: you there?

Still absent mindedly massaging her clit after one of her wetter
orgasms, Jenny floated down from her orgasmic high, and noticed she'd
been idle for a few minutes.

<JSmith_75>: how do you do it so well
<A_Tarr_1977>: who cares ;-P it's your turn

Jenny spent the next half hour or so fleshing out the other half of
the fantasy. 'Someone ought to write this stuff down and post it
online,' she mused. After Ava's orgasm and some small talk, Jenny had
to say goodbye--it was late. After promising to email each other by
morning, they both logged off of their computers.

Jenny had taken a quick shower and dried off before Ava had even
picked out which book to read before going to sleep.

She placed a few disks of charcoal in each of the five bowls (filled
with sand) around the pillows on which she would meditate. Once they
were lit, she sprinkled a generous helping of the special power Rob
had made for her on each one, watching the for the first thin wisps
of white smoke to rise before moving, clockwise, to the next bowl.
Ceremony was important, and as the aroma of the smoke began to
permeate her senses, she realized that for some reason, tonight was
special.

She sat down with her legs crossed and closed her eyes. She relaxed
her arms, and they fell into her lap. She relaxed her mind next, and
patiently waited for her thoughts to dissipate--which they did after
only a few minutes. She quickly realized that there was indeed
something special about the smoke in the room, as she found herself
centered almost immediately.

Once she was completely relaxed, she felt a sudden urge to stand -
and she did so, rising as softly as the smoke from the quintet of
burners arranged around her. As she walked further away from the
middle of the room, she looked back and saw that her body, while
slumping slightly, was still safely upright. That didn't surprise her
at all, even though she'd never experienced the distinct feeling of
being out of her body this completely before that night.

What did surprise her, though, was the fact that her body was
getting smaller, fading away into a sea of darkness. It didn't
trouble her; she figured that she would just ride the wave out and
see where it took her.

Her destination surprised even her.

Ava had just drifted off to sleep when she first felt something odd
in her dream. And, she was right. Jenny, after leaving her body
behind, found herself in that dream, but beyond Ava's perceptions.
Jenny played in the dream, finding that she could control it just
like she could control her own dreams. After a few minutes, though,
she realized she was in much more control than that.

"I'll have to ask Rob what he puts in that mix," she said to
herself, as she dove deeper into Ava's mind and started to play.

Ava's dream had suddenly shifted to one in which she was in her
room, with Jenny. She was facing the full-length mirror in her room
with her back to Jenny. She heard the subtle sounds of Jenny's bare
feet walking along the hardwood floor to where she stood, and she
leaned back into her lover's arms as they snaked around her waist,
embracing her from behind.

The embrace was soft, and when Jenny kissed her neck, Ava's eyes
fluttered and closed, momentarily keeping her from seeing what her
lover was doing with her hands. She didn't need to see, of course;
one hand slowly slid down her tummy, and the other was already
cupping one of her tits. Her head leaned back as her body almost fell
backwards--but with Jenny there, she couldn't fall.

Jenny kissed up her neck, and nibbled a little on Ava's earlobe.
This playful stimulation caused Ava's head to tip forward, and as she
felt Jenny breathe softly--warmly, even--into her ear, she could
almost smell the sweetest fragrance, but it was just beyond her
senses. When she felt a tongue lick her earlobe and move up, though,
she was brought back to reality.

She opened her eyes so she could watch her seduction, and to her
horror, she saw that her eyes glowed with a strange, light-blue
color. It frightened her--the shock was so great, in fact, that she
screamed and woke up.

She sat up in bed, and once the initial horror of that disturbing
vision was gone, she was furious at herself--she had allowed a
nightmare to cross into what could have been the best dream she'd
have for awhile. She was wide awake now, and she knew it would be
some time before she was relaxed enough to sleep again. She didn't
realize, though, that she had brought something from the dream into
the waking world.

"I'm sorry about that; I needed to wake you up," a vaguely familiar
voice called to her.

Ava frantically looked around the room. This had to be a dream -
that was Jenny's voice, she recognized it from all the phone
conversations they'd shared.

"It's not a dream... I'm here, but I'm not. You can't see me.
Believe me, my love."

Ava's body began to react to the touch of an unseen hand as her mind
immediately accepted the fact that her invisible visitor was, in
fact, Jenny. She felt fingers brushing her cheek lightly, but the
fingers also seemed to penetrate her flesh--it was as if she were
being touched by something that was only partially there.

"Jenny--how is this possible? What... ahhhh" she whispered as she
felt the phantom fingers trace a line from her cheek to her neck, and
then down to her breasts. Everywhere the ghostly presence touched was
lit on fire with sensual desire--and no matter the fingers touched
her, it felt just like they were stroking her pussy. She began to
whimper and writhe in response to the invisible intruder's light
touches, but she was still aware enough to hear the answer to her
question.

"It doesn't matter. What does matter is that I am here--well, sort-
of, anyway. And, I seem to have no trouble speaking directly to your
mind. That's why this conversation is possible. It also explains how
I can change how you respond to touch..."

Ava was intrigued by that last remark; mind control was a fetish she
and Jenny had shared for a long time.

"Let me demonstrate. Do you feel it when I touch you... here?" Jenny
invisibly teased as she straddled Ava's body and put her hands on her
tits, pressing in slightly to increase the sensation.

Ava began to wiggle in earnest now--the sensations she'd felt
earlier when Jenny touched her seemed twice as powerful. "Mmmm, yes,
oh god don't stop..."

Jenny turned around, leaving Ava's tits unattended. As Ava started
to moan and beg for her to come back, she heard Jenny say, "and what
about this?"

Right then, Ava felt a hand gently holding--and rubbing--her cunt.
The hand seemed to sink into her down there, and everywhere the
unseen hand touched felt like every wonderful sexual experience she'd
ever had happening all at once, all in the same place. It quickly
brought her to climax.

As she came down from an orgasm even more powerful than the one
she'd had earlier, Ava was somehow aware that Jenny was laying on top
of her. After a few minutes of silence, Jenny spoke.

"I felt you cum, too. We're connected. Now, I want you to relax--I
have an idea."

As soon as she heard those words spoken, she relaxed completely
(wondering if Jenny forced her to relax made her even more aroused)
and felt the familiar sensation of her ghostly lover pressing into
her flesh, lighting an erotic fire wherever she and Jenny coexisted.
This time, though, the feeling didn't stop at her breasts. As she
felt her whole body becoming impossibly aroused, she breathily asked,
"wha... what are you doing?"

"I'm uniting with you. Relax, and don't be afraid. This is the
closest two people can be to each other." As she spoke, Ava felt
Jenny lie in the bed exactly where she was. She was possessed--at
least, that was the closest word she could come up with to describe
the sensation. Once Jenny's spirit resided within Ava's body, she
spoke directly to her mind.

"We have the same body and mind now, my love. Let's enjoy the time
we have together; this may not last for too long."

For the next few hours, Ava/Jenny rolled around on the bed, touching
herself anywhere she could. The sensations were intense, but gentle.
Sometimes, Ava was simply along for the ride while Jenny explored the
shared body with her hands. After several minutes of that, Ava would
take over and teach Jenny exactly how, and where, to touch.

Jenny found out how it felt to Ava when her nipples were rolled
between her fingers slightly. Ava learned that Jenny was skilled at
holding off an orgasm; she could maintain a plateau of pleasure for
so long that Ava had to start begging her own body for release. These
sexual games continued for a couple of hours.

Towards the end of the experience, Ava was on her knees with her ass
in the air and her head on a pillow. Jenny used Ava's right hand to
reach under and between her legs so she could pump two (and
sometimes, three) fingers in and out of her/Jenny's pussy. Ava took
her other hand, reached over her back, ran her finger down her ass,
and gently rubbed her asshole. Being fucked from both front and back -
and not having any control over about half of her actions--was too
much to take for long, and her hips shook wildly as she came more
powerfully than she ever had before.

As she cooled down, she felt the sensation of having Jenny with her
fade. Jenny told her one last thing, which she barely heard but
didn't forget.

"I have to go now... talk to me tomorrow... this was no dream..."

And then she was gone.

                          * * * * * * * * * *

The next day, Ava fired her computer up as soon as she was awake.
She sat naked in front of the computer and sent a simple message to
Jenny: "Did you have a dream about us last night?" After waiting for
about an hour, and checking her mail every few minutes, she was about
to give up. As she went to power down the machine, a new message
popped up. Ava opened it, and read it.

     To: Ava Tarr
     From: Jenny Smith
     Subject: Re: Dreams

     Yes, Ava, I dreamed about you last night.  Of
     course I did.  You silly little girl ;-P

     Oh--and why didn't you tell me you liked it
     when someone rubbed your brown eye?  That felt
     deliciously dirty... I'll have to try that
     sometime!

     Bye for now,
     --Jen


Ava wiped a tear from her eye. Her lover had visited her in a way
most lovers never can. She replied to the message, telling Jenny to
find out how she did it and begging her to do it again--but asking
to give her some kind of notice so she can "prepare."

After hitting Send, she powered the computer down, showered, and got
ready for work. Everybody noticed her smile, and most figured she'd
gotten lucky the previous night.

They would never know how right they were.

                          * * * * * * * * * *

(c) 2004, bobwhite.  All rights reserved.  All wrongs also reserved.