Tara Tied Up
by Tales_of_tea

Taras all tied up and ready but Kurt brings home a friend.
b in the Story Info Box.

She couldn't believe she was doing this. This moment represented the culmination of weeks of procrastination, consideration and patient planning. First she had had to muster up the courage to buy the bed restraint. Then it had taken over a week for it to arrive.

Ever since it had been delivered on Tuesday morning she had been in a state of constant indecision. Even 30 minutes ago she couldn't have said for sure that she would go through with the plan.

Now here she lay on a Friday afternoon looking down from a precipice into the unknown. She was at the final hurdle, after this there was no going back.

She took three more long slow breaths, watching the steady rise and fall of her chest. Her eyes shifted lower to her two slender legs. They were spread wide with her knees tucked up on either side of her breasts. A strap ran across the bed directly below her ass. Each leg had a thick strap around the thigh and shin holding them together. These in turn were attached to the strap that ran across the bed, keeping her spread wide, completely unable to close her legs. At her centre she could see her freshly manicured pussy. She was completely bald, save for a small circle of neatly trimmed hair the size of a ten cent piece, which was situated an inch above her clit.

Her left arm was tied at the wrist. The leather strap stretched all the way to the bars of the bed head where it was tightly anchored.

Her right arm was still free, she had a cuff attached firmly to her wrist, but the anchor strap hung loosely between her arm and the frame.

'Well,' she thought, 'It's now or never.'

Holding her phone in her free hand she aimed the camera at herself, adjusting the angles so that the picture would be as flattering as possible. This didn't take much effort. With deep green eyes, long blonde hair and a kick ass body, Tara was a spectacular sight from any angle.

She saved the photo and then quickly switched to messages. She typed out a message.

'Hurry home baby, I'm waiting for you.'

She attached the photo and hit send.

Now came the last hurdle. She placed the phone at her side, pausing for a moment, steeling her nerve.

The end of the strap for her right arm ran around the bed post and finished right next to her head. All she had to do was put it between her teeth and turn her head a few times to tension it.

She grabbed the strap and placed it between her lips. Biting down she turned her head, once, twice, three times until the her right arm was pulled tight towards the corner of the bed.

She lay there on the bed, arms spread wide, legs spread even wider, her knees tucked towards her armpits. Her breathing slowed and relief washed through her now that the decision had been made. Then came a wave of arousal as she realised how helpless she was and how excited Kurt would be to see her.

She waited for five minutes and then ten, her arousal building as time went on. A small trail of fluid leaked slowly from between the lips of her vagina, meandering through her crevices and across her tight pink asshole before pooling on the sheets.

Just when she was starting to wonder if he would ever come home, she heard the sound of his car in the driveway. Her heart rate quickened and the moisture between her legs became a steady stream.

Tara heard his key in the door and moaned in anticipation, her hips giving a slight rise, humping the air in excitement.

'Ooooh.'

Then she heard Kurts voice.

'Yeah mate this is the front lounge, but I've got the big screen set up through there in the den.'

Taras heart practically stopped. Who was he talking to? How could this happen? He always came home at this time on a Friday without fail.

'Wow, this really is a great place you've got here.' Tara could hear another voice she didn't recognise.

'Thanks mate, beer?' Came Kurts reply.

'Yeah, thanks,' came the unknown voice again.

Tara heard the sound of the television starting up and then heard the voices of the football commentators talking about whatever game was on that evening.

She started to panic what if he didn't come in here? What if he decided to give this unknown man a tour of their house?

Suddenly this didn't seem like the brilliant idea it was half an hour ago. She wriggled, testing her bonds, but they were too tight, she had been too thorough in tying them and now she was well and truly trapped.

Then she heard footsteps in the hall and a hand on the door knob. Her body tensed in apprehension.

Then Kurt stepped through the door. He stopped, completely gobsmacked, staring at his beautiful wife, tied up and ready for his enjoyment.

His handsome features slowly adjusted into a smile as he registered what was happening. He lent back out the door and yelled.

'I'm gonna get changed, and I'm hanging to take a dump, I won't be a minute.'

'That should buy me ten minutes,' he thought.

He turned back to Tara who was making a face at him, clearly unimpressed with his crass choice of words.

Kurt walked to the end of the bed and stood drinking in the spectacular sight before him. His eyes focused on her glistening wet lips, spread ready and waiting. The petals of her labia opened for him like a flower opening for the morning sun. He felt his cock come to life, lengthening and hardening simultaneously. He observed the small wet patch on the sheets below her snatch, smiling to himself.

'Stop grinning and get me out of this,' exclaimed Tara in a loud whisper.

Kurt looked at her surprised. 'Now why would I want to do that?'

'Because you were supposed to be alone! Who's with you anyway?'

'Oh that's Dave from work,' he replied.

She looked at him questioningly.

'You know, he started with us a month ago. He's a huge hawks fan like me. Remember I told you on Monday he was coming round to watch the big game against the cats tonight.' Then he cocked his head thoughtfully 'Or maybe I just meant to tell you.' He shrugged.

Tara rolled her eyes. 'Just get me out of this.'

'Why?' He replied slowly unbuttoning his shirt and letting it fall to the floor.

Tara paused for a moment, distracted by his masculine form. He had broad shoulders and a firm chest, covered with a neat forrest of dark hairs. She could see his clearly defined abs with the muscles gently tapering into his pants.

Slowly she drew her eyes back up to his face admiring his firm jaw and handsome complexion. He had short wavy brown hair and deep brown eyes.

Tara shook her head snapping out of her trance.

'Because this was supposed to be your surprise, but now you've ruined it because once again you're watching the football.' She gave him a pouty look. Not that she carried much authority while tied up and spread eagled. She was a picture of vulnerability.

Kurt grinned back at her hungrily, slowly slipping his pants down to his ankles, his briefs following in quick succession. His cock bounced free and Tara couldn't help but stare at it. It was truly magnificent. Not even fully erect yet and it was at least eight inches long. And thick, god was it thick. It stretched her in ways no man ever had.

His reply interrupted her lustful thoughts. 'Hey come on now. I'm sure we can still have a fun time. I've got the perfect idea.'

She looked at him, cocking an eyebrow, waiting for him to elaborate.

He just grinned, ignoring her questioning look. He bent forward and knelt between her legs. She looked up, drinking him in. Then she felt the bulbed head of his erection glide up and down her wet lips coating himself in her juices. Her head tilted back and she gave a sigh.

'Ahhh.'

'Oooooooh,' she gave a long low gasp as she felt his cock sliding deep into her tight opening.

He withdrew until only the head of his cock was inside her. She waited, expecting him to start rhythmically pumping, but instead he paused. She started to feel small movements and the motion of his hand between her legs. Peering down, she could see that he had begun to pump his cock. His hand glided easily up and down his length, lubricated by her juices.

She looked up into his face quizzically.

'You didn't think I was going to let you cum this early in the night did you?'

'You can't be serious.'

He just smirked in response and sped up the rate of his pumping.

'Come on babe. Fuck me properly. I'm soooo horney! I need your cock.'

'Beg.'

'What?'

'Beg me and I might fuck you.'

Tara looked at him in disbelief.

Kurt simply increased the pace of his pumping, a look of bliss contorting his face.

She could feel the sides of his thumb and pointer finger patting against her lips and clit with every stroke, while his domed head jerked inside her. Given her already heightened state of arousal she was becoming desperate, almost manic in her need to be fucked.

She gave in to it.

'Pleaaaase hubby. Fuck my pussy.'

He kept pumping.

She looked into his eyes desperately.

'Please fuck my tight hole. Pound it, stretch me out! Slam that massive cock home!'

Still he pumped, letting out a low moan 'Ooooh, yeah.'

Her eyes went wild now, she threw everything at him.

'Fuck my tight cunt Kurt! It's your pussy Kurt do what ever you want with it! I'm you're little slut Kurt and I'll do whatever you want! Just please fuck my pussy!' She gasped out in a hoarse whisper.

'Oooooooh,' his cock slid in another inch then she felt his stiff member begin to pulse. She could feel her insides getting sprayed with his cum. Five times his dick pulsed before he slid back slowly letting his cock slip from inside her.

As he left her Tara let out a small sob. She had been so close to cumming. A few more strokes and she would have exploded.

Instead she was trapped, unable to touch herself and get the job done.

Her hips humped forward chasing his cock involuntarily until she came up hard against the restraints.

Kurt stared down, watching the muscles of her vagina contracting and spasming. With each tightening a small wad of cum would squeeze from her opening and run down onto the sheets.

Tara stared at him with a wild, glazed look in her eyes, all she could manage was a feeble 'please.'

'Now we're going to have some fun,' he grinned. He reached into the bedside drawer and slowly pulled out a few items. The first of which was a ball gag.

'Now hold on a sec,' said Tara. But before she could protest further it was in her mouth. Kurt clipped it deftly behind her head.

'Hrumphurnghtump!' Objected Tara glaring at him.

He grinned down at her. Leaning forward he kissed her neck pausing for a moment to run his hands up her sides, gently caressing her hips and thighs. She could feeling the warmth of his breath on the soft skin of her neck. She arched her back as his hands gently fondled her magnificent breasts. He drew his face away as he continued to play, gently running his fingers over her erect nipples.

The glazed look had returned to her eyes and the pool of their shared cum was continuing to stream down onto the sheets.

Kurt picked up the second item. It was Taras remote control vibrator. It was bright pink with a bulbous head at one end and a thin tail at the other. Her eyes followed him as he lubricated the toy, rubbing it against the moistened lips of her labia. Turning it slowly to make sure he had wet the whole surface. Gently he pressed it against her wet opening. She relaxed her muscles welcoming in the pink invader. It slid in slowly, the protrusion at its top pressed against the roof of her vagina as it travelled inwards, before finally coming to rest against her g-spot.

Tara sighed loudly. Surely Kurt was going to let her cum. But instead of turning on the vibrator Kurt turned away picking up the television remote. He turned on the sixty inch TV mounted on the opposite wall. After a short google search he began casting a porno to the screen. Taras eyes went wide as on the screen she saw a young couple, who looked about mid twenties, doing it doggy style on a couch. The man was fit and attractive with dark brown hair, while the girl was a petite blonde with small perky breasts. The camera panned in giving Tara a close up of his cock entering the girl. Tara let out a small moan and her hips humped twice involuntarily.

Kurt picked up the final thing he'd grabbed, a set of Bluetooth headphones. Leaning forward he fitted them over Taras ears. Suddenly the experience became a whole lot more immersive as the sounds of the couple's passionate lovemaking filled her ears. The man was thrusting hard and she could hear the slap as their thighs came together. Each slap was followed by a small squeal from the girl.

Then Tara felt her vibratory roar to life. 'Oh thank god she thought.'

On the screen the girls squeals had started to blend into one long scream and Tara was right there with her. She completely ignored Kurt, she was so wrapped up in what she was watching, her hips rocked in time with the couple on the screen and she started to emit little animalistic grunts.

She was so close. The girl on the screen erupted in a screaming orgasm, her back arched, face contorted as her hands tore at the couch. That was the moment that Kurt stopped the vibrator.

Tara turned to him furiously. Every muscle in her body was tense as if there was an electric current running through her. She was standing on the edge of a great cliff and all it would take was a simple flick of a finger and she would be falling, blissfully falling.

But Kurt just stood there grinning at her. Finally after almost a minute the tension drained from her body and she relaxed back down into her bonds.

Her ears were still filled with the sounds of the porno couples boisterous lovemaking. She watched frostily as Kurt slipped on a pare of shorts and a t-shirt. Then she felt the vibrator kick back in. But this time it was on the lowest setting. It was enough to make her want to find the nearest phallic shaped object and fuck herself vigorously with it, but not enough for her cum. Kurt stepped back to her side and her frosty look was replaced with one of desperation. He just grinned at her, leaning in close he moved one of the headphone arms away from her ear.

'Have fun beautiful. I'll see you after the footy. Don't worry the game started early so it's already half time.'

Tara gave a muffled exclamation of protest. Half time meant there was at least an hour to go. Surely he wouldn't keep her waiting for an hour. Would he?

He paused at the door shuffling through porn movies, cuing up enough to cover another hour and a half. He opened the door and turned to look at her. He gave a wink before stepping out into the hall, leaving the door ajar behind him.

Tara looked after him desperately, her eyes going wide as she stared at the unlatched door.

Her heart was pounding, her heavy breathing made her chest heave causing her perfect mounds to bounce erotically. Slowly she turned her attention back to the television. Maybe if she focused hard enough then she could will herself to cum. On the screen the man was sitting back on the couch facing the camera. The girl squatted over him also facing the camera. Tara watched as she lowered herself down impaling her bald twat with his throbbing erection.

She gave a grunt of frustration and fought her bonds momentarily. She was so horny. She just wanted to bury her fingers in her pussy and strum like she'd never strummed before. She gave up, her muscles slackening as she stared fixedly at the screen.

Her hips jolted suddenly as in the other room Kurt kicked the vibrator up a few notches.

'Eroumph' she gave a muffled exclamation as her arousal heightened immediately.

But fifteen seconds later she was wallowing in frustration again as Kurt dropped the power back down.

As the game wore on, Kurt was having the time of his life. He and Dave were enjoying a few beers while watching a tightly contested match between the hawks and the cats. They discussed the intricacies of the game and all the potential outcomes to each play. Unbeknownst to Dave, Kurt would crank up Taras vibrator every five minutes for about 20 seconds. Kurt couldn't help but get off on the thought that his mate was completely oblivious to the fact that his naked wife lay tied to a bed, absolutely soaking in arousal not more than ten metres away.

Finally three quarter time came around. Dave rose from the couch.

'Want another beer?' He asked.

'Yeah thanks,' came the reply.

Kurt looked down cranking Taras vibrator up with his phone.

'Ah, where's your toilet?'

Kurt looked up just in time to see Dave's leg disappearing down the hallway towards their bedroom.

'Not that way!' Kurt yelled, a note of panic in his voice.

Dave paused a few feet before their bedroom door. He could hear a low buzzing coming from the bedroom and for a second he thought he heard a muffled gasp.

'Back the other way and on the left!' Kurt yelled.

Dave stared at the bedroom door, torn between his curiosity and normal guest etiquette. Finally he turned and walked back the other way. Kurt saw him pass back the other way and gave a sigh of relief. Then he remembered the vibrator and shut it off completely. In the other room Tara gave what would have been a howl of anguish but was instead a muffled grunt of disgust. She had just started to orgasm when he cut he power meaning that instead of a rolling orgasm with plenty of peaks and troughs that blended into one, she had simply had a brief climax that if anything left her more desperate to be fucked.

When Dave returned to the lounge he sat and offered Kurt a beer. He took a sip of his own beer and then turned to Kurt.

'What's with the buzzing noise down there?' He motioned towards the bedroom.

'Oh that,' replied Kurt, deflecting his gaze. 'That's just the neighbours. All three of their air conditioning units sit on the fence just outside our window. If they all kick in at once it sounds like it's inside the house.'

'Oh right.' Said Dave not sounding wholly convinced by this explanation.

The final quarter of the footy started and the night continued on the same trajectory as before. Tara lay watching a steady montage of beautiful women being fucked to screaming orgasms by men with massive cocks. While Kurt and Dave enjoyed a tight game of football where neither team would give an inch.

By the time the match finished, Tara was in a frenzy. A small line of drool had run from her mouth, across her chin and down between her supple breasts. This was mirrored by the steady stream of moisture drooling from the lips of her vagina. The wet patch on the sheets had grown to almost a foot in diameter, fed by her steady flow of arousal. Taras mind was hazy, with images from the porn she'd been watching flashing through her brain in a steady slideshow.

In the lounge Kurt and Dave were jumping up and down yelling at the the TV before high fiving as their team won with a kick after the siren. They babbled excitedly about the build up to the final play, reliving the moment numerous times.

Tara tried to split her focus between the beautiful blonde on screen who was getting roughly fucked on all fours, and the men in the lounge but she failed miserably, moaning desperately through her gag.

In the lounge, Kurt and Dave sank back into the couch enjoying the feeling as the tension of the match left their bodies.

It was that moment of course that Kurt and Taras dog Mindie decided to go ballistic at the back fence.

'Fucks sakes!' Cursed Kurt as he headed outside to try and wrangle the dog.

Dave sat on the couch enjoying the moment. He couldn't wait to see Tim from accounts on Monday who was a massive Cats fan. He could feel a smug grin already forming on his face.

The other thing forming was the need to take a leak, an impulse he was quick to act on.

As he returned from the toilet, Dave paused in the doorway to the hall. He could see that Kurt still hadn't managed to subdue his dog and he stopped and listened for a second. He could hear the faint buzzing again. Hesitantly he stepped toward the master bedroom. As he drew closer the buzzing intensified in volume, then he heard what could only be described as a muffled grunt.

Stopping at the door he peaked through the small gap but was unable to see anything except the edge of a bed. He checked over his shoulder and then took a deep breath before sliding the door open.

Daves eyes opened wide in shock as they drank in the scene before him. On the bed was the most beautiful woman he'd ever seen. She lay reclined with a gag in her mouth and her firm breasts standing to attention. She had long blonde hair and smooth skin. Her face was beautiful with large green eyes and delicate features. She stared back at him like a deer in the headlights. They stared into each others eyes for a moment before Dave gave into his urges, inspecting her erect nipples before his eyes travelled down to the velvety lips that lay at her centre, completely exposed and completely drenched with her arousal.

Daves chest heaved as he breathed heavily, taking in every detail, from the light pink hue of her nipples to the small glistening nub of her clitoris peaking out from beneath its hood, just begging to be touched.

Slowly he steeled himself and brought his moral compass to the fore. This was someone else's wife, and she had been tied up, probably against her will. It was his chivalrous duty to save her. He checked over his shoulder, still no sign of Kurt.

Putting his hands up in an attempt to show that he had no malicious intent, he averted his eyes and spoke. 'I'm sorry you're in this mess, I'm here to help you.'

Tara just gave a muffled grunt in reply. Her eyes were wide, appearing almost manic with what Dave assumed was fear. How mistaken he was. He strode towards her, kneeling on the bed. He stared into her wide eyes, noting their beautiful green shade. Reaching behind her he unclasped the gag and removed it from her mouth.

'Please...' she spoke, her voice coming out as a rasp, her muscles struggling to contract after being gagged for so long. She opened and closed her mouth trying to regain control of her voice.

'Don't worry.' Said Dave 'I'll untie you now.'

'There's no time!' Gasped Tara, finally finding her voice.

Dave checked over his shoulder. Still no sign of Kurt. 'I'll be quick,' he stated reaching for her bonds.

'No,' gasped Tara more firmly. 'There's no time. Quick in the bottom drawer of my bedside table she motioned with her head.'

Dave looked at her confused, then slid off the bed and opened the prescribed drawer. It was full of womens panties, the topmost of which was a lacy blue thong.

'The wand, under my panties,' rasped Tara.

Dave looked confusedly between Tara and the drawer. Slowly he slid the panties to the side. He fished out a corded hitachi wand from underneath. He held it up towards her. Tara looked up at him.

'Well plug it in!' Her voice had regained strength, and with it came a hint of frustration.

Dave obliged before turning to her for further instruction.

Tara raised her eyebrows in exasperation 'Use it on me!'

Dave turned it on and and slowly directed it towards her sopping pussy. He had been so taken aback by her abrupt instructions that he was only now starting to question how he had gotten here when only seconds before he'd been intent on freeing her.

'What the fuck is going on here!' Kurts voice made them both jump.

'Nooooo!' Tara let out a moan of frustration. She had been so close.

Dave looked mortified, caught in the act. He was frozen with the wand in mid air.

'Ahh, um,' he stammered.

'Well?' Queried Kurt, cocking an eyebrow.

Dave steeled himself for confrontation, straightening his back and puffing out his chest slightly.

'I'm saving her.' He was hoping to sound confident, but the sentence came out sounding rather meek.

'From?' Kurt looked at him miffed.

'Ahh you?' Dave looked down, feeling like a chastised school boy.

'With a vibrating wand?' Kurt smirked, eyebrow still raised.

Daves already shaky confidence wavered further. 'We'll I was saving her, but then she asked for the wand and I got distracted,' the words tumbled out of him. ' Anyway you shouldn't tie her up. I won't let you treat her that way.'

Kurts smirk widened. He strode across the room until he was standing on the other side of Tara. He reached out to Dave demanding to be passed the wand. Dave hesitated for a moment before passing it to him. Kurt flicked the switch and the wand begun to hum. 'I didn't tie her up,' he stated, gesturing with the wand. He lowered his arm until the wand was mere inches from Taras abdomen. Her eyes followed its progress hungrily.

'Tara tied herself up, didn't you babe.' Kurt ran the wand slowly across her breasts, making sure to linger on her rigid pink nipples.

'Yeeessssss,' Tara drawled, her eyes closing as her back arched involuntarily.

Kurt traced the wand down across her smooth abdomen and navel before guiding it down the crease of her groin, taking great care not to touch the soft lips of her beautiful pussy.

'Mmmmmm.' Tara gave a long sigh.

'I...I don't believe you,' stammered Dave. 'She's just saying that because you're manipulating her with the wand.'

Kurt grazed the wand against the outer fold is Taras labia.

'Mmmmm!' Her voice raised an octave.

Kurt took the wand away.

'Good point.'

'Awwwhh,' Tara exclaimed in frustration.

Kurt turned to Tara. 'If you can convince Dave that you tied yourself up, then I'll let you cum.'

Tara stared at him wide eyed, then her full attention turned to Dave.

'I did it, I tied myself up. It was supposed to be a treat for Kurt. I didn't know he was bringing you home.'

Dave looked at her wincing. 'Yeah but I just heard him bribe you with convincing me. It's okay Tara. You don't have to do this. I can get you out.'

They looked at each other for a second. 'No Dave! I did this! Honest! Kurt and I play these games where we push each other's limits. I tied myself up and sent him a picture, he was supposed to come home and fuck my brains out. Instead I've been trapped in here being teased for hours.'

Dave still didn't look convinced.

Taras voice became more desperate as she stared into Daves eyes pleadingly. 'Dave I did this. You have to believe me! Look at my snatch!' His eyes shifted down to her glistening wet hole. 'Look at the sheets! I've been juiced up and desperate to cum for hours.' She could see his resolve beginning to waver. 'I did this! I'm a slut for Kurts massive cock. I'm so horny! I'm just a naughty girl all tied up and desperate to be fucked! Please Dave! Please let me cum.' Dave grimaced, feeling torn, he looked between Kurt and Tara. 'Please Dave! I want to have my pussy stretched! I want it filled with hot sticky cum! I want some nice hot cum on these perky titties, I want to take a load in my mouth, I just want to cum! I need an orgasm! Pleeeeaase!' Taras voice had become high pitched, almost shrill at this point, so desperate was her need.

'Fine,' sighed Dave, 'I believe you.'

Tara grinned.

Kurt lowered the wand pressing it to her clit. He had already opened his phone with his other hand. Using the app, he cranked the vibrator to full at the exact same time.

Tara reacted instantly. Her back arched as if she had been struck by lightning, her head tilted back and she emitted a scream of pure ecstasy.

'Eeeeeeeaaaaaaah!!!!!'

Every muscle in her body was taught as her orgasm ripped through. After about ten seconds her body went limp as her orgasm subsided. Her hips lowered to the bed and her head dropped towards her chest. But Kurt did not let up. He followed her hips down to the mattress, keeping pressure on her clit. Taras head snapped up. Her eyes wide like saucers, they struggled to focus on his face. Her hips bucked up and down a few times. And she babbled jibberish as she stared at him with wide eyes. She tried to speak repeatedly but kept being overcome by the sensation.

'Ergnagnhahgnt! Worght argot youghrt doingrt????!! Faaaarckkkkkkk!!'

Taras eyes rolled back in her head, her hips jumped up off the bed and then back down a number of times. Kurt followed her each time, maintaining a constant pressure.

Tara threw her head back then and screamed.

'Fuuuuuuuuaaaarrrrrrrkkkkkkkknnnnggghhhh!'

Her hips raised and as Kurt and Dave both watched mesmerised as the muscles of her vagina contracted emitting a large gush of liquid. It sprayed from her like a tap that had just been opened wide, drenching the already wet sheets between her legs. The gushing subsided for a second before her snatch contracted again projecting a small stream of fluid over a meter away and off the end of the bed. She squirted three more times before sinking back into the bed.

Kurt followed her again with the wand.

Tara opened her mouth wide. Her neck craned back towards the bed head and her chest lifted making her ample bosom bounce.

'MY FUCKING CUNT!! FUCK MY FUCKING CUUUUUNNNTTT!!!!!!!'

Her hips bucked in and out continuously, the muscles of her wet twat contracting with each orgasm.

Finally Kurt removed the wand and turned the vibrator off. Tara gave a long low sigh as her body relaxed, going limp against her bonds. She stared up at Kurt with a dreamy, far off look in her eyes.

Kurt smiled down at her and slowly removed his shorts and underwear, lowering them to the floor. His impressive cock sprung free, already fully erect. It was thick and throbbing after watching Tara cum so hard. The veins stood out along the length of his shaft, tracing their way to the soft domed head at his peak. He removed his shirt and then still holding the wand he climbed in onto the bed between her legs. He paused for a second, appreciating the smooth clean skin of her wet opening. He reached down stroking the small patch of hair with a gentle finger. Tara shivered at his touch and her eyelids fluttered but remained closed.

Kurt felt the bed shift as Dave knelt beside them. He'd followed Kurts lead and removed his clothes. His cock was on display, fully erect with a dribble of precum seeping from the tip. His eyes were ravenous as he stared at Tara.

'Here.' Kurt offered him the wand.

Dave grabbed the handle but Kurt didn't let go.

They locked eyes.

'You only touch her with this. Got it.' Dave nodded. 'You can do what you want with it but you only touch her with this.'

'Got it.'

Kurt let go of the wand and began to slide his shaft against her soft lips. He traced his domed head up and down her slit, coating it in her moisture.

'Oooohhh.' He groaned at such a divine sensation.

Taras eye lids fluttered and she gave a small 'Mmm,' of satisfaction.

Slowly Kurt entered her. God she was tight. Her pussy spasmmed with small aftershocks from her earlier orgasms, rhythmically gripping and releasing him.

Finally he felt himself bottom out as she engulfed his full length.

The bed shifted as Dave moved himself around the bonds to be kneeling beside Tara. With one hand he placed the wand against her right breast, while with the other he pumped his cock.

Kurt slowly pumped in and out of Tara. Her body was still slack against the bonds that held her, her eyes were closed and her expression dreamy, her features stuck in a slack, post orgasmic stupor.

Her mouth gaped open and she moaned 'Ooooh gooood!'

Dave switched the wand to her left breast grinning as both her nipples stood erect and proud.

Kurt picked up pace slowly, his cock gliding in and out easily, lubricated by her needy snatch. Nothing compared to her wet warmth, to her tightness, the feeling of her muscles contracting around his rod, milking him.

Then Dave put the wand on Taras clit.

'HOLY SSSSHHHHIIIIIITTTTTT!!!!!!!!'

Her eyes went wide and stared through Kurt at the ceiling, unseeing. Her pussy clamped down. If he'd thought she was tight before then this took things to a whole new level. Kurt began to pump in and out as fast as he could, gliding in and out like a piston.

'Oooooohh myyy fucking goooood!' Taras voice had gone high pitched and squeaky as she squeezed out the words.

Then she came. And again and again.

'Fuuuuuuck! Fuuuuuck! Fuuuuuck!' Tara squealed.

Kurt kept pumping into her, holding her thighs as she bucked and rocked with her climax's. Dave kept the wand pressed firmly into her clit causing her orgasms to blend into one another in a constant stream.

Kurt could feel himself getting closer and closer. Then he heard Dave grunt as he pumped himself frantically. He saw a rope of hot cum splatter across Taras perfect breasts, then another, before a third rope hit her on the chin before slowly dribbling down her neck.

This was Taras limit, she gave a guttural cry, her body thrashing uncontrollably as she came to an almighty climax. She screeched Kurts name as he erupted inside her filling her with rope after rope of hot cum.

'KKKKUUUUURRRRRTTTTT!!!!!!!!!'

Finally he slumped against her, completely spent. He gently pushed the wand away, resting inside her as he painted heavily. Tara hung slack against her bonds, completely passed out as far as he could tell. Small aftershock rippled through her pelvis, vibrating around his member.

After a few minutes he slid slowly from her folds. They both gave a small 'Oooh,' at the sensation. A small rivulet of his cum leaked from her moist lips, tracing its way down between her soft cheeks to the bedsheets below. With each aftershock more drooled out, pooling between her legs.

After collecting his thoughts Kurt turned to Dave. 'I said no touching! Except for the wand!' He growled angrily, gesturing towards the lines of cum that streaked Taras neck and chest.

'Ah, um, s...sorry. I, ah, um, I, I didn't mean to.' Dave stammered, taken off guard by the outburst.

Kurt grinned at him 'Yeah, I know. I'm just fucking with you. I'm going to clean her up.' He gestured towards Tara. 'Why don't you grabs us some beers and I'll meet you in the lounge in 10. Hopefully we haven't missed the coaches post match press conference.'

'Ah, um, yeah sure,' spluttered Dave as he hastily jumped from the bed and begun to pull on his trousers.

Once he was gone Kurt gently untied Tara. Grabbing a hand towel from their ensuite, he wet it before tenderly wiping the sweat and cum from her body. He pulled the covers up around her and left her to sleep off her stupor. Kurt pulled his clothes on and trudged out of the room fervently hoping that he hadn't missed too much post match analysis.
