Old School

Jennifer a bright 26 year old attorney is a serious career woman. She has been a lawyer for about 9 months but already is making a name for herself. She has been active in a local feminist organization for 2 years and has recently served a one year term on the board of the organization. She is very attractive and petite. Many of the men at the firm she works at admire her looks but she hasn’t time for much of a personal life since she is a career woman. She dresses smart but in everday clothes and with her hair down and no make-up she could easiy pass for 18. She traveled about 50 miles from home on business and before driving back she decided to stop for a late lunch. 

She did not see many many places to eat at in the town she was in but she came upon a place called Old School Tavern. She was hungry and decided to stop. She walked in and was surprised by what she saw. The servers who were all female were dressed in what looked like school uniforms for girls. They were wearing plaid skirts but unlike ones that school girls wear these were shorter. They wore white shirts and white socks with MaryJane patent leather shoes. Jennifer was seated. All of the patrons were men except for Jennifer and two other women. Jennifer looked over the menu. Shortly a server walked over and asked Jennifer if she wanted to try the wings. Jennifer said, “no thanks” and ordered something else. 

As Jenifer sat at her table she thought that it was demeaning for young women to wear the uniforms they were wearing. As a feminist she would find wearing such a uniform humiliating and especially while serving men food. She could not undersand why a young woman would want to dress like a school girl. That was her intellect telling her that. She tried to hide it and ignore it but she had a submissive side to her. She knew it was wrong but she imagined herself dressed like the servers. She would be a joke dressed like that at work. She would not be taken seriously looking like that, but she imagined herself working at the Old School Tavern and she found herself starting to get hot. She felt ashamed and came to her senses. 

After she arived home she couldn’t stop thinking about the Old School Tavern. She tried to stop thinking about it but she keep imagining herslf as a server dressed in a school girl uniform. she knew it was ridiculous for her to have such thoughts. She made good money as an attorney on the fast track to success and it was absurd for her to fantasize being a waitess wearing a school girl uniform. 

The next day at work she tried to get the Old School Tavern out of her thoughts but on occassions found herself thinking about it. She was working on an important case and really did not have time for such nonsense. When she came home she had the Old School Tavern on her mind. Although she knew it was against what she stood for the next day she gave into her desires and decided to go back to the Old Schoo Tavern. She thought that it was crazy but this place was open late and when she was there before they had a sign in the window for a night shift server. She had stopped at home before driving out to the OST and changed out of her business clothes and put on something less business like. She had butterflys in her stomach as she pulled in the parking lot of OST. She walked in and told the hostest that she wanted to apply for a job. She was taken to the manager and he gave her an application. Of course she did not state on the application that she worked for the law firm. She listed some part time jobs she had in college. The manager gave her an interview. She stated her real age on her application since she saw no reason not to although most of the servers looked to be between 18 and 22. The manger asked her about her current address being 50 miles away. She told him that she was in the process of moving to town and would be moved in to her new place in town in a couple of days. The manager told her that she had the job and would work nights only. He gave her two uniforms and told her to start the following night. 

End of part 1


The day after Jennifer was hired to work at OST she found it dificult to concentrate on her work at the law firm the next day. She was excited about working at OST that night. After she drove home from work at the law firm she got dressed for her job at OST. After she got dressed she decided to put her hair in a ponytail. She had not worn a ponytail since she was about 9. She looked in the mirror. Her designer label business shirt had been replaced by a cheap looking white shirt. Her expensive skirt had been replased by a short plaid skirt. Her panty hose replaced by white soxs. She did not look like a high powered lady lawyer. 

Jennifer felt nervous as she pulled into the parking lot of OST. She saw the manager behined the bar and he told her to come into his office. “Welcome to your first day at OST”, he said. He handed her a name tag and told her to put it on. The name on it was Jenny. “ I prefer Jennifer”, said Jennifer. “Well, for now Jenny will have to do, we will correct it later”, said the manager. Jennifer had not been called Jenny since she was a minor. 

The manager told her that she would need to get some patent leather shows since it was a required part of the uniform. The manger went over the menu with her and the system of taking orders and serving the food. He paired her up with another server to observe her. After about an hour went by the server she was teamed up with asked her if she wanted to wait on the next customers that sat at one of her tables. Jennifer agreed to and did just fine. 

Jennifer talked with the other servers throughout the night and they gave her pointers. They told her that the younger they looked the more tips they got. Jennifer felt aroused being looked at in her uniform, when she got a chance she went into the ladies room and masterbated in one of the stalls. “This should be a fun part time job” she thought. 

The next day she left her “real job” early and went to the mall to shop for some things. She purchased patent leather shoes and remembered the other servers at the OST saying that the younger they looked the more tips they got. Although Jennifer did not need the money she had a compet- itive nature and wanted to out do the other servers. Jennifer had small breasts. She was an A cup and wore a push up bra to compensate. She decided that if her breasts looked smaller she would look younger. she decided to purchase a training bra because it would make her look very flat. She felt embarased purchasing the bra. She decided that 50 miles was a long drive so about half way between her place and OST she rented a cheap room. She would drive there after work at OST and sleep overnight and dress for work at the firm and drive to work from there. She only planned on working at OST for about a week. 

When she changed in the room she had rented she looked in the mirror and could not believe the transformation. The training bra made her look flat and she had taken out her contacts and wore her glasses. She had her hair in a ponytail and looked to be about 12. 

When she arrived at the OST the manger introduced her to the assistant manger. Both managers took turns working both shifts. The assistant manager shook her hand and said, “nice to meet you Jenny”. He asked Jennifer if she had got the hang of the system. She told him that she did. He told her that in that case she could work solo and assigned her some tables. The fun was about to begin. 

End of Part 2 


Jennifer could not believe that she was actually working as a server dressed the way she was. After about an hour she had made a some tips but nothing big. She was betray- ing her feminist principles serving food to men dressed like she was a school girl. At the same time she was enjoying it. As she was serving two young men who looked to be a couple years younger then her one of the young men commented that she looked cute and did not look old enough to be working. Jennifer blushed with humiliation but thanked the young man. The other young man accidentally dropped his fork. Jennifer got him another fork immediately and he said, “thank you Jenny”. Normally Jennifer hated being called “Jenny” but she did not mind it this time. She decided that the young men might give her a big tip if she let them get a glimps of her knickers. She bent over and picked up the fork the young man had dropped. Both young men saw her knickers as she bent over. Jennifer blushed and felt wet. She knew that her feminist freinds would be disgusted with her but she still considered herself a feminist. The young men left her a small tip that was less than what most people would have. 

After Jennifer had worked at OST for a week she quit. She felt at the time that she had lived out her fantasy long enough and needed to devote more time to her job at the firm. She did not tell the management that she was quiting, she simply did not go back. 

After two weeks went by since she had quit, she wished that she could go back and work there at night. She tried to get it out of mind but she would think about it more and more. During a meeting she was daydreaming about it and excused herself and went into the ladies room and masterbated in one of the stalls. She fantasized that she was working at the OST and she was serving the men of her firm who were in the meet- ing. She could never do that and be taken seriously by her colleagues ever again. 

After work that day Jennifer decided that she would go to the OST and see if she could get her job back. On the way over she thought about what she would say to explain why she left. She thought it was worth a try and she had a strong urge to go back to work there and experience what knew was humiliation. 

She dressed in jeans and a t-shirt and drove out to the OST. On the way there she thought about what she would say about why she left. When she got there she took a deep breath. She asked the bar tender that she would like to speak to the manager. The same manager who hired her was working and he agreed to see her. She told him that she left do to a family matter that she had to attend to. He told her that he had her two uniforms that she had mailed back to him. He told her that he had not hired a replacement yet and was short handed that night due to two servers calling in sick. He told her that she could work that night and to return the next night. She thanked him and grabbed one of the uniforms and changed in the ladies room. 

The next night she wore her training bra and uniform to the OST after she left work at the firm. When she arrived at the OST the manager called her in his office. 

The manager told Jennifer that he let her work the night before because he was short a couple of servers but he had reservations about hiring her back because she left suddenly without notice. He told her that he would not re-hire her. 

Jennifer told him that she needed the job and it would not happen again. The manager said that he had made his decision. Jennfer realy wanted her job back and told him that she would be willing to work every weekend. He told her that did not matter. She told him that she desparately need the job and would do anything. She could not believe that she was begging for a job as a server. She be so humiliated if her colleagues at the firm knew. The manager said, “so you will do anything”. 

Jennifer did not like the way he said it. He told her that he would hire her back but she needed to be held accountable for the way she left. He told her to stand up. She obeyed. He asked her if she was wearing knickers. She was taken back by the question. “Do you want your job back”, he said. “Yes”, she replied. He repeated the question. She answered, “yes, why did you ask me that?” He told her that she needed to be taught a lesson and he told her to remove her knickers. 

She could not believe what he said. She protested. He told her that unless she did it she would not get her job back. Jennifer felt like slapping the man in the face but she really had a strong urge to get her job back. She slowly pulled off her knickers. “Hand them to me”, he said. She complied. “Show me your ass”, he said. She turned around and hiked up her skirt. She felt humiliated but arroused. He told her that if he had the time he would spank her but for now he needed to get back to some paper work. He told her that she could have her job back but she would not be allowed to wear knickers from that day forward. 

He then told her to get back to work. Jennifer felt uncom- fortable working without knickers but she was getting wet. As the night progressed she wasn’t doing to well tip wise. At one of her tables there were two young men who looked to be about 18 or 19. One of them dropped his spoon. Jennifer told him he would get him another one. She was about to bend down to get it but decided to give he boys a show and maybe they would tip her well. She bent over to pick up the spoon and they got a view of her bare ass. She smiled at them when she straightened up. When she brought the young man another spoon the other young man dropped his. She bent over again picked it up. One of the young men told her that she was a naughty little girl. She smiled at him. They left her a big tip. 

When Jennifer got a break she went into the ladies room and masterbated. She countinued her double life for about another week when she began to consider quitting again. She enjoyed her job at OST but she was working on something very important for the firm and one night she really needed to home working on what was important for the firm. She knew itellectually that she should simply walk out and leave the serving job behined. She was jeopardizing her job at the firm to work part time as a server wearing a school girl uniform and no knickers. 

While Jennifer was serving a family who had a little girl the little girl who was dressed in a uniform that a local private school in town required said that Jennifer’s uniform was like hers. OST had patterned their uniforms after the local schools. The little girl asked Jennifer if she went to her school. Jennifer told the little girl that she didn’t go to school because she had finished school. The little girl asked Jennifer if she could work as a waitress. Jennifer found that amusing. The girl asked Jennifer if she would come to her birthday party. Jennifer told her that she would be working. The girls parents explained to her that Jennifer was a big girl. Jennifer blushed with embarassment that the little girl did not see her as an adult. 

When Jennifer caught a break one of he other servers complained that her section was being occupied by high school senoirs that night. They would hang out there on certain nights and were seated in a certain section. Jennifer noticed that nearly all of them were young men and some were football players. Jennifer remembers getting a big tip the night she bent over in front of two young men. Jennifer told the other server that she would be willing to trade sections with her that night. The other girl could not believe that she was willing to do that because it had been her experience that young people did not tip well. Jennifer thought that she could get some tips out them however. The other server agreed to switch. 


Part 5 will be better 

Jennifer began serving the tables in the section all of the young men were seated in. She would bend over and let them get a glimps of her bare ass. She flirted with the guys at just about every table. To her disappointment she received few tips while the server she swirched sections with made out far better. Before she left for the night the manger called her in his office and told her that he was hosting a special event the following night and he wanted to be sure that she would be there. He told her to wear knickers. Jennifer told him that she would be there the following night. 

The next day at the firm Jennifer wondered what the special event he was hosting was. When she arrived at the OST that night the manger told her that the only customers that night would be about 20 seniors from the local school. The place would be closed to everyone else as the senoirs would be having a private party. Soon some of them showed up. Jennifer did not see any of the other servers. She asked the manager who else would be working. He told her that he gave the other servers the night off. “I’m the only server working tonight”, Jennifer exclaimed. The manger replied, “yes, you can handle it Jenny.” 

As the young men arrived Jennifer began serving them. after about a she had served food to all of them the manager called her into his office. He told her that he wanted to inform her of the fun he had had planned for his customers that night. He told Jennifer about the stage he had put in the middle of the building. Jennifer had wondered about it. He told Jennifer that he wanted her on the stage to be tonights entertainment. He told her that he was going to allow the young men to spank her and that she would have to remove her knickers. Jennifer was shocked. She told him that she was going to allow herself to be humiliated by 18 year old boys. The manager told her that if she wanted to keep her job that she would have to. “Maybe I don’t want this job anymore”, Jennifer said. “Are you sure”, he said to her. Jennifer thought for a minute but before she could answer the manager said that she should consider something berfore giving him her answer. “What’s that”, she said. “I know about your secret”, he said. “What secret?”, she asked. “I did some checking on you, what do you think your co-workers at your law firm would think of you if they knew about you working here?”, he said. Jennifer felt like she was going to be sick. “I could tell them and I can prove it to them”, the manger said. Jennifer knew that she would have to do it and in a way she was excited about it. “Ok, I’ll do it”, she said. “Good girl, I knew you would Jenny”, he said. 

They walked out of the office onto the stage. The manager grabbed the microphone and announced to the audience that Jenny has been a bad little girl and is in need of being punished. He told Jenny that she needed a spanking and asked the audience if they agreed. The young men cheered. The manager asked the audience if they think that Jenny should remove her knickers for the spanking. They cheered wildly. He told Jennifer to take them off. She looked out into the audience and took a deep breath. She felt humiliated and wet slipping off her knickers in front of the young men. The manager asked if anyone wanted her knickers. Everyone shouted and cheered. He told Jennifer to throw her knickers to them. She threw it and it landed on a guys face. Everyone laughed except Jennifer. 

The manager said, “you’ve been a bad girl Jenny now bend over with your skirt up. She did so. The manager asked the guy who “caught” her knickers to come up on stage and spank her. The young man walked up on the stage with a big smile on his face. He faced Jennifer’s ass. The manager told him to spank Jennifer. The rest of the young men cheered and told him to give it to her good. He spanked her with his bare hand. The young men cheered. The manager stopped him and told him that he had a better idea. He grabbed a chair and put it on the stage. He invited the young man to sit in the chair. He told Jennifer to bend over his knees. He then gave the young man a paddle to spank her with. It hurt a lot but she was extremely arroused and humiliated. Finnaly he stopped and her ass was red. 

The manager said to Jennifer who was almost in tears, “have you learned your lesson Jenny?” “Yes sir”, she said. “Good, the go wait on the two young men who just came in”, he said. She walked off the stage and took the orders of the two young men who arrived late. There were now 20 young men in the place. The manager then locked the doors since nobody else was expected for the private party. Jennifer served more pitchers of soda to the other young men. She felt humiliated and hot. 


Part 6 is next and it is what you have been waiting for. 

The manager told Jennifer to come into the kitchen with him. He was cooking more chicken wings. He told Jennifer the rest of what he had planned for the night. Jennifer told him that she couldn’t do what he wanted. She asked him why he was humiliating her the way he was. “Deep down, you are enjoying this, that’s why you wanted to work hear Jenny”, he said. “Do you want your colleagues to find out your fetish?” “You are blackmailing me, so I have no choice”, she said. “I think you are liking it”, he said. The manager then pourd soda on Jennifer’s shirt and they both walked out onto the stage. “It looks like little Jenny spilled some soda on her shirt”, he said. “Well Jenny that needs to be washed so take it off and I’ll wash it”, he said. Jennifer took off her shirt and she was in her training bra. 

“The wings are done, Jenny serve our guests the wings”, the manager said. Jennifer served the young men wings in her training bra and skirt. She was humiliated but very wet at the same time. 

After she finished serving the wings the manager called her back onto the stage. She took a deep breath. “You know men, Jenny looks cute in her little bra but I don’t think she has enough to need a bra”, he said. “She looks kind of ridiculous in it, don’t you think she should take it off?” 

The young men laughed and cheered while Jennifer was red faced. The manager told Jennifer to take it off. Her hands trembled. She turned her back to the audience and removed her bra. The manager told her to turn around. She was nervous and felt very humiliated. The manager said, “the first one of you to give me a dollar gets the bra.” A young man in at one of the front tables quickly hopped onto the stage and gave the manager a dollar. The manager told Jennifer to hand the young man her bra. She gave it to him. 

Although her breasts were small they were bigger then most of the guys thought they were because the training bra made her look vey flat. The manager then told the audience that Jenny had been bad again. He told the audience that she needed to be spanked and every one of them would get to do it. “Men, that skirt just gets in the way when she gets a spanking”, he said. “Do you think she should take it off”, he said. The young men shouted “Take it off!” The manager looked at Jennifer. She was shaking. It was bad enough she thought that she was taking her skirt off but what makes it worse is that since she had been working at OST she had been shaving her pubes bald. She turned around with her back to the audience and dropped her skirt. The manager told her to leave it on the stage. She did and the young men were cheering with excitement. Jennifer covered her- self with her hands. “$1.50 for the skirt”, the manager said. A young man from the audience quickly got up and hopped on stage and handed the manager $1.50. The told Jennifer to crawl over to the young man with the skirt in her mouth. She couldn’t believe what he told her but did it. He told her to stand up and give the young man her skirt. She did so. He then told her to thank him for buying her skirt for $1.50. She felt so humiliated doing that. He then told her to kiss the young man on the lips. She did. The audience cheered. 

The manager then told her to serve the young men more sodas and what ever food they wanted. She never imagined something like this happening to her. She thought to herself, “how did this happen?” “I’m an attorney and a feminist, I am serving 18 year old boys food and I’m nude.” The young men grabbed her and groaped her while she served them. They made rude comments t her and it made her horny. She needed to use the ladies room bad. She walked over to the ladies room and it was locked. 

She told the manager that she needed to us the ladies room and that it was locked. He told her that it was out of order. “I have to go bad”, she told him. He told her that she could use the mens room. She walked into the mens room and there were 5 young men in the room. They asked her if she wanted to have some fun. She ignored them. To her shock there were no doors on any of the stalls. The young men in the mens room were watching her. Her heart sank. She needed to go but the guys in the rest room would see her because there were no doors on the stalls. She had to go badly though. She sat on the toilet to go. One of the young men ran out and told some others. Before she was finished there were 12 guys looking at her. She never felt so humiliated. 

The manager told her to join some of the guests in the pool room for a game of pool. As she would bend over to make her shots all eyes were on her ass. 


Part 7 is next 

After the OST closed for the night Jennifer asked the manager for her clothes. He told her that he did not have them because they were sold. “I can’t go home naked”, she exclaimed. “I’ll let you wear an OST T-shirt”, the manager told. She looked at him in a desparate way. The shirt was a small size and although she was petite it barely covered her crotch. Jennifer was feeling horney. “Will you kiss me goodnight”, she told the manager. He gave her a small peck on the lips. She tried to get the manager to go further but he told her that he was married. She went out to car frustrated. She began to masterbate wildly. The manager walked outside to leave and walked over to her car. She stopped masterbating. She rolled down the window and he told her to be back the next night. 

Jennifer felt odd driving home in only a t-shirt. The next day while she was at the firm she was tired but still sexually frusrated. 

That night things were slow at OST. One of the young men who was there the night before stopped by. Jennifer took his order. The young man flirted with her and asked her when she got off work that night. Jennifer was so sexually frustrated that she considered going out this 18 year old young man even though the last time she dated an 18 year old was when she was 17. She asked the manager if she could leave. Since it was slow and she worked the night before he told her she could. 

She left with the young man. They drove out to a lover’s lane area and she gave him oral sex and then they had sex. Right before the OST closed he took her back. She got in her car and went home. 

H.