The Making of Anna into an Exhibitionist Whore 

Anna had suddenly become a member of our family. I had returned home one
evening to visit my parents to find this young and extremely attractive 
blond working with my mother. 

"Ah, Peter," my mother said as I walked into the room, "I would like you
to meet Anna. She is from Gothenburg, Sweden." 

I felt an instant attraction as I shook the proffered hand of the young
woman. She was, I concluded, about 18, or maybe 20, with long blond 
hair, extremely pretty, with a wonderful bone structure, a pert little 
nose, and full sensual lips. Her figure was also a sight to behold. Her 
breasts, which immediately caught my eye, were large, and I detected 
the clear bulge of a nipple pressing against the materiel of her 
sweater. She was wearing a short skirt that showed off her long shapely 
legs. Yes, when I met Anna, it was lust at first sight. 

My mother, who was a writer, went on to explain that Anna was a student
at the local art college. She was staying with them and working with my 
mother, helping with some research work to help pay her way through 
college. 

I had my own apartment in town and used to visit my parents an weekends.
Suddenly, the reason for my visits had become a lot more interesting. 

I lusted after the attractive young woman who showed only a mild
interest in me. I used to watch her as she walked around the house. 
Sometimes I could just make out the lines of her brief panties under 
her short tight skirts. I think that she was aware that I watched her, 
for she would sometimes turn and smile in my direction as she left the 
room. She also was not adverse to bending in front of me when she 
wanted to speak to me, and allowing me an inviting look down her tight 
sweater, giving me a close up of the smooth upper slopes of her 
breasts. Sometimes, when I was at home, and we were all sitting 
watching TV, she would sit with her legs curled up under her, exposing 
her long shapely legs to me I would sit and watch her and try to 
imagine just what her breasts would look like. Did she have nipples 
that became erect when they were caressed, and what about down below? 
The thoughts made me feel uncomfortable as I tried to suppress a 
growing erection. 

For my birthday, six months before Anna had joined our family, my
parents bought me a digital camera, a good one, an Olympus. I have 
always enjoyed photography, and using it in conjunction with my 
computer made it a wonderful addition. I was a qualified accountant and 
worked in the finance department at the local technical college. My 
work allowed me access to IT courses that were offered there. I applied 
for a course on digital photography and it taught me how to use 
programs like "Paint Shop" where you can do all kinds of things with 
photographs. 

One weekend while I was visiting my parents, I took some pictures of
Anna. With the aid of "Paint Shop," I removed her head and superimposed 
it onto pictures of nudes I downloaded from the Internet. They looked 
quite good, but I wondered to myself when I looked at them if they were 
anything like the real thing. I did not know it at the time, but I was 
going to find out sooner than I ever thought possible. 

I had moved into my apartment in town a couple of years before. I felt I
needed to be closer to work and needed a place of my own. After work, I 
used to call in for a drink at the "Kings Head," a pub close to the 
office where I worked. This particular evening, I was on my way to 
visit my parents and I had called in for a quick drink with Bill and 
James who worked with me in the same office. It was my turn to get in 
the drinks. I went to the bar, and when I returned, we had been joined 
by Harry, a guy who was a lab technician at the college. He was 
relating a story about his latest exploit. He was the local stud, or so 
he thought. You were never too sure with some of the stories he related 
if he were telling the truth or just spinning you a line. 

He was telling them about this stag party he had been out on a few
nights before where a few of the guys he was with had picked up these 
three girls, all crackers. These guys always were with Harry. They had 
invited them back to the hotel room where they were staying. There were 
six guys and three girls and it had, according to Harry, turned into 
some sort of orgy with everyone screwing the girls. I smiled when he 
told us about it. He looked across at me. "Don't you believe me?" he 
asked. 

"Well, it is a bit unlikely," I said, "that you should pick up three
young girls and they agreed to go back to your room, just like that." 

He smiled and pulled out his wallet. Unclipping it, he took out two
Polaroids and passed them over to me. The first one showed a young 
woman, naked apart from a brief pair of black panties, laid on her back 
across a coffee table. While two guys, one of them whom I recognised 
from our office, feasted on her breasts, she sucked on the cock of 
another guy standing over her. But it was the second picture that 
pulled me up with a start. It showed another girl, this time totally 
naked, standing on a bed. There was a guy standing behind her minus his 
pants. One of his hands was caressing her large breasts. Meanwhile, his 
other hand was thrust between her legs, feeling her pussy intimately. I 
could not make out where his cock was but I am certain it was inside 
her. 

"Well, what have you to say now? Is that proof enough?" For a moment, I
could not speak. I just stared at the picture, the reason being that 
the young girl cavorting naked on the bed was no other person than 
Anna, my mother's assistant, and the lust of my life. Harry saw me 
staring at the picture. "I bet you wish you could have been there," he 
said with a grin, reaching out and removing the pictures from my hand. 

I took a long drink of my beer. I could not believe what I had seen!
Anna, performing like that, and letting herself be photographed. What 
else had she done? My head was swimming. I excused myself from the 
group. I needed to be on my own. I needed time to think. 

As I walked towards the tube station, I slipped into a coffee bar. I
kept seeing the picture in my mind. I could still not believe that my 
Anna would do things like that, but I had seen it with my own eyes. I 
was shocked, but then a plan began to come into my mind. If the little 
slut could do it for some strangers, then she could do it for me. At 
first, I could not believe that I was thinking that way, but why not, 
why indeed? Suddenly, my thoughts were interrupted when my mobile rang. 
It was my mother to tell me that my Granddad had fallen down and had 
been taken to the hospital. This meant grandma had been left on her own 
and she needed caring for. Mum said they would have to go down that 
evening, and would I come over and stay with Anna? I could not believe 
my luck. 

When I at last arrived at my home, I found my parents already packed and
ready to be off. Anna was in the lounge watching TV. She smiled when 
she saw me. "I don't need baby sitting, you know. I can look after 
myself." 

I smiled. "You don't want to be on your own all weekend," I said. " It
will be far better if I am around." 

She nodded at me, "I suppose so," and then went back to watching TV. My
mother inquired if I had eaten. I nodded. I hadn't, but I did not want 
food at the moment. I went to the fridge and took out a can of lager. 
Then I helped dad out to the car with the cases. He said they would 
phone me when they got there and let me know the situation. Mum kissed 
me and told me that she knew Anna could look after herself but they had 
no idea how long they would be away. I assured my mother that I would 
look after her and see that she came to no harm. Yes, I thought to 
myself, I would certainly look after her. I waved my parents off. Then 
I went back in the house. In the lounge, Anna was still watching her TV 
program. She looked up. "Did they get off?" 

I smiled. "Yes, they are gone and I am not sure when they will be back."
I sat down opposite her, leaned back in the chair, closed my eyes, and 
imagined her sitting there naked. My turn would come. Yes, indeed it 
would. 

We had a pleasant evening together. I decided to bide my time and get to
know her better. It was well after midnight when she at last went up to 
bed. The next evening, Anna went out with her friends. She told me not 
to stop up and wait for her, as she would be late. I called around to 
my apartment and packed some things. I returned and spent the rest of 
the evening messing on dad's computer before deciding on an early 
night. I did not hear Anna come in. 

The following day was Sunday and we decided to spend it at home. I
cooked a nice meal for our early evening meal and opened a bottle of 
wine, making sure that Anna got a good share of it. After the meal I 
watched Anna bending over, loading the dish washer, her tight little 
bum sticking out. Was tonight going to be the night that I was going to 
see it in its naked glory? 

We retired to the lounge and I filled up her glass. My camera was on the
table at my side. I picked it up and took a picture of her. "What was 
that for?" she inquired. 

"Just thought I would like a picture of you," I said. "Mind you," I
continued, "it would have been better if you did not have any clothes 
on." She stared at me. "What in the hell do you mean by that remark?" 
she snapped. 

I smiled at her. "You did not seem to mind the other night in that hotel
room," I said. 

She looked at me again. "What are you talking about?" I told her about
the photograph and what I had been told by Harry. I could see from the 
look on her face that she knew what I was saying was correct. "What do 
you think my mother would say if I showed her that picture?" She looked 
at me aghast. "You have it?" I patted my pocket knowingly. I did not 
actually have it, but she was not to know that. "You would not show it 
to her, would you?" she said pleadingly. 

"Depends," I said, slowly. "That all depends on you." 

"Depends on what?" she asked. 

"Depends on whether you will be willing to show me what you showed those
guys." 

She looked at me. "You want me to take my clothes off for you?" 

I nodded. "That would be a nice gesture," I said smiling. 

"What? Here and now?" she asked. 

"No time like the present," I said."And if I did as you asked, you would
not show the picture to your mother?" I nodded. "I could be persuaded 
not too." 

She slowly got up from the chair and stood in the centre of the room
facing me. I picked up my camera again. "You're not going to take 
pictures are you?" 

I nodded. "Just as a memento." 

She was wearing a pink jumper and tight fitting jeans, her usual attire
around the house. I would have liked her to be in something more sexy 
but beggars can't be choosers. She crossed her arms over and took hold 
of the bottom of the jumper and pulled it slowly over her head, shaking 
out her blond hair as it came free of the jumper. Under it, she was 
wearing a crisp white bra with lacy cups. I could clearly distinguish 
the small mounds of her protruding nipples. 

She looked at me as I clicked the camera. Then she bent and unfastened
the jeans and pulled the zip down before easing them over her hips and 
sliding them down her long legs. She stepped out of them, bent down, 
and picked them up, dropping them on the sofa with her discarded 
jumper. Now at last I had a view of her wearing those sexy little 
panties that I had seen so many times fluttering on the washing line. 
They were white like her bra with a high waist; and the cut out legs 
made her long legs seem even longer. 

She looked at me, a slightly pleading look in her eyes. I know she did
not want to go any further, but I was not going to let her off so 
easily. "Carry on," I said softly. "You can't stop now." I saw her lick 
her lips nervously. Then her hands went behind her back and I watched 
the bra drop loose as it became unfastened. She took hold of the straps 
and slowly peeled it away, exposing her firm young breasts topped with 
magnificent hard brown nipples. 

She must have noticed that I was getting in a bit of a state. I saw her
begin to smile. Maybe she was also beginning to enjoy herself. She took 
a step closer as she hooked her fingers in the waistband of her brief 
panties. I saw her watching me closely as she slid them slowly over her 
hips. Then they fell in a tiny crumpled heap around her ankles. The 
smooth mound of her pussy was there before me. A slight vee of trimmed 
pubic hair decorated the base of her flat stomach. I could feel sweat 
beginning to run down my face as at last this vision of loveliness was 
standing totally naked in front of me. 

My camera was forgotten. I could only stare at the wonderful sight
before me. "Well," she said softly, "do you like what you see?" I 
stared and nodded dumbly. "You are so beautiful," was all I could 
manage to mutter. 

She stepped out of the panties and came over to where I was sitting. I
could smell the musky sweet smell of her body now that it was close to 
me. I could see clearly the details of her breasts and the crinkled 
brown buds of her erect nipples. 

She bent and picked the camera off my lap and placed it on the table.
Then to my amazement, she sat on my lap, putting her arm around my 
neck. I could feel the warmth of her body through my shirt. She 
wriggled around on my lap and I knew that she would be able to feel my 
erect manhood pressing into her. "My," she said sweetly, "we are a big 
boy tonight." I blushed. 

To start with, I had been the aggressor. Now she had turned the tables
on me. She took hold of my free hand and placed it over one of her 
breasts. It was so firm. The nipple pressed into my fingers as I began 
to caress it slowly and gently. She leaned close and whispered in my 
ear, "That feels nice, that feels very nice." 

I continued to caress her breasts, first one and then the other,
pinching the firm nipples between my fingers, making her groan softly. 
Then she took my hand and pushed it down her body. I felt her part her 
legs and I knew where she wanted me to be. That first touch on the warn 
dampness of her pussy lips sent shivers through both of us. Then my 
eagerly exploring fingers were probing between her lips into the warm 
wetness that lay beyond. 

I quickly located the hard bud of her clit and began to rub and roll it
gently with my fingers. Her groans became louder and her breath came in 
short gasps. My fingers worked faster as her gasps became sharper. She 
twisted her body on my knee and pressed my hand urgently against her 
until at last she could hold back no longer. With a cry, she seemed to 
collapse against me and I could feel her warm juices running between my 
fingers and soaking into my trousers. 

She lay back. I looked down at her. I lowered my head as I could not
resist taking one of her tempting breasts into my mouth and sucking 
gently on the hard nipple. She lay there quietly for a short while, 
allowing me the pleasure to suckle on her breasts as she slowly came 
around. At last she gently pushed me away and got to her feet. I 
noticed the wetness running down between her thighs. She reached out 
and pulled me to my feet and looked down at my trousers at the dark wet 
patch where her juices had soaked me. She smiled and I felt her begin 
to unbuckle my belt and ease down my zip. Then her hand was inside, 
gripping firmly on my erect manhood, easing it gently between her 
fingers. I felt my trousers fall to the floor quickly followed by my 
boxers. 

Now she used both hands, rubbing gently with one while the other cradled
my balls. She kissed my chest and began to move down my body. I 
realised what she was about to do. I did not really want this but I 
could not make myself stop her. Then she was on her knees in front of 
me, my manhood held firmly in her hand. A gasp of breath escaped my 
throat as I felt her wet lips kiss the head of my prick and then slide 
over it until it was deep in her mouth. I gripped her hair, wanting to 
pull her away. This was not what I wanted, but I only succeeded in 
pushing her head harder on to my throbbing tool. 

She was unbelievable, giving me the best blowjob that I had ever had in
my life. I felt the pleasure building up inside me and at last I could 
hold back no longer. I tried to pull away but she held me closer. I 
fought her but she would not let me go. At last, I could hold back no 
longer and with a burst of pleasure, I erupted into her throat, 
something that I had never experienced before. I could feel her sucking 
on my juices, milking me. It was unbelievable! 

At last it was over. I pulled her to her feet. She smiled, my juices
still running down her chin. I wiped them away and pulled her to me. We 
clung to each other. "Thank you," I whispered in her ear, "Thank you so 
much." She smiled up at me. "I enjoyed it as well you know." 

We clung together for a few minutes. Then she eased away from me, and
turned, bent over, and began picking up her discarded underwear. I now 
had a perfect view of her trim little bum, with just a glimpse between 
her legs of her delectable moist pussy. 

She picked up the clothes from the sofa and left the room. leaving me
standing there with my pants still around my ankles. I bent and pulled 
up my boxers and trousers. I was still a little shaken with the way 
things had turned out. I had no idea that she would go as far as she 
had. Had things gone too far, I wondered? Well, only time would tell. 

I did not see her the rest of the evening and when I went to bed, her
light was out. It took me some time to get to sleep, but at last I 
managed to fall asleep. I was awakened the following morning with a 
knock on my bedroom door. The door opened and in walked Anna, carrying 
a tray with two steaming cups of tea and a few rounds of toast. 

But it was not the breakfast tray that took my eye. It was what she was
wearing, or should I say not wearing? She had on a thin cotton wrap, 
but it was not fastened. Under it, she wore nothing. The wrap hung 
open, exposing her nakedness. The dark tuft of her pubic hair and the 
swell of her breast could clearly be seen. 

She smiled. "I thought I would treat you," she said, "after that most
entertaining evening we had." 

I looked up at her standing there beside my bed. "You enjoyed it?" I
asked. 

"Sure, didn't you?" she replied. I nodded. She bent over to place the
tray on my bedside table and as she did so, the wrap gaped open 
exposing her firm young breasts. She saw me looking and smiled. 

"I thought I would join you," she said, and then to my amazement, she
pulled back the sheets, slipped out of her wrap, and slid naked into my 
bed. The sight of her and the feel of her warm naked body pressing 
against mine gave me an immediate erection. "I know we should not be 
doing this," she said, "but I have to tell you I have fancied you ever 
since I was first introduced to you. Last night was something I have 
dreamed about for a long time." She turned and put her arms around me, 
hugging me close. I responded, encircling her warm naked body with my 
strong arms. 

After we parted, we sat and drank the tea and ate the toast in silence.
When we had finished, she lay back on the pillow. I looked down at her 
lying there, those glorious peaks exposed, capped by those rich brown 
nipples. I could not resist leaning over and kissing each of them 
gently. I lay down beside her and we talked. She told me about the 
night with Harry. Apparently, everything he had told us was the truth. 
She had been out with two of her girl friends, and they were quite 
drunk and on their way to get a taxi home when they had bumped into 
Harry's crowd. After a little persuading, they had agreed to go back to 
the hotel with them, and I knew the rest. 

She asked me if I thought what we had done was wrong, betraying my
mother's trust. I shrugged. "I suppose it is in some way, but if it is 
something we both want, what is the harm in it?" 

She smiled at me. "I hoped you would say that." She leaned over and
kissed me. "Would you like to make love to me?" she asked in almost a 
whisper. 

I looked at her. "Is that what you want?" I asked. She nodded. "More
than anything. Will you? I want you so much." I was certainly ready. I 
already had an erection from the time she stripped off and slipped into 
my bed. I looked down at her. "Are you sure that is what you want?" 

She nodded, reaching down and gripping my manhood tightly. "Yes,
please," she said, "I want to feel this lovely cock deep inside me." 
And with that, she spread her legs invitingly. 

I rolled between them, positioning myself. She guided me to the waiting
portals of her pussy, and with little effort, I slid easily into her. 
She was wet and waiting, her body thrust eagerly up to meet me, and we 
parried thrust for thrust. She had a tight pussy and she gripped 
tightly onto my rampant tool. She cried out for me to give it to her. A 
wave of pleasure swept through my body. She screamed at me that she was 
cumming. "Now! Now! Now!" she cried out. With a final lunge, I erupted 
into her. She, too, came on cue. We collapsed in a heap of sweating 
bodies. 

It was well after mid day that we finally arose from my bed. We had
experimented with every position we knew and some that were new to both 
of us. I had invaded every hole and entrance on her willing young body. 
She had given herself to me completely. Nothing was forbidden, nothing 
was out of bounds. 

That morning had been an incredible experience with Anna and I hoped
there was more to come. I had never expected anything like this from 
her. She was a wild animal, completely insatiable. From now on, it 
would be possible for me to live out my wildest sexual fantasies, with 
her help, of course. All she seemed to crave from me was sex. She said 
she would do anything I wanted her to do, anything I asked of her, and 
I think she meant it. She was my sex slave. 

We sat at the breakfast bar and ate more toast and drank more coffee. I
was just in my boxer shorts and Anna was wearing her thin cotton wrap. 
It was tied, but occasionally gaped open, offering me interesting views 
of the wonderful body underneath. We chatted like two children and made 
plans. I showed her the pictures that I had made up of her on the 
computer. She laughed when she saw them. "Did you think I would look 
like that?" she asked, looking at one of my better efforts. "Well, I 
did at the time, but I know better now." She grinned cheekily. I told 
her about some of the interesting sites on the Internet and what fun it 
would be to send in some of her pictures. She said that she would be 
worried that someone would recognise her, but I told her that the 
chance of that was very unlikely. We could change her name and details. 
I told her about one of my favourite sites, a German sight that 
exhibited pictures of girls naked in some very public places. She asked 
me to show her the site, so we went up to dad's study. 

She was very interested when she saw it. "Would you like to take
pictures of me like that?" she inquired. 

"Only if it were alright with you." 

She flicked through some more of the pictures on the site. "It must be
very exciting to do things like that," she said, pointing to one of the 
pictures. It was of a very attractive young girl completely naked in an 
open-air market. There were people all around her, and even though you 
could see some of them openly looking at her, she seemed completely 
unconcerned. 

"God," she said, "It must be an incredible turn on to be in a position
like that, just walking around with no clothes on and everyone looking 
at you." "Would you like to try it?" I inquired tentatively. 

She thought for a few moments. "If we could find somewhere a bit quiet
at first," she said, "I might be willing to have a go. Have you any 
ideas?" I thought for a moment. "Yes, maybe I have." I knew it would 
have to be the right place for her the first time. Then, if she liked 
the idea, we could go on from there. "Right," I said, "I know the ideal 
place to start." 

"Where is it?" she asked. 

"Wait until you get there. Then you will see." I pulled on some jeans
and a sweatshirt. 

Anna looked at me. "What do you want me to wear?" I looked at her
standing there in that flimsy wrap hardly covering her nakedness. "You 
will do just as you are," I said with a smile. Her eyes widened for a 
moment, and then she realised that I was joking. "Just go and take the 
wrap off and put on that white trench coat you usually wear." She 
grinned. "With nothing under it, I suppose?" I nodded. "You have sure 
got that bit right." She disappeared off into her bedroom and I went 
down stairs to sort out my camera. 

I was waiting in the hallway when she came down the stairs. She stopped
half way down. "Will I do?" she asked. I noticed that she had done her 
hair and applied some make up. "You look wonderful," I said. Then with 
a flourish, she opened the coat wide and I gasped at the sight. Yes, 
she was completely naked. Well, almost. The only things she was wearing 
were exciting dark hold up stockings with fancy lace tops and black 
patent high heels. "You look incredible," I said. 

Once in the car, we drove towards town. I could not believe my luck.
Sitting there in the seat beside me was my lovely Anna wearing nothing 
but a light coat to cover her naked body. She grinned when she told me 
it was a great turn on going out like this in nothing but a coat. I had 
already thought out my route. It was now 5 P.M. The local art gallery 
was the place I had decided on. It closed at 6pm, and during the last 
hour it was very quiet, ideal for what I had in mind. 

I parked the car in front of the gallery and walked up the steps. Anna
followed me. The old maid on the reception desk looked at her watch 
meaningfully as we went by. We slowly strolled around the rooms looking 
at the paintings. Luckily for us, as I had thought, there was hardly 
anyone in the gallery. Then I found what I was looking for. In the 
centre of one room was this copy of the sculpture of Venus de Milo. It 
was life size, created in white marble. I looked around-- there was no 
one about. I told Anna to stand by the sculpture and I stepped back and 
took out my camera. 

I sized up the picture in the viewfinder. Then I told Anna to undo her
coat. She looked around nervously. Seeing there was no one about, she 
slipped the belt undone. The coat fell open slightly, exposing her 
nakedness. I took a few quick shots like that. Then I instructed her to 
hold the coat open. Again, she checked around before doing as I asked. 
"Right," I said, "just a couple more and we will be on our way." I 
thought she looked a little relieved. I looked at her. "This time I 
want you to take the coat off all together. 

"She grinned. "You want me to stand stark naked in here. What if
somebody walks in?" 

I looked at her. "Then they will get a pleasant surprise," I grinned.
She quickly looked around before she slipped off the coat altogether, 
placing it onto a chair close by. Now she was truly naked the way I 
wanted her to be. She posed beside the naked figure of Venus with her 
warm young body contrasting nicely against the cool marble of the 
sculpture. I took about half a dozen shots, all the time hoping someone 
would walk in to the room and see her. I would have loved to see her 
reaction, but we were not disturbed. "Okay," I said when I had 
finished. "You can put the coat back on again." 

We tried it again in another of the rooms and this time she had gained
some confidence. I even got her to walk around the room looking at the 
pictures without the coat. I don't know how she felt but I was really 
turned on by the sight of her nakedness, and the bulge in my pants did 
not go unnoticed 

Back in the car, I asked her how she had felt standing naked in a place
like that. She looked at me. "It was an unbelievably strange sensation. 
It was very scary at first, but also very exciting." She reached for my 
hand and placed it between her legs. "Just feel down there," she said. 
"I am very wet, and you are going to have to do something about it when 
we get home." She parted her legs and I slid my hand over her smooth 
pussy. She was right. I could feel the warm damp moisture on my 
fingers. "Would you like to try some more before we go home?" she 
asked. I nodded. We called in at the local shopping mall. I managed to 
get a few with the coat open, but none with it off completely. There 
were far too many people about and I did not want to rush her into 
something that might spoil it for later. 

The nearest I got to getting her actually naked with people in the
picture was when we called in at the park on the way home. It was 
fairly quiet, but we managed to find some interesting locations with 
people in the background, although they were in the far distance. All 
in all, for the first time, I was reasonably pleased with what we had 
accomplished. 

When we arrived home, I would have liked to look at the results of our
escapade but she had other ideas and needs. Who was I to object? She 
grabbed me as soon as we were in the house, ripped off my coat and 
demanded to be made love to. Who could say no to such a lovely naked 
nymph? I quickly slipped out of my clothes and took her in the hallway 
lying against the stairs. I had no problem entering her portals. Her 
juices were flowing copiously. She seemed unaware of the discomfort she 
must have been in with her body resting against the hard stairs. All 
she wanted from me was sexual satisfaction. I obliged with pleasure. 
Afterwards, we went up to my room and made love again and again in a 
more comfortable and leisurely fashion, exploring the sexual delights 
of each other's bodies. 

It was the following day before I managed to get on the computer to see
the pictures. I was very pleased with them. I printed them off and took 
them in to show Anna. She was sitting up in my bed reading a magazine 
in her usual state of nakedness. Would I ever get used to looking at 
her perfect body? Those wonderfully firm breasts with their proud 
jutting nipples were a treat for anyone to behold. She looked through 
the prints slowly, nodding approvingly. "They are extremely good, 
aren't they?" she said when she had finished. "I still can't believe 
that we did it." 

I looked at her. "You are not sorry that we took them, are you?" I
asked. She shook her head. "No, not at all. It was such a turn on," she 
said. "I can't wait for the next time." Then she looked at me with a 
knowing smile. "Especially if I get the same payment afterwards." The 
next day, we decided to do some more after lunch as it was a wonderful 
sunny day. "What do you want to do?" I asked. "More like yesterday?" 

She nodded. "But this time can we do some with other people around?" I
looked at her. "Are you quite sure?" I inquired. 

She nodded. "Yes, I think so,. After what it was like last time, I
imagine it will be an even greater turn on with people around." 

We discussed where we should go and between us we decided to visit a
small country house I knew on the outskirts of town. It was, I decided, 
the ideal spot for our first experience with the public. We needed to 
find somewhere that was reasonable secluded, but with some people 
around. I did not want to put Anna in any danger, so it had to be a 
reasonably secure place. 

The place I had in mind seemed to fit the bill perfectly. The grounds of
Malden Hall were a riot of colour at this time of the year, yet another 
reason for picking this location. It would look good in the pictures. I 
noticed that the car park was reasonably full, but not overcrowded, it 
being mid-week. I knew from past visits that most people would be 
visiting the house. I turned to Anna. "Well, are you ready for this?" 
She nodded. "Maybe just a little apprehensive," she said, "but I know I 
am going to enjoy myself." She was wearing the same outfit as 
yesterday-- the white trench coat with the patent high heels and the 
dark stockings. It seemed to be a good idea to continue in wearing the 
same things if we decided to publish the pictures on the net. 

We took a walk around looking for some interesting locations. Anna
squeezed my hand and whispered that it felt very exciting walking 
around knowing that she was wearing nothing under her coat. I, too, was 
having some of the same feelings. I had always fantasised about doing 
something like this but never dreamt it would actually be happening to 
me. The first place we decided on was the rose garden, a walled 
enclosure with areas of gardens filled with wonderful smelling roses. 
There were walkways around the roses with seats placed at strategic 
positions. I let Anna decide where she wanted to sit, and she picked a 
seat in the centre of the garden. She sat on the seat and I checked 
that I was able to get a good view of her. I did not want to be too 
close, but I needed to be in a good position to take some pictures. 

"Okay," I said to her. 

She smiled. "Yes, let's do it." I walked away and took up my position. I
signaled to her that I was ready. She stood up and slipped out of the 
coat and placed it on the seat. Then she sat back on the seat and put 
her legs up, resting them along the seat. 

The sight of her sitting there naked surrounded by the roses looked
wonderful. I shot a few pictures. At the moment, there was nobody else 
in the garden, so I stood and waited. I did not have to wait long 
before a man appeared, walking a small dog on a lead. At first he did 
not seem to notice Anna as he walked around. Then I smiled to myself as 
I noticed his reaction as he spotted her. I saw him look at her, then 
look around. He looked towards where I was standing but I pretended to 
be more interested in the roses. I saw him change his direction so that 
he passed behind her and I managed to get off a couple of pictures. 
Slowly, he made his way nearer to where she was sitting, at last 
actually passing in front of her. 

I felt a twinge of jealousy as I saw him looking at her, taking in her
nakedness. As he was passing, the small dog pulled on its lead and went 
towards her. I watched as Anna smiled at it, then leaned over and 
patted it. This was great! I took several more pictures. She now seemed 
to be in conversation with the man who was by now, no doubt, getting a 
good eyeful of her exciting naked body. 

He suddenly looked up as three more people entered the garden. He nodded
to her and pulled the dog away, probably not wanting to be seen 
chatting to this young woman who for some reason was sitting in a 
public park without any clothes on. It did not take long for the group 
of three to spot her. I saw one of the women point her out to the 
others and I could see them grinning. The young man who was with them 
was more than interested to the extent that he almost fell over a small 
wall that he had not noticed as his attention was elsewhere. 

Anna had, I presume, gotten over her initial nervousness. She stood up
and began to wander around the roses seemingly quite unconcerned about 
her lack of clothes, and caused a bit of a stir as a small crowed had 
now gathered to watch her. It all made good photography and it was just 
what I was looking for. 

We spent about fifteen minutes in all in the rose garden before she
picked up her coat, and to the disappointment of some of the small 
crowd, slipped back into it. 

We moved on. I could see that she was very turned on by this first
experience with the public. She clung to me and whispered in my ear 
that she needed to be made love to. I looked at her. "Out here?" I 
asked, somewhat shocked. "Yes, please," she said. " I need you so 
badly." 

We took a path that led us through a small wooded area and found a
secluded spot just off the path. I put my camera equipment down on the 
ground. She leaned back against a tree opened her coat wide and parted 
her legs. She looked very wanton. She reached out and pulled me up 
against her naked body. I felt for her breasts. Her nipples were rock 
hard protrusions pressing into my hands as she thrust and ground her 
pelvis against me. 

Her hands almost ripped open the zip of my pants and then were inside
grabbing onto my already stiff member. She took control, guiding me 
into her warm very wet pussy, and when I was inside, thrust herself 
against me, impaling herself on my nine inches of hard flesh. It was 
over all too quickly but she got what she needed. We tidied ourselves 
up as best we could, cleaning ourselves with tissues from my camera 
bag. 

She had tasted the excitement of being naked in public and now wanted
more of it. We took some interesting shots around an ornamental pond, 
causing a bit of a stir as she leaned over and fed the fish, giving 
everyone near to her the wonderful sight of her tight firm bottom. Then 
we spent some time sunbathing on the grassy area in the centre of the 
park. It was amazing just how many people, mainly guys, went out of 
their way to walk past her and get an eyeful of her openly displayed 
nakedness. She seemed totally relaxed now, especially after our little 
sex session, and she was enjoying every minute of it. So much so that 
when we arrived back at the car park, as one last fling, she slipped 
out of her coat, tossed it into the car, walked across to an ice cream 
van, and bought us both a large cornet, much to the delight of the 
vendor and several of the motorists who hooted and waved to her. It 
also made for some interesting pictures. 

When we arrived home, she was not as frantic as the day before and did
not demand instant sex. Instead, she worked me up by preparing tea in 
just the stockings and high heels. By the time tea was finished, it was 
me that needed relief to calm down my throbbing member, and she duly 
obliged with one of her incredible blow-jobs. 

Afterwards, Anna went up to shower and I went and processed the
pictures. I was very pleased with the results. Anna came in with just a 
bath towel draped around her shoulders looking as beautiful as ever. 
She too was pleased with the result, and after a short discussion, we 
decided to send some of them off to the contributions side of the 
internet site we had looked at earlier. It excited her that soon people 
all over the world would be able to log in and have access to the sight 
of her exciting naked body. 

We were sleeping together regularly now and I was wondering how our
relationship would, or should I say could, continue when my parents 
returned from looking after my grandparents. Luckily for us, there was 
no sign of that at the moment. They had rung us to see if we were 
managing okay, and to tell us that they might have to stay a while 
longer. I told them there was no problems here. We were getting on well 
together. I had to smile when I said that because they could never have 
realised just how well. 

The weather was poor for the next couple of days so we did not get out
as we would have liked, but this did not stop us enjoying the pleasures 
that we got from being together. I photographed Anna around the house 
in the nude or in some of her very sexy outfits. When the need took us, 
as it often did, we made love wherever we were. Whether it be in the 
kitchen or in the lounge, we cared not. All that mattered was that our 
seemingly ever-increasing sexual needs were satisfied. 

When I logged into the internet that evening, I had e-mail from the
website thanking me for the pictures I had sent them. They were very 
enthusiastic about them and said that they would publish everything I 
could send them. I was very excited when I went onto the actual site 
and saw the pictures of my wonderful Anna published there for everyone 
to see. I called her upstairs and she smiled and hugged me when she saw 
them along with the wonderful comments about her that had been 
published alongside the pictures. 

That night as we lay together in bed with the sheets thrown back letting
the air conditioning cool our naked bodies that were aching and bathed 
in perspiration from our strenuous love making, I turned to Anna and 
asked her what she would like to do next in our little game. "I am not 
sure," she said, smiling at me. "You got me into this and it is like a 
drug. I don't seem to be able to get enough of it." I reached over and 
cupped her warm breast, feeling the nipple still aroused from our 
lovemaking. I caressed it gently in my hand. Anna groaned softly. " I 
hope you are going to be able to follow up on that," she said, sliding 
her hand down to grip my by now flaccid member. "And by what I can feel 
down here, there is no chance." I grinned at her. "I am sure that you 
are capable of arousing it if the necessity arises." She laughed. "No, 
I was just thinking what you would like to do next" 

She thought for a minute and shrugged her shoulders. "I don't mind. All
I know is I like being naked, and I like people to look at me, to see 
my body. It feels great." She thought for a moment. "But I don't want 
to get into anything sleazy like stripping or table dancing. I don't 
like the idea of working for somebody in those grotty (seedy, wretched, 
dirty) downtown clubs. I would not mind doing some modeling work, but 
those guys have seen it all before so it is not new to them. I don't 
know, what do you think?" 

"Well, we are going to have to continue doing the nude in public thing.
As you saw, they want more. I do have a few other ideas we could maybe 
do. We could go into business for ourselves. I saw this program on the 
TV the other night about kinky jobs. There was this woman who went 
around doing housework for guys. The thing was that she did it in the 
nude." Anna laughed. "The idea's good and appealing but I am not that 
keen on housework." 

"Let me think about it," I said. "I will come up with something." 







