Author: mypenname3000
Title: The Son of Lust Chapter Sixteen: Taming the Rakshasa Princess
Summary: Kurtis has to tame a deadly rakshasa princess!
Keywords: MF FF FFF inc BDSM bond D/s oral anal fantasty magic toy monster exhib voy A2P

Copyright: 2021

Visit my blog at http://mypenname3000.com

Note: This story was commissioned by Ultrasound 7 and has allowed me to share it with you. This may contain scenarios and acts that I normally wouldn't write. There will be a strong sex slave/domination theme. I will keep this from violating any cannon established in the world and I developed the mythology that drives this story.
Kurtis  Ankush, the Queendom of Naith

Kurtis  Ankush, the Queendom of Naith

Pyrriah's hand snatched the dagger from the air before it could slam into my face.

I swallowed at that point quivering an inch from me. 

Princess Naryu lounged on her divan, her naked body slender and petite, her brown breasts small cones quivering as she drew in deep breaths. The rubies adorning her nipple piercings gleamed at the pinnacle of her inhalations. Her tiger head fixed me with hard, feline eyes. Her whiskers quivered.

She rose from the bed with grace, claws thrusting from her fingertips. Her pussy gleamed with her excitement. She breathed in and I could see it in her eyes. She expected to die. Her three bodyguards, the slaves she owned, were dead.

I regretted that. I didn't want to kill them, but they fought with too much skill. I should have come up with a better plan than this, a better way to tame Princess Naryu, but those men were loyal to her to the death.

I hadn't planned for that.

She, however, didn't care one bit about them. Only her life mattered.

With a snarl, she lunged at me, her naked from blurring fast. But my sister and Nephi were faster. Pyrriah, her red hair almost burning, flowed past my right side, throwing the dagger to the floor. My sphinx pounced from the left. They grabbed Princess Naryu's wrists and pulled her short. Her jaws, and those sharp fangs, snapped just inches from my face. I faced her with a cold calm. I had her now. My sister and sphinx hauled her back and slammed her into the wall beside her divan, pinning her hands above her head. 

The rakshasa twisted her head and tried to rip into Pyrriah's shoulder. But my sister was too quick. She twisted out of the way, her glowing strands of red hair dancing in her wake. The rakshasa snarled in frustration.

Lasla, I said, walking into the room, my dragon-mother and other sister following at my heels.

Y-yes, Kurtis, Lasla whimpered, shaken by the violence. She was so sweet and gentle.

Gold manacles appeared, bolted to the wall. They bond the princess. Pyrriah and Nephi stepped back, the rakshasa snarling and snapping. I smiled at the gorgeous and thrashing princess. Her rubies gleamed. Juices ran down her thighs.

You are going to be mine, I said, smiling at the princess. I advanced on her and unbuckled my sword belt.

Just kill me! she snarled. She pulled at the manacles, but they held. Lasla's powers could never be defeated. Her lusts were too strong. Put a dagger in my heart, or I will find a way to rip out your throat, Kurtis!

I can't kill you, I said, my sword belt falling to the floor along with my tulwar. I opened my robe and slipped out of that. I strode naked and hard to her. I put my hand on her belly, stroking her brown skin. You're carrying my daughter. I smiled. I can just feel her in there. She's growing strong and fast. I could never harm either of you.

And how are you going to make me yours! hissed the rakshasa. Whip me. Beat me. Brand me! I won't submit.

Pain, Lasla sneered, shaking her head. That's what's wrong with you rakshasas. There's a better way to tame you. She grabbed my cock from behind and stroked up and down it. My brother shall master you with his mighty rod.

The princess's eyes flicked down to my cock throbbing in my sister's hand. She shuddered as I stroked her lust. She was already aroused from the blood being spilled, the predator in her turned on by the violence. But now I had to shift that to my cock. To being turned on by a man fucking her. claiming her.

Dominating her.

I stepped up to her, breaking away from my sister's embrace. Lasla's arms fell from around me. The rakshasa growled. Her tongue flicked over her lips. Her furry lips curled back, whispers quivering. She wanted to rip out my throat.

Pyrriah and Nephi, I said.

They grabbed the rakshasa princess's muzzle. They shoved her head, keeping her jaws from finding my flesh. She would rip my throat out if she could. But I would tame her. I smiled and grabbed her thighs. I lifted her.

She snarled, dangling from her wrists. The rumbling growls of the rakshasa brimmed with danger. I wrapped her thighs around my waist, my cock nuzzling against the shaved folds of her pussy. Her hot cuntlips pressed down on my cock.

I won't be tamed by a man's cock! she snarled.

You sure? Pyrriah asked, her free hand grabbing one of the princess's nipple piercings. My twin twisted that ring. 

The rakshasa gasped, her lusts swelling. I fanned her ardor and thrust my cock into her cunt. I buried to the hilt in her snatch. I savored her silky pussy squeezing around my dick. She growled as I slid deeper and deeper into her. I held her by the ass now, lifting her in my strong arms.

My cock twitched in her pussy. She growled as her lusts swelled. She gripped me with her thighs, her body instinctively reacting to my dick in her. Rakshasas were birthed out of Las's lust. My father's passion brimmed in them.

You feel that big, hard cock in you? I asked.

Yes! panted the rakshasa. Want me to tear your throat out while you fuck me? You can die spilling your seed in me.

Tempting, I said, but I would prefer you kissing at my throat with those soft, human lips.

Never!

You sure? I asked. Your body's moving like my cock being in you is the greatest thing in the world. That you just crave it. Want it. You're just dripping for me to fuck it in and out of your cunt, aren't you?

You're delusional, she growled.

Then why are you stirring your hips around my cock? Mmm, you're just massaging me. It's incredible to feel that pussy sliding around my dick. I groaned as she stopped. I smiled at her. Oh, no, you were enjoying that. Why did you halt.

I'm not a weak whore. I won't be broken.

Okay, I said and pulled out of her. I pushed her thighs apart. She gasped as her weight pulled on the manacles before she got her feet back beneath her. She growled as I stepped back, my cock dripping in her cunt cream. This would be fun. Pyrriah. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Pyrriah

Mmm, kitty cat, looks like I get to play with my twin, I purred and stepped back to Kurtis. 

The princess tried to bite me again. 

Naughty kitty cat, I said and spun around. 

I threw my arms around my brother's neck. I kissed him hard, his wet cock pressing into my belly. I shuddered, reveling in the embrace of my twin. My tongue danced in his mouth. His hands grabbed my ass. He was so strong.

Just watch, Lasla purred. This is the passion that you're going to get if you submit.

I'll never submit! growled the princess.

I broke the kiss and moaned, We'll see. My brother is quite the lover.

Kurtis grinned. Then he grabbed my ass and lifted me off the ground. I wrapped my legs around his waist and shuddered as he carried me to the divan. He set me down on it and broke out of my embrace. His hands pushed my thighs wide apart, my red fur surrounding my twat.

With a growl, my brother buried his face into my snatch. I gasped as he licked at my tangy twat. My breasts jiggled as I stretched my back. I stared at the bound rakshasa. Her triangular ears twitched while her eyes watched me squirming.

Oh, Kurtis, yes! I moaned, grabbing a fistful of my twin's hair. I love it when you go down on me.

Mmm, every pussy is delicious, growled my brother into my snatch, but yours and Lasla's are amazing.

He'll eat yours, Lasla said. When you're his.

It's so wonderful being his, the sphinx rumbled. You won't regret it.

My mother is the queen of Naith! hissed the princess. I am not a man's toy.

You sure about that? Kurtis asked and then thrust his tongue into my cunt.

I gasped in delight. I arched my back as he swirled his tongue around in my twat. It was so amazing to feel. I groaned, my thighs clamping down on his head. I humped against him, loving the feel of him licking my twat.

His whiskered lips rubbed into my labia. His tongue fluttered around in me. I groaned, my boobs jiggling. The rakshasa watched as my brother devoured me. My hair flickered with red light as I enjoyed his incestuous mastery of my body.

He knew how to lick and lap at me. He knew just what to do to make me cum. 

Oh, yes, yes, I love you, brother! I moaned, my thighs gripping his head.

Mmm, and I love you, my sexy twin, I growled. Let me show you.

Kurtis! I squealed.

His tongue slid around my clit. My bud burst with sparks. I loved it. My head tossed back and forth. My thighs gripped him. I ground my furred muff on his face, using my thighs to smear my cunt cream on his lips.

I groaned, my expression twisting with pleasure. This was just such a delight. I groaned, this amazing pleasure building and building in me. I would have such a powerful orgasm. I would cum on my brother's mouth.

He sucked on my clit.

Oh, Gods, Kurtis! I moaned. I love it when you eat me. Ooh, it's almost as good as your cock in me.

Almost as good, Lasla purred. You remember that delight, Princess Naryu.

A rumbling growl came from the rakshasa.

Oh, you're pretending, Lasla said, a sneer in my sister's voice, but your dripping pussy shows me you want to be his.

I'll rip you all limb from limb! snarled the rakshasa.

Uh-huh, I moaned. Oh, yes, yes, Kurtis, suck on my clit. That's so good. Oh, I'm going to explode.

My brother nursed with such hunger on me. My clit pulsed and throbbed with the pleasure of this moment. I groaned, my toes curling. It was such a great delight. I panted, my head tossing from side to side. 

I squeezed my thighs around his head. His lips suckled with passion. Jolts of delight from my clit fed my building orgasm. Sparks showered through my cunt. I squirmed into the couch, my hair glowing brighter and brighter.

Red light burst through the room.

I came.

Kurtis! I howled, gushing my incestuous juices into my twin brother's mouth.

He licked and lapped at me. I gasped, my thighs pinning his head to my cumming pussy. He dragged his tongue over my flesh. I shuddered, whimpering. This was incredible. This was such a delight to feel. I whimpered and groaned.

Oh, Gods, yes! I whimpered.

The pleasure washed through me. It was incredible to feel. To enjoy. I shuddered, my head tossing from side to side. My brow furrowed as I enjoyed that wonderful tongue of his licking and lapping at my pussy. He drank my juices.

That could be you, Lasla purred. That ecstasy. Kurtis will give it to you. Submit.

Never! snarled the rakshasa.

I winked at Princess Naryu as I hit the peak of my orgasm. I quivered there and then groaned as Kurtis rose, my thighs spilling off his shoulders. Then they hooked his waist. I smiled at him. Winsome and lusty. 

He smiled back, lips dripping in my tangy cunt cream.

With a hungry growl, My brother hugged me tight. He kissed me on the mouth. He tasted like my pussy. That wonderful flavor coated his lips. I loved it. My tongue danced with his. I kissed him with hunger, cleaning up those juices. I whimpered and moaned, my fingernails digging into his back.

I whimpered as my cunt gripped him. I held him tight as he pressed his cock into my pussy. Then he slammed into me. In moments, I was one with my brother again. We were united, one flesh just like we were in our mother's womb.

Kurtis drew back and slammed back into my cunt. I welcomed his cock. I reveled in my brother's dick burying into me again and gain. He fucked me with passion. He drove that cock into my cunt. He fucked me with such force.

Mmm, he'll fuck you that much exuberance, Lasla cooed. Submit.

I won't! snapped the princess.

But you're so wet. Look at that river of cream flooding down your thighs. You want his cock back in you. You want him to fuck you as hard as he's fucking my sister. Look at him. He's pounding her cunt with passion. She's going to cum hard on him.

I broke the kiss with my brother. So hard!

Always, he growled, slamming into my cunt. My brother smiled down at me as he plowed his dick into my snatch's depths. 

I smiled up at him, staring into his blue eyes. I loved his cock slamming into me. He fucked me with passion. He rammed that dick to the hilt in me. His balls smacked into my taint. I knew they were full of his cum.

He would baste my pussy.

He would pump so much jizz into me. I wanted it. I clenched my cunt down on his cock as he thrust away at me. He fucked me so hard. He buried to the hilt in me. My boobs rubbed into his chest, nipples throbbing. He plowed into me with such passion.

I groaned, my cunt drinking in the friction. His every thrust into me brought me closer and closer to my incestuous orgasm. I clawed my brother's back, raking down him as she fucked me so hard. I whimpered, my body about to explode in orgasmic delight.

Yes, yes, yes! I moaned. Oh, Gods, that's incredible.

Uh-huh, he groaned. Las's big dick, you're tight.

Just keep fucking me! I trembled beneath him, my boobs rubbing into his chest. I'm going to cum.

Mmm, don't you want to cum on my brother's cock, Princess Naryu, Lasla cooed.

No! the princess snapped.

Liar. You are so wet for it.

You want to cum like this! I gasped as my brother slammed his cock into my cunt. My pussy drank in the friction. His cock filled me up.

I erupted.

My pussy writhed around my brother's cock. My flesh rippled and writhed around him. I sucked at him, the pleasure spilling through my mind. It was incredible. I shuddered, my snatch spasming as he plunged his cock into me.

Yes, yes, yes! I howled. Las's big dick, I love cumming on your cock, brother! It's the best. Oh, yes, yes!

Pyrriah, he growled, the fiery light from my hair glowing across his face. That pussy... I love it when your pussy convulses around me.

He pumped away at my spasming cunt. He made me shudder. Another orgasm burst across my face. It was such a delight to feel. My cunt spasmed around his cock. My flesh sucked at him, hungry for his seed.

With a groan, my brother slammed to the hilt in me and exploded. I gasped, my cunt welcomed him with spasming delight. His cum pumped into my depths. I reveled in my brother's incestuous seed. He filled me up. He pumped me full of his cum.

He's spurting all his jizz into me! I gasped. Oh, yes, yes, Princess Naryu. I know you want to feel his cum in you.

She growled.

You do, Lasla purrs. You're making a puddle with your whore cream. You're dripping wet.

Yes! growled Kurtis. His back arched as he fired the last of his cum into me. He basted my snatch. I swam in it.

Oh, that was amazing, I breathed. Gods, I loved that, Kurtis. I love you. I hugged my brother and kissed him with passion, the rakshasa princess watching on and rattling her chains. I could feel her need to rip out my throat.

And fuck my brother.

I smiled. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Lasla

Look at this naughty toy, I purred, holding up the golden dildo had conjured. This will help to motivate you.

I won't cum on a dildo, the rakshasa spat.

I know, I said. This toy isn't to make you cum.
 
I activated it. The shaft vibrated in my hand. It hummed, but not that much. Vibrating dildos was something I had created. I usually made them buzz with much more strength. But I wanted this to drive her wild. To make her explode.

But never quite reach it.

You're going to be a ball of frustration, I said as I fell to my knees before her. Unless you want to reconsider.

This won't work, she said. It would be haughty but the shape of her muzzle gave her a strange cadence to her words. Not quite human.

We'll see, I told her and shoved the vibrator into her pussy.

She shuddered as the toy buzzed away in her. Her whiskers twitched. Then she let out what sounded like feline laughter. This? This? You seek to drive me wild with something that pathetic. I barely feel it.

Oh, it'll drive you more and more wild, I promised as my brother fell to his knees behind me. But, if you submit, my brother will fuck you hard.

I don't want his cock, Princess Naryu snarled.

Liar, my brother said. I can feel your lusts, Princess. I'm Las's son.

Her eyes widened. She sucked in a hissing breath. A demigod?

Three of them, I moaned as my brother pressed his wet cock between my butt-cheeks. He was fresh from Pyrriah's cunt.

My sister would lube him.

Now, my brother is going to fuck my asshole. He's going to pound me and make me explode. Unless... I smiled at her. Do you need a real cock in you?

No! growled the rakshasa, her whiskers quivering.

I smiled and watched her hips wiggling back and forth. Pussy cream ran down her legs, her inner thighs and calves gleaming. There was a small puddle of her juices on the floor. I had never quite seen the like before.

She was frustrated.

Already, I could see the signs of need in her as my brother pushes his cock against my asshole. My greedy anal ring swallowed his cock with ease. My sister's passion lubed the way as I watched the rakshasa humping the air, the gold end of the dildo dripping with her cream.

A purr rose in her throat. Her chains rattled. Her head arched back and triangular ears twitched. I shuddered, savoring my brother's big dick filling up my asshole. He sank to the hilt in me. I shuddered, savoring him in me.

My brother's hands slid up my body and found my round breasts. He squeezed them as he drew back his cock. My bowels clung to him. I held him tight. I groaned as plunged back into me. He slammed into my bowels.

Yes, yes, yes, I groaned, staring up at the princess. I'm going to cum so hard on his dick. Mmm, don't you want to cum.

No, she yowled, her hips humping the air.

Liar, my brother growled, his hands squeezing my tits. 

I smiled as he slammed into me. He fucked me hard. My brother rammed his cock into my bowels. He pounded me with passion. I gasped and groaned, my bowels clenching about his thick dick as he buried into me over and over again.

My brother fucked me hard. He pounded my asshole with his powerful strokes. His shaft plundered me while I watched the rivers of pussy cream spilling down Princess Naryu's cunt. I loved the sight. 

It was such a beautiful vista.

Gods, look at her, my brother growled. Lasla, you deserve to cum a thousand times. She's going wild.

I'm not! the princess yowled. The anger was gone from her voice. She fought against her orgasm.

It would never come.

I just want you to tame her, I moaned. I want you to love all of Las's daughters because I'm one of them.

Yes, you are, moaned Pyrriah. She stood nearby, cum running down her thighs.

I licked my lips and squeezed my bowels around my brother's cock. He buried to the hilt in me again and again, my pussy reveling in his shaft as he drew back and then plunged back in. He pounded into my bowels. He fucked me with such passion. He drove me wild as he slammed his dick into my asshole with such force.

I groaned, loving that delight. My pussy drank in the heat melting out of my asshole. My brother's balls smacked into me. It was such a thrill to be fucked by him with all his prowess. I shuddered, squeezing my flesh around his dick.

Oh, god, you sure you don't want to cum? I moaned.

Sure, yowled the rakshasa. Her whiskers twitched. She licked her furry chops, her small breasts quivering. Pussy cream ran down her thighs. The vibrator buzzed away in her. Just... just... take that out of me.

When you beg for my cock to fuck you! growled my brother, his dick slamming into my asshole.

Never! the rakshasa snarled.

Then enjoy that toy buzzing in you until Dauthaz collects your soul! Kurtis panted. He slammed hard into me.

It's an amazing dick, purred my step-mother. The dragon hugged Pyrriah from behind, hands sliding down her daughter's stomach to those red curls dripping in Kurtis's cum. You're going to cum and cum and cum on his cock.

No! yowled the rakshasa.

You will, Nephi said. He tamed me. You're just a kitty cat compared to me. The sphinx darted her head in a quick and licked across the princess's hard nipple.

The rakshasa bucked against her golden manacles. I maintained those and the vibrator with the power my lusty father gave me. I loved having her bound up. We would break her with pleasure. Show Pradu that she was wrong about how to make a loyal slave.

Pleasure was the superior, and moral, way.

My brother slammed his cock into my bowels over and over again. He pumped at me. He buried that dick to the hilt in me again and again. It was amazing to feel. I loved every second of it. I savored that wonderful bliss. He fucked me hard and fast. He buried into my asshole with powerful strokes.

My orgasm swelled and swelled. Pussy cream soaked my bush and ran down my thighs. My cunt rejoiced at being ass-fucked by my hunky brother. I clamped my bowels down around him. I groaned, my face scrunching up.

I rocked back into him, our flesh slapping together. That naughty sound echoed through the room. I shuddered, hurtling towards my orgasm. I would have such a mighty climax on his dick. I groaned, my bowels clenching about his dick.

Watch my sister's face, Princess Naryu, growled my brother.

The rakshasa glanced down at me, her whiskers twitching more. She purred and yowled, her body twitching. The vibrator hummed away in her cunt, driving her wild. But it wasn't enough stimulation to let her cum.

Watch the joy as she cums, Princess! my brother groaned as he slammed his cock to the hilt in me.

I gasped and exploded.

He knew I would. He could feel it building and building in me. I gasped and moaned, the pleasure blazing out of my cunt. Stars burst across my vision. My flesh rippled and writhed around his dick. I savored that heat rippling and writhing around my bowels.

Oh, Gods, yes! I gasped.

See that passion! my brother growled, pumping away at my hot bowels.

I stared up at the rakshasa princess, my vision narrowing to a dark cone focused on her. Stars danced in the black. I whimpered, hot winds gusting ecstasy through my body. They howled over my mind.

That's what you'll get! Kurtis growled and slammed into my bowels.

His cock plunged to the hilt in me. He filled up my asshole. I groaned ash is cum fired into me. He spurted and spurted his jizz into me. I groaned as she basted my bowels with all this spunk. It was incredible. I enjoyed every moment of it. 

I gasped as my anal sheath milked my brother's cock. Fresh gales of hot rapture blew through my body. They scoured my mind. I groaned and trembled, pussy cream spilling down my thighs. My brother filled me up.

This is what you'll get! I moaned,. Just surrender to my brother. Submit!

Never! she yowled, pulling at her chains. She ripped her gaze from my face as I trembled through my ecstasy. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Kurtis

Kneel and take my dirty cock in your cunt, I growled.

Yes, Master, Nephi moaned and sank before me. Her tawny ass clenched and then wiggled at me. Her thick bush of dark-red hair dripped with her cunt. Ram that dirty cock into me and fuck me hard.

Unless there's someone else who'd like to cum? I said, smiling at the princess.

She growled at me, but there was no heart in it. She warred against that need to cum.

Mmm, Mother and Lasla. Suck on her nipples. Let's give her some more delights. Get her on the verge of her climax.

Yes, Lasla breathed and rose from where she knelt, her butt-crack matted with my cum.

Gladly, Master, my dragon-mother breathed, her blue hair sweeping about her pale face.

My sister and mother both leaned in and suckled on the rakshasa's nipples. Princess Naryu bucked, pulling on the manacles. She would never escape this. The vibrator hummed away. I could feel it stimulating her snatch. Driving her wild. Mad with pleasure.

She would break. 

Then she would be mine.

I fell to my knees behind my sphinx. I smacked my cock on her ass, my dick still warm from Lasla's asshole. Nephi brimmed with desires. She ached for me to fuck her. She looked over her shoulders at me, her eyes brimming in delight.

Mmm, fuck her hard, Pyrriah said. And you, princess, don't you want to cum on that cock. If you don't say something, well, you'll have to wait until he's done with Nephi.

I don't need his cock! the rakshasa yowled. She threw back her head and purred louder. Her orgasm swelled in her.

Liar, I said and thrust into Nephi's cunt.

Oh, Master, yes! she moaned. Her cunt clenched down on my cock, buffing my shaft clean of my sister's asshole.

The sphinx's pussy welcomed me with wet and delicious passion. I groaned, savoring that wonderful embrace. She was perfect, her cunt throbbing about me. I loved every second of her gripping me. It was amazing to have her squeezing about my shaft.

I pumped away at her. I fucked at her with passion. I buried into her cunt with those hard strokes. I plowed hard and fast. I fucked her with passion. It was amazing to enjoy. I grunted and groaned. I fucked her fast.

Her tight sheath polished my pole. Her juices washed away all that dirty ass. I grinned, savoring the submissiveness of my sphinx. My balls smacked into her bush, heavy with my next load of cum to fire into her.

My mother and sister sucked on the princess's nipples. The rakshasa moaned, Let me go.

Not until you beg to cum on my dick, I groaned, thrusting away hard and fast into my sphinx's pussy. 

I buried into her snatch over and over again. I felt that pressure building and building in me. That need to cum. That mighty explosion of jizz that would burst out of me. I growled as I pumped away at her, monitoring the princess's pleasure.

She rattled her chains, purring louder and louder as Lasla and my dragon-mother nursed on those hard nipples. The vibrator hummed away in the rakshasa's cunt. Her pussy juices perfumed the air with that tangy musk.

Yes, yes, yes! she yowled, back arching.

Stop sucking! I growled, slamming into my sphinx's pussy.

My mother and sister popped their mouths off, leaving the princess's nipples and their piercings gleaming in saliva. The rakshasa convulsed. Her body shook and small tits heaved. Her ears twitched with violent spasms. 

No! she roared. I was so close. Just... just...

Beg for my cock, I growled, thrusting into Nephi's cunt hard and fast. I plunged into her pussy while the rakshasa wrenched her gaze away from me.

Princess Naryu breathed heavily, her small breasts rising and falling. She couldn't stop squirming. Couldn't stop that naughty dance that made her breast quiver. She was such a naughty looking delight. I smiled, my cock throbbing as I fucked my sphinx's cunt.

I loved the sight as I pounced Nephi. I studied the rakshasa. She whimpered and yowled, purrs rumbling from the throat. I could feel her frustration brimming in her. It swelled and swelled as she humped the air.

Not too late to enjoy my cock, I groaned, thrusting away hard and fast into Nephi's cunt. Mmm, I'll cum in her and the fuck you.

You won't have me! she groaned. I'm not yours. Not your... your...

Kitty cat? I suggested.

She snarled, but there was no fury in her eyes. Only lust.

I winked at her and kept fucking Nephi. Her delicious pussy brought me closer and closer to cumming. Closer and closer to reaching that pinnacle of rapture. I shuddered, slamming into my sphinx's cunt.

Nephi's delighted purr rumbled from her chest. Her pussy clenched down on me as I fucked her hard and fast. I buried to the hilt in her again and again. I loved the way her cunt clenched about me. She wiggled her hips, clearly loving my cock.

Please let me go, Princess Naryu begged.

You know what you have to do, I said. Mmm, Nephi, your pussy is melting my cock.

Good, Master. She wiggled her hips, stirring her snatch around my thrusting dick. I'm going to cum, too.

I grabbed her big boobs and squeezed them. My kneading touch on her breasts had her gasping and moaning. Her cunt clenched about me. She held me tight as I thrust to the hilt in her. She gasped and clamped down around me.

Then she came.

Master! she yowled.

Her pussy went wild around my cock. I smiled and savored that wonderful snatch rippling and writhing around my dick. I slammed to the hilt of her spasming cunt. her pussy sucked at me. The princess purred and fought at her restraints.

Please, she croaked.

I came in my sphinx's cunt.

The pleasure shot through my body. Powerful spurts of cum that slammed into my mind. I growled through my bliss, squeezing my sphinx's tits. My cock unloaded over and over again. I snarled, my cock pumping load after load of my spunk into her.

Beg for his cock, moaned Nephi. We're both felines born of Las's cum. You need this cock. He's Las's son.

The princess squeezed her eyes shut, the vibrator humming away in her.

I groaned and fired the last of my cum into my sphinx's cunt. I shuddered and then I ripped my cock out of her. I stood up, my dick dripping. My sisters and mother stared at it, all of them licking lips. I glanced at the princess, her eyes still shut.

Who wants my cock next? I demanded.

Master, me, moaned my dragon-mother. I haven't had a chance to enjoy you.

The rakshasa whimpered. Her body trembled, those boobs quivering. Her orgasm hovered just out of her reach. She pulled on her chains, needing it, but unable to get it. I grinned and smiled at my busty mother.

She sank onto her back, her legs spreading wide. She wore only her golden collar. She beckoned with her arms. I slid down to my knees and then draped myself over my mother. I kissed her on the mouth. My tongue thrust past her lips while my chest settled on her boobs.

She groaned as her nipples rubbed into my torso. She squirmed as her hands grabbed my back. Her thighs gripped me. She pulled me tight. Her tongue danced with mine. It was incredible to feel. I nuzzled into her hairless pussy.

I fucked my mother's cunt.

The princess yowled in aching need.

I thrust away at my mother's twat. I kissed her with hunger as she held me in her tight embrace. Her arms, legs, and cunt gripped me. I loved pumping away at her. Her tongue danced with mine as I felt everyone watching us.

My cock ached and throbbed in her pussy. Every thrust into her built and built my orgasm. I rose towards it. That mighty burst of cum that would have my jizz firing into her snatch. My heart hammered in my chest as I enjoyed her twat. I savored that wonderful snatch. 

I broke the kiss and growled, Las's big dick!

Mmm, and my son's huge cock! Mother moaned. Yes, yes, stir up my cunt. I love it when you're back in me, Master!

I grinned at her and slammed into her cunt, her boobs rubbing into my chest. They were so soft. Such a delight to feel as I pumped away at her. My balls smacked into her taint laden with a load of cum for my dragon-mother to enjoy.

She humped back into me, using her thighs gripping my hips as leverage. I groaned as she bucked into my thrusts. She whimpered, her face twisting in delight. Her orgasm swelled fast, building and building towards her release.

The princess whimpered. She needed it. Ached for it.

I smiled and pumped away at my mother's cunt. I buried to the hilt in her again and again. I savored every moment being in the hole that had birthed me. Her pussy squeezed about me. It was incredible. I growled as I fucked her hard and fast, savoring her incestuous depths.

Master! my mother moaned and then her pussy went wild around my cock.

I buried into my mother's snatch, her boobs rubbing into my chest. She held me tight, arms and legs wrapped about me with a fierceness only she possessed. I groaned at it. Maybe it was the fact she was my mother or maybe it was the dragon in her.

Either way, I savored it as I came.

Yes! she moaned as my seed pumped into her snatch.

I flooded my mother with spurt after spurt of my cum. I basted her, groaning as I unloaded all my jizz in her. just every drop of spunk that I had in me. My balls emptied into her while the pleasure slammed into my mind.

I savored the taboo rush of cumming in my mother's pussy. Her cunt rippled around me. She moaned and shuddered, her body twitching beneath me. My jizz pumped into her. I panted as I emptied every bit of my spunk into her. 

Pleasure blazed through me for one more moment. Then it died to embers. But I wasn't out yet. Oh, no, had more pussies to fuck.

I stood up, ripping out of my mother's cunt, and snarled, Who's next?

My women all moaned their wanton desire for me. They were all wet and eager for my cock, even my mother who dripped with my seed.

Me! Princess Naryu roared. I need your cock in me. I need you to fuck me hard. Pound me. Make me explode on your dick. I need it.

Are you mine? I demanded, advancing on her.

Yes! she gasped. Anything. I'll do anything. Just make me cum. Make me explode on that big dick.

I felt the truth of her. A flash of gold and then her collar appeared about her throat, squeezing her fur about her. I smiled at it. Lasla's beautiful work. The rakshasa purred and whimpered. She humped against me.

Yours! Yours! she roared. Your kitty cat.

Lasla, the vibrator, I said.

It vanished from Princess Naryu's cunt.

She panted, her body shaking from the relief. I approached her. Her eyes stared at me. They were no longer predatory. I felt only lust and submissive desire from her. With nimble ease, she wrapped her thighs around my waist and pulled me close.

Her rough, wet tiger tongue licked over my chin and mouth then flicking the tip of my nose. She purred louder as my cock nuzzled into her pussy lips. Her tongue bathed my cheek, rough and exciting. I gripped her ass, feeling her juicy snatch.

I'm your kitty cat! she moaned.

I thrust into Princess Naryu's cunt. I buried to the hilt in her. I slammed deep into her cunt. She gasped, her cunt squeezing down on my cock. I groaned at the feel of her pussy massaging my cock. It felt incredible as I sank deeper and deeper into her.

She purred, her snatch squeezing about me. She held me tight, my chest pressing into her tits. I buried my face into the soft fur of at the crook of her neck, breathing in her musk. She purred, her rumble rising around me.

I squeezed her ass and drew back her pussy clung to my dick. Her whiskers tickled my cheek as I thrust into her. I buried to the hilt in the rakshasa princess's cunt. I plunged as deep and as far as I could. Her snatch clenched about me. 

Yes, she moaned. Yes, yes, Kurtis.

Master, I growled. You're my kitty cat. My pet. I own you, Princess Naryu.

Yes, yes, yes! she yowled. Master! Master! Please, please make me cum. I need it. I need it so much!

Her cunt clamped down on my cock plunging into her hard and fast. I buried to the hilt in her snatch, loving the way her cunt clamped down around me. Her pussy held me fast. I smiled as I thrust away at her. I fucked her with passion.

With hard strokes.

Her snatch gripped me as I fucked into her again and again. I groaned at how great this pussy felt. She massaged me. I groaned, thrusting hard and fast into her snatch. I buried to the hilt in her again and again. 

Las's big dick, I growled as I fucked my rakshasa princess.

Mmm, yours is bigger, Master! she moaned, her pussy clenching down on me. So big and thick. Yes, yes, yes!

I felt her orgasms rising. She had been on the cusp for too long for her to last. I smiled and slammed into her cunt. Her pussy clenched down tight. She trembled in my embrace, her small boobs and her hard piercings rubbing on my chest.

I buried into her snatch and she roared. Her body bucked, chains rattling. Her pussy went wild around my cock. Her cunt massaged me. Her hot flesh rippled around my shaft. I groaned at the feel of my new pet cumming.

Yes, yes, Master! she growled. Your cock... Your big dick!

I squeezed her ass. I gripped it as she sucked at my shaft. I drew back, my cock aching. The pressure swelled in my balls. I thrust forward into her cunt. I buried deep and hard into her. She rippled around me. Sucked at me.

Cum in me, Master! she moaned. Flood my pussy. Spurt your seed into my bred cunt!

Yes! I growled and slammed to the hilt in my pet.

My cum fired into her pussy. Spurt after spurt of my passion flooded into her cunt. I basted her. I groaned, my balls emptying into her. Stars burst across my vision as my rakshasa princess milked my dick with her spasming snatch.

Oh, Master, yes! she moaned.

Flood her cunt, Pyrriah moaned. Mmm, just flood her and... Mother! Oh, Gods, drink my pussy cream, mother!

Nephi, groaned Lasla. Your tongue... Oh, Gods, your tongue. I'm going to join my sister and... and... Yes!

I shuddered through my pleasure, basting the rakshasa's cunt with my cock. I spurted over and over into her snatch. The pleasure boiled my mind. it was amazing. I groaned, my body trembling. My dick throbbed. The heat rushed through my body. 

It blazed across my mind.

I shuddered, nuzzling my face into my kitty cat's neck. She purred and licked at my ear. Her whiskers caressed me. I panted as my orgasm died down to that buzzing bliss. Then her hands were free. Her arms went around my chest.

Fur melted away. Whiskers vanished. In moments, I had a silky cheek on mine. Our heads turned. Our lips met. I kissed my rakshasa princess. I thrust my tongue into her mouth. Princess Naryu tasted exciting and delicious.

Then she broke the kiss and groaned, You need to be warned, Master. I didn't send the attack on your inn last night.

I know, I said. Lavhi did. I knew she was setting me up, but I preferred having you for a pet than that cunt. I swallowed. I'm sorry for killing your men.

They lived to die for me, Princess Naryu groaned. Lavhi will come for me. I was already weak, and now...

Don't you worry, I said. I'm protecting you. My family and I will see that Lavhi pays for what she's done.

Good. She licked my ear,. May I cum again? Perhaps... you could fuck me in the ass, Master?

I smiled. 

To be continued...
