Adam's Sexy Roommate
by rosapetalia

I knew Adam had a new roommate, but I hadn't met her yet; as his girlfriend, I didn't mind too much that he was now living with another woman, but I had to admit I was very curious. We were hanging out at his place—Adam and I made dinner and settled on the couch to drink and chat. The night was getting on and I was wondering if I was ever going to get to meet Violetta, Adam's new roomie, when all of a sudden her door opened and she stepped out, groggily, and headed towards the bathroom.

I swallowed hard. She was gorgeous, and didn't try to hide it. She was wearing a see-through nightie top—her round breasts and beautiful nipples were barely covered, and matching undies. I watched her shapely ass as it swayed down the hall into the bathroom—and out of the corner of my eye, caught Adam's gaze follow her down the hall as well. I couldn't blame him—my own eyes were glued to her until she closed the bathroom door. 

Adam and I both took a breath, pretended as if nothing had happened.

"So that was Violetta?" I asked casually.

"Yeah," Adam nodded, glancing at me with curiosity. I could tell he didn't know how to proceed, so I tried to put him at ease.

"She's very pretty," I added.

"Yea," Adam seemed relieved. He smiled at me and squeezed me hand. We continued talking, while I secretly hoped Violetta would hurry up and come hang out with us already. I was intrigued, and was trying not to worry so much about my jealousy over Adam and instead concentrate on my own attraction to her. I hadn't considered what it'd be like to actually see Adam attracted to another girl—I knew he was, but I hadn't ever been there in person as it was happening. Now, I wasn't quite so bothered because I just wanted a glimpse for myself.

Finally, Violetta came out of the bathroom. I tried to hide my disappointment: she had put a terry robe over her sexy lingerie; she came towards us and smiled, holding out her hand—

"You must be Isabella," she said with a disarming smile.

I gulped, and nodded. "Hi," I said, shyly, as she plopped down right next to me. Her terry robe fell open and her legs glistened underneath. "I love your top," I said for something to say, and then reddened at my comment. Did I just say that?

"Oh," she giggled, and pulled open her robe, "this? I got this at Victoria's Secret," she said. I glanced over at Adam—his glance was riveted on her breasts. Violetta looked down and covered herself up again, "Sorry," she said. "No, nothing to be sorry about," I jumped in. She was really nice, I thought to myself. Adam was smiling, I saw out of the corner of my eye. He caught my eye, and surprised me by saying—

"Violetta, Isabella said she likes your top—why don't you take it off so that she can try it on?" Violetta looked at me, and I didn't want to seem too eager but figured, hey, Adam said it first. 

"Yeah, ok," I quipped in, "I'd love to try that on..." my voice trailed off as I felt Adam's hands slide off my top and unclasp my bra. My breast bare, I felt my nipples harden as both Violetta and Adam looked at me. They were both smiling though, and their glances made me feel at ease. I felt emboldened, and reached over, untying Violetta's robe, then her top, and sliding them down her bare shoulders as she leaned back and cusped her breasts. I glanced over at Adam—he was hungrily running his eyes around her nipples.

I slid on Violetta's top as she sat back, relaxed, wearing only her black see-through panties. 

Adam quipped in, "That looks good on you, Is," and turning to Violetta, he added, "and that looks good off you!" Violetta blushed, "Oh quit it, Adam, you've seen my tits before, no need to make a big deal of it now," and I gulped. What did she mean? I glanced over at Adam—he was eyeing me carefully. Violetta immediately added, when she saw my face, "Oh, you know, in and out of the shower, and just lounging around, nothing more than that..." and I continued thinking to myself, what, does she just walk around the house naked or something? Does this bother me, or turn me on? I wasn't quite sure, all I knew was that now, I wanted to see Violetta lounging around naked, her legs spread apart, her pussy exposed. 

I must have glanced down at her crotch, because she saw my glance slid down her body and smiled—

"Isabella, do you want me to take my panties off?" she asked me. I was shocked, but then everything had happened so fast, and I couldn't help myself. I did want her to take her panties off, or at least, just for me, but Adam was sitting right there. 

Had he already seen her naked? Had he stared at her glistening pussy as she lay back on the couch, lazily relaxing her legs open? Almost as if reading my mind, Violetta teased Adam, "You've already had the pleasure of seeing my pussy—don't you think Isabella should too?" I glanced over at Adam—part of me could not believe what I was hearing but the other part of me was just so turned on. My erect nipples told the whole story as I glanced again at Violetta's panties. She understood my glance and coyly slid them off, taking her time. I felt Adam tense beside me as I felt my pussy tingle and moist. 

Violetta delicately slipped her panties off her long oiled legs, and sat back, relaxed. She smiled, "Do you like what you see?" she teased us. I nodded, and very seriously answered, "Violetta, you are very beautiful." I had begun to forget Adam was there, I was so entranced by this woman.

Violetta reached towards me and took my hand, guiding it across her body. I felt her curves, her hips, her lips, her wetness and tightness. My hand slid between her thighs, up her belly and around her breasts, down her back and ass. I was in heaven, and Adam was having the time of his life watching. And then, I felt it overpower me, and while my hand reached to squeeze her nipples between my fingers, I came in such a series of multiple orgasms I had not known myself capable of. Violetta smiled, and I saw that she had come, too—we both laughed, glancing over at Adam, who could not believe what had just happened. 

"So... you ladies having fun....?" Adam joked. Flushed, Violetta and I straightened up, as she stood up to go—"I was actually on my way out when I came in to meet your girlfriend, Adam... so I'll let you guys have a good night, I'll be off," and she disappeared into her room to get dressed.

"She's really nice," I said, not knowing what else to muster at this point. Adam laughed, "Oh yea? Nice, huh? Well, I'm glad you guys liked each other... I would definitely not mind doing this again..."
