Beggars take my wife and my life
By Bhuralund@gmail.com

(Note from Bhura: The following story is dedicated to Rocco - my soul brother.)

Not so long ago, my wife and I were returning from an office party. Since we had had a lot of booze, we were not feeling any pain. My wife was especially inebriated since she was not driving. I too was seeing double visions while driving but there was no way I would have left the car so far off as my colleague lived in a distant suburb. The evening had been very exciting as most of the colleague's friends were young bachelors and my wife and another lady from work were the only two women among the 12 men. The other lady being an older, dour-faced spinster, my wife was getting all the attention from every man in the part. In fact after her fifth gin and tonic, a couple of the young guys danced with her and as I noticed clearly, copped a lot of feelers by groping her round ass and pressed their crotches against her covered pussy. I could see that she was in heat and couldn't wait to reach home for a good round of cock-pussy play.

I was also quite horny after witnessing my wife's flirtatious behaviour. Actually she is quite conservative and shy but tonight she was all out thanks to the gallons of alcohol in her blood stream.

Anyway, lost in my horny thoughts I was caught by surprise when out of the blue a truck came speeding from the wrong side of the road, I had to swerve the car to the right to avoid a head-on collision. I car went slightly out of control and skidded on to the pavement where three beggars were huddled close, perhaps smoking marijuana or sniffing glue. They scattered around but because of the wall next to the road, the car scraped all three of them. I pulled up on the side and rushed out to see the impact. They were alive but all three had bruised their arms and hands. I took out my wallet and handed the three of them some money to go and see the doctor. But the three were groaning in pain as if it was not a simple bruise but their legs were amputated.

My wife had also staggered out of the car to see what transpired and she was visibly angry. At me! "How inconsiderate you are? Darling, you can't just fling some money like they are nobodies. You HIT them and now it's your duty to get them some medical treatment," she fumed.

Knowing well that she wouldn't listen to any explanations I asked them to pile on in the backseat of the car and we drove to the nearby hospital. It was long past midnight and we just couldn't find any single hospital in the area. The constant groans from the back seat were doing major damage to my ears and my wife was getting concerned every passing minute. The car was also filled with the smell of garbage can. I think the three of them had not had a bath for a month. They were raising a stink. I saw in the rearview mirror and was disgusted by what I saw clearly now. I hadn't noticed them at all before. They were three grime-struck men, downright filthy. Their faces had stains of sweat dried up in the heat of the summer. Even the whiff from their ragged clothes and grimy bodies was getting to my head. My wife hadn't noticed any of this and had turned half way to inspect one of the men's arms. You could see bright red blood oozing slowly from the fresh cut. The cut looked so clean on those otherwise hairy and dirt-smeared arms.

To cut a long story short, my wife ordered me to drive home. She had trained as a nurse before we got married and although that was almost a decade ago, she still maintained a routinely refreshed first aid box at home. Tonight, I realized she would finally get to use it even though I wasn't particularly happy to bring three rotten beggars home.

Once I parked the car, my wife asked me to help the "poor things" in as she held the waist of one of them and headed to the door. I was aghast at how the "poor thing" was casually holding her by the shoulders, his dirty, black and hairy hand hanging (and occasionally touching) her breast. I hauled the other two out and walked one of them to the door first and then returned to fetch the third one. In the garage light I noticed that he was about 60 years old and looked very menacing with all the overgrown facial hair and red shot eyes. He could walk at all as he had bruised his leg rather badly. I had to lift him up in my arms and walk back. Holding him so close send shivers of disgust down my spine. He candidly draped one arm behind my neck. I could see through his torn shirt that his chest hair was matted with months of dirt and dried sweat. The smell was enough to wake a sleeping horse. His enormous feet were bare and cracked skin was peeling off.

Nevertheless by carrying him in my arms, I obtained a few brownie points from my wife, who had by now got both the other beggars inside. I was shocked when she asked me to take him to the spare guest bedroom. "Where else is there any place for him to lie down sweetheart," she told me, "the other two are in the bedroom."

Fuck! What the hell was going on?

Anyway, since the 60-year-old was the worst of them all, my wife took care of him first leaving me to attend to the other two? "Gently wipe the wounds with antiseptic lotion and apply this cream. I will bandage them once I am done with this one," she told me and went out of the bedroom. I almost felt like pinching my nose shut because of the smells but thought better than refusing her. Then I looked at the other two. They were as dirty as the first one and as old. Perhaps the youngest of them was over 40 but they all looked like 100-year olds. I started wiping their bruises (not wounds definitely) slowly and realized they were rather enjoying their situation. Why not? Where in the world would they get a chance to sleep on a $4000-mattress? While wiping the second one I realized their dirty clothes were staining the white bed sheet so I tugged their shirts off...oh sweet Jesus! Without the shirts they looked even more horrible and despicable. While I was applying the cream on the 40-year-old's thigh, I noticed his black cock slowly snaking down his torn trousers. It really sent shivers down me. It was a hideous looking cock. Uncut, long, thick with a nipple like sticky foreskin at the tip. I could see dried cum on the cock, I could also see thick streaks of grime all over. Unmistaken prints of his fingers were visible over the grime of him cock, probably when he jacked off. I was disgusted and attracted at the same time. They were lying down and looked like had lapsed into a deep sleep...when something very weird came over me (I am straight as my hard cock!) and I reached out to fondle his dirty and awfully bad smelling cock. The cock was not fully hard yet but it was burning hot to my touch. Something stirred in my own groin and my cock also began getting hard.

I quickly checked the other beggar's pants for any signs of a cock. Sure enough, just by peeling his torn ragged shorts aside, I could pull his equally big and equally dirty cock into view. Only, a drop of moisture, a clear shiny pearl of a precum was sitting prettily on his foreskinned cock probably waiting to be licked by a pervert's tongue. I quickly pushed all gay thoughts away from my head and went towards the room my wife was in. I think - it must have been the booze and all that horny-play at the party because when I sneaked in I saw my wife looking all pretty with that horrible 60-year-old black beggar's hideous cock stuffed inside her lovely mouth. Some of the dried sweat grime from his cock had rubbed off her mouth and when she opened her mouth to gulp some more cock, I saw her beautiful white teeth had black flecks of the beggar's grime lodged in.

She had been sitting next to his head, and I could see a gnarled, big, black and dirty finger rubbing up and down her hairy pink pussy. The old man had shoved her panty to one side and was finger fucking this beautiful lovely wife of mine with his dirty smelly finger. I couldn't barge in on her in this state so I just stood behind the curtains and watched her suck that cock like a hungry two-dollar roadside whore. Her pussy was visibly oozing cunt-cream and every once in a while the beggar would sniff his finger and his huge cock would spasm in lust. My wife held his cock in one slender hand and started licking his hairy sweaty and dirty balls. She seemed to be in cock-slurping crazy lust. Then she stood up and sat astride the old man. His cock in her hands, she rubbed the foreskinned covered purple-black cock up and down her extremely wet pussy...till the old man lurched forward and impaled her on his huge cock. I was mesmerized that she could take that huge thing in her tiny pussy but saw to my amazement as the cock slipped in like a hot knife through butter. She started bouncing up and down on his dirt black cock muttering swear words like a slut. Then she said something very alarming.

"Knock me up you dirty bastard," she said and bent down to kiss his dirty smelly face despite his entire sweat matted beard, "make some babies in me...give me your smelly sperm...ahhh". I saw her pink tongue dart inside his hairy smelly mouth with dirty stained teeth and I saw his purple tongue assault her pretty mouth back like in vengeance. While she fucked him I suddenly felt something like a pang of jealousy from this dirty old beggar - a wreck of a man - happily lying under my wife getting his cock gobbled up her hairy and fertile pussy. He must not have cum for ages as he started shooting wads of thick white ropes of his slimy and smelly sperm deep inside my wife's sweet pussy. I could see their mixed cum run down her now loosened pussy and matting his already matted pubic hair. At the same time as he came, my so far conservative and shy wife also came with a loud rumbling groan as she arched her back, her meaty pussy lips gripping his black fat cock in a death vice, milking very single drop of his greasy cum. Then she lay exhausted in a heap over his dirty chest. She got up and his big black and ugly cock - deflated but still impressively large, plopped out with a loud popping sound. My wife stood bent inspected her overflowing pussy as ropes after ropes of the beggar's cum deposited in her pussy flowed out and puddle on and around his limp cock.

She scooped the remaining cum from her pussy and smeared it on his cock. Then she gave him a "thank you" kiss and started for the other two. I managed to quickly run to the couch in the living room and pretended to be fast asleep when she came out to look for me. "Bhura, Bhura?" she slapped me twice sharply on the cheeks and when I didn't respond, she muttered, "useless fucking drunkard of a man," and walked away switched off the main room lights. I was shocked, thrilled and my cock was rock hard, leaking a never-ending trail of precum. Once she was out of ear shot, I followed her, suddenly she turned back and I had no choice but to bolt to the guest room where the old man was. As luck would have it, she had turned to come back and close the door of the guest room. I remained motionless till I heard her footsteps going distant. Then I turned and saw the old man, grinning from ear to ear. He gestured for me to come closer and sit down next to him. As I did so, he pulled my head down to his stinking groin, a fresh smell of sperm and my wife's pussy juice hit my nostrils and like a bull in heat, my nose flared, my cock twitched and some more precum leaked out. Like a hissing serpent, my tongue darted out of my mouth without control and scooped the mess of his cum and snaked back in my mouth. Oh the feeling of that mushroomy smell and that starchy taste...I eyes rolled back in ecstasy. The lust in me grew by leaps and soon I was drooling all over the smelly man, licking his grime, sperm and my wife's pussy juice from everywhere. I even sucked their mess out of his matted pubic hair...and since I had already tasted something that came out of his meaty tube, I even stuffed his cock in my mouth and started sucking like I was in heaven. His cock, still ugly, was limp but I loved sucking on his foreskinned tip like a baby sucks a mother's teat. Some of his piss leaked in my mouth and I swallowed like heavenly nectar. Then the old beggar pulled my head to his mouth and started pushed his long snakelike tongue in my mouth. I sucked on his tongue like no tomorrow and his smelly beard and face sent my cock in a dizzy.

Suddenly he pulled me down and stuffed his still limp cock in my mouth and started shooting jets of scalding hot creamy cum straight on my tongue. It was something else - that feeling of an old grimy soft cock shooting cum. But I licked every drop and licked my lips after I was done.

Then I gently opened the door and went to our bedroom. Sure enough, my wife nose was embedded in the pubic hair of the 40-year-old grime struck beggar sucking his giant black and dirty cock. The only difference was that he was unconscious (his cock was not unconscious by any means). She was buck naked and the other beggar, who was wide awake, was standing on his knees behind her and his cock was fucking her sweet hairy pussy like a piston. He was bent and his dirty black hands were mauling her soft hanging boobs. His black hands on her white skin were reducing my precum stocks majorly. He fucked her for about 20 minutes mouthing all kind of obscene words in his native language. And then with one final lunge he plunged deep inside her fertile pussy, his arms and body clinging to her. He shot his load for about one minute and his body spasmed like he was having fits so powerful was his orgasm. Then he pulled out his never ending cock from her deflowered pussy...and just then saw me.

My wife never noticed anything when the fucker pulled me up by my hair (his massive 100kg frame was no match to my 60kg body) and used me as a sponge to suck all his foul smelling fresh cum from her pussy. Once I was done, I quickly darted out of the room before being found out by my wife. The "fucker" followed suit just when my wife was slowly descending on the long black saliva covered cock of the unconscious beggar. I didn't know that the fucker had followed me and I simply lay down on the couch again, exhausted from too much sex. So it was a shock when I smelt his half hard cock (still dripping the remaining cum from his cock) over my mouth. If not his touch, his rotten smells would have told me...I had no choice but to open my mouth to clean the cock that had just filled my wife's ripe pussy with fresh, genetically horrible but physically strong baby making sperm. I sucked till he choked me with a second load. I fell asleep with cum dribbling down my chin and that's how my wife woke me up the next morning...the fucker's limp cock and sweaty balls draped all over my face and his smelly hairy face resting on my thighs. There was no explaining the events and I resigned my fate to living with the three dirty beggars who were told by my wife to stay dirty and smelly because my wife liked it a bit raunchy now. In one month's time, the house was full of dirty smelly people. I was an exception as I had to go to office to work hard to earn money to provide stuff for my wife and the three beggar-lovers. But in my heart I loved the arrangement.
