The Story of Jenny Part 4 - Jenny Gives Enemas

Jenny's boyfriend loved the way she said the word 'enema'.  The word came out slowly, with the final syllable drawn out.  Enn-eh-muuuuh.  Jenny didn't always pronounce 'enema' that way.  She would only draw out the final syllable when she wanted to emphasize the word, and when she was feeling aroused.

"It's enema time now", Jenny said to him with a teasingly coy look.  "You get undressed now and I'll get your water ready.  We have all day, and I'm going to give you several enemas.  Take them well and I won't whip you too much between each ennnehhmmuh."

Jenny always used a generous supply of soap in the water for the first enema of a series.  This first enema was the most difficult for him because of the soap, which tends to increase the cramping and the urge to get rid of it.  At Jenny's insistence, he kept his body clean-shaven from the waist down, including pubic hair.  She liked him that way for his enemas, and it also established her dominance over him.

He heard the water running as he undressed.  Jenny had set up the large towels on the bathroom floor.

"Okay, we're ready now.  Come and get your ennemuuuuh!", Jenny called out a few minutes later.

He trembled inside as he knelt on the floor with his bottom up and his forehead touching the floor.  Jenny had a disposable glove on one hand, and lubricated the middle finger of that hand.  A short gasp came from him as she inserted her lubricated finger and probed him with it, sliding it in and out a few times and stimulating his prostate before withdrawing and tossing the glove.

He heard Jenny let a little of the hot soapy water run out from the enema hose into the sink.  Then he felt the nozzle as Jenny pressed the tip against his rectal opening.  A little shove, and it slid in.

Holding the full two-quart bag, Jenny released the valve and the soapy enema solution started to flow into him.  After a moment he started to groan and squirm.  "Ooh, Jenny, OH!", he exclaimed.  

She adjusted the level of the bag from time to time to effect a slower or faster flow depending on his reaction.  When his protestations reached a certain level, she would pinch off the flow for a moment to give him some time for the soapy solution to go further inside.

He knew that she enjoyed seeing him squirm and struggle - she tells him so every time she gives him enemas.  He thought of the inevitable whippings between each enema of the series, and how she loved to administer them.  He wondered if he was going to get the strap, the paddle, or the cane today.  He never knew until it was time for him to get it.  He also thought of the intense hours of pleasure that they would both enjoy after his ordeal with the repeated enemas and whippings.  

His attention became abruptly focused on the enema by a feeling of fullness in his insides, and he delighted Jenny with intense squirming and pleading for relief.  She stopped the flow for a moment, telling him that he needs to take the whole thing and that he'll have to hold it for at least five minutes before letting it go.

Jenny resumed the flow and he felt the remaining soapy solution penetrate his innards as the bag gurgled and drained.  She slowly withdrew the nozzle, and stood directly in front of him as he stayed in position for the full five minutes, sometimes groaning, sometimes pounding on the floor with his hands in an effort to retain the warm soapy enema.  After what felt like an eternity, Jenny let him up and left the room for about twenty minutes as he discharged all the enema.

When he was sure there was no more liquid to come out, he opened the bathroom door and saw Jenny standing with a strap in her hand and an excited smile.  She led him to the bedroom, and pointed to the bed, where she had placed two pillows and a large towel over them for him to lie face down for his strapping.  When he was situated, Jenny went to one side and started, giving hard, regularly paced strokes with the strap.  After giving ten strokes, she walked around to the other side and administered the next ten from there, and continued until the count had reached forty.

She prepared his next enema while he stayed on the bed following his first between-enema whipping.  This time she prepared the two quart bag, but without soap, using a little salt in the solution to maintain osmotic balance.  She also prepared the same solution in an extra pitcher, so that she could add some to the enema bag before it drained completely.  This way he would take more than the two quarts.

She told him to lie on his back for this one, and when he was in position, she lubricated the nozzle and had him raise his hips while she inserted the tip inside him.  Jenny started the enema, and adjusted the height of the bag she was holding to regulate the flow.  In the position he was in, he could see Jenny and her facial expressions as she straddled him. 

At first, the enema solution flowed easily.  This enema was intended to go deeper.  When the bag had drained about one quart into him, it got to be more difficult.  Jenny lowered the bag a little to ease the flow, and she also added some of the prepared solution from the pitcher until the bag was full again.

One thing that he could count on is that each enema during a series was a little different, as Jenny contrived ways to make it interesting for herself and for him.  Telling him to breathe fully, Jenny kept raising and lowering the bag until the last of the solution drained into him.  She withdrew the nozzle and stood directly over his face so that he could see the beginnings of dampness on her panties.  He also liked to grab hold of and feel  her bare legs when she was positioned this way, to keep his mind off the enema that he had to hold for at least five more minutes.  Jenny quickly pulled her panties off and stood over him.  As he focused on her glistening womanhood, she started to massage her labia and clitoris, and eventually treated herself to an orgasm.

When the once-more interminable five minutes ended, Jenny left the bathroom while he released all the enema from within him.  About twenty minutes later, he walked out of the bathroom and saw Jenny with the strap in her hand, pointing toward the bedroom.  With a sigh, he positioned himself over the pillows which presented his bared bottom for Jenny's strap.  

This time she gave a fast-paced strapping, delivering fifteen hard strokes before prancing to the other side of the bed and delivering the next set.  When she had given him forty five strokes, she prepared his next enema.

She prepared a clear warm-water solution, called him to come into the bathroom, and ordered him to lie on his back.  Jenny spent ten minutes filling him up with a little over three quarts, encouraging and admonishing him during the whole process.  She also manipulated his cock and testicles during some of the more difficult times, as well as during the retention period after all the solution was inside.  

When she left him alone to discharge the enema solution, she set up a chair in the next room for him to bend over for his next whipping.  He was not looking forward to this, since each of the whippings that Jenny administers during an enema series is more intense than the previous one, due to her mounting excitement.  He was also aware that there was at least one more enema to be endured, with its accompanying whipping afterward.

A wide-eyed enthusiastic Jenny treated his bare bottom to over  fifty well-placed, vigorous strokes of the strap as he was required to stay in position bent over the back of the chair.  Then she prepared his fourth enema of the day.  

When she summoned him into the bathroom for that enema, he noticed that she had placed a stand in the room so that she would not have to hold the enema bag while he received the solution.  

She lubricated the nozzle and inserted it into his backside, then started touching, teasing, and caressing him all over until he got a raging erection.  Now, with the bag relatively high up for a fast flow, she released the clamp and started the flow.  As the enema gurgled into him, his erection diminished.  When his erection was about half gone, she stopped the flow and teased and touched him until his erection came back.  Then she resumed the flow.  She did this over and over, pausing once to refill the bag when it was almost empty, until he had almost four quarts in him.  She kept up the sensual stimulation through the retention period, then left him alone for about twenty minutes.

He came out of the bathroom seeing Jenny with the strap in her hand, beckoning him sexily to come hither.  He followed her into the living room where she pointed to the padded ottoman, and he placed himself face down over it.  Jenny was extremely excited now, and mercilessly strapped him at steady pace without pausing.  While he yelled, squirmed, and urgently pleaded during her delivery of over sixty vicious strokes, Jenny brought herself to multiple climaxes.

"Into the shower now, get all cleaned up!" Jenny said to him.

She rested while she heard the water running.  As soon as it quit she went into the bathroom, got the towel, and in a pampering mood, dried him.  With a flourish she dropped the towel on the floor and led him by the hand into the bedroom.  She quickly shed all her clothes, and then took his member completely in her mouth.  Jenny looked up into his eyes innocently, and felt his member harden as she teased it with her tongue.


-----
I hope you enjoyed this story. I enjoyed writing it. This work is copyright by the author.  Commercial use is prohibited without permission.  Archiving and reposting of this story unmodified is permitted provided that no fee is charged, either directly or indirectly (including so-called "adult checks") and provided that this disclaimer and attribution to the original author (rick_oh at email.com) are maintained.  My other stories can be seen at http://www.asstr.org/~rick_oh/
