Linda & Ellie Have Had Their Clothes Stolen!
By Col-El

Chapter One - All Fun And Games

On this hot day: the two young ladies take a walk through the woods. These two are Linda and Ellie - two best friends reaching their late twenties. Linda was a short and kinda chubby girl with dark brown hair, who was wearing a pair of revealing shorts. Ellie was a blonde girl with a taller and slim figure, dressed in her most colourful summer wear. Their walk ends when the two stumble upon a large lakeside, glistening under the hot sun. “That looks so nice to swim in.” Said Linda. Ellie agreed: “yeah, we should’ve brought some swim suits.” Linda takes a look around the empty surroundings. “Nah, we don’t really.” Linda replied, stripping out of her tight clothing. “What are you doing?” Ellie says, unsure if she should look at her friends curvy ass and large boobs that struggle to contained within her bra. Linda continues to convince her friend to get naked with her. “Come on join me, there’s no one around and is hot out here. Please.” Linda begs.

Linda takes her underwear off with pride and a sense of freedom. As she shakes her jiggly booty out in the open with glee. Letting her long hair down as the bright sun kisses her exposed skin. Ellie is hesitant to join her, but she eventually start removing their clothes as well; much to Linda’s encouragement. “See it's not so hard?” Linda says as she watches Ellie unzip her jean shorts. “Let your body breath” she applauds Ellie as she drops her shorts along with the top she took off. But she just stands there in her underwear uncomfortably. Linda tries to reassure her friend. “Just relax” she says unhooking Ellie's bra, exposing her small but perky breast to the summer breeze. “It’s only a naked body, we all have one.” Linda says - pulling Ellie's panties to her ankles. Ellie wasn't expecting her to do that; but something inside her is secretly enjoying this, as a tingle runs from the top of her spine and to her shaved crouch.

The two friends stand around each other, fully nude. “Well let’s get in already” says Linda, who proceeds to run at top speed towards the lake; her curves jiggling along while her ass bounces with each step she takes. Linda makes it into the water, and yells back at the lakeside where Ellie still stands watching. “Come on, get in!” Linda splashes her exposed body with the refreshingly cool water. "The water is SO nice!" Linda continues; she is in heaven right now. Ellie's take a look at her friends soaking wet body, as her naked skin glistens in the sunlight. Ellie looks around to see if anyone was about; thankfully there wasn't. Then she thinks aloud: “well, no turning back now.” The young girl rushes to join in the fun; instantly feeling a sense of freedom she had never felt whilst wearing clothes. Her smile widens as she gets faster and closer to the lake. Her tight but firm ass checks clap together as she runs further away from the clothes she left on the lakeside. Ellie joins her naked friend, as her and Linda enjoy the nude sensation. They feel the rush of the cool water crashing across every inch of their soft skin; Ellie felt so free swimming without a bathing suit. They're both having the time of their lives: splashing each other, enjoying the cool water against their bare skin. “See i told you this would be fun!” Linda said to her friend with a wide smile on her face. Without a care in the world, the girls swim some more.

As the day goes on: Ellie starts admiring the glistening water covering Linda’s soaking wet tits. Linda looks at Ellie the same way, she splashes some cool water across Ellie's slender skin. Ellie proceeds splash Linda back in retaliation; this goes on and on as the two swim and chase each other across the lake. Ellie is enjoying this more than she thought she would, she start to feel horny as her and her friend go at each other. "Can I just say how pretty you are?" Ellie ask Linda, who pauses for a moment, staring at her naked friend's hot body. The two girls then come together, as they start hugging, their arms wrapped around the others naked body. "I didn't know you felt this way about me." Says Linda. The two girls begin to lock lips and kiss passionately. Linda's hand sliding down Ellie's back, all they way to grab her soft ass checks. Ellie likes this tingling sensation she was currently feeling in between her long legs. "Oh god please don't stop touching me!" Linda cries out, almost begging her to continue. They continue to get naughty as Ellie wraps her arms around her friends waist, slowly rubbing her butt whilst burying her pretty face in Linda's double D cleavage, she rubs and slaps her big boobs across Ellie's cheeks. Meanwhile Linda runs her hands through Ellie's soaking wet hair as she listens to her friends muffled moans. They are both in heaven right now.

But the girls are blissfully unaware of the person watching their naked sexy time, and listens to the girls that are on the brink of climaxing. This guy starts sneaking from the bush he was hiding in and make his way towards the pile of clothes on the lakeside. But Ellie sees what the thief is trying to do. "Hey!" she screams, killing the sexual tension as she gains the attention of Linda and the thief. "He's taking our clothes" she said to Linda, as her heart starts pounding uncontrollably. "Stop him!" Shouts Linda; as the two girls make their way through the water, dashing towards the lakeside. They must stop this creep before he picks up the remaining clothes from the pile on the ground. The fear in the mind of both girls is at their highest. They must catch him, they thought, before he runs off with our clothes! They hurry out of the water, soaking wet and stark naked in pursuit of the thief. "Please stop!" Ellie screams, almost pleading the man; but he's too fast for them. "Come back you creep!" Linda screams in anger, as the man out runs the two naked ladies. He dashes into the forest trees, never to be seen again.

Meanwhile Linda and Ellie are left standing out in the open, with no clothes, as they realise the humiliating situation they are currently in. The girls were left helpless, they can barely catch their breath as they try to cover their naked bodies. Ellie is panicking: "How are we going to get home?" She thought, paranoid about someone seeing them like this. There was nowhere for either of them to hide. Their hearts are pounding. "This all your fault, Linda! I told you this was a bad idea." Ellie said through gritted teeth. Linda finds something on the ground: it was her car key, it must have fallen out of her pockets. Linda suggest of heading back to their car. Ellie gets even more scared and doesn't want to take the risk. "But we parked on the other side of the park." Meaning the girls had two options: Either they make their way through the forest and get back to their car with out being seen by someone. Or they can stay out in the open where anyone could catch these two naked ladies. Both girls bite the tongues, cover their private parts and anxiously stumble through the forest in search for their way home.




