Halloween with my Cousin 

By JSR 

MF inc 

The author has put this story out for adult entertainment. It is not an enforcement for anything.


This story contains nudity and incest.

Three years after I (Jon) was born, my sister (Cindy) came along. The next year, Karen, my cousin was born. When I was 6 my uncle moved his family 150 miles away from the rest of his family. At the time I was 12, my father moved our family near to where his brother had moved. We were not close enough to them to interact much, as we were in a different school district. 

Both families moved several times in the next 4 years, in the same city, but still in different school districts. Since there was only one High School in town, when Cindy was a sophomore, Karen was a freshman. They began hanging around together. I say Karen quite often in those years, but just in passing. 

I was always a shy person, when I was around girls that I did not know very well. When I tried to talk to them, my tongue would become tangled and I stammered a lot. I never had a date in High School. I just could not talk to the girls enough for them to like me.

After I graduated, I enlisted in the Air Force, and went away. I spent time in several cities around the world, in my four years in the AF. I still could not talk very well with the ladies, but I did make some progress.

When I returned home, I had no trouble talking with my sister. On those occasions that I saw Karen, I was not to tongue tied. So I was able to talk to her at least enough to get my ideas across. She had just graduated. She was also having a problem with talking to boys, but no where near as bad as I was with girls.

Cindy was trying to help both of us, but at times she got very frustrated with us. We all had apartments within 4 blocks of each other, so we visited back and forth now and then. Cindy would have parties at her apartment, and invite both Karen and I. The idea was for us to mix with some of Cindy's friends, and maybe start working toward having a good relationship with someone of the opposite sex. Once in a while I would walk one of Cindy's friends home, and tried to talk to them. It helped me overcome some of my shyness, but not as much as I wanted. Other times I would walk Karen home, and we could converse much better.

When I was in my apartment alone, I usually did not wear anything. I would come home from work, take a shower, dry myself off, and then just relax, wearing nothing unless I was expecting company. Both Cindy and Karen would always call before coming over, so I never worried about anyone coming in while I was nude. They were the only two that ever visited me, and that was no more than once every couple of weeks.

On my 24th birthday, I came home from work, took my shower and was watching TV when there was a knock on the door. I started to put on a robe, but then I said to my self, Fuck it no one cares about me anyhow, so I went to the door nude. When I opened it, there was Cindy and Karen standing there. Karen turned red as a beet, and Cindy, just pushed Karen into the room, came in and slammed the door shut and locked it. Karen put her hands in front of her face, but was peeking through her fingers, at me. Cindy, looked me up and down and said, What are you doing answering the door nude? I responded, Today I am 24, and no one even cares. I always sit around here nude, and I just decided that who ever was at the door might as well see me as I am. Had I known that you were coming, I would have at least put on a robe.

As we were talking we went into the living room and sat down. Cindy said, We just came up with an idea for a party, and wanted to see what you thought of it. Karen said, If I had a party at my apartment, and invited some of my girlfriends, and Cindy invited enough guys to have couples, maybe you could find one of my girlfriends that you could converse with, and I might be able to find on of her boyfriends, that I could talk with. What do you think?

Well, I said, It might work, it is something we have not tried yet. We talked about it for a while, and both Cindy and Karen were looking at my package, and it was getting very hard. Then Cindy said, I just had an inspiration. But before I talk about it, I want Karen to disrobe. Karen looked at Cindy, and just shook her head no.

She then said, Karen, what is the ultimate goal of what we are trying to do? Karen answered, For Jon and I to be able to talk enough with the opposite sex, to eventually have sex with them. Exactly, said Cindy. Now most people who have sex, do it nude, so if you get so that you can be nude around Jon, and he around you, it should go a long ways toward breaking your phobias. Cindy then said, If it will help, I will get nude also, then you will not feel alone. Besides you are already seeing Jon nude, so he should be able to see you nude.

Now Karen is a smart girl, so she said, Cindy, I will take off what ever you take off first, that is if you take of your blouse, I will, then if you take off your skirt, I will, etc. then I will not feel so alone being nude in front of Jon.

Cindy stood up and took off her blouse, so Karen was obliged to do the same. When Cindy took off her slacks, she was left with just her bra and panties. I had never seen so much of her since she was a baby. Karen then had to take off her skirt and slip, so that she also only had on a bra and panties. When Cindy took off her bra, my eyes just bugged out of my head. Here was my little sister, showing me her tits for the first time (I had never seen a girls tits before). Karen stood there for a minute or two, and then reached around behind her and slowly unfastened her bra. She held it up to her tits, and pulled the straps off of her arms, but continued to hold the cups over her tits.

Cindy said, Karen, take it completely off. When she just stood there, Cindy reached over and grabbed the bra, and pulled it out of Karen's hands. Then she took Karen's hands and forced them down to her sides. Once she had Karen topless, she then slowly slid her panties down and let them drop to the floor, and stepped out of them. For the first time, I saw my sister without any clothing on, and could see that she had shaved her pubic hair. 

Karen was just standing there in her panties, making no move to remove them. Cindy then said, Karen, I will give you just 30 seconds to take off your panties, or I will tell Jon to do it for you. She looked at Cindy, and then at me and said, You would not dare to take them off of me. I walked over to her and said, Karen, you just dared me to take them off of you. With that I reached over and took hold of the waist band on either side of her and pulled them down. She tried to close her legs to stop me, but was not fast enough. Once they were on the floor, I stepped on them so that she had to step out of them, or she would fall over.

Now she had her hands in front of her pussy, so Cindy grabbed her arms and removed her hands from covering her pussy. Both girls then sat on the couch nude with their legs spread, while I sat in my easy chair, looking at the first (two) pussies I had seen. Seeing that I made no move to get any closer, Karen started to relax.

Once Karen became relaxed, Cindy said Now here is the idea I have. At your apartment, Karen, on Oct. 31st, we will have a Halloween party. Everyone invited, will be told to pick a sexy costume of their choice, but that their head must be done so that it is impossible to tell who they are. That will also include the three of us. However, the two of you will go as Adam and Eve. You will both be nude, except for the head covering to hide your identities. In the mean time, Karen, you will spend a lot of time here, nude, with Jon. This is to help you over your shyness at being nude. I will come now and then to see that both of you are learning this lesson. And for your information, this is the first time I have seen Jon nude, and no has never seen me nude before.

Karen said, What happens if at the party one of the guys wants to fuck me? Cindy said, That is up to you, just as it is up to Jon if he wants to fuck one of the girls. I do suggest that you have a bunch of condoms on hand just in case that happens. We don't want any pregnancies from this party.

For the next few weeks, both Karen and Cindy came at least once a week and got nude at my apartment, 'practicing for the party' they said. However, I think that they were enjoying being nude, and seeing my cock. It was as hard as an iron bar, all the time they were there, and when they thought I was not looking, they would get a silly grin on their faces, while looking at it.

The invitations (to the party) they sent out, said that any costume would be welcomed, but make sure that your face is not recognizable. If you have a distinctive voice, try to alter your speech patterns so that it will not give you away. You may bring a date, but if you do, we might end up with an odd number of people, as there is an equal number of each sex invited.

We decorated Karen's apartment for the party. Her bedroom had a colorful sign that said, 'PLAY ROOM...Only One Couple at a time'. The bathroom had a sign that said, 'RELIEF STATION...Sorry no door I hope you are not timid'. The kitchen area's sign read, 'Bar and Snack area...Help yourself' and the living room had on the ceiling, a sign that read 'Bull Shit Area...Just don't let it pile up to high, we might want to move around.' We took the bathroom door off and hid it in a closet.

In the Play Room, next to the bed was a large box of condoms, and a sign on it that read, If you use these, please dispose of them in the Relief Station. In the Relief Station, over the stool was a sign that said, Used condoms in here. Also a good place to drain your system.'

The whole apartment was filled with Halloween decorations, on the walls and the windows had the drapes pulled shut, and decorations on them as well. All light bulbs were changed to 20W ones, and each bulb was a different color. It made it much harder to see what was going on. It also added to the festive attitude of the place.

On Halloween, an hour before the party was to start, I put on a rain coat, and carried my mask. It was a male angel. Karen' mask was to be a Devil. I walked to her apartment, and she was ready. We put a sign on the door, that said, Knock on the door, then enter. We waited until the first guests knocked on the door before we put on our masks. It was a Witch with her broomstick. She ask where the host was and we said, the door was open when we got here, so I guess she will be coming later, hopefully in costume. We were both standing in the doorway nude except for our masks. The witch said, Don't tell me let me guess, you two look like Adam and Eve. Right, I said in a low voice. I was surprised that she did not say something about us being nude, but I guess to some people it does not mean anything
One lady came in as Wonder Woman, but she had opened two holes in it to let her nipples stick out. They were pierced and had a chain going down to her groin area, and it looked like she had a ring there. It then came out the other side of her groin are, and back up to the other nipple. When I ask her about it, she said that her boyfriend (Steve Canyon) liked it better than the original costume.

I kept watching to see what Cindy was wearing, but I did not figure out who she was for quite a while. No one seemed to figure out who I or Karen were, or if they did they kept it to themselves. Every one had started drinking before they got there, so the party was in full swing earlier than we had anticipated. 

I was just wandering around listening to the conversations, when one of the girls grabbed my hand and pulled me into the Play Room. Once inside, she locked the door, and said, Adam, Pretend I am Eve, and lets try the original sin. I said, Are you sure you want to do that? She took off her costume, except for the mask, laid on the bed and said, I am ready. I ask Should I use a condom? she shook her head no and said, On the pill. 

So here I am a virgin, and this woman wants me to fuck her bareback. I figured I had nothing to loose, as she did not know who I am, so I got on the bed between her legs, and put my cock up to her pussy. She took hold of it and guided it in. Once I was inside of her, she mumbled something, and I ask what she said. She said, You act like a virgin. I replied, You are the very first woman I have had sex with. I hope I don't disappoint you. She then started telling me what to do to make it good for her. I tried to follow her instructions, and she seemed to enjoy our coupling. I was able to make her cum once, and I gave her a full load of cum. 

She then took her costume and shoved it under the bed, and said, I won't need that until I get ready to go home. Thanks for filling me up. Keep trying and you will be quite good one of these days. Now I have to use the Relief Station and let this stuff run out of me before I go back to the living room. I said, There is no door on it, I hope you are not shy about people watching you. She smiled and said, Not a problem, I am an exhibitionist, I like for people to see me.

I unlocked the door, and headed for the drinks. I needed a little fortitude. I also grabbed a snack while I was there. In the living room, some people were dancing, some were talking, and most were drinking. Eve was talking to some guy, and my cock was getting hard again.

I saw one of the ladies, that was dressed like Jeannie, of the old TV show 'I dream of Jeannie', but unlike the TV show, her costume was almost totally see through. She also had a mask on that resembled Barbra Eden's face. I decided to talk to her, and see if I could figure out who she was.

She seemed to be very hesitant to answer my questions, and kept sneaking looks at my cock. I got her to answer a few questions, and then decided to go for broke. I took her hand and lead her to the 'Play Room' door. She looked at the door, and then at my cock again, and finally nodded her head yes. As soon as the Play Room cleared out, I pulled her inside, and locked the door.

I pulled her to me and started undressing her. Once she was nude, I picked her up and laid her on the bed. I played with her nipples for a while, and then started finger fucking her. Once she was loosened up, I slid my cock into her pussy and started slowly stroking in and out, getting faster and faster. She had a couple of orgasms, and as I started emptying my cum into her, I saw a birthmark on her left shoulder. I saw it to late to pull out, as I recognized that I had just cum in my sister's unprotected pussy.

I ask her why she did not tell me, and she said, I did not think about the birthmark, and I wanted to see how good you are. I said, Then why didn't you have me use a condom? I was so excited to finally have you inside of me, that I did not think about it. I have wanted you to fuck me for a long long time. Don't worry, there is only a small chance I will get pregnant. I said, Well, you might as well get dressed, and return to the party. She said, The rules as sent to all the girls, are that once 'Adam' fucks you, you leave your costume (except for the mask) under the bed. It was set up that way, so I could keep track of how much action you get tonight. With that she put her costume under the bed and returned to the party.

I stood there shaking my head. I could not believe that Cindy knowingly let me fuck her, especially without having me put on a condom. I did enjoy the coupling. It made me feel that I now had a real helper in breaking me out of my shyness.

I got myself a drink, and sat on the love seat, just relaxing. A little while later a girl dressed as a pixie sat down beside me. I tried to talk to her, but was having trouble getting tongue tied. After a few minutes, she ask if she could give me a blow job. I smiled and said, Sure, it will be my first. She got on the floor between my legs and proceeded to suck my cock. Even though it had only been a few minutes since I had cum in my sister, she had my cock standing tall, and she was deep throating me. 

By the time the party broke up (about 2AM) I had fucked about half of the girls. As she was leaving Cindy told me to be sure and fuck Karen, before I left, as she did not get one offer all night.

I hung back until the last of the people had left, and said to Karen, As far as I can see the party was a great abscess. How about I have a turn with you? I would like to think that I helped you loose some of your shyness as well. She was a little timid trying to answer me, so I took off my mask and told her to do the same. This of course made both of us totally nude. I put my arms around her and pulled her to me. My cock was hard and sticking between her legs, and rubbing her pussy.

I said, I do not want you to think that none of the guys here tonight were ignoring you. I have been watching you all night and I was hoping that someone would ask you to go to the bedroom. Since no one did, I will do it. Karen, will you go to the bedroom and let me fuck you?

She said, Actually, I turned 2 guys down, as I did not like the way they were talking about the rest of the guests. So I did get asked. I said, Be that as it may, I still would like for us to help each other. She answered, Spend the night with me? I want to know how it feels to sleep with you in my bed, and yes we can make love if you want to.

I checked to make sure the front door was closed and locked. Then I picked Karen up and carried her into her bedroom, and laid her on the bed. I then went and checked to see that all the lights were out and the apartment was secure.

When I returned to the bedroom, I turned off the lights, crawled into the bed and made love to Karen three times that night. We did not get much sleep. 

Both of us started dating other people, and the following June, both Cindy and Karen gave birth. However neither on will name the father. I have ask in private, both of them, and they will not say I am or am not the father. However I have to believe I am because of the timing is just perfect.



Happy Halloween
