Reluctant Creampie Wife

"This will be a birthday to remember," Doris told her husband with a 
giggle as she playfully nuzzled him. "Let's observe our tradition -- 
after tonight, no more nookie until your birthday. It's only five 
days." She giggled again.

He ran his fingers through her dark hair as his member hardened. Their 
lips met and she tenderly cradled his nuts in her hand. A few moments 
of light touch and gentle stroking and he was more than ready.

She turned off the lamp and lay back submissively.

He felt her firm breasts with his hands, and then fingered her pussy 
hair. He slid one finger inside her, and noticed she was more creamy 
than usual. 

She giggled again. He loved the sexy sound of her laugh.

He got down between her legs and prepared to kiss her pussy lips. He 
would have preferred to do that after spurting uncontrollably inside 
her, but he had not gotten her to agree to that. When he first brought 
up the subject a few months back, she told him she didn't like the 
idea. When he periodically asked to see if she had changed her mind, 
she told him that she was thinking abut it, but didn't want to unless 
she could first talk to a woman who has done it. He figured that was 
the end of that, since he certainly didn't know any female who had 
done it.

He inhaled her cinnamon-like scent and lightly licked her portal of 
arousal. Her hips stirred and she moaned. He kissed more 
enthusiastically, and his impatient cock throbbed as he imagined 
extracting the payload of one of his profuse ejaculations mixed with 
her feminine cream.

After he brought her to orgasm, he entered her. She energetically 
moved under him, which always brought him off quickly, and was a sign 
that she was looking forward to a second sexual romp that night.

They slept for a few hours, and he awoke to the feel of her sensual 
fingers palpating his nuts and stroking his shaft.

She opened her legs and pulled him on top of her, guiding him inside 
her at the same time. Her open-mouthed "Ahhhhhh" as he drove in to the 
hilt aroused him further. After a lengthy session of intercourse, he 
could not help spurting inside her again, and they slept soundly.

The five days of abstinence had him frequently aroused, especially 
when Doris cryptically mentioned a detail or two about her plans for 
him. On the day before his birthday, he knew that they were going to 
have an elegant dinner at a downtown hotel and spend the night there. 
He also gathered that he was going to be treated to an in-room massage 
while she watched. He tried to press her for more details, but she 
just flashed him her sexy smile and said the woman giving the massage 
was someone he didn't know.

During dinner on his birthday, she treated him to her wide excited 
eyes. Her smile was at the same time sensuous and teasing. She let him 
know that she was anxious for her bedroom plans to get started.

In their spacious room after dinner, they showered together, and she 
insisted that he stay naked afterward. She put on a casual evening 
dress -- no panties or shoes.

There was a knock at the door, and Doris opened it after looking 
through the security viewer. A rather tall blonde woman entered 
carrying a large handbag. She smiled pleasantly and introduced herself 
as Eve.

Doris' husband gazed at the new arrival for a moment. Eve's short 
skirt revealed tanned thighs and legs, firm and smooth. Her full lips 
and penetrating eyes sent a zing of arousal through his insides.

"So this is the birthday boy," Eve said in an almost musical voice. 
"Get on the bed, face down, and I'll start your massage after I get 
the oils warmed up."

Doris seated herself in a comfortable side chair where she could 
observe everything. Eve got on the bed and lightly ran her hands over 
the prone male's body. Then she used the oil and deeply massaged his 
back and legs.

Eve then ran her hands over his bared bottom, alternating light 
touching with deeper probing. She saw his member involuntarily harden.

"Spread your legs a little," she whispered. She tickle-touched his 
inner thighs with her sensuous fingers, occasionally stroking his ball 
sac and causing him to squirm.

"Turn over now," she instructed when her charge was ragingly hard.

He wondered what Doris would think of his arousal from Eve's handling. 
After turning over, he looked at her and she hiked her dress up to 
bare her hips. She smiled at him.

Eve surprised him further by taking off all her clothes.

He could not keep his eyes from her enticing hips and honey blonde 
mat.

Eve smiled sweetly and stroked his inner thighs for a few moments, and 
turned her attention to his ball sac and now fully erect cock. She 
avoided firm stroking that would bring him to ejaculation. Then she 
looked at Doris.

"He wants to fuck you," she said with a quaver in her voice.

When he looked at Doris, she said, "It's okay, darling." Then her hand 
went to her glistening pussy and she began to slowly jill herself.

Eve puckered her lips and grasped his erection while straddling his 
midsection. He gasped as she inserted his throbbing cock inside her. 
He had not been inside anyone but Doris for over three years.

"Let's take it nice and easy," she said. "I want to feel your hardness 
inside me."

Her voice caused his cock to pulse a couple of times with a spurt of 
pre-cum. Over the next ten minutes, she worked him with her pussy so 
that he would build up to a massive ejaculation.

For him it was sensual torment. After his five day abstinence, he had 
been more than ready to attain relief.

When Eve was ready, she pumped with longer thrusts, and treated him to 
her sexy whimper. She had gauged him correctly and he gave a long and 
loud exclamation as his cock went out of control and profusely spurted 
nearly a week's sexual tension inside her blonde pussy. After he 
stopped thrashing, she kept him inside her and bent down to give him 
soft kisses. She occasionally pumped her hips to get their juices 
blended inside her creamy pussy.

Eve giggled and said, "It's time for the birthday boy to have some 
dessert. Open your mouth and you can suck me clean."

A look of surprise registered on his face, and he coarsely whispered, 
"Oh wow!"

He glanced at Doris, whose legs were spread wide. Her mouth was open 
and he knew that she was about to climax.

Eve pulled out, and as she got in position to straddle his mouth, 
said, "Pucker up, sweetie!"

She settled her blonde mat on his mouth, and he tasted her slippery 
labia.

"MMMMf!" he exclaimed, surprised at the quantity of cream that entered 
his mouth. Eve giggled.

Just then Doris climaxed, and she gave voice to her intense orgasm.

Eve rocked her hips and whispered, "Keep going. There's more in 
there."

Doris' husband kept sucking and kissing Eve's creamy pussy. He 
swallowed several times over the next few minutes, and Eve finally 
surrendered to her orgasm.

She pulled back and asked, "How was the birthday boy's dessert?"

"I've always wanted to see what it's like," he replied. "It was a 
little different from how I thought it would be, but it's so sexy that 
I'd do it again in a minute."

Turning to Doris, Eve stated, "It's a magnificent turn-on for the 
woman. Just thinking about the guy putting his mouth there after his 
cock has blown a wad of sperm inside -- it makes me tingle all over. 
What did you think when you watched?"

Doris smiled and said, "It's a lot sexier than I thought it would be. 
I can't wait to try it and see if it feels as good to me as it did to 
you!"

Eve smiled and got dressed. As soon as she left, Doris pulled her 
dress off and got on the bed. She spread her legs, and her husband 
slid inside her easily. As he gave long, full thrusts, she kept 
thinking of how good it would feel to have her pussy pumped full. She 
knew that would not happen this time, since her husband's first wad of 
the evening spurted into Eve.

"Fill me up," she whimpered. "Give me every drop you have!"

Her words, her excited body, her acceptance of his fantasy about to 
become reality, sent him into a wrenching ejaculation.

"Yes! Yes!" she exclaimed as he writhed in ecstacy while spurting 
inside her. She held him inside and coaxed a few residual spurts from 
him, and then shakily whispered, "Okay."

She bent her knees as he pulled out and got ready to lap her creamy 
pussy.

Doris gasped when she felt the first swipe of his tongue over her 
labia. A moment later she moaned when he began to kiss her pussy. When 
she felt the gentle suction of his mouth against her pussy, she 
squirmed and gave voice to primal utterances of her arousal.

Her husband held her hips and kept extracting the mixture of his semen 
and Doris' feminine cream.

It was the thought of her husband extracting what he had put inside 
her as much as the physical sensations that sent her into a convulsive 
orgasm.

Moments later, as they lay cuddling, she said, "You know that saying 
'Be careful what you wish for, because you may get it?' Well, that was 
so good I want you to do that every time you cum inside me. Every 
time." She giggled. 

A little while later Doris pulled him on top of her after teasing his 
cock and getting it erect. She spread her legs and guided him inside.

"Let's have some more dessert," she whispered. Her face showed 
anticipation and excitement.

-----
This story is copyright 2006 by (rick_oh at onolanke.router5.com).  All rights 
reserved.  No reposting without permission.  Please see my other 
stories at http://www.asstr.org/~rick_oh/
