Adam caught a whiff of detergent in the air as soon as he walked into Tommy's room. Dropping his backpack in the corner by the door he asked, "What'd you do, Ratliff, clean up for me?" Adam didn't miss Tommy's flustered response either. "No!" came the quick denial when Tommy finally found his voice. "It's okay. My room is usually a mess too, unless I am having someone over," he reassured Tommy, subtly letting on that he wasn't sold on that. He walked over to the desk which was still glistening from the freshing applied coat of wood polish. A glass of soda was placed on a coaster and the computer hadn't been used since it's recent cleaning. And it had been very thoroughly cleaned as there were no visible prints on the streak-free screen, mouse and keyboard. The history textbook for class was open. Tommy obviously meant for it to look like he been sitting at the desk flipping through the material. Yet a pile of history reading material from the library neatly stacked in the corner told Adam otherwise. Adam smiled and turned around.

"I always clean my room on Wednesdays. It's my routine. Nothing to do with you." Tommy rambled on, looking down, face plastered with a flush of color. Adam always wondered if there was more to Tommy Joe Ratliff than met the eye, now he was certain there was. Tommy seemed to protest and squirm more than was called for by some friendly teasing. Adam had no idea why. He also couldn't contemplate why right then because now he was staring at the bed. More precisely, at Tommy's bed. The covers lightly crumpled where Tommy'd been sprawled out and pulled down tight around the other corners. Adam took a step back, leaning against the desk, propping himself on his hands, he took a deep breath in an attempt to slow his pulse. "Let's get started then", he said, his voice cracking more than he was comfortable admitting to himself. Being alone with Tommy in a room with a bed didn't seem like such a good idea anymore. All he could think about was what he'd rather be engaged in between the sheets. "Well the books are all here," Tommy walked right into his personal space and reached around him for the stack of books on the desk. Tommy was close enough that Adam could smell the musk of his cologne. As far as torture goes, to whatever bits of his being that had not yet short circuited, this was up there with walking into a candy shop while on still on his diet. He ached to grab Tommy and kiss him - just once - for he was sure there would never be a second time if he stole a kiss from Tommy. Like a cornered wild cat, his first instinct was to lash out. "You really need to reach for those books now, or you just like being up in my face?"

"We don't have much time to cover all this material." Tommy jumped back, clutching the books like one would a life vest out in the open sea. The way he wouldn't look up at him, made Adam remorseful for his words, not that he'd had much choice in the matter, it was that or smother Tommy with a kiss and get gay bashed at school the next day. They stood for for a few moments, neither moving, regarding each other with jittery curiosity. Finally Tommy broke the silence, "Adam?" He gestured toward the chair, stuck between Adam and the desk.

"Oh, my bad." Adam stood aside, letting Tommy pull out the chair. "You can have this one, I'll grab the wooden stool by the door," Adam said, but Tommy objected, "That's not nearly comfortable enough, I could grab you a chair from the study downstairs."

"That's cool. Besides, I could always just chill on the bed." Adam regretted his words as soon as the visual hit him. Adam plus Tommy's bed, even sans Tommy, was as bad an idea as it was an arousing one.

"That might be too comfortable. Wouldn't want to never be rid of your tutelage." Tommy said with smirk, and Adam swallowed - hard.

"You are right, too comfortable is not a good idea." Adam tried masking his turmoil with a laugh. He wanted comfortable. He wanted cozy and snuggled up. "It's you, me and history today." Adam said, grabbing the wooden stool. He needed to sit down and cover up the bulge growing in his pants.

"Yeah like a study ménage-a-trois." Tommy quipped and chuckled.

Adam smiled, perching lightly on the edge of the stool. "Aren't those supposed to be a whole lot more enjoyable?" He asked.

"Well add the word study to anything and the lustre disappears."

"I don't know about you, but a ménage-a-trios with me is definitely special for all involved."

"Not if it involved me too." Tommy declared.

"Aww, don't say that." Adam reprimanded in jest, "I think we'd be hot together. Who could turn us down?"

Tommy didn't say anything, but his face flushed.

"I believe that was a blush, Ratliff."

"Fuck you." Tommy sneered reaching for the textbooks as some form of shield, again.

"Don't make promises you can't keep." Adam warned, laughing. There was nothing funny about the strain in his briefs though, the usual heat burned him up from the inside whenever Tommy ran his hands nervously through his hair, and Tommy was doing that right then. Adam needed to hide, to be somewhere else, be anyone else but the scared redhead hiding inside him. So he did what he always did, he deflected his emotions with words. Talk always came easy to him. "So, history?" He asked Tommy.

"It's cos of the transfer, not like I am a slacker or anything." Tommy replied.

"Aren't you?" Adam asked, but not wanting be confrontational added, "I know I am." Tommy chuckled at that, the sound warming his insides like a hot cup of cocoa on a cold rainy day. "Yeah, I'd much rather be at rehersal than at the library anyday."

"I guess." Tommy nods in response. "Although, with that crowd one wonders why. You are so much cooler than they are."

"And here I thought you hated me."

Adam wasn't quite sure but that seemed like a blush creeping up Tommy's face as he said, "I don't hate you. I find you infuratingly irritating, especially when you are so smug and sure of yourself."

"I'll take that over hate." Adam smiled, tilting his head so he looked at Tommy out of the corner of his eyes.

"Why does it matter to you?" Tommy toyed with his pen's clicker.

"Huh?" It was Adam's turn to stutter, shy.

"Why do you care if I hate you or not?" Tommy was not backing down.

"I..." Adam was going to say he didn't care, that it was all the same to him. He was going to deny the reality of his emotions. But he couldn't. "I guess...I sort of think there is more to you, and that you are cool when you are not trying to be a punk wannabe, maybe I won't mind...terribly...if we were friends." Adam's stutter at the tail of that phrase, gushed out in a single breath, pierced the veil of his self assurance.

"That's never going to happen!" Tommy rose from his chair rather aprubtly. "I need to go downstairs for some ice. Want anything?"

"No thanks..." Adam's voice was numb, numb as he felt hearing never in response to his offer of friendship to Tommy. It was only after Tommy was gone that he noticed the glass on the table was still half full of ice. Whatever the reason Tommy had fled downstairs, it couldn't have been for more ice. A smile crept across Adam's face. Maybe, just maybe, his attraction to Tommy was that of a kindred spirit feeling the tug of his own kind.

"So..." Adam called out as soon as he heard Tommy's footsteps at the door. "You didn't need more ice. Why did you run off?"

Tommy looked at the glass Adam was holding up, the ice shaking within glass as Adam tilted it side to side just enough to make his point without spilling what soda was left in it. Adam accentuated his gesture with arched eyebrows. He knew Tommy was lying to him, he wanted answers.

"I see you are putting your detective skills up to something other than finding your way to my home without directions." Tommy retorted.

Adam wasn't expecting that. Once he'd realized his mistake he hoped it'd escaped Tommy's notice. It hadn't. "I make it my business to know everything about everybody." Adam's acting lessons came in handy again.

"And I make it my business to not share everything." Tommy replied.

Adam put the glass back down and stood up, taking a step forward into Tommy's personal space. "That's the problem isn't it, Ratliff? You don't share anything. And everyone is just looking past you to the person you pretend to be." Adam took another step, forcing Tommy to back into the bed behind them, beating Tommy back as if his words were a sword to flee from. "That's why you hate me, isn't it? You'd be all glittered up but for this macho shield you feel you need. What are you afraid of Ratliff?" Tommy was looking down, away, anywhere but at Adam, as if to block his eyes from the lips that spoke the words he could not block from his ears. "What do you need protection from?" Adam asked. Tommy looked up, gazed into Adam's eyes and bared his soul. "You."

He couldn't recollect just how it happened, or what possessed him, but his lips were crushed against Tommy's. His tongue dove in for a taste as Tommy chewed on his bottom lip. Adam wrapped his arms around Tommy's smaller frame to steady them both. But when Tommy's thigh snaked between his, and Adam felt himself go weak in the knees, he pulled them onto the bed breaking their fall with his arms. Kissing Tommy made Adam's insides flutter, like a hummingbird feeding on a flower of sweet nectar, he couldn't keep still and he couldn't keep quiet. Not that Tommy was faring much better in the quiet department. Their moans bounced off the walls. Good thing there's no one home, Adam thought to himself. Fucking making out with Tommy Joe Ratliff, one voice in his head squealed with glee and another repeated with disbelief.

Adam ground his hips into Tommy, rubbing hardness against hardness, groaning when Tommy arched his back off the bed in response. Not wanting to crush all the air out of the Tommy, he rolled them over. Tommy broke their kiss, propping himself up high enough that they could look at each other. Adam panicked at the blank stare from Tommy. He'd never kissed a boy before, so this meant a lot to him, more because the dreams that haunted his nights paled in comparison to the reality of the actual experience. This has to have mattered, had to have changed things. Just as despair was about to claim him, Tommy curled his lips into a smile, and lowered his head seeking another kiss. That second kiss never happened. A car pulled into the driveway just outside the window and Tommy was off him in an instant. "My mom's home."

"Oh!" Adam muttered, little Adam still confused about the sudden absence of the little heaven it had discovered.

"Get up!" Tommy instructed, a tone shy of yelling, obviously flustered. Adam stood, and watched him smoothen out the bed covers, hiding the evidence of their frolicking. "History!" Tommy pointed to the desk.

By the time Tommy's mum made it upstairs and to the room, both boys were seated dutifully at the desk repeating the details of the Mexican war to each other.

"Hi Tommy, did you...?" Tommy's mum stopped short when she caught sight of Adam. "You have company." She stated simply, her tone implying it was a rare occurrence.

"No!" Tommy replied abruptly, denial his first instinct, then realizing that it didn't even make sense in context corrected, "I don't have company. Adam is here to tutor me in history."

"Oh. I see." She walked into the room hand held out to Adam. "Thanks for taking the time. I really appreciate it."

"It's..."Adam cleared his throat to stop from croaking. "It's my pleasure." He saw Tommy shiver at his words.

"I'll let you get on with it then." And with that, Tommy's mum walked out of the room, leaving them both alone.

"That was close." Adam said to break the silence after she was gone.

"History Adam! Let's get back to it." Tommy requested. "I'd like to pass my test and graduate this year."

They went over three history class notes, stealing longing glances once in a while, but focusing enough to get through the material. Adam loved telling stories, and given his demeanor Tommy liked listening to Adam tell them. They reviewed facts and dates again, just to make sure Tommy had a good grasp of things, and soon it was half past nine. Tommy's mom came to the door to ask if Adam wanted to stay for dinner. That didn't sound like a bad idea to Adam, who looked to Tommy for a cue and found a panic stricken boy starring back at him. Maybe Tommy was simply uncomfortable with him around his mom. After all, if anyone could read his I-have-just-been-kissed-by-Tommy-Joe-Ratliff-grin it would be his mom, so he understood Tommy not wanting him at a family dinner just yet. "Thank you Mrs. Ratliff. I appreciate the offer, but I have to be on my way already. Maybe some other time." Tommy turned to his mother, his face flushed with relief, "Yeah mom, next time."

They were standing at the front door when Adam realized he wasn't going to get another kiss that night. There were kids playing in the yard across from the house and Tommy's mom was shuffling between the kitchen and the living room. Wanting to touch Tommy, reassure himself he'd not imagined their connection, Adam reached out and ran his fingers across his arm. He felt Tommy shiver in response before grabbing at his hand as he let go, gripping his fingers tight. Tommy's lips curled up into a half smile, and just like that Adam's spirits headed for Pluto. I didn't imagine it. This, whatever this is, is real.

"Tomorrow?" Adam whispered, half question, half promise. Tommy simply nodded and let go. He left Adam outside and headed back into the house. I guess he's not the sort for long goodbyes, Adam chuckled to himself.

Years later, when Adam would be asked to pick his one moment of perfect happiness --- this would be the night he'd think back on.

***

The next morning Adam got to school early, hoping to catch a glimpse of Tommy before the morning bell rang. He didn't. In fact he didn't see Tommy at all until lunch. He was seated at the cafeteria with Danielle and some friends when Tommy and Shane walked by. "Hi Tommy!" He called out with a smile and wave. Tommy seemed to mutter something to Shane, but Adam didn't care because the two boys were walking towards them. If Shane was part of the Tommy package, Adam figured he could live with that.

"Hi Adam!" Tommy said, his voice flat.

"Tommy, Shane." Adam acknowledged them both.

"Look. Let's get something straight. You are my history tutor. We are not friends and we won't ever be friends." Tommy's arched brows asked for objections from Adam.

"But..." Adam's protest sprung from his heart before his mind could squelch it.

"Do you honestly believe I would choose to spend any time around you if I wasn't being forced to? Don't mistake my trying to make our history sessions a less nasty pill to swallow for a truce." Tommy warned.

"I distinctly remember a heck of a lot of swallowing going on, none of it nasty." Adam felt like a scorpion had stung him, and it hurt so much he couldn't even cry out.

"What the fuck did you say?" Tommy questioned.

"Never mind Ratliff, you wanted to set me straight. We're straight." Adam got up from the table, his appetite gone.

"Good!" Tommy called after him as he walked away, his friend Danielle on his heels. "Adam wait up! What was that all about?"

"Just leave me alone, Danielle. I don't want to, can't, talk about it."

"Are you okay?" Danielle asked.

"When am I never okay?" Adam's reply was coy.

"See you at rehearsal later?" She asked.

"Sure babe." Adam hugged her before walking away. He pushed the door at the end of the hallway open with more force than was required, letting it slam back shut with a bang. Away from everyone for a moment, Adam punched the wall. He had to be the only gay boy alive born without a gaydar. How could he have been so wrong? Why did it hurt so fucking much...