Rehearsal Dinner Upskirt
by pantysniper

Sometimes a boring wedding rehearsal dinner can be amazing.

This happened about 15 years ago. It's been a long time so I'm may elaborate on a few things. But it's 100% true and burned into my memory. It's a long story, but needs to be told as such.

Back then, my wife and I had only been married about a year and a half. One of her friends from high school was getting married and my wife and her sister were in the wedding. The wedding was about a 5 hour drive from where we lived, so my sister in law, myself and my wife rode together to the wedding. Sister in law was single at the time.

It was Friday and we were invited to the rehearsal dinner. In true road trip fashion, we had a cooler in the back of the car. Since I was driving, I didn't drink, but my wife and her sister started drinking about a couple hours from where we were going. By the time we pulled into the hotel to change they were feeling real good. My sister in law was staying in the same hotel room. I changed quickly and headed downstairs to wait at the lobby bar so they could get ready...

It was about 20 minutes or more before they came down stairs, which gave me an opportunity to have a few drinks. The lobby of the hotel was in the middle of the hotel. It was a 5 story hotel with the floors all open to the lobby. The doors to the rooms on every floor opened up to the main area (lobby) of the hotel. You could look down from each floor and see the lobby and the bar. As the bar was in the middle as well, it had an actual bar with bar stools and some tables scattered around. I was sitting at the bar, with my back to the lobby, facing the TV's above the bar. When I heard the bartender say "Holy shit, would you get a look at that". I could hear them laughing from the time they left the room, so I knew what was coming. I turned around and there was my wife and sister in law holding hands strolling through the lobby looking for me.

So I guess I should describe them. At this time they were both in there early 20's. My wife was 23 and my sister in law had just turned 21. They both had bodies to dream of. My wife was 5'11", about 150 and had a hot body with slight muscular build and curves that would put you in a trance. My sister in law was about 5'9", about 115 and was a runner. Both had B size breasts and long legs. I fell in love with my wife for her legs. Hell they both had legs that you would dream about at night. And they knew it.

When I saw them, my stomach dropped. That night they were both wearing a one piece dress with spaghetti straps. Both dresses had short skirts that hit them a little higher than mid thigh. My wife's was black and my sister in law's was blue. Both dresses looked almost the same, except the color, which I found interesting.

So the hotel lobby had pretty much shut down. Everyone had focused on the two of them, rightly so. I let them stumble around a little as it was pretty entertaining to watch, not just them, but all the guys in the place drooling over them, especially the bartender. He was a short fat balding guy who would have "paid his years salary to get to touch their legs, for just a second". I know, because he told me, as he didn't know I was with them. I paid the tab, and jokingly said "me too". I got their attention and moved them out the door. As we were walking out the door of the hotel I smiled at him and winked. He just laughed and shook his head, giving me the thumbs up.

We took a cab to the restaurant where the dinner was. Getting in the cab was an experience, as I was able to hold the door for my wife and her sister getting in and getting out of the cab. Both of them unknowingly flashed me a perfect view of their panties. My wife was wearing a bright yellow thong she'd put on that morning, one of my favorites: It had a picture of Pac Man on the triangle of her pussy. Her sister was wearing some sort of sequins thong that slightly sparkles. I could even see each of their ass cheeks at the bottom of the triangle as they stepped into the cab to sit down. Both of them! Neither one of them paid any attention to me looking as they got in, I don't think it would have mattered who was holding the door for them. They were talking away, and definitely feeling the alcohol. The cab driver I believe got a glimpse as well, as he was completely turned around looking at them from the drivers seat, waiting on us to tell him where to go.

When we got to the restaurant, the hostess led us to the party in a back room. It was a large room. Almost looked like a dance hall. And yes, to my hopes, there was an open bar. This was definitely good for me for two reasons, "all I can drink" and "all the girls can drink".

Everyone there was dressed up and there were a lot of people for a rehearsal dinner I thought. All of my wife's girlfriends that were in the wedding were there of course, drinking it up. And funny enough wearing the same dress as my wife and her sister, each a different color. Apparently this was planned. We must have gotten there a little late because everyone seemed to be quite liquored.

It was fantastic watching all of the bridesmaids, as they all were still in great shape. I had met a few of them before, but it amazed me how they were all so freaking gorgeous. They all had fantastic bodies and looked amazing in the matching short skirt dresses that they all decided to wear.

Earlier in the night, my wife informed me that we would not be sitting together. Apparently the bride had all the bridmaids and groomsmen sitting at a head table with the bride and groom, but didn't have the dates sitting with them so I was going to have to make friends and sit out at another table. It didn't bother me because, since I had an open bar, making friends would be easy.

Once we arrived, my wife and her sister began reminiscing with their friends, she introduced me to a few of them. And I few I had met before. But it didn't take long before I slipped away. I went to find the bar. There was going to be an hour before we sat down to eat so it seemed to me I better get a good buzz before I had to make friends. After about 3 crown and cokes, I decided it was time to find a place to sit. I had talked to a few of the dates of the bridesmaids at the bar. Most of them went to the same highschool as my wife so they knew each other.

While hitting the bar, I'd surveyed the room pretty good. Like I said earlier, it was a big room that looked to be a party room with a stage for bands. The stage sat about two foot higher than the rest of the room and was the width of the room. They had the head tables up on stage for wedding party. Those sitting on stage faced out to all the other tables. And all the other tables were scattered out throughout the room.

A few people were beginning to sit down so I decided to find a table, before I ended up stuck at the kids table. I noticed the guys I'd talked to earlier sitting at a table in the center of the room about half way back from the stage. I figured it might be a good table for me. There was an open chair facing the stage so I grabbed it. This was going to be a big wedding, as the bride had 6 bridesmaids and equally there were 6 groomsmen. So the head table was pretty long. There were 4 of us guys sitting at the table where I was, with a few more open seats. As I sat there, for some reason it stuck out to me that none of the tables had table cloths, which I thought was odd due to how nice the event was. As I looked around room, I noticed the head table didn't even have a table cloth. About the time of this realization, the father of the groom came over the mic and welcomed us and asked if everyone could find a seat.

Just as soon as he finished I turned to see the bride and the groom sitting down. The groom was holding the chair as the bride was sitting down. She was wearing the same dress as all the bridesmaids but it was pink. Then there is was. Her panties. I couldn't believe it. As she sat down and shuffled her seat forward her legs were just far enough apart that I could clearly see the bright pink triangle of her panties. Just as she was crossing her legs the next few bridesmaids were sitting down. Same thing, they couldn't squeeze there legs tight enough to hide the triangle showing through to the whole room. They're legs were in such great shape and the dresses were tight enough that there was a perfect opening to there panties. Then it hit me. My wife and sister in law were heading to the stage about to sit down. I looked at the guys at the table I was at and theirs eyes were huge. Focused on the stage and the other girls as they were sitting down and crossing their legs. Hardly blinking and mouths open. It was the greatest candid upskirt show I had ever experienced and still have to date. No one on stage was sober enough to realize it. I could see a few of the ladies in the audience whispering. The guest at the other tables were definitely starting to notice the event. They were realizing there should be table cloths.

I tried to stand up to catch my wife as she headed to the stage, but I couldn't move. I was mesmerized by the legs already up there. I couldn't take my eyes off of them. All perfectly formed crossed legs. And even crossed, unless they were laying there hand on the crotch of their skirt, you could see a big enough triangle hole up the skirt to view their panties. It was the greatest day of my life to date. And what's crazy everyone in the room was seeing the same thing I was. It was impossible to miss. Due to the height of the stage, their knees were near the same level as my eyes. And to top it off, the restaurant had the stage lighting which was at the back of the room to highlight the stage, turned on, which lit up each skirt perfectly. And no one on stage knew it. And my wife was about to join the show.

She and her sister made there way up to the stage helping each other up the stairs and giggling. By this time, almost everyone in the whole room had noticed the situation, and all eyes were on my wife and her sister who were about to sit down. So they finally made up the stairs to the back of her seat. And my cock was so hard, I was having to shift to keep from hitting the table in anticipation. Thats when time slowed down for me. My sister in law sat down first. She had pulled her chair back so far to sit, that once she sat down she had to scoot three times with her butt to get up to the table. When she did her knees had to have been 3 - 4 inches apart. And with every scoot she would spread them out further. And the light from the stage lights were bouncing off of her sequin panties like a disco globe shining all over the room. I swear I heard at least 3 - 4 women in room gasp. While my sister in law was finally crossing her legs in what seemed like super slow motion, my wife was grabbing the chair on the end to take her seat, then she aimed her knees to the outside wall and sat down as if she knew what was going on. I whispered under my breath "That's my girl" and let out a big sigh. So did every other man I assume in the room hoping to see what was the last bridesmaid to flash the room. No more did I get that out of my mouth than my sister-in-law spilled her drink on to my wife and the glass hit the floor and shattered.

My wife instantly jumped up. Every other bridesmaid uncrossed their legs and scooted back which in unison almost made me cry at the beautiful sight. My wife, which up to this point had done her best to keep her panties hidden, proceeded to squat down and pick up glass. And there it was. Her bright yellow panties with Pac Man smiling back at the audience. She was so liquored at this point that she had her legs spread as far as it took to well, comfortably squat and pick up glass. I just took it all in and as I glanced to my right I noticed the the camera man for the rehearsal dinner and wedding just snapping away as fast as he could. The guys at the table with me were laughing and high fiving. It was the biggest turn on I've ever experienced. And the night wasn't over.