It would have been rude for Azkadellia to place locking spells or a barrier ward on the door to the suite that Lissa offered them. Callan and Della resumed their former watch detail, and she had to smile at the grumbling they did. "Somehow we always wind up protecting you from whatever it is you're involved with," Callan groused, a twinkle in his eye belying his tone. "Why do you get into so much trouble again?"

"This wasn't my fault," Azkadellia protested, laughing.

Della kicked off his boots and started undressing to sleep. "No, not exactly. But it was one of those duties you couldn't quite avoid. Seems to be a theme."

"Definitely is a theme," Callan replied with a sigh. "You two sleep, then. I'll have my turn with you soon enough, Delia."

Azkadellia pressed a kiss against his lips and proceeded to the bedroom of the suite. She was tired, more than she thought she would be. She didn't know how Callan could stay awake, but knew that he would. He and Della took this sort of thing in stride, and almost seemed to take comfort from a routine like shift changes.

Della enjoyed undressing her, in spreading her legs wide and kneeling between them as she sat at the edge of the bed. He held her hips in his hands, thumbs parting her folds so he could devour her. She held onto his shoulders, gasping for breath and trying to keep quiet. This was for his comfort, to know that she was still there and still his. Azkadellia didn't think that either man thought of her as a possession, but it was still that lingering fear they couldn't do anything to truly help her. They were tin men through and through, and could never be content without something to do, someone to save, some mission to complete. They were driven; some part of her would forever be afraid that she would someday not be worthy of their attention. It was an irrational fear, since they loved her as completely as their duty, but it was likely a fear that would still be with her for years to come.

Callan lounged on one of the couches at first, counting the tiles in the ceiling and the number of floorboards across the floor. He knew the measurements of the room, where the good hiding spots for all three of them would be if they had need of it. He had his knives and his guns and his fists, but there was magic in this place. He could still feel Azkadellia's spellwork woven into his very being, but that didn't mean he was capable of any magic himself. He knew Della was just as uncomfortable with this, that some threats Azkadellia would have to take care of herself. She was in some ways still very fragile, and he wanted to simply wrap her up in blankets and hide her away from the rest of the Zones. They'd had their turn beating at her psyche, and it really wasn't fair to make her go through it again. At the same time, he knew there was no choice, no other person that would be able to complete this task for DG. And wrapping her up to hide her wouldn't necessarily protect her. It could just as easily make her vulnerable to traps or whatever other dangers the Zones had for her.

It didn't mean he had to like it.

He noticed the air in the sitting room getting thicker, almost like smoke. He leapt to his feet, hands at his sides but ready to move to an appropriate weapon if need be. He wasn't willing to wake Della or Azkadellia just yet.

The smoke coalesced into Lissa. She smiled at Callan, and it could hardly be called a friendly smile. "Wary of us, then?"

"It's not that I don't trust you," he hedged, body still loose and ready to move. "But we're strangers here, and it's best to be alert."

Her smile was a stretching of lips that otherwise didn't seem all too inviting. "You protect her with your life?" She watched him nod grimly, her entire body still. "What if I thought this was an insult to my hospitality?"

"An insult would be to ward the door," Callan replied, parroting Azkadellia's earlier statement. "My sitting out here could hardly be insulting."

Lissa laughed, a sound like broken glass that grated on his nerves. "You have a point, though we both know you were standing guard over your Princess." She sniffed the air delicately. "She is still here. I will speak with her."

"I don't think..."

"I did not ask," Lissa replied. Though her voice was soft, it still had a sharp edge to it that set the hairs on the back of Callan's neck standing on edge.

He grit his teeth as he nodded. "Wait here and I'll wake her."

But Lissa followed him to the bedroom, her lips stretched into a smile at the sight of Azkadellia and Della in bed together. They were tangled in the sheets, Della lying half on top of her as if he could protect her even in his sleep. "Interesting."

Callan's lips were pressed into a thin line as he shook Azkadellia's shoulder to wake her. "Delia? Wake up. Lissa's here..."

Azkadellia mumbled something and tried to sit up. Della rolled off of her without much complaint and she sat up, blinking as she woke up. Once she realized they weren't alone, she dragged the sheet up to cover her breasts. "Benji? What's going on?"

"She wanted to talk," he replied, disapproval evident in his tone.

Lissa smiled at them when Azkadellia turned her gaze to the nightwalker. "I had not realized you were part of a triad," Lissa said, clasping her hands loosely together in front of her. "It explains the scents tangling the three of you. That's not common by human standards." Azkadellia shook her head at the unspoken question in the statement. "Well, I need to speak with you, Lady Delia. You can bring your guards if you wish. Lovers can be... difficult about letting their loved ones go on alone at times, can they not?"

If this was where Azkadellia was supposed to be goaded into protesting she could go alone, Lissa was about to be disappointed. "Thank you. Any particular dress code I should know about?" she replied with a sweet smile.

Lissa's expression didn't change and her demeanor didn't seem to shift. "You seem to have prompted a gathering of all leaders in the Low Realms. Many don't seem to stand on ceremony, but there are some that do."

Azkadellia nodded. "Thank you, Lissa. We'll be ready shortly."

She fell backward onto the bed as Callan escorted Lissa out of the suite. She blew out a breath and gave Della a shove to wake him up. This would probably be painful for the two tin men, but she wasn't about to leave them behind.

It didn't take them long to get dressed and meet Lissa outside of the guest suite. Azkadellia ignored the searching looks Lissa seemed to give them. She knew she didn't look like she had been dead asleep fifteen minutes before. She knew how to seem wide awake and perfectly presentable, just as the tin men did. She held the staff with a tight grip as a measure of comfort more than balance. Whatever the Low Realms had in mind worried her, even if she couldn't show it. What if they didn't believe her? What if they did and wanted to kill them anyway? What if this couldn't be done?

They were brought to a large private room inside the inn. Azkadellia recognized Mattoon with a few other Wheelers and Hani the troll from the Mist Parish. Lissa had them sit off to the side, and Azkadellia could feel the shadows thick around her. One of them solidified into Tilith, one of the four Shadow Brigade generals that had crossed back to the Mirror Zone with her. As the introductions were being made, General Salan'ri drifted beneath the door and solidified as well. The others in the room were the Ventra commander of the Untrodden Sands, Goma Tari of the Tari Clan of the Barbed Torrent, three golems from the Studded Steeps and Alec Page, leader of the Thieves' Guild in the Dead Wastes. It turned out that Hani and Salan'ri had both spoken with the Tari Clan and the golems. Tilith had gone straight to the Thieves' Guild. Generals Goren and Hanja were still elsewhere in the Mirror Zone and hadn't responded to the summons Salan'ri had sent regarding the meeting. They were still presumed alive.

Azkadellia had been introduced as both Princess Azkadellia of the Outer Zone and Lady Delia of the Silver Enclave. Apparently she was to carry both names in this Zone. Callan and Della were introduced as her honor guard, and Lissa didn't even seem sarcastic about the roles.

Looking back afterward, the tense posturing might have gone on for hours. None of the assembled players actually trusted one another, and they trusted Azkadellia even less. Some were still not entirely convinced that she wasn't a spy for Lurlaine. Temper growing short, she stood abruptly during a tirade between the Thieves' Guild and the Tari Clan. She placed her ebony walking stick directly in front of her so that the emerald was clearly visible. It shone with a faint green light, only a fraction of its power in use.

"I understand these are dark times and that normally some of you would never be allies. If I had the luxury of time, I would try to help broker some kind of arrangement. As it is, I don't have that kind of time. If you can't get along, I won't ask you to work together for this." Azkadellia spoke with a brisk tone of voice, one she had often used as the Sorceress to cut out the petty wrangling for attention in the Longcoat ranks. "The bottom line is, Lurlaine must be deposed. I don't care how it happens as long as it does and she has no hope ever returning to the throne." She paused to let that sink in. "If the promise of territory or trade isn't worth the breath I have to speak it, I've made an offer for emeralds like this one."

Everyone was at attention now. "I might be persuaded to help," Page replied with a slow smile, eying the emerald at the end of Azkadellia's walking stick. "For a price."

"Of course. I'll open the bidding now."

"What?" he asked, startled. He had been lounging in his chair, feet up on a side table. His boots hit the floor with a clang. "I can ask for whatever I want?"

Azkadellia gave him a tight smile that reminded Della all too much of the Sorceress. "You can ask. It doesn't mean I'll pay it." She sat back down as if utterly confident that things would work out in her favor, the staff clasped in her hand at her side.

Lissa looked on, a smirk clearly etched onto her features. Bravo, she thought, slipping into the Old Speech for the comment.

To her utter surprise, Azkadellia looked her directly in the eye. Thank you. You're welcome to enter a bid for your assistance as well.

Lissa made a choking noise that didn't draw much attention, but Azkadellia heard it. She didn't allow herself to relax until the meeting was done. While she had bartered away a fortune in emeralds to the different leaders of the Low Realms, she had her army bought and paid for. DG might have a heart attack at the thought of sending so many emeralds to the Mirror Zone, but wars were expensive.

Lissa waited until the others had left the meeting room. "You are... impressive," she murmured, settling on that word.

"In what way?" Azkadellia asked, curious.

There was no mockery in the tone, which Lissa appreciated. She had underestimated this witch, and she didn't do that often. The last time she had underestimated someone, she had nearly died and had to rely on Hani for help. While Hani was at least honorable, it was a position she didn't enjoy being in. "You are many things at once," Lissa murmured. "And quite the commanding presence. You possibly didn't need our help in this."

Azkadellia could feel the disdain in the two sleeping Practitioners within her. "Lurlaine is strongly protected. We'll need all the help we can get."

"You discount your own magic, then?" Lissa asked, voice arch. It seemed almost like weakness, and she was too used to exploiting others' pain.

"I won't underestimate her," Azkadellia corrected gently. "I'd rather overwhelm her with sheer numbers and annihilate her resistance if I can." It had worked in the OZ with the Longcoats. While Lurlaine was much more vicious than her mother, it was a sound philosophy.

"You still wish to have nightwalkers, then? Even if others might not be so sure?"

"You won't be partnered with them. Hani seems to hold you in high regard."

"It's a long story," Lissa said tightly. "We would be at a disadvantage in the daylight."

Azkadellia seemed to falter there. "Yes. I... There was a machine in the OZ that could make perpetual night," she began in a weak tone, eyes sliding away from Lissa's. Oh, there was a story there, and Lissa was tempted to demand it of her.

But Callan had slid up close to them, and laid a hand on Azkadellia's arm. Lissa hadn't realized he was that close, she was that focused on Azkadellia's discomfort. "There's probably another way than the Sun Seeder," Callan said, voice soft.

"All of those magic talents inside," Della added.

Lissa thought for a moment that there was some sort of underlying meaning in their words, some collective history she hadn't been privy to. The wording was odd, but not one she could discern any meaning to. Of course Azkadellia would have magic talents inside of her. She was a witch. She was a Practitioner, no less.

But Azkadellia smiled after a moment, as an idea dawned. "Yes. Yes, I can do that. Cloud cover, as if it would rain. Only, it won't rain until I tell it to, and it will block the sun so that all of the nightwalkers that would like to fight can do so." Azkadellia turned her gaze to Lissa, eyes bright and determined. "I will cover the entire sky from here to the Dawn Sanctuary."

"Impressive," Lissa murmured. Just as Azkadellia had to trust that Lissa wouldn't consume them all whole, she would have to trust that Azkadellia wouldn't let her people burn in the sun once this attack was over. "You can do this?"

Azkadellia's smile was more like Lissa's than Lissa wanted to admit. "I can. Just tell me when to start it."

"As soon as your emeralds arrive."

"Tomorrow, then," Azkadellia replied with a nod. "I should have everything set up."

"Ozma can't rule, you know," Lissa told Azkadellia in a soft tone. "Don't waste your emeralds for a revolution that will simply fail because she can't lead."

"She can be made to remember, I'm sure," Azkadellia said with more confidence than she felt. The locket DG had given her was a heavy weight against her breastbone, freezing cold against her skin. "As soon as Lurlaine returns all the magic and memories that she had stolen. Ozma is the rightful ruler of the Sanctuary."

Lissa wanted to laugh in the face of Azkadellia's idealism. "Perhaps, but that doesn't mean she has the skill to keep her country. If even Lurlaine couldn't take the Low Realms, you can't hope to think that Ozma can."

"Lurlaine is a conqueror and eater of souls," Azkadellia replied flatly. "Ozma would work with you as an equal."

Now Lissa did laugh. "Oh, you're a darling child. If I had heard this earlier, I would have offered my services for nothing."

"You can still do that," Azkadellia replied with a wry smile.

"Oh, no, I'll take my promised emeralds. Idealism won't feed a country or inspire respect for treaties." Azkadellia nodded and turned to leave. Lissa caught her wrist. "You make me curious, Lady Delia. The contradictions there, the working triad you have... Such things are not common in your kind, and simply unheard of in mine."

"Perhaps when this is over, we can talk of such things," Azkadellia replied.

Lissa looked at Azkadellia's open expression and nodded, letting go of her. "As peerage."

"As peerage. That's a rarity, from what I understand. There are few that's risen to your rank."

She accepted the flattery as her due. "Or yours. You mediate amongst the Low Realm like they are simply wayward children. You have the capacity for rule."

The flattery did nothing but turn Azkadellia's complexion to ash. She nodded and left the room quickly, her tin men behind her. Lissa frowned, but let them leave. This war against Lurlaine had not even begun. There was time enough to discuss things.
***
DG sighed at Azkadellia but agreed. "Do you need to make a travel storm? Or should I try to weave a portal to you?"

Azkadellia sighed as well. "I at least got them to less than half of their original bids, Deeg. But there are seven different groups I had to deal with, so it was a bit much, still. Try weaving the portal to me, if you can. A travel storm might be too disruptive around here."

DG nodded and tried to smile at Azkadellia through the communicating mirrors. "Well, I get to see if I got the hang of this magic thing. Ine'che and Ataio have been giving me lessons for hours every day."

Azkadellia laughed at the disgruntled tone of voice, just as DG had hoped she would. "Well, it's for a good cause. You need your magic to reawaken."

"They've been teaching me really good things, too. I don't think I'll ever be able to shift my shape around, but I've got a knack for recognizing spells and their weavings. So conjuring, healing and transfiguration is all really easy for me. The elemental magic is a lot harder for me."

Curling up on the bed, Azkadellia smiled. "Certain things are easier than others. Maybe it has to do with your art. Creating was always easy for you."

"Oh, I'm sure if you tried, you'd be just as good," DG replied in a breezy tone. "I'm hoping this thing here will be over soon. Or at least stable enough that I can come across and see how I can help over there."

"Take care of the OZ," Azkadellia told her sister fondly. "That's your first priority. I'll get this war started. She won't get away with it."

"Good," DG replied with a smile. "Let me get down to that storeroom, and I'll open a portal to where you are. So I'll see you soon."

"Love you," Azkadellia murmured, ending the connection. She closed the mirror and set it down on the bedside table. She drew the heavy locket from around her neck and looked at it. It was a simple gold oval locket. DG hadn't mentioned much about it, though it looked like there was an inscribed O around its outer edge. The filigree diagonal line almost looked like a Z.

Callan entered the bedroom. "We figured it was Della's shift," he said, pointing at the closed door behind him. "I don't know how much sleeping we'll be able to get, though. You got through to your sister?"

Azkadellia nodded as he came to sit on the bed beside her. "She should be opening a portal in a few minutes."

He pressed a kiss against her shoulder. "As much as I'd love to get you screaming, it probably wouldn't be nice for your sister to see that." He smiled as Azkadellia giggled. She was so serious lately. She had good reason to be, but he wanted to see her laughing and smiling, too. She carried too much on her shoulders, and not all of the weight could be distributed.

Azkadellia leaned into his embrace and smiled as she rested her head on his shoulder. "Probably not. Do you think anyone here would think less of us for this?"

"For what? Bartering in emeralds you don't actually own?" he teased, shifting position so that he could nuzzle her neck. "Sounds like the Thieves Guild would applaud you."

She laughed and twisted in his arms as his lips tickled the skin of her neck. "Well, what about the others, then? I lied, didn't I?"

"Not really. You did mention the possibility to your sister. This was more expensive overall," he murmured, sliding his hand beneath the bodice of her dress, "but it got the job done faster. I think they would've argued the topic to death otherwise."

Azkadellia gasped and arched into his touch. "But Deeg..."

"Incentive to finish up early?" Callan replied with a laugh, nipping at her earlobe. He deftly disentangled himself as the air in front of them shimmered a bit. He'd never seen a portal like this before, and found it to be different from Azkadellia's bubble or travel storms. It looked like a flat, shimmering oval in front of them, but he could clearly make out a large storeroom in the Central City palace in the center of the oval. "Wow."

"She's definitely improved her magic skill," Azkadellia murmured, reaching out and nearly touching the portal. She could feel the magic in it, the way the spell threads wove together to neatly puncture a hole between the borders of the Zones. "This is very focused."

DG stuck her head through the portal, grinning at them. "I know! Isn't it awesome?! I made this, and it works!" She pushed her way through the portal and grasped Azkadellia in a bear hug. "Definitely easier than travel storm. C'mon. We'll make up the bribe bags and we'll get this show on the road."

The three of them didn't take long in assembling the emeralds needed to pay the different Low Realms groups. DG had never heard of them, and thought it fascinating that the Low Realms were mere smudges at the bottom of the Mirror Zone map. It was as if the Low Reams were the crumbling edge of the Zone, and that was why Lurlaine had never saw fit to try to enforce her will upon those lands. The Dawn Sanctuary was at the very center of the Mirror Zone, its magic anchoring that Zone into reality. The surrounding lands shifted every so often but were still under her dominion.

DG gave Azkadellia another tight hug and then passed back through the portal into the storeroom full of emeralds and emerald-encrusted weapons. "We'll win this," she said earnestly. She hadn't wanted to listen to Azkadellia's warnings regarding Ozma. She just needs time to learn how to do it, like I do. She'll get it, DG had replied. Callan and Azkadellia merely looked at each other but didn't reply. DG wanted to believe that Ozma could take her rightful place on the throne of the Dawn Sanctuary and rule Faerie. She wanted to believe that everyone could simply pick back up and begin again, even if everyone in the Mirror Zone seemed to think otherwise. DG thought perhaps she could change the universe by sheer force of will.

Perhaps she could. Azkadellia wasn't confident about that, however.

Once the portal closed, Callan pulled Azkadellia into his embrace. Her dress came off easily, and he kissed her fiercely. She almost seemed to deflate after the meeting with DG, as if she crashed after such a concentrated dose of optimism. "I love you," he whispered against her mouth, his hands coming to rest on her hips. He pulled her close, almost possessively, not giving her a chance to reply. "I love you."

She wound her fingers through his hair and pressed herself even closer, as if she could share his very skin. "I love you, too, Benji."

He tipped her backward, so that she fell onto the bed, dark hair spilling down around her head in a halo. Callan moved above her slowly and methodically, deliberately making her gasp and moan and reach for him before backing off. Once her breathing evened out and she let out a frustrated whining noise, he moved again. He pushed inside of her after the third time he teased her this way, hearing her sigh of pleasure.

If war was starting soon, he had to take every moment with her as if it was their last. He had almost lost her once, and he didn't know how he could tolerate possibly losing her again. He could only hope that they were good enough to stop it.
***
***