Hi everyone, my name is Sarfaraz, 18 years old and I live in
Karachi. The story, which I am going to tell u, is my real life
experience, which I had with my mother's sister-in-law (meri mami).

Actually my mami is very sexy and aged 35, with big boobs and a D
shaped ass She is very wheatish in colour and I dreamed to fuck her
when I was young. This opportunity came to me a month back when I
went to her place in the morning. She was all-alone in the house (my
mamoo had gone to the office and my little cousin had gone for
tutions). I told her that I was passing by the house so I thought to
meet u. She told me that lets go upstairs in the bedroom to watch a
movie as there was nothing else to do. I immediately agreed and
thought that this might be the chance. She was wearing a white T-
shirt and black lower.

My dick was getting erect as she bend to pick the cassette from the
floor. I saw a complete view of her boobs and I was feeling aroused
in my pants. She saw my eyes seeing her boobs but pretended that she
had seen nothing.

Now when the movie was on she was sitting beside me on the bed and
we both started to watch the movie. As the movie went on, a couple
of scenes came in between in which there was a little bit kissing
and boobs pressing. My mami forwarded the scenes and looked at me. I
also looked at her and gave her a naughty smile. In just a moment I
said to her with a lot of hesitation that I like her but she ignored
me and told me to watch the movies as she went to take a bath.

I was a bit depressed by her reaction but did not give up hope. She
went to the washroom and started taking a shower. When she finished
she opened the door and came out with just a towel around her body.
I got an erection in my pants and I got up and went to her and with
a bit of guts I moved my hands on her boobs. At first she glared at
me but as I pressed her boobs she gave a little moan and I thought
that all is well.

I gave her a kiss on her lips and she responded well to me by
exploring my mouth with her tongue. I moved her towards the bed and
slowly removed the towel. There I was sitting in front of my naked
mami. I told her to take off my clothes and she did that and
massaged my body along with it. As she removed my pants my dick came
out as if it was released from some prison. She started sucking my
dick up and down and after 10 mins I cummed in her moth and she
drank the whole bit of it. After five mins I regained my erection
and this time it was my turn to explore her body with my tongue. I
sucked her boobs for quite some time and then went down to her wet
cunt, which was full of juices. I sucked her pussy for 15 mins and
she cummed again.

Now the real show was about to begin. I opened her legs wide, kept
them on my shoulders and guided my dick in her pussy, which was a
bit tight. I started fucking her and gave her some big strokes deep
down her pussy and she was moaning and screaming like hell. I fucked
her for about 20 to 25 mins after which I loaded her bag with my hot
cream and lay in her arms.

After 10 mins I got erection again and this time my target was her
ass. She hesitated a bit in the beginning saying that it would hurt
but I assured her that she would enjoy it too. Her asshole was very
small but after 4, 5 strokes finally my rod entered the small hole.
I gave her some real terrible strokes in her ass and then cummed in
her. I was in a state of hell after cumming tree times.

We both got up and went to the washroom to take a bath. There my
mami wanted one more shot in her pussy. I said no to her but she
caught my dick in her hand and moved it to and fro and there it was
ready for another blow. I fucked her while taking a shower. We then
came out and I got dressed up and left for my home but what a
experience it was for me to fuck my own mami which I always dreamed
about. After that we have sex thrice or more in a week and I love
fucking her.







