Story_codes: MMff  torture  snuff rape

The Fuck Club  by Wet_Amber



Story_intro: This imagination about club of perverts where they make tortures, torture and to rape the victims. 
The Fuck Club had been formed just over 2 years ago. Of course that wasn't its proper name. It was actually called the Venus Country Club, but the 10 couples who were its only members all called it The Fuck Club! 
================================
 This story is a work of fiction. 
============================


The Fuck Club


Written by Wet_Amber


	The Fuck Club had been formed just over 2 years ago. Of course that wasn't its proper name. It was actually called the Venus Country Club, but the 10 couples who were its only members all called it The Fuck Club! They were all very rich people and had converted an old house on the outskirts of town for their own use. The club met on the first Saturday of every month and their sole purpose was the brutal torture, rape and killing of some innocent girl. The most important man involved with the club was Ron Jenks - and he wasn't even a member. It was Ron's job to deliver a suitable girl to the clubhouse on the Saturday morning, and to remove her remains on the Sunday evening. He was paid $10,000 every month for his services and he made sure that the girls were "suitable" and came from different states to prevent the local police becoming suspicious.

	It was the turn of Carole and Jane, two of the club members, to prepare the girl this month. They opened the door and went straight to the inner room where they knew Ron would have left their latest victim. Blindfold and shackled to the wall was a young girl who looked about 15 or 16. As the girls entered she said, "Is anyone there? Please help me." 

	Jane removed her blindfold and as the young girl blinked in the harsh light Carole came forward and asked, "What's your name honey?"

	"Mary," the young girl stammered. "Who are you. Why am I here?"

	"You're here to please us." Jane explained. "How old are you?"

	"Please let me go. " said Mary, "I won't tell anyone what's happened."

	Jane smiled and put the full power of her athletic body behind the fist that drove into Mary's stomach ."Don't fuck us about bitch." she growled "We ask the questions, you answer. Now, how old are you?" 

	Mary would have doubled up with the force of the blow, but the restriction of the shackles on her wrists forced her to remain upright. "I'm 15 she gasped," as she tried to suck in air to replace that which had been knock out of her. 

	"That's better," said Carole, "Are you a virgin?" 

	Mary thought of telling her to go to hell, but the look of pure steel in Jane's eyes persuaded her otherwise. "No," she sobbed, "I've had a few of boyfriends."

	"Good." said Jane "Now, were going to unfasten you and take you to a shower room to wash you and do your hair, and if you try to run away from us I'll break both your fucking legs. Do you understand?"

	Mary nodded meekly and Carole unlocked the shackles. They took her to a large toilet area where she was instructed to wash her hair and then her body with particular attention to her sex. Just before finishing, Carole lubricated her finger with spit and instructed Mary to bend over. As she slipped her finger up Mary's ass she asked "When did you last have a shit?"

	"Yesterday afternoon," replied Mary and Carole nodded as she felt the end of the turd inside Mary's ass. 

	"I'm going to take you back down to the inner room," said Carole, "where you will be allowed to dry your hair. You will then be dressed in a crop top, cotton panties and a mini skirt. You will be chained to the wall and no-one will be back for you until tonight. You may piss yourself if you have to, but you must not shit yourself. Do you understand?"

	"Please let me go. Why are you doing this to me?" said Mary

	Carole smashed the back of her hand into Mary's face and was extremely pleased with the long cut from her diamond ring. "I asked you if you understood cunt. Now answer me."

	"I understand." cried Mary as she tried to stop the blood running down her cheek.

	The girls nodded in approval at their work. Mary had her hair neatly brushed and was dressed in good quality clothes which fitted her well. The white crop top clearly shower her nipples and was only marred by a few drops of blood that dripped from the cut in her cheek. 

	"Please let me go. I promise I wont tell anyone what's happened." pleaded Mary as Jane chained her back to the wall. Her tears, mixed with the blood, had caused more stains on her top.  Jane smiled as she cupped Mary's right breast and moved to the side as Carole rubbed her fingers along the outline of Mary's cunt. 

	"Don't you worry your pretty little head about anything." Jan crooned "We're going to come back soon with some friends and I want you to be nice to them. You will be nice won't you?" she asked as she slowly increased the pressure on Mary's tit. Mary could only nod as the pain increased. 

	"Good girl." said Carole patting her unmarked cheek "See you later."

	At exactly 8 o'clock (although Mary didn't know the time) she heard cars in the courtyard outside followed by voices in the rooms adjacent to hers. She couldn't hear what was being said, but there seemed to be a lot of people and a lot of laughing. Mary was now terrified of what was going to happen. She had soon realised that her chains and shackles left her no chance of escape and her fear had already made a small amount of piss leak into her panties, and she was having to concentrate on her sphincter muscle to stop her shitting herself as well.

	The voices and laughter outside changed to moans and some shouts and although Mary still couldn't make out any words, it was obvious that people were having sex. Some tine later, as Mary strained to hear what was happening, the door to her room was thrown open and about 20 people came in. They were all in various stages of undress and Carole and Jane came forward to present their work for inspection.

	"What do you think?" asked Jane. "Her names Mary, she's 15 and not a virgin. Will she do?"

	"Looks good enough for me." said a woman stepping forward 

	"A fucking cunt on a stick would  look good to you Janice." laughed someone from the crowd.

	"Oh you know me so well," said Janice as she came over to stand in front of Mary. "Nice tits," she said as she ran her hands over Mary's boobs and squeezed her nipples. "That's much better," she smiled as Mary's nipples now clearly showed through the tight top. Janice knelt down and lifted Mary's skirt and noticed the wet patch on the front of her knickers. "Are you really horny Mary?" she asked, "or have you just been pissing yourself?" Janice put her mouth to the stain and sucked "Just piss." she announced to the others and went back to sucking the panties. 

	Mary looked at the group watching her and could see that they were all stroking their own or someone else's sex. Carole was rubbing her clit and Jane had stepped back so a man could get his fingers into her asshole. A honey blonde standing at the side had sperm dripping from her cunt, and was stroking the erect cock of the man beside her. Further back in the crowd, Mary could see a redhead giving a blow job and another blonde was raising one leg slightly off the floor to let the man behind her get his prick into her pussy. 

	Janice had her fill of piss and pulled the gusset of Mary's knickers to the side to slide her tongue into her slit. Being chained to the wall in an X pattern, Mary could do nothing to prevent this invasion of her body, and, despite her dire predicament, her cunt responded to the commands of her clit, and her juices started to flow.

	A heavy set man called Alan had his cock buried deep in the asshole of a tall brunette who had two of her own fingers jammed in her cunt. Not wanting to cum so early in the evening, Alan pulled his cock out as said "Lets get started."  As several members moved to a large covered structure in the centre of the room, Alan presented his shit covered cock to his lover Susan, who eagerly started to lick it clean. Susan's twin sister Claire came over to help and at the same time slipped her finger into Susan's ass to pull out more shit, and pop it in her mouth. 

	The others pulled the cover off the structure to reveal a timber table about 10 feet square with all manner of chains, ropes and shackles secured to it. 

	"Bring her over," someone shouted. 

	Carole and Jane unfastened the chains around Mary's limbs, and pulled the struggling and screaming teenager over to the table. 

	"Scream all you want darling." Jane said pleasantly, "The whole rooms soundproofed. No-one can hear you." 

	With the aid of the others Mary was soon divested of her skirt and was laid, face up, on the table. Both hands were tied above her head and her legs spread-eagled and shackled. Finally, a U shaped section of the table was removed between her legs to give full access to her cunt. 

	"Right. What shall we do first?" asked Alan.

	"Lets beat the crap out of her." replied Jane sadistically.

	"No, wait a minute," said Tony who was Carole's husband, "I want to fuck her before she's messed up."

	"Yea I agree," added Bob. "Lets fuck her."

	"Ok, fuck her it is. Get her ready girls." said Alan.

	Carole led her friends forward. She took a large knife from the wall and  carefully cut the crop top from Mary's body as Mary watched the knife with terrified eyes. She and Claire took a tit each and started to suck on Mary's nipples, whilst Jane and Susan pulled her knickers to the side, and greedily sucked on her cunt and clit.

	Mary's fears were at fever pitch, but her body could not help but respond to the stimulation, and her pussy juice started to flow as she moaned softly as her climax approached. Claire was busily sucking on Mary's nipple when she felt the tip of a cock at her asshole. Without looking around to see who it was, she pushed back and shuddered as she felt the prick invade her bowels. Claire could feel Mary's orgasm through her nipple an pushed back even further to make sure that she took every inch of the cock in her asshole. Susan saw her twin being ass fucked and beckoned Janice over to take her place at Mary's clit. Susan sat on the floor, beneath Claire, and glued her mouth onto her twins cunt. As Claire orgasmed, the muscles in her ass spasmed and milked the spunk from Tony's cock and he shot his seed deep in her bowels. Tony pulled out and Susan immediately moved to suck the spunk and the shit from Claire's ass. Tony meanwhile presented his slimy and shit covered cock to the redhead, Dawn, to lick clean. 

	Mary had lost count of how many times she had cum and threw her head from side to side as the assault on her body continued. Susan's face and teeth were covered in her twins shit as she went up and kissed Mary on the mouth sliding her tongue and her sisters shit into Mary's throat. She laughed when Mary gagged violently and laughed even more when Carole grabbed the knife and flashed it in front of Mary's face.

	"Listen cunt," she hissed. "If you're sick on us, I'll personally use this knife to cut your tit off. Understand?" Mary could only nod fearfully.

	Jane and Janice stood up and said, "I think she's ready now boys. Who's first?" enquired Jane .

	"Me." said Alan. As he walked up Jane took his cock in her mouth, gave a couple of sucks and then positioned at the entrance of Mary's cunt. "Shove," she growled.

	With one lunge Alan sank his prick into his victim until his balls slapped on her ass. Mary screamed as she was violated and this sent up a cheer and applause from the crowd. They all  watched Alan pound into Mary's cunt. This was after all a rape, and it was the rule that the sex should be as fast and brutal as possible. Allan groaned and deposited his cum into Mary and withdrew. Before the next man took his place one of the women stepped forward to lick up the stringy cum from Mary's pussy. This was the routine for the next six men and Mary had lost all control of her body, and was going from one orgasm straight into the next. Bob stepped up to take his turn. By this time Mary's cunt was gapping open and her juices and the spunk were running out. "There's not enough friction." Bob complained.

	"I'll sort that," said Jane, and she brought over a large plastic dildo, and, most unladylike, rammed it up Mary's cunt. Mary screamed as her hole was violently filled and Jane said, "Try that Bob." 

	Bob began squeezing his cock into Mary's cunt beside the huge dildo. She screamed again and violently strained against her bounds. The girls were shouting encouragement to Bob. 

	"Go on Bob shove it in." shouted one. 

	"Tear her cunt apart." shouted another. 

	They crowed around to watch and without exception they were all frigging their clits as Bob finally drove his prick home and started shagging her. After Bob another 8 men took their turn, and each time, Jane made sure the dildo stayed in place. By the time they had all finished, Mary's cunt was stretched to the limit and was awash with spunk. 

	As the men were recovering, Carole untied Mary's legs and stood on the table. She took a leg in each hand and bent Mary's knees up to her chest to raise her ass from the table. To hold them in this position, she put Mary's feet under her arms and sat her on Mary's face. 

	"Lick my cunt you bitch." she shouted. 

	At the same time Susan was shoving two fingers into Mary's asshole and licking the shit from her fingers. "This babe needs a shit," she announced. "Who's ready for an ass fuck?"

	"I am." said Tom waving his cock at her. 

	Susan bit her lip as she watched Tom slip his cock into Mary's virgin asshole. "Go on Tom," she urged, "Shove that shit disturber deep in her ass." 

	Carole moved forward slightly so that her asshole was directly over Mary's mouth 

	"Lick me," she commanded. Carole's asshole began opening in response to Mary's tongue and she pushed a turd into her mouth. She sat down heavily on Mary's face forcing her to eat her putrid shit. 

	Tom spurted his seed into Mary's ass just as Carole's shit slipped down her throat. 

	Mary threw up. She had no choice in the matter. Her young body rebelled against the shit in her stomach and she spewed onto Carole, who was still sitting on her. Carole jumped off shouting, "Look what the bitch did to me". It took a few minutes for Mary to recover from the coughing after throwing up and when her eyes focused she saw Jane standing beside her with the knife in her hand. 

	"Carole's had to go and cleanup. She told you what would happen to you if you were sick, didn't she?" she said 

	"No please," pleaded Mary. "Please don't hurt me. I'm sorry."

	"But hurting people really turns me on honey." she replied. She turned around to the crowed and asked sweetly "Would someone stick their cock in my cunt please. I'm really horny."

	Tony came up behind her and she lifted her leg to allow Tony to feed his prick into her. She felt Tony slowly slide in and out of her as she placed the edge of the knife under Mary's right breast. "Who's the best tit sucker?" she asked her friends.

	"I am." said Susan.

	"Ok," she replied.

	She placed her left hand on top of the breast to steady it and began a sawing motion as the knife sliced into Mary's flesh. The blood spurted everywhere and Mary screamed in agony as the excruciating pain lanced through her body.

	Jane was so aroused, she could feet her burning clit throbbing between her legs and pushed back onto Tony's cock. As the tit was nearly off, she paused to give a couple of rubs on her clit which immediately brought her off. 

	"Oh fuck," she moaned as her body convulsed. 

	Tony picked up the pace and blasted his sperm into her as she finished cutting Mary's body. Mary had passed out by now and June threw the tit to Susan and said, "Here honey, suck on that."

	Susan caught the tit and rubbed the blood all over her aching cunt, before stuffing it right inside her. "Fuck, I've had some strange things up my cunt before, but that's the first time a whole tit's been up there," she groaned  frantically stroking her clit.

	All the others were now in a high state of arousal and the guys were looking for a hole to stick their cocks in. Alan contented himself with fucking Mary as she lay unconscious, whilst Tom was standing kissing Claire with his cock buried in her cunt. She jumped up to wrap her legs around his waist and increase the penetration, and she felt Bob stand behind her and slip his cock into her asshole. 

	Jane had recovered from her cum and was most disappointed that Mary was unconscious.  "Anyone got some water to pour over this bitch?" she shouted. 

	"I've got some," said Nikki the honey blonde who had just finished being ass fucked. She jumped on the table and straddled Mary's face.  She parted her cunt lips and released a stream of piss into Mary's face. As Mary came around she turned her face to escape the piss raining down on her, and became aware of the agony in her chest. Memory came flooding back and she cried hysterically as she looked at her mutilated body. Jane slapped her face to break the hysterics and to prevent Mary slipping back into unconsciousness. 

	"Would you like me to cut of your other tit?" she asked sweetly.

	"Oh no please, no. Anything but that." Mary pleaded.

	"Well you know the rules about being sick don't you?" Mary nodded.

	"Come here Carole please." Jane shouted. 

	Carole had cleaned the vomit from her ass and came over to stand beside Jane. 

	"Now Mary," Jane said in most pleasant voice " Carole's going to sit on your face and your going to lick her asshole. When she feels the urge, she will then shit out a nice trud which you will chew and swallow. If you allow yourself to be sick, I will cut off your other tit. Is that completely clear?" 

	Mary could only nod as Nikki climbed down from the table and Carole got on. By this time both Tom and Bob had cum into Claire, who was taking a great interest in the proceedings, as she stood with sperm dripping from both holes. 

	Carole lowered her ass onto Mary's face and felt her tongue lick around her brown hole. She relaxed her sphincter and dropped a turd into Mary's mouth. She stood up so everyone could see the shit in Mary's mouth and for a while it looked as if Mary was not going to be able to hold it down, but, by a supreme act of will she did.

	Jane was pissed, she was looking forward to more cutting. Never mind, perhaps later she thought.

	She picked up the large plastic dildo and rubbed the tip in her cunt to coat it with her juices and Tony's spunk, and placed it against Mary's asshole. She pushed froward with all her strength, and with a single shove, rammed it into her asshole. Mary screamed at this new assault and felt her asshole tear as her bowel ruptured. Jane rammed the dildo in out, and her friends rushed to hold Mary down, as the shit and blood was forced from her ass. 

	Carole lubricated her hand with her juices and forced her entire hand into Mary's cunt. She could feel the dildo in her ass through the thin membrane and smiled at June. As this was going on Susan was repeatedly slapping Mary's face to keep her conscious. Carole curled her hand into a fist and with it still inside Mary, she punched repeatedly at her cervix, until she burst through and was hand fucking her womb. Mary was in total agony. Carole pulled her fist back into Mary's cunt and used her nails to rip away the membrane to grasp the dildo that Jane was still ramming into her ass. Jane laughed when she saw what her friend had done, and pulled out the dildo to replace it with her hand, and Jane and Carole shook hands inside Mary's body.

	There was blood everywhere and everyone was fucking each other as their sexual arousal heightened.

	June looked down on Mary's body and new that she wouldn't last much longer. She clapped her hands to get attention, and told them all to go and get their shoes on. Cocks were pulled out of cunts and assholes as they all went out of the room to return wearing footwear. Jane's were specially made for her and were steel capped and pointed.

	They lowered Mary to the ground, and four men lifted her about 6 inched off the floor by taking a limb each and stretching her into an X shape. Mary was moaning as June stepped between her legs and kicked her in the cunt. She did this with such force that her foot only stopped at her ankle. All the girls in turn then kicked the girl in her ruined cunt. The men dropped her to the floor and joined in the free for all as her head, tits, body and sex were kicked into a bloody mess. When they were all exhausted, young Nikki picked of the knife and drew it across Mary's throat. "Just to make sure," she grinned.

	That was another meeting of The Fuck Club over, and sometime tomorrow Ron Jenks would come by and pick up the pieces.

	--- The End ---

Copyright  2001,   wet amber.  ALL Rights Reserved
	
==============================

This story is a work of fiction.  Names, characters, places, and incidents either are products of the author's imagination or are used fictitiously.  Any resemblance to actual events or locales or persons, living or dead, is entirely coincidental.


**********************************
Wish to read more texts of this writer?
To load archive, pass to a file  [0contWetAmb.htm]   in the same catalogue.
Or on my homepage Sergdriver
http://www.asstr.org/files/Authors/Sergdriver/www/index.htm
There more many fascinating stories of other writers and mine too!
*********************************
