It was only a matter of days before Holmes was well enough to return to Baker Street. He was eager to get back and pour over his books, to try and get a handle on their only lead. Lestrade, for his part, packed slowly, withdrawn and sullen. Watson tried to draw him into conversation several times, but Lestrade merely shrugged him off and went back to looking around with the same vacant expression. Holmes was able to move around the room with surprising efficiency for a man who'd been bed-ridden for ten days, but Watson could only attribute it to it being, well, Holmes, and soon enough they were standing outside of Baker Street, bags in hand.

Holmes shifted from foot to foot impatiently as Watson unlocked the door; the instant he was able to, he pushed past them and hurried inside. Mrs. Hudson greeted them, and Holmes stopped long enough to allow her to fuss over his hands and bruises. He gave her an indulgent smile, politely requested tea, and then took the stairs two at a time. Watson and Lestrade said hasty hellos as well, and hurried after him. Watson couldn't help but smile at his enthusiasm; he had missed the cozy warmth of Baker Street, as well. He opened the sitting room door and for a moment just smiled, content to be home. The familiarity seeped into him and relieved tension he didn't even know he had. Holmes had deposited himself on the settee, leaning back and closing his eyes, lips curved in a slight smile. Watson draped a blanket over him, then stepped back and sank into his chair, grateful to be home. Lestrade fidgeted.

"Well, I should be going," he muttered finally. Holmes' eyes shot open in a panic, and Watson pushed himself to his feet before he even knew what he was doing. He crossed to stand in front of Lestrade, speaking in low tones.

"Take the settee, for now," he said softly. "At least until he's... well." They both knew he didn't mean physically. Lestrade looked between them and nodded, a soft smile crinkling the corners of his eyes. Holmes leaned back, relieved. Lestrade left then and returned shortly, bags in hand. If it seemed as though he had packed for too long of a stay, well, no one commented on it.

Watson retired to his room early that evening, quickly changing into a dressing gown. He'd barely gotten it over his head when the door swung open behind him. He started and turned to see Holmes standing in the doorway, dressed only in a loose pair of pants, hair damp. The bruises on his chest were mostly faded, not nearly prominent enough to distract him from planes of hard muscle, smooth skin that begged to be touched. Watson cleared his throat and looked away, uncomfortable. It was one thing to be detached when helping Holmes dress or use the wash room, but another to be presented with him half-dressed and tousled in the privacy of Watson's bedroom.

"Lestrade helped you get ready for bed, I take it?" he said. Holmes nodded absently, looking around the room.

"Getting undressed and in the bath, at least. I should at least be able to dress myself for bed." Watson refrained from mentioning that he hadn't quite finished the job; he knew how much Holmes hated having to rely on them for basic tasks. "So you'll be sleeping up here, then?" Watson started at that, and turned to look at him.

"Of course. Where else would I sleep?" a strange look came over Holmes' face, but he nodded again. He stepped closer, until Watson could feel the heat radiating off his body and his breath ghosted over his cheek, sending little shocks of pleasure down his spine. He looked at the hard expanse of Holmes' chest in front of him and reached up to rest his palms against the muscles there; Holmes hmm'd in appreciation and slid his arms around him, crossing his wrists slightly lower than proper on his back. Holmes turned his head slowly, exhaling against his mouth, and Watson knew Holmes had to feel the way he was quivering. Holmes pressed a light kiss to his cheek, barely touching the side of his mouth. He couldn't help the slight gasp that escaped him; Holmes shifted his lips slightly, sliding his arms up Watson's sides, raising gooseflesh everywhere he touched.

Watson was suddenly painfully aware of his arousal; he moved back slightly, afraid that any moment Holmes would shift and notice it as well. Holmes pulled back just far enough to smile at him, then in what felt like an instant he was halfway across the room headed for the door. He wished him a good night over his shoulder, then he was gone.

Watson gripped the bedpost for support until he heard Holmes' footsteps fade away down the stairs. He crossed to the door and turned the key in the lock, frantically tugging at his night clothes until he'd freed himself from the confines of his pants. He turned and rest his back on the door and gripped his cock with a whimper. Dammit, he'd had the self-control of a saint over the past week. He stroked himself quickly, closing his eyes and picturing Holmes' face, eyes soft and half lidded as he stroked his hair. This isn't right, he thought. Pleasure was building at the base of his spine, and he bucked his hips frantically, imagining the smooth feel of Holmes' skin under his fingertips - He's ill, it's not right - He sped up his hand, squeezing and pulling until he bit his lip to keep from crying out as he spent himself over his hand and pants.

He just stood there at first, trying to catch his breath and calm his racing heart. Then he looked down at his mess and shame overtook him. His friend was sick, suffering from some lasting trauma of having been tortured, and he was using it as fodder for his own fantasies. Feeling ill, he quickly rid himself of his soiled clothes, wiping his hands on them and changing before cleaning his hands in the basin of water on the side board. It won't happen again, he told himself as he unlocked the door. He could be stronger. Nodding to himself, he crawled into bed.

Watson awoke later that night to a knock on the door. He looked out the window and groaned. It was still pitch black out. "Come in," he called. As the door creaked open he realized it couldn't be Holmes - he never bothered to knock, particularly when waking him. "Lestrade?" he asked as he lit a candle. The man hesitated in the doorway. He was wearing a well-worn old dressing gown and fidgeting nervously with the sleeve.

"He's tearing the sitting room apart," Lestrade said with a yawn. "One minute he's telling me to go back to sleep, the next he's knocking over a stack of books, trying his best to hold 'em open. I offered to help, but..."

"I know how he is. Threw you out?" Lestrade nodded. Watson shifted to the side, pressed up against the wall uncomfortably as Lestrade laid down on top of the covers. Watson tried to get comfortable on his back, but Lestrade kept shifting awkwardly, clearing his throat. "Stop moving," Watson grumbled. Lestrade stilled, but cleared his throat again. "What?" Watson asked finally.

"Mr. Holmes came up earlier?" A flash of shame went through him. Watson turned his face toward the wall.

"To wish me a good night. I hadn't realized I'd left the sitting room without saying so."

"Yes, he did to me, as well." Suddenly it dawned on Watson why Lestrade was asking. He turned back and propped himself up on one elbow.

"What did he do?" he coaxed. Lestrade looked back and lifted an eyebrow.

"What did he do to you?"

"A kiss. Just here," he pointed to his cheek. Lestrade just nodded. It was Watson's turn to raise an eyebrow. "Well?" he prompted.

"A hug. Well, as best he can, what with..." he raised his own hands by way of explanation. Watson narrowed his eyes, and Lestrade blushed spectacularly. "He was still naked," he admitted. "Right out of the bath. Soaked my clothes and everything. I turned around for a second to get a towel, and when I turned back..." He cleared his throat and looked away. Watson laid back down, and for several minutes they lay in silence, each lost in their own thoughts.

"It's not right, is it?" Lestrade said softly.

"No, it's not," Watson agreed quietly. There seemed little else to say, after that.

-----

"Joseph Walter Wright, Clarence Edwards, and Louis Earl Campbell," Holmes announced over breakfast. Watson and Lestrade both stilled and looked at him expectantly. Then Watson's brain whirled back to life.

"Joseph Walter Wright," he mussed. "He murdered the Duchess Clara Simpson. He was hanged six months ago."

"As a direct result of our investigation," Holmes confirmed.

"You think that's what he meant when he said you killed his son?" Lestrade asked.

"It seems the most likely option," Holmes said. He sat at the table and picked at his toast, lost in thought.

"I suppose it wouldn't be hard to confirm," Lestrade said. "I could send a few men 'round to their parents' estates," he leaned back in his chair in thought. "I could probably head out to one myself, in fact, since I'll -"

"No!" Holmes' outburst startled them both. He gave them a tight, small smile, then turned away moodily. "No, that's not necessary," he lifted his pipe carefully in one hand, pinched between splints and attempted to light a match with the other. He cursed under his breath when the first one snapped in half; he threw it on the floor and tried with a second. Lestrade reached over and gently tugged the matchbox out of his hand and lit one, holding it to his pipe. Holmes somehow managed to look both annoyed and grateful at the same time. He leaned back in his chair.

"I can easily get descriptions from other avenues; there is no need to waste the Yard's time in this manner. The usual ones will suffice." Lestrade bristled, but pointedly sipped his tea and said nothing.

Lestrade departed shortly for the Yard - after promising Holmes repeatedly he would not look into the parent's estates - and Holmes sent word out to his contacts. By mid-afternoon, a telegram came back with a description of Joseph Walter Wright's father, which Holmes dismissed with a sour look. "Two options," he murmured. He paced the sitting room all afternoon, chain smoking cigarettes. Watson watched him anxiously. Lestrade returned later that evening, and the two of them dined while Holmes muttered to himself darkly. Finally, just as Watson was considering retiring for the evening, Mrs. Hudson came in with a telegram. Holmes pounced on her, and snatched the envelope only to hand it off to Watson to open.

"Louis Earl Campbell's father is a short man, greying sideburns and a moustache," he read. Holmes huffed and shook his head. "Clarence Edward's father - Alfred Lawrence Edwards - could not be found, but servants described him as short, with a slender build, black hair, clean shaven, wears spectacles."

"That's him!" Holmes stood. Watson looked up, startled.

"Are you sure?" he asked.

"Alfred Lawrence Edwards," Holmes purred in response. "We'll have him yet."

Over the next few weeks Holmes was even more like his old self, following reports of Edwards and his possible associates as close as a hawk. The reports were vague and contradictory, however. He was increasingly frustrated by lack of information even as he became more excited every passing day that he came closer to having full use of his hands. It produced a strange effect in him: one minute he'd be pacing, muttering darkly; the next, he'd be curled up on the settee next to Watson or Lestrade, pressing into their hands and murmuring softly. He took to strange hours once more, so Lestrade and Watson quickly resigned themselves to sharing Watson's cramped bed out of necessity. Holmes would appear in their doorway every night, crowding them in turn and daring light kisses on foreheads or upturned cheeks. He left as quickly as he came, leaving them all flushed faces and shallow breaths, unsure where to look as they climbed into bed.

Finally, the day came for the splints and bandages to come off his hands. Holmes and Watson were seated at the table, Lestrade reading quietly in Holmes' chair in front of the fire. Watson carefully unwound the bandages, trying not to get distracted by Holmes' impossibly bright eyes as he watched the movement. Once he was finished, Holmes flexed his fingers experimentally, face crumpling when they barely moved.

"It might take some time," Watson told him gently. "There's no reason that, with proper exercise, you won't get your full range of movement back." He felt a stab of pain; Holmes was still staring at his fingers as though they'd betrayed him. The look of sheer disbelief on his face was heartbreaking. Watson moved to slip an arm around his shoulders, but Holmes pushed him away impatiently and stalked off to his room. Lestrade looked up when the door slammed, but Watson just shrugged his shoulders at him, dejected.

Watson awoke that night to soft, off-tune sounds floating up the stairs. Beside him, Lestrade stirred, confusion clear on his face. Watson led the way as they crept down the steps and peered into the sitting room.

Holmes stood in the center of the room, violin tucked under his chin, the dying fire illuminating him with deep red and orange hues. His tongue peeked out between his lips as he tried to force his hands to cooperate. He drew the bow across slowly and cursed when his fingers spasmed, drawing a shriek when it should have been a quiet shudder. He took a deep, steadying breath and raised the bow again only to fumble with it and drop it completely. The violin slipped from his fingers, falling to the rug with a quiet thump, as he bent slowly and lifted the bow. He held it balanced in the palms of his hands, regarding it quietly for a moment. Lestrade glanced at Watson questioningly, but he just shook his head, unsure. Suddenly, Holmes swung around with a snarl and hurled the bow across the room. Pain rippled through his features as a resounding crack echoed when it snapped in two. Chest heaving, he wavered where he stood, then fell to his knees and ran his hands through his hair. A soft sound filled the air; Watson tilted his head to hear better. His heart clenched, tears filling his own eyes when he realized Sherlock Holmes was weeping. Lestrade shifted next to him, as though to stand. Watson snatched his wrist, shaking his head violently, causing twin tears to roll down his cheeks. He knew they couldn't go inside. Knew Holmes would never be able to look at them again if he knew they had seen this. So instead he settled himself on the floor and waited, gripping Lestrade's hand as they bore witness to their friend's pain, even if he would never know it.

-----

The next morning they crept down the stairs cautiously. Both the broken bow and the violin had been removed from the sitting room. Holmes sat at the table, shirt half buttoned, waistcoat hanging open. He pursed his lips but said nothing as Lestrade crossed and finished the buttons for him. Mrs. Hudson brought breakfast, and Holmes pushed his food around his plate, eyes far away. Finally, Holmes pushed his plate away and crossed to his chair. Watson watched him, heart aching. He wanted to reach out to his friend, find some way to ease his suffering. Lestrade was looking at Holmes, thoughts obviously running in the same vein as Watson's own, gently running a fingertip around the top of his glass. As Watson watched the movement, an idea came to him. He threw down his napkin.

"Holmes," Watson said as he pushed back his chair, "Let me see your hands." Holmes' scowl deepened, but he held them out dutifully as Watson crossed to kneel in front of him, Lestrade trailing behind him. Watson watched his face carefully as he took the palm of Holmes' right hand in his left and began to gently run a finger over the tips. Holmes' mouth dropped open slightly, anger quickly giving way to surprise; and something else, if Watson were honest with himself. He switched hands, eyes never leaving Holmes' face, ghosting a light touch over each digit, watching as a ruddy pink color blossomed over his friend's cheeks, his breath catching in his throat.

"You see?" he whispered. Holmes started slightly and looked at his face. "You can still feel. Even if you can't yet perform more complicated tasks - " Holmes' eyes narrowed at that, " - you still have them. Isn't that enough, for now?"

Holmes simply stared at his face for a long moment. Just as he began to feel foolish, Holmes gently tugged his hands away, then reached out. He ran his fingers over Watson's cheekbones, down his nose and pressed gently for a moment at his temples. Watson's eyes slid closed and his mouth opened slightly as his breath hitched, feeling those beautiful fingers finally on his skin. He hadn't realized how much he'd craved reciprocal touch until this moment. They passed over his eyelids, in hot trails down his cheeks until they were cupping his face gently. Holmes brushed his thumbs over his lips, even daring to press a tip inside for a second, bumping against his teeth. Watson snaked his tongue forward without thinking, running over the pad. Holmes made a soft noise in the back of his throat that shot straight to his groin, his breath quickening. He opened his eyes as Holmes pulled back and regarded the moisture on his finger for a second before he drew the digit into his own mouth, moving his other hand to brush gently through Watson's hair.

Lestrade made a soft noise, and they both turned to look at him. His cheeks were stained a dark red, his mouth open slightly. Holmes' hands left Watson instantly, but he only had a moment to miss them before he was witnessing Holmes ghosting his fingers over Lestrade's features, caressing the hollows of his cheeks and his strong brow, running a finger down his throat as he swallowed, slipping a hand under his collar and fitting it to his collarbone. Just as Lestrade was shooting him a desperate look, a knock came on the sitting room door and Holmes cursed loudly and rose. Watson snapped back to himself, trying to discreetly arrange himself to some sort of respectable state as Lestrade gave up discretion entirely and bent over to adjust his erection under the waistband of his trousers.

Holmes pulled open the sitting room door and stepped aside to allow Mrs. Hudson to enter. She presented him with a telegram and turned to gather the dishes. He took it with a bright smile, all previous anger forgotten, tearing it open theatrically before handing it to Watson to read. Watson took a deep breath, willing his voice not to shake. "Alfred Lawrence Edwards has fled to the continent," he read. He looked up at Holmes, who was regarding them with a self-satisfied mixture of arrogance and affection. "You expected this, I take it?" He couldn't help but smile; Holmes was back to some of his old tricks, it seemed.

"Of course," Holmes said, smirking. "Edwards has been forced out of hiding at last - he has gone to France."

"But... how do you know that?" Watson asked, confused.

"I suggest you pack," was all Holmes said. He spun on his heel with a flourish and darted into his own room, leaving them dazed.