The story I narrate to my readers is about a revenge, which took me some years to fulfill. I was in Calcutta and 2 building away was a small Departmental stores sell Cold drinks, Chocolate, Biscuit, Exercise books and other small items. Since I was the only young boy in the house mum would send me there to get her biscuit or tea leafs or sugar. I was very fair, good looking and had/have an English look. I used to study in class 4 in a missionary school. Initially when I went to the stores the owner would pull my cheek and would try and curdle me. It started with this and went further when he offer me a chocolate. I went to take it from him when he told me that he wanted me to eat it in the stores. So I told him fine but he insisted that I come inside the counter and eat it. He said maybe your mother would not like you having chocolate.
I went the other side and behind the counter to take it. He gave me the Chocolate and while I started eating it He from behind picked up my half pant and put his hands on my ass. I turned back and said what are you doing. He said nothing just feeling your backside. I said, "Stop it" he immediately said to divert my concentration "finish your chocolate". Though the conversation was going on his hand still was feeling my ass. I finished and ran out and gave the items I bought to mum. I could not tell her what happened since I might get a thrashing from mum. This went on for some time and I sort of got used to it. I thought just for him to feel my ass I would get a chocolate. Then one day I was busy tearing the paper of the chocolate when he took his cork out and instead of his hand that day he put the cork into my half pant. The cork would not enter the hole but he caught me and started rubbing his dick all around my hole. With this going on he was so heated that he discharged on my ass. So long I was trying to run away from him but now I was standing with cum rolling down my ass. Now I was scared to go back home. He took a piece of cloth and wiped my ass and asked me if I wanted one more chocolate. I did not say a word turned back and went home. I was only about 10 years and this man about 22/23 years.
After this incident I became reluctant to go to the stores but being the only boy in the house I had to help mum with a little bit of her errands. Then one day at the stores he called in inside the counter and I refused. He said if you don't come I would tell your mother everything. So scaringly I went the other side and he repeated the same over again. I was getting helpless and did not know what to do when I told all about it to my best friend. I told him that I was scared of him putting into my ass. He said if he try's that scream so that you could get the help of people on the road. Couple of times he tried to push his cork into my hole but since I was young he couldn't get it in. This was an on and off game till I became 16 years old. I was burning inside for revenge till on day as I was passing the stores I noticed that he was not sitting but his wife was in the stores. I went up and asked her were his husband was and she said he was admitted to the hospital for an operation.
I went home and it immediately struck my mind for revenge. I said to myself that I would fuck his wife and take my revenge of so many years. After having a bath I went down to the stores and asked his wife as to which Hospital he was in and what are the timing of visit. She said it was 4pm to 6pm and she would go in the evening to see him. I said since I did not know the place could she accompany me to the Hospital as I would like to visit him. She immediately had a smiling face as she felt it would be nice to go with me. At 4pm I came down and went to the stores and found her ready all dressed up with beautiful pink saree and matching blouse. I took a taxi and we drove to the Hospital on the way I asked her what her name was and she said Tusu. All through the way I kept telling her that she was looking great with the saree and she looked beautiful. She in turn said that I was looking handsome and she was feeling honored to be with her. Reaching the Hospital we went up to see him and seeing me he nearly dropped of the bed; it was as if he had seen a ghost. I put my hand on his head and asked how he was feeling. He couldn't speak; he was stammering. He knew why I was there, because guilty conscience pricks the mind. I told his wife that from small he has been so caring for me and now my turn has come to repay him. His wife did not understand what I said but just smiled. He was lying and looking at me helplessly. We were there for sometime and I told once again to get well fast and not to worry about his wife Tusu as I will look after her. I was looking at him and thinking that one-day I was so helpless and today the same thing was in his eyes.
After coming out of the Hospital I walked with Tusu and asked her if she would come to a restaurant with me. She confirmed and we both went and had some beer. I made her feel a little light and then ordered for food. I knew that her house was empty and it was an ideal chance to fuck her. During the period at the restaurant we kept our discussion on line of sex and on course of conversation I found out that her husband though sexy used to whack her ass rather than fucking her pussy. This made her very horny and never enjoyed sex. After we finished our food and drinks we got out and took a taxi. I stopped in front of her house and I told her bye. She said, "What's the hurry, you told my husband you will look after me and now you want to go away". I was waiting for this to happen. I paid the taxi fare and went to her place. She was already feeling high and to satisfy me she had taken beer, which she was not used to. I put my arms around her and took her to her bedroom. As I made her lay on the bed she caught my hand and pulled me close to her. She caught my head and gave me a tight kiss on my lips. As she released a little I put my lips on her lips and started sucking till her lips opened and our tongue met. I knew sex up to this part, as I was a virgin. There is a lot of difference between theory and practical. So straight I went for the breast opened her blouse and started enjoying and playing with the breast. She in the mean while was half enjoying and half sleepy. So I picked up her saree and found she was in her panties. I took the panties off and started looking at the pussy. I put my hand on her hair and played for some time with her pussy and pubic hair. By this time my deck was really hot and I thought of giving it some air, so I took it out and it was full of juice. I took out my hanky and wiped it of. I was not getting much response except occasionally she got up and kissed me.
I then separated her leg and took my dick on her pussy. I was pushing but the dick ran away. This woke her up and she caught and pushed the dick into her pussy. I started doing up and down and she woke and moaned till I told her I am coming and she said to discharge it inside. I discharged and she caught me and kissed me and licked. I also started doing the same following her. My dick was again back to business. My dick which had come out after shrinking was again erect. I put it back to he pussy; but this time I could do it. Again we fucked and fucked till her pussy was full of discharge. I got up and cleaned a little and asked to close the main door.
Next day she asked me if I was going with her and I agreed. As I went to the hospital his wife's eyes said everything and he looked at me helplessly. This was the beginning of my and Tusu's story which went on and on and she taught me the practical part of it.
;)
dhruba316
