M+F MMM+F HUMIL mc Wife Mdom Cuckold size, force voy.
My spelling is like my dick smallish and no good.
My wife still thinks I'm into this and slowly I am transformed into a cockwhore and I don't think its so bad no more.

Bully don't ask he takes


If you wonder who this pathetic person is and how I got into this position I shall tell you.


It really began long time ago in school when I was abused by a bully we called Ben the horse.

Horse was his name for his very big cock.

Ben treated me as his slave and he always took care of my money problems, he just took them.

And if that was not enough he took my girlfriends also, after a ride on his big cock they did not wanted me no more.

Once he took out his and compared it to mine before my girlfriend Lisa.

His was nearly 11 inches long and nearly 3 inches wide that against my nearly 3 inches long and under 05 inches wide.

Lisa looked and took his cock after a short considering under 1 second.


My youth was a long pain and I was really scared of him, like in a phobic way.


But school did not last forever and after that I moved into a bigger city and away from Ben and my nightmares.

I had some nightmares sometimes at least two times a week after I left my hometown.


My wife Lena I met on one of our meeting in that church I got to go to for comfort.

She was and is a really stunning girl, and I say girl because everybody thinks she is my teenage daughter.

In the beginning I was so ashamed over my cock, because it was so tiny, but Lena told me that the size dont matters for girls it is only in the mind it matters for some girls and she was certainly not one of them.

I had have some girls and Lena was the tightest and hottest girl I felt.

It was so wonderful to feel her squeezing around my cock and how she milked it dry with her very strong muscles.

I got married to this  fantastic girl and we began to  do some baby-planning.

We tried for nearly a year and must go to a doctor for getting some pills for help.


One year after our marriage I came home and heard Lena talking to somebody.

I want in and saw my old nightmare there, sitting on the opposite side of my wife.

On the table there was  some bottles of wine, Lena had some in her glass.

She was little tipsy and was so childish as she was when she began to be drunk.


Hey she said to me, Ben tells me that you and he was like brothers before.

Before I had a chance to answer he said yes and I helped David with everything.

Lena what now had  began to be a naughty girl asked , everything?

Yes even when he had problems with girls I went in.

Oohh Lena  zipped a big mouth of more wine.

Ben blinked at me and said so only I could hear "what a hot little hole you had got here".

I was to respond when he just boxed me on the arm just when Lena looked away and I went into my little world under Ben again.

The evning went on and Lena began to really loose it up and dance with Ben .

Ben pulled her close into his big body and nearly carried her around.


When they sat down after a dance, Lena came to me and said that Ben certainly will stand up for me again.

I was really wondering what she talked anout.

Dont be shy she said, Ben have explained that you like to watch him make love to your girlfriends.

I felt how cold I got, and was just going to answer her when he pulled her up and they danced.

They danced those very slow-songs tightly together.

I saw how Ben slowly began to win more and more of her body, his hand was after som struggle in and up her trouser and massage her ass.

Then he took her face and guide it into his and kissed her deep and her body just seemed to transform into jelly.

Now Ben was working faster and soon his hand was covering her cunt and with a big grin to me he pressed it in and began finger-fuck her.

Lena was soon hanging over this strong arm and began to ride his finger.

He began to liberate her body from clothes and soon they both stood there naked.

Ben with his gigantic cock and little Lena with a fascinating grin on her face.

Her hand could not reach around it, not at all.

Yeah he said, this is what your husband want to see in you.

I cant take that its to big.

No we shall make it fit, no problem just relax.

Lena got on her back in the sofa just in front of me and I saw how she guided it towards her still narrow hole.

My whole body screamed NOOOOO bur I was to scared to say something and I began to feel horny.

Be careful she said little scared.

Yeah sure he laughed out and began to lower his body and penetrate her slowly.

I saw how his cock head worked hardly and his cock got bent in a curve before it went in with a plopping sound.

That was the hardest now just relax and I am going to fill you with both joy and cream.

Damn his cock head was longer then my cock and it went in and out with her juice foaming around its shaft.

Longer and longer he came into her, he fucked her with 5-6 pushes and then a long for get longer and longer into her.

Lena came in a loudly orgasm and that orgasm went on and on.

Ben put more and more pressure in his thrust and soon he had droven it into the hilt and just lay there and enjoyed the feeling.

Damn I never had it so far in like I have now, damned I love this girl.

Ben whispered something into her ear and soon she began to fuck him from underneath, moaning and I heard her say I love your big big cock damn you fill me up so good.

Soon they both came Lena pulled her legs and arms around him and it looked as she pumped out his cream, I saw the cream pouring between her ass-cheeks when it came out in every thrust.


I just sat there and did not know what to do or say.

Lena took a brief pause and just washed her cunt and get ride of all juices.

When she came back she begged for more.

You must suck my cock hard then he laughed.

Lena took that monster and just put it into her mouth, she barely got the head in.

Her head went up and down  and his cock got hard,

Its your turn now he said to her.

Sit on it.

Lena took that cock with a big grin and lowered herself down , she looked as she really liked it when it was embedded so far in her at possible.

Now she began ro ride him off fast and hard.

Ben shouted at me to come and sit near by.

Feel he said and took my hand and put it on her stomach.

Damn I felt it, it was like when I felt Lena's sisters baby kick inside her but this was a monster-cock.

Hold your hand there now he demanded.

Lena my little fuck-hole pull his hand tight against your belly and he shall feel what a girl really want.

I could feel it clearly when it extracted her pussy to what I thought was the limit time after time.

Then he began to moan deeply and Lena got order to tighten up my hand and I thought I felt how the cock got even bigger and I must have imagine how he came in big streams in her.

She stopped and just sat there with his cock embedded in her and I saw again his semen pouring out her pussy.

Ben said to Lena to massage the balls little gentle and thanks for the gift it had given her.

That night I was sleeping in the sofa as they fucked all night.


In the morning Lena said that Ben  was moving in, he had to be in this town for at least 2 months.

Ben really thinks of you, helping you in this way she said.

He even bought a extra-bed so you can lay down and wank when you get horny of us making love.

So my life went on laying down and observed how my wife got fuck every night and the knowing that my cock was always going to be to small for her  was driving me mad.

Ben really took his time to make me feel very small and worthless.

One night he had some friends over for a poker-night, I was also playing but where loosing really bad.

Suddenly they said I had lost my wife for the night and  with a big grin from Lena they all went over her like a wolf-pack.

That was the beginning of a all night through fuck without  pause, just for emptying her bladder.

Lena got to try ass-fuck and she really liked it specially with a cock in her cunt.

They had smaller cocks so she could after some practice let them come down her throat.

But they where way bigger then mine, they looked as they where at least 8 inch long and 4-5 inches wide.

Lena looked as she was smeared all over her body when they where finished and could no more.

Those poker-nights came every Thursday.

Ben said to Lena that I think David wants more, we must give him what he wants.

He wants to be sissified.

What Lena I never could have thought that.

Yes and I know a girl that love give those loveless guys some love.

I really think he is going to love her, and of course love you more when all bridges are gone.

He showed us a picture and a woman stood there not slim not fat but what you noticed at her was her grin and that ridiculous big strap-on she had.

Wow Lena said, is that not to big?

No she have always manage to get it in boys asses, but then they are not small longer.

They both laughed.

After a couple of months at her place your beloved husband shall get his dream true. 

You see he always wanted to serve boys, he has a little girls mind in a boys body.

And when Hilda is finished with him he van take everything and have no blocking about his now little homophobia.

You know he said really fast after thats his sickness and he is never getting well if he cant live out his desire.

I wanted to scream, but he put on a ballgag on me so from now I could not protest if I got the courage to do it.


But that is a other story
