Warning: This story is unsuitable for minors and contains
explicit descriptions of sexual activity considered taboo (and
illegal) in most (if not all) jurisdictions. If such activity
offends you, please DO NOT read any further. I do not condone any
illegal activity and stress that this work is fiction, fantasy,
and in no way meant to reflect reality. Sexual abuse of minors is
a very serious issue and I encourage anyone tempted to engage in
such behavior to seek help immediately.

Title: Chapter Seven: A Helping Hand in Highschool (SciFi, mm)
Date of Latest Update to This Story: 3/28/17

Dear Reader: Thank you for taking the time to read my work. If
you wish to drop me a line, feel free. My email address is
(CreepingDawn@protonmail.com) and I look forward to hearing from
you. Additionally, proofreading is not one of my better skills so
if you find errors you believe impact the story's readability,
please let me know. Offers to proofread will be welcomed with
open arms.

This story is broken up into chapters. As such, the order you
should consider reading it is:

Chapter 1 
Memory Interlude 1 
Chapter 2 
Chapter 3 
Chapter 4 
Memory Interlude 2 
Chapter 5 
Chapter 6 
Chapter 7 
Concerning the Privileged Life of Cameron Seymour Riley III 
Memory Interlude 3
Chapter 8 
Epilogue

Without further adieu... 

.........................

"It has been a strange day," fifteen-year-old Finn Thomas
thought to himself. Only a short time ago, the tentacle things
that had been molesting him and his classmates had finally
retreated, leaving the stunned fifteen and sixteen-year-olds
adrift with uncertainty as to what was to come. Very quickly,
though, their lust overtook them and they capitulated en mass to
the desperate need to stroke themselves off. Now here he was,
jerking off in a room full of guys, trying as best he could to
blow his load.

"oooo... oooo... oooo..." Finn groaned as the fingers on his
right hand twirled about his sensitive cockhead while his left
hand gently rubbed his cum-filled balls. It was a personal
fantasy of Finn's to be able to jerk off while in the middle of
class without anyone noticing and, he ruminated to himself, this
was probably as close to fulfilling that fantasy as he would ever
get. Sitting on Mr. Larson's desk, the sophomore changed his
technique and began to frisk himself quickly, feeling the
impending orgasm approaching. As he scanned the classroom, his
eyes drifted over the other sophomore boys as each and every one
of them masturbated as furiously as they could and paid no
attention to Finn's own activities.

That is until Finn happened to glance at Ethan West and made a
shocking discovery.  Sitting in the front row and only a few feet
from Finn, his fist flying over his slick cock, the
sixteen-year-old was unabashedly staring at Finn and moaning as
he watched the younger teen pleasure himself. The shocking part
was, of course, that Ethan was blind. "Surely," thought Finn as
he continued to beat his meat, "Ethan isn't looking at me,
right?" Making eye contact for the first time, Finn was startled
and actually stopped masturbating when he realized that Ethan's
eyes were no longer the milky-glassy quality that they were just
that morning. Instead, bright green eyes stared lustily back at
him as the older boy continued to pump his member.

Smirking at the sudden realization that the only one who could
see him was the blind kid and unconcerned with the "whys" and
"hows", Finn redoubled his efforts to climax. Within moments, the
two boys, staring into each other's eyes, were on the precipice
of orgasm. When Ethan suddenly opened his mouth and sensually ran
his tongue across his lips, Finn, who was totally straight, lost
it.  "Uuunnggghhhh!!!!!" he groaned, erupting forcefully into the
air. His orgasm, of course, sent Ethan over the edge and for a
long while, the two boys milked blast after blast of cum out of
their rigid poles while their eyes, still locked, passed unheard
messages between them.

........................

Randal Dalton was not a nice person. At sixteen, he was easily
the least liked sophomore at Grant-Thorton high school. He was
loud, mean spirited, crude, and a general menace. He spent his
time alone, leaving his dark cave-like room only to eat, go to
school, and occasionally vandalize the neighborhood late at
night. He had no friends and went out of his way to ensure that
no one attempted to become his friend. At 5'2'' and 103lbs, he
could easily pass for a twelve-year-old and, despite having a
seven-inch cock, puberty had stayed generally far away from him,
exacerbating his acidic personality and leaving a rather large
chip on his shoulder.

It was because of his nasty personality that none approached
Randal when the boys rushed to pair up into jack-off buddies,
desperate for relief and anguished over the fact that their own
hands could no longer bring any sexual relief. Randal, sitting in
the far corner, continued to stroke himself urgently, ignoring
the other boys and refusing to degrade himself in such a gay way.
As the moments passed, though, and his classmates began to
achieve climax, he was unable to find any relief despite his wild
and frantic wrist movements. Eventually, he was the only one left
in the class who had not gotten-off and, his eyes glazed over and
his lust driving him mad, the poor boy began to weep silently in
sexual agony. It was then, as the class came down from their
sexual highs, that Dennis Beatty noticed poor Randal for the
first time and, still firing off the last half-dozen blasts of
his own orgasm, got up and approached the senseless boy.

Three years earlier, Randal had been nearly inseparable from
Dennis; his best friend since kindergarten. Dennis was everything
Randal was not. Tall, bulky, kind-hearted, personable, and
generally referred to as a "gentle-giant", the two were an
unlikely pair. Still, the two seventh-graders were best friends
and did everything together, including quite a few mutual
masturbatory sessions. It was after one such session, Dennis
having just jacked off the thirteen-year-old Randal, that the
poor boy broke down and admitted to his best friend that he was
gay. Instead of being supportive, Randal, as straight as an
arrow, went ballistic and broke off their friendship, going so
far as to belittle and demean Dennis in public whenever possible.

As such, when Dennis approached the suffering Randal, it was with
a bit of trepidation. His former friend, sitting on a desk and
wanking furiously, didn't notice his approach. Making up his mind
to do the right thing, the 6'1'' 190lbs angel of mercy slid into
a vacated seat and, wrapping his arm around the much smaller boy,
pulled the dazed young man into his lap, his own half hard cock
resting between the warm buns of his former friend's hairless
bottom. Randal, his instincts latching on to the warm comfort of
another human body, snuggled against the much larger teen and
groaned in sexual frustration. When Dennis's hand reached around
the boy sitting in his lap and grasped his well-endowed tool, a
shock of pleasure hit the poor boy like a punch in the gut. As
Dennis began to frisk him quickly, his hand slick with Randal's
pre-cum, Randal's awareness began to return and, the moment he
realized that his former friend was jerking him off, he moaned
loudly and climaxed. Rope after rope of his semen launched into
the air as Randal turned his head slightly, looked Dennis in the
eyes, and silently conveyed his deepest gratitude and sincerest
apologies for his unforgivable behavior.

.................................................................
............................

"If Grant ever hears about this, I'll never live it down" thought
Felix Werner ruefully, the argument from just that morning
filtering through his mind. He and his brother Grant, only a year
younger than Felix at fourteen, had gotten into it pretty
heatedly before school as only brothers could. The end result, of
course, was Grant calling him a cocksucker and sarcastically
asking him if he was going to go down on his best friend, Ricky
Pryor, after school. Both he and Ricky were straight, of course,
so he played it up and began to tell his brother all about the
nasty sex they were going to have; grossing the younger boy
enough that he ceded the argument and left. The irony that Felix
was now enthusiastically bobbing up and down on Ricky's six-inch
cock was not lost on the sophomore.

Before his thoughts could progress any further, Ricky, who was
busy sucking Felix's own horny pole, pulled almost all the way
off of his cock and began to swirl his tongue all around Felix's
sensitive cockhead. "Ungh... Ungh... Mmuuggghhhh" Felix grunted
in pleasure, powerful shocks racking his body. At that moment, he
began to cum hard into his friend's mouth and all thoughts of his
brother dissipated as his mind sought nirvana.

Felix would have laughed, however, if he had seen his brother at
that moment; one floor down and seven rooms over, the
fourteen-year-old Grant was squealing like a girl as one of his
classmates was busy sucking a massive load out of him while
aggressively teasing his prostate with the two fingers shoved
deeply in the freshman's ass.

.................................................................
............................

Sixteen-year-old Blake "the plumber" Dooley was a principled
lover. A star wide-receiver, he'd been with eleven girls and,
with each new conquest, gained more and more of a reputation as a
stud; his perfectly proportioned eight-inch fuckstick the tool he
used gladly when the girls needed him to fix their own plumbing.
The drawback of being so well hung, of course, was it took a
great deal of preparation before he could snake his own snake
into his women. That's why he was so principled; he would do
whatever was necessary to get his girls ready so they enjoyed the
experience because if they complained, he would definitely see a
drop in available (and willing) female partners.

So, when Micah Groves latched onto him and begged Blake to fuck
him, Blake did the only thing he could think of. He layed Micah
on his back across a nearby table and began to work the
whimpering boy's asshole in preparation for his giant cock.
Though Blake had never been with a boy before, two of his
previous partners had asked him for anal sex so he was somewhat
familiar with job requirements. As he slid two fingers in and out
of the boy's backdoor, he gazed lustily at Micah who was writhing
in pleasure and moaning in need.

Boys didn't do it for Blake, though he had sometimes wondered
what it would be like to fuck another guy. Fifteen-year-old
Micah, a small nerdy introverted kid with whom Blake had never
had much contact, was a good choice. Grasping Micah's hard
five-inch cock and stroking it gently, Blake added a third finger
into the surprisingly pliant but still incredibly tight asshole.
As the moments passed and Blake casually observed that the rest
of the class was busy either fucking or being fucked, he decided
it was nearly time. Before entering Micah, though, Blake had one
more piece of business; a tradition of sorts that started when he
had first lost his virginity.

Partially as a "thank you" to the hole that would soon encase his
manhood and partially as an "i'm sorry" for the inevitable
discomfort that hole would soon be experiencing, Blake always
went down on his partner's entrance right before fucking them. It
was a sort of penance and celebration at the same time dedicated
to the joy of the fuck. Though part of his mind warned him that
this was a boy's asshole he was approaching, he stood firm in his
traditions. Pulling his fingers out of the boy and releasing his
cock, Blake used both hands to spread Micah's asscheeks wide so
his small pink pucker, still dilated slightly, glistened wetly.
Leaning forward, his tongue darted past his lips and he began to
rim Micah's asshole, softly at first but progressively harder as
the seconds ticked by. Micah moaned loudly, screaming in pleasure
when Blake's tongue shoved it's way deep past his sphincter and
into his boypussy.

Realizing it was time, Blake stood and lined his huge cock up
with Micah's quivering hole. Grasping the boy's hips, Blake took
a deep breath and lunged forward, all eight inches sliding
powerfully into the teen until his large ballsack rested casually
against Micah's backside. Both boys drowned out the moans around
them, Blake roaring in pleasure as his cock was encased in the
tightest and hottest hole he'd ever penetrated while Micah
shrieked in orgasm, his own teencock erupting blast after blast
of cum as the massive tool that had invaded his pussy stretched
his hole and forced it's way into his colon.

Blake would have cum right there but for his own stubbornness and
desire to actually fuck his partner. Taking a few deep breaths as
the boy below him continued to shoot his load, Blake slowly began
to withdraw his huge tool. When it was nearly out, he thrust
forward again and slammed all eight inches home, forcing Micah to
yelp in surprise. Realizing his partner was able to take his tool
without much problem, Blake suddenly put his fucking into gear
and began to jackhammer the poor ejaculating Micah. "BAM BAM BAM
BAM BAM" filled the room as Blake powered into Micah, holding the
boy's shoulders in an iron grip so that he didn't actually fuck
the boy too far away from him. Micah, meanwhile, still in the
middle of his exceptionally powerful climax, screamed
incoherently as he was sodomized violently. Suddenly and without
warning, Micah's climax was interrupted by a brand new orgasm,
the first flowing directly into the second and his still
ejaculating cock, which had just erupted twenty-seven times and
still had ten more eruptions to go, redoubling it's efforts to
expel his boycream. His voice cut out, his scream becoming silent
as the boy shook violently while overwhelmed with his two
concurrent and damn near simultaneous orgasms.

For Blake, this fuck was the best of his life. As his partner
came for the second time in mere seconds, Blake felt Micah's ass
clench down hard on his tool and that additional pressure sent
him over the edge. He bellowed loudly as he climaxed, fucking
Micah in long powerful strokes as he began to fire his hot liquid
into the squirming teenager below him. Collapsing forward, his
chest pressed up against his partner while the other teen's cock
continued to erupt a seemingly never-ending stream of cum between
them, Blake could only groan as he filled his partner's ass to
the point that his jizz began erupting violently out of the boy's
stuffed ass. Panting, Blake couldn't help but wonder whether he
should now start a list of male conquests and, more importantly,
if he should add to that list if and when this whole ordeal was
over.

