Diane's Modeling Mistake
bydandd©

Diane slammed the door as she trudged in the house. Her poor husband, Greg, got caught in her war path. Out of nowhere she went on a tirade about her work, and more specifically the upcoming fashion show. Once Diane was able to calm down a bit, Greg learned what was troubling her.

Apparently, Diane's problem was that the fashion show that they were to attend that very night was going to be a total disaster. Diane was too upset to say anything else, so Greg decided he would get her a cup of coffee while she cooled off.

Greg poured the both of them a cup of coffee and returned to Diane. He tried to understand what was making her so upset. Greg knew that Diane was under a lot of stress at work. After all, she recently received a big promotion and rise. After years of working at CCD, a rapidly growing fashion design studio, she had finally gotten to design her own line. Diane was now responsible for ten employees that followed her command.

Tonight's event was to be the unveiling of her new line of club-wear. It was a show for all of her bosses and the company's investors to see. It was planned to be a big promotion that the company used to impress its investors. There would be the fashion show itself, and then there was going to be food, drinks and a band. It was a big event, so all of the staff and their spouses would also be attending. But, as far as Greg knew every thing was going as planned.

Diane was finally calm enough and decided to explain her situation to Greg. It all started in the morning when she received a call telling her that the models that she hired were not going to be able to make it to her show tonight. This posed a big problem for Diane, because obviously a fashion show isn't possible without models. Worse yet, the dresses had already been tailored to fit the models she originally hired.

She had spent the whole day trying to track down models, but had failed. Either it wasn't enough notice to book them, or they had the wrong measurements to fit in the dresses they had to model. She had originally hired and planned for five models, but she was only able to find two models that had the right build and were available for the show.

Diane explained to Greg that two models just couldn't do the whole show. She needed at least one more model in order for the show to work. The two models she just hired would be able to wear most of her new line, but there was a sizeable chunk of her collection that wouldn't fit either of the new models. She also said that with only two models, the show would progress too slowly.

Greg thought about her problem and looked down at his watch. It was now half past five and the show was to start in two hours. There was absolutely no time to hire a model, so he told her that the only solution would be to get one of her employees to stand in as a model. Or, if need be Diane should stand in as a model herself. But, Greg knew that Diane would be too chicken to model on a runway in front of her co-workers.

After telling her husband what a stupid idea that was, Diane got up and walked into the kitchen. She kept thinking who could she get to model? After much thought, she concluded that she was the only one she knew that was thin enough to fit in the dresses. This was probably the first time in Diane's life that she wished she wasn't in such good shape. But, the model she tailored the dresses for was more slender than her and she was the smallest woman in the office. The dresses were originally fitted for that small model and while they could be modified to fit her, they would just barely fit.

At first the idea of her modeling was absurd, she kept thinking to herself. She was able to fit in the dresses, but just barely. Diane wasn't fat by any means, she was a good 5'7" and only weighed 115lbs, but she wasn't quite as small as the small model she cut some of the dresses to fit. Even if she could fit in the clothes, she would chicken out before she would model in some skimpy clothes in front of her boss and co-workers.

Greg could tell that his suggestion had made the wheels in Diane's mind start to turn. While she was always very proper at work, she had a wild side. She was a closet exhibitionist. Although she didn't like to admit it, she would wear intentionally skimpy clothing to clubs (as reflected in her dress designs) and loved to show off her goods to random guys. While it did embarrass her, the thought of strange guys and girls seeing her nude always made her horny. The previous summer, she and Greg had been caught playing "photographer" by a few couples when they were at the local park. The memory of being caught in the buff by strangers still made Diane wet.

Diane wasn't sure why she liked to show off her nude body so much, but the whole experience was always such a rush for her. Diane supposed that she like the whole rush of emotions brought on by situation. There would be waves of excitement, horniness, and feelings of embarrassment pulsating through her entire body.

Suddenly Diane's cell phone rang and roused Diane from their thoughts. On the phone was Diane's boss, he had heard of her trouble finding models and wanted to be assured that that everything was going to go smoothly. Diane told him that she was really having trouble finding enough models, but she had just found a third and the show would go on as planned. Diane knew her boss would sympathize with her, but she also knew that this event could make or break her career at CCD.

Greg heard Diane talking on the phone and concluded that she was indeed going to be a model at the show. Greg walked in and wrapped his arms around Diane. He assured her that she could handle this situation. Diane looked at him in sort of a daze and said that the only solution was for her to be the third model. But she didn't know if she could handle modeling clothes on a runway in front of all of her bosses and co-workers. Her club-wear line was intentionally skimpy, because that was the popular fashion.

Greg sympathized with her, but then he told Diane that she might actually enjoy it. He said that she had a great body and put a lot of time and effort into staying fit, so why not show off her body After all, she was a closet exhibitionist. Diane explained to Greg that being caught "accidentally" by a stranger was a completely different situation than parading in skimpy club-wear in front of her bosses and co-workers.

"I know that there are a few guys at work that you wouldn't mind showing off for at work isn't there?" Greg asked.

"I don't know." replied Diane. "There are a couple of cute guys that I wouldn't mind giving a show, but there will also be the boss, the office girls and their spouses there also. I don't really want them to see me in a tight, skimpy dress" said Diane.

"Well, you aren't going to be naked right? I mean these are dresses people are going to wear in public aren't they?" asked Greg.

Diane nodded her head and had to agree that her dresses were meant to be worn to clubs and "technically" that would be in public, but the whole situation still seemed frightening to her. Not all of the dresses were final designs, some were just very skimpy precursors to an actual production dress. A few of the dresses were too risqué for public, but were being shown for their cuts and designs.

But now no matter how Diane felt, she knew that she was going to be the third model. She had already told her boss that the show would go on and she had a third model. That meant that no matter if she wanted to or not, she was going to have to model some very skimpy outfits in front of her whole company. The only thing left was to call her assistant Cindy and tell her the plan.

When Greg and Diane finally arrived at the event, the place was packed. This was a great turnout for the unveiling of Diane's new summer line. There had to be at least 150 people attending this event!

Diane was totally stressed out by all of these people. She knew about how many people RSVPed for the show, but actually seeing all of them and knowing that she would be practically nude in front of them was killing her. Strangely enough though, she did feel a little spark of excitement start to surge in her body.

Cindy, Diane's assistant, ran up to Greg and Diane with clipboard and headset in hand. She explained that she needed Diane to try on a few of the garments before the show started show they could be altered to fit her. Diane told her that she would be backstage in a second.

Greg kissed Diane on the cheek and said to her "I love you and I know that you will be great! I'll be waiting right here for you after the show." Then he moved in a little closer to her and whispered, "Don't worry, you are beautiful. Everyone will love you. I know that I'm going to love it."

Diane went backstage and found Cindy. Cindy was standing by the rack of dresses that Diane was to model. She told Diane that she put the ones that Diane needed at the end of the rack. These dresses were exceptionally form fitting and needed to be adjusted for Diane. Diane knew exactly which dresses she meant, these dresses were very tight and slightly sheer. The thought of her boss and co-workers seeing her in these dresses sent a surge of embarrassment through her body.

Diane instinctively looked for a place to change into the dress, but then it dawned on her, she would be changing right where she stood. She had been backstage at fashion shows before and knew that the models didn't get private dressing rooms at fashion shows. And these dresses either had built in bras or required no bra at all, so she knew that she was going to have to lose the bra to wear the dresses.

Cindy stood and waited for Diane to try on the first dress. Diane was embarrassed about taking her clothes off in front of Cindy. After all, Cindy was her assistant and she worked with everyday. What would Cindy think of her after seeing her stripped down to nothing but her thong panties?

Diane took a deep breath and started to undo the buttons on her dress. She kept looking around intensely for anyone else that might be lurking around. It was bad enough that Cindy was going to see her almost completely naked. She didn't really want someone else she worked with to see her standing there topless in a thong. Diane slowly slid her dress down and stepped out of it. There she stood nothing covering her body except for a small black Victoria's Secret bra and matching thong.

Cindy was trying hard not to be obvious, but Diane could tell that she was checking out her body. Diane closed her eyes and slowly unhooked her bra. She slowly removed it and tossed it onto the makeup table. She turned to Cindy and asked her for the first dress. Cindy turned around and pulled a dress off of the rack. When she turned back around towards Diane, her gaze went to Diane's chest.

Diane suddenly became aware that her nipples were fully erect! She wasn't sure if it was the cold or the excitement, but obviously Cindy noticed too. At this point she really wanted this night to be over quickly. It was embarrassing enough standing in her panties with her bare breasts exposed in front of Cindy.

As Cindy handed Diane the dress, she gazed at Diane's naked breasts. Diane had nice slightly tan, quarter sized nipples. Cindy was by no means a lesbian, but she did have to admit to herself that Diane had nice boobs! Glancing down, she also noticed that Diane was showing a bit of camel toe. Cindy couldn't see any pubic hair and figured that Diane must be a shaver. Cindy figured that Diane wore a very small pair of panties in order to be able to wear them with the tight dresses she would be modeling tonight. But, Cindy knew that she wouldn't be able to wear any panties in a few of the later dresses. Diane also knew that a few of the dresses required the model to be nude underneath, but wasn't ready to lose her panties just yet.

Diane finished putting on the dress and looked to Cindy for her approval. Cindy could easily see Diane's nipples poking out through the fabric of the dress. But more than that, her areolas were definitely visible as well. Her black thong also stood out through the pink fabric, but without panties Cindy wondered exactly what would be visible to everyone.

Cindy looked at Diane and told her that she looked great. While Cindy did think that Diane looked great, she was also very grateful that she wasn't in her shoes. There were going to be a whole lot of guys from the office with their cameras and Cindy knew she couldn't handle being seen it dresses like this in front of everyone. But she had to admit that all of the men from the office were going to love this show tonight. Diane has always been considered one of the office hotties, but no one had ever seen her like they were going to tonight.

Diane modeled the rest of the dresses that might need altered without any more problems arising. The night seemed like it was going well after all.

There were only five minutes left until the show started and Diane's nerves were absolutely shot. "I need a drink very bad!" Diane nervously said to Cindy. Cindy figured that Diane was probably right and went to get her a glass of wine.

Diane drank the first glass down like a shot and commanded Cindy to fetch her another glass of wine. Cindy complied with the order, but warned her that being drunk in high heeled shoes on the catwalk was not a good idea. Diane agreed, but in order to be able to pull this off she needed some "liquid encouragement."

The fashion show was about to begin. Diane could hear her co-workers and bosses all filling up the seats around the runway. Then she heard the announcer telling the people about what they were about to see. Diane's fashion show was finally going to happen; this was a big opportunity for her. She knew that she was going to be deathly embarrassed out on the runway, but she had to perform her best for the sake of her career.

As Greg found his seat, the announcements were going on. Apparently, this was Diane's premiere summer collection. It contained a collection of dresses and club-wear meant to appeal to the Spring Break crowd. Greg figured that the dresses would be small and knew that Diane would look smoking hot modeling them.

Backstage, Diane and the other models were in their first outfits of the night. They were all lined up and ready to strut on the runway. Suddenly, Diane saw the first model walk out through the curtain and knew that her turn was quickly coming up. Because there were only three models, they had been instructed to walk slowly. The models that weren't on the runway would need time to change, so the show would flow seamlessly.

Greg had seen the first two models walk out and back and finally, Diane popped out from behind the curtain. She did look stunning! She was wearing a black slinky dress that hugged her form very well. This was a very sexy dress indeed, but Greg wasn't sure why Diane was so embarrassed about modeling. She looked just as good as the other models to him and she walked the runway like a pro. These dresses were definitely sexy, but nothing she hadn't worn to a Christmas Party or two.

The whole room was absolutely buzzing when Diane walked out on the catwalk. A lot of people had no idea that she was going to be one of the models. Her boss (and of course the male employees) seemed to have more enthusiasm about the show after she appeared. Greg could see all of Diane's co-workers whispering to each other re-affirming who they just saw.

Diane's boss was very surprised to see Diane was modeling. He knew that she was having trouble finding models, but he never expected her to actually step in as a model herself. He figured this is why she waited until the eleventh hour to tell him everything was going to be alright. He really had to admire her for standing in; she was really showing her dedication to the company.

The show continued flawlessly, but two things did stick out in the back of Greg's mind. Diane had modeled five dresses so far and each dress seemed to be a bit skimpier than the last dress. How far would this trend continue? Also, there seemed to be a noticeably greater amount of photographs taken when Diane was on the Catwalk. Of course, there were the professional photographers, hired to cover the show. But there were also guys shooting pictures with personal cameras and even cell phones when Diane would appear. Greg wasn't stupid, he knew that a lot of the guys were taking photos of Diane and he doubted they were for business purposes. Greg wasn't mad though, he thought of it as compliment. Obviously he wasn't the only guy who thought that Diane was beautiful.

About halfway through the show Diane once again walked back to the dressing area. Cindy was holding the next dress for her to wear. This dress was definitely skimpier than the previous ones. This was where the show was really going to test her limits. Diane slipped off the other dress and waited for Cindy to hand her the next dress. But, Cindy reminded her that she wouldn't be able to wear her panties with this dress. The panty line would ruin the desired effects of the dress.

Diane paused for a second, but she knew what she had to do. She quickly pulled down her panties and threw them on the makeup counter. There she was backstage completely naked in front of her assistant, while her husband, boss and co-workers were just on the other side of the wall. Cindy handed her the dress, but while doing so took in another eyeful of Diane's body. The situation was also a strange one for Cindy. She was also a bit embarrassed to be standing right next to her nude boss. Cindy had worked for Diane for the past few years and they had always gotten along very well. But, they weren't exactly old friends, they were just really good colleagues.

Cindy looked Diane over as she was trying to get her dress on. She had been right, Diane was a shaver. Diane had the smallest little runway strip that Cindy had ever seen. Cindy really had to admire Diane's nice body. She now understood why all of the guys at work were infatuated with Diane. Diane had a very pretty face and a nice body to match. Her boobs were nice and round and seemed to be quite firm. But, Diane's little runway strip really stood out to her. Diane's bald pink little pussy looked especially naughty with a little strip of hair just above it. Cindy wasn't positive, but it looked like Diane might be a bit excited.

Diane quickly slipped in the dress and looked in the mirror. Diane could see that her nipples were clearly showing through the sheer material in the front of the dress. The fact that the auditorium was air conditioned and losing her panties made her nipples poke out even more prominently through her dress. For a second she thought that her little "strip" in front of her pussy was visible, but she couldn't be completely sure. She was still half- blind from all of the camera flashes she had just been exposed to.

Greg (and probably everyone else) was all eagerly awaiting to see what Diane was going come out wearing next. When Diane finally walked back out from the behind the curtain and the cameras went crazy. As she walked closer and closer, Greg could tell what all the fuss was about.

The dress that Diane was wearing was very transparent in the bright lights of the stage. From a distance it was noticeable that she wasn't wearing any underwear, but no details were visible. But as she got closer and closer, her nipples really became clearly visible. Greg could swear that he could even see the little strip in front of her pussy. This dress was definitely made for a club with lower light levels and up on the stage with the bright lights and camera flashes, Diane was showing even more than she realized. She was basically walking down the runway in a piece of colored thin mesh. When she stopped at the end of the runway to pose and turn around, the camera went nuts again. The dress was sheer enough that you could see the way up to where Diane's legs ended. As she walked away, it became apparent to everyone that her ass was also very visible through the dress. The dress was cut so short seemed like her ass might pop out of the bottom of the dress at any moment! Diane had a nice little bubble butt that definitely drove the guys wild, but alas she was able to make it backstage with the dress in place.

After seeing that dress, there were definitely a few men quietly adjusting themselves in their chairs. Diane's boss leaned over to his assistant and said "Did we just see what I thought we saw?" Of course it was a rhetorical question; he knew damn well in his mind what he saw. There was Diane, a woman he always thought was extremely attractive basically nude under a sheer piece of cloth. He definitely wanted a copy of the photos taken tonight. Her luscious breasts and round ass were definitely getting him worked up.

Diane was finally backstage once more. She still had a good alcohol buzz, but that was definitely humiliating. She knew that the dress was pretty sheer, but she hadn't counted on the lights on stage being as bright as they were. She knew that everyone had just seen her almost completely naked! She wondered what her co-workers and boss thought about her body and what they were saying. She also knew that the rest of the dresses she had to model didn't offer anymore coverage either. This was the beginning of the real test of the night.

Diane requested that Cindy get her another glass of wine. Cindy quickly rushed out while Diane changed. Cindy brought back the wine in no time, but warned Diane that she better not drink too much. But, Diane really needed more alcohol, just to cope with the current situation. She knew that everyone she worked with was getting a good view of her most private places, it was exciting her and making her very horny, but it was also very embarrassing.

The next few dresses Diane modeled were more or less a similar to the first sheer dress she wore. The dresses really varied on cuts and styles, but the overall coverage was pretty much unchanged. Greg figured that the show wasn't going to get anymore risqué. But, Diane was basically walking around her co-workers nude with a color fabric filter.

The excitement of Diane's modeling was still making the room buzz. And after what seemed like a hundred trips down the runway, Cindy informed Diane that this was the last dress she had to wear. Diane was relieved, and then she saw the dress Cindy was holding. This was definitely the most revealing dress of the bunch. It was cut down the front to just below her belly button and cut down to just above her butt crack in the back. The skirt section had high slits on both sides. It was long and flowing, it wasn't sheer, but it definitely gave the illusion of nudity. This dress wasn't really fully finished yet, so it was basically held together with a network of safety pins. Cindy warned her to be extra careful not to tug on the dress as she could easily rip out the safety pins that held it together.

Diane put on the dress, adjusted everything and prepared to go back on the runway for one last time. This dress was originally fitted for a taller model than her and the front kept getting caught under her shoes. She thought to herself that she shouldn't have had that last glass of wine; she was beginning to get very tipsy. She was actually having fun now showing off her body to everyone, but knowing that she had to see them everyday at work afterwards was still playing in the back of her mind.

When Diane emerged on the catwalk for the last time, the place absolutely erupted! Camera bulbs were flashing so much; it seemed that there was one continual flash. Everyone wanted to see more of Diane and they were definitely getting a good look now. While Diane's dress wasn't sheer it was cut so low that it almost seemed like she was only wearing a skirt. She was definitely modeling the most provocative dress of the evening.

Diane's boss thought his dick was going to poke a hole through his pants when he saw Diane in that dress! Wow, it was a very provocative dress in his opinion and Diane looked like a sex kitten in it. Diane's co-workers were also really excited about seeing Diane in that dress. The guys in the audience couldn't believe how lucky they were to see Diane like this. There she was, one of the upper level workers, basically strutting around nude in front of them. None of them thought the night could get any better.

Greg was also a bit shocked to see Diane in that particular dress. Of course, he had seen Diane naked a hundred times, but she truly looked sexy wearing this. He couldn't believe that she actually modeled that dress herself. The cut of the dress seemed to just barely cover up the right areas to make the dress legal to wear in public. He really wished that he had brought his camera to the show now.

Walking down the runway, Diane was a little bit relieved knowing that the show was almost over, but she also began to notice just how skimpy this particular dress was. She was also having trouble not getting her feet caught because that the dress was too long. But she just had to make it to the end of the runway and back. She just kept thinking that this was the last dress and it would be over very soon.

In the time it took a camera to flash, the unthinkable happened. Diane was almost to the end of the runway when she accidentally stepped on the front of her dress too hard and pulled cleanly off her body!

There was Diane standing in front of the whole room completely nude! Every person in the crowd was staring directly at her. Her C cup breasts and hardened nipples glowed brightly in the stage lights. Those closer to the end of the stage were also treated to a good view of her shave pussy with just the smallest of runways. Though not visible to all, those up close to the stage could see her inner labia were engorged and protruding from her vagina out ever so slightly.

The audience towards the front of the stage was concentrated on her nice ass. It was round, but not at all fat, one of the guys later described it as "ghetto booty." Every flashbulb in the building started flashing faster and faster. Diane was like a deer caught in the headlights! She was strangely aware something happened, but the alcohol was slowing her brain's understanding of what exactly just happened.

Diane's boss was absolutely enamored now, as was everyone else in the building. He looked her over top to bottom very thoroughly! She had a taller slightly slender build, and a bubble butt. No more teasing, nothing was being hid from his eyes now! Her breasts looked full, round and were slightly pointy. She had nice quarter sized tan nipples and areolas. He also noticed that she had the sexy little tan lines. He especially liked the little strip of light brown hair right above her pussy. The combination of seeing her little pink pussy lips and little strip made him want to come right in his pants. She definitely was the complete package and he would definitely have to get copies of the photos taken tonight. He didn't care if he had to confiscate cameras at the exit door.

After a few seconds, Diane came back to her senses. What had just happened! She thought. She's walking one moment and standing completely nude in front of the whole room the next moment. She was extremely embarrassed now! But, she also felt like her she might cum on the spot. Everyone was seeing her in her full glory was really turning her on. She knew everyone was seeing her tits and her ass. She could feel heat from all of the spectators looking at and photographing her most intimate places.

But a wave of embarrassment ran through Diane's body and she wanted to bold backstage. Diane turned around to pick up the dress and quickly and run backstage, but she didn't realize one of her shoes was still on the dress. The combination of tugging the dress with her shoe on it and being tipsy from the alcohol made her fall flat on her back. The fall was hard and almost knocked her out, but somehow Diane stayed conscious but completely dazed.

Greg thought that he would pass out at that point! On one hand, he was worried about her having a nasty spill, but the pose she fell in really had his attention. Diane had not only lost her dress standing in front of everyone now she was nude laying flat out on her back! He could tell she was dazed; because when she fell her legs fanned out to each side. And the fact that she wasn't making an effort to cover up at all told him that she knocked her head pretty good. Her legs had fallen apart far enough that her pussy was on display for all to see! She was obviously horny and her pussy gaped open for everyone inspect. Greg wasn't sure how Diane was going to handle this. Being almost nude and completely nude with your legs spread open were two completely different things!

Diane's boss was absolutely ecstatic! In the back of his head he was worried about Diane and he should've probably been worried that some of the investors would be offended, but that was the furthest thing from his mind. Any money lost on this show was worth every single penny. He couldn't believe that Diane was lying nude on the end of the stage in the missionary position, completely nude, just a few feet from him! It was as if Christmas had come early. Her pussy was spread open and her labia were pouting slightly. From his vantage point he could easily see her swollen clit peeking out of the top of Diane's vagina. Her breasts had flattened out a bit because of her being on her back, but still ample and seemingly firm. Diane's boss knew that this image of her would be burned in his memory forever!

The photographers and Diane's co-workers weren't missing any of this either. Instead of seeing if she was OK, people were instead taking photos like mad. She wasn't even technically modeling a dress anymore, but the photographers and their cameras weren't slowing down a bit. If anything, the cameras were going faster than ever.

Still in a daze, Diane slowly started to stand up. She instinctively rolled over and began to get up on her knees. While she did this little maneuver she inadvertently gave half of the room a nice "clam shot" and the other half got to a good shot of her boobs hanging down.

Diane's boss and Greg were both lucky enough to get the "clam shot" as Diane stood up. That was officially it, Diane had no more secrets! Diane's boss really loved seeing Diane bent over in front of him like this. He could see her nice round ass and her pink little asshole. Obviously, Diane not only shaved her pussy, but her asshole was also completely hair free. He focused again on her bald pussy that looked so spectacular; he could definitely see that she was wet. Now he had definitely seen all of Diane's naked charms.

Once he realized that she was OK, Greg couldn't have been prouder of Diane at that very moment. He always had a fantasy of showing her nude body in front of a whole crowd and she was making that fantasy come true.

Finally Diane was able to make it to her feet with the dress in hand and proceeded to walk back towards the curtain. She walked at a brisk pace, but she couldn't help notice that the cameras were following her and continuing to photograph her. But, she made no attempt to cover herself up; she knew it wouldn't have made any difference at this point. The cameras didn't stop flashing until Diane was completely backstage.

The room became very religious at that moment. The men were thanking God for the wardrobe malfunction. And the women were thanking God it wasn't them on that stage!

Diane finally made it past the curtain and was backstage. Cindy saw what had happened, so she was waiting with a robe for Diane to put on. Diane was so embarrassed that she could have cried, but she was also so horny that she could have cum just as easily. Cindy looked at Diane and told her that she had a nasty bump on the side of her forehead. Diane felt and remembered that she had hit her head when she fell. Cindy told her that she would get her an icepack and to just sit down for a minute.

While Cindy went to get her an icepack, Diane had a minute to reflect on what had just happened. She had just been totally exposed in front of all of her co-workers and their spouses, and worse, her boss! They had just seen her naked body and they even saw her with her legs spread! What was going to be the fallout from this? Would she lose her job, would her boss fire her? Cindy returned and gave Diane the icepack. Cindy then left again to take care of some preparations for the after party.

Diane couldn't hide backstage all night (although she would've loved to) so after getting dressed and collecting herself she had to go out and face everyone. She slowly crept out of the backstage area, desperately trying not to draw any attention to herself. She only wanted to find Greg and leave as quickly as possible.

Greg saw Diane and walked over to her. She quickly put her arms around him and hugged him tightly. She looked at him like "what the hell just happened." Greg could see Diane need comforting, so he tried to calm and soothe her, the best he could.

A minute later, Diane's boss walked up to her and Greg. Diane could see he was looking at her body and figured he was probably trying to visualize her naked again. He extended his hand to Diane and shook her hand enthusiastically. "That was one of the best shows we've ever had. Your new line is definitely going to be a big hit!" Diane's boss said to her. Having him say this to her relieved her a bit; it seemed that at least her job was still safe.

The rest of her time at the party was kind of a blur for Diane. Her mind kept going back to the moment she was naked in front of the whole crowd. Most of the people congratulated her and acted as if nothing happened. But, a few of the uncouth members of the party made a few remarks about her "wardrobe malfunction." Also, a few of the female co-workers were giving her dirty looks, as if she planned the whole thing. But she was able to make it to the end of the party and left with her husband Greg after it was over.

On the way home Diane grilled Greg over and over about what happened earlier that night. She wanted to know what everyone saw and what people were saying about her. Greg couldn't really tell her much more than she already knew which didn't please Diane.

The next week at work was definitely uncomfortable for Diane. While no one was talking to her about the fashion show, she could hear the whispers and see the stares. But as long as everyone was being civil about the situation, she could handle that. By the end of the week everything seemed to be business as usual in the office.

That Friday rolled around and Diane met Greg at a nice restaurant. After they wined and dined, they drove home and prepared to settle in. Once they got home, Diane turned on the TV and Greg went to pour them some wine. They just sat and watched a sitcom or two and continued to drink.

Once Greg thought that Diane had consumed enough wine and was sufficiently inebriated to keep her from getting upset Greg showed her a DVD. He decided to put in the DVD that his buddy had given him earlier that day. As he was putting it in, Diane quizzed him about what they were about to watch.

"I'm not completely sure, one of my buddies at my work got it from a guy who works at CCD and said that I would be interested" Greg told Diane.

Greg sat down next to Diane and hit the play button, what appeared on the screen surprised both of them. It was a video recording of the fashion show. Diane was feeling quite a bit of embarrassment again seeing that video. She had no idea that the dresses were so sheer in the bright stage lights. She couldn't believe that she had paraded around in front of her co-workers wearing such revealing outfits.

Then the main event of the evening came up. Whoever shot the video was sitting at the end of the stage, because he had a great vantage point to see her pussy and later ass when she tried to stand up. Diane was feeling all of the embarrassment of the night all over again. She really had no intention to show her whole work all of her most intimate places. How many copies of this were floating around work and beyond?

Diane was really, really embarrassed watching herself naked on the TV, but she was also as horny as hell. Knowing everyone was staring at her naked pussy and asshole made Diane so horny. Without warning she jumped on top of Greg. Diane was all over him like a wild animal! Diane knew she needed Greg to fuck her right there on the couch.

Without wasting any time, Diane was naked, followed very closely by Greg. He pushed her down on the couch and spread her legs open. He started to kiss her chest and nipples. Slowly Greg worked his tongue down to her pussy! He buried his tongue deep in side Diane's pussy while his hands played with her tits. Diane was so horny that she gushed all over Greg's face within seconds. Greg loved eating out Diane, but he really wanted to fuck her now.

He told Diane to kneel on the sofa and over the back of it. Greg thrust his cock in deep inside her pussy. He was fucking her so hard, that Diane thought she might just split in half. But, Diane couldn't help but push back just as hard on Greg's cock. Seeing her in that video had made both of them extremely horny and they just needed to fuck so badly.

After a good twenty minutes of hard fucking, Greg pulled out his cock and put it in Diane's mouth. She normally didn't swallow, but this time Diane didn't care, she wanted to drink his sperm. At that point Diane was so horny and excited, she didn't even care and when Greg shot his load in her mouth, she swallowed every drop.

After a good second and third round of sex, Greg and Diane lay on the floor completely exhausted. Greg and Diane agreed, with sex that good, maybe she should model again. 
