Series Title: Highbury Tales
By: Alexander Sunshine, Dec. 2011
Episode 9: This is Only the Beginning

-----------------
Author's note: I finally came back to writing this story after setting it aside for a few years.  Reading it over, it is better than I remember, and unintentionally hilarious at many points.  I think I shall finish this storyline...
-----------------

On this Friday morning, the sky was cloudy such that at intervals the sun would shine brightly for a few minutes, but then it would be overtaken by the clouds.  This was usually as sunny as it ever was in Highbury.  The downtown city-streets were bustling with ordinary folks going about their ordinary day: stately men in business suits and dark-brimmed hats buying newspapers at the street-corners, mischievous children cutting school and rushing off to their next adventure, cart-wheels and horse-hooves sounding on the cobble-stones as taxis and transports drove down the street.

On watching the crowd this morning, one would observe that there was a man pushing a cart who stood out since he was very tall.  Observing him more closely one would notice that as he walked along, pushing the cart, he spoke to the young, contrastingly-petite, Vindhyan woman by his side.  A stranger to them would not notice that the bespectacled and scholarly-looking young man nearby was accompanying them.  A stranger would not know that they were returning to the house where they all happened to reside, after having purchased the contents of the cart (machine-parts) from the nearby engineering college.

"Why didn't we just hire a taxi to help us move this equipment?"  Brian asked, frowning.  He glanced at Bill resentfully, in spite of himself.  He was clearly unhappy that Alice had insisted that Bill help them transport the equipment home.

"Why do you complain?" the Vindhyan woman asked.  "It's not more than one and a half miles away, besides it's such a pleasant morning for a walk.  The sun is shining..."

"So, what are you going to do with all of these gizmos?"  Bill asked.

Alice smiled and thought a moment, thinking of what level of detail she should explain to a lay-person.  "I'm going to try to build a machine, I found a manuscript that gives directions as to how to build it."

"Oh yeah?  What is the machine supposed to do?"

"I'm not sure, to be honest."  She looked very pensive, and continued on as if talking to herself:  "The diagrams call for degraded semiconductors, so I think it is safe to assume that the machine exploits magnetic induction for some electrogenic application... but since the capacitance potential is connected to a double-open circuit, the calculations necessary to determine the gradient of the electro-static discharge are very complicated.  And so, it has been impossible for me to ultimately understand what it does."

Bill silently turned to Alice and squinted at her, and she thought she might wither under his intense gaze.  She felt as if it was the first time he had really looked at her.

"How old are you, anyway?" he said.  "You look as if you are 16 years old, but you must be older than that, and obviously you're already more learned than I ever will."

Alice laughed.  "If you added a decade to that figure sixteen you would be much closer to my actual age."  She didn't say anything for a few minutes.  As the three of them continued to walk down the side-walk, she considered how little she knew about Bill.  As curious as she was, she had been disinclined to ask him about himself since he seemed to prefer to keep to himself, and probably had some things to hide (for example, that he was a drug-dealer).  But in discussing her age, Alice felt that their conversation had opened a door, or a window at least, into the realm of the personal, and so she was emboldened to finally ask him about himself:  "So how do you know Rupbert anyway?" she said to him.  "He does not seem like one to visit the pubs, and you- I would think you would be a stranger to the salons.  I mean, you two seem like you would not cross paths, or have much in common."  Alice avoided stating it directly, e.g. 'He's rich and you're poor.  Rich people and poor people usually aren't friends with each other.'

"Oh, me and Rupbert... we go way back."  Bill turned to look at her while he spoke, but then faced ahead again as he almost ran the cart into a middle-aged lady walking by in the other direction.  "We met in Vindhya.  Over there I worked piloting a boat on the Punjabi River.  I helped business-blokes like him and their associates travel from place to place.  In many areas there are no roads built, and often they get destroyed by the typhoons anyway, and so the river is the most reliable method of travel."

She found his answer intriguing, and it served to bring so many more questions to her mind. "Wow, such a romantic job!" she said.  "But you are from the west originally, right?  How did you end up working all the way over there?"

Bill smiled.  "Yeah, I grew up right here in Highbury, actually.  I just saw an advertisement on a notice-board in a pub that the company was looking for laborers that can speak English to go work in Vindhya.  I figured a change of scenery would suit me, and so I applied."

Just then, Alice saw something out of the corner of her eye, she was startled by it before she consciously realized why it was so startling.  It was a shadow, but not just a shadow.  She saw it crouching down on a second-story porch, and the air around it shimmered like a mirage but also had a strange sparkle to it.  It was shaped like a man, but it was hard to determine much about it since she saw it only very briefly.  Then she remembered that morning, the first morning she had woken up in the Greenleaf mansion.  She had been there by herself when she had noticed a similarly bizarre shadow outside, seemingly spying on the house.

Brian, who had been brooding silently at her side, observed the sudden change in her countenance.  "Alice, is something wrong?" he asked.

She did not want to discuss the matter around Bill, so she said: "Oh, it's nothing.  I just thought I forgot something for a moment."

Bill stopped pushing the cart all of a sudden.  His companions stopped and looked at him questioningly and he asked: "Why are we going this way?  It is a shorter path to cut across the square through this alley-way right here."

"I usually don't try to navigate the alley-ways, too often they have dead ends."  Alice replied.  "But if you know the way let's go right ahead."

The alleyway was quite narrow and poorly-paved.  As Bill continued to push the cart, its wheels kept getting stuck in the rocks and cracks on the ground.  Each time this happened, with a low grunt Bill shoved the cart hard to dislodge it.

"Be careful, you might damage the equipment!"  Brian nagged.

"Nothing's getting damaged."  Bill spat.  "If you have a better way to get the cart un-stuck, I'm more ears than a basset hound."

"Can we just get home without you two getting into a fight?"  Alice pleaded.

Just then the sky dimmed, the sun having been overtaken by the heavy cumulus clouds once again.  Just then they all noticed that three shadowy figures accosted them and stopped motionless some eight feet away.  Alice, Brian, and Bill stared at them attentively.

"Give up what's in the cart."  A voice said.  It was impossible to determine which figure had said that, for none of the inky-black figures had a face, but the voice was otherwise a very normal man's voice.

"I am not afraid of you."  Brian said resolutely.  "You can't make us do anything."

"You're teasing the wrong dog..." Bill said, pulling a large pocket knife out of his pocket. "This one bites."  He held up the knife and with a loud click it swung open unleashing its shining, jagged blade.

The three figures stood silently for a moment.  Alice feared what they would do next, but they faded away, shrinking to black points at waist-level before disappearing completely.

After a stunned silence, Alice said: "What just happened?"

"They're gone!"  Brian answered, he drew close to comfort her, and probably to comfort himself too.

"The cowardly thieves escaped!" Bill muttered.

"You were so brave, Brian."  she said, actually rather surprised.

"There was nothing to be afraid of," he said soberly.

"Nothing to be afraid of?" she started.  "Are you kidding?  Those men were rather strange, you must admit... and how about being afraid of being slaughtered in an alleyway!"

"I know what those men are," Brian said didactically.  "I have read about them.  They are only sentinels.  You see there are beings in the higher dimension, the fourth dimension, while we are in the third.  Since they are in the fourth dimension they cannot physically harm us, and can only appear as sentinels, those black silhouettes."

"What?"  Bill said, shaking his head.  "You must be joking..."

Brian shot him a look and then turned back to Alice.  "Besides since we are not organic portals, but fully souled individuals with free-will, we cannot be killed or die accidently, we cannot die unless and until we choose to."

Bill scoffed.  "I wish I could believe such a fairy-tale!  No wonder you look so smug all the time..."

Brian finally gave in to the urge to confront him: "You saw those men yourself, but still you don't believe there is something beyond your close-minded materialism?  They were not human, they were almost-amorphous black shadows!  They had no faces, didn't you happen notice?"

In an unusual show of insecurity, Bill stammered and blinked quickly a few times.  "They had faces..."

"What did they look like then?"

"They were just regular-looking blokes, I did not get a good look at them."

"Did you happen to notice that they vanished into thin air?"

"They just ran away, they didn't 'vanish into thin air'!"

Brian turned away from Bill and said: "Alice... didn't you see what I saw, and not what he saw?"

She sighed.  "I'm not picking a side, let's just be glad they are gone and go home."

"See?" said Bill.  "You are delusional!  Those were just a couple of ordinary muggers dressed in all black.  There is no need for this fourth-dimension nonsense."

**************************

After they arrived home, Alice went upstairs and heard Rupbert rummaging about in the bedroom.  She went inside and was suprised to see he was packing some folded-up clothing into a suitcase.

"Ruby, hello...."  She went to his side and warmly took his hand in hers.  "What are you doing?"

"Hello Alice, I did not see you go out this morning.  I know this is sudden, but I am leaving today, I am taking a business trip to Rwambia."

"Rwambia?  That is so far away.  How long will you be gone?"

"It will take me at least a week to get there.  I plan to stay there for two months."

"Two months!  Why do you have to stay there for so long?"

"I have to oversee operations of the textile mills there, it is critical that nothing goes wrong at this early stage.  I'm sorry Alice, I will miss you.  But just think of how delighted we'll be when we are reunited."

"You cannot go!  Something very frightening happened on the way back from university with the machine-parts.  These three strange... men tried to attack us!"

"What?  Did anyone get hurt?"

"Everyone is all-right.  Bill and Brian stood up to them and they ran away.  The problem is, I don't think these were ordinary muggers.  Somehow I get the impression they are related to the secret society."

On the mention of the secret society Rupbert's jaw dropped and he nervously folded his arms close to his chest.  "What gives you that impression?"

"Well, I never told you about it, but one day... when I first started living here, when I was home alone, I saw a strange man on the property spying on the house."

"What?  Why didn't you tell me about this before?"

"I only saw it - him briefly, and I didn't know what to think... I did not want to trouble you when it could have been nothing."

"The men you say you saw spying on the house, and who accosted you earlier this morning, what were they like?  What makes you think they are related?"

"Oh... umm, I don't know..." she hesitated.  She was hesitant to say explain that they appeared to be pure-black shadows which dematerialized into thin air!  "It was the way they were dressed... they wore all-black.  The man I saw that other day might have been one of the same men I saw today."

"It could have been just a coincidence.  A thief or murderer hiding in the shadows would want to wear all-black."

"I am still frightened of the secret society, I would feel so unsafe without you around.  I fear that this is only the beginning.  The secret society has not forgotten about us.  I understand that this business trip is important, but perhaps you can find a way to avoid it, perhaps someone else can go in your place?"

"No, I definitely must go myself.  If I do not go and meet my Rwambian associates face-to-face, they will not trust me, it would disempower me.  That's just the way it is in the business-world."  He put his arms around her to console her.  "Everything is going to be all-right.  Here is an envelope with plenty of money so that you can purchase anything you need while I'm gone."

Afterwards, the two of them went downstairs and Rupbert informed both Bill and Brian of his travel plans.  Bill seemed nonchalant about his friend leaving, but bid him a hearty farewell.  Brian, on the other hand, seemed quite disappointed.  Alice could see the fear in his eyes as he heard the news, she figured that he was concerned about how Bill would behave without Rupbert's authority to temper the antagonism between them.

****************************

Later that day, after Rupbert had left, Alice found herself wandering into the bathroom.  She considered how with Rupbert gone, and the book-store closed, she had nothing to do except work on building the Alset machine.  She looked in the mirror over the sink and washed her hands and face.  She considered that perhaps she could reorganize some things throughout the house.  She opened the cabinet by the mirror and found several unlabelled bottles.  She opened a large, dark and opaque bottle and sniffed at its contents, and determined it must be anti-septic iodine.  As she closed the bottle, she almost dropped it, such that some of the brown liquid spilled onto the floor.  Alice sighed and rushed to get a hand towel from the towel-rack.  She got down on her hands and knees and tried to wipe up the mess before it spread.  She heard someone moving outside the bathroom, but she continued to wipe the floor.  Suddenly she felt someone grab her plaited hair.

"Ah!" she cried out.  "Stop it!"  Someone pulled her hair up rather painfully, she scrambled at the edge of the sink to lift herself up and then she clawed at the hand on her head.

"Hey kitten, don't scratch me just because I got you by the tail..." That someone spoke in a low murmur as he pressed himself against her back-side.

"Bill..." she said, forgetting the awkwardness of her position; the sound of his voice lit a fire inside of her.

"I must admit," he continued, "when I asked you if Rupee just poked you in the cheeks while you were bent over cleaning the floor, I was just warning you about what I wanted to do to you."

Alice wanted to turn around and kiss him, embrace him, but he forcefully pushed her head down with one hand, and her skirt up with the other.  He fumbled as he hastily pulled down her under-wear, and procured his own equipment.  Alice waited breathlessly for him to put the latter to work, but meanwhile listened as he hastily reached for the bar of the soap on the sink and turned on the faucet for a moment while he got some lather on his hands.

He roughly massaged her ass-crack with his slick, wet hands and then plunged his middle finger inside of her, and worked it in and out, the gentle wet sounds almost drowned out by her raspy breathing.  "Do you like that?  Does that feel good?"  he asked.

"Ohhh... yeah..."

"Want me to fuck your ass?"

"Yeah..."

"What do you want?"

"Fuck with me with your dick... in my ass..."

Finally, he put his hard and ready cock inside of her.  He cupped her breasts as he slowly thrusted in and out.  Alice grasped at the edge of the bathroom-sink, tense and overcome with pleasure, "Ughhh!" she moaned.

Meanwhile, Brian had been downstairs reading a newspaper.  Something in the newspaper was interesting he and so he cut it out with a pair of scissors and looked for Alice so that he could show it to her.  He went upstairs, thinking that Alice could perhaps be reading on her bed.  After he went up the stairs, he must have thought it sounded like Alice was getting hurt, for he rushed in there and said, "Are you all-right Alice?", barely finishing his sentence.  

For a moment he stared at them flabbergasted as he beheld Alice, with her skirt lifted up to her waist and her white panties pulled down.  She sat up and had an apologetic expression on her face, and so he instantly realized it was not a situation for him to gallop in and try to save the day... again.

"Hey Brian, wanna join the party?"  Bill affected, gesturing at him with one and hand and still holding his penis with the other.

Brian scoffed at his words, and he shook his head as he rushed away.

Alice sat up straighter and turned to look at Bill.  "Did you *want* him to see us?"

"I couldn't care less." he said immediately, and shrugged, but the smirk on his face told a different tale.  "Don't let bible-boy spoil our fun now..."  He took her arm, drawing her close, and made a hot trail of kisses from her lips down her neck...

***************************

Brian had immediately left the house and wondered what he should do.  He went behind the house to the pond and sat down on one of the benches there where Alice had told him all about her past.  That day was not so long ago but how much things had changed...  But he did not think very much just then about what he had just witnessed.  That is how denial works: he simply thought, *I'm not really surprised that Alice is fucking Bill.  And I don't mind it at all.  It doesn't mean anything, no point in ruminating about it.  I should focus on how I can improve the relationship between myself and Alice.  All we ever do is study magic together, I am such a bore!  She had so much fun with Bill at the pub, the two of us should try to find a place to socialize and have fun... try to find a group of like-minded peers to help us develop spiritually and magically.  I'll show her that newspaper clipping I cut out, the ad in the classifieds... it said:  'Meeting Wednesdays of the Highbury Mirthful Mystics Group / Come join us / To share and learn of the divine spirit, mysteries, magic, laughter, friendship'.  Alice would be interested in that!*

After much ruminating and denial, Brian eventually worked up the courage to come back into the house.  When he walked through the back-door, which led to the kitchen, he saw Alice there.

She seemed to be waiting for him.  "Brian... are you all-right?" she asked gently, her hands folded contritely near her heart.

"Yes, of course I'm all right.  Why wouldn't I be?"

She stammered, confused for a moment.  He genuinely appeared to be not-upset-at-all, and unaware of what she was talking about.

"I was going to look for you," he said.  "I want to talk to you.  I was thinking about our studies in magic, perhaps we can find a magical club to join."

"That's what you want to talk about?"  She furrowed her brows.  "Are there such groups here in Highbury?  Besides the secret society of course..."

"Yes, there are.  Look here, I found this advertisement in the classified section of the Highbury City Press."  He handed her the folded up clipping that he had put into his pocket.

She took the clipping.  "Mirthful Mystics..." she read.  "That does sound interesting, but I'm not certain they would be a group we could fit into.  Often times groups like these are very close-knit and dogmatic."

"Maybe you are right, but perhaps we would fit in.  If we went to a meeting we could see for ourselves and find out!"

"We can go, I suppose,"  she said slowly.  But then suddenly, she blurted out: "Brian, it's obvious that we cannot pretend you did not see what you saw earlier."

Finally, the wall of denial crumbled down.  He turned around, wiped his forehead and struggled to find words for his heart-wrenching frustration and jealousy.  "Alice... why are you like this?"  His voice emerged high, strained, quiet -mostly.  "Why do you feel impelled to give yourself up to every man?  You know you don't have to, right?  And for Bill... the philistine scoundrel!"

"I'm not giving anything up!"  She scoffed, offended at his attitude now.

"Is it because of what happened to you, what you witnessed when you spent those years in the sanitarium?"

Alice laughed.  "Brian... Those things I told you about, out back by the pond... they didn't actually happen." she said condescendingly.  "Wasn't it obvious it was made up?  Especially, the sex-parts of it anyway.  I just made it all up to see to see your reaction.  You don't understand me...  You think I am just compensating for some personal or emotional deficiency if I have sex with a man.  It doesn't even occur to you that perhaps I am just doing what I want to do, perhaps I am just enjoying myself.  Obviously, you don't know me as well as you think you do."

He was dumbfounded, and stood with his jaw hanging.  He thought that Alice had opened herself up to him during their conversation out back by the pond, and was crestfallen to learn that much of what she had said was a lie.  He put his hands in his pockets and looked at the floor for a moment.  "You are right Alice, I really don't know you as well as I thought I did, I really don't understand..." he said slowly and solemnly.

"I'm sorry Brian..."

"Well, here, keep the newspaper clipping."  He slapped it down onto the table, with a forcefulness that contrasted with the painstakingly-measured tone of his voice.  "Tell me later if you are interested in attending a meeting with me.  I'll go this Wednesday, with or without you."  he said, lying.

***************************

After going to bed, Alice found herself on the balcony of a castle.  She looked outside and the sky was sunless and moonless, but still the sky was lit by twilight, a gentle, bright pink at the horizon that blended into the deep purple above.  Beyond the deep purple of the sky, twinkling white stars hung fixed in the sky like studded jewels.  Down below a verdant forest stretched out all the way to the horizon.

On the left side of the sky as she could see it, a vibrant rainbow with all of the colors arched across the sky, with all of the colors, not just red, orange, yellow, green, blue, indigo, and violet, but there were also other colors, indescribable for she had never seen them outside of the dream.  "It's so beautiful!" she said out-loud.  "I never want to leave here.  Why would I ever leave here?"

She turned around and saw that inside was a wide bedroom.  There was a strange lit fireplace with tall pink and green flames.  The room was exquisitely designed, like nothing she had ever seen on earth, the floor had a deep-red carpet with intricate gold embroidery.  The walls were like marble, but the stone was a light-bluish colour, and had inlaid panels of green wood and gem-stones of amethyst, sapphire, and emeralds.

On the bed lay Brian, but he looked different.  Older.  His hair was long, almost reaching his shoulders and he did not wear glasses.  He looked stronger, more athletically built.  Or perhaps it was actually a younger Rupbert.  He lay on the bed so placid and relaxed, still and silent, staring at the ceiling in reverie, she did not even notice him for a moment.

"Are you Brian or Rupbert?" she asked.

His perfect white smile overtook his face as he turned his attention towards her.  "Which one do you want me to be?"

"I'm serious."

He sat up.  "Why are you bringing up our days in Kingsland?"  He stared off at the wall again.  "Ah, Shaya... It was scary, but it was exciting, wasn't it?"

Her eyes narrowed.  She was puzzled, but could not decide what to ask.  "My name is 'Shaya'?  Of course, my name is Shaya!"  She felt so sad all of a sudden, she felt like crying.  Despite how strange he was, despite the beautiful scenery, this Rupbert/Brian character was the most familiar and comforting presence there.  She rushed to the bed and put her arms around him.  She buried her face into his warm, bare chest.  "I don't understand what's going on!"

"It's okay, you are just having a little episode." said another male voice.  Startled, she turned her head and saw it was actually Bill, who had just silently come in through the door.  She almost did not recognize him, but then he took out a cigarette.  He actually looked quite similar, except gone were the lines of age and weather from his visage.  But he had long, greying hair in a ponytail.

As Alice pulled away from Brian/Rupbert, her attention was drawn to her own bare arms.  "My skin is blue!  How did I not notice this before!"  She felt as if her skin was covered in paint, so strange was this blue color.  She looked at her clothes for the first time.  She wore only a light, sheer, silver-coloured gown, and noticed the fabric was similar to the light pajamas the other two wore.

"Perhaps you should lie down...  Relax."  said Brian/Rupbert.

"Where am I?" she said, reclining onto a pillow.

"Every is going to be okay.  You are home, and safe.  All that Kingsland stuff is over."  Bill said soothingly, as he stroked her hair.

"So, am I seeing the future?"

Brian/Rupbert and Bill looked at each other questioningly, then Bill spoke: "Maybe she is."  He shrugged.

She sat up, she did not want to relax.  "If I am... this is important.  I should ask something... It is so good here... almost too good to be true.  How do I create this future?  Or is that too general a question...  Why do we look so different?"

Brian smiled, relishing the opportunity to tell her the good news: "It's a long story, but basically, here in the future humanity suffers no more from disease, or aging.  There is no more war, poverty, nor oppression."

"What?  That sounds ridiculous.  How can that happen, and within my lifetime?"  She shook her head.  "Nevermind- all right, you said it was a long story.  But why is my skin blue?"

Brian shrugged.  "I don't know, you're the one who chose that color."

Alice/Shaya examined the back of her hand, and then shook her head again.  "This is a dream.  But it's so nice, do I have to wake up and go back?"

Future-Bill put a reassuring hand on her shoulder.  "Relax, kitten.  This is the future you will inhabit soon enough.  The future is not set though, from your point of view.  But if the past-you is seeing this future than you must be on track."

She turned to him and gazed into his crystal-blue eyes.  She was so glad to see him this way.  He looked so much happier and healthier than he did in her present.  "So, in the future, you still call me 'kitten'?  I'm a grown woman, why do you always call me 'kitten'?

"Because..." Bill began, smiling.  "You're so small and quiet and every time I look at you I want grab you and pet you."

She put her arms around him and squeezed him tightly, her heart singing.  He looked so different yet he still had his familiar personality and charm.

She pulled away so she could look into his eyes again for a moment and then drew him close again for a kiss.  She kissed him deeply, with all the passion overflowing her heart.  She gently ran her lips down his chin and nibbled at his throat.

She looked to Brian/Rupert who had been observing them nonchalantly.  In the future, he and Bill must get along much better, if that is actually Brian, she mused.  When she turned to him he took it as his cue to join in.  He ran his hands along her lithe, blue body and kissed her lips and then her ear, as she turned to kiss Bill again.  He started lifting up the hem of her gown to remove it, she sat up, and then both men pulled it off together.

She reclined backwards onto the bed and pulled Brian down with her.  As she probed his mouth with her tongue, she reached down and contacted his burgeoning erection.  He quickly pulled off his own clothes and then went back to kissing her.  As she caressed his now-exposed shaft he squeezed and kneaded her smooth breasts.

Soon she felt Bill's hands caressing her thighs, and then his warm breath.  She moaned gently as she finally felt the hot wetness of his tongue exploring her own hot wetness below.

Brian/Rupbert pulled away and positioned himself behind her head.  But then he leaned forward and guided his stiff penis into her willing mouth.  As she hungrily worked it into and out of her mouth, his hands returned to her bouncing boobs.  He gently teased her nipples, giving them a gentle twist or pull at intervals.  He loved the way she would cry out "ohm!" suddenly as he did so, her vocalizing muffled by his thrusting manhood.

But soon she was moaning continuously as Bill began to work his tongue as fast as he could at the most sensitive part of her clitoris.  He stopped, and she felt him insert a finger inside of her and thrust it for only a few strokes, as if only testing it.

She sat up to reposition herself.  She put the pillows nearby into a pile and then bent over it, lifting her hips up high.  She could not see who was doing it, but she felt Bill's fingers as he transferred the lubrication from one hole to the other.  She gasped as she felt his fullness relentlessly penetrate her backside.  Before she could barely accustom herself to the sensation, she felt Brian's penis sliding into her pussy-hole.  She grasped at the bed-sheets and cried "Ahh!" as they both thrust inside of her, in and out, each at a separate rhythm.

Bill moaned and convulsed as he spent his seed inside of her.  As Brian continued to fuck her, he went back to using his tongue.  The sensation of Bill's tongue, and Brian's cock, and their hands all over her was too much, and soon she was climaxing along with the latter.  

As Rupbert/Brian gave his last thrusts, the door of the bedroom opened and a familiar man walked in.  He was extremely tall, and was dressed as a butler.  He even held a tray in his hands.  There was something familiar about his dark, thick eyebrows.  He spoke:  "Pardon me for interrupting, I thought you might want some tea."

Alice/Shaya sat up and smoothed down her tousled hair.  "I recognize you... but from where?  Oh!  Dr. Pacey Lee.  You are here too?"

He smiled warmly and began speaking, but somehow it all came out in unintelligible mumbling....

***********************

When Alice woke up she felt tired, her thoughts were hazy.  She was surprised to find that Brian was right there next to her.  She marveled at how vivid the dream had been as he ranted on about something.  She thought: *Have sex with both Brian and Bill on the same bed, at the same time?  That would never happen in real life...*

"You cried out, 'My name is Shaya!'"  he said.

"Oh," Alice said, scratching her head.  "Well people did call me that, back in Vindhya." she said sleepily.  

"What is your real name?  It makes sense something like 'Alice' would not be your name."

"My name is Akshaya Maharajapuram."

"What a pretty name."

"Oh... Thanks."  She yawned.

"I would not have come into your bedroom like this," he whispered.  "But I also heard a noise outside... Maybe it is nothing, but I think a saw an intruder lurking."

Alice grew more alert at those words.  "Let's go wake up Bill too."

"He's not even here."  Brian frowned.  For the first time he wished Bill was in the house.

The two of them snuck out into the backyard.  There they saw several shadowy yet sparkling sentinels, they barely got a glimpse of them as they faded into the fog, and soon their attention was turned towards a regular man.  He was wearing a long hooded coat.  Even though they could not see his face in the darkness, underneath the hood, it was clear that he was startled to see them.  He ran off, but only after smashing a bottle against the house.  They ignored the man, as they saw that the wall immediately caught on fire.  As the man disappeared into the woods behind the house, Brian and Alice both noticed there were a few empty flower-pots nearby.  They were partly filled with water due to the recent rainstorm.  They rushed, ran, and both threw a pot-full of water at the flames, but only one would have been necessary.

The two of them stood silently, catching their breath, and looked at each other.  "We are so lucky that these pots of water are here.  They just tried to set fire to the house!" said Brian.  

Alice turned towards the woods, towards the direction where the strange man had disappeared.  "I have a very bad feeling about this.  I fear that this is only the beginning."

5849
