Being Watched
by yourbarbiegirl

You watch me play with myself.

I came home from a long day of work and I was exhausted and frustrated. I knew I just wanted to relax and unwind. I went straight to my bedroom and I didn't even notice the blinds were slightly open. There was another apartment building right across and you, the guy who lived in that apartment, were rarely ever home so I never thought twice about the blinds. Anyway, I immediately started stripping down. First went my leggings. Revealing my purple thong to you. Along with my creamy, thick thighs. Next, I took off my shirt. Revealing my leopard print pushup bra, making my 36C perky plump breasts look like they were 36D. You couldn't stop staring at them. They were so firm and plump you just wanted to reach out and grab them. I was in my bra and panties as you watched me walk around my little bedroom. I immediately got on my full size bed that had a deep red comforter and lied down on my stomach. You were staring at my ass so intensely. You wanted to smack my tight, big for my body ass so hard it would be red hot. I started getting out my phone and reading stories that were arousing me. I stuck my hand in my bra and tugged one of my nipples. I started getting so into it I took my bra off and exposed my pointed nipples to you. Your cock got hard. You wanted me. I started playing aggressively with my nipples and moaning, you couldn't hear me but you saw me mouth, "Oh God." I then got up and took my panties off. Exposing my shaved pussy to your peering eyes. You knew I was young. Couldn't be older than 21. You got excited by the idea, being at least two decades older.

My naked young body was completely exposed to you. You just couldn't stop looking. You saw me leave my bedroom for a couple minutes and come back with a wooden kitchen chair. I positioned the chair sideways, you had a perfect view. I went to my closet and pulled out a dildo. I attached it to the chair and put on some music. I straddled the chair and you watched as I put the thick, long dildo inside my wet pussy. You watched as I started playing with my pointed, light brown, pink nipples. You observed as I moved my hips in a circular motion and rubbed my nipples in unison. Pinching, rubbing, pulling, twisting, my nipples, it seemed like my fingers had a mind of their own. Then I started to manhandle myself. Pushing and pulling my boobs together and apart. My hips started moving up and down on the dildo now. My head was tilted back, my boobs were high in the air, my back had the perfect arch, and my mouth was moaning, "Oh fuck me." You thought to yourself, "Oh God I want to."

You started jacking off to me playing with myself. Your hand was moving vigorously as you watched me moaning. You wanted to come to my apartment and just fuck me right then and there. Then you saw my hands go from my perky breasts to the sides of the chair as I rode that dildo harder and faster. Up and down, down and up, you watched my body writhing with pleasure. Moaning, grabbing my hair, and then finally getting all the way up and then shoving the whole dildo inside me. I orgasmed. And you came while you watched me. My legs shook, I screamed slightly, and I looked a little dizzy.

After that day, you always checked the window. But most of the time I was clothed or wearing lingerie. You wanted to see me play with myself again, naked. And you got your wish, a rainy summer day.

You were in your room watching tv and you noticed something in the corner of your eye. So you got up and went to the window. You smirked. I was stripping again. This time I got completely naked right away and lied down on my bed. My legs were spread wide open and you had the absolute perfect view of my pussy. You started to think maybe I knew you were watching and was putting on a show. But I didn't know you were watching. Not yet anyway.

You watched me bring out the dildo and just shove it deep inside me. I was shoving it in and out with force. You imagined fucking me like that.

You kept catching me play with myself. And you kept watching. Till the day I caught you.

I had just gotten naked and started rubbing my body with lotion on my bed when I looked up and saw you. You saw my mouth open and you watched my naked, young, 5'3", 110 pound body and my 36C boobs bouncing as I ran over to the window to shut the blinds. You sighed in disappointment, knowing that was the last time you'd watch me. But you couldn't stop thinking about me.

You kept checking the windows every now and then, hoping I forgot. But I didn't. Except for one day you thought I did.

The blinds were open and my naked body was exposed to you yet again. You couldn't believe it, you were thrilled. You watched as I got on my bed and put the dildo inside me. But then I got up suddenly and went to the blinds. We made eye contact and you watched as I smirked. I stopped closing the blinds and brought the chair to right in front of the window. I put the dildo on it and started riding it, facing you. I got so turned on by the idea of someone watching me that I wanted to let you watch me this time.

I made myself orgasm, and then I winked and closed the blinds. I saw your hard cock in your hands. I wondered what you'd feel like inside me, as you wondered what it'd feel like to be inside me.

I kept teasing you for weeks, till you were finally fed up with being teased and unable to do anything to me.

You were watching me one day playing with myself with a vibrator this time, and I could see you jacking off. But then, I closed my eyes and when I opened them again you were gone. I kept playing though. I was feeling good. Then I heard a knock at my apartment door. It was an aggressive pounding, I got scared. I grabbed the first piece of clothing I could find, my silky red robe from Victoria's Secret. I rushed to the door, not bothering to tie my robe, and I saw you standing there. My body was partially exposed to you. You could see most of my boobs and my shaved pussy. You looked me up and down. And then you finally said, "You've been teasing me for too long. I want the real thing now."

I looked scared. And you stepped into my apartment.

"You know I've been watching you, so just let me fuck you. Or I know you have a boyfriend, call him over here and let him watch. I'm sure someone like you wants that."

I nodded sheepishly as you got closer to my body. Your fingers gently moved my robe, completely exposing my nipples for you to flick. You removed my robe and pressed your body against mine. I could feel your hard cock through your jeans. And I started to get wet. You told me to call my boyfriend, so I did. He was completely fine with the idea of watching me getting fucked. He even sounded excited. After I hung up the phone, you said we should wait till he got there. But you put your fingers in my pussy to see how wet I was. You smirked. I was dripping wet.

He came over quickly. And I let you fuck me as he watched.

He sat on a chair in the bedroom and then you stripped down. You threw me down on the bed and pulled my blonde hair saying, "You're going to just take this like I know you can."

You got behind me and shoved your hard, throbbing cock inside me. You started smacking my tight ass making it red. And you fucked me hard. You completely used my body for your pleasure. In and out, out and in, harder and harder, faster and faster. I was on the verge of tears but you were enjoying my young small body so much you didn't even care. You liked feeling my tight wet pussy around your cock. I was so tight you already wanted to cum inside me. And you did. lt felt like you were pumping so much cum inside me my body couldn't take it all, but I just moaned. Then you shoved your dick so hard and so deep inside me, I immediately orgasmed. I let out a scream and you grabbed my blonde hair and said, "Yes baby let yourself feel good." My whole body felt like it was shaking. I couldn't believe what just happened. I looked over at my boyfriend to see that he had just been jacking off and recording the whole thing.

Then you left, and that night you watched my window and saw my boyfriend fuck me until the sun came up.

You want more, don't you? Just keep checking my window.
