Alexa Bliss had been on a winning streak lately. She was getting a push to the top and her momentum was great. Her Firefly Funhouse gimmick was working really well for her and fans loved it.
After a successful win over Becky Lynch on Smackdown, Alexa was now the number one contender for the title against Charlotte Flair. Alexa was overjoyed to be in the title picture again.
After the show was over, all the superstars headed to the hotel where they were suppose to stay the night, it was all a move to have everyone ready for the upcoming ppv.
Alexa was a bit late to the hotel, most of the superstars had reached earlier and settled in. Alexa made her way through the lobby and checked in, as she started waking to the lift, she noticed a lot of eyes on her.
It wasn't unusual for people to be staring, but since she was still in her gear, a tight pink t-shirt that was one size too small for her, purple overalls that were clearly shorter than they were meant to be and pig tails to give her a very childish look. All this and the fact that she was short with a tight body, made her impossible not to look at.
Alexa did her usual thing where she just ignored everyone and went straight for her room. As she entered, she flung her bag to the side and threw herself on the bed. She was clearly exhausted and needed some rest.
A few minutes later, Alexa hears a knock on the door.
"Great, just when I was getting some rest." Alexa says and she pulls herself off the bed and opens her door.
"Hey Lexi!!" A cute yet demeaning voice came from the tall blonde woman standing at the door. It was Charlotte Flair, the Queen. The woman who always got what she wanted due to her name. "Hey Charlotte......??" A confused Alexa said.
"Can I come in?" Charlotte blurted out as she walked in. She was clearly annoyed yet she seemed to be holding her own. "Yea...... Sure" Alexa said as she rolled her eyes as the taller woman just walked past her. "So what's up? Did you want to talk about our upcoming match at the ppv? Or something?" Alexa said as she closed the door.
"Sit Lexi" Charlotte said as she tapped the side of the bed.
As Alexa sat on the edge of the bed, the taller woman stood in front of her clutching her purse in her hand. She was wearing a jumpsuit that was perfectly made for her body. It showed her marvelous curves and muscular figure. It was tight and hugged her body, it was definitely an eye catcher.
"First of Lexi, Why are you still in your gear?" Charlotte laughed
Alexa had an irritated look on her face, "Look I just got back a few minutes ago alright. Gosh I really need to change, do you know the looks I get."
"Well you dress like a child, and wearing a top a few sizes too small isn't helping either" Charlotte mocked her.
"Really?" Alexa asked, clearly annoyed and embarrassed.
"So what's with the push Lexi? I really thought Becks was going to be fighting me. Who's ass did you have to kiss?" Charlotte said with a laugh.
"Maybe I'm just super talented" Alexa says with an innocent smile and giggles.
"Oh Lexi, I actually meant, Who's cock did you suck for this push?" Charlotte pouts and smirks.
"What??? Excuse me??" Alexa says in shock, confused to what Charlotte just said. "I'm just kidding Lexi!!" Charlotte says as she grabs Alexa's face gently and pinches her cheek.
"Oh btw, there was this move I wanted to try out for our match. Do you mind? Just lay on your stomach" Charlotte blurts out as she starts nudging Alexa to turn over.
"Wait? Noww???? Really???" Alexa looked annoyed.
"YES NOW!!!" Charlotte blurted out as she pushed Alexa on her side, tilting her to her stomach.
"Ok geez!! Fine!!!" Alexa sighed as she turned on her stomach and laid flat on the bed. Charlotte smirked as she opened her purse and pulled out a pair of pink fluffy handcuffs. She grabbed Alexa's wrist and swiftly cuffed them behind her back.
"WTF!!! Charlotte!!!" Alexa screamed out in confusion, she was trapped, locked and unable to break free
"What? I thought we could play a little." Charlotte laughed as she watched the petite girl struggle in front of her.
"Charlotte!!! Uncuff me right now!!" Alexa demanded as she tried to wiggle her way out.
Charlotte just laughed and flipped Alexa over and admired.
As Alexa laid down on her back, her hands were cuffed behind her, making her arch her back slightly.
Charlotte starts mocking Alexa and slaps her, "What happen Lexi? Don't you want to play?"
Charlotte unbuttons Alexa's overalls and pulls them off, staring at Alexa in her tiny pink t-shirt and her black shorts. As Alexa continues to squirm, Charlotte begins to grope her. "Damnn!!!! Lexi, these are pretty huge. Are they real?" Charlotte winks and licks her lips "Charlotte this is getting out of hand. LOOK!!! I'll talk to management and I will drop out of the match." Alexa said as she continued to freak out. "Oh!!! I have a better plan Lexi!!" Charlotte says as she gropes Alexa's breast and squeezes her nipples through her top. "Uhhhhhhh........Lexi? Are you wearing a bra? Cause I can certainly feel SOMETHING!!! and your nipples are getting pretty hard right now." Charlotte mocks.
"Charlotte enough!!! I'll give you whatever you want. Just...." Alexa was cut off. "LEXII!!! Do you know how many women in the locker room have commented on this tight little body? We have always talked about how tight you are. The only thing I want is to have a taste, thats it." Charlotte said with a sadistic grin
Alexa gulped as she heard those words. They was so intense and everything was happening so fast, she could hardly process anything.
Charlotte stopped playing with Alexa's breast and moved her hands down as she rubbed her tight waist and reached her black tights and slowly pulled them off.
"LEXII!!! You are wet??? You little slut!!!" Charlotte laughed as she rubbed the stain on Alexa's black thong.
"Honestly I never expected you to be a thong girl, good taste" Charlotte smirked as she continued to rub Alexa's pussy through her thong.
"Char!!! Wait.... That.... OMG!!!..... Charlotte!!!!" Alexa screamed out.
"Thats right say my name!!" Charlotte whispered as she went back to Alexa's top and groped her breast once again and massaged them together.
"These are incredible Lexi. I wanna remember this moment forever." With that Charlotte stood up and unlocked her phone and opened her camera app and hit record. "Charlotte!! What are you doing??" Alexa squirmed as she was afraid.
Charlotte panned to Alexa's wet thong as she rubbed it some more and panned upwards to Alexa's tight body and her breast. And finally got a shot of her face as Charlotte used her free hand to rub Alexa's pussy.
"Lexi!! Smile!!!" Charlotte said as she slid her fingers inside Alexa's thong and into her pussy.
"Mnnmnnmn!!!!!" Alexa bit her teeth together to stop herself from moaning. Her body was getting intense and she wanted to burst out moaning.
Charlotte gets back up and places the camera on the dressing table, in the perfect angle to capture everything.
"Now let's see what's under that tight little top." Charlotte smiles as she digs her nails in Alexa's pink T-shirt and rips it off completely.
"You naughty little slut!!! Braless huh!!!" Charlotte laughs in a cheeky way as she fondles Alexa's breast and squeezes her nipples.
"Charlotte please!!!!" Alexa screams out.
"What's wrong Lexi? You don't like this?" Charlotte says as she pulls down Alexa's thong. Charlotte gasps and just admires Alexa's tight body. "Wow Lexi!! I'm impressed. We were right, you certainly are one tight little bitch!!" Charlotte said in amazement as she rubbed Alexa's body all over, getting a feel of everything.
Alexa lay there completely naked with her hands cuffed behind her back, her body was hairless. Her breast were huge for someone her size but they weren't too big for her body. They were perky and perfect. Her waist was tight as ever, she had hard abs that gave her a cute petite look. And her ass was perfect, it was round and peachy. Many referred to her as "Biscuit Butt."
"Oh Lexi!!, we are going to have some fun now." Charlotte says as she pulls out a vibrator from her purse. "Charlotte Nooooo!! Don't do this!!!" Alexa begged.
Charlotte just smirked as the smaller woman begged her, and pushed the vibrator up Alexa's pussy and switched it on.
Alexa's body immediately jerked as she felt the vibrations run wild. She held her mouth shut, she couldn't let a moan escape.
"Lexi!! I want you to moan!!! Show me your true self!!! Let it out!!" Charlotte said as she turned up the speed a little more. Alexa held her lips together, she couldn't moan. If she broke now, it was over for her.
Alexa tried to fight it. "Charlotte!!! Please!!! You're going too far!!" Alexa begged as her nipples got harder and harder. Her body was on the verge of breaking. She closed her eyes and started biting down to maintain her composure.
"Okay Lexi!! I'm going out for a minute. Don't move!!!" Charlotte said in a stern voice as she took Alexa's key and stepped out.
"Ahhhh!!! Fuck Fuck Fuck Fuck!!!!!!!!" Alexa screamed out as the vibrations got more intense. She felt her pussy was on fire, it got so intense.
Alexa tried to get up, she knew Charlotte would be back soon but she couldn't move, she tried to lift herself up but the vibrator was turned up to max. Charlotte must have turned it all the way as she left the room. "Fucking hell!!!! Ahhh!!!! Ahh!!! Ahhhhh!!!! Fuck!!!" Alexa moaned. She was completely lost in her own fantasy and didn't know what was happening.
Alexa wanted to get out of this situation but her body couldn't move. She wanted to orgasm, in fact she needed to. Minutes passes as Alexa just let it happen.
"Ommmggggg!!!! Fuuuuckkkkkk Fuuccckkkkkk Ahhhhhhh!!!!!! Ahhhhh!!!!!!" Alexa moaned loudly as she started to experience an intense orgasm. Just then, Alexa heard the door slam.
Alexa was now really worried. "How long was Charlotte standing there, did she hear me moan?" Thoughts ran through Alexa's mind.
"Was that a moan? Is someone enjoying themselves" Charlotte laughed as she threw a duffle bag on the ground. "Please turn it off!!!" Alexa begged as her pussy was dripping. She had one of the best orgasms of her life.
Charlotte pulled the vibrator out of Alexa and just stood there and looked at her body for a minute.
Alexa was so exhausted, she didn't even notice what Charlotte was up to. She was trying to sit up.
Charlotte walked towards the bed and lifted Alexa up by her chin and made her sit on the bed.
"It's time I show you what a strong, dominant woman looks like." Charlotte said a she pulled her zipper down and began taking off her outfit.
Alexa just gulped as she witnessed Charlotte's naked body. Charlotte was naked under that suit and her body was amazing, her breast were huge and her ass was firm.
Charlotte jumps on the bed and sits behind Alexa. Charlotte knew exactly where the camera was and made sure Alexa was facing it.
Charlotte made Alexa kneel on the bed and spread her knees apart so the camera would capture her tight pussy. Charlotte slowly pumped two fingers inside Alexa as she licked her ear and cheek.
"Do you like that!! You little slut!!! Fuck!! It's so tight Lexi!!!" Charlotte whispered as she fingered Alexa with her right hand.
Charlotte took her left hand and grabbed Alexa's breast and massaged them. She smirked as she looked the camera dead on, she knew Alexa's expression would be perfectly caught on the camera.
Charlotte pinched Alexa's nipples and rubbed her own breast against Alexa's back.
"Fuck!! Charlotte!! I can't take this anymore!!" Alexa screamed. She was afraid to moan in front of Charlotte, she didn't want to give in.
"It's time Lexi for you to do something for me" Charlotte smiled as she got off the bed and unzipped her bag, she pulled out a bigger, six inch vibrator and it's remote and pushed the vibrator up Alexa's pussy.
"Charlotte!!!" Alexa squirmed as she bit down hard to control herself.
Charlotte grabbed Alexa and pushed her onto the floor and made her kneel down. Charlotte then sat on the edge of the bed and spread her legs apart. "Now Lexi!! Show me how much you love me" Charlotte said as she laughed as she turned the vibrator on its lowest setting for now.
"Never!!!" Alexa shouted and spat on Charlotte. Alexa's spit hit Charlottes breast and she just rubbed it in. "Lexi!! You are going to eat me and you are going to like it. Unless you want me to post a certain video of you?" Charlotte smirked as she noticed Alexa's expression change.
Charlotte grabbed a hold of Alexa's hair and pulled her closer to her pussy.
Alexa stuck out her tongue and licked Charlotte.
"Yess!!! Just like that!! Go on!!" Charlotte laughed.
Alexa was humiliated but something happened and she just went for it. She started licking Charlotte's pussy and sticking her tongue in it. "OOOOOMMMMMMGGGGG!!! Yesssssssssssss Lexiii!!!! Yesssssssssss!!!!!" Charlotte moaned as her grip on Alexa's head got tighter, she turned up the vibrator speed. Alexa was in such intense pleasure from the vibrator in her that she found herself lost, for a moment she forgot where she was and just continued to eat out Charlotte.
"Gosh Lexi!!! For your first time eating pussy, you're a natural" Charlotte moaned out as she let go of Alexa's head and fell backwards on the bed. She rubbed her own breast and played with her nipples. She knew she was close and turned up the vibrator to its max setting.
"Eat your Queen! Mmmmmmmmmm, Yessssssss!, oooohhhhhhh, mmmmmmmmm, fuck me! Yesssssssssssssss, that's right you little slutttt!!!!!!, good girl, oh fuckkk. Oh fuckkkk! OOOHHHH FUCK! OOOOOOOOOOOOOOHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH FUCKKKKKKKKKK YEEEEEESSSS, FUCK!!!!" Charlotte stated cumming, she arched her back upwards as she had probably the best orgasm of her life. Alexa was still on her knees with the vibrator at its max speed, she was dripping in cum on her thighs and down her legs. She had Charlottes cum on her face. "Wow Lexi!! You sure are talented with that tongue, I'll bet guys love you" Charlotte said as she sat back up and regained her breath. She laughed as she played with Alexa's hair.
"On the bed Lexi!!" Charlotte ordered.
Alexa obediently threw herself on the bed with the vibrator still inside her. Charlotte noticed how wet Alexa was and licked her thighs all the way up to her pussy. She pulled out the vibrator and sat on Alexa's stomach as he played with her perky breast. "Sooooooo..... Lexi!! Did you enjoy eating out your Queen?" Charlotte said as she groped Alexa's breast and rubbed them. Her thumb and index finger squeezed Alexa's nipples as she cupped her breast.
Charlotte then moved up to Alexa's face as she licked her cheeks and stuck her tongue in her mouth. She kissed her and using her left hand, fingered Alexa's dripping pussy and then shoved those fingers inside Alexa's mouth.
"Do you like how you taste?" Charlotte asked with a smirk as she continued to fondle and play with Alexa's body. "Charlotte..... enough!!!! Let me go!!!!" Alexa said as she was exhausted and humiliated. She couldn't believe the things she did.
"Alright Lexi!! Flip over" Charlotte said as she reached for her duffle bag.
Alexa pulled herself up and knelt on the bed, she then turned around so her back and her cuffs were facing Charlotte and waited. She was relieved it was finally over.
"Are you ready Lexi?" Charlotte said with a sly grin. Alexa turned her head towards Charlotte and her eyes nearly popped out. She saw Charlotte standing there with a nine inch long and three inch wide strapon already fastened to her waist.
Before Alexa could even say another word, she felt Charlottes hand on her back pushing her down into doggystyle. "You're dripping you slutt!!! I can't let you go now, not when things are getting interesting!" Charlotte said she she rubbed the tip of the strapon on Alexa's pussy. "Charlotte...waiittttttt!!!! Don't!! Please!!! That's huge!!!!! I can't take it!!!" Alexa begged as she realized the situation was getting worse. Charlotte just smirked and grabbed Alexa's arms for support and penetrated her pussy. "Fuckkkk Fuuucckkkkkk Charlotte!!! Arghhhh!!!! Shittttt Shittt Shit!!!!!" Alexa screamed out as her pussy ate more and more of the strapon. Being wet only made it worse as it was easily sliding in. Charlotte watched as her strapon went in and out of Alexa's tight pussy. She felt so dominant and loved making Alexa her bitch.
Alexa could feel the pleasure surge, it felt so intense. She wanted to scream but she was so afraid of what would happen next. She just wanted it to end but it felt so good.
"Let it out Lexi!! Moan for me you bitch!!! Moan like the slut you are." Charlotte said as she got rougher with Alexa.
With every thrust it got harder for Alexa to control herself, she felt she was on the verge of breaking. Alexa knew she was about to cave in.
Alexa held her lips together as tightly as she could but it was futile. Alexa let out a loud moan that made The Queen smile. "Ahhhh!!!!!! Fuuccckkkkkkkk Fuccckkkkkkkkkk Fucckkkkkkk!! Fucking hell!!! Charlotte!!!!" Alexa moaned, she felt the horniness surge through her entire body.
The position Alexa was in made it so much easier for Charlotte. Alexa was on her knees, with her hands still cuffed behind her back, she was unable to use her hands for support and so her face was buried in the bedsheet. This made her ass stick out. Her perfect little tight ass. "You know Lexi!! People made funny of you for your little biscuit butt, but I honestly thinks its pretty hot. It's tight and tempting." Charlotte said as she admired Alexa's ass.
"Ahhhhh!!! Yeeeesssssssssss!!!!!! Fuckkkk!!!!! Yeeeessss!!!" Alexa moaned as she bit on the bedsheet.
"Wow Lexi!! You sure do like this position huh?" Charlotte laughed.
"Do you like being handcuffed and treated like the slut you are?" Charlotte continued to mock her.
"Maybe it's time to give you ass a good fuck!" Charlotte said as she pulled out of Alexa's pussy.
Alexa freaked out and turned to Charlotte. "Please not my ass!! PLEASEE!!!" Alexa begged.
"Why not? I'm sure you'll love it!!" Charlotte laughed.
"Please Charlotte, I'll do anything but just leave me ass alone. I've never done anal before." Alexa said in a worried voice.
"Anything huh? Ok deal. I won't touch your virgin ass" Charlotte smiled as she held her strapon for Alexa and winked.
Alexa bent down and opened her mouth willingly, she licked the strapon covered in her own juices from the bottom to the shaft and then put the tip in her mouth and she swirled her tongue around it.
Charlotte made sure to gets the perfect angle for the camera, she turned to the camera and smiled. She didn't have to even hold Alexa's head in place.
Alexa sucked the strapon so well, she knew this whole nightmare was almost over and she was eager to end it. She did her best to please Charlotte as best as she could. Alexa started taking most of the strapon down her throat. She gaged but kept going. "Look at me while you do that!!" Charlotte ordered as she looked at Alexa's cute blowjob eyes.
Charlotte knew she had Alexa right where she wanted, she felt a little resistance, but she had plans for that. Charlotte grabbed Alexa's head and shoved her entire strapon down Alexa's throat. She watched as Alexa's eyes started to roll back. Alexa could hardly breathe, she felt the bulge in her throat as she started to fade out. "Oh!! You're not getting off that easy!!" Charlotte said as she pulled out just in time, causing Alexa to cough and struggle to catch her breath.
Alexa fell onto her side and recovered from a brutal throat fucking. She then looked back at Charlotte who had sinister eyes. "isn't this enough? Charlotte!! Can you uncuff me and let me go?" Alexa pleaded.  
"Ohh Lexi!! You want to leave? But we're having so much fun!! Don't you want to play some more Lexi!!" Charlotte mocked as she sat on top of Alexa.
Charlotte grabbed her strapon and started penetrating Alexa's pussy again. "Ahhh!!!! Charlotte!!!" Alexa blushed as she turned her head to the side.
Charlotte began fucking Alexa like a machine. Thrust after thrust as Alexa moaned louder and louder. Alexa's body shook with every thrust, her perfect perky breast bounced with every thrust, her moans were getting louder and more sensual with every thrust. The longer she was fucked, the quicker she was going to completely break.
Charlotte noticed all of this and lifted Alexa's legs up in the air and thrusted more of the strapon inside the petite girl. She held Alexa by her tight little waist and pounded her pussy.
Charlotte licked her lips and laughed as Alexa's moans got louder and louder.
"Fuck!! Ahhh!!!" Alexa moaned out as she felt the strapon penetrate deep inside her. She was enjoying this, it was the craziest and most rough fuck she ever had.
"Ohh!!!!! Charlotte!!! Fuckkkk!!! Fuckkkkk!!! Fuckkkkkkkkk!!!!! I'm gonna cumm!!!! Ahhhhhhhhhh!!!!" Shittt!!!!" Alexa screamed out as she arched her chest upwards. Her mouth was wide open as she orgasmed.
Charlotte pulled out and smirked as she grabbed Alexa's breast and sucked on them. She loved her perky breast and gently bit her nipples.
"Ohhhhh!!! Charlotte!!!!!!" Alexa moaned as Charlotte continued to rub Alexa's left nipple and bite the right.
Charlotte strokeed her strapon that's soaking with Alexa's juices. She penetrated Alexa again causing the petite girl to moan again.
Charlotte with her strapon still buried deep in Alexa, lifted her up and fucked her. Charlotte then lays down on the bed, she grabs Alexa's waist and roughly fucks her in cowgirl position.
After a few minutes, Charlotte smirked. She was no longer doing anything. Charlotte was just lying down as the petite slut began riding her on her own.
Charlotte just watched as Alexa bounced up and down on her strapon. The tight body of Alexa made Charlotte go wild with excitement and just then the door opened.
As Alexa heard the noise she freaked out and jumped off Charlotte and fell on the bed on her knees and looked worried at Charlotte.
"What's wrong Lexi? I told you everyone talks about this tight TIGHT body" Charlotte smirks as she slaps Alexa's ass and grabs it.
Alexa's eyes almost pop out as she starred at The Man standing near the door. She was freaking out. "Becky.......?"