Having just sold my business I was taking a few months off to relax. I had to sell to pay off my ex and get her out of my hair, but now that was over I had custody of our 20-year-old daughter. Up till that night I had never thought of my girl in a sexual way and did not realize she had really grown up and was starting to fill out her young body. Having been very busy with selling my business and getting a divorce I had not been with a woman in several months. Due to this I guess I was primed and ready when it happened.

We had finished dinner and cleaned up the kitchen and Salma said she had some homework to do so went to her room. I checked the boob tube and there was nothing on so I decided to have a few hits on my pipe. My neighbor had given me some fresh pot and said it was real good stuff. I loaded the pipe and lit up. After about three hits my head was reeling... wow... that is strong and I felt everything slow down as I looked around the room. My eyes closed and I drifted off..."DAD", I heard through my foggy mind. I sat up and saw my daughter and she was asking me if it was okay to use my bathroom as her toilet was broke again. I yelled out, "Sure, go ahead." I reached for the pipe and took another big hit and leaned back on the sofa. "Ahh"...that stuff was great. About five minutes later Salma walked in and was holding a video tape in her hand... "Daddy... is this one of those porno movies I have heard about?" she asked. I glanced over saw that it was and asked, "Where did you get that?" She replied, "I found it on your dresser." `Oh shit,' I thought. I guess I had left it out last night. Oh well hell... I answered her, "Yes it is." She stood there with that sweet smile of hers and asked, "Daddy... Can I watch it... PLEASE DADDY?" I was floating as if on a fat cloud, my mind not really listening to her question and replied..."Sure... Go ahead." As soon as I saw the two naked bodies appear on the screen I was about to jump up and turn it off, and then thought, what the hell, she's not a baby any more... let her watch the damn thing. I closed my eyes and again leaned back on the sofa. About ten minutes later the sounds of two people fucking like crazy woke me up. I looked over and saw the tape running and a young couple making out like crazy. Turning my head I saw my baby - sitting on the big easy chair, her eyes riveted to the screen, one leg tucked under her. And then saw what her hands were doing. My mouth flew open as I saw that one of her slim hands was inside her blouse caressing her small breast and the other was under her skirt, rubbing the crotch of her panties. With one small lamp burning it was just enough light that I could look up her skirt and it appeared as if her panties were damp. Then I heard a slight moan slip from her parted lips and I knew that she was masturbating. When it finally seeped into my mind what she was doing I felt my heart racing and a twinge in my groin. My god I thought, I am getting turned on watching my daughter play with herself. My first instinct was to stop it at once but my body refused to move. I was so awed by what I was seeing. My hand went to my fly and covered the swelling area as my shaft slowly filled. She then reached up and opened the front of her blouse and pulled her bra up exposing her small firm breasts. Her fingers were squeezing her nipples and I could see them swell slightly and harden. My hot blood poured into my groin and I could feel my manhood swell rapidly under my hand. With no control my hand closed over my tented pants and slowly rubbed. Her skirt was now up around her waist and her fingers had slipped under her panties and were rubbing up and down her wet slit... Without knowing it my hand unzipped my pants and slipped inside to fondle my hard shaft that felt ready to explode. Watching her I could see her hips moving up and down against her hand and knew that she had her fingers inside fucking her tight little cunt. I was breathing fast and deep as I looked at the movie and saw that a girl was now on her knees and had a hard cock in her mouth licking it furiously. My head was reeling with the scene in front of me. I knew it was wrong but could not stop it, I wanted to watch more. God, I thought, here I am getting hot as hell watching my little girl and I wanted to see more. Her moans were louder now and my eyes again were glued to her actions. Without another thought I pulled my cock free of its enclosure and held it tightly in my hand. Its full length sticking up proudly as if begging for attention. I looked into my baby's face and saw her mouth was open, her eyes wide, and then our eyes were staring at each other.

Neither of us spoke, we did not have to, we knew what each other was thinking. Her eyes then dropped down and saw my hand gripping my swollen tool and she again moaned out loud and her hand moved even faster as she fingered her pussy. My hand moved slowly up and down milking my cock and I could feel drops of pre-cum seep from the eye of my cock. Without saying a word she raised her hips up and her hands slipped her panties down and off. She sat back and scooted lower in the chair, her fuzz covered cunt staring at me as if to say, here I am! Do you like me? Any bhabhis, any young girls, house wives, any women between age 20 to 45 years (only from Mumbai) want to enjoy with me or want to have my dick or any one of u want to have a sex with me on net

f she wanted to play that way so can I. My hands slipped to my belt and in a matter of seconds my pants and shorts were on the floor. I spread my legs apart and brought one up on the sofa. My rigid shaft was sticking straight up, my swollen balls hanging below. I was watching her as she stood up, she pulled her blouse all the way open and her bra up showing me both of her cute little titties, the nipples hard and elongated...just like her mothers. She walked over to the sofa, sat down on the other end, parted her legs and also brought one up on the sofa. Looking down I could see her pouty cuntlips sticking out, all puffed up and shining from her wetness. Her hand went to her breast and she again rolled her nipples between her thumb and fingers, first one and then the other.

Her free hand went to her moist pussy and she ran her fingers up and down the lips. By this time my hand was gripping my hard cock and slowly pumping it up and down as I stared at her fingers now moving in and out of her little fuck hole. She was breathing hard by now as I was and her face seemed frozen in a passionate smile. The sounds coming from deep inside her, swelling louder and louder.

My hand moving faster and faster as I jerked my cock up and down. My god... what am I doing?... Sitting here beating my swollen shaft and watching my own sweet daughter as she finger fucks her own pussy. her eyes glued to her daddy's swollen cock as it throbs in his hand. I can hear her groans getting louder, her ass moving up and down to meet her fingers as they dart in and out of her virgin cunt. Now her little body writhing madly as she gets closer to her orgasm... My own cock oozing white drops to run out and lubricate my hand... I can hear my own grunts of pleasure as my balls feel as if they are swelling and about to explode.

My hand is moving faster still knowing that I am getting very close, wanting to shoot my load but wanting to hold back as well. It was such a wild scene, each of us watching the other getting closer and closer to that ultimate sensation. Never had my cock been so hard and so engorged with hot blood. It was at least an inch or more longer that ever it had been. My whole body was on fire with lust. Then her eyes got real wide open and she gasped for breath, her hand now rubbing her little clit up and down wildly and she let out a wild scream and moaning her head flew back as she reached her full climax. My balls erupted instantly...I felt my hot cum boil out and stream up my shaft and a gusher of hot cum squirted high into the air and landed on my chest.

Then a second...and a third spurt flew into the air. My hand milking my shaft as each spurt gushed forth, my own groans adding to hers as we both were flying in passion and enjoying that ride along the top edge. My head fell back as I gasped for breath and heard her as well. After a couple of minutes I looked over and saw she was watching me. My cock was still semi erect and her hand was still slowly fingering her now dripping cunt. We both just sat there soaking up the pleasures we had just enjoyed. It must have been at least ten minutes later when she stood up, picked up her panties, smiled down at me at without saying a word walked out and went to her room. I raised up, my mind still a blur as to how did this happen.

My head still hot from the passionate episode and I knew that I had never been so turned on before. And with my own daughter. I turned off the tape and TV, picked up my clothes, and went to bed and fell into sleep at once. For the next several days things went on as if it had never happened. I often wondered what she was feeling and if she was ok but was afraid to ask. Then a few minutes ago after we had finished dinner she walked into the room and ask, "DADDY, IS IT MOVIE NIGHT TONIGHT?" What can I say....

