Jackie's Rules
by Dreming_Alice_

Jackie's Rules Pt. 07

Wednesday.

Jackie awoke, feeling groggy and disoriented. She grasped for the usual spot she kept her phone, but her hand met an empty table. Immediately more awake she fumbled for the spot on the wall where the charger plugged in and traced the cable all the way to its termination, finally making contact with her phone on the floor next to her bed. Flipping it over and squinting with one eye, she discovered it was still early, 4:03 AM. She must have slept right through... Had Alice carried her to bed?

Starting to come round from what must have been a deep sleep, Jackie decided that there wasn't much point in going back to sleep. She usually felt worse if she did. Her eyes growing more accustomed to her phone's light, she began to scroll through social media, but quickly became bored. She opened the notes page on her phone and read through the list of her rules, realizing as she read number 22, now was the perfect time to wash her "Uniform". She had been putting it off, but she now had to steel herself to wear the dirty thong, so something had to be done. She grabbed a few extra clothes to make the was worthwhile and padded to the door; Pausing for courage momentarily, before stepping into the hall totally naked.

The building felt still and quiet as Jackie tiptoed along the cold floor of her level. She had to get to the end of this stretch, then turn 90 degrees to the left, before traversing a slightly longer corridor to It's very end, where the laundry room was. She walked, slowly, timidly, quietly. One step at a time and jumping at every minor sound, Jackie made her way to the corner and peered round. Hearing a minor noise behind her was the last straw, she sprinted for the laundry room, almost crashing into it with the basket, but coming to a controlled enough stop to open the door reasonably quietly. She clicked it shut behind her and dropped to her knees. It wasn't even time to get up and her heart was already racing, she contemplated her situation as she stood up and began to load the washer. She needed to find a way to manage her rules better, she had to get on top.

Jackie slumped on the plastic chair in the corner of the room and began to read through her rules thoroughly on her seemingly dimmer phone screen:

1. Wake up every day at 05:30.

2. Run every Weekday Morning.

3. Go to the Gym with Alice Every Saturday

4. Play tennis twice a week.

5. No using Elevators.

6. No shoes in my apartment.

7. Always walk to class, don't use the bus.

8. Don't lock dorm room when I am in, so Alice Can enter.

9. When dressing myself, seek approval from Alice(selfie or in person).

10. No using antiperspirant deodorant.

11. When Alice gives me an order, I should always call her Ma'am.

12. On Fridays, I will study in the library, wearing my princess plug a with my panties round my ankles.

13. If I'm not wearing any underwear, I must not wear shoes in the apartment block.

14. No orgasms on weekdays

15. No orgasms without verbal permission from Alice

16. No orgasms in the apartment building

17. When I sit at my desk I must be sat on my largest dildo

18. Whenever & wherever I study, my panties must be round my ankles.

19. I will wear a butt plug during all classes.

20. I will never wear a butt plug and panties at the same time.

21. I must wear a uniform when in our dorm rooms: Over knee socks, thong and neck tie.

22. When I wash my uniform I must remain naked until it is dry.

23. For every hour of study, I must take a break and edge.

24. I must never be late to Miss Carlson's Class and will always sit in the front row.

25. I must not wear sports bras as well as another top.

26. I must not shave my pubis. Shaving below is fine.

Jackie read the list four times, trying to find ways she could optimize her days to more easily complete the rules. As a side note, she thought if she got more efficient, then Alice would give her more rules. The realization brought her momentarily back to the here and now, a here where she was naked in the laundry room and a now where she found herself subconsciously rubbing her pussy gently and rhythmically. She didn't stop, and she didn't change pace, but her thoughts turned to current matters, she looked at the timer on the washer and realised it had over an hour left, it was now 4:45 and Jackie had to go for her run by 6am, or She'd be late for class. The rule stated she had to remain naked until her uniform was clean and dry, the socks would be soaked coming out of the washer, even with a spin!

She couldn't run naked! Panic rising in her, Jackie messaged Alice. "Please may I have an exception to rule 22 Ma'am? I fucked up."

Alices reply took 5 minutes. "I was asleep, what?"

With shaking hands, Jackie took a deep breath and typed out her situation, how she'd started laundry and was naked in the laundry room and how she wouldn't be able to go for her run if she had to remain naked.

Alice was taken aback, stunned by how seriously Jackie was taking the rules. She didn't think Jackie was ready for a naked run. No matter how quiet and dark it might be this early in the morning. There had to be a middle ground...

"Meet me in the parking garage."

15 minutes later, Alice walked into the parking garage, dressed for the day. She realised she wouldn't get back to sleep, but this should be fun.

Jackie was leaning on Alice's car, looking pensively at the elevator doors as they opened. But she didn't hide. Alice smirked, she looked like a rabbit in the headlights.

She didn't speak until she was toe to toe with Jackie, and then she leaned in and whispered "ready for some track laps?"

Jackie nearly cried. "Oh god, please no... I can't.. What if... Can I... please?"

Alice grinned ear to ear. "6 laps of the garage, and we'll call it even."

Jackie visibly deflated. The tension leaving her body all at once. "I can do that."

She didn't even seem to see how daring that was, just the reassurance that she didn't have to go outside was enough.

She smiled at Alice and set off. Totally naked. Barefoot, with her soft skin reflecting the morning light. Alice timed and watched the athletic girl run confidently round the large space, admiring every detail of the figure she was helping create and thinking of ways to mold it to her liking...

After 10 laps, Alice allowed Jackie to stop. Her feet were sore from running on the hard tarmac, and she was well and truly out of breath. She hadn't wanted to slow up at all in front of Alice.

Alice led the sweaty girl back to their rooms and stood in the hall. "Sit outside your door and masturbate until your clothes are ready, then get dressed in your uniform and come see me."

Jackie's stomach knotted. Outside her dorm! Until just before 6, when some people would be up! She started to open her mouth to plead, but stopped when she saw Alice's stern expression. She shrank to the floor and began rubbing her rapidly slickening cunt.

For the 30 minutes Jackie sat there, lazily stroking herself, trying not to get too close to the edge, she thought about how Alice had just treat her. How she had felt small and insignificant, totally helpless. But how turned on she immediately became. She knew she had to be a bit submissive, but this felt like a revelation. The embarrassment and the shame fueled a further wave of pleasure. She found herself close to the edge now with the smallest, almost imperceptible touches. She was panting and starting to writhe when her alarm finally went off. Gathering herself slowly, she rolled to her knees and then pulled herself up, heading for the laundry room.

Soon Jackie was stood outside Alice's room in her tie, thong and slightly damp long socks. Alice took her time to answer and when she did, she wore the same stern look. "You don't deserve a shower this morning." she said to the red-faced girl."

Jackie almost melted. Her sweat was starting to dry, her hair was matted from that and her sleep, her thighs and half her legs were still slick from her own juices, her pussy was still practically leaking and this didn't help. She'd be a total mess for class and the worst possible thing about it, was that turned her on even more!

"Yes Ma'am" was all she managed.

It would soon be time for class, so Alice lead the way into Jackie's room and quickly grabbed two items of clothing, a pair of denim shorts and a cropped sweater.

Clad in these, Jackie noticed a few things: Her freshly grown out pubes were nearly visible over the low waist of the shorts and the tight crotch meant the seem pressed against her pussy; the sweater was full sleeve and stopped just below her chest; but it was a heavy cable knit, it would make her sweat on the hot day, despite not covering much.

She was in a horny daze as Alice handed her some ugg boots. Despite that she remembered to wait until they were outside to put them on, as she hadn't been given any underwear...

The girls went their separate ways and Jackie found a quiet bathroom. Closing the stall door, she opened her bag to find an unfamiliar plug. It was shiny metal and was a ball shape far larger than any of her others, despite that it had a very discreet base, just a small circular hook, that disappeared between Jackie's cheeks when she stood up.

Getting it in had been embarrassingly easy. Alice had removed the lube from her bag, but her pussy had been wet enough to lubricate the cold metal ball. Providing extra stimulation her body surely didn't need before class. Then she had relaxed her muscles and eased the thing in. Feeling incredibly full after the deed was done.

Jackie arrived at Ms. Carlesons's class with 5 minutes to spare, earning her a smile from the teacher as she took her seat in the front row. Pulling out her notebook and looking across the row, she realised that barely anyone else was sat at the front of the class. She was sure that hadn't been the case last time, but perhaps she was wrong. She wanted to do well, so less distractions would be a good thing.

5 minutes passed and the lesson began. Jackie maintained perfect focus, despite feeling very uncomfortable. Her ass felt even fuller now she was sat down and her pussy lips parted a little, so the shorts pressed directly against her tender clit.

Her midriff was on display which felt naughty in college and her top half was too hot, making her sweat and her whole body flush slightly pink. All she could do was focus on the class and try to push it all to the back of her mind.

During this class however, she realised why no one was sat at the front. Every time Miss Carelson had a question she singled someone out on the front row. Jackie answered two questions easily and felt a huge sense of accomplishment. She really wanted to impress her favorite teacher. Ironically, Jackie seemed to be the most comfortable answering the questions, although she did have to try and ignore all the eyes she felt on her, that very much made her uneasy when she thought about it. Yet she felt the wetness in her shorts as class drew to an end.

Soon Miss C was handing out homework and Jackie started to pack away her things. Looking at her phone she noticed a message from Alice. "Before you leave class, sit up straight and tie your hair back."

Having filled her bag, Jackie had no reason to delay she grabbed a hair tie and with the other hand reached back, grabbing her hair in a practiced motion. It wasn't until both hands were behind her head that the cool breeze hit her sweat soaked chest. Panic immediately set in. How high had the jumper risen? Was she flashing Miss Carelson? As she finished up quickly and pulled the jumper down, she thought the Teacher would know she didn't have a bra on at the very least.

She risked a glance and got a smile in return. "Don't forget your homework Jackie..."

Jackie tried her best to casually return the smile as she grabbed the paper and made her exit.

Her next class wasn't until later in the day, so Jackie began walking home before Alice texted her to meet in a nearby park. Soon she was approaching the taller girl and wondering what was next..

"They call this lover's clearing." Alice said gesturing around her.

"The story is people have used it to have sex away from the thin walls of the dorm blocks."

"There can't be any daring people at College this year, because I've always found it empty."

Jackie looked around and took it in. It was a clump of trees near the corner of the park, which opened into a small grassy area no larger than her bedroom, but perfectly maintained still. She thought someone taking the effort to navigate the trees to get there and cut the grass was a funny idea. She smiled to herself.

Alice broke her chain of thought "Seeing as you have awhile until your next class, you can do some homework here."

"Of course, it seems quiet enough." Jackie replied.

"My thoughts exactly!" Alice's wicked grin slowly grew as she looked at the puzzled girl in front of her.

"Take off your clothes."

Jackie only hesitated a second before complying, she'd started to trust Alice's judgement and to be honest, she was still incredibly horny from this morning's antics. Unbeknownst to her Alice had carefully tailored her morning to maintain her level of arousal. The outfit, the large plug with no lube, flashing the teacher, even the lack of a shower contributed. She knew Jackie got turned on from feeling dirty and insignificant compared to those around her.

Now the naked girl in front of her looked like the perfect picture of submission. No physical restraints, just the mind of someone ready to obey, needing to be controlled. Where Jackie saw rules, Alice saw opportunities.

Naked from head to toe, Jackie stood, bouncing uneasily from foot to foot. She allowed herself a brief look over her shoulder and regretted it. The trees were quite dense, but she could still make out the trails in the park beyond.

Alice opened her bag for her and got out her Math text book, lay it down on the floor and instructed her to kneel in front. She then pushed her forward onto her forearms and spread her legs apart, wider than was comfortable, leaving her plugged ass facing the park.

"I'm going to get you a change of clothes while you're studying." Alice explained calmly.

"I'll take your bag and your phone too, so you stay focused."

Jackie was mortified, but frozen in position as she heard Alice pick her way back through the trees.

Then there was silence. The breeze was still and Jackie could feel a warm sun on her back as she desperately tried to focus on her homework. She tried not to focus on it, but the lewd display she must be putting on stayed at the forefront of her mind as she picked her way through the questions.

Meanwhile, Alice was sat on a bench just out of sight. She already had the new outfit in her bag, she wasn't going to leave the girl she was taking charge of totally vulnerable. She set a timer for an hour...

Having finished her homework, Jackie had her head on the closed textbook and was gently swaying her hips. Her traitorous pussy was aching for attention, but she didn't want to move from her allotted position. She could feel it leaking and her lips would undoubtedly be wide open for anyone who came across her.

The worst possible thing happened. Jackie heard foot steps.

"I take it you've finished?" Alice asked, almost uninterested.

"Y.. Yes Ma'am" Jackie croaked. She hadn't had a drink in a few hours and was desperately nervous.

"Good, I see you enjoyed yourself." Alice appeared round the front of Jackie looking at the contents of a plastic cup and smirking.

Showing her what was in it, Alice laughed at the instant humiliation as Jackie realised it was a collection of her grool. She knew she had been leaking, but there was nearly half a cup in there! Was it Alice's doing, or did she enjoy being put on display like that? Alice knew the answer was both, but Jackie still had a lot to learn about herself.

"Lie on your back..."

Still, in mild shock, Jackie slumped over onto her back and closed her eyes against the sun.

She gasped as a cold splat hit her stomach.

"Ssshh." Alice mock whispered "We wouldn't want to attract any attention."

Jackie relaxed and pressed her lips shut as Alice's hand joined the liquid, which she could only assume was her own juices.

Painstakingly, Alice rubbed the liquid across Jackie's belly, up and around her neck. Her hands felt strong but gentle and Jackie flushed as they grasped her throat a little. Then lifting and stating back at the pool on her belly, Alice brushed tantalizing close to where Jackie really wanted to be touched, before coating the length of each leg. Running out of juice to spread just as she reaches the bottom of the second-long limb.

Touching her arm gently to bring her round, Alice then helped Jackie to her feet. And handed her a Summer dress from her wardrobe.

Jackie pulled it over herself, tugging it a few times as it adhered to her now sticky skin. Only now, as she took on her surroundings once more, did she realise how much she smelled of sex.

"You've got an hour to get some lunch before your next class. It's public speaking right?"

Jackie managed a small nod.

"Good, that will be an easy class until later in the year, wear this."

Alice handed her the remote vibrating egg she'd worn at the gym recently.

Resigning herself to her fate, Jackie hiked up her dress and awkwardly inserted the toy into her wet hole. Pulling her hand away from it with some difficulty. She would have given anything to masturbate here and now, but Alice lead her away for lunch...

Soon she was sat in class. Out on her own again. Squirming with every change that Alice put through the toy. The vibration was nearly always weak, but the subtle rumble had her constantly reminded of how wet she was.

She kept thinking how was naked she felt under the dress, covered in her own cum. The smell of sex filled the surrounding air, she was sure. She was sweating, she could feel beads forming on her neck and working their way down her electrified skin, all the was down to join the pool of sweat and cum she felt she was sitting in. The dress clung to her, and she daren't look down at her tits for fear of seeing her traitorous nipples protruding obviously against the thin material.

Jackie was practically in a trance when the class finished, she closed her notebook with perfectly bullet pointed notes and hung her head. Why was she letting Alice get away with this? Did she really enjoy it? Could she live with the fact that she did?

Her slick thighs answered one of those questions.

Back home, Jackie peeled off her dress and slumped. She was exhausted from being aroused the whole day. She thought she could really do with some release, but she wasn't allowed to cum in the apartment building and could she really handle asking Alice for permission over the phone, while hiding somewhere else.

Tears welled in her eyes but yet her hand found It's way to brush through her newly acquired pubes and her finger gently rubbed her rock hard clit.

Eventually, she must have dozed off as Jackie awoke to Alice cooking in her small kitchen area.

"I thought you'd need to restore some energy."

She smiled sweetly at Jackie, disarming her totally.

"Don't bother with your uniform. Just sit at the table, It's nearly ready."

Jackie padded towards the table, not as surprised as she once would have been by the thick dildo on the chair she pulled out... Alice had moved it from her desk it seemed.

Feeling between her folds, she confirmed she was still very much slick enough to make light work of the dildo, although when lowering herself she was reminded of the huge plug she had in. The ball had been surprisingly comfortable for long term wear, but she was reminded of it now as the dildo and it competed for space. The plug forcing the dildo forward, pressing it firmly into her g spot as she sank onto it. Jackie trembled, but made it the last few inches down onto the chair.

"Don't straddle the chair, sit nicely whilst we eat." Alice admonished, setting 2 plates of pasta down.

Jackie pulled her legs inward and over the front of the chair, squeezing the dildo and leaving her with her feet barely touching the floor. This left her full weight on it, forcing it deeper still, she whimpered with pleasure and pain.

Alice looked across at the naked girl in front of her. "You eat, I'll talk." she started. "You've had a long day."

Jackie nodded.

"Today was a test. I was trying to break you, trying to find a point where you would say no, tell me it was too far, too much."

Jackie looked up from her food eyes wide with realization. "Keep eating..." She did slowly, listening intently.

"You did everything and seemingly enjoyed it all from the looks of how I found you."

"And whilst today will have been exhausting, I'm incredibly encouraged about what the future will hold."

"If you can handle all that, you can handle anything the school or tennis throws at you."

"I have something for you."

Alice handed Jackie a collar. It was leather, a deep purple, accented with a matte white buckle and clasp for a leash. Instead of a tag, there was a small central loop, which held a dangling letter A, finished in the same white as the rest of the metal.

Jackie looked at it in awe. It was beautifully made, but what did it say about her? Alice answered the questions running through her mind.

"I want this to be the first mark of ownership. You're a natural submissive Jackie and I want to nurture that in you, bring out the best version of you through my guidance."

Jackie was still frozen in disbelief. But she couldn't deny that she followed Alice almost without question already. Went making that more formal really change anything?

"Yes." she said with more excitement than she intended. "Let's do it."

"Good." Alice smiled. Relieved?

"That collar replaces your uniform and at the weekend we'll move your entire wardrobe into my room."

Jackie's pussy tightened on the dildo, the involuntary reaction giving her body's needy reaction to the revelation whilst her mind was still spinning.

"Yes Ma'am." she looked Alice in the eye as she put the well fitting collar on.


Jackie's Rules Pt. 08

Thursday.

Jackie woke up feeling ready for her run. She rolled out of bed and rubbed her eyes, heading for her dresser. As she blinked them open, he found a note from Alice "Rule updates" was carefully written at the top.

Update to rule 21: Uniform is now nothing except your collar.

Update to rule 22: All laundry will now be carried out in the nude.

New rule 27: You will Not shower in your own room. Only in public bathrooms or changing rooms.

"Update to rule 2 (important for this morning): Your new running outfit will be a sports bra, sneakers and my panties from the previous day. Nothing else. I will leave them on your door handle to collect as you leave."

"New rule 28: You are only allowed one pair of your own panties per week."

"Don't go home at the end of your run, meet me at the tennis courts, I will bring your outfit for the day."

Jackie finished reading the note for the second time, flushing with a multitude of feelings. Blinking herself away from a rule induced, horny daydream: she noticed she was stood in the hall grasping the aforementioned panties. Naked...

"Fuck!"

The exclamation caught her by surprise and made her rush even more to get inside and close the door behind her. How could she be so careless! Worse still she felt like her outburst had echoed through the halls and people could have woken, people that were now more likely to see her in her less than proper outfit.

An outfit, she was only now comprehending. Alice had luckily worn some "sensible" panties yesterday, a sky blue cotton pair which covered Jackie's full ass, but they were still panties... They tapered in at the front far more than any shorts would, her entire thigh was on display! Not only that, but they were low riders and stopped at her hips, meaning the very top of her unshaven bush would be poking out, something she could only rectify by pulling them high enough to give herself a camel toe. Which she decided would be the lesser of 2 evils once she got going.

She reasoned that the panties would count as outerwear and therefore she was not technically wearing any underwear...

"Rule 13 - when not wearing underwear, I will not wear my shoes in the apartment block" she recited under her breath. Shivering with a little wave of enjoyment.

"Rule 5 - I will not use elevators" she breathed as she pushed through the door to the stair well.

As she got to the bottom, Jackie felt like she needed something else to recite. The idea of starting the day, listing rules as she went had made her giddy, but she had run out early. She supposed, if She had started with her wakeup rule and worked through, her outfits etc. she might have made it this far, but she needed one more, something to say as she walked out the front doors, to welcome the new day. Something perfect to motivate her just before she set off running... She sent Alice a voice note as she pulled on her shoes. Asking for something.

The run was a breeze, the sports facilities were half-way round her usual route, so Jackie kept a much higher cadence than usual, finding herself there is record time. It felt like she had blinked an arrived, her mind was far too occupied with the rule updates. She opened her phone and updated them from memory, she would double check they were all exactly documented from Alice's note later on.

Alice arrived soon enough, walking confidently and without haste. Making Jackie wait. When she arrived, all she did was wink and carried on into the changing rooms. Sitting down on the bench she sat and waited for Jackie to join her and then sat wordlessly until the other girl stripped her running outfit off and stood anxiously waiting instruction.

"As requested, I have another rule for tomorrow morning." Alice paused for effect.

"You'll have to wait..."

"Put these on. " She said softly but firmly. Tossing Jackie a bundle of white and pink objects.

There were 4 white cotton sweatbands, Jackie put 2 on her wrists, before pausing to sit on the bench and sliding the other 2 on. Then there were 2 pink hair ties, with a little ribbon attached.

"Pigtails" Alice explained.

Jackie nodded. Scraping her sweaty hair into one, then another bunch either side of her head.

"Stand up" Alice then ordered.

Jackie did and was manhandled into a stance with her legs slightly parted, leaning forward, bent at the waist and her neck pushed back so her face was level.

Alice pulled up a chair from the side of the room and sat facing her, a lipstick in hand.

"Pout"

She did. And then Alice applied what felt like far too much lipstick allowing Jackie to press it in with her lips. Next she applied eye shadow and then disappeared to rummage in her bag.

Jackie's abs were now starting to ache from holding the position. She put her hands on her knees to take the strain and felt immediately better.

Alice found what she was looking for and walked up behind Jackie. Noticing the resting position she'd taken up, she swatted Jackie's butt cheek hard. "Put your hands behind your back you lazy slut!" She admonished.

Jackie blushed and instantly did as instructed, feeling the strain in her muscles immediately.

Alice lubed up the egg shaped object in her hand and gave Jackie a little warning before inserting it into her already damp pussy with ease.

Then, adjusting the length of an attached cable she connected it to a butt plug to complete the ensemble, before inserting this. The only evidence was the small base of the plug and the wire, no wider than a hairband running between Jackie's pussy and asshole.

"Come"

Alice began to walk towards the courts, with a very sheepish Jackie in tow. She began to explain as she went.

"There will be no childish strip game this time, you're staring naked."

"We'll warm up the same as last time and then use the ball machine." She explained calmly.

"The device I put in your cunt is capable of submitting an electric shock. The butt plug contains a nice big battery. "

"Every time you miss, I will shock your cunt. But I think you'll enjoy it really you little masochist... "

Jackie was terrified and curious and a tiny bit excited by the idea. But mostly horny, when was the last time she came? It felt like forever ago...

Her pussy practically ached, and she began to day dream of masturbating to orgasm right here...

Only to be brought back to reality with a spank from Alice.

"Get ready, I will serve."

Jackie pushed her nudity and need for release to the back of her mind to the best of her ability and played to the best of her ability. Easily returning Alice's serve and beating her comfortably in their warm up, without having to think too much, so her aching cunt kept bringing her back to thoughts of pleasure.

Alice noticed her far off look and shocked her. Jackie screamed with surprise and pain. It hadn't hurt as much as she expected, but it was totally unexpected and a sharp pain feeling where she had never had one before, deep inside her.

She almost whimpered.

"We'll move to the machine now. Concentrate or you'll get a lot more of those..."

Jackie took her position in the middle of the court and began returning the balls from the machine. Alice seemed to control it with a practiced hand, each ball going in a different direction with varying power and spin.

Do on Jackie's foot slid after a return, her trailing knee buckling and hitting the ground, as she stumbled to trying to get back to her center position Alice fired another ball. Jackie was still scrambling to turn and head back to where she came, so Alice aimed straight for her.

The ball hurtled towards Jackie, and she shaped her racket to meet it, tight into her chest with no way of swinging for power. It connected, and she watched the ball fall short of the net. She tensed and waited for the inevitable shock. Still kneeling it hit her, and she twitched with shock and pain.

But Alice wasn't waiting, she had already sent another ball to the opposite side of the court and when that bounced past Jackie she sent another.

As the third jolt hit Jackie she was on her feet again and tried to stay on her toes as it caused her muscles to flex involuntarily.

It worked and she was ready for the next volley.

Alice kept the momentum high however and soon found herself with the opportunity to spank Jackie after ten unsuccessful returns. She made Jackie stand by the next, using the pole at the side as support, she bent her at the waist with a straight back, her tits falling slightly from her chest and her ass perfectly presented with a slight arch in her back.

Jackie stood waiting, totally humiliated by her outfit and in pain from the new contraption and sweating from her workout and for all this she was the most horny she had ever felt. When Alice connected with her ass cheek for the first time, hard and sharp, the moan Jackie let out wasn't one of pain, it was guttural and born of pure emotion.

Hearing that moan excited Alice, and she continued just as hard, one spank after the other. Alternating cheeks and sometimes deliberately missing a little to connect with more sensitive areas.

After what didn't feel like very long at all Jackie desperately burst out "P...please don't do anymore, or I'll cum!"

"Oh, You should have said that you didn't want to cum. That will help me make today very interesting..." Alice finished her sentence with a smirk.

Jackie took a deep breath to protest, but it turned into a groan as Alice's finger traced between her open folds, gently grazing her clit.

"Stand up, we're not finished training"

Jackie stood, massaging her ass. "Yes Ma'am."

The continued for a further 45 minutes until Jackie was exhausted a couldn't keep pace with the machine. Alice spanked her 0n 8 more occasions and always ensured to stop before she went over the edge. She noted for the future that Jackie might cum from spanking alone. That could be very interesting...

As Alice strode back to the changing room with Jackie struggling to keep up, she threw out her plan for the day and came up with a new one. Jackie didn't want to cum? She'd make that a very difficult proposition.

Alice showered in the changing room and Jackie waited patiently, electing to stand due to her sensitive ass cheeks.

She's removed her shoes and sweatbands and was stark naked as Alice reappeared. "I'm not lending you my towel, so you'll have to go without a shower again."

Jackie blushed. 2 days in a row! She was really going to feel dirty and other people were definitely going to notice her matted hair and oily skin.

"I'd wash you face and change your hair of I was you though!" Alice chuckled as she dressed herself.

Of course! Jackie padded over to the mirror and looked at herself. She looked like a child had applied her makeup. There was too much everywhere and it had all run with her sweating.

Still naked, she grabbed a paper towel, sweet it and began to scrub at the makeup...

With most of it removed and her hair tied back in a bun, Jackie decided that was as good as she was going to get, without a proper wash kit. She turned and headed back out to see Alice.

... But she was gone. Just Jackie's bag and what appeared to be a t shirt reminded. On closer inspection it was longer than a t shirt and had a note stuck to it.

"This t shirt dress is your outfit for the day, I've put a plug in your bag and left you a pair of shoes in your locker. Have a great day!"

Jackie groaned. Her locker was in the main building. A half mile walk. She needed to head straight to class now, otherwise she would be late.

After a moment's consideration, she opened the bag and found the plug. The weighted one Alice had hotted her. Not the biggest, but it always moved and reminded her of its presence, it was the one she pick herself if she wanted to be discreetly turned on.

Pausing to steel herself, she rubbed it along her slick pussy lips, trying to lubricate it without bring it into contact with her erect clitoris. It was still burning for attention, but much more stimulation, and she might not be able to control herself.

Shivering from the effort of this, Jackie forced herself to now focus on sliding the toy in her ass, so on all fours in the bench she opened herself and eased it in with one smooth motion. Quickly and with as little excitement as possible... It didn't work. Her whole body buzzed with another level of pleasure. She desperately span round and sat on her hands, so as not to do anything she regretted.

Breathing deeply, Jackie turned her thoughts to her dress, to her (seemingly barefoot) walk and making it to class afterwards.

5 minutes later she moved, breaking the trance she had found herself in and yanked the dress on. It came nearly as low as her knees, which she was grateful for. Grabbing her back Jackie headed for the door, ignoring the cold tiles of the lobby on her bare feet and striding out to get to the main building as early as possible.

Ignoring the feeling of being nearly naked, Alice powered across the grass lawn towards the front doors, forgetting it had rained the night before. Twice she nearly slipped on the wet muddy grass, but she kept her feet enough to make it into the building. The cold marble making it hard to put her bare, now filthy feet to the back of her mind.

Trying her best not to leave footprints, Alice made her way to her locker, opening it to find and old pair of sneakers and without thinking she yanked them on her dirty feet to hide the shame. The mud finding It was around the enclosed space and reminding her of how dirty she felt all over.

Jackie's pussy convulsed. It practically had a heart beat of It's own, and she felt a small bead make It was down her inner thigh. She was fairly sure it wasn't sweat...

Jackie walked at a slightly more relaxed pace to class, picking her way between groups of people. Had they all seen her come in barefoot and filthy? She tried not to think about it.

Finding an empty row in her sign language class, Jackie sat down and waited as the last few people filed in. Getting out her notebook, she noticed a notification she had missed.

"Leave your phone unlocked and on the desk in front of you. I will Instruct you as class goes on. Do not reply, just comply."

Jackie almost typed out "Yes Ma'am. ", but stopped herself.

She set her phone next to her notebook and waited. Waited for the class to start and the instructions to begin...

10 minutes later, Jackie's phone screen drew her attention. It didn't vibrate, just the text in her messaging app updated and drew her eye.

"Take the arm the furthest away from the teacher out of your sleeve, so it is inside your dress."

Jackie moved surreptitiously, keeping an eye on the front of the class and the other students on rows around her. Soon she had her arm awkwardly by her side, stretching the dress.

A few more minutes went by, with Jackie growing more and more anxious, then her phone blinked again.

"Keep taking notes with your other hand, but stroke between your pussy lips with one finger. Only in one direction, up then pull away, up then pull away etc. etc."

Jackie's whole body got warm at the thought, she told herself it was embarrassment and that was probably true in part. But there was definitely something else, a growing hunger tugging at her hand, even before she fully processed the message.

Her finger slid easily between her wet folds and sent a shiver through her whole body. Steeling herself, Jackie pulled away and went back for another pass. Eyes pinned on the teacher, she focused on making notes with her left hand - a difficult task which meant she kept forgetting herself and stopping stroking before catching it and starting again.

Soon, she found a rhythm and was subconsciously stroking her cunt. Practically vibrating with the built up tension.

Her phone blinked with more instructions.

"Introduce a second finger, alternate them stroking upwards like you're walking them up your clit."

Jackie tried this tentatively, it had the same effect, but forced a faster pace, her clit was under near constant stimulation. It took her 20 minutes to get to the point where she could do this as well as taking notes and sense of pride overwhelmed her. She had to force the grin off her face.

Alice changed tact... "I bet you've forgotten how filthy you are."

"I can't think of a more fitting word for it."

"A filthy slut touching herself in class."

"A filthy girl who hasn't showered in 2 days, covered in sweat and her own juices."

"A filthy slut who loves being dirty around all her nice class mates."

Jackie was burning up, Alice didn't even know that her feet were covered in mud inside her shoes. She fought back the building orgasm and tried to slow her pace as good as possible.

Jackie was sweating and developing a wet spot between her thighs when the bell went. She sat still, waiting for everyone to leave, too nervous about drawing attention to herself to budge.

Finally, she got her arm out of her dress, and wiped her slick hand on her leg as good as possible before tidying away her things and messaging Alice on the way out of Class.

"Please Ma'am, I need to be able to reply if we do that again, I might have cum there if the Class had been longer!"

Alice smirked on reading it, this was good, she wanted Jackie to be close. She wanted her to be desperate.

She replied "Maybe. I've sent you an audio file, I want you to eat lunch in the library cafe and listen to it for Your whole lunch period."

Jackie was deflated by the lack of confirmation of her request, so just replied. "OK."

Catching herself, she sent another response as quickly as possible. "Yes Ma'am."

Alice smiled and under her breath, said to herself "Good Girl."

Ten minutes later, Jackie was sat in a corner seat with a salad in front of her. She connected her ear buds and downloaded Alice's message. Pressed play and began to eat.

The file started with what seemed to be background noise, then a soft moan appeared to break the silence, and another. Then some deep breathing. The woman appeared to be in ecstasy and Jackie could imagine them masturbating without a care in the world.

Jackie's fork hovered in front of her mouth, her eyes closed and her face a mask of concentration. She tried to put the sound to the back of her mind before opening her eyes and beginning to work on her salad again. All the while people walked by, oblivious. This was the most humiliating thing yet and it didn't involve anyone knowing a thing. Jackie just felt so naughty, so out of place in the quiet space. She began to breathe deeply herself. Trying not to be overwhelmed by everything.

Lunch was excruciating, Jackie kept looking around, thinking people could hear what she was listening too, she was flushed from head to toe and sweating with embarrassment. When she looked at her watch and finally it ticked over to 5 minutes before her next class she sighed with relief, pausing the file and slumping in her chair with relief.

Then the text came. "You need to swap plugs for this class. There is another one in your bag."

Jackie swore, running now out of the library and to the nearest bathroom where she rushed into a stall and threw off the dress to get it out of the way. Rifling through her bag, she found a plug she forgot she had. It was a medium-sized thing that vibrated. It had a matching ring which served as a remote and a small vibrator itself.

Bending over and using the toilet for support, Jackie eased the larger plug out of her ass and wrapped sit in paper to throw in her bag, she then rubbed it on her oversensitive pussy for lubrication as was now her ritual. The sensation was now almost too much and it took her a long time to get it in contact long enough to transfer the juices from her soaking cunt.

Once he had eased the plug in Jackie grabbed her dress from the floor and yanked it on. Then, leaving the toilets, began striding out once again to make it to class on time...

"Red Light, green light." Alice's latest message explained. Jackie was to have the plug vibrating on low and when Alice declared green light, she would accompany it with the vibrating ring on her clit. On a red light she would have to have her hands on her thighs. To achieve this however, Jackie had to keep her hands outside the dress, which meant hiking up her dress to the masturbating. Leaving her effectively bottomless on the seat.

Luckily Jackie had picked a quiet corner of class and her bag served as a good block for anyone who might have a view. She felt totally exposed, but confident enough no one could see her nudity. At least not directly.

"Green light."

Jackie shuddered as the ring made contact er clit hardening more than she thought possible. Only serving to OK intensify the tremor that was between her legs. "Red light."

Fumbling the off button she slumped. Thinking it was a good thing she didn't have to take notes in this class as the slides were available afterwards.

Just as Jackie began to relax, Alice messaged her again. "Green light!" Thumbing the ring back on, Jackie steeled herself for the next round of vibrations.

Despite her attempt at readiness, Jackie shuddered as the ring made contact. Forcing herself, to keep it pressed in place made all of her muscles tense.

"Red light." Jackie pulled her soaked hand away from her pussy and placed it on her thigh. Breathing deeply in a desperate attempt to recover. She was trying to stay calm, this felt like too much, but surely Alice knew what she was doing...

Alice did know what she was doing, she was trying to find Jackie's breaking point, but she just kept going. After this morning, she didn't think Jackie would have made it through her first class without begging to cum. Yet here she was, still going and calling on reserves of what must be an immense self-discipline. She was learning more and more about the other girl as the day went on. Earlier she had nearly cum from a spanking, that could be interesting.

"Green Light."

Jackie was close to tears now, she pressed the ring to herself with as little force as she could, which actually might have been worse. She tried to find a balance before it overwhelmed her and was still experimenting when the next message blessedly arrived.

Making a snap decision, She yanked her dress down to cover herself, grabbed her back and strode purposely for the back door of the class, trying to leave without a fuss. This Brought her out on the second floor and Jackie didn't stop to wait, she was aiming for the bathroom, she had to get there before Alice messaged again...

Rounding the corner, Jackie's heart sank. Her phone buzzed with the inevitable "Green Light." She stopped, hiking up her dress and spreading her legs a little before turning on the ring. In one motion she fell to her knees and dropped her head to the floor as if it was too heavy to lift. Thumbing the call button next to Alice's name.

Before Alice even managed to say hello, she was bombarded. "Please Ma'am, please can I cum, please.. Pl.. Please. Alice, nnnnngh, ohh."

Jackie wasn't even sure if What Alice replied was a positive answer, she just heard the word "Cum." and relented. Her back arching and her face taking the full weight of her upper body, her legs shaking and her breathing taking on a staccato rhythm that sounded totally Alien to her. It felt like minutes went by, and she just kept going the ring buzzing against her abused clit. She'd never cum so hard and didn't want it to end, she didn't care about her surroundings or that someone could find her in the hall any second, she just wanted this feeling to last forever.

Slowly Jackie regained herself, the peak of the orgasm over and finding some lucid thought. She lifted her head and found her phone next to her and Alice giggling down the phone.

"Can you hear me Jackie?"

"You can stop now!"

Jackie laughed a little herself, realizing how carried away she must have been.

"Yes Ma'am, thank you. "

She could hear Alice's smile down the phone as she gave her words of praise and told her that Classes were finishing now.

"Oh God! I'm in the corridor..."

Alice laughed again. "Have you made a mess? "

"Yes." Jackie said, embarrassed by the revelation, there was a puddle behind her.

"Clean it up with your dress and head home for a rest, you've earned it."

Jackie's eyes bulged, classes were ending, and she had nothing on under the dress. All that was assuming it had enough capacity to soak up all that moisture.

She pulled her arms out of the dress just as the bell rang...

