Snape woke up sluggishly, his mouth feeling as if his tongue had tripled in size and lost all of its moisture. He looked around him in surprise, as the last thing he remembered was his Azkaban cell opening to let a prison guard enter.

This room had nothing to do with Azkaban. It was by no stretch of the imagination luxurious, but compared to Azkaban, it was heaven. To begin with, there was a bed. A narrow bed with a rather lumpy mattress, but a bed nonetheless, and there even were sheets and a pillow. His tiny isolation cell had not even contained a pallet, and Snape had been forced to share the ground with the rats.

Snape slowly sat up, taking in more of the décor. A small wardrobe stood in a corner and there was an ugly flowery curtain hiding what Snape hoped was a bathroom. He stood up, disdaining the slippers that had been laid near his bed. His feet were filthy and he had no intention of soiling what might be his only footwear.

Snape opened the wardrobe. There were a few robes, black and of a simpler design than the ones he had worn as a teacher. There was also Muggle clothing, black trousers and darkly-coloured shirts. Search as he might, he found no underwear.

The curtain did hide a bathroom, and Snape spent a long time simply admiring it. It was tiny, with a toilet bowl in a corner and a small shower stall in the other, closed by another ugly curtain, this time with big purple and orange polka-dots. The washbasin must have been the smallest Snape had ever seen.

At any other time, Snape would have scoffed at the arrangement, but this was a definite improvement over the hole in the ground in Azkaban. Though there had been common showers, Snape had not been allowed to use them on his last stay.

Finally he managed to rouse himself from his stupor and began to disrobe. He dropped the disgusting rags he was wearing onto the floor and stepped under the warm spray. There was no bathtub, but Snape was perfectly content with a simple shower, and he proceeded to rid himself of the grime of Azkaban.

Half an hour later, the water finally ran clear and Snape stepped out. He grabbed a large towel and dried himself, gently patting the places where his skin had chafed.

That was when Snape noticed it. The Dark Mark had disappeared with Voldemort, but where there had been only pallid skin now were four words written in a simple script: “Property of Harry Potter.”

Snape closed his eyes in dismay. It could only mean one thing, but the very thought was painful. Briefly he wondered how Potter had even known of that archaic law, then he remembered that Granger had also survived the war and had probably supplied her friend with the information.

Snape stared at the tattoo for a long time. It was on his forearm, near his elbow. The lines were parallel to his arm, so that he could read them easily and be reminded of his status. “Property of Harry Potter.”

He was a slave now. Chattel. His master could kill him, and nobody would so much as lift a finger to stop him. In fact, nobody had the right to interfere between a wizard owned under Life and Death and his master. Not even the Dark Lord had possessed such power over his Death Eaters. For the first time, Snape wondered whether they had created a monster in Potter.

He wrapped the towel around himself and looked in vain for a razor or at least scissors. His beard had grown haphazardly in the few months he had been in prison, and he longed to get rid of this visible reminder.

Abandoning the idea temporarily, he stepped back in the bedroom. There, lounging in a comfortable armchair that hadn’t been there before was Potter, dressed casually in Muggle clothes.

Snape froze under Potter’s gaze, which examined him from head to toes, coldly, almost clinically. Snape almost expected to be told to show his teeth. Raising his chin, Snape returned the assessing stare.

Potter looked older than his twenty-five years. The long, dragging war had aged him prematurely and had furrowed his face with worry lines. There was a coldness and a hardness in his eyes that hadn’t been there before. The little boy had definitely disappeared and in his place stood a man. A man, Snape realised, that he didn’t know at all.

Finally, Potter stood up, the armchair vanishing behind him.

“What’s your favourite colour?”

Snape boggled. What kind of question was that?

“I’m reluctant to give in to House prejudices and presume green, but that’s what you’ll get if you don’t speak up.”

“It is green, actually.” What would he get? Potter didn’t make sense at all.

A few seconds later, the room he stood in shimmered and completely changed. The bed was larger, covered with a dark green bedspread. The walls were pale green, setting off the darker curtains. A door now separated the bathroom from the bedroom.

Snape turned back to stare at Potter. There was no wand in sight, making this prowess all the more astonishing. There had been talk among the Death Eaters of Potter’s power, but Snape hadn’t imagined the extent of it. And this was his new master. . .

“I hope your accommodations are to your tastes.” There was definitive mockery in Potter’s tone, but Snape was too cowed by his display of power to react to it. “Dress and join me downstairs in fifteen minutes.” Potter turned to the door and stopped before opening it. “Severus? I really wouldn’t like to have to come get you. And neither would you.”

With that, he went out, and Severus felt something like a spring breeze all over his lower jaw. Touching it, he realised that his beard had disappeared completely.

He took one of the light robes from the wardrobe and put it on, resigning himself to have his bits dangling uncomfortably free under the robe. He went back to the bathroom, which had also changed considerably, almost doubling in size. The washbasin was now normal-sized and above it was a long tablet holding a toothbrush and a comb. Snape carefully combed back his still damp hair. It had grown past his shoulders and Snape looked for something to tie it, as it was in the way and made his neck feel too hot.

A simple leather hair-tie appeared on the tablet under the mirror of the bathroom and Snape stared at it numbly. He was still Occluding — he had never really stopped, ever since he had learned the skill, decades before — and there just was no way Potter could have penetrated his mind, especially as he was not physically there.

He concentrated on soft cotton boxer shorts, just like the ones he used to wear, which were conspicuously absent from his present wardrobe. No boxers, but a small sheet of note paper appeared. Snape picked it up and read in Potter’s unmistakable hand, “They would just get in the way.”

Snape took a deep breath and finished his preparations, while desperately trying not to think of reasons why underwear would “get in the way”. He pulled his hair back and gathered it in the proffered tie. He put on the soft slippers, since there were no shoes and opened the door.

He didn’t know what he expected to find, but the corridor was rather small, with only three other doors. Wherever he was, it definitely wasn’t the sort of extensive mansion he associated with the Potter heir.

Downstairs, double doors opened into a medium-sized dining-room that could have hosted half a dozen people easily. The long oak table was set for two, with a place at the head of the table — Potter’s, Snape imagined — and the other on his immediate right.

Snape paused. There was no-one present, and Snape wasn’t sure what to do. His dilemma was solved by the arrival of Potter, who immediately sat down and nodded sharply at the other chair. Snape hurried to sit down.

Hoping for some insight on how Potter had managed to read his mind even as he wasn’t there, Snape said, “Thank you for the hair-tie. How did you know?”

“I suppose it appeared when you needed it?”

Snape nodded. Of course it had; how didn’t Potter know that? Wasn’t it him who had sent it?

Potter continued, “Do you know the Room of Requirement at Hogwarts?”

Snape nodded again; Draco had used it to let Death Eaters in the school.

“There is a similar spell on the house, though less powerful and tied to me. You can’t wish for something I would disapprove of. I like your hair, by the way. Keep it as it is.”

“As it is?”

“Long and clean.”

Snape was definitely out of practice with the deferential attitude, and his mouth ran ahead of himself.

“Of course, Potter. The Chosen One wouldn’t want the ‘Greasy Bastard’ as his slave.”

Potter moved too quickly and Snape had no warning. Suddenly his jaw was held in a vice-like grip. Snape could feel each individual finger imprinting itself in his skin, probably leaving spectacular bruises. Ungently, Potter turned his head until Snape was looking in his eyes. Potter was visibly furious, and sharp fear coursed through Snape. Couldn’t he have kept his mouth shut for once? There was no telling what an angry Potter would do to him.

“Put a curb on that vicious tongue of yours. You won’t talk to people in that nasty way you used to when you taught.”

Snape swallowed and nodded, his throat too tight to talk. Potter observed him a moment, his lips tightened in a fine line. Snape did his best to appear intimidated. Finally, Potter let his jaw go and sat back down.

“Let’s eat.”

Snape’s jaw was throbbing, but he didn’t dare touch it to assess the damage. Anyway, he didn’t have a wand to perform Healing Spells.

Just like at Hogwarts, the food appeared in their plates. Snape had some rice and chicken. The food seemed to have been prepared very simply, and Snape in fact discovered that his meal hadn’t even been salted. As he looked at his plate in horror, Potter said, “You’ve been starved in Azkaban. Bland food will help settle your stomach. Eat.”

Snape picked up his fork again; he wasn’t very hungry now, but it wouldn’t do to upset Potter. He forced down as much food as he could, but still his plate remained half-full. He began pushing the food around, hoping that Potter wouldn’t make him finish it, as he decidedly didn’t feel up to the task.

“Stop playing with your food, Severus.”

Snape froze.

“If you can’t eat anymore, you may stop, but you’ll be served a light meal later.”

“Are you fattening me up?” Snape froze in horror at what came out of his own mouth. Had Potter put some anti-inhibition potion in his food? He had been able to control himself around the Dark Lord, dammit! He relaxed a little when Potter chuckled.

“You could do with some more flesh on your bones, but I don’t intend to eat you.”

Potter finished his meal while Snape carefully avoided his gaze, choosing to stare blankly at his plate instead. Finally, the dishes disappeared.

Potter pushed his chair back and stood up.

“I think I’ll have dessert in the playroom. Follow me, Severus.”

Playroom? What the hell? Walden Macnair had had a playroom, too, but his ideas of “play” had been vastly different from Snape’s. Well, whatever happened, Snape was prepared to meet his end with dignity.