Surprise Party
bySams_Island©

Chapter 10

The toilets were the opposite direction, so they did a 180 and headed back the other way. As they walked back in front of the shoe store both of the clerks came to attention, hoping against hope for another visit from the lucky bastard and his hot wife. Marla smiled and waved at both boys, but showed no signs of stopping. Behind her back, however, Sandy pointed at Jim and made a beckoning sign.

"You lucky fuck," moaned Rod as Jim headed out of the store. Looking back at his partner with a big smile Jim said, "Your time will come...just not today." He laughed as he practically skipped out of the store.

Up ahead he saw the couple turning a corner -- towards the restrooms. 'Aah,' Jim thought, 'just where I was getting ready to go myself, only now it should be a lot more interesting.' He wondered just how far the man intended to let him go and hoped he wasn't in for just another cock teasing. Once was fun, but twice...then Sandy first held up his hand in a stop sign, followed by a finger across his lips in the 'shush' sign. Jim got the message and stopped at the corner, quietly peeking down the corridor so Marla didn't catch sight of him. Two chattering teenage girls entered the Ladies' room just ahead of the hot couple, so Marla and Sandy stopped in front of the Men's. Sandy held the door open and scanned the room -- empty -- then he ushered Marla through the door, pushing her towards the stalls.

As she made her way forward, Sandy hesitated at the door and gave a signal that brought Jim sprinting down the short hall to meet him; on his face was the eager look of a hunting dog when its owner takes the shotgun off the wall rack. Sandy smiled and quickly whispered, "I'm afraid there won't be any contact, but if you want to hear some hot action you're welcome."

Jim's face fell a bit, he was really hoping to see what was under those wet pink panties, but what the hell, jacking off to the sound of the hot slut getting boned was still better than just jacking off to her memory, which is what he'd been about to do anyway. "I'll take it," he answered. He couldn't help adding, "Is she loud?"

"She will be," Sandy promised with a smile, then he was walking swiftly across the tiled floor to join his wife in the larger handicapped booth.

"What were you doing?" she asked, looking back at the slowly closing door.

"Just keeping a lookout, making sure no teenage boys were cruising after those two girls. I'm not ready to share you just yet."

"Oh ho! Not just yet, eh? Then why do I feel like you've been sharing me with everyone in this mall?" she demanded with a smile, wrapping her arms around him.

"Hmm," he considered, as he sneaked a peek through the gap as he closed the cubicle door and saw Jim quickly making his way into the room. "When you put it that way I guess I have been sharing you a little," he admitted. "But it's a selfish kid who refuses to share his presents with anyone else, isn't it? Besides, I think you've enjoyed being shared, haven't you?" he demanded.

Marla blushed, "Yes," she admitted softly.

"What have you liked best so far?"

Normally she was too shy to talk like this, but she knew that today, hell, for the rest of their marriage she hoped, she had no choice but to do what Sandy told her.

"The guy in the shoe store," she whispered huskily, putting a hand on Sandy's chest and playing with his nipple through the shirt. "I thought he was going to attack me right there, even with you sitting right behind him." She was getting into her story telling now, "I'll tell you a secret, he had a big dick."

Of course Sandy had seen the bulge in Jim's pants for himself, but to Marla he said, "And how do you know that my little slut?"

"I touched it," she said in an excited rush. "First I massaged it with my foot when he was putting on my shoes, and then at the checkout stand I grabbed it with my hand, like this." She grabbed her husband's crotch and squeezed his swelling cock just as she had squeezed the stranger's in the shoe store.

"And did it feel good, baby, did you like having that strange meat in your hand?"

"I felt so...powerful...does that make any sense?"

"Really hot sex is always about power, baby. Having power over someone and giving someone power over you. You had power over our young friend, that's for sure. And who has power over you?" he demanded.

"You do," she answered without hesitation. "You have the power," and she squeezed his prick harder, giving 'the power' a different meaning.

"Take the power in your hands," he commanded.

Jim could hear the familiar jingle of a belt buckle being undone, followed by a quiet zziipp. In his own stall he silently undid his own pants, pushing them down around his knees.

"Oh, baby," Marla cooed. "It feels like I've been waiting for this for years." She gently massaged his tightly swollen testicles in one hand while the other slowly stroked up and down the iron hard shaft. "What are you going to do to me with this beautiful prick? I can feel the cum bubbling in your balls."

"Now that I think about it," her master replied, "it has been a long time since my cock got any action. You, on the other hand, have already had two orgasms today, haven't you?"

"Yes, two wonderful orgasms, baby. You always make me come so hard; I can hardly wait for the next one."

"Well, you're going to have to wait this time," he declared. "It's time for a little catch up, my pet, now it's time for the man to come."

"Yes, oh yes," she agreed. "I'm going to make you come so hard, baby; I can't wait to feel you explode."

'Fuck, this guy is good' thought Jim, his own meaty cock jutting stiffly between his squeezing fingers. 'He's got this hot bitch so well trained.'

"Take off your panties and bend over," the trainer commanded.

Marla quickly skinned off the new panties, now as wet as the old ones had been, raised the window shade skirt up to her waist one more time and bent over, once again exposing her bottom to Sandy's wants and desires. She put her hands against the wall behind the commode and rested one knee on the toilet seat for better balance. A shiver went through her when she wondered (hoped?) if Sandy was going to spank her again. A different shiver hit her, however, when instead of his sharp hand she felt the dull end of his stiff cock pushing against her swollen pussy lips, pushing its way in like a battering ram.

"Unnh!" she grunted loudly, and between that and the delicious wet noise of a sloppy wet pussy Jim knew that his partner in the other stall had just driven his nail home. He had to bite his lip to keep from letting out his own supportive cheer.

Sandy froze in place. "So fucking good," he growled. So good that he wasn't going to last more than two strokes if he wasn't careful, he thought. And while a quickie might be just fine for him and Marla he had made a promise to shoe boy. He breathed deeply to regain himself, then continuing to hold still deep in his wife's wet heaven he said, "If I remember right, the last time you came today you were having a fantasy about something else being buried in your pussy like this."

Marla flashed back to the phone sex session in her car, Jim describing her fantasy to her so vividly over the cell. She knew without being told that it was now her turn to describe that fantasy. "Yes," she admitted in a husky whisper, "a fist. Angie's fist was filling my poor cunny the way your big cock is now. The little slut was raping me with her hand, shoving it all the way in up to the wrist."

Jim's eyes nearly popped out of the sockets. He gripped tighter and stroked faster as he pictured another hot bitch giving this one a fist job, 'fuuccckkkk!'

"Did you ask her to stop?" questioned Sandy as he finally moved his hips, slowly withdrawing his rod until only the head remained inside.

"Hell, no!" Marla declared, meaning both Angie's fist and Sandy's cock. "I loved it in me; I never wanted it to stop." Sandy slammed his balls back against Marla's ass. She pressed hard against the wall to keep from getting knocked off her perch, grunting like an animal each time he pulled out and slammed back into her. After five hard, deep strokes Sandy froze in place again, just barely able to hold onto the white lava ready to explode from his volcano.

"What else?" was all he was able to get out in a strangled gasp, but Marla knew what he meant.

"You and Beth were fucking my mouth," she panted. "The little whore was grinding her pussy all over my face and you were shoving your cock down my throat."

"Suck...?" hissed Sandy.

"Yes, I was sucking both of you, trying to suck the cum right out of your balls and sucking on college girl's clit until she came in my mouth." She shoved her ass back against her husband, wanting more hard pounding, but instead he yanked his meat out of her. Marla immediately spun around, sitting on the toilet seat, knowing what was coming -- and here it was; Sandy's hand roughly grabbing the back of her head while his rod pumped toward her mouth. She quickly took him in her hand and guided him into her hungry mouth.

"Suck it bitch, suck!" commanded her shaking husband. Marla used her lips, tongue and teeth roughly on the sensitive head while one hand yanked his balls and the other flew up and down his shaft.

In the next stall Jim leaned back against the thin wall that separated them and yanked at his own balls and cock with shaking hands.

"I'm gonna come," Sandy said aloud, Jim silently. "Do you want my hot cum; are you going to swallow it all?"

Around his cock Marla grunted in assent, "Uh huh, uh huh, uh huh," she chanted, shoving her face down over his cock till she almost gagged, then pulling back just enough to let her hand go back to it's sperm milking rhythm. Beneath her fingers she swore she could feel the pulse of his jet spraying through his skin tube just before she felt and tasted the salty hot seed exploding into her mouth. "Mmm mmm mmm," she grunted, happily swallowing down spurt after spurt of his man cream, God, there was so much, so much, so fucking much, it was so good, it tasted like raw sex, and the joy of drowning in his hot spunk sent a small orgasm coursing through her body.

It was a big orgasm that was shaking young James on the other side of the wall. His white jet of cream flew across the stall, hitting the opposite wall with the first spurts. On both sides of the stall divider hands worked to wring out every last drop of liquid sex from happily abused penises.

On Jim's side it meant leaning forward to make sure he didn't mess all over his pants.

On Marla's side it meant finally releasing Sandy's meat from her mouth so she could make a mess all over her face, smearing his goo from chin to cheek to forehead and back to loving mouth.

Jim finally collapsed onto his toilet seat, grabbing a handful of toilet paper to catch his final drops, while trying to catch his breath and muffle his gasps at the same time.

Sandy reached gently under Marla's chin and drew her up to her feet, bending down to kiss her cum-covered lips and taste himself on her slutty tongue while he fumbled his dick back into his pants.

He reached behind himself and undid the lock and the two stumbled through the door barely keeping their feet; both laughed, then he caught her up and kissed her again. "Mmm, not bad, I guess," he mused, "but not nearly as nice as sweet pussy juice."

Marla giggled, "Well, I don't mind tasting myself on your lips, or fingers, but there's nothing like fresh, hot cum. The taste is so...nasty, so...slutty."

Sandy grabbed her close, "And you like being nasty...slutty...don't you?"

"Yes, master," then she was kissing him again.

Sandy suddenly broke off their kiss and said, "Shh, do you hear something?"

"Wha? No, just you treating your wife like a whore," she laughed.

Then he was looking over her shoulder with a serious look on his face. "Is someone there?" he demanded. "Come out now."

Marla spun in his arms, a look of shock coming over her cum-painted face.

The door of the next stall slowly opened, revealing a red-faced Jim with pants barely fastened. Marla gasped.

But Sandy relaxed, "Oh, it's just Jim," he said, winking merrily at the young man with a secret signal. Jim relaxed too, 'just more of the fun', he thought.

"Gee, I hope we didn't bother you," Sandy offered.

"Not at all," reassured the grinning man.

"Hope we didn't keep you from 'your business'," the older man said apologetically.

Jim decided to go for it and take a part in this perverted play. "Not at all," he repeated. "In fact you helped with 'my business'."

Speechless and bewildered up until now Marla whispered, "What do you mean?"

"I mean you got me so hot earlier in the store, I had to come down here to relieve myself. No offense, dude," he added to Sandy.

"None taken; she has that effect on lots of people." He squeezed his wife with one arm and when she looked up at him he had a happy, proud smile on his face.

"Well, imagine my delight when the very woman I was fantasizing about shows up in the next stall and gets so deliciously fucked," Jim said bluntly, looking deep into Marla's staring eyes.

"You heard? You listened?" in small voice.

"I wished I could have recorded it," Jim agreed happily. "You were so fucking hot I'd be able to jack off to that tape for years. Hell, I'll still be able to get off just on the memory of it. Again, no offense."

"Hey, man, no problem, I know what you mean. What was the hottest part for you?"

"What!?" Marla looked up at Sandy, finally coming out of the shock of their discovery as she heard her husband discuss her performance like a play or film.

"Marla," quietly but sternly. She fell silent. "If I did a little unintentional sharing of my present I'd at least like to hear how he enjoyed it. I remember you saying you enjoyed being shared and that you especially enjoyed feeling Jim's big cock swell under your touch. Didn't you say that?"

The confused woman stared at the floor. "Marla?" "Yes," she admitted in a low voice. "So tell me, Jim, what did you like?"

"It was all good, man, but that part about the other woman fist-fucking your wife, oh, Christ that was hot."

"Oh, yeah," Sandy growled appreciatively, "fucking hot. How about sucking another girl's pussy while getting fisted? How fucking hot was that?"

"I'll show you how hot," offered Jim. He pushed his stall door wide open and stepped to the side. From where they stood Marla and Sandy could easily see the huge gob of spunk dripping down the side of the wall to a puddle on the floor. The woman mewled under her breath and Sandy laughed, "Fuckin'-ay, dude, looks like you nearly put a hole through the wall."

"Your woman's got that effect on a man," Jim answered with a smile.

"That she has, bro', that she has." He stepped forward, did a high-five with the shoe salesman, then again offered Marla his arm and walked her out of the Men's room.


Chapter 11

Sandy could feel how shaky and unsteady on her feet Marla was, so he kept a tight grip on her arm as they reentered the hallway. They took a step or two, then Marla stopped and began to turn back. "Where you going?" he asked.

She nodded toward the Ladies' room door. "I, I thought I'd wash my face," she said in a confused voice.

The man spun her around to face him and took her shoulders in his strong hands. "Oh, no you don't. That cum is your slut badge of honor and you'll wear it proudly." She looked up with a question in her eyes. "You know what you just did in there, don't you?" She nodded yes, then shook her head no. Looking her straight in the eye he said, "You just made two guys come at the same time. You made two...big...hard...cocks explode and shoot their loads like cannons. Did you see how much spunk Jim sprayed against that wall? And he was just listening to you -- you hot slut."

Marla just made that same small mewling sound she had when she'd seen Jim's prodigious deposit on the wall.

Sandy reached up and smeared the come he'd left on her pretty face across her cheek, scraping one big drop to her mouth where she snapped onto his finger and sucked hungrily. "Too bad Jim had to waste his on the wall, huh? I should have invited him over to empty his load into your mouth the way I did." Marla just sucked harder on his finger. "Would you have liked that, baby, two big loads to swallow?" Marla released his finger and turned her eyes to the floor, too afraid to speak. Sandy put a finger under her chin and tilted her head up to look at him. "I bet his cock still has a good coating of cum on it, do you want to go back and lick it clean for him?" Marla's eyes grew wide, but still she didn't speak. "Hell," her pimp husband continued, "a young guy like that, I bet he could get it up and give you a fresh load of spunk right now. How about that, Marla? Want to go back in for more?"

Marla's mind was spinning. Was Sandy serious? Did he want her to suck some stranger off in a mall restroom? Or was he testing her? The memory of Jim's big cock swelling in her hand and all that cum dripping down the wall made her knees weak. My God, am I really a slut? Do I really want to feel that strange cock in my mouth and drink that jizz? And what would Sandy do? Would he get mad if Marla really succumbed to his teasing and prodding? No, Marla suspected her loving husband would happily hold her hair out of the way while the young shoe stud fucked his wife's face.

Fortunately (or unfortunately?), just then a family turned the corner into their hallway and headed toward the restrooms. Dad leading two young boys into the Men's and Mom guiding a little girl who obviously needed to go very badly into the Ladies'. Sandy took Marla's arm in his again and started guiding her back into the main mall with a laugh. "Oh, well, maybe next time."


Chapter 12

They both got into Sandy's car, leaving Marla's for a return trip. Marla pulled down the sun visor and looked at her face in its lighted mirror. Sandy's cum was drying on her face, still a little shiny. Her face had the hungry, desperate look she recognized from a few women she'd seen in porn films, the ones who looked like they weren't acting any more, but just going crazy with all the fucking.

"You look great, baby," Sandy declared. "You look so fucking hot I'm tempted to just take you home right now and fuck you some more."

"Why don't you baby? Please? Take me home and fuck me, I want it so bad."

"Me too, my love, me too. But there's more we need to do first and I'm going to stick to my plan. Believe me; it will be worth the wait."

"What plan? What are we waiting for?"

"Now, I told you, no questions. But think for a minute, baby. You've had hot sex in your office, in your car, and in a public restroom. Just imagine what's going to happen when I get you behind closed doors."

Marla trembled all over. My God, think about what he'd done to her in public. There would be nothing to hold him back in private. She trembled again, but in fear or passion she couldn't have told you. "We have to wait?"

He laughed, "Just a little longer my hot slut, just a little longer."

A mile or so away from the mall he pulled into a smaller, rundown strip mall off the main road. "Ho ho, well how about that?" Sandy said happily.

"What?"

"I came here for one reason, but realize we can do something else here too. Hungry? 'Cause I'm famished and I bet that little Mexican joint has some good homemade stuff."

'Hungry? She just wanted to go home and fuck, but...actually she hadn't eaten anything (other than Sandy's semen) since breakfast and the thought of some good Mexican food got her stomach rumbling right away. "A little, I guess."

"Excellent. You'll need to keep your strength up for the rest of the day, wouldn't want you passing out from hunger right in the middle of the fun," he laughed, pulling into a parking spot right in front of "Madre Anna's" -- "The Real Taste of Old Mexico."

They had arrived in between the lunch and dinner crowds and so had the place to themselves. The chips and salsa they were served while waiting for their meals were hot and tasty, obviously nothing out of a bag or jar here at Madre Anna's. Marla sipped her ice tea to cut the burn from the tangy salsa. She nearly choked on it with Sandy's next words.

"I can really see my cum on your face with the sun hitting you that way...so fucking hot!" He laughed when she almost spit up her drink and said, "Don't worry, baby, it's only because I know what it is. It's just some clear, shiny patches most people won't even notice -- unless we run into more of the kind of people we've had so much fun with today. Somehow I suspect Angie would know what it is right away, and Beth too from what you said."

Marla took another sip to clear her throat, then she had to smile too. "And the girls in Victoria's Secret? I thought I was going to lose it when that one little whore sniffed her finger after squeezing my panties. And you, you dirty old man, throwing my unmentionables up there fore everyone to see? What were you thinking?"

"I was thinking how hot my wife is and that everyone else should know it too. I was also throwing bait into the water, helping you see just how many horny people are surrounding us everyday."

"You're sure right about that," she agreed. "Is there always this much sex in the air and I just haven't noticed?"

"Now that your sex radar has been turned on you're going to notice it alright. Half the people you see on the street are probably thinking about fucking you, baby."

She laughed, "Well that will certainly make me feel comfortable as I walk around. What about you? Obviously your sex radar is very well tuned. Have you been going around teasing horny women or pulling a 'Jim' with some slut in a Men's room?"

Sandy leaned forward toward her. "Marla," he said in his Master voice. "Who has the power?"

"You do," she said in a hypnotized voice.

"That's right, and power is only good if you use it." Then he sat back, making room for the waiter who'd arrived with their meals.

She'd really been looking forward to her enchilada, but now her mind was preoccupied with Sandy's comment. Did he mean that he had been out using his power? Out picking up horny bitches in malls?

"Mm, this is good," he said around a mouthful of burrito. "Baby, you're not eating? Try it, it's great."

Mechanically she cut off a piece and placed it in her mouth, but didn't really taste it. Had some other woman sucked him off in a Men's room? Had he sucked some other woman's pussy to climax in her office?

Sandy leaned forward again. "Marla? Remember what I said about cheating earlier?" She wasn't sure, what had he said? "It's not cheating if the other person knows about it and agrees to it. When I married you I knew I was giving up my wild man days and all the loose pussy I used to tap. But I was happy to do it because I believe in our marriage." She smiled goofily and the taste came back into her mouth. "So, no, I haven't cheated on you. Well, maybe teased a few horny wenches, but that's all," he laughed. She laughed too, he'd always been a flirt -- she couldn't expect that to change.

His voice dropped in tone again as he went on. "So, if you'd gone back into that Men's room and licked young Jim's cock clean or sucked him off to another climax, that wouldn't have been cheating, would it?"

Eyes wide and heart beating, "N-no?"

"No. All that cum he sprayed on the wall, I know you would have gobbled it down, wouldn't you?"

"I, I..."

"Love sucking cock? Love drinking cum?"

Her face flushed red, but she couldn't turn away from his burning gaze. "Yes."

"So the next time some young stud let's you know he'd like to have a party in your mouth you can say, yes, if you want to. You understand?"

Softly. "Yes."

"What's the only thing you have to do to make it not be cheating?"

She thought for a moment. "Tell you?"

He smiled at her like a proud professor with a favorite pupil. "Tell me, tell me all about it. I may spank you for it or I may just fuck the hell out of you, but you'll tell me about it, won't you?"

"Yesss."

"And if some horny salesgirl or lonely housewife begs to suck my cock, what should I do?"

Marla imagined it, Sandy with another woman? Sandy fucking some stranger's face? Fucking it hard, fucking it while Marla held the woman steady, held the woman down so Sandy could have his way with her! Suddenly she was ravenous and took a big bite of her food. Chewing rapidly, mouth full, she answered forcefully, "Fuck her slut mouth, give her so much spunk she's choking on it, make her happy!"

Sandy laughed wickedly and so did Marla. She slipped off a shoe and massaged her husband's crotch with her toes the way she had the shoe stud. They both dug into their food with good appetite, making quick work of their meals.

When they stood up to pay their bill, Marla saw Sandy's cock clearly straining against his pants. He didn't make any move to cover it up and Marla didn't want him to, she wanted the waiter to know what she'd done to her man. The poor young Mexican kid looked flustered as he rang them up. Yes, he'd noticed the gringo had a hard on, but he was really more interested in the white slut's tits, those fucking big tits were heaving up and down with her heavy breathing.

Sandy noticed where the kid was looking and smiled. "What's your name?" he asked the bedazzled youth.

'Oh, shit', Jose thought, 'is he going to kick my ass for staring at his wife?' "Jose," he answered in a whisper.

"Well, Jose, that was some damn fine food and you did a good job serving it. I was going to leave you a couple of bucks for a tip, but how would you like to see my wife's tits instead?"

Marla's mind was thinking, 'He got me again!', but her hands seemed to be in Sandy's control as she reached up and squeezed her hot globes at the boy.

"Tits?" Jose stammered, not really answering, but asking.

"Tits it is," Sandy declared happily, turning to Marla.

Swiftly the woman undid her blouse, stroking her hand across the bra-covered mounds. Then she yanked the bra up, exposing her round, white tits with their big, brown, swollen nipples. Slowly she cupped the magnificent mounds of flesh, pinching each sensitive nub between thumb and forefinger.

Jose's jaw dropped open and, Sandy noticed, so did the cook's in the back who was watching the action through the food service window. And hot action it was, Marla was really going for it. The hypercharged woman released her breasts, but kept hold of the nipples, pulling them out away from her chest until she whimpered in painful pleasure, then she let them snap back.

Jose, Sandy and the cook all groaned.

Finally, grabbing a tit in each hand she forced them up and together, then leaned her head down and licked each of the hot brown tips with a moan. Then with a sultry smile she pulled her brassiere back in place and buttoned the bottom three blouse buttons, leaving the bra and cleavage clearly exposed. "We really enjoyed it here," she purred to the stunned boy. "I'm sure we'll be back again, real soon." Then she was putting her arm out and Sandy took it with a laugh, walking her out in their new trademark style.

The door hadn't closed all the way behind them when the cook came running out of the kitchen and grabbed Jose, "A Dios mio! I love this fucking country."

Smiling dopily, Jose agreed, "God bless America!" 


Chapter 13

Outside the restaurant Marla blew out a big breath and Sandy broke out laughing as he gathered her up in his arms, "Oh, baby, you're incredible, that was great!"

"So I did good, huh?" with a wink.

"Fuckin-ay, your training's going better than I ever hoped."

She squealed, pushed him up against the wall and hit him on the chest, "My training?! My training?"

He grabbed her shoulders and spun her around so now she had her back up against the wall, then he grabbed her tits and leaned in close. "Your slut training. You've always has these wild thoughts, but now you're learning how to act on your fantasies." He pinched her nipples just as she'd done in the restaurant. Squeezing them tightly he asked, "Are you enjoying your training?"

Her eyes closed as she swooned from the wonderful pain in her breasts. In a breathless voice she answered, "Yes, yes. Teach me more."

He released her nipples, but continued to crush each breast in a strong hand as he leaned in and gave her a deep, probing kiss. "Oh, believe me," he said staring into her gleaming eyes, "there are many more good lessons yet to come. Are you ready?"

"Oh, yes! Take me home and train me."

"Just one more stop to make," he replied. "Remember I said there were two things we needed to do in this shopping center." He released her breasts, took her arm and guided her down the sidewalk.

Looking ahead she saw a liquor store. "Oh, are we picking up some wine?"

"No, there won't be much drinking today; nothing happens because someone's drunk and loses control. Everything that happens to you will be because you want it to happen and I know you want it to happen because you gave all control over to me."

A little anxiety made Marla burst out, "Oh, Sandy, are you going to hurt me?" She immediately bit her lip, knowing she'd spoken out of turn.

Sandy gave her a look, but decided to let this one slide. "Did it hurt when I pinched your nipples?"

"Yes," she admitted.

"Did it hurt when I swatted your bare ass in the mall?"

Her face flushed at the memory. "Yes..."

"Yes, I'm going to hurt you some more. Do you want me to stop?"

He could just barely hear her answer. "No."

He stopped and faced her. "Did it hurt when you pulled your nipples out at that waiter?"

"Yes."

"Do it again, pinch your nipples until they hurt."

Marla immediately grabbed her nubs, but it was hard to get a good grip through her bra. Her blouse was already half undone, so she just reached inside and lifted the bra above her breasts like she'd done for Jose. The hot brown nuggets were jutting out like pencil erasers and she pinched each one between thumb and forefinger and started squeezing. Her eyes closed and soon a high pitched whine started in the back of her throat. "Harder," her master commanded.

"Oooh, mmmmm, uh, uh, uh," she panted and moaned. Her knees felt weak and she took a step back, leaning on the wall, but not releasing her tight grip.

"Now twist and release."

She gave each sensitive nub a vicious twist before letting them go and collapsing against the wall gasping. Her instinct was to cover the poor abused nuggets with her hands, but even without being told she knew that wasn't what Sandy wanted so she just placed her palms flat against the brick behind her. Her tits thrust through the half open blouse as her chest heaved, the nipples an angry red and standing out even farther than before.

Sandy leaned down and dragged his tongue across one of the abused cherries. Marla let out half a scream before biting on her hand to quiet the noise. Then he moved to the other breast and sucked the globe into his mouth, attacking the sore nipple with his tongue. Again she screamed into her hand as pain shot through her, shot from her nipple to her clit like an electric charge and suddenly her pussy was flowing with juices.

Her loving husband raised his head and looked at her with fire in his eyes while she whimpered around her hand, struggling to catch her breath. Finally he reached in and gently pulled her bra back over her fuck handles. In a low, throaty voice he said, "Those are going to bruise. And when they do I'm going to tit fuck you. And the bruises won't make me feel sorry for you, they'll make me want to fuck you harder."

"Fuck me harder," she agreed. "Bruise me more with your hard fucking." Then they were desperately grabbing each other and kissing like overworked teenagers.

They didn't break it off until Marla happened to open her eyes and saw some real teenagers staring at them from in front of the liquor store. She moved her kisses to the side of Sandy's face and whispered in his ear, "We have an audience."

Sandy turned to look at the grinning kids, two boys and a girl. He turned back to Marla with a smile, gave her his arm and walked toward the youngsters. The bold young rats just smiled more and Sandy smelled the sweet scent of marijuana, 'Ah', he thought. The older couple stopped in front of the kids and Sandy asked with a smile, "Playing hooky? Why not in school?"

The taller of the two boys answered, "We thought we'd learn more from the Sex Ed class you two were giving." The girl gasped and then she and the other boy giggled.

Sandy laughed at the kid's quick wit and said, "Well we're always happy to help young people who are eager to learn."

The boy laughed too, then said, "Hey, if you really want to help us out, how about buying a six-pack for us in there?" tilting his head toward the liquor store.

Sniffing the air, Marla said with a smile, "You sure you really need beer, seems like you're doing okay already."

"Yeah, well, unfortunately all our other 'refreshments' are finished, so a couple of beers will have to do. Unfortunately, being old enough to vote in this state doesn't make you old enough to buy beer."

"Who's driving?" asked Sandy.

"No one," answered the shorter boy. "Too many fucking cops cruising around to risk getting busted – we party on foot."

"Excellent. Because of your common sense party plan I'll be glad to get you some refreshments."

The teens all smiled and the quick-witted one handed over a $5 bill, "Thanks, man."

Sandy and Marla walked into the small store and Sandy headed back to the beer cooler while Marla waited by the checkout stand.

When they came back out Sandy handed the bag with the beer to the tall boy. Marla handed a smaller bag to the girl and said, "Use these or the beer, but not both."

"Huh? What is it?" She reached in the bag and brought out a small box. It took her a second to register what they were. "Rubbers?!" she squealed. The two boys' jaws just dropped open.

"Like I said, use one or the other, the beer OR the rubbers. If they have to get you drunk, or you have to be drunk to fuck them, then you shouldn't be fucking them. But if you are going to, then make sure you're protected. No accidents either way, right?"

The girl had gone bright red and even the tall smart alec was speechless. "You think I'm going to...? That I would..."

Marla reached out a hand and tousled the short boy's long, stringy hair. "Well, this one does need a haircut, but otherwise they're pretty cute." She nodded her head, "Yep, I'd fuck 'em." Then squinting at the two slack mouthed boys she said, "If they know how to treat a girl right before, during And after, that is. Swinging dicks who act like dickheads aren't worth a woman's time. Well, you kids have a good time and keep thinking smart, like about the car." With that she linked her arm through Sandy's and the two once again left stunned and horny people in their wake.

A few steps away Sandy said, "Well done, my love."

"Our good deed for the day," agreed Marla, then both broke out laughing, squeezing their arms tighter together.


Chapter 14

A few steps farther down Sandy pulled Marla to a stop in front of a shop door. She'd thought they were walking in front of an empty store since the picture windows were blacked out, but now she noticed the words 'Pleasure Emporium' painted in purple on the black window of the door. Below that was a white sticker saying, 'No one under 21 admitted.' "What is this place?" she asked.

Pulling the door open and waving her in Sandy answered with a smile, "Why, your friendly neighborhood porn shop and sex store." She turned her head up at him with eyes and mouth in wide 'O's and he gave her a gentle nudge on the hip to keep her moving into the store. They dodged through some hanging beads and entered a dimly lit shop that smelled of burning incense.

Once through the beads Sandy stopped alongside as Marla scanned the scene in front of her. In racks across the floor were rows and rows of videotapes and DVDs. More ran along shelves on the side and back of the store. Over there was a spinning paperback rack filled with books; behind it were magazine racks. On the other wall was a pegboard with all sorts of objects hanging from hooks. Some racks in front of the wall seemed to hold clothing.

Marla laughed and turned to face Sandy. "After all I've been through today did you really think a dirty book store would shock me?"

"Don't think of it as a dirty book store," he replied in his most professor-like voice. "Think of it as a school supply store." Seeing the question on her face he continued. "If you'll remember, someone still has some lessons and training ahead of her." Marla nodded dumbly. "Well, here we'll find some of the things we need to get the most out of those lessons. Come."

He strode off toward the pegboard wall and Marla scurried after, looking nervously around the room again. 'I'm the only woman in here,' she realized. 'Not really surprising though, is it? Whoa, there is another woman here!' Behind the counter, lazily smoking a cigarette was a young girl, maybe college age. 'What's a hot chick like that doing working in a place like this? Poor kid,' Marla thought.

By then she'd caught up to Sandy and could see that the wall held a wide assortment of sex toys and gadgets. Her mouth went dry. Sandy picked up a hand basket from a pile on the floor and handed it to Marla. "Hold that, will you, baby?"

He reached up and pulled some kind of pink thing off the wall and dropped it in her basket. Looking down Marla saw it was a satin blindfold. "Blindfold?" she asked in a small voice.

Sandy turned back to her with something else to add to the basket. "Blind trust." He stared into her eyes, "You trust me, right?"

She gulped. "Yes," she whispered. Looking down at his second selection she saw more pink satin material – long sashes they looked like. 'Strong and Soft' the package proclaimed. 'Gentle Bondage' it promised. Marla gulped again. He was going to blindfold her and tie her up? That was scary. But then why was her pussy starting to tingle again? Marla closed her eyes and saw an image of herself blindfolded and struggling against her bonds as Jim and Jose played with her tits. Her eyes flew open, Jim and Jose!? Oh fuck, Sandy really had turned her into a slut.

Now Sandy was holding a small package in front of her. "Hm, I hadn't planned on these, but after your hot titty twisting in the restaurant and outside, maybe you'd like to add them to our list?"

Marla focused and read the package in front of her. 'Nipple-Pins'. Two rubber coated spring clips were connected by a chain. The picture had a cartoon of a huge-breasted woman with the clips on her nipples and the chain between her teeth. A jolt went through Marla's nipples like it had outside, but her face was uncertain. Sandy put them back on the hook, "Maybe next time," he mused.

Now they were at the section of the wall with the dildoes and vibrators; Marla couldn't believe how many different kinds there were. Sandy reached up and took down two shrink-wrapped dildoes. They were both huge, life-like rubber cocks. "9 Thick Inches!" screamed the labels. Molded veins ran the length of the monsters, from balls at one end to blunt heads big as large plums. The only difference was that one was pink, the other black. "Have you ever fucked a black man, baby?" Marla could only shake her head no, staring at the club in her husband's hand. "Okay, big black cock it is," and dropped the black dildo in the basket. 'He expected her to put that thing inside of her?! He expected her to take this fucking monster inside her pussy? Big fucking monster forcing its way into her tight, wet pussy?' Hypnotized, Marla reached into the basket and touched the obscene black toy. Picking it up she suddenly found herself flashing back to the shoe store, 'Was Jim's cock this big?' She closed her eyes and concentrated on the feel of the latex rod in her hand and the memory of the young guy's bulge through his pants. My God, he may have been this big. She squeezed the toy hard, the way she had the shoe salesman. Then she was remembering all the cum that the salesman had sprayed on the bathroom wall while listening to her fuck and suck her husband.

Suddenly Sandy's hand was grabbing her arm tightly. "Marla, are you alright? You look like you're going to pass out." She shook her head and opened her eyes, breathing deeply to calm her jagged nerves. "No, I'm okay, it's just stuffy in here."

"Okay, we're almost done," he promised, then he turned away with a sly smile on his face. He knew 'swooning' when he saw it and he had also seen the way she was clutching the big black dildo.

"Just two more teaching aids should do it," he declared, taking two more packages from the wall. One was a string of small balls strung together like some kind of necklace or something. The other was another dildo, but short, smooth and slender; not at all like the big, bumpy, black monster. He held the more delicate dildo in front of her. "This one's for your ass," he explained, then dropped the package into the basket. "And these balls we're going to shove all up into your hot cunt, then pull them out, one...at...a...time. We can also play that game in your ass, but I'll let you decide, how about that?"

Marla was speechless, but her cunny was twitching with the thought of the abuse Sandy had planed for her.

"Okay, just one more thing," he said happily, taking the basket from her. "Let's go pick out a video." He took her elbow and turned her back toward the rows of pornos. She could see each section was labeled like in a regular video store, only instead of Action, Adventure and Romance she saw Bondage, Amateur and Gangbang.

"Baby," she moaned, "I don't need any video to get in the mood. Hell, if I was any more in the mood I'd fuck you right here."

He wrapped an arm around her and nuzzled her cheek. "Hmm, that is an idea, but I'll wait until I get you home." She looked at him crossly and he laughed. "You're right baby, we don't need a video tonight, but it's not for tonight, it's for some other time in the future. I just want you to pick it out now while you're feeling hornier and nastier than you ever have before. Pick out as many as you like. Hell, they say you shouldn't go grocery shopping when you're hungry, but I think porn shopping when you're horny makes perfect sense. Go ahead, baby, what kind of nastiness are you in the mood for?"

Marla started looking at the video boxes with a different eye. The boxes all jumped out with graphic photos that enflamed her mind. Girl on girl, guy on guy, fancy professional films, cheap homeshot videos, facial cum shots, all anal, teenagers, old people... Marla found herself drawn to the Amateur section; she wanted to see real people, not actresses paid to fake it. A lot of cheap packaging here, but there was a box that caught her eye with a high quality photo on the front, two women on their knees surrounded by a dozen or more guys. The men you could only see from the chest down, all naked, all sporting erections of various shapes and sizes. The two women were smiling directly at the camera, each holding two hard cocks in her hands, other cocks pressing against their cheeks. "Like MILF, Like Daughter" said the title. In medium print alongside the main picture, "Mom teaches daughter how to gangbang." Marla flipped the box over and read, "Carly's teenage slut adventures left her with baby Cindy, and now, 18 years later, Carly's introducing her baby girl to her mom's wild sex life." And, "Cindy's an eager student; watch as Mom teaches her how to take two cocks into her ass at the same time and a whole lot more." There were a series of images from the movie scattered over the back. In one, the women were cheek to cheek as two hard cocks poked in front of their lips. 'My God,' Marla thought looking at the women. 'It's true', it really is her mom.' The similarity between the two was obvious and since Carly had apparently only been a teenager herself when she got pregnant with Cindy she was still hot and sexy, the two almost could have been sisters. In another photo Carly was pulling apart her daughter's ass cheeks while a huge cock forced its way into her tiny butthole. Marla gasped and gulped.

"Like that one?" Sandy whispered in her ear. She jumped.

"I – I, what's a MILF?" she said lamely, trying to cover her excitement.

"Mom's I'd Like to Fuck", answered Sandy. "It's usually the 'fuck your best friend's mother fantasy." Looking at the picture on the front he whistled, "That is definitely a MILF."

"She's teaching her daughter to be a slut," Marla said in awe.

"Like I'm teaching you, huh?" Marla blushed, but nodded. "Gee, I wonder what your mom would think if she saw you in here – or in your office – or in the shoe store – or..."

It was like she was someone else, it couldn't really be her saying, "I think she'd like slut training." Marla's mouth snapped shut with a click.

"Well, well. Your mom's, what, about 50? But looking good. Yeah, she could still be a MILF." Marla giggled nervously. "But who would do her training?" Sandy continued. "Me – or you?" Marla groaned.

"I think it's time to take you home now," he said in a deep voice.

They walked to the front of the store and put their shopping basket on the counter, 'Like MILF, Like Daughter' on top. The sales clerk rang up each item and put it in a plain white plastic bag. Sandy looked at some of the items under the glass top of the counter and asked the young woman, "Which of these sex lubes is best?" Marla turned her eyes to the floor.

The girl smiled and took a tube and a jar from under the counter. "Well, if I was going to be trying to shove that black mamba into my twat I'd use the Jaxon's Sex Butter" she said while holding up the jar. Marla looked up in wonder. "On the other hand, if I was going to be doing a lot of fucking, say, pulling a train," Marla's eyes got even wider, "then I'd want this HappyTime Gel so I could get lubed up quick and easy." She stared straight into Marla's eyes a moment, then turned to Sandy. "So," she asked with a wicked smile, "what kind of action are we looking at tonight?"

Sandy's answering smile was just as evil. "We'll take both." The girl laughed as she took his credit card and rang up the sale.

As they turned to leave the counter girl said, "Have fun, honey, but remember..." Marla turned back. "Don't do anything I wouldn't do." Then she added with a wink, "But of course, there isn't anything I wouldn't do."


Chapter 15

Sandy climbed behind the wheel and Marla immediately slid across and into his arms; the two disappeared in a desperately horny kiss. Finally he pushed her away and inserted the key in the ignition. "Home," was all he said as he turned the engine over.

"Now," Marla answered with a low growl. While he tried to concentrate on backing out of their parking spot she was getting his zipper open and working his hard cock loose from its restraints. As soon as the hot meat was poking through his fly she dropped on it like a hungry dog, swallowing the tube steak in one gulp. Sandy hit the brakes and closed his eyes for a moment to regain his mental balance. A horn honk from behind brought him back to the real world, somebody was waiting for him to get moving through the small parking lot. Sandy slipped it into drive and carefully guided them onto the streets toward home, Marla's head bobbing busily up and down in his lap.

Fortunately it wasn't too far and Sandy somehow made it into their driveway without hitting anything or anyone. Turning off the engine he leaned back in his seat and relished the intensity with which his wife pistoned up and down onto his iron rod. It was almost explosion time when Sandy noticed movement across the front yard. Johnny, the neighborhood teen who cut their grass had just pushed his lawnmower into their yard. The kid raised his hand in greeting just as Sandy filled Marla's gulping mouth with another helping of his hot seed.

Since he came so hard earlier in the mall bathroom, his load was not as full as before and his wife was able to happily swallow all his man cream, except for a tongue full she kept in her mouth. She raised her head out of his lap with a big smile and then opened her mouth to show what she had inside. She stuck out her tongue with its coating of spunk and then theatrically pulled it back in and swallowed her treasure with a big gulp and an appreciative, "Mmmmm." As she was sensuously licking her lips her eyes suddenly went wide in shock as they finally focused beyond her husband and saw Johnny Taylor walking up to the car.

Sandy grinned hugely at her; then rolled down his window. "Hey, Johnny, how's it going?"

"Good, Mr. Carson," the boy answered as he put his hand on the edge of the window and leaned down. "Oh, hi, Mrs. Carson, I didn't see you there," he added when he caught sight of Marla.

'Thank, God,' she thought to herself, desperately hoping no telltale white cream still clung to her lips. "Hi, Johnny," she squeaked.

"So what's up, Johnny?" asked Sandy.

Johnny was struck by Marla's almost guilty look, as if he had caught her doing something she shouldn't. It also struck him that the hot MILF looked even foxier than usual. He mentally shook his head and broke off his stare, in time, he hoped. "Not much," he answered. "I was just going to do your lawn, but you're home earlier than usual. Would you like me to come back another time?"

"No, it's no problem. No time like the present, right? Let 'er rip."

"Okay, I'll be out of here in a half hour or so. See you later, Mrs. Carson, bye, Mr. Carson." Johnny turned back toward his lawnmower.

Sandy laughed when he saw the look of anxiety on Marla's face. "Relax, baby, he didn't even know you were in the car, so he certainly didn't see that wonderful blowjob." Marla grimaced and flushed. "But I'm sure he would have loved it – although not as much as I did."

Marla punched his shoulder. "Strangers in the mall is one thing, but I don't want to be picked up for corrupting neighborhood kids."

Still laughing, Sandy fake-rubbed his 'sore' shoulder. "Well, I don't know about the kid part with Johnny. That's not the scrawny 14-year old who started cutting our lawn all those years ago. He's a senior in high school now, isn't he? He's probably already 18."

"Even so, it's probably better if he isn't gossiping with the other neighborhood teens about Mrs. Carson giving Mr. Carson head in the driveway."

"Hmm. Yeah, you're probably right," he laughed. Sandy grabbed the Pleasure Emporium bag from the back seat and got out of the car.

Johnny very slowly pushed his mower forward as he watched the hot woman walk to the front door. He had never seen her in such a sexy outfit before and hoped his big sunglasses kept them from seeing how he was ogling those long legs and big tits. Mr. Carson unlocked the door, and then turned to wave goodbye to Johnny, causing the guilty teen to stumble. Mrs. Carson raised her hand in farewell as the boy caught himself in time to watch that fantastic ass bounce through the door.


Chapter16

Closing the door behind her, Marla collapsed against it. "Wow, that was close."

Sandy took her in his strong arms and pulled her tight. "That last part was an unexpected surprise, but not a problem." "The part just before it, however," he growled, "was amazing." He pressed his lips to hers and stroked her hair. She slowly responded, returning his kiss. The passion climbed and soon their tongues were wrestling.

Marla pulled back a little and gave him a wicked smile. "I'm just glad he didn't show up any sooner and prevent me from my second helping of your delicious cum." She leaned back in and thrust her tongue deep into his mouth. "Can you taste it?" she breathed as they separated again.

"Yes. Nowhere near as good as your sweet pussy, but it tastes sexy in your hot mouth." They kissed some more.

"You said you would have liked to see me suck Danforth Jim's cock," she challenged. "Would you have kissed me like this afterwards?"

"Ho ho," he laughed. "Well, my darling, I'm afraid that if that is your fantasy I am going to have to disappoint you. The idea of you sucking and fucking my cock and another is exciting, but it's always about us on you, never us on each other."

"But you thought it would be just fine if I got down with Beth or Angie. You big hypocrite," she smiled.

"You got me there," he admitted. "I would love to see another woman eat you and you to eat her, but the idea of guy on guy sex does not compute for me; if I was a woman I'm sure I'd be a lesbian."

"And if don't want to eat another woman?"

Sandy tilted his head and thought for a moment, then looked deep into her eyes. "I've already made you do a lot of things today that you probably never would have agreed to if I had asked you ahead of time, haven't I?"

Softly, "Yes."

"I'm going to surprise you with more things like that, more things I think you will enjoy even if you can't imagine them now. But I'll make you a deal; if you really do not like something then I won't make you do it. Only fair I guess if I'll only eat my own creampie out of your pussy." They both laughed and she hugged him tight.

"Thank you, baby," she purred. Then she pouted, "Are you sure you won't let me watch you suck another guy's cock?"

He laughed. "Yeah, pretty damn sure."

She dropped to her knees in front of him, reached through his still open fly, pulled his shrinking cock back out and took it in her mouth. He moaned from the sensation of her sucking him clean. She released him and said, "But it tastes so good." She took him back inside and her talented mouth made his joint twitch with life despite its recent explosion. "And it feels so good when it grows in my mouth." Again she swallowed him whole, then backed off and sucked on just the head. Cupping his balls in one hand and stroking his shaft with the other, she rubbed the soft knob across her smiling lips. "But don't worry, baby," she said with a laugh in her voice, "seeing a dick in your mouth just doesn't compute for me either. But this sure as hell does," and she sucked him again.

Suddenly, he grabbed her head and yanked back from her seeking mouth. "Okay," he gasped. "That's enough for now." Grabbing the backs of his thighs for leverage Marla tried to catch his meat with her full, dick-sucking lips. With a laugh Sandy put his hands on her shoulders and pushed her away. Marla settled on her bottom with a frustrated look.

"Oh, don't you worry," he soothed. "You'll have more cock in your mouth soon. But remember, baby, it's still early, plus we have all day tomorrow and don't have to do anything Saturday until your 'official' party at 7:00. We're going to pace ourselves so we get the most out of all that free time." Her look changed from frustration to anticipation. "Right now I want you to go draw a hot bubble bath and climb in."

"And what will you be doing?" she said with a sexy edge.

Suddenly he stepped forward, grabbed a handful of hair and bent her head back. "What will I be doing?" he demanded with a snarl.

Marla's eyes flew open in fear, then excitement. "Whatever you want?"

"That's right." He released her hair and his hand slid to her cheek, cradling it gently. "I have my present in my house behind closed doors. It's time for some more training."

"Yes, Master," she sighed happily as the slow burn returned to her pussy.

"Bubble bath," he said simply and she hustled to her feet and headed down the hallway to their bedroom and the master bath.

He walked into the kitchen, bent over the sink and splashed cold water on his face. Some deep breaths as he wiped dry with a dish towel and he was ready to consider his next move. He stared at the wall phone just a moment before picking it up and punching in a number. A few words passed, then he was hanging up with a wicked smile. Humming happily he selected a bottle of red wine from the wine rack and pulled the cork. He carried the bottle and a couple of glasses in one hand, snatched up the bag of sex toys as he passed through the living room, then headed to the back of the house after Marla.

When he got to their bedroom Marla was nowhere in sight, but the door to the master bath was open and he could hear the tub filling at full stream. He put the wine and glasses on the dresser, reached into the Pleasure Emporium bag and laid the DVD on the dresser too. Then all the other 'teaching aides' they'd bought came out of the bag and then their wrappers. The blindfold and binding cloths were laid on the bed, the sex lubes on the nightstand, the dildoes and love beads went back into the bag. Sandy made his second visit of the day to Marla's sexy lingerie drawer and laid her next costume on the bed next to the bondage cloths. Finally, his own clothes were coming off and going into the hamper, the shoes tossed behind the bedroom door.

Slowly he walked into the bathroom, wine in one hand, sex bag in the other. He leaned against the door frame to scope out the situation. Marla was leaning back in their big bathtub smiling at him, the water and bubbles just coming up to the bottom of her breasts, but rising.

Returning her smile he crossed the room, placed the wine glasses on the wide ledge of the tub and filled each one. From the plastic bag he pulled each toy out one at a time, dropping them into the water. The big black cock came out last and made an impressive splash as he tossed it in right above his wife's thrumming crotch. She jumped and giggled nervously. He turned off the faucet and eased himself into the wonderfully hot water, settling behind Marla with his legs on either side of her. He took up the glasses of wine and handed one to the hot woman leaning back against his chest. They clinked their glasses in a toast. "Happy Birthday, my love," he purred, kissing her ear. 