Even friends argue occasionally and not all is well between the detectives. Morse is Morse and he's a stubborn man. Too stubborn at times. And it's putting the young friendship to a test when Lewis feels the Chief Inspector has gone too far. He's not willing to take the matter to the Chief Superintendent but his anger needs release. 

Investigation of the disappearance of Valerie Craven 

The house of the deceased Cheryl Baines 

"Good day, Lewis," Max greets the Sergeant when he arrives. 

"Sir." 

The absent minded greeting makes Max take a second look at Lewis. "What's he done?" 

"Who?" Lewis looks puzzled. 

"Morse! I've seen that look on people's faces before. What's the old fool done this time?" 

Lewis looks away. "I'd rather not say, Sir." 

"Come on, you can tell me. I don't think there's much about Morse that can still shock me. And talking is going to make you feel better." They reach the side of the body of Cheryl Baines at the bottom of the stairs. Max puts down his bag and sets to work but stops and look up at Lewis again. "He's really upset you, has Morse." It sounds more like a statement than a question. 

Lewis pulls a face. "Yeah." 

"So?" 

Lewis stares off into the distance for a moment, then crouches down opposite the pathologist. "All this time he keeps telling me Valerie Craven, that missing girl we're looking for, he keeps claiming she's dead. He's been talking as if he wants her to be dead. We've got a letter she sent to her parents but he doesn't believe it's for real." He pauses and looks around, making sure none of the colleagues can eavesdrop. "He even forged a letter to prove how easy it is to meddle with the facts, like. He's really gone too far this time." 

Max has been going about his business while Lewis spoke and now adds his comment without looking up. "That's Morse for you. Once he gets an idea into his head, he's not willing to give it up." 

"Yeah, I know. You can't work with him and not notice. But this..." 

Max looks up at him. "You haven't told anyone about it." 

Lewis glances left and right. "No, of course not." 

Max nods. "You're a good lad, Lewis. You'll deal with the situation. Morse sometimes needs someone to put him back on track. You might be just the man to do it." 

Lewis stands up again, shaking his head. How is he supposed to get Morse back on track? Right now he's simply bloody pissed off at his boss for his behaviour. 

When Morse arrives and comes over to Lewis for a situation report a little while later, the Sergeant can't stop himself, he blows up in Morse's face. It's only once Morse has gone upstairs, that he realizes what he's done and how it seems to have affected his boss. Morse had been speaking surprisingly softly, letting him vent, taking the wigging. Then one of the uniformed colleagues tells him of Morse's request for a drink and Lewis decides it might be a good opportunity to approach Morse again. He fetches the drink and walks up the stairs, not yet sure of his words. To his surprise Morse wants to hear nothing of his apology when he comes to the point. The air between them, however, seems to be clearer. 

But Lewis isn't the only one who's anything but pleased with the Chief Inspector's behaviour. Chief Superintendent Strange shows up at Mrs. Baines's house to talk to Morse. Lewis feels sorry for his boss when Strange sends him off to get himself a coffee. 

A little while later in Morse's Jaguar 

Lewis feels uncomfortable, he doesn't know what exactly Strange told his boss, but it doesn't take a genius to conclude it probably was a good telling off. 

"Sir, I..." he starts. 

"You what?" Morse asks in a resigned tone. 

"Look Sir, I told Max about the letter. I just had to tell someone. But, I never said a word to the Chief Super. I just thought you should know..." 

"I know, Lewis." 

The tone of Morse's voice tells Lewis that he means it. A very heavy weight is lifted off his shoulders. 

Maybe trust isn't broken all that easily after all, just put to the test. The trust between the detectives has been put to the test and it passed.