For Suzie, 'knowledge is power' was more than a cliché. She truly believed it, and was ruthless in her pursuit of knowledge. With this perfume, she wanted to know more – does it just work on women? Does it lower inhibitions? Does it work on the unwilling?

She walked into the office on Monday wearing the scent. Nothing, not even from Tosh and all of Torchwood knew that Dr Toshiko Sato had a thing for Suzie. So there was a proximity issue. It needed to be used much closer to the…subject. Subject was a good word. Victim was possibly more appropriate but Suzie had no intention of being appropriate. Why should she be?

And so Suzie found herself in Owen’s cold, white-tiled domain, listening to his cockney twang describing the various things he’d done to the alien body parts they’d brought back during the week. Exo-skeleton this. Viscous fluid that. She hadn’t bothered to be subtle when she rolled her eyes, nor had she cared when Owen had glared at her. The meeting finally over, she waited for everyone to leave. Owen was looking impatient.

“If you wouldn’t mind pissing off Suzie, some of us have work to do that might, I don’t know, stop us getting killed next time a weevil attacks.”

Now there’s a thought. Would this scent work on weevils? Suzie shuddered at the thought.

Owen had apparently not stopped talking “…too cold for you down here, then you know where you can go.”

“Well yes, it is a little chilly down here.” Suzie slipped the bottle out of her pocket and held it behind her back, “but I have an idea on how to change that.” She depressed the button, feeling the mist reach as far as her bare neck and hearing it settle over her hair.

Owen looked confused and angry. It was a good look for him, reminding Suzie as it did of a frustrated hamster. Then the confused faded and angry was left behind. She hadn’t thought of this, that maybe the spray worked differently on men. Maybe instead of inspiring Lust, it was closer to Wrath.

She slipped the bottle in her pocket and began to back away towards the stairs, eyes carefully focused on Owen. She was fairly sure she could take him down, but then she wasn’t sure. It had never been necessary before. For every step she took back, he took one forward. She felt the curve of the staircase behind her and turned for just a second to see if she could reach up to the handrail, rather than walking around to the bottom step. That was her second mistake. Her first had been thinking Owen was just angry.

By the time she turned to face Owen again, he was on top of her. She lashed out at him and he caught her hands, tried to kick but he’d pressed himself against her, spreading her legs with his own and holding them apart. Before she could consider her next move, he smashed his mouth against hers. Shock and self-satisfaction made her smile, giving Owen a way in.

There was her evidence. Works on men too. Still couldn’t be sure if it worked on the unwilling, given that this was Owen. So long as it was female and attractive (terms under which Suzie thought she qualified), he was willing and, if the hardness pushing into her thigh was any indication, very able.

“God you’ve needed this, you stuck up bitch,” Owen murmured into her mouth. “Been meaning to do it for months.”

That completely ruled out unwilling. Nevermind, she had an idea for that test.

The grip on her hands loosened and she slid one out from under Owen’s grasp, reaching around his neck and curling it through his hair. She preferred longer, but needs must. The other stroked down Owen’s back and slunk below his waistband, massaging his arse and pulling him closer still.

At this point, with one of Owen’s hands making its way up the skirt of her dress, Suzie regretted not wearing a skirt and blouse today. As it was, Owen seemed perfectly capable of finding the zip and shoving the straps down her arms. They sat at chest level, her arms preventing the dress from falling to the floor. It was enough, though, as Owen began to massage her breasts through her cotton bra. The rough texture and his rough movements were all the encouragement Suzie needed. She scraped a leg up his and held it around his waist. Owen took the hint and lifted her up further, allowing her to get another leg around his waist and pushed her into the wall.

Suzie pulled away from Owen’s mouth and crooked an eyebrow at him. He got the message; bracing himself against the wall with only one hand, Suzie heard the unmistakeable sound of Owen loosening his fly. She gave a passing throught to when he had last had an STI test, but it was too late to stop for a condom now. She wasn’t sure if Owen even could. Thank god for the Pill, she thought, just before Owen thrust up into her. She had to admire his athleticism. This was not an easy position and he was throwing himself fully into it.

Her shoulders banged into the wall behind her with the first thrust. The force was there, the enthusiasm, but the angle wasn’t quite right. Owen was busy biting down on her neck and didn’t seem to notice when she moved the hand from his hair and down under her skirt. She stroked her clit, matching his rhythm, increasing in speed and coming barely before he did. Her head lolled to one side as Owen slid her back down the wall to her feet. No afterglow here and Suzie told herself she didn’t want it anyway. Owen adjusted himself while she zipped her dress back up.

“Same time next week, then?” Owen said, breathless but still infuriatingly cocky.

“I don’t think so,” Suzie said, scornfully. “Not until you’ve worked out how to make a woman cum without having to do everything herself.”

Suzie walked out, bottle of scent in her pocket brushing her leg with every step. Next time, she had decided, would be someone who would certainly put her first.