The Story of Jenny Part 1 - Friday Night With Jenny

The sound of talking, laughing, and music filled the room at Jenny's house.  As happens during every party, there was soon a lull in the conversation, and Jenny called to him.  When he was by her side, she told him, in front of the four other women in the room, "I want you to strip.  Now."

He looked at her questioningly, and she clarified.  "Take off your clothes - right here, and right now."

The atmosphere became quiet except for the music in the background.  Somewhat nervously, and knowing that he had better do as Jenny commanded, he started to undress in the middle of the living room, in front of all her guests.  He took off his shoes, then socks, followed by his shirt, and then, rather shyly, trousers.  At Jenny's insistence, he had shaved his body from the waist down, including pubic hair, and was quite self-conscious of his appearance in front of Jenny's guests.  Dressed only in his briefs, he looked at Jenny.

"Everything!"  she commanded.  Looking at her smooth bare legs and the short white skirt she was wearing, he slid his briefs down and stepped out of them.

"Put your clothes over there," she ordered, pointing to a corner of the room.  He bent down, picked up his clothes, and placed them on the floor, then arranged them neatly.

"Come over here now," she commanded.  When he was by her side again, she said to her guests, "I'm going to give him a good caning."

There was a hum of interested hushed exclamations from Jenny's guests.

He had an idea that she was going to discipline him when she told him to take off his clothes.  This was to be his first time with an audience - and not just one other person, but four of Jenny's friends.  Her pronouncement that she would use the cane sent a shudder through him since he was familiar with her technique of drawing the caning out to a very lengthy session.  He saw the wide-eyed look of excitement on the other women's faces, and looks of anticipation.  

He knew that Jenny was feeling very sexual at this point, although she showed none of it.  She grasped his penis with her firm fingers, saying, "He usually is quite hard by this point, but since he has an audience..."  Jenny felt the member growing in her hand as she subtly but firmly manipulated it.  All the while he was becoming more embarrassed.  "He must keep himself shaved from the waist down.  I want him that way for his enemas too," she said to his obvious discomfort.

"It's time to start now," Jenny announced.  "Go get that chair and bring it over here in the middle of the room."

She had him place the chair so that his bare bottom would be facing his audience when he bent over the back of it for his caning. 

"Go get the cane!" Jenny ordered.  He did as she ordered, being gone about a minute and, bringing the thin whippy rattan cane, handed it to her.  More interested sounds from the female audience.

"You know what to do now,", she told him.  With a sigh of resignation, he bent over the back of the chair and waited.  "You had better STAY in that position now," she urged as she lightly tapped the cane against his bared, shaved bottom.

Jenny stood to one side, tapped his bottom a few more times, drew the cane far back over her shoulder, and placed a vigorous, whippy stroke across the center of her target.

He quickly drew in his breath and twisted slightly from side to side, obviously trying to avoid any vocal manifestation of his predicament.  A few seconds later, Jenny drew the cane far back again, and placed another red-hot stripe immediately next to the first one.  A whispered groan escaped involuntarily.  A third stripe, immediately to the other side of the first one, evoked a closed-mouthed "mmmmmgph!" from him, and some more writhing.

Addressing the other women, Jenny stated, "He knows to stay in position or he will get more after we're done. It took a lot of practice and many sessions, but now he can pretty much manage, especially since the consequences are not pleasant -- for him."  With that, she delivered three more expertly-placed stripes on his exposed bottom, to the tune of urgent groans escaping his clenched teeth.

Jenny's guests were in awe of the entire scene before them.  They knew that Jenny's expert precision in placement of the cane strokes was due to extensive practice, much of it no doubt on the male now receiving her attention.

By the time Jenny had placed ten strokes on her charge's bottom, it ceased to matter to him that four other women were watching, and he began to vocalize his predicament.  Of course, Jenny knew this and thoroughly enjoyed the situation.  He also had commenced to respond to each vigorous stroke with undulations and agonized writhing and kicking, all the while staying in the bent-over position commanded by Jenny.

He pleaded urgently, knowing that she would take no heed of his immediate pain.  He begged her to stop, to stop only for a moment, knowing that she would not stop until she decided to stop.  "Not so hard," he pleaded, knowing that she would use the whippy cane as hard as she wanted to use it.  He knew that his pleadings, and the phrases which were urgently escaping him, were sweet music to Jenny, and were getting her passionately aroused.

"I like it when he wiggles and squirms like that," Jenny said to her wide-eyed guests.  He knew that the more intense the discipline now, the more intense his later reward would be. This knowledge was no consolation to the most intense desire for any kind of relief from the spirited and energetic strokes with which Jenny was staging her show.

After twenty such strokes, Jenny paused.

She allowed him to stand up now, but told him to stay where he was, while she poured coffee for her guests and visited with them for a while.  Excusing herself for a few moments, she went to the bedroom and slipped off her panties.  Then, again picking up the thin, whippy cane, Jenny coyly whispered in his ear, "I don't have any panties on now, and I'm so hot," and got back to her task in front of her enthusiastic and wide-eyed audience.

The sound of the cane making contact with his bare skin filled the room.  His intense writhing and kicking, and the ever-increasing stridency of his pleading followed each stroke like clockwork.  Jenny was now placing vigorous strokes diagonally across his bottom, each stroke on top of and transversing previous strokes from the first part of the session.  This considerably added to the punishment effect.  She was becoming increasingly aroused with each stroke she delivered.  She reflected on her ability over time to considerably extend his limits of endurance.  The whipping continued...

Whishhhhhh-smack!

"Oh Jenny, Jenny, pleeeeease no more!"

Whishhhhhh-smack!

"Owwwww! Aaaaahh! Stop! Stop just for a minute, please!!"

Whishhhhhh-smack!

"Jennnnnyyyyy!  Noooo!  Oh, Jenny, no more!"

Whishhhhhh-smack!

"Please, Jenny, stop! Please please please!!"

Whishhhhhh-smack!

"Aaaaahhh!  Stop!  Stop!  Please stop now, just for a minute!  Oh, Jenny, Ohhhh!"

Whishhhhhh-smack!

"Owwww! No, Jenny, no, please!"

Whishhhhhh-smack!

On and on it went, each cane stroke bringing forth an entreaty to stop.  On and on it went, with Jenny near ecstacy from wielding the cane so skillfully and with such an effect as she was seeing tonight. The guests were obviously very aroused, some of them squirming, others watching raptly with their knees and legs pressed firmly together.

She stopped, but did not indicate that it was finished.  As she expected, he stayed where he was while her excited guests made small talk and prepared to leave.  A little while later, when they had gone, Jenny again picked up the cane and started whipping his bared, striated bottom anew.  While she did this, she placed her free hand under her skirt and treated herself to several orgasms. More inexorable strokes from the expert and beautiful dominant Jenny, and more twisting, kicking, writhing and supplication from her charge.  

When she sensed that he was truly near the end of his endurance, she stopped and told him to come to her.  He was grateful, of course, though he still intensely felt the pain from all the strokes Jenny had excitedly imparted to his backside.  Jenny sat down on the sofa.  He slowly stood up, went over to her and knelt before her.

Jenny's eyes were wide, her lips parted, and her breathing full.  She hiked up her skirt, spread her knees and he gingerly approached her creamy sweetness with his mouth.  After he treated her to more orgasms, she invited him in.

As was custom after such an intense session, after his first release, she took him to the bedroom and expertly brought him near orgasm several times, finally allowing him release and restful slumber.  Throughout the night when they were awake, he found that whenever he would touch Jenny, she was still in an aroused state from administering the whipping.  They both found intense pleasure in the moments that would follow, then they drifted off to sleep again until the next awakening.

-----
I hope you enjoyed this story. I enjoyed writing it. This work is copyright by the author.  Commercial use is prohibited without permission.  Archiving and reposting of this story unmodified is permitted provided that no fee is charged, either directly or indirectly (including so-called "adult checks") and provided that this disclaimer and attribution to the original author (rick_oh at email.com) are maintained.  My other stories can be seen at http://www.asstr.org/~rick_oh/
