The room is huge, running the length and breadth of the building. The elevator has let them out on one of a series of interconnected catwalks running at least thirty feet above the floor. Guards with long-barreled guns slung over their shoulders patrol the walks while keeping careful eyes on the floor below.

When Sam peers over the side of the railing, he sees that the room has been divided into different areas. To the far right are a number of weight machines; next to them are banks of stationary bikes and Stairmasters. A massive blue mat covers the center of the floor, separated into white squares with red circles inside of them. Men spar inside those circles, overseen by trainers who bark rebukes and suggestions. Just to the left of the mat, where the wood floor resumes, lies an open area where fighters practice with weapons that are probably blunted or fashioned from wood. And at the far end of the Gymnasium sits a scale model of the cage, although this version is unfinished: a curved ring of walls with no top.

“I thought you said there were twelve floors,” Sam says, scanning the floor for his brother.

“There are. Unfortunately, the lower levels are off-limits to anyone but staff. Security reasons.” Vincent steps next to Sam and lays his hands on the rail. “The only exception is the Fenrir’s guest suite.”

“Why’s that?” Sam asks. His heart skips as he catches sight of a broad-shouldered, dark-haired man jogging onto the mat and then slows again. The build is the same, but he doesn’t move right, and there’s no tattoo on his back.

“He’s not allowed above Level Six,” Vincent answers. Leaning on the railing with one elbow and inclining his body toward Sam, he adds, “Actually, he’s not allowed above Level Nine unless he’s fighting. Too risky.”

Which means that Sam can look for his brother all he wants, but he won’t be finding him. His stomach revolts at the thought of Dean trapped under all this earth: God, he must be going stir-crazy. With the sickly taste of nausea strong in his mouth, Sam says, “I thought you said he was tame.”

“Oh, I could take him outside if I wanted,” Vincent agrees. “Let him run around a bit. I’m ninety nine percent certain he wouldn’t try anything. But there’s no point in taking any chances. Besides, he makes a tempting prize. I can’t have people throwing their lives away trying to steal my property: piles up the paperwork.”

Despite the joking tone to his final words, Vincent’s eyes are intent: his face serious. That wasn’t idle conversation: that was a threat. If Sam weren’t too keyed up right now to have any kind of normal reaction, he’d be breaking out into a cold sweat. His heart hammers against his ribcage as he laughs; he’s amazed how easy it sounds.

“Oh man, I’d feel sorry for anyone who tried that. Everything else aside, he’s a handful.” Shaking his head, he leans on the railing. “Don’t get me wrong, I’m having a hell of a time, but it’s a little like playing with fire, isn’t it?”

Vincent studies him long enough that Sam has begun to think that he doesn’t just suspect but knows: that he’s toying with Sam like a cat with a broken-winged canary. Then his expression thaws with the suddenness of the sun coming out from behind a heavy layer of clouds, and he smiles. “A bit, I suppose. He’s worth the effort, though.”

Sam snorts. “Better you than me.”

Vincent gives an absent nod: a motion that declares the subject closed. Stepping back from the railing, he gestures Sam past him. “Would you like to go down for a better look?”

Sam has lost interest in the tour now that he knows he isn’t going to see any of the important bits, but he feigns eagerness anyway. No point in screwing up Simon Carver’s image now. Especially not when he’s already been inside the cage: walked over faded bloodstains on the mat.

The metal staircase they take down lets them out at the base of the wall closest to the weights. There are more guards on the floor, and four of them take up protective flanking positions as they walk through the benches. Men glance up from their routines as they pass, and this close Sam can see what look like prison tattoos on most of them: ink too clumsy and ragged to have been done professionally.

Vincent’s gladiators are a mishmash of race and size, although they all seem to be in top physical condition. The snatches of conversation Sam catches as he passes is a confused babble of tongues, and many of the men seem to be stuck communicating with each other with the universal ‘fuck you’ symbol of hostility.

“Where did you get them all?” Sam asks, avoiding the aggressive glare of a particularly large man with dark skin and startling blue eyes.

“South America, Asia, Africa … I even have one or two from Europe, although it’s more difficult to arrange an extraction from that area. One of my men monitors judicial records around the world. We look for those convicted of particularly violent crimes, and then run a crosscheck with any medical records. If a candidate looks promising, I’ll send an agent to make a more thorough inspection. Maybe one in ten will pass inspection, at which point I begin to make arrangements.”

By now they’ve drawn up to the edge of the blue mat, and Vincent pauses there. Sam stops next to him, watching the closest pair of fighters circle each other. It only takes him a few moments to realize that, although both men are roughly the same size, the blond is vastly outmatched by his opponent. It isn’t skill: it’s the way that the man is moving. He just seems a little faster, a little …

Sam catches a gold glint in the man’s eyes and his breath hitches. When he turns, Vincent is watching him.

“He’s …”

“A berserker? Yes.”

Sam looks back at the man: watches him more carefully. There’s something about the way he moves that is naggingly familiar. After a moment, Sam asks, “What is it?”

“Cobra.”

Sam sees it in sudden clarity. The way the man holds his head: the sharp, darting movements. As he watches, the berserker darts forward, snakes his hand inside the blond’s guard, and catches him across the face with a sharp, open-handed slap.

“Point!” the berserker crows.

“Yeah, yeah,” the blond grunts, rubbing his jaw. They separate a few feet and drop into fighting stances again.

“I thought you said that—” Dean, Sam almost says, and catches himself at the last moment. “—the Fenrir was the only one.”

“He’s the only true berserker,” Vincent corrects. “The rest are just pale imitations.”

Sam already knows that of course, but he feigns confusion because he isn’t supposed to. And also because he wants to know just how far Vincent’s studies have taken him.

“I don’t understand,” he lies.

Vincent eyes him for a long moment, making Sam wonder if he fucked up—if maybe Vincent heard the hesitation of his almost-slip on Dean’s name. Then the man strokes his fingers down his beard and murmurs, “Why not?”

“Why not what?” Sam says, no feigning his confusion this time.

Vincent claps him on the back and he resists the urge to flinch away from the touch. Even though there are two layers between his shoulder and Vincent’s hand, Sam’s skin crawls in revulsion.

“I’ll show you the difference between that—” Disdain distorts Vincent’s normally pleasant voice into something nasty. “—and a true berserker, if you’d like.”

One of their chaperones—a man with an honest-to-God cleft chin and wavy brown hair—clears his throat and says, “Mr. Camargo, that might not be the best idea.”

Vincent’s eyes are cold as they turn on Cleft Chin.

The man goes pale but continues, “The men—they don’t like it. It scares them.”

‘It’ being Dean. ‘It’ being Sam’s brother.

“They should be scared,” Vincent says with a hint of satisfaction. “He’ll be the death of them …that is, if they make it that high in the rankings before someone else does the job.”

Cleft Chin licks his lips and tries again. “Last time you put it in with them, it took them over a month to settle down.”

“I’m not asking for your permission, Mr. Henley. Now, call Mr. Mason and tell him to bring the Fenrir to the Gymnasium. We’re going to give Mr. Carver a little demonstration.”

Cleft Chin still looks unhappy with the situation, but he either isn’t brave enough or stupid enough to risk going against a direct order. Sam watches him trot toward what looks like an intercom box on the wall and then turns his attention back to Vincent.

“Not that I don’t appreciate it, but why are you doing this?”

“Because it’s in my best interest to keep Bela happy, and right now what makes Bela happy is entertaining you.” Vincent sweeps a calculating gaze over his gladiators. “Besides, it does them good to see what they’ll eventually go up against. I think a little fear can be very motivational. Perhaps I’ll make this a monthly exhibition.”

You don’t have a month left with him, you son of a bitch, Sam thinks, but schools his face into an excited expression. He keeps the mask firmly in place as Vincent turns to whistle over one of the trainers: there are too many eyes on him to let his guard drop for even a moment.

The man who jogs over has the open, good-natured smile of a kindergarten teacher. He seems far too boyish to be involved in something like this, but Sam has no doubts that he’s as much of a bastard as the rest of them. How did that quote go again? ‘The devil hath power to assume a pleasing shape’?

“Mr. Camargo! What can I do you?”

“Who’s closest to Odin status?”

Sam is surprised into a short laugh and Vincent tosses him a smile. Sam has no doubt that Vincent is referring to some kind of ranking system among his gladiators. He probably tells them that Odin is the war god, the Allfather.

What he most definitely does not tell them, in his own bit of gallows humor, is that at the end of the world, when Ragnarök comes, the great wolf Fenrir is destined to devour the father of the gods whole.

“Basu,” the boyish trainer answers without hesitation. “He’s got another two weeks of work left, tops, before he’s good to go.”

Vincent’s smile turns predatory. “Put him in the cage. We’re having an exhibition.”
*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~*~
Basu turns out to be a short, Indian man with a twisting scar down one cheek and a tiger tattoo—professional, not prison-make—on his throat. When Sam catches the soft gleam of gold in the man’s eyes, he doesn’t have to wonder what kind of beast is in there peering out at him. Basu doesn’t appear to be worried about the coming exhibition, and Sam can’t figure out if it’s because no one told him who he’s going to be fighting or if the man is just that confident.

“Afternoon, ladies!”

Hank’s voice sets Sam’s teeth on edge, souring the pleasant smile he’s been wearing for the past fifteen minutes. He turns from watching Basu pace, bringing his attention across the room to the stairs he and Vincent came down a little over half an hour ago. The low murmur of conversation in the Gymnasium rises briefly and then dies out as the gladiators see who Hank’s herding in front of him.

From this far away, Sam can’t make out details, but he recognizes the rangy grace of Dean’s movements. A path opens before his brother as they cross through first the weights and then the Stairmasters, and then Dean is stepping onto the mat and is close enough for Sam to see clearly.

His brother’s hair is wet, as though they pulled him out of the shower. He’s wearing a ratty pair of sweatpants and sandals. Nothing around his neck for once, and for a moment Sam can block out everything else and pretend Dean is free.

Then his brother brushes past a man who was standing frozen almost in his path. The man lets out an undignified noise of panic and jerks back, all but running to the edge of the mat.

Dean’s gaze doesn’t lift from his own feet, but the set of his shoulders goes stiff. With his senses as finely tuned as they are, he must be feeling the weight of all those eyes: every single man in the room staring at him as he moves. He has to be able to smell the sour fear, and the hostility.

Dean has always prided himself on his ability to get along with other people; unlike Sam, he genuinely likes just about everyone he meets, as much as he’d never admit to it. This kind of response has to be killing him, even if it is just a room full of cons.

Sam knows the moment his brother realizes that he’s here because Dean’s gait hitches before evening out again. Dean still hasn’t raised his head, can’t have seen him yet, wouldn’t have recognized him anyway thanks to the Protean charms, and for a moment Sam can’t figure out what gave him away. Then he remembers Dean fighting blind, using his sense of smell to track his opponents, and realizes that his brother can smell him.

At least fifty feet away in a room filled with the pungent odor of a hundred sweating men and Dean is able to separate Sam’s scent from the rest of the throng.

As Dean crosses the final stretch of floor between the mat and the cage, Hank peers around him and spots Sam. His face breaks into a smile bordering on insolent and he calls, “Well, if it isn’t Harvard!”

“Manners, Mr. Mason,” Vincent says, but his tone is indulgent and Hank just rolls his shoulders in a loose shrug as he and Dean draw to a stop.

Dean finally raises his eyes, less than three feet away and as distant as the moon. He doesn’t so much as glance at Sam, focusing intently on Vincent instead. Stepping forward, Vincent puts a hand on Dean’s shoulder and rubs his skin the way a man might caress his favorite horse.

Sam’s vision whites out in a single, rabid Mine. He digs his nails into the palm of his hand to keep himself from charging Vincent right here and now: getting himself shot by one of the thirty-odd guards before he got more than a punch in, more likely than not. When the suicidal urge to tear the man apart with his own hands fades, Vincent is still touching his brother.

“You remember Simon Carver, don’t you?” Vincent says, nodding toward Sam.

“Yeah,” Dean says.

“Say hello,” Vincent prods.

Dean’s eyes flicker vaguely in Sam’s direction without actually landing on him. “Hello, sir,” he says tonelessly.

Vincent’s hand strokes out of view, trailing back over the place Sam knows the tattoo lies. Sam can read the implicit ‘good boy’ in the gesture and wants, desperately, to puke. The rich lunch Vincent fed him shifts alarmingly in his stomach.

“I’m giving Simon a tour and he was curious about the difference between our Fenrir and the rest of these mongrels. I’d like you to show him.”

Dean lifts his gaze to Basu, waiting for him in the cage. His mouth tightens but he doesn’t say anything.

“There’s no point in killing him without an audience, but I don’t want you holding back, either. Give us a show.”

Dean’s jaw gives a single clench and then he grunts, “Yeah, sure.”

Kicking off his sandals, he steps toward the cage. There’s no mechanical door on this practice arena: just a gate that Dean swings open and then latches shut behind him. All of Basu’s confidence is gone as Dean walks toward him, and his face is twisted into an expression of mingled hate and fear. He flinches when Dean comes to a stop a few feet away. Pales further at Dean’s self-deprecating smile.

“Come on, man,” Dean says. “Gimme your best shot.”

Basu hesitates, eyes darting from the door of the cage, to Vincent, to the guards with their guns, and back to Dean again. Then, letting out a slow breath, he squares his shoulders.

When he rushes forward, the attack is inhumanly fast. Basu’s speed doesn’t do him any good, though: the punch he throws passes through empty space.

Sam blinks, surprised, because Dean was right there a second ago, and now he’s standing behind Basu, and Sam didn’t see him move.

While Basu frowns in confusion, Dean leans forward and taps him on the shoulder. Basu spins, throwing a right hook that sails harmlessly through the space where Dean isn’t anymore.

Sam’s chest tightens as he watches what isn’t a fight but a lesson in superiority. Dean is nothing more than a blur unless he’s dropping light slaps on Basu’s body, and occasionally he seems to disappear entirely. In the brief pauses when he’s clearly visible, his eyes burn brighter than Sam has ever seen them, gold and alien and almost painful to look at. Dean is toying with Basu, winding him up until he’s too frustrated to be frightened and dragging enraged shouts from his throat.

“That’s the difference,” Vincent murmurs from Sam’s shoulder.

Sam starts. He forgot that the man was there, that anything existed beyond his brother moving too quickly for the human eye to follow: a force of nature instead of a man. When he swallows, his tongue feels clumsy and swollen.

“He’s so damned fast,” he breathes.

Vincent nods. “We have him slow down for the Arena. It isn’t much of a show if you can’t follow the action.” Then, raising his voice, he calls, “Stop fucking around and hit him!”

The blur that’s Dean streaks toward Basu and in the next instant the man is flying through the air and crashing into one of the cage walls. Dean comes to a stop as Basu groans on the mat. His gaze is steady while he waits for his opponent to get back up. It’s the longest he’s stayed still since the fight began, and Sam notices that his brother isn’t breathing hard: doesn’t look like he’s even broken a sweat.

For the first time, Sam is getting a good look at the thing Dean has become, and it’s terrifying. Terrifying and breathtaking and the most beautiful thing he’s ever seen in his life.

As Basu drags himself back to his feet using the links of the cage wall, Dean swivels his head toward Vincent. There’s no expression on his face, and Sam realizes that he’s looking for instructions. Vincent’s perfectly obedient fighting machine.

“Don’t kill him,” Vincent says.

Dean doesn’t, but Sam thinks that it might have been kinder if he had. His brother spends the next twenty minutes toying with Basu with casual cruelty: drawing blood and breaking bones and then easing off long enough for Basu to get to his feet again.

Eventually, the man tries to tap out. Dean snaps his wrist and then, while Basu wails in pain, stands with one foot digging into those fragile, broken bones.

“He’s done,” he announces, looking out at Vincent.

“I decide when he’s done,” Vincent responds sharply. Stepping closer to the cage, he turns his attention on Basu and growls, “Get the fuck up or I’ll let him kill you.”

‘Let’ him. As if Dean wants to do it and Vincent is the only thing stopping him. No wonder these men are so frightened of him.

Sam isn’t sure how Basu manages it—one of his legs is mangled and useless, his left shoulder juts out at an awkward angle, and now he’s out his right wrist as well—but he somehow hauls himself to his feet. He’s standing for all of second before Dean slams into him, knocking them both onto the mat. Even over the thud of impact, Sam catches the by-now familiar sound of snapping bone. Basu’s screams turn wet.

Dean is up and off of the man in less than a second, but the damage has already been done. Turning his head to one side, Basu coughs up blood, shockingly red on his lips and chin. Sam doesn’t need a medical degree to know that at least one of the ribs Dean just snapped is piercing the man’s lungs.

“Now he’s done,” Vincent says with satisfaction, and then nods to one of the guards. “Get one of the trauma team up here and take care of that.”

Hank chuckles behind Sam. “Gets your blood up, doesn’t it?” he asks. When Sam glances back, the man’s grin twists into a leer. “Or maybe it gets something else up. Bet you’re wishing it was tonight, huh?”

“What the fuck is your problem?” Sam bites out, turning to face him fully. He can feel Vincent watching—can feel Dean watching—but he can’t let himself think about that. He’s Simon Carver, he reminds himself. Simon Carver, who grew up in a privileged world and won’t take shit like this from the help.

The fact that he’s really Sam Winchester and would like nothing more than to beat the crap out of the sadistic asshole in front of him is just window dressing.

“Maybe I just don’t like spoiled brats who think they’re hot shit just because some prissy school let them into the club house,” Hank says.

It occurs to Sam, distantly, that Vincent is letting Hank do this. Vincent maybe even put him up to it. Bela was right: Vincent doesn’t trust her. And, by extension, he doesn’t trust ‘Simon Carver’. Wants to see what Sam is made of so that he can appropriately gauge the threat.

Well, if that’s what the man is after, then Sam is more than happy to let Vincent see him fight. He wouldn’t mind showing them that he isn’t someone to be fucked around with, and there’s no way that this will adequately prepare Vincent for what he’s truly capable of now that his powers are waking up.

Besides, Hank’s right: after Dean’s little ‘show’, his blood is up. Just not for the reasons Hank thinks it is.

“Well?” Hank prods. “You gonna do something about it, Harvard?”

The trauma team Vincent mentioned before is sprinting across the floor toward the cage, but Sam ignores the commotion. Turning to Vincent, he asks, “Do you mind?”

If he had any doubts left that Vincent is behind this, then they’re gone now. Vincent’s expression is too calm: his eyes too shrewd.

“Be my guest.”

Sam shrugs out of his jacket and tosses it carelessly on the floor. He has a brief moment of thankfulness that Bela thought this far in advance and then unbuttons his shirt as well. Hank is already striding toward the blue mat, half-stripped and pulling his undershirt off. Sam follows. At the edge of the mat, he takes his shoes and socks off and places them in a pile with his shirt.

Dress pants aren’t the best thing to wear in a fight, but Sam figures he can take Hank even with the handicap. The man is built, sure, but there’s a layer of fat over his muscles. The insulation will make him harder to hurt, but it will also slow him down. Sam, on the other hand, spent a year sparring with Dean, and although his brother wasn’t anywhere near as fast as he is now, he was still damned quick. It’s been a while, but Sam is fairly confident that he still has the muscle memory from those exercises in humiliation.

“How’re you enjoying our boy?” Hank asks as Sam joins him on the mat. “Sweet as honey, ain’t he?”

If Sam gets a chance, he’s going to break that smug smile wide open.

“Are we fighting or are you just going to run your mouth?”

Hank rushes him without warning and Sam just manages to stumble back in time to dodge a powerful swing at his cheek. Dancing away, Sam eyes the man with new caution. Hank may be a loud-mouthed bastard, but he’s also a professional. Sam’s preoccupation with Dean—his anger over what these bastards are doing to his brother—made him forget that, but he’s sure as hell being reminded of it now. Not that it’s going to make a difference in the end.

Sam’s muscles sing with the relief of finally doing something; his chest is light with the chance to pay these bastards back a little for what they’re doing to Dean. Just as it always does when he’s fighting, his mind goes clear and still as the clouding emotions are drained away by adrenaline. All of Sam’s attention is focused on Hank: marking the twitch of his muscles, learning the tells that will let him know him how the man is going to move.

John taught him to be a conservative fighter, a lesson he never managed to sink into Dean, and Sam uses that restraint now. He folds with the few punches that Hank manages to drive into his chest and stomach: ducks away from the rest without trying to get his own hits back in. Hank is taunting him, but Sam can’t hear the words. All of his focus is on the man’s left shoulder.

Hank has an old injury there: a scar that cords through the muscle, making him weak. As the fight goes on, he drops that shoulder more and more: telegraphs any punches he’s going to throw by pulling it up again. Sam spares himself a private smile as the knowledge clicks.

Gotcha, he thinks, and slows long enough for Hank to close with him again. When the man’s shoulder lifts, Sam ducks. The right hook that meant to drop him on the mat passes harmlessly over his head instead. Straightening before Hank can recover, Sam drives his own fist up into the man’s jaw. He hears Hank’s teeth click together—hopes the bastard bit his own tongue off—and then follows up with a left cross without thinking. The punch spins Hank’s body a little to the side and Sam dives into the opening, gripping Hank’s shoulder with one hand to keep him steady and driving swift little rabbit punches into his kidney.

After a few moments, Hank manages to break free and lumbers away at a swift, awkward gait. When he glances over his shoulder at Sam, there’s new respect in his eyes.

They circle each other for a few minutes. Hank’s pain is making him cautious, but Sam knows that won’t last. Sam’s already been waiting for this for six months. Hank doesn’t have that kind of patience.

When he finally rushes forward again, Sam’s ready for him. He steps aside at the last minute, twisting to deliver a side kick to Hank’s ass. He doesn’t connect very hard, but it’s enough to overbalance the man and send him crashing to the mat. And the humiliation factor is pretty damned satisfying.

Hank’s pissed when he pushes back to his feet, face flushed and red. If he’s been holding back at all, he won’t be anymore. He starts toward Sam, a nasty smile twisting his face into something verging on inhuman, but Vincent’s voice interrupts them before the fight can go any further.

“I think that’s enough,” he says.

The look Hank shoots him is equal parts embarrassment and rage. “Did you see what he—”

“It’s over,” Vincent repeats, his eyes steady. Hank glowers at him for a few moments and then, with obvious effort, forces himself to relax.

Sam lowers his own guard, half-regretful that Hank didn’t ignore the order. Humiliating the man was satisfying, but breaking a few bones would have been even better. Maybe Sam could snap that half-healed nose for him again.

“I want you to take the Fenrir back to his cage and get him cleaned up,” Vincent orders.

At the reminder, Sam looks for his brother. Dean is standing by the edge of the mat. The guards and gladiators who were also watching the match have given him an obvious, wide berth. When Sam meets his brother’s eyes, Dean’s expression is as blank as ever, but his posture is radiating something close to panic.

In his current amped state, the obvious concern only pisses Sam off. Dean should know by now that he can take care of himself in a fight, damn it. Especially against someone as cocky as Hank.

He tears his gaze from his brother as Vincent strolls onto the mat, holding out his shirt and jacket. Sam accepts them with a smile he knows doesn’t reach his eyes.

“You’re very good,” Vincent notes as Sam pulls his shirt back on.

“Thanks,” he grunts. Out of the corner of his eyes, he can see Hank walking Dean back toward the stairs. Hank is walking too close to his brother, and Sam’s anger takes a sudden dip as he wonders if the man is going to take his thwarted fury out on Dean. If he does, every bruise he leaves is going to come out of his own hide tenfold.

“If you ever get tired of playing the companion for Bela,” Vincent says, “I might have a job opportunity for you.”

I’d bend over for that yellow-eyed son a bitch first, Sam thinks, but what he says is, “Thanks. I’ll keep it in mind.”