Redheaded siblings get closer than they should.

This story is the property of the author.  It may be redistributed, copied and stored without changes, though it is not to be used by commercial entities.  Using this material in any commercial publication, including websites, without the express permission of the author, will be followed up with legal action. This fictional story was written for the entertainment of adults and should not be viewed by those under the legal age.

This is a story of casual, unprotected sex, and is a work of fiction. In real life, use a condom, damnit! Unwanted babies, HIV and all sorts of lesser sexual diseases await the idiot who "dips his wick" or "rides the rod" without protection.

---

Raggedy, Chapter 1 (mf, cons, f-solo, inc, m-solo, oral, reluc)
by Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)

---

In my mind's eye I could see Michelle from school, the fit teen brunette's body filling out her tight gym strip and her sixteen-year-old breasts pushing out her t-shirt from under her sports bra. She pulled off her shorts and turned toward me.

"Oh! What are you doing in the girls' change room, Andy?" she exclaimed, dropping her shorts to reveal her pink panties.

"You're in the boys' change room," I calmly informed her.

She looked around in shock. Nobody else was there to indicate which of us was correct; we were alone. Her eyes dropped to my shorts. "What...what're you gonna do with that?"

I looked down. My stiffy was tenting out my own shorts. "What do you want me to do with that?"

"Andy, you got the hand lotion?"

My eyes flew open to behold my older sister, Ann. She had opened my bedroom door and was now staring at me lying on my bed, stiffy in hand.

"Shit! Sorry!" Then she was gone.

My erection wilted like a flower in a torrential downpour. "Fuck."

Before we go any further, let me explain about the names...we're not actually Ann and Andy, but both my sister and I had flaming red curly hair and pronounced freckles, so mean kids at school called us Raggedy Ann and Andy. Google it, or whatever you kids do these days, but at the time this story took place, decades ago, those dolls were still in the collective consciousness so the nicknames stuck. For our privacy, I'll be using them in place of our real ones.

---

After bedtime, there was a knock on my door. "Andy?" It was my sister.

"Go away!"

The door opened and she walked in. Of course she did...my older sister was the pushy one. She was less than a year older than me; 'Irish twins', they used to call it when we were a lot less politically correct about everything.

"I'm sorry about earlier."

"It's...whatever."

She closed the door. "Did you, um, finish?"

"What?!"

"I saw it kinda...going down...? Did you get it back up?"

"PLEASE go away."

She stepped closer to my bed. "You didn't, did you? That's my fault. Can I...?"

I stared at her. What the fuck?

She sat on my bed "...help you?"

I looked at my sister in her nightdress. Like me, she wasn't very attractive. Aside from the aforementioned red hair and freckles, I was slim and she was kind of...blocky? Both of us had bad skin and were essentially shapeless. "How...how would you help me?"

She moved her fingers along my bed covers toward my center. "I could use my hand."

"Ann, I really don't..." She had reached my crotch, so naturally my brain stopped working. "...um..." Her fingers were finding the edges of my penis under the covers, which was quickly made more difficult due to its sudden growth.

"Ohh," she sighed as she felt the lump of my penis under the covers. "Can I see it? Again, I guess?" She reached up and I let her pull my covers down, revealing my slim chest and mostly hard cock. She took the shaft in her fingers and I moaned at the sensation.

But my current erection was mostly due to the direct stimulation, as I didn't find my sister attractive at all, she being so unlike any of the teen girls or movie starlets who caught my eye. "Ann, I can't..."

She caught the look on my face and looked down at her disappointing body. "I understand...why don't you close your eyes?" She began stroking. "What were you thinking about when I walked in on you?"

"Um...uhh...Michelle Wright."

"Oh, she's pretty...very nice, Andy..."

I was pretty sure she meant that Michelle was a very nice choice but she could have meant my penis was very nice. I had no frame of reference to know how I compared to other guys. Ann continued to stroke, though it was awkward. My sister had never had a boyfriend, so I was pretty sure she'd never done anything like this before, and it showed. I wasn't going to cum like this. "Um, Ann...this isn't working for me."

"Yeah, I'm sorry I'm not better at it...I wonder..."

Then I felt a warm wetness surround the tip of my cock and my eyes flew open to see her mass of red curls down by my crotch. She had put my penis into her mouth! A moment later, she had taken my length and then started to bob up and down upon it. With the aborted masturbation earlier, replaced by my first blowjob, my delayed orgasm exploded. "Ugh!"

"GLLK!" Ann gurgled as she choked on my cum. She pulled back and I didn't see where my next spurts went. Then she ran from the room, pulling the door closed behind her.

I went to clean up but couldn't find more than a few drops. I must have covered my sister with the rest of my cum! I put on my pajama pants and tiptoed to Ann's door, but paused. It sounded like she was crying on the other side. Realizing I had really fucked up, I went back to bed.

---

I had no chance to discuss the previous night with my sister because our parents were around. Our Mom and Dad looked very much like us, both redheaded and freckly, though Mom had some curves and Dad some muscle tone. I hoped I'd be able to grow into my body like him soon.

Ann and I also didn't have any time to talk at school because we were in different grades and I couldn't find her at recess or lunch. It wasn't until we got home that we were finally alone again.

"I'm so sorry, Ann."

"For what?"

"For...doing it in your mouth?"

"It's okay, you just took me by surprise."

"So you're not upset?"

"No, why would you think that?"

"You were crying."

"When?"

"Last night...after."

She smiled and covered her mouth. "Oh...I wasn't crying."

"No?"

"No."

"Oh."

---

She came to my room that night. "Can I help you again?"

"I dunno, Ann."

She looked down at her formless sleep dress. "What if I get out of sight, under the covers? You can tell me more about what you were thinking the other night...y'know, with Michelle."

The thought of another blowjob without being able to see my sister swayed me. "Uh, yeah, okay."

She gave me a sweet smile and climbed under the covers between my legs. Not seeing her helped a bit. "Tell me your fantasy," I heard her muffled voice.

I lay back. "Michelle's all sweaty from gym class...oh." Ann had taken my rising cock into her warm hand. "She went into the boys' change room accidentally, and she'd already taken off her shorts when I walked in. I can see her pretty legs and pink panties. Uhh." Ann's mouth surrounded my cock. "We're the only ones there, and she sees my stiffy. She, uhh, asks me what I'm gonna do with it, and I ask her what she wants me to do with it." I felt Ann chuckle around my cock before she continued sucking. "I pull my thing out and her eyes get big. She can't help but move forward, staring, and, uh, she takes a hold...of...ohh...OHH!"

Then I was going off in my sister's mouth again. Unlike last time, I gave her enough warning and I heard the gulps under the covers as she swallowed my load. Once she was done, she shuffled out from the bed and headed toward the door.

"G'nite! Gonna 'not cry' some more..." Then she was gone.

I shook my head...my sister was weird, and that wasn't even including her blowing her own brother!

---

"What does it taste like?" I asked Ann in the lunch room the next day.

"What?"

I leaned in conspiratorially. "Y'know...my stuff."

"You never tasted it?"

"Ew! No, I'm not gay."

She gave me a look. "Boys. It tastes kinda salty and...creamy? Kinda like an Orange Julius, but without the orange."

"Isn't that just milk?"

"Yeah, salty dick milk...he he he!"

"Shh!"

---

The weekend arrived and Ann was out when I got up. My Dad said that she had gone for a jog.

"Really? She never exercises," I commented.

"Why don't you go lift some of my weights?" he asked me. "Put some meat on those bones."

My sister's sudden interest in exercise inspired me, so Dad set me up with some light weights. An hour later, Ann got home while I was stretching my sore arms. I goggled at the tight t-shirt she was wearing. She normally wore more conservative clothes that made her look unwomanly. Her normally plain features shone from her sweat.

"Hey," she greeted me.

"Um, hey. Jogging, huh?"

"Yeah, figured I'd do something about this mess." She referred to the flesh spilling out of her tight t-shirt and bicycle shorts.

"I lifted some weights."

She smiled. "Oh, good for you, Andy! I'm gonna have a shower." She headed off to do so.

The rest of Saturday went pretty normally. We were each our own best friends, so we watched TV, played some board games, and ate meals with our parents. We two kids had our own lower half of the house, with a small 'rumpus' room that had a TV, while our parents had their bedroom and living room upstairs. Later, as we headed for bed, we stopped at the hallway junction leading to each of our bedrooms and Ann said, "I'm pretty tired...is it okay if I don't help you tonight?"

"Uh, sure, that's fine."

"Okay, g'nite!" She gave me a hug and we went to our rooms.

I hadn't masturbated for the couple days my sister 'helped' me, so using my hand was like meeting up with an old friend. However, it was also kinda boring like an old friend that you had seen only a couple days ago. I was having trouble concentrating on Michelle in the boys' change room...my thoughts kept skittering away.

*Click*

I looked over, saw Ann slip through my door, and smiled. "Hey. Uh...you been jogging some more?" She looked a bit sweaty again.

Ann's cheeks reddened even more. "Shuddup. Changed my mind." Without asking, she clambered under my sheets. "Keep talking...Michelle in the change room," her muffled voice commanded me as she took my erection in hand.

"Uh, right...so she walks over to me, and she puts her hand on my stiffy...uhh..." Ann had taken it into her mouth. "She tells me it's big. Um, am I big, Ann?"

She pulled her mouth off. "How would I know? It seems...nice." Then she sucked it back inside her mouth.

I continued, "Uhm...she starts stroking it and I reach up and play with her boobies through her shirt. She stands back and pulls her shirt off, and I see her bra, pink like her panties. Then she unhooks it and...oh, Ann...I'm...gonna...OHH!"

"Mmm!" I heard Ann murmur.

I was cumming in her mouth...one spurt, two, three...

"NNG! MH-H!" I heard Ann gasping as she gulped down my spend. Then her mouth was off my cock and I saw her body trembling under the covers.

"Ann?"

My sister poked her head out and she had a look on her face that I'd never seen before, sorta happy, but relaxed, like when Mom drinks too many beers. "Thanks, little bro."

"Shouldn't I be the one thanking you?"

She realized where she was and straightened her face. "Uh, yeah...I'm helping you, after all, right?" She clambered out from under the covers and smoothed out her shapeless nightgown, but I had seen her true curves earlier in the day.

"Thanks, Ann."

"G'nite." She leaned in, kissed me on the cheek, and headed back to her room.

To Be Continued...

---

Krosis' home on the web: https://storiesonline.net/a/krosis-of-the-collective

Fans or pans? E-mail Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)