Showing Myself
by IndianaWoman

Showing Myself Ch. 08

I meet up with some friends....

I know it sounds like I was a total loser, but being an American in a military family in Germany I didn't have much choice but to live with my parents, but it was ok. They were pretty boring, but they were not controlling or anything, not that they had to be. I didn't do drugs and didn't drink a lot, and I caused no problems. But my mom had noticed a change in me, particularly my fashion sense. She didn't say anything until one day when I was getting ready to go to Monika's house for a sleepover.

Ok, I know your porn brains are running overtime, but really, Monika and her husband had invited me over for dinner and wine, and said I could spend the night if it got late. Of course, Monika would make sure it got late, but I trusted them. Lol!

Anyway, my mom asked where I was going, and I said, "I know this couple, and they're a few years older than me and he just got a job with an American company, and I'm helping him with his English. She's really nice to me, and we go shopping and go out for coffee, and she has helped me bring my fashion up a notch. She bought that dress for me that I showed you."

At the moment, I was wearing a cute leather skirt and a tight purple cardigan sweater, and underneath I had on garters and a pretty bra that Monika had bought for me. I wasn't sure if mom knew about the sexy stuff I was wearing, but she did look at me curiously, and said, "Yes, I noticed you haven't been the tomboy that we're used to. You should bring them over for dinner sometime so I can thank her."

Well, I suppose that was a compliment! But I told her I may or may not be back that night, but not to worry, they said I could stay over if necessary.

I took the bus to their place and they met me at the door. God, Monika was so darned elegant, even in casual attire! I wanted to be just like her! And funny enough, as you read in the last story, Kari said something very similar years later. I knew exactly how she felt.

They invited me in, and it was somehow surreal. Here I was, sitting in the living room with a couple that I had watched having sex in a porn theater while I masturbated next to them, and now I was having a glass of wine while her husband was talking about what he made for dinner. He disappeared into the kitchen, and Monika whispered in her broken English, "You sleep here tonight. I know, no sex with you, but I want you here." I just looked at her and could hear a bit of pleading in her voice, and I just nodded. This would be a night to remember, for sure!

I won't bore you with the details, but we had a wonderful dinner, and took our places back in the living room. Monika's husband did most of the talking because his English was much better, but it was inevitable that the discussion would turn to sex.

"Jennifer, we want to offer you something. Here in my hand I have a new roll of film. We think you would like it if I took some very sexy pictures of you for your eyes only. I take the pictures, and then give the film to you and you can do what you wish with it. I have taken many pictures of Monika and she will help you. You will appreciate this when you are older."

I suspected what they had in mind, and I nodded ok. I would have the roll of film afterwards, so there was no harm in it. This wasn't the day of the internet where the pictures could be sent everywhere.

We went to their bedroom and Monika took a box from the closet and opened it and spread out a bunch of pictures, all of them of her from over the years. She selected a few and handed them to me, saying, "When I was your age."

I looked at them, and she was so beautiful! I liked one in particular where she was standing near a window completely nude and her legs slightly parted. The sunlight highlighted the wisps of hair between her legs, and I could see the outline of her lips. Another one showed her full breasts hanging down as she leaned forward. Then, there were some explicit ones where she had her mouth around her husband's cock as she knelt in front of him. I had seen her in person doing this, but this was somehow more exciting.

I said, "Ok, but you need to tell me what to do. I'm too shy to just act sexy. Even in the theater, I just pretend I'm alone while others watch."

They said something together that I couldn't understand, and then laughed. They explained that that's what made me so sexy, and why the pictures will be perfect. He said there were 36 pictures on the roll, and I can do whatever I want.

I told Monika to direct me, and she said to just pretend they weren't there and to imagine I just came home and was undressing for bed. I pulled my sweater off and revealed the sexy bra that Monika bought for me, and I heard the camera click. I can't explain why, but I immediately became drenched, knowing they were looking at me.

I unsnapped my skirt and let it fall to the floor. I heard the camera click again as I stepped out of it and stood there in just a bra and panties and garters. There was a full length mirror in the room, and I looked at myself, and didn't think I looked too bad. I was blessed with a nice round butt that I still get compliments on, and my stomach was nice and flat, and my breasts, although not large, stood out very nicely, especially in that bra.

I was waiting for directions, but Monika just looked at me and smiled. I hooked my thumbs in my panties and started to push them down and then hesitated, and I heard the camera click once more. I pushed them off and kicked them away, and sat on the bed. I unhooked my bra, and leaned forward, trying to emulate a picture I saw of Monika, but I didn't quite have the breasts she had and I failed miserably! Still, the camera clicked.

So now I was dressed in just a garter belt and stockings, and her husband whispered that I should just do what I would normally do when I got home after a night out. They had a beautiful bed with big comfy pillows, and I placed myself against the headboard and slid my hands along my body.

I can't even describe how wet I was, and I opened my legs to the sounds of the camera clicking and I started to masturbate. Looking at the pictures later, there were some of me with my fingers sliding through my lips, and then of my wet fingers slipping into my mouth so I could taste myself. It was exactly what so many people have seen me do in the theaters, but somehow in their bedroom it was even more erotic. I am so out of breath just typing those words!

As he was taking the last pictures, I looked up and saw that Monika had undressed completely, and was getting ready to crawl onto the bed. I slid my garter and stockings off too so I would also be completely nude, and the last picture he took was her and me lying on the bed together looking at each other and smiling. And yes, I still have all of those pictures! I look at them often.

By now, her husband had undressed and had joined her, caressing each other while I watched. You have to understand that despite everything I had done over the previous months, I still had not even touched a cock or even felt a woman other than an affectionate hug with Monika. But she respected that and was satisfied with just gazing into my eyes and imagining my touch.

Slowly, Monika pushed her husband on his back and put her hands around his cock and looked at me. She moved down and placed her lips over his cock and hesitated just a moment before she took the entire thing in her mouth and then let her lips slide upwards so that it fell out with a pop. She started a rhythm where her hand slid down his cock as it slid into her mouth, and she looked at me again and said, "Like this". I just got my first blowjob lesson after seeing hundreds of blowjobs!

They started making love, and Monika got on her knees and elbows and conveniently had a good view of me with my legs spread and my fingers doing their work as I took in the sight in front of me. Her husband was taking her from behind and she was staring at my fingers pleasuring myself and wishing she could taste me while feeling her husband inside her, as she told me later. Her breathing became heavier, and she pulled my hand away from my pussy and slipped my fingers in her warm mouth. I didn't mind that at all and it felt so erotic!

She said something to her husband and then turned around on her back so her head was laying between my open legs, and her husband moved over her and slid his cock inside her. But, she said something to him and he pulled out long enough for her to run her fingers though her pussy and get them wet, and then bring them to my mouth so I could taste her. I can't tell you how much I adored her right then! Like I said, I am not a lesbian, but Monika and I had such a connection between us!

He continued to make love to her, and I moved my hands from my pussy and placed them on the side of her face and gently caressed her. She looked up at me, as though she was trying to make me feel his thrusts.

She motioned to me to kneel above her and continue to masturbate, so if you can imagine it, I was just inches above her face while her husband was on top of her. I practically melted from her intense stare as my fingers slid through myself.

She said something once again, and he nodded. Soon, his thrusts became more intense and then he pulled out and sprayed his cum all over her stomach. I had seen so many men cum both in person and in the movies, but never in a private setting! Monika pulled me down beside her and took my hand and said, "Touch it."

Her husband asked, "You have never been with a man, is that right? This is new for you?" I nodded and Monika dipped a finger in his cum and tasted it. I got the hint, and for the first time in my life I touched a man's cum and swirled my finger in it, and brought it to my lips. Honestly, the texture impressed me more than the taste because I didn't expect it to be so slippery.

Monika looked at me and said, "You like?" I laughed and said I didn't have anything to compare it to, but it's definitely fun trying it! I dipped my fingers in it again and got a bigger helping, and enjoyed the intensity of being so totally uninhibited with people I trusted.

Monika and I still hadn't orgasmed yet, and her husband suggested we lay back on the pillows and masturbate together while he watches. We sat close together and we watched each other play as her husband slowly stroked his cock and started making himself hard again. They said something together and I asked what they said.

He replied, "I ask her if I should just do this while I watch, and she say yes, she likes being beside you and watching you."

Monika acted more sensual as she masturbated, whereas I was more blatant, spreading my knees wide open. It was just how my exhibitionist tendencies responded to someone watching. They were saying things to each other again, and he said that she told him she wished I would move in with them so they could do this every day. I said she would get tired of me soon and find a real woman, and she shook her head vigorously and said "No!"

I told them I was going to cum soon and couldn't wait, and Monika nodded and gently blew on my nipples as I started to shake in one of the most intense orgasms ever. She followed right behind me, as did her husband, who came all over her upper thigh. I think that was something they were saying together, because if I wanted to touch his cum again, it meant I would have to touch her thigh and I knew she would like that. I didn't mind though, and I sensed a slight shiver when I dragged my finger over her skin and soaked my fingertips in his cum. As you found out in my pervious stories, I really don't understand why some women get turned off by cum. I love the taste and texture and the feeling that it is the result of a total sexual release.

It really was a lot of fun, and her husband then brought in wine glasses and another bottle of wine while we lounged on the bed, still naked. Monika said, "You stay here tonight, ok?"

I said I would love to, and asked where their spare bedroom was. She smiled and said, "No, I mean, you stay here in our bed tonight. OK?"

I nodded and she seemed very pleased. We continued to chat, until finally we turned out the lights. Monika slept in the middle, and she slid her body against mine in the spoon position. I can't say for certain, but I think during the night she copped a feel, but obviously I didn't mind because we were still pressed together the next morning, with her arms draped over me and his arms draped over us both.

When we woke, Monika showed me the shower and towels and everything, and she said something to her husband. He said, "If you like, we can take more pictures in the shower. She thinks you would be so sexy coming out of the shower all wet."

I told them that would be ok, but of course, the shower is a trigger for me to start masturbating as I did that every morning when I woke up, and it wasn't long before I felt that familiar feeling. Right about then, they came in with the camera and said to just act natural. The shower was a big walk in type, and they stood back and took an occasional picture as I soaped myself up. As I rinsed off, I told them I usually had to masturbate in the morning and asked if it was ok. Of course it was, and soon there were pictures on the roll of film of me leaning against the shower wall with my wet hair falling down over my shoulders and my hand between my legs, and my face off in a dreamworld. It wasn't long before I was shuddering in an orgasm, and then I came back down to earth and gave them a big smile.

Monika brought me a towel and dried my body and squeezed the water out of my hair, and then sat me down and combed it and brushed it. She dug through her closet and found a silky top and bottom set that was similar to what she was wearing, and we went to their kitchen for coffee and breakfast. All during this time her husband was taking an occasional sensual picture, explaining that not all pictures have to be just about sex. I was actually very pleased that he even found me attractive enough to take pictures!

We talked mostly normal stuff as we sat outside in their little breakfast area. I said that I told my mother that I was helping him with his English, and he said not to worry, that it was true and I was actually a big help because he needed it for his work. They asked what my school plans were, and I said I was considering something technical, and since that was his field, we talked about that. I also told them that my mother said they should come over for dinner some time, and they really liked the idea, and would definitely come. I liked it that we weren't just about sex all the time, because it made me feel like one of them.

But then they asked what my big fantasy was that I hadn't done yet. I smiled and said it was silly, but in the place where I met them the first time, there is an adjoining small theater where they show mostly short films. My fantasy would be to make a film of myself and then have them play it. People would be watching me on the screen, and I would wonder if anyone would notice if I was the same girl sitting there with them.

Monika said something to him, and he said they might be able to arrange that, because they had a movie camera and would talk to Andrea. More on that another time, OK?

Anyway, it was such a great morning, and then Monika and I went to the city for our regular day of shopping and coffee and things like that. She told me I was welcome to come over and spend the night anytime, and I told her I would love to do that again, and that last night was the first time I didn't sleep alone in my bed. I also told her I would talk to my mom about what a good night would be for coming over, and I'd call them.

Actually, before I go into the events of the next day, I'll fast forward a few days, when they really did come over one evening. They were so charming, and it really impressed my parents that I had such nice friends. Monika gave my mom a box of very fancy French chocolates, and he brought a very nice champagne and a bottle of wine to have with dinner. Monika also handed me a gift bag, and I was half afraid to open it right there, but it turned out to be a very pretty blouse just like she was wearing! She turned to my mother and said, "I do that so we are like sisters", and smiled. God, I adored her.

I said, "I want to put to put it on right now! Come in my room and help me pick out something to go with it. You're so good at that."

We entered my room, and I never imagined in a million years she would someday be in there with me. She looked around and whispered, "So, this is where you come when you think of me?"

She was so naughty, but I loved it, and I nodded. I opened my closet and although I had acquired a few nice things since I met her, the rest was boring. But she did find a skirt that matched the blouse, and I pushed off my jeans and took of my t-shirt that I was wearing and stood there in front of her in just my panties and bra. We both knew there was no time to be coy and flirtatious, so she just looked at me and licked her lips, and I put the skirt and blouse on. Before we went back to the living room, she whispered, "Will you imagine me later tonight?"

I smiled and whispered back, "I am imagining you right now!"

She reached into her pocketbook and took out a picture of her from the box that she showed me at her house, and said, "Maybe you like this. For you, when you are lonely." It showed her laying on the bed running her hands over her body, and just beginning to masturbate.

"Thank you! I love it! I will give you one of mine too after I pick them up, ok?" We gave each other a hug and went back before someone started missing us.

My parents went on and on about what a good influence they were on me, although they would have had a heart attack if they knew the whole story. But to be fair, Monika didn't make me that way, and if you read my earlier stories, I was already acting out many fantasies before I ever met them. But anyway, they were so kind, and Monika suggested to my mother that we meet on the following Thursday for the three of us to have a day of shopping like she and I did. I told Monika later though not to take her in the dressing room!

Ok, to rewind back again to the day after the sleepover, the next day I had that familiar urge and headed to town to go to one of the theaters. On the way I also dropped off the film at a place that they recommended. I went to the theater where Andrea worked, because that one gets more businessmen visiting during the day, whereas the other one is better at night.

I went in and she gave me a big hug, and I entered the theater. The weather was starting to get cool, so I was wearing jeans and a sweater, and it was harder to make a show of slowly unbuttoning my little sundress like I usually did. So, I just stood in the middle of the theater and pulled the sweater over my head and pushed my jeans to the floor and carried them down to the front of the theater and walked back in just my bra and panties and sat down. There were a few men there, but I acted as though I was the only person in the room.

I relaxed, and let one hand slip in my bra, and the other pushed my panties to the side so I could start making myself wet. I was in no hurry, and just played with myself for a minute, and sat back and made a show of spreading my knees apart so people could see how wet my panties were.

I heard the door open, and by now my eyes were used to the dark so I could see who it was, but he couldn't see me. It turned out to be the young guy that sat next to me and masturbated in one of my earlier stories. I whispered, "Come here!"

He looked and recognized me, and he came over. I started asking him questions.

"Are you going to masturbate? How often do you come here? I only saw you once before."

"Yes, and I come here about once each week. And you?"

"More often than that, but it's nice I saw you again. Would you do something for me?"

"Ok, what?"

"I want you to take all of your clothes off, and then take my bra and panties off, and put it all down front where my jeans and sweater are, so we can both be naked here."

He didn't hesitate, and stripped naked. He unsnapped my bra, and I pushed my panties off and he took everything down to the front. This was so exciting and I finally realized that a young naked girl could make a guy do anything. Even an old naked girl like me can still do it!

He came back and we were sitting side by side as he was stoking his cock. I watched his hand move up and down, and I rubbed myself to match his movements. I lifted my leg up on the arm of the chair to expose myself as much as possible. So many times I had done the same thing, but this was the first time I had a partner play along with me.

I told him to wait as long as possible before cumming, because I had something in mind, but he was getting restless in his seat, and he finally whispered, "I can wait no longer."

I whispered back, "Ok, I want you to do something. I want you to stand up and shoot your cum on me."

His eyes got big as though he couldn't quite believe what I said. I reassured him, and said once again, "Yes, I want you to cum on me. Shoot it on my breasts and stomach. No one has ever done that before."

He stood, and within moments he was spurting his cum all over me. Two things surprised me. First, it felt cooler than I expected. Second, it was so much! He must have saved it for a week! But after all of this time, and after seeing so many guys masturbate in front of me, I finally became intimate with one of them, as least a little bit.

He sat back down, and I looked at his cum on my breasts. I scooped up a little bit on my finger and brought it to my mouth, the second time in as many days that I had tasted cum, although I still hadn't even touched a cock or even kissed a guy.

His soft cock hung down between his legs, and this is exactly why I insisted that it is much better to undress and put our clothes out of reach, so we don't get dressed immediately after an orgasm when the adrenaline is gone. He watched as I took another taste, and he said, "You know, you are quite lovely."

Wow, that was so sweet! Of course, I had just let him shoot his cum on me and he would say anything, but he sounded sincere. I really liked him.

We chatted for a few minutes, and I suddenly said, "Would you like it if I was your girlfriend? I've never had a real boyfriend before."

He looked at me and said, "Yes, I would like that. But this is not too strange for you?"

"No, but I also don't want to give this up. I like it when people watch me, but I am not attracted to them, but I am attracted to you."

It was kind of odd, because most couples start out with talking and going out on a date, and then becoming intimate, but we were backwards. He came all over me, and now we were talking about going for walks and getting coffee and stuff like that. I laughed to myself, because it would be funny to tell my friends how I met this guy!

We talked some more, and he asked what else I did that was like this. I said I go to another theater too, and I also go to that peepshow nearby and let guys watch me, and that I do it for fun, not money. I told him I would love it if he came there and watched me. He said he knew which place I meant, and that he would come see me.

I looked at his cock and asked, "Can you do it again? I didn't have an orgasm yet, and I want to cum together."

"Yes, what do you want me to do?"

"Just what you did before. We'll watch the movie and each other and masturbate. I am not ready for any touching. We haven't even kissed yet."

He wasn't pushy at all, and he started stroking his cock and soon it was hard again. There were probably ten other guys scattered in the theater, and they would take glances at us as we played, and were probably very jealous of him. I marveled at the remaining cum that was dribbling down my belly, and looked forward to his next orgasm.

We watched the movie, and I asked him if he ever had a girlfriend. I assumed he did, because he was quite good looking.

"No, I am a bit shy. It's why I come here I guess."

"So you have never had sex either?"

"No, you are the closest possibility so far."

"Ok, I haven't had sex either. I've never even had a boyfriend. It's just more difficult because I live on the Army base and it's harder to meet people. And I'm shy too."

On the screen, there was a couple having sex, and she was on top of him and you could clearly see the guy's cock slide in and out of her. I told him I couldn't even imagine how that felt, but it must be wonderful, thinking about how Monika enjoyed it in real life. I said I had tried a candle and carrot, but it wasn't what I imagined. I imagined a cock would be hard and soft at the same time, which I found out later was true.

This was so exciting, knowing that we were kind of having sex together. I asked him what kind of women he liked, and he said the ones that are like me. Yeah, like I expected him to say anything different! But I insisted and asked which woman in this movie was his favorite, and he said the woman in the previous scene. I knew which one he meant, and at least she didn't have a super curvy body and huge breasts, so I made the cut!

We were both squirming in our seats, and I asked if he was close.

"Yes, I am ready. What do you want me to do?"

"Uh, would you think I'm terrible if I asked you to shoot it right on my tongue this time so I taste it all? I just want to try that once."

Of course, despite my adventures, this is how naïve I was! Can you imagine a man saying, "No, I don't want to shoot my cum into your open mouth."

He said he was ready, and I got out of my seat and kneeled in front of him. At this point, all of the guys were watching, and my friend stood in front of me and stroked his cock hard until the first shot exploded all over my tongue. I reflexively closed my mouth and the next shot hit me on the lips and chin. He squeezed out some more cum, and I stuck out my tongue and caught it.

He stood there out of breath, and I looked at him and said, "That was amazing!", and then gently pushed the cum that was on my chin up into my mouth. I really don't understand women who don't like it!

We sat back down and talked some more about things we would like to try sometime. I said I would really like to feel a cock in my mouth, and he said he would like to lick me. I said although I hadn't had sex yet, I imagine that my favorite position would be on top, because lots of times when I masturbate at home I kneel on my bed and masturbate that way. I also said that if we ever have sex, I want to do it in front of a big mirror so I can see what it looks like when his cock enters me.

As an aside, I hope you don't think I'm too slutty, because I'm not that way at all. We were just having fun! If a guy goes out and acts wild, he's a stud, but if a woman does the same thing, she's a slut in the public's eye. Well, I'm here to say that women feel the urge just as much as guys, or at least this one does. Ok, end of rant!

Anyway, he said he had to leave because he had to go to work (he was attending college and had a part time job), and I said I would stay since I still didn't cum yet. This was the time before cell phones, so I told him I would write down my number so he could call me, but don't be surprised if one of my parents answers the phone. Imagine being a guy who knows his new girlfriend is in a porn theater masturbating as he is walking to work! I watched as he strolled naked to the front of the theater to get his clothes, and hope he found it as exciting as I did, and didn't just do it because I asked him to.

Obviously I didn't have a pen, so I casually asked one of the men there if he had one, and he graciously handed me one with a slip of paper, and I gave my new friend my number. Just as he was about to leave, I said, "Wait!"

I went to the front and picked up my panties and handed them to him and asked, "Will you masturbate with these tonight? I want you to think of me. You can give them back next time." Who would say no to that!?

I was so excited about these events, and I got up and went to the lobby after he left and just had to talk to Andrea about it! I told her what we did, and asked if she knew anything about him and if she thought he was a nice guy. She laughed and said he comes there at least once a week and is always polite and was glad I had fun. She also asked if I was leaving, and I said no, I would go back in the theater and play. Of course, I was standing there naked, secretly wishing the next customer would walk in and see me, but no such luck that time.

I walked back in, and all the eyes turned back on me. I took my seat in the middle, and knew I had to finish. Like many times before, I didn't make eye contact, and just spread my legs and rubbed myself and watched the movie as though I was the only one there. Out of the corner of my eye I could see the telltale signs of guys masturbating, which excited me even more. One of them stood up and approached me, and I calmly said, "No touching, but you can watch," and he stood there stroking his cock. Like always, soon there were others, and I was suddenly more interesting than the movie. One by one they came while I watched them and they watched me, during which time I also brought myself to an incredible orgasm, because in addition to the immediate scene around me, I could also fantasize about my evening with Monika, and now my new boyfriend. But then I thought to myself, "Oh my god, I don't even know his name! And does he know mine? If he doesn't, he won't call because my parents might answer, and what can he say, that he would like to speak to the girl who swallowed his cum???'"

So, I had to go back out in the lobby and tell Andrea that we didn't even exchange names, and the next time he comes in to tell him I am Jennifer, because he might not call otherwise. I felt so dumb! No wonder I didn't have a boyfriend!

I was kind of dejected, and went to the other theater, and saw Renate. She asked if I was going upstairs, and I just said no, I just wanted to sit and chat. I stayed for an hour or so, then got a coffee and a bite to eat at a street café, and started home.

When I walked in, my mother said, "A very nice boy called and asked for you. He even apologized that he didn't know your name, but it was only because you didn't write it down with your number. You can't be so absent-minded!"

I felt like saying, "Well, you would be absent-minded too if you had cum on your face and in your hair and you were walking around naked asking a stranger for a pen!"

But I didn't say that, and instead I said, "I know, we were talking at the café and he seemed really nice, and then he said he had to go to work so I quickly scribbled my number down. I don't know his name either."

"Well, it's Rolf, and he even asked my permission to take you to the museum this weekend. I wrote his number down for you, and he said he would be home from work after nine."

I was so excited! My first boyfriend! I went to my bedroom and just stared at his number, and it made me wet. I slipped my hand into my jeans and then I remembered that he had my panties. I wish I knew when he would be using them so I could do it at the same time. It was only 8 o'clock, so I had an hour to kill, so I slipped into some silk pajamas that Monika gave me. They were a little big because Monika was taller, but mom said she would hem them up and shorten the sleeves, but they fit well enough to lounge around in. I had taken my bra off, and the feeling of the silk against my naked body was incredible! It was like being naked!

I wanted to masturbate right then, but I figured I'd be sociable and went out in the living room and waited until it was time to call him. Mom went on and on about how glad she was that I was finally meeting nice people, and then it dawned on me that someone could be really nice and still be very sexual, and I suddenly decided I was going to be both! And as you saw in my later stories, I still am!

I didn't want to seem too anxious, so I waited until five after nine and called him. He answered the phone and I started chatting.

"Hello Rolf, my mother told me your name. Sorry I didn't tell you mine. It's Jennifer."

"I know, she told me. It's ok."

"She said you want to see me this weekend?"

"Yes, if you haven't been to the museum, it's very interesting. We could go."

"You mean like a real date?"

"Yes, and then we can go watch a movie later after that."

"It all sounds perfect. If it isn't too cold, I'll wear a dress. You would like it."

"I know I will. We can meet at the front of the big department store at twelve o'clock?"

"Yes! I'll be there!"

Then I thought for a moment, and started whispering.

"Rolf, you remember what I gave you?"

"Yes."

"Will you use them tonight?"

"Yes, I want to."

"What time? I want to do it at the same time."

"Uh, in one hour?"

I resumed my normal voice and said, "Ok, I'll do the same! I can't wait to see you Rolf!"

I told my mother that we set up a time to meet on Saturday, and I lounged around for a while until I saw that I had ten minutes until we agreed to start playing, and I told her I was going to bed.

I entered my room and slowly unbuttoned my top and let it fall open. I laid on the bed and turned my body towards my mirror, and looked at what Rolf would see if he were here. I opened the drawer in my nightstand and took out the picture that Monika gave me, and I leaned it against the lamp so she could watch me. I slid my hand in the bottoms of my pajamas, and felt how wet I was.

I was somehow experiencing a three way exhibitionism, with Monika watching me through her picture, and knowing that Rolf was stroking his cock with my panties right at that very moment while thinking of me. I couldn't stand it anymore and pushed the pajamas off and started to rub my fingers through myself without any teasing at all. I just wanted to cum. I opened my legs wide and stared in the mirror, and saw what Monika saw the other night, and wished she was taking pictures, and it just made me rub more furiously. I had never acted like this before! In minutes, and I was practically convulsing on the bed and I exploded in an amazing orgasm. Oh God, I was so out of breath!

*****

There, that's all for now! I remember that night so vividly, and was glad to share. I'll try to write more when I have time.

Also, I wanted to say that I got several emails asking for photos. I thought about it and really can't go that far, but then I had an idea. I texted Mike, the neighbor guy I wrote about, and asked him to do me a favor, although it might be a little weird.

"I know it will be weird Jenn, because everything you ask me is weird."

"Mike, do you have to be so conservative? Did you apply to the seminary? Gee whiz. Oh by the way, how are things going with Kari? I've been keeping tails on you two. Is the sex better?"

"I wasn't bad before, but she is much more assertive now."

"I suspected as much. I've been coaching her. She asks questions, and I tell her things to try. How did you like last night?"

"Oh great, you guys are talking? Now I feel like a science experiment."

"Just be grateful Mike! How many guys have a girlfriend with her own private sex tutor? But never mind that, back to my favor. I want you to do some research and tell me which porn star I most resemble. I want you to pick a young version of me and a current version. I have some old pictures of me from when I was 20, and you can look at them to get an idea."

"I'll see what I can do......"

So, if I make another chapter, I'll at least be able to offer a visual so you can picture me. Bye bye!
