Jill unlocked the door and dragged her young lover inside. Closing the door behind her, she locked it with a snap. Turning back, she found that Krys has disappeared.

"Imp!" she called out... "Where are you now?"

"I'm hungry!" came the girlish voice from the kitchen.

"So am I!" Jill called back, "but not for food!" From the kitchen, she could hear Krystal giggling again.

When she got there, she found the spike haired girl munching a carrot and sitting on the floor in front of the fridge. She looked so small sitting there, curled on the floor, like a doll or statuette from another place. And the innocent look on her face... was almost like a cherub, youth and age mixed in complete innocence. Jill stared at the lovely, perfect face for a long minute... 

Then she remembered the shower... and the car... and she looked down farther and saw her ample bosom, and the hard bullets of her nipples pushing through the thin material of her top... and the thin wet material clinging to her labia where she could see between her crossed legs, outlining her swollen pussy so beautifully... and she remembered why she had pulled her into the apartment.

"You..." she began, advancing on the smiling girl, "...are going to get it!"

Krys barely had time to swallow her mouthful before the older woman was upon her. Kneeling on the floor in front of her, Jill wrapped her arms around Krystal's neck and kissed her deeply. The sweet taste of honey filled her mouth immediately and drove her on, making her wonder what the rest of the girl would taste like. Hungrily, she pushed her backwards onto the tile floor.

Jill wrapped her arms around the young girl on her floor, pressing her lips against Krystal's, slipping her tongue into the girl's mouth and tasting her sweet honey taste. As their tongues danced together slowly, she wondered to herself what the rest of this sweet young vision would taste like...

The older woman slipped her arms around her young lover, embracing her and pulling them together as they kissed, their breasts pressing tightly together as the kiss grew. The more she drank of the young girl's taste, the more she wanted it... Jill could feel her pussy, still slick with wetness from the mind-blowing orgasm in the car, beginning to drool again. She knew her spandex suit would be soaked through in a second, her pussy lips pressing clearly against it. The thought only occupied her mind for a second... while she considered how to remove it without removing her tongue from Krystal's mouth.

Almost on cue, Krystal's small hands slid up around Jill's shoulders and her fingers hooked under the edges of her top. The girl pressed the edges of Jill's tight top down over her shoulders, opening it around her chest, and sweeping it down under her breasts and halfway down her arms. Her fingers smoothly slid under Jill's breasts, tracing the curves of them, circling around as she teased the older woman. Jill arched her back in response, pressing her lips tighter against Krystal's as her nipples hardened quickly under the girl's expert touches, and her body responded, increasing her arousal. As Krystal's fingers reached Jill's swollen nipples, the older woman moaned into her young lover's mouth, the feeling of the pink-tinted nails digging into her sensitive nipples sweet pain. The mixture of sharp pain and pleasure in her nipples pushed Jill in a direction she hadn't been in many years, and she shrugged her top down around her waist and broke the kiss, gasping.

Krystal smiled mischievously into her lovers eyes, nails still holding her nipples captive.

'Imp!', gasped Jill as she wriggled out of her gym suit, her breasts heaving as her breath came in deep gasps from the sharp pain of the girls nails in her nipples. She peeled the suit down around her bent knees feeling it sticking to her wet cunt as she pulled it off. Twisting it down around her ankles, still gasping as Krystal twisted her nails and giggled at her lover's torture, Jill kicked the suit away and  grabbed the hands at her breasts. Holding her lover's wrists, she looked in her eyes deeply, gasping as she pinched harder. Jill could feel her sore nipples swelling larger under the harsh attentions, and her cunt dripping wetness down her thighs. Amazed at her bodies reaction to the pain, she closed her eyes and pulled the hands away. As she expected, Krystal dragged her nails tightly off Jill's large nipples, increasing the pain exquisitely as Jill pulled them off, making her cunt spasm as the fire ran from her nipples, through her belly and down to her throbbing clit.

'You...', she gasped to Krystal, '... are mine this time, Imp!'

Scooping the young girl in her arms, Jill lifted her easily. As Krystal giggled happily and kicked half-heartedly, Jill was amazed at just how light the girl was. Trained for the police force and exercise every day made Jill's body toned and strong, but still, Krystal seemed much lighter than she should have for being in such good shape. As she looked at the young girl wriggling in her arms, body barely covered by her tight spandex gymsuit, giggling and laughing about taking her to bed, all worried melted away and she carried the young blonde to her bedroom and dropped her on the bed happily.

As she hit the bed, Krystal bounced back up and tried ot sit at the edge of the bed and encircle Jill with her arms. At the same time, Jill pressed her hands against the girl's shoulders, pushing her back on the bed as the naked women laid over her lover, pressing her body between her legs. Pinning Krystal's hips to the edge of the bed with her own, Jill grabbed the shoulders of her suit in her fingers and slid it down as Krystal had, hooking the tight spandex under her heaving breasts. As the young girl struggled playfully, Jill pressed her shoulders to the bed, letting her nails dig in as she bent over her lover, pressing her lips to her nipple.

The taste of the girl's skin was, if anything, sweeter than her mouth. Jill had the strangest image of pressing her mouth to a giant smooth lollipop in the shape of a perfect breast... smooth, sweet crystallized honey, but soft and inviting... and warm, and swelling as she played with the girl's nipple in her mouth. With her nose against her breast, the smell of spring filled her senses, flowers in a breeze in an open field... and for a second she wondered what body oil she used and where in the world she got it. Then she heard Krystal gasp as she played her tongue around the swollen nipple in her mouth and the small sound drew her immediately back to reality.

Jill smiled, her eyes flicking up to her lover's face as she drew her teeth down to Krystal's nipple and closed on it. Krystal arched her back and gasped loudly as the older woman bit down and pulled her nipple gently in her teeth, teasing her as Krystal had done. Krystal arched her back and moaned loudly, reacting to the teeth pinching her nipples. Jill watched her young lover, then suddenly the taste in her mouth increased as a drop of pure heaven touched her tongue. Closing her lips quickly, she began suckling at her young lover's breast involuntarily, drawing the drops of milk for her nipple. Each one that touched her tongue sent shivers through her body, and as she swallowed them, warm waves through her belly and into her cunt, making her clit throb each time and wetness literally dripping from her swollen lips.

Jill reached aside and took Krystal's other swollen breast in her hand, intending to kneed it in her fingers and arouse her lover's nipple, and immediately felt wetness. Flicking her eyes to the side, she saw that her young lover's nipple was leaking wetness down around her breast in long, thick lines... wetness that she knew would taste exactly the same at the milk she had been suckling. Before she could stop herself or even wonder why such a young girl should lactate so strongly, Jill was at the other breast, lapping the long drips from the curve of her breast.

As the older woman sucked and licked at her breasts and nipples, Krystal moaned and writhed beneath her. Her hips pinned to the bed by her lover, she pressed her shoulders against the bed and arched her back. As Jill took her nipple in her teeth, Krystal closed her eyes and flipped her head back against the mattress, rocking her shoulders and moaning. As the other woman began sucking the milk from her nipple, her reactions increased, her body jerking from side to side with each hard suck, her eyes fluttering as the milk dripped from her swollen, oversensitive nipple. At last when she stopped to move to the other leaking breast, she took a long ragged gasp... then Jill's warm tongue began lapping at her breast and nipple, drinking in her milk. As her lover's tongue began short quick flicks around her nipple, Krystal started again, rocking and gasping on the bed, until Jill's mouth closed over her swollen nipple, sucking hard at it again.

By the time Jill had cleaned the milk from Krystal's breast, she was desperately in need of more. Each swallow sent a pulse through her belly and into her cunt, making her clit swell and dance, pushing clearly out of it's hood, covered in her wet cum as it dripped out of her. She flicked her tongue around the girl's nipple and noticed briefly that it had swollen to three or four times it original size, and was a deep pink color like the rest of her cupped aureole. Quickly she covered it with her wide open mouth, sucking hard at it, wanting as much of the nectar as she could get. Krystal responded by arching her back and driving her nails into the bedsheets as she sucked, moaning loudly as her eyes snapped open.

Krystal's shaking hands clamped to the sides of Jill's head as she sucked at her lover's nipple, drawing milk from it, and with a loud gasp she pulled her head free of the swollen nipple. Jill looked at her young lover, drool and milk dripping from her lips, her eyes wild as she panted. She twisted to put her mouth back to Krystal's swollen, still dripping nipple, frantically trying to get more of the milk the girl was producing. Krystal struggled to hold her lover's head looking up at her. Finally Jill's head snapped up to her, deep need in her eyes and a low growl on her wet lips. 

'Lick me...', Krystal gasped, '... please Jill.... lick my cunt...' The girl's full lips pursed with her panting breath, her face flushed pink over her cheeks and the same deep pink of her nipples, across her lips. She panted, 'please... it's better!'

The dark haired woman's eyes opened wide, sweat covered hair curling on her face under Krystal's fingers as her spinning mind absorbed the word... better. Then a slow smile spread over her wet lips and across her face. She pressed up to kiss her lover fiercely, then hooked her fingers under the top of her spandex suit and swept down her body, peeling it off of her. Jill pulled the sweat covered suit down Krystal's smooth legs, watching the center stick to her wet pussy, then yanked it down over her bare feet and tossed it across the room behind her. The girl's legs open smoothly for, her wet swollen pussy spreading open at the same time, her juices drooling down into the pink ring of her anus.

As she held her legs open on the edge of the bed for her lover, Jill saw her muscles trembling as he belly fluttered with arousal and her gasping breath. Jill slipped her hands up under Krystal's knees and pushed her shaking thighs up and open wider for her as she stared at her pussy, moving to it slowly, transfixed. If a perfect pussy could be described, this would be it. Krystal's pussy was completely hairless, not as if it had been shaven, but more like she had never had hair there at all. The skin was pink around it, and soft and smooth as though it has never seen a razor's edge. As Jill watched, the lips unfolded slowly like a flower opening, spreading wide for her. Perfectly symmetrical and swollen large enough so that each fold was perfectly visible. And as it opened, her clit hood swelled and pushed free of her pussy. As Jill watched, slowly moving her mouth closer to her sweet lover's center, breathing in spring and thick honey, Krystal's clit swelled and pushed free of it's hood. Her bud swelled large, maybe the size of the tip of the small girl's pinky, round and pointed like a soft warm bullet, and glistening in her slick wetness. Krystal lay on the bed, gasping as she felt Jill's breath against it, her body shaking in anticipation.

Jill's tongue snaked out slowly, her earlier fire partially quenched by the scene before her, and her tongue tip touched the bottom of Krystal's swollen throbbing clit at the base, just inside her swollen lips. She rolled it once around Krystal's large, exposed clit as she held her legs firmly open with her hands, intending to tease the girl before really licking her. The response was intense, for both of them. 

Krystal immediately grunted and moaned very loudly as her nails raked against the bed, arching her back as her eyes rolled back in her head and her body burned with the feeling of her lover's tongue finally inside her pussy. If Jill could have seen, she would have known that Krystal's breasts swelled larger and flushed pink, and the milk dripping from her nipples started again in long, slow lines down her tits. The sensations from pussy, clit, nipples, breasts, all of her body, sweeping through her and rocking her against the bed, making her scream in pleasure.

At the same time, Jill got her first taste of her lover's cum, and her mind burned with it. Like her milk, the juice that poured from her cunt was like sugar, honeysuckle, milk, and pure honey... the sweet taste of a childhood dream, but much much stronger, and full of an undertone of incredible sexual energy. As she licked it from Krystal's clit, Jill tasted it and it washed over her like a wave of fire, her breasts swelled with it, her nipples tingled and burned with it, it sank into her gut and her belly burned with the need for more. The wave swept out from there through her limbs and into her cunt and her body responded, as her already sopping pussy drooled cum between her legs in a long thick line and her swollen clit pressed hard, throbbing visibly outside it's hood, making her cunt clench with each swallow.

Jill groaned against her lover's cunt, pressing her tongue as deeply as she could, slurping the wet cum from Krystal and swallowing hard with each drink. As she licked and slurped at her, Krystal gasped and writhed on the bed, her hands grabbing at the blankets and clawing them up around her. The blonde girl's legs shook and clenched against her lover as her orgasm took her, squeezing hard as Jill's fingers dug into her skin, nails leaving deep red marks against her thighs, as she forced the girls legs to stay open while she drank the wetness from her pussy.

Jill's mouth opened wide and pressed fully over Krystal's pussy, covering it as she thrust her tongue deeper inside, pressing against against her g-spot at her front wall. Flicking her tongue deep inside her lover, Jill sucked and swallowed at Krystal's cum, the taste driving her on, her mouth pressing harder against Krystal's swollen cunt. As her lips bumped against the girl's swollen clit, Krystal rocked and shook on the bed, gasping and screaming each time until finally her cunt grasped at her lover's tongue inside her and her legs clenched tightly around her head, squeezing her face to her swollen pussy. Jill gasped quickly through her nose as she felt Krystal's legs wrapping tightly around her head, unable to hold them back any longer, she grabbed the edge of the bed to steady herself as her lover pulled her mouth against her smooth cunt. 

Krystal's body went completely tense as she felt her orgasm burn in the bottom of her belly, spreading from her pussy out like electric fire, all her muscled locked and ready for it as her arms spread wide on the bed, gripping the matress tightly where she had thrown the sheets free. Then as Jill's wide mouth sucked hard once more at her cunt, Krystal exploded and screamed as she covered Jill's face in a mix of her cum and pee, her bladder releasing as she lost control of her muscles and her eyes snapped open wide, even her scream trailed off into a silent one as her mouth moved and her body rocked and flailed on the bed. Pinned by her strong thighs, Jill struggled to suck down the wetness that flooded her mouth, drinking in gulps as Krystal poured cum and pee into her throat. To Jill the taste was the same, only stronger if that was possible, and the sensation of it washing in a stream down her throat was too much. She swallowed as much as she could, her open mouth crushed to Krystal's opening by her locked thighs, her eyes rolled back from the overload of sensations, and she passed out, the wetness streaming over her face and hair and down her shoulders as Krystal's orgasm played out to a shudder end.

Finally, exhausted, the young girl gasped and opened her legs, letting her lover slip to the floor in a wet heap at the edge of the bed. She lay, panting on the bed for a few minutes, the swung her shakey legs to the floor. Covered in sweat, cum, and her own milk, she calmly made the bed, turned down the blankets, and settled the pillows. Bending at Jill's prone form, she lifted the heavier woman easily in her slender arms, and gently placed her in the bed and tucked her in. Climbing in beside her, she shut off the lights and pulled the covers up over their naked, sticky bodies.

Just before drifting to sleep, she leaned her face to Jill's and kissed her lips softly, and whispered, 'Goodnight Mommy'


