Neat N' Naked 01: Athena
bySalacious_Scribe©

© 2015 Sal De Klerk & TheHornyHighlander, All Rights Reserved

"Neat n Naked...where our girls suck better than hoovers. How can we help you?" Came a deep throaty voice, not unlike Kathleen Turners, over the phone.

"Ah, hi there. I've had a bit of an accident and torn up the ligaments in my ankle, so I'm having difficulty getting around. I was wondering if you could send someone over to help look after things while I'm off my feet?" The male caller asked.

"Oh sir, I am so sorry to hear about your injury. If you tell me your name and what you need, someone a few days a week to dust, or live-in help to prepare meals, go shopping, help you dress and bathe?", she asked her newest client.

"My name is Craig Miller, and I didn't realize you offered a live-in option. That would be a great help for the next few weeks. And, if I'm satisfied with her service, then maybe we can set up an ongoing appointment afterward.", He smiles and licks his lips at the thought of a naked woman taking care of him over the next several weeks.

"While live-in services usually take a bit longer to arrange, we do offer them, and in some cases, your medical insurance may pay a portion of our fee." the scheduler told Craig, "Besides, Mr. Miller, having a naked, attractive female, or male if you prefer, can speed your recovery time. To get just the right person for you, can you tell me about the types of females you like and the types of sexual activities you enjoy, and I can see who I have that meets your preferences."

Craig nods his head, "I live alone, and don't need a nurse. I do have limited ability to get around, so I just need someone to help out with bathing and a few other daily tasks, as well as keeping up with the housekeeping and shopping."

Craig pauses for a moment, then continues "I think I'll stick with a pretty girl. In fact, I'd prefer a woman to a girl, the curvier the better, and one who has plenty of experience and the ability to teach me some new tricks." He says picturing a busty woman bent over washing dishes as he fucks her from behind, and plays with her large breasts.

There is silence on the line as a keyboard clicks and clicks then a computer whirs and beeps. Finally, the lady on the other end says "I have two ladies that fit your requirements. I'll send you their information right now..." As soon as she finishes talking, his phone beeps indicating he has two new video messages. He hits play on the first one.

Her voice comes out of the speakers, "This is Athena", a picture of a pretty white blond woman who is plus-sized, but curved like a woman should be, wearing a matching pink panties and bra, blows a kiss at the camera which slowly zooms out, revealing long shapely legs, and then starts to circle her body, showing a large firm ass covered in bright pink satin. As the camera continues to show off her curves, and other attractive features, the voice over begins again

"Athena is 34 years old and measures 42, 36, 44. She is a fun-loving, anything-goes kind of gal. She loves to laugh, tease and joke around. She is an all American girl from Connecticut and will cook and bake in addition to our regular services. Athena has very few limits, and when it comes to BDSM she is a switch. She can handle a whip as well as being tied up and made 'airtight'. Athena is rated 9.1 by our clients and one reviewer said...

A males voice came out of the speaker "Not only did she sate my sexual appetite, then afterward she cooked dinner for me, and let me eat it off her naked body. Best!Day!Ever!"

After watching the first video, Craig smiled in anticipation and hit play on the second one.

Once again the now-familiar sexy voice started speaking "This is Moanique" A beautiful black woman's face appears on the screen, "She's 38 years old, her measurements are a whopping 51-40-47" as the camera zooms out showing a Big Beautiful Black woman in profile, with huge breasts and an ass to match.

As the video continues to show off her attributes, the voice over says "Moanique was a professional sex therapist, helping people with any and all sexual issues. When the profession was ruled to be a form of prostitution, she along with several other sex therapists got together and started Neat N' Naked. Moanique is the only founding partner to still service clients. She is no stranger to any sex act and will do things most people never heard of. She is rated 9.6 by her clients.

The video ends and Craig puts the phone back to his ear. "Both lades are available for short term live-in work, as well as outcalls." the scheduler tells him.

"Wow! You really know how to find the perfect person. Athena looks perfect. I'll be delighted to engage her as a live-in care provider, to start as soon as possible. I very much look forward to finding out exactly what sort of care she can provide."

"She will be there tomorrow around lunch. Should she call before she arrives?"

"It takes me a while to get around on my crutches. So if she calls me about five minutes before she arrives, I'll make sure I've got the door open. Oh, and one last thing - do I pay Athena directly, or will I be billed by your office?"

"Since you are a new client and hiring Athena to live in for several weeks we do need payment upfront. Since we don't know how long you will need her, let's say 10 days of live-in services, at a daily rate of $350. So your total cost is $3,834.76 including tax. Of course, any unused time is fully refundable or can be credited to future appointments. Will that be debit or credit?

After providing his credit card details and other personal information to create his client file, he gets an emailed receipt and a confirmation message that Athena will be at his beck and call for the next 30 days.

****

I pull up at a Starbucks drive through to get a coffee. Realizing I was close to my clients home, I pull out my phone and call him.

"Hi, Craig Miller here..."

"Hi Craig, this is Athena," I said in my bright cheery voice. "I wanted to let you know I'm on my way and should be there in twenty minutes. I was stopping to get a coffee, and wondered if you wanted one, or if there's anything else you need."

"Hi, Athena. That's very thoughtful of you. Yeah, a caramel latte would be good. Oh, and if you could bring some orange juice too, that would be great. I'll unlock the side door for you, so just come right in when you get here. See you a little bit."

"Sure thing boss. See ya in a bit." I reply and ordering two drinks. Stopping at a local grocery store I go in and grab a gallon jug of Tropicana, and a few personal items I needed for myself. I completed the short drive to my new client's house and parked my car in his driveway. Noticing that he had a privacy fence on the side of his house and that I was far enough from the street that no one could easily see me, I stripped off the skirt and halter top I had worn while driving, leaving only my 3-inch red leather patent leather pumps on my feet. Stepping out of my car naked, gave me a thrill and sent a shiver of pleasure up my spine. Leaving the only clothes I had with me in the car, I locked the door and slammed it shut.

I walked a few feet up the driveway to the side door and opened it. Holding a coffee in each hand I used them to hide my already erect nipples, and I let the bag with the other purchases hang in front of me hiding what was between my legs. As I entered the house, I called out "Craig it's Athena.", as I kicked the door closed., "I'm in the foyer."

Craig was sitting on the sofa, with his injured foot in a cast held up on a small stool. He was wearing a pair of black, loose-fitting cotton shorts and a baggy gray t-shirt, and nothing else. When he heard the female voice float musically from the hallway he replied "Thanks for coming, Athena..." as she appeared in his view, his voice trailing off.

"No problem hun, nice place here. Where do you want your coffee, and the juice in the fridge I presume?", she asked smiling at the shocked look on his face.

Craig sits there staring at her, his throat to dry to do anything but squeak when he tries to speak. Staring at her, his eyes take in her voluptuous form, while his mouth hangs slightly agape. Then, blinking and shaking his head, he pulls himself mostly together. "Err, sorry about that, I didn't mean to stare, but you caught me a little off guard there.", Grabbing his crutches, he starts to struggle to his feet.

"I'm Craig," he says, offering his hand, hoping she would move it so he could see what was behind the coffee she was holding, His balance was very precarious and his growing erection did not help keep him stable. "It's a pleasure to meet you, Athena. And I must say, you are even more gorgeous in real life than your receptionist made you sound over the phone."

I stood there with the coffees as he stared at my body and tried to gain control of his normal male reactions to an attractive naked female form. I always thought it was so cute the way guys reacted when seeing me naked. Whether it was the first time or the thousandth, they always stared at my body and lost their ability to speak as their cock swelled up. Not for the first time I wondered if there was a correlation between a dick filling with blood and the apparent loss of mental ability when confronted with female flesh.

"I'd love to shake hands so you, and let you watch my tits jiggle, but...", she raises the two coffees a bit, though not enough to reveal what they were hiding, "but that's a nice compliment", I say looking down at his now noticeably erect cock. "And I must say it's pretty nice to have a young cute client who won't be able to catch me if I run," I say with a wink and a smile letting him know I was teasing him.

"Well, hopefully, I won't do anything to make you want to run off.", Craig laughed with her feeling better already, just knowing she was here and naked. "Why don't you pop that juice in the fridge, then come and sit over here, and we can get to know each other a bit while we drink those coffees?"

"Sounds good," I reply, and turn my back to him, putting a lot wore wiggle into my stride than usual to make sure he stares at my ample assets. Pausing in the doorway, I looked over my shoulder and winked at Craig, not sure he saw my face since his eyes were focused a lot lower. I put the coffees down on a nearby table and put the OJ into the fridge. Leaving the rest of my stuff on the counter, for now, I return to Craig with the coffees, this time not hiding anything.

I join Craig on his couch, curling my long legs under me, so that only the topmost part of my groin is exposed, but making sure my breasts are within his line of sight and easily accessible for him. I turn towards him slightly, and sip my coffee, letting his stare as much as he wants. After several minutes of silence, I ask Craig, "So how'd you hurt your leg?"

Craig hadn't been his usually chatty self these past few minutes. Instead, he'd been sitting quietly, letting his gaze wander over Athena's gorgeous body, drinking in the lovely combination of her flawlessly smooth skin and her soft, welcoming curves. He couldn't quite believe that just a single phone call resulted in this gorgeous, naked woman sitting comfortably in his living room today.

Her question jolted him out of his stupor and made him realize he was being rude. "I was playing tennis, getting ready for a tournament, and I stretched out to return a wide shot and suddenly there was a loud pop, and a louder scream as my leg stopped holding me up. As I fell to the ground, I realized I was the one screaming. The doctors told me it's a second-degree sprain, with micro-tears of the ligament, and that it could take 4-6 weeks before I can put weight on it, then my physical therapy starts. I'll probably be on these crutches for at least 4 to 6 months."

Starting to feel a familiar depression settle over him, knowing he was going to miss this tennis season, and probably lose out on the sponsorship he had been working on during the offseason, he tried to change the subject "So how long can you stay? I mean I know I paid for ten days, but can I extend or are there other things you have to do?"

"I can stay as long as you want.", I tell Craig "Or until I suck every last little bit of..." I paused looking Craig in the eye as I took a long slow swallow of my coffee. Putting the cup down I sensuously run my tongue over my lips, never breaking eye contact, "...cash from you." I wait for a minute as my words sink in. I started laughing at the bewildered look on his face. "Just teasing' you Luv...", and I leaned over and kissed him on the cheek. "Seriously I'm yours as long as you can afford me."

Craig gets excited that she'll be here 24/7 for the foreseeable future. She's so sexy he thinks to himself she's definitely worth the money. He starts imagining watching her big, heavy tits swing, as she vacuumed the carpets, and her curvy ass sway as she walks around the house.

"Before we go any further, there are a few things you need to know. If I say stop, you stop whatever you're doing immediately. I'll be naked at all times when I'm inside your house, or on your property, even if you have company. The only time I'll wear clothes is when I'm running errands, or if you tell me too. I've got exactly one outfit to use when I'm out of this house, I also have a kimono, and a few nighties and such. Also if you want me to take care of someone, all you have to do is tell me that they can have use of my body, and I'll let them."

Craig sits there his eyes wide at her statements. She was talking about stuff he hadn't even thought about when he made these arrangements. Now he realized his weekly poker game would be a lot more interesting, and thinking about having a naked woman walking around with his agent or manager visiting was... intriguing.

"Anything else", he asked nervously, considering how his life was about to change, change in ways he didn't fully understand yet. Swallowing hard, he looked at her with renewed respect, for being so free, honest and open. He hadn't considered sharing her with anyone, but he also forgot about the people who visit him regularly. business acquaintances, friends even family. Was this an honest oversight or did he subconsciously want everyone to see the sexy naked woman taking care of him?

Grateful that no one was due to come by the rest of the day, he forced those considerations out of his mind, for now, and figured he would worry about ramifications another time. He cleared his throat, "Well, now that that's out of the way, I can give you a bit of a tour, let you know where you'll be staying. I'll have to just do it from here rather than escort you around the house. I can't quite manage the stairs yet."

I sat there looking at the expression on his face after my standard first-time client speech and saw that he hadn't thought about anyone else when he called. Trying not to look exasperated, I let him ramble on about the house, and it's floor plan.

"You've already seen the living room and the kitchen, of course, and I've got a temporary bed in the gym, with a shower room next door. There's a dining room off the kitchen, which leads out to the back yard. You're welcome to use the pool and the hot tub out back whenever you like. Jenny, the pool cleaning girl, is due to come round in a couple of days" Craig started to tell me as I stood up and walked around, peeking into doors to get the lay of my new temporary home.

"Upstairs is my bedroom, with a larger bathroom, my study is across the hall, and the guest room is the second door on the left. You can use that while you're here." I looked up the stairs considering going up to check it out, but he was paying to look at me, not have me wander around his house. I returned to the couch and sat down beside him. "I must admit, when the ad said 'Neat n Naked', I wasn't expecting you to be naked as soon as you got here! Have you got anything you need to put away?"

"Nothing pressing a small bag I can get from my car later, and a few other items in a bag in the kitchen.

I was dressed when I drove up, but seeing all the lovely privacy you have, I stripped off my clothes in the car and left them there. I figured it would be a nice surprise for you and a way to break the ice." She tells him reaching out and caressing his uninjured leg. No, I have a question for you, what exactly are you expecting me to do for you?" she looks into his eyes, as her hand slides a bit further up his leg.

"Well, there's a few things I'm struggling with at the moment, cooking and cleaning mainly, so I'd appreciate help with those. Also, I have to say, I've been having trouble bathing since showering and keeping the cast dry are difficult. But to be honest, now that you're here, I've lost interest taking a shower, I'd rather spend the next few days just watching you swaying that delightful ass and those beautiful boobs around."

"I can help with all that and more. Would you like to bathe first or should we get a bit sweaty before I clean you up?" I asked him as my hand slid up the leg of his shorts and rubbed his upper thigh.

Craig gulped down the rest of his coffee and said "Getting sweaty sounds good to me." Stropping off his t-shirt, revealing a smooth slim torso. "Can you help get these shorts off me?"

I can hear the frustration in his voice at not being able to do simple things for himself, at least no as easily as he did before. I knelt on the floor in front of Craig. He lifted his ass off the couch and I gently slide his shorts down his legs, taking them off his good leg first, then bunching them up, I eased them over the cast and dropped them onto the floor. Once he was as naked as I was, I looked at his crotch. I whistled appreciatively as his cock was pointing right at my tits. I licked my lips and looked at you with big innocent eyes. "Now what?" I asked smiling.

Craig's cock had started to grow while she was touching him, but when she bent over him to get his shorts off and her tits rubbed his naked legs, his cock swelled up to a rather impressive size. She took it in her hand and Craig reached out and cupped her breast sighing in contentment. "Well, your current position seems perfect for a couple of things. Why not get my cock slick and then put your spectacular cleavage to the job it seems to have been designed for?"

Craig's hands slid across Athena's boobs, his fingers reaching her stiffening nipples and gently rubbing them, as he pushed his hips forward 'til the head of his stiffening shaft pressed against her soft, wet lips.

He looked down into Athena's deep, green eyes, already full of lust for her, and couldn't believe his luck. A woman as beautiful as Athena had him naked and throbbing, and they'd only met moments earlier!

I worked up some saliva and drooled it onto Craig's cock. I took his shaft in my hand and started rubbing my spit onto it to get it ready. It started to glisten with moisture, so I wrapped my pillow like boobs around his shaft and began rubbing their soft warmth over his rock-like shaft.

Craig grew even harder, as his cock was enveloped by the softest sweetest breasts he had ever had the pleasure of fucking. As he pushed her boobs up and down, the head of his shaft poked out, a drop of clear pre-cum already forming at the tip. "Lick me, Athena," he whispered, taking his hands and placing them on the back of her head, stroking her long blonde hair, then gently pressing her head down closer to his cock.

I needed no further encouragement and greedily lapped up the clear fluid oozing from Craig's cock. I continued gliding my ample bosom on the engorged penis watching Craig's face as I did my best to give him the best tit fuck he ever had.

Craig could feel his balls churning as I picked up the pace, his cock slipping between my slick breasts. It had been a while since he had been with a woman, and even longer since he'd been with one with titties big enough to wrap around his cock. It was his all-time favorite sex act, and he was enjoying it so much that he worried he wouldn't be able to hold out much longer. His pleasure was so great that he couldn't stop himself from fucking my tits even harder and faster.

I took the head of his cock into my mouth and began licking it with my tongue and sucking the head into my mouth. Craig loved the feeling of my breasts on his cock, but the feeling of my oral ministrations combined with the warmth of her mouth was heavenly. My expert tongue roamed across the sensitive head, and I poked the tip into the slit, tasting his sweet juices.

"If you keep this up, I'm going to cum soon," said Craig, his breath getting shallower and quicker. I released his cock from my mouth, "So what? We have weeks to explore each other's bodies. You wanna cum on my tits or in my mouth I asked continuing to slide my mammoth mammaries on his dick.

Hearing this, Craig moans letting the pleasure of being wrapped in warm soft large tits overwhelm his senses, and he pumps his cock harder and harder. He squeezes her boobs together to hold his cock even tighter and his around his balls start to tingle "I'm going to cum, Athena!", he yells, as the first spurt of sperm shoots between her welcoming cleavage. "Oh fuck, yes!" he cries in ecstasy, as more of his long-denied spunk coats her heaving tits. When the last blast has been drained, he looks at her cum coated tits and says with a weak grin, "Oh fuck, your tits are amazing.".

I kept stroking him with my tits, milking every last hot milky white drop of cum from him. Craig sat back on the sofa, as his last drops of spunk oozed out onto my tits. "Fuck, that was good.", he said. Then he bent forward and kissed me firmly, tasting a little of his pre-cum on my lips. He wanted to bury his head between her boobs and licking up all his thick, sticky cum, but resisted the urge, for the moment at least. "Sorry I couldn't hold off a bit longer, but it's been a while," he said, sheepishly. "And it's been even longer since I was with a woman as sexy as you!"

"So do you want to clean up this mess, or should I?", I ask him giving him one of my brightest smiles.

"Now, that's one bit of cleaning I can manage." as Craig was pushed over the edge and buried his face deep between Athena's cum-coated breasts, his face getting sticky as he licked up his seed. He eagerly lapped my tits, slurping up his cum. Once all his sperm was cleaned form my skin, he laughed, "But I think it's time to try out the shower, if you don't mind. There's towels in the closet in my room upstairs. Would you be able to go get them?"

I walked up the stairs slowly making sure my ass jiggled with every step I took. As I disappeared from his view, Craig suddenly remembered he'd been a bit horny the morning of his accident and had taken care of himself. It took him longer than he thought it would, made him late for his tennis match. He ran out of the house without cleaning up his favorite toys or making his bed. The well used tub of boy butter, his favorite thick butt plug, and the fleshlight that supposedly was made from a cast of Dillion Harpers vagina. He didn't even have time to clean up the toys before he ran out of the house and into an ambulance. His face turned red as he realized Athena was about to learn about his secret fetish.

I strutted up the stairs and easily found his bedroom. I walked in, not paying any attention to the bed. I grabbed a stack of towels and started to head back downstairs when a cone shape on the bed caught my eye. I walked over to the bed and recognized the object as a butt plug, lying next to some lube and a fleshlight. I smiled realizing that Craig was a bit kinkier than I first thought. This was going to be fun. Leaving the items where they were, I went downstairs with the towels and waited for Craig to direct me to the shower.

"You found them?"

"Yes, everything was out in the open, easy to find."

"Umm Okay." He wondered if she saw her words left him wondering. "The shower is this way, just next to the gym." He said as he pushed himself unsteadily to his feet. Leaning heavily on his crutches, he lead the way to the bathroom.

His cock was still partially swollen, and it swung like a pendulum as he maneuvered slowly and carefully down the hall, leading me to the shower. He pushed open the door and I followed him into a fairly small bathroom that held a toilet, sink, and a cramped shower cubicle. On a shelf inside it was the usual array of hygiene products but there was one item that I saw that didn't belong in a single guys bathroom. "So what's with the baby oil?" I ask seeing it was pretty well used.

His face turned a bright shade of red, and he ignored my question, "So, how do you think we should do this?"

I smiled remembering the butt plug upstairs and made a mental note that my new client likes ass play. I started to compose a list of items to buy next time I went shopping. "Well when my brother broke his leg, I had to bathe him. We usually wrapped his leg in plastic and duct tape, it kept the cast dry while I washed his body." I told him fondly remembering those times.

"Well, there should be duct tape and bags under the sink in the kitchen. I'll wait here while you go get them." Despite having blasted a big load of cum just minutes ago, my naked body walking around made his dick begin to swell again, "Damn, this is going to be a wonderful ten days, maybe I should call and extend her contract." Craig told himself smiling.

Athena quickly returned with the bag and tape. "Sit on the toilet while I wrap your leg.", I told Craig. Once he was seated, I gently pulled the bag up over his cast, and tightly wrapped the tape around the top of the bag. Once I was done I look into Craig's eyes, and ask "How does that feel? Is it too tight?"

"Craig moved his leg around and wiggled his toes. "No, it feels good." He nods in approval.

Standing up I turned around and bent over to adjust the water temperature, "Do you like hot warm or cold showers I ask looking back at him, seeing his eyes glazed with lust staring at my pussy. The small bathroom didn't leave a lot of room, so my ass was mere inches from Craig's nose, wiggling around tempting him.

Craig was unable to resist my smooth luscious globes. He leaned forward and planted a kiss square on the crack of my ass. Then he wrapped his arms around my thighs pulling me back into him and buried his face between my succulent cheeks, tonguing my delightful little rosebud. Sliding down a bit, he inhaled the musky scent emanating from between my legs, which drove him wild with lust and he thrust his tongue inside my slit.

'The shower can wait,' he thought, as his tongue thrust deeper into me, as his lips played over my pussy, lapping up my juices. His cock was fully erect and his hips were thrusting up towards my pussy, as his tongue found my clit and he sucked it into his mouth.

I moaned as I felt Craig's mouth on my body, I grabbed the wall for support as he began an oral assault on my sex. The warm water cascading down onto my back, then forming rivulets that flowed over my skin. I shuddered in pleasure and spread my legs wider, allowing him total access to my rapidly moistening pussy.

Craig pushed his tongue even deeper inside me. He felt my wet pussy shivering with pleasure from his oral assault. He rubbed his hands up my thighs, 'til his fingers found my rapidly stiffening clit. He lightly brushed it with his fingertips, which increased the flow of my sweet juice into his eager mouth.

I groaned aloud when his fingers touched my ultra-sensitive clit. I humped back trying to increase the pressure of his tongue on my intimate folds. Craig pushed his tongue even harder into my now sodden pussy, lustily lapping up my juices. His fingers danced across my clit, feather-light touches bring pulses of pleasure from my oh so sensitive button.

The water from the shower was running over both their naked backs, making their skin tingle from the heat, but not as much as they were tingling from their shared pleasure. I groaned "Yes baby, lick my wet cunt, fuck my slit with your tongue, play with my girl cock until I cum on your face!" I moaned to my lover.

My encouragement spurred Craig on even further. Rubbing my clit, licking my pussy and gulping down my cream, he was determined to make me explode in pleasure. His face was slick with my juices, his breathing getting shorter, but he kept up his relentless quest for my pleasure.

I was struggling to stand, my knees growing weak. After one particularly intense shudder, my knees buckled and I collapsed, my pussy going straight down onto Craig's cock, which shot into my pussy right to the base. I groaned as I felt his cock forcefully drive into my body.

"FFUUUCCCCKKKKK!" yelled Craig, as I landed on his lap sending a shock wave down his body and into his sore leg, without any warning.

"Oh God! Craig, your foot! I'm so sorry! Are you okay?" I asked deeply concerned, that I had hurt him, not wanting to move and make things worse.

Craig just nodded weakly sucking in air between his teeth. Trying to force the pain to subside. He began to concentrate on the pleasure of having his dick submerged in a warm willing tight pussy. For a moment he was torn between telling her to get off because of the pain, but the pleasure he was getting from the velvety smoothness of her slick love tunnel was putting up a good argument to keep her on his lap. After a pain-pleasure debate that lasted all of 3 seconds, the pleasure won!

"I'll be okay...", he says, "my dick in your pussy helped make the pain more bearable." as he started to push his cock deeper into my steaming hot pussy. "Oh fuck, you feel so wonderful, Athena." he moaned, as he felt her muscles squeezing and releasing his cock. "Oh Athena, cum on my cock, please. Ride me, hard. Don't stop until you've cum!'

I looked at him with concern. "Tell me if it gets to be too much for your leg, I don't wanna hurt you...again."

"I will, but please don't stop, that feels wonderful!" he moaned

I slowly lifted myself up and gingerly slid down the length of his shaft. Slowly build up some speed, making sure not to slap my ass onto his crotch and cause him more pain, as I gyrated on his hard shaft.

Craig was happy to just sit back and let me pleasure myself on his stiff pole. He reached up and cupped my breast with one hand, his fingers twisting my nipple, while his other hand slipped down to rub my clit, making my pussy gush.

I began carefully bouncing on his cock, trying not to hurt him, as I moaned in pleasure from the manual stimulation of my sensitive spots and his dick plunging into my depths. Craig rubbed a little harder, and began to thrust his hips, gently at first but building up the intensity with each thrust.

His foot started to cramp, but he was determined to make me cum and fill my cunt with his seed. My pussy was milking his dick as our hips drove out midsections together making a fleshy slapping sound that filled our ears and drove us crazy with lust.

I sucked in my breath and twisted my head around and kissed Craig hard on the lips as my pussy convulsed around his dick, and my body shuddered in pleasure.

Craig returned the kiss, firm and deep, his tongue slipping into my mouth. He felt me shiver on his shaft as I fucked his hard cock with abandon. Meanwhile, our tongue's danced together and his fingers trailed delicate circles across my clit.

My tongue and his wrestled as I gyrated my hips on him. I lowered my hand, reaching between my legs and cupped his balls which were full and heavy getting ready to send another load her way. Craig pressed harder on my clit, and twisted my nipple between his thumb and forefinger, as he pushed his cock deeper into her, loving the feeling of her pussy grinding on him as she gyrated her hips.

He could feel his orgasm starting to build in his balls, but he tried desperately to hold it back until I reached my climax. I gasped as my nipple was tugged on, and I reached down to rub my clit trying to cum with Craig.

Craig thrust deeper, squeezing my rock hard nipple so hard I moaned in pain, as I furiously rubbed my clit trying to push myself toward the precipice of pleasure. The glorious feeling of my sodden pussy on his cock was just too much, and he felt his dick stiffen and contract as he reached the point of no return.

"Oh fuck, Athena!" he gasped "You're going to make me cum again!" he said as his face scrunched up trying desperately to hold back just a little longer.

I grabbed and twisted my clit as he tried to pull my tits off my chest with my nipples. Knowing he was so close, I told him, "spray my cunt with your hot cum.". My words were the final straw and he grunted as blast after blast of man juice flew deep into my belly. The pulsating of his dick and spraying of my insides was all I needed to turn into a quivering mass of sweaty naked female flesh overcome wave after wave of pleasure.

After several minutes I was able to control my breathing enough to speak, "Th..that...was...intense!" I say testing my legs to see if they would support my weight. I was pretty steady, so I stood up letting his soft cock slip out of my cream filled pussy.

Squatting down I took him into my mouth and licked and sucked our co-mingled juices off of him. Once his shaft was cleaned, I stood up and stepped into the shower. I took his hands in mine and pulled him into the cramped shower stall. It was difficult to manage, but I was able to wash his body thoroughly, and he insisted on returning the favor.

By the time we were done, He was hard again, and I dried him off and he dried me, then taking my hand he lead me to his gym where he had a bed set up for himself. I excused myself for a moment and ran upstairs. Returning to the gym, his eyes widened when he saw the lube and butt plug in my hand as I closed the door.

