Summary: A woman, with the help of a friend, puts her on-again, off-again boyfriend through some paces when he wants to get back together with her. )
Keywords: F/M, spank, femdom, enema, strapon
Author: Rick_oh
Title: The Giving and the Taking

Story: The Giving and the Taking (F/M spank enema strap-on)

[Author's note: This story was inspired by the description of a 
real-life incident.  This really is the way it happens sometimes.]

Colleen knew who was calling her when the phone rang.  Vance had been 
calling her two or three times every day during the past week, 
imploring her to consider getting back together.  Two weeks ago, he 
had walked out of the relationship for the third time, after a 
prolonged argument with her.

She had so far resisted Vance's promises of things to come.  She had 
already told her friends that this time it was really over and that 
she was "rid of that jerk for good".  She told herself that she would 
appear quite the fool if she took him back again.

With a heavy sigh, she picked up the phone.  "This is really starting 
to bug me, Vance.  You are the one who walked out, remember?"

"It was hasty, I know," replied Vance.  "But I need you, Colleen.  
Really.  It'll be different.  I just -"

"Vance!  Listen to me!  Do you really want me to even CONSIDER taking 
you back?" Colleen asked with more than a hint of exasperation in her 
voice.

"Yes!  Please Colleen..."

"Then you have to do as I tell you," she continued.

"What's that?" he meekly inquired.

Her voice showing the irritation and resentment she felt, she said, 
"First, don't call me for a week.  I want you to leave me alone.  I 
don't want you to make any contact with me whatsoever for one whole 
week.  No calls, no e-mail, no letters - nothing.  Got it?"

"Why?..."

"Because if you do, it's no dice - ever," she said with a tone of 
finality.  "I'm going to hang up now.  I know that you understand my 
position.  No calls or contact for one week.  Then I'll let you 
know."  Colleen placed the phone on the hook, breaking the 
connection.

She immediately dialed another number.  A woman answered, and Colleen 
began to speak. "Stacy, it's Colleen...  I have a favor to ask...  
Can we have lunch?  Soon?  Is tomorrow okay?  Would that work?  I 
need your advice...  Yes...  Okay, gotta run...  Thanks.  Bye."

"What am I doing?" she said aloud to herself.  "Why the hell am I 
doing this?"

The next day at 11:30 Colleen and Stacy had just placed their lunch 
orders.  After a few pleasantries, Stacy got to the point.  "Okay, 
Colleen, what's on your mind?"

Colleen related how Vance had left for the third time and was 
pestering her to get back together.  Wiping away an occasional tear, 
she confided that she didn't know if she could be dominant enough to 
steer the relationship where it should go, and not set herself up for 
more of the same.

Stacy began to question Colleen.  "Didn't the two of you establish 
that you would give him discipline the last time around?"

"Yes, we agreed to that, but it kind of went by the wayside after a 
while."

"You didn't have a contract in writing then?" inquired Stacy 
incredulously.

"No, it was a verbal agreement," Colleen admitted.

"Why did you stop disciplining him?"

"Well, he became good at talking me out of it," answered Colleen 
sheepishly.

"He did this, he did that, is what I'm hearing from you," said Stacy, 
with increasing irritation.  "And you stood by and let it all happen, 
right?"

"Stacy, I -"

Stacy persisted. "RIGHT?"

"Yes," whispered Colleen, her red face showing embarrassment as well 
as impending tears.

"Colleen, listen to me.  You're my friend, and you'll always be my 
friend. But this is exasperating!  I know you have it in you to do 
what you have to do.  Why is it so hard for you?"

"I don't know, Stacy.  I guess I don't have a role model.  I don't 
know how to do this on a day in and day out basis!  I need to be 
mentored, or something."

"Bingo!" exclaimed Stacy.  "Okay, here's what I'll do for you.  At 
the end of the week, you call Vance and tell him in no uncertain 
terms that the only way this will work is on your terms.  And 
further, that there will be a written, signed contract stating the 
terms of the relationship, and that any further breakup will be 
permanent.  He agrees to leave you completely alone forever if the 
relationship ends again."

Colleen was looking hopeful now.

"And that's not all," continued Stacy.  "After the contract is 
signed, there will be a ceremony of sorts to get things started on 
the right foot.  He will be disciplined severely by me and you as I 
show you how to handle him.  I'll do this for you one time."

"Stacy, thank you!  I know I have it in me, that's why this bothers 
me so much."

"When you set up the session, I want you to get a two quart enema bag 
if you don't have one already, a bar of Ivory soap, a leather strap, 
a paddle, a wooden hairbrush, and a strap-on dildo," Stacy directed.  
She further instructed Colleen to allow four to six hours for the 
entire session, and asked to be told of its scheduling at the 
earliest possible time.

Colleen spent the remainder of the week in a frequent bad mood.  She 
was impatient to force resolution of the relationship problem, 
knowing at the same time that she dare not soften her stance.  She 
also frequently scolded herself for having weakened her dominant 
demeanor with Vance, and resolved to herself that it would be 
different henceforth.

When the week-long banishment of Vance was over, Colleen, after going 
through the potential conversation in her mind many times over, 
picked up the phone and called him.  After Vance's profuse admission 
that he missed her terribly, she got right to the point.  She told 
him, in a dispassionate voice, that the relationship had to be on her 
terms.  She told him about the signed contract for discipline, and 
that if he left again, there would be no further contact.  Then she 
mentioned the requirement for a lengthy punishment session before she 
would officially take him back.  Vance readily agreed to all the 
terms that Colleen had outlined, and they scheduled the get-together 
for Sunday at 2 PM.  Vance asked if he could see her before then, and 
Colleen crisply told him that it was out of the question, and that 
she didn't want to hear from him before the session.

Colleen notified Stacy of the scheduled time of the session, and went 
shopping for the items on Stacy's list that she didn't have.  Four 
hours hence, she was the proud owner of a red two-quart enema bag, 
several new bars of Ivory soap, a new strap-on harness with several 
attachments, and, just for good measure, two new paddles.  She 
already had the wooden hairbrush and some leather straps.  She 
reflected on the fact that she was partial to administering the 
leather strap, liking the sound of the leather when it strikes the 
bare bottom of her charge.

Sunday afternoon found Vance at Colleen's house a little after 2 PM, 
making conversation, when the doorbell rang.  She admitted Stacy, a 
tall, slender woman with straight shoulder-length blonde hair and 
penetrating eyes.  It was at this point that Vance knew that he was 
in for a very severe session.  Colleen performed introductions, and 
when the pleasantries were taken care of, Stacy mentioned that she 
wanted to talk to each of them separately, and that she'd start with 
Colleen.  Vance excused himself to the bedroom and closed the door, 
leaving the two women in the front room.  Stacy clarified their 
respective roles in today's session and gave Colleen a last chance to 
back out and call the session off.  Colleen acknowledged that she had 
made some serious mistakes in the relationship and steadfastly 
maintained that she wanted today's session to take place.

Stacy was more thorough and probing in her questioning of Vance.  She 
made sure that he understood that the session would be focused on his 
punishment and submission, and that if he backed out of the session 
at any stage he would have no further relationship with Colleen.  
Although visibly afraid of what he was going to go through, he said 
that he really wanted to get back together with Colleen.  Stacy also 
emphasized the importance of Vance's understanding of the terms of 
the relationship and that Colleen was going to administer frequent 
and harsh discipline whenever she determined that he needed it.  When 
that was settled, they all met back in the front room.

Stacy, taking charge of the session, instructed Vance to get 
completely undressed.  "We're starting out with a hairbrush spanking. 
 He'll get fifty swats from me," she said as she sat down on a 
straight-backed chair.  As Stacy lifted the front of her skirt away 
from her knees Colleen handed her the hairbrush. Vance, following his 
instructions, positioned himself over her lap.  

"Vance," Stacy began, "the purpose of this session is to punish you 
severely enough so that you will have an incentive never to foolishly 
defy Colleen again."

With that, Stacy began the hairbrush spanking.  There were no warmup 
swats, as may be the case in erotic spanking play; she instead 
delivered each swat very hard and forcefully, alternating between the 
right and left nether cheeks.  Vance accepted the first ten swats 
without much complaint.  However, he yelled and kicked his legs as 
Stacy applied the second set of ten swats.  After she had applied 
twenty five, Vance was yelling and carrying on so much that Stacy had 
to pause.

"Vance, you are being punished," admonished Stacy.  "If you can't 
take a hairbrush spanking, I don't think you deserve to be with 
Colleen.  Do you want to leave now?"

"No," he whimpered.

"Then I suggest that you settle down and show her that you want to be 
with her," scolded Stacy.  "I want you to keep your feet on the 
floor, or you'll run the risk of getting extra swats.  Your hairbrush 
spanking is only half over, so you'd better get some self-control and 
show Colleen that you can take it."

"Okay, but it hurts!" whined Vance.

Without further comment Stacy renewed Vance's spanking with harder 
strokes than before.  Colleen winced several times as Vance amply 
vocalized his predicament.

"Ow!  Owwww!  OWWWW!  Ahhhh!  NO!  PLEASE," he cried as Stacy, her 
irritation growing, smacked his bottom with fierce determination.  
"Oh stop!  PLEASE!  It HURTS!  OWWWWW!  AHHHH," he continued, 
pounding on the floor with both hands and starting to kick his legs 
again.  Stacy delivered the final ten swats as hard as she could, 
with Vance openly crying now.

"Colleen, have you ever given enemas?" she asked.  

"I've only taken a few myself, but not given any," was the reply.

Stacy resumed her directing of the scene.  "He's going to get two 
enemas.  The first is a warm soapsuds enema with Ivory soap, and the 
second will be plain warm water as a rinse.  We'll need some 
vegetable oil for the lube.  I'd like you to bring some, and I'll 
show you what to do."  She then instructed Vance to place a large 
towel on the floor in the bedroom and get on his hands and knees, 
with his forehead touching the floor.  She proceeded to assemble the 
enema equipment and attached the douche nozzle.  When Colleen 
returned with some olive oil in a small bottle, Stacy showed her how 
to prepare a sudsy enema solution in the bag and flush the air out of 
the tube.

With Stacy carrying the red enema bag, they were ready to begin.  
Colleen lubed up the douche nozzle with olive oil.  Stacy instructed 
her to press the tip of the nozzle on Vance's rosebud and insert it.  

"Aaaauh!" he cried as the first part of the nozzle went in.  

"Deeper," instructed Stacy, and Colleen pushed the nozzle in 
significantly further.  Stacy, still carrying the enema bag, adjusted 
its height and released the clamp.  The warm soapy solution 
immediately entered Vance's innards.

"Uhhhhh!  Oh no!  Gahhhhhh!" he exclaimed as the sensation of the 
cleansing solution caused him to feel full.  Adding to his discomfort 
was the feeling of submission due to his position on the floor and 
the power of the two women administering his punishment.  Stacy 
lowered the height of the bag slightly to cause the fluid to enter 
Vance's colon more slowly.  

"Rock back and forth, and from side to side," Stacy instructed. "That 
will ease the solution going in.  It's only two quarts."  Vance, 
feeling silly, did as he was advised, but still felt very full.

"Oh! I'm so full! Please stop!"

"No, you just keep taking it or I'll have to take your mind off the 
enema with the hairbrush," admonished Stacy.  "Colleen, please bring 
the hairbrush here in case I have to use it."  With a smile, Colleen 
quickly fetched the wooden hairbrush and handed it to Stacy.

The last of the soapy water gurgled in the bag as it coursed down the 
enema tube and through the douche nozzle.  When Stacy was sure that 
all the water had gone where intended, she asked Colleen to pull the 
nozzle out.  Vance groaned as the douche pipe was withdrawn.  "You 
stay in that position now for five minutes.  The enema has to do its 
work," demanded Stacy.  "Keep rocking and it will be easier."

Vance moaned loudly as a cramp came on, peaked, and vanished in a 
matter of several seconds.  His protests became more strident. 
"Ahhhhhh! It hurts! Please let me go! Ohhhhhh!"

Stacy slapped the hairbrush five times on Vance's right nether cheek. 
 "Your enema time is not over yet!  You let it do its work!" she 
scolded.  He continued to groan for the remainder of the five 
minutes, although he subdued his protests.  Stacy allowed him to go 
empty himself out, and advised him to take a full fifteen minutes to 
do so.  When he came back, Stacy recommended that Colleen prepare the 
plain water enema for the rinse, and supervised her.

"Down on all fours again with your forehead touching the floor," 
Stacy directed Vance.  She also told Colleen to hold the bag this 
time, and lubed and inserted the douche nozzle.  Colleen released the 
clamp and the rinsing enema began to flow.  Since he had already 
taken a previous enema, this one went in fairly quickly.  Vance began 
to protest rather loudly about feeling full and having to go, and 
Colleen was becoming very irritated.  Stacy handed the hairbrush to 
her, and she vigorously slapped Vance's bottom several times with it. 
 Groaning and rocking back and forth, Vance endured the five minutes 
of enema retention.  Colleen then ordered him to get rid of the enema 
and told him to get cleaned up in the shower afterward.  During the 
time Vance was in the bathroom and shower, Colleen explained to 
Stacy, as she arranged some pillows on the bed and covered them with 
a towel, that she was very irritated at Vance's behavior and that a 
good strapping was next on the agenda.  Stacy nodded in approval when 
she heard this from Colleen.

After Vance's shower, he entered the bedroom to find Colleen holding 
a two-tailed tawse in her hand and looking at him with her lips 
pressed tightly together and fiery eyes.  She pointed to the pillows 
stacked in the center of the bed and brusquely instructed, "Face down 
over the pillows.  I'm going to give you a strapping you won't soon 
forget!  I'm very upset with your past behavior."

Vance, wide-eyed with fear, in a trembling voice, said, "No, Colleen! 
Please!"

Stacy interrupted with, "Vance, as I told you at the beginning of the 
session, you can leave anytime.  But if you leave, it's for keeps!"  
Vance, his eyes welling up with tears and his head bowed in defeat, 
slowly crawled on top of the bed and positioned himself face down 
over the pillows with a big sigh.  Colleen wasted no time in 
commencing the leathering of his backside.  Bending her knees with 
each stroke, she delivered the swats with a follow-through that 
commanded admiration from Stacy.  At the beginning of the strapping, 
Vance gave a staccato shout with each stroke.  As the leathering 
progressed, his cries became more open and prolonged, until he was 
wildly kicking his legs and writhing under her fury.  She was not 
keeping track of the number of strokes she administered, but stopped 
after she applied around fifty.  Colleen, her face drenched with 
sweat, and panting, cast the tawse on the bed and took a few moments 
to regain her composure.

"Very good, Colleen," complimented Stacy.

After establishing that Colleen had never used a strap-on dildo and 
Vance has never been on the receiving end of one, Stacy suggested 
that both women be involved in the next phase of the session.  She 
could tell that Vance was starting to get scared when he got his 
first look at the strap-on equipment.  Colleen took her clothes off 
and Stacy helped her assemble the equipment.  Colleen's eyes 
brightened when she inserted the vaginal attachment as she fastened 
the harness.  Then Stacy helped her attach the gel probe to the 
harness.  Stacy recommended that Vance should be positioned bent over 
the ottoman, so Colleen moved it into the middle of the family room 
and waited for further direction.

Directing a stern look at Vance, Stacy told him that this next step 
will not be fun for him.  "Although you may come to enjoy it in the 
future," she said, "this time it's strictly for punishment.  This is 
your last chance to back out of the session and the relationship.  Do 
you want to take the oppportuity to back out?"

Vance gazed at the eight inch gel structure that sprang from Collen's 
hips, then looked into her bright eyes and quietly said, "I'll stay."

"Down over the ottoman then," directed Stacy.  When he took his 
position, she told him to spread his knees apart, and then directed 
Collen to lube him up really well.  Colleen began with one finger, 
working a generous amount of water-based lubricant in and around 
Vance's back way.  Stacy told her how to find the prostate and 
cautioned her that the sensation is pleasurable for the male and not 
to spend much time on it now, as this session is for punishment.  
Colleen applied lubricant to the gel probe and Stacy directed her to 
place the head of the probe on Vance's rosebud.  His entire body 
stiffened when the tip of the probe touched him as he grasped the 
inevitability of what was about to happen.  Stacy told Colleen to 
slowly push the head of the probe into Vance.  She pushed the tip 
inside and Vance started to protest, saying that it was too big.  
Colleen slapped Vance several times on his right nether cheek and 
told him to settle down.  Stacy told her to pause and let Vance 
adjust to the feeling before going in further.  After a moment, Stacy 
then told her to go ahead and move in and out in short strokes.  
Collen took some time to get accustomed to the equipment and 
accidentally pulled out completely, whereupon Stacy told her to add 
some more lube and go back in.

Colleen re-inserted the strap-on probe, and Vance began to make a 
fuss, so Stacy straddled Vance's back, facing Colleen, and, while 
remaining standing, firmly placed her hands above Vance's hips to 
keep him still.  "Sink it all the way in now," Stacy directed.  
Colleen steadily pushed until the probe was in up to the hilt, and 
Vance uttered a raucous "Aaaauuuuugh!"

"Work that cock in his ass," instructed Stacy as she pressed harder 
with her hands to keep Vance still.  "Start with slow small strokes 
and work up to fast long ones."  Vance renewed his protest.  
Exasperated, Stacy said, "Just fuck him, Colleen!"

Colleen needed no further encouragement and proceeded to drive it 
fast and hard.  Vance still protested, but Stacy managed to keep him 
still.  Now aroused, Colleen was thoroughly enjoying fucking Vance as 
the vaginal attachment was rubbing inside her.  After another minute 
she closed her eyes and firmly pounded the dildo into Vance, gritting 
her teeth and saying, "Yes... Yes!  Yes!"  Then with an abrupt 
thrust, she shuddered and climaxed, and then slowed her tempo until 
she finally stopped.  Panting with her mouth open, she had a radiant 
satisfied smile on her face, and pulled the dildo out.

She asked Vance if he understood how angry she was with him.  Shakily 
he answered, "Yes ma'am.  I'm really sorry, Colleen.  I'll do 
better!"

"That's good," answered Collen, "because I'm going to fuck you with 
this strap-on every night for a week, to drive home the importance of 
this.  Do you understand?"

"Oh, no!  I mean, y-y-yes, Colleen."

"That's better," she stated.

The next evening found the dark-haired Colleen, her eyes twinkling, 
telling Vance to get undressed and lay face-down on the bed over some 
pillows.  "Oh, please, Colleen!" he answered.

"Now, Vance," she admonished, "I'm going to fuck your brains out, and 
you're going to submit to me, every night this week.  Do you want a 
fucking, or do you want a severe strapping AND a good fucking?"  She 
looked at him sternly, her head cocked to one side, her lips pressed 
together in a thin smile and her hands on her hips.  Thirty minutes 
later she was in the throes of an intense climax as she drove the 
strap-on fast and hard, while Vance pounded his fists furiously on 
the bed.


-----
I hope you enjoyed this story. I enjoyed writing it. This work is 
copyright by the author, and commercial use is prohibited without 
permission.  Archiving and reposting of this story unmodified is 
permitted provided that no fee is charged, either directly or 
indirectly (including so-called "adult checks") and provided that 
this disclaimer and attribution to the original author (rick_oh at 
onolanke.router5.com) are maintained. .  My other stories can be seen at 
http://www.asstr.org/~rick_oh/
