In My Old Neighborhood
by Emi Tsuruta

A few days after my cousin Namie's wedding in Tokyo, my boyfriend Ryosuke finally came down to visit my parent's house in Kamakura.  My mom tried to make out like it was some big thing, but actually, I just wanted to spend some time alone with Ryosuke.  My mom helped me clean up, and I told her not to bother us, but I swear she's just as bad as Ryosuke's mom, always hovering around, keeping an eye on me and any boy I bring home.  It drives me crazy. 

Ryosuke finally showed up, and I took him up to my room.  My mom brought us up some Uron tea, and kept flitting around, making me nervous, but eventually we heard her go downstairs.  Ryosuke and I sat there kind of awkwardly for a while.  I wanted to tell him about the wedding, but I was worried my mom might be listening.  He picked up a catalogue that was lying on the floor. 

"What's this?" 

"Oh, that's from the wedding.  We get to pick our own gift." 

He looked at it a bit surprised.  I don't know how weddings go in the States, but apparently, this kind of thing is getting more popular in Japan. 

"What are you going to choose?" 

"I don't know." 

All the gifts they have are pretty cheap: towels and wash cloths, cups and stuff like that.  I hadn't seen anything I wanted, but Ryosuke quickly found the clothes page. 

"What about this?" he said pointing to a picture of a model.  She was wearing a robin's egg blue camisole and matching pair of bikini underpants. I just laughed. 

"You would choose that." 

"What?  You'd look good in it." Eventually, he talked me into ordering them.  I phoned the catalogue company, and they said it'd be here in a few days.  While I was on the phone, Ryosuke had managed to find my high school yearbook.  I hung up the phone, and tried to keep him from looking at it. 

"Oh, don't look.  I look horrible." 

"Don't be silly.  You must've been the cutest girl in the whole school. Let's see." He started flipping through.  "Hey, I didn't know you were in the swim team." 

"I told you!" 

"Oh yeah, that's right." 

I couldn't believe he forgot.  Finally, he found a picture of me with my class. 

"Wow, you weren't lying.  You guys did have the shortest skirts." 

I looked at the picture.  Now I realize that they were pretty short, but it didn't bother me at the time.  Norika had even re-sewed hers to make it shorter.  I was pretty innocent back then so I didn't think much about it. 

"Do you still have your uniform?" 

"What?  Why?" 

"Get it out.  I want to see." 

I felt really embarrassed.  It had been ages since I last wore it.  I guess I haven't changed that much since high school, but I was a little worried that it might not even fit.  I was 21 now for heaven's sake, not a little girl anymore.  I really didn't want to show him, but he finally got me to dig it out. 

"Here put it on." 

I gave him this look.  It's like he's got some kind of thing for schoolgirl uniforms.  In Shibuya, he'd been drooling all over these two girls we'd seen.  Their skirts were so short I could hardly believe it. They were probably so used to it that it didn't seem strange to them. Ryosuke had this wicked gleam in his eye. 

I didn't want to put on my old uniform, but I didn't want to argue either, so eventually, I agreed.  I checked the hall to see if my mom was coming, but it looked like she was still downstairs.  I squeezed out of my jeans.  Ryosuke looked pretty happy to see me in my undies.  I quickly pulled on my old navy pleated mini-skirt.  Luckily, it still fit!  That was a relief.  That would have been pretty embarrassing if it was so small I couldn't get into it.  The hem though seemed so short.  I couldn't believe I used to wear this every day. 

"Wow!  You look great!  Put on the blouse too." 

I took off my t-shirt, and put on the blouse.  I don't think I've grown that much, but for some reason, it just barely covered my belly button. 

"Wow!  You look so sexy.  I wish I'd gone to your school." 

I looked down, embarrassed. 

"Here let's go for a walk." 

"I can't go out like this!  My mom would think I'd gone crazy!" 

He kept nodding though for me to try. 

"OK, I've got an idea.  Pack it up in your bag, and we'll go find some place where you can change into it." 

"Oh, this is silly, Ryosuke." 

"C'mon.  It'll be fun.  It'll be like old times.  You can show me where your high school is." 

I still wasn't so sure, but anyway, I changed back into my jeans and t-shirt, and told my mom we were going out.  It would be good to get out of the house.  It was too nerve-wracking to be here with Ryosuke with my mom hovering around. 

Once we were outside, Ryosuke started telling about places he'd found nearby.  They were back toward the station, but I didn't want to go that way because I was afraid I'd run into someone I knew.  Instead, I led Ryosuke up the steep hillside that our house is on.  At the top of the hill, we passed a sign for this big park right near my house. 

"What's that?" 

"Oh, it's just this park with a soccer field and some tennis courts." 

"Oh, that sounds interesting.  Let's check it out." 

When I was young, we used to come to this park a lot.  It's not far from my house at all.  I showed him the soccer field. 

"Too out in the open," he frowned.  'Too out in the open for what?' I wondered.  He was obviously planning something.  Did he want me to change outdoors?  That would be a bit much. 

At the top of the park, there's this path that goes along the edge, and then runs around this forested hill, and then back down the other side.  It was true that there didn't seem to be many people around.  It's usually a pretty popular place to go in the summer, but I guess it was a weekday, and it'd been raining earlier.  We did see some people over by the soccer field, out walking dogs or getting drinks from the machine.  They didn't seem to be heading this way though. 

We followed the pathway around the hill and out of view of the field. On the other side, there is this long stone stairway that leads down through the woods back to where people live.  I guess people don't use this path so much because there's another shortcut down the hill nearby.  I kept peering down the path though, half expecting to see someone come up. 

"It's perfect," he said with this satisfied look.  I just looked at him, still not quite sure what he wanted to do. 

We stood there halfway down the stairs in the shade of the trees looking up and down to see if anyone was coming.  I could hear the wind whistling through the branches overhead, but other than that, it was pretty quiet. Ryosuke gestured for me to get on with it, but I just shook my head not sure what he wanted me to do. 

"Change into your uniform," he grinned. 

"I can't...  out here," I shook my head.  He came closer, and gave me a kiss, reassuring me that it would be alright.  To tell you the truth, I thought the whole idea was crazy.  We were far too close to my house, so we could bump into someone I know.  He was pretty insistent though. 

"Pretty please," he pleaded.  I glared at him, shaking my head at how hopeless he is, but I finally set my bag down.  I know I'm going to regret this.  I sent Ryosuke to check the top and bottom of the stairs just to make sure that no one was coming.  He ran up the stairs to the top and then back down to the bottom, and then gave me an OK signal. 

Still nervous, I slipped off my shoes, and stood on top of them to keep from getting my socks wet.  Then I undid my jeans, and slid them off as quickly as I could.  I pulled my t-shirt off shivering a bit from being outside in my underwear. 

Ryosuke came back up, and took my t-shirt from me, looking me up and down.  He was getting all excited though, so soon he reached out, and started pulling down my panties.  I gasped, and peered all around worried that someone might be watching.  There was no one at the top of the hill, but there was a house at the bottom.  Luckily, it seemed like no one was home.  It was kind of a beautiful place though with the sloping stone steps, and willow trees swaying in the wind.  Ryosuke motioned for me to lift my feet, and before I knew it he'd taken my panties clear off. 

Ryosuke fiddled with my bra, but couldn't get it undone, so I had to help him.  It's not like I wanted to strip naked, but now that I was, it was kind of exciting.  It's such a weird feeling, the wind on your body, the fear, the excitement.  I don't know why I like it so much, but I do. 

Embarrassed, I squatted down, and did up my shoes, but Ryosuke signaled for me to stand up, so he could take my picture.  I stood up, and spread out my arms, letting him see. 

"Taa daa!" I laughed, shaking so much I almost fell over.  It did feel good.  My whole body was flushing hot with embarrassment and this wonderful warm feeling.  Ryosuke started touching me, but I pushed his hand away.  It was bad enough being naked out here without doing anything else. 

Ryosuke stuffed my clothes in my bag, and then took a bunch of pictures. I posed a bit, but I was so embarrassed I swear.  This was my old neighborhood, and here I was running around naked in broad daylight. 

Suddenly, Ryosuke turned, and started walking down the stairs.  I stayed there for a sec kind of afraid of what might be down there, but then I realized he had all my clothes, so I ran after him.  When he got to the corner of the fence, he stopped there, looking down at the house just below. 

"Do you suppose there's anyone home?" he whispered. 

"I don't know.  Listen, Ryosuke I think you'd better give me my clothes back.  This is getting too dangerous." I kept looking back up the stairs scared that someone would come.  He didn't listen though.  He stepped out from behind the corner, and continued on down the stairs in full view of the house and backyard below.  About halfway down, he set my bag down, and then came back up. 

"If you can go that far, you can put your clothes back on." 

It wasn't that far to his bag, but the problem was the path was in clear view of the house.  If anyone were home, they'd see me for sure.  I begged for Ryosuke to have mercy, but he insisted I try.  I slowly gathered my courage, and then when I was ready, I stepped right out into the middle of the path, and started tiptoeing down the stairs.  My whole body was awash with all these feelings.  I hate to admit it, but I was getting completely wet down there, if you know what I mean.  I could feel this wave of pleasure welling up inside me, but I finally made it to my bag, picked it up, and ran back.  Now that I think about it, I don't know how I did it. That has to be one of the crazier things I've done. 

Ryosuke let me pull on my uniform, but not my undies.  This skirt was way too short, but he gave me this playful spank on the bottom, and told me to behave myself, or else I'd really be in for it.  I really didn't want to go walking around like that, but I ended up following him down, and walking out onto the street like that.  I was so horny I didn't even know what I was doing anymore. 

We passed a mother and her daughter.  The mother gave me a disapproving look.  I tried to ignore her, but it was like every time we passed someone, they'd stare.  Without a bra, you could kind of see where my nipples are through the thin material of my white blouse.  Guys would turn, and go gaga over my bare behind, but my skirt was too short for me to cover up.  To make matters worse, I was probably blushing like anything. 

We came to my school, and luckily, there was no one there.  It seemed to be all locked up for the summer.  We went around the back to the playground, but those doors were locked too.  I'd hate to think what would have happened if I'd walked into school like that.  My old swimming coach and all my old teachers were probably still teaching there.  It would have been way too embarrassing to have them see me like this. 

Ryosuke walked over to the taps, and took a drink.  I guess American schools don't have this, but in a lot of Japanese schools, there's a bench with a long concrete trough with water taps on the other side, so you can get a drink, or wash up after gym class.  I hid as best I could in the shade of the school pulling my skirt down to cover up, and looked out at the playing field.  Ryosuke came back, and shielded me a bit when a couple of cars drove by. 

I started to remember what it was like when I was in high school. Michiyo and I used to have a crush on this one boy, Tomo, on the baseball team, so we'd sit out here, and watch him play.  We'd yell "Gambare!" which means something like 'good luck.' He would smile, and hit the ball way out into the outfield, but neither of us ever got up the nerve to go, and talk to him.  Still, it was a lot of fun. 

Ryosuke pulled his camera out of his bag again. 

"Here, let me take your picture." 

I pulled my long hair back, and wiped the sweat off my brow. 

"Oh, don't.  I look horrible." 

He came over, and gave me the gentlest kiss. 

"You look beautiful.  C'mon.  It'll make a nice memento." 

I brought two fingers to my lips where he'd kissed me.  It'd kind of surprised me.  I looked down shyly, but I guess he could tell I'd enjoyed his kiss.  I tried to pretend that I didn't, but I was beginning to want him. 

"Here I have an idea," he said coming closer to whisper in my ear.  "Go over there, and take a drink." 

The taps were way out in the sun, and if I bent over, you'd be able to see my bare bottom.  I looked around at all the houses on the streets surrounding the school.  I finally got up the nerve, ran over to the taps as fast as I could, and took a quick drink.  I could feel the skirt riding up.  I felt so naughty.  What would my swim coach say if she saw me?  I half imagined Tomo and the other baseball players streaming by smiling at me as they ran past. 

Ryosuke came over, and started touching me again, but I straightened up, worried.  We were out in the sun in the middle of this wide open playground. There was no way I was going to make love in my old school playground in broad daylight. 

"We've got to find someplace else," I whispered. 

"Where?" he said still stroking me. 

"I don't know.  Maybe Enoshima." Enoshima is an island near my house, like a mountain really, but you can get there by crossing this bridge. It's a famous place for couples with lots of trees and romantic lookouts over the ocean. 

I wanted to change back into my jeans, or at least get my underwear back, but of course Ryosuke wouldn't let me.  I felt really embarrassed when we got on the train.  I had to stand in front of these three surfer guys who were seated.  They peered down curiously at my bare thighs, and when I lifted my arm to grab the handrail above, I think they saw my pussy. They didn't say anything, but you could tell from the way they were grinning.  I looked to Ryosuke hoping he would rescue me, but he just shrugged.  It was only a few stops, but it felt like forever.  I was so relieved when we finally got off. 

Our first idea was to maybe hide under the highway that goes across the sandbar to the island.  We hid in the shadow of one of the pillars, and kissed a bit, but suddenly there were all these people popping up, so we had to give up, and go back up to the road.  We walked across to the island, and then up this narrow shopping street lined with souvenir shops. The street was on a very steep slope, and the wind kept blowing my skirt up. I pushed it back down as fast as I could, but the feeling of the breeze between my legs was driving me crazy.  Ryosuke just thought it was funny. 

"Hey, careful...  unless you want the whole island to see." 

I glared at him.  If only he'd give me my panties back, I wouldn't have to go through all this.  I held my skirt as we walked up the rest of the street.  Just past the end of the row of shops, the road branches off to the left, and you can either walk up the stairs, or pay for an escalator that goes to the top.  I kind of got distracted looking at the entrance to the escalator, and didn't notice this young family sitting on the rocks at the side of the road.  They definitely noticed me though.  I was standing up the hill holding onto my purse instead of my skirt.  When I turned around, the father's eyes were almost popping out of his head.  I just kind of spaced out for a minute, and then I realized he could see my bare bottom. I quickly closed my legs, and pushed my skirt back down, but it was too late.  Even his wife had seen me by then, and they both looked pretty shocked. 

I started to get worried about what they might do, so I pulled Ryosuke up the stairs and away as quickly as possible.  I could feel them watching me though as we walked up the hill. 

We climbed up and down hills and stairs.  Then we came to this one place where this narrow bridge looks down at the waves crashing against the rocks at the bottom of the cliff.  I held onto the handrail, and leaned out over the edge to take a look, but the wind was so strong it was blowing my skirt up all over the place.  I leaned way out.  To tell you the truth, I was kind of enjoying the breeze by then.  Ryosuke took more pictures, but I became worried that someone might see, so I pushed my skirt back down, and hurried away. 

A bit further on, Ryosuke showed me this path I'd never seen before that leads through the woods, and then down to the rocky shore.  It reminded me a bit of the nude beach in Oceanview.  We looked all around.  We could hear seagulls up in the sky, but there didn't seem to be anyone there.  Still, I was so nervous I was shaking all over. 

Ryosuke lay down in the tall reeds by the shore.  He signaled for me to take off my blouse.  I looked around, but couldn't see anyone, so I took it off, savoring the feeling of the cool breeze on my bare breasts.  Ryosuke pulled me over until I was sitting on top of him.  He got a condom out, and it took a few minutes to get it on.  I was just so nervous, 'cause someone might come along at any minute, so we had to hurry. 

Once he'd got the condom on, he maneuvered me over his penis, and pulled me down onto him.  It was kind of embarrassing being on top, but I was so wet it slid right in, deep inside me.  I started rocking my hips back and forth squeezing him as it slid in and out.  He undid my skirt, and pulled it off over my head.  I lifted up his shirt, and leaned forward to rub my nipples against his chest.  It did feel good to finally be doing it. 

The more excited I got, the more I sped up my rocking.  Ryosuke kept shuddering.  I knew he couldn't take much more.  I got myself off first, but continued pumping.  He came soon after.  I lay down on top of with him still inside of me.  He finally pushed me off of him.  I was like completely gone.  I didn't even worry anymore about being naked.  We lay there for a long time just panting and snuggling. 

When I finally came back to my senses, I washed off quickly in the ocean, and then finally got my jeans and t-shirt from Ryosuke's bag.  We went up to the top of the hill, and got cleaned up a bit more in the washroom there.  When we headed back down the hill, I swear, honest to god, we passed a couple of police officers coming the other way.  I'm sure they must have been looking for me.  Maybe the woman or someone had called them about us.  Luckily, they didn't recognize me in my jeans.  We were so lucky. This is probably one of the closest calls we've ever had.  If you ever do things like this, please do be careful. 

Anyway, I guess I'd better stop here for now.  I'll tell you more about the rest of our trip next time. 

