Entry #7 - (written at work while waiting on lab tests) 
I'm torn between 'that was really scary' and 'that was really exciting'. The lunch part was awesome. The part after that - in the clinic. Oh my god - if we'd gotten caught... actually caught. Wow. 

I'm glad we didn't. What's next on your list? Doing it in Cuddy's office?

Fantasy #4 
Outfits - I told you I had them. I have several.

******

You ask me to dress as a cheerleader. It's a little cliché, but it makes sense to start with the classics. (I do actually have this outfit.) You show up at my apartment for a 'tryout' and ask me to perform several simple gymnastic moves, most of which make my skirt flip from it's usual position, exposing the fact that I'm not wearing anything beneath it. Not even the little 'spanky' pants. You seem quite pleased with this development and ask me to perform several more gymnastics maneuvers.

Once that no longer interests you, you ask if I've ever been on the top of a pyramid while your large hands smooth up and down my legs, grazing the insides of my thighs, pushing my legs apart until I'm standing with them a bit more than shoulder-width. I tell you that I have been the top of the pyramid before and I like being on top. This pleases you, but you want to see more.

Your fingers have trailed up to my pussy and toyed with my clit until I'm so wet I'm dripping. You wave a hand for me to spin around, then you ask me to do a backbend over the arm of the couch - so I have support. Then you're leaning down, tasting me, feeding me all sorts of annoying (yet somehow sexy) cliché lines about being good for the team and whatnot.

It should be noted, you do everything you can short of making me come - something about being challenged. By this point, you're so hard you can't think straight and all you have the mind to do is fuck me so hard we nearly fall to the floor.

******

Next in outfits - naughty schoolgirl...

Entry #8 
Two days. And, by the way, I got the lipstick out of your shirt. That wasn't all that hard. Yes, I found it in the hospital laundry. Figured you'd want it back.

Fantasy #5 
'Freak on a leash'
I know you were expecting the schoolgirl outfit one, but I was running errands and saw a woman leading a man down the street by a leash attached to a collar and this hit me:

You stop by my place after work on a Friday with another 'gift'. You tell me to go to my room and put it on with nothing else but a pair of black heels. Imagine my shock when I find out there's nothing but a slim, pink, leather collar with the word 'Princess' stitched onto the front.

I step back into the living room to find you having a staring contest with my television. I'm in nothing but the collar, the shoes and a bit of shimmery body powder. I know you know I'm there. You always know.

It's not until you reach down to a bag by your feet that I realize there is a second part of this gift. I ask what it is and watch as you draw out a matching leather leash.

My heart stops for a second, because that's hot. The crazy thing kicks into double time when you finally look up and I can almost see your jeans getting tighter. I feel my body flush under your appreciative gaze. I want you to touch me, but you sit there on my couch, looking at me, making sure I know it, making sure I'm feeling self-conscious about standing all-but naked in front of you.

After an agonizing number of seconds (like fifteen), you get to your feet and move toward me, swinging the leash in your hands. Standing mere inches away, you reach up and loop your finger through the D-ring on the front of the collar, tugging on it just enough to put pressure on my neck. You don't speak (you rarely do), but the deep grunt from your chest shows appreciation and I feel my nipples harden.

In a flash, your finger moves, replaced by the clip at the end of the leash. You give a little tug to make sure it's secure, then draw me close. Hot breath on my skin bears the words, 'So, what do you think?' And all I can do is moan.

This seems to please you well enough that you slap my tits with the free end of the leash. I squeak and jump at the suddenness and the pain, but also feel fresh moisture between my legs. You are so turning me on.

Fantasy #6 
'Picnic'
Okay, yes, I want to go on a picnic. But this isn't any ordinary picnic. This is a very private picnic. We'll have a picnic basket, but it won't contain sandwiches and wine. There could be wine, I guess.

But, in the basket we'll have some foodstuffs appropriate for drizzling or smearing, the collar, the leash, some rope, a ball gag, a blindfold, the butterfly and any other of my toys you'd like to bring along.

I assume you can deduce what sorts of things might happen during this rather unconventional picnic. If you'd like some additional details, I'll write some up.

Entry #9 
I mentioned 'other toys' in the previous fantasy. I should probably point out that, in my room, there is a chest in the corner with a wide variety of interesting items. Now, there is a rule - no touching the toys without permission. I can't have you pawing all of my goodies.

Fantasy #7 
This one is all about you. Whatever you want, exactly the way you want it. Whatever you ask, you get. No questions. No fighting. No defiance. Nothing. Pure, unadulterated obedience. What you say goes.

If you tell me to sit on the floor at your feet with my head in your lap while we watch TV; that's what I'll do.

If you tell me to kneel between your legs and suck you off only during the commercial breaks; that's what I'll do.

You can do or say anything and I have to go along with it.

Entry #10 
I want you to know that hearing you scream-moan my name that first time (the one without the high-temp residual anger) was really sexy. I know, I looked a bit stunned, but I hadn't heard you use my first name before, but it was sexy. Really sexy. Just the thought of hearing you say my name like that again is turning me on. Uh - I have to go now...

Dream #3 
I dreamed of you again. (No, not all of my dreams are about you, but I don't write about the ones that aren't.) I come home one night and find you sprawled on my bed, naked except for your glasses, which you're only wearing so you can read the journal while you wait. When I come into the room, you tell me to put on a pair of bright pink heels (which I didn't even know I had, but maybe you brought them) and the leather collar and a little sheer apron. These items are laying out on the bed for me. I put them on and wait. 

Next you tell me to go to the kitchen to make tea. Believe me, I was confused too. That is, until I realized why - you wanted to watch my ass in this non-existent outfit. And also, to watch me carry a tray with teacups on it back into the bedroom - because you made me wait until you were back in there to deliver the tea.

With the tray in hand, you tell me to kneel without spilling any. Each drop I spill is one lash with the leash, but if I spill on purpose, you'll leave. Now there's a challenge - because I really want you to hit me, but I don't want you to leave, but the only way to get the punishment is to spill the tea, but if I spill it on purpose, I get nothing. Of course, I hadn't taken into account just how damned hard it is to kneel with a heavy tea tray in one's hands, so tea is spilled and I am very apologetic about spilling your tea.

My apology means nothing. Once the tea tray is on the bed, you drink your tea and let me have mine while I sit, anticipating my punishment. That is almost harder than kneeling with the tray - waiting. I hate waiting. But you make it so damned good when I do, that I manage to get through it. I spilled seven drops according to my count of the lashes you give me. But after those, you tell me that my ass isn't pink enough yet, so you 'double up' and hit me seven more times. By then, my legs are shaking and I'm very aroused. You are too, of course, and you make sure that I feel every thrust when you fuck me, because you've rolled me over so my ass is on the cotton sheets which feel very rough against my abused skin. I like it.

The damned alarm clock went off before we got to the good part though - 

Entry #11 
You're a bastard, you know that? One simple little question and you can't even give me an answer. Thank you so much for shoving a sharp stick into my vulnerability.

I'm going to have to set up a point system or something so you can keep up with how far you're backsliding. You idiot. All this information you seem to want so badly, you don't seem so keen on trying to get it. There are no more journals to sneak the information from, so if you want it, you have to go through me. And I won't give it to you until you earn it.

Dream #4 
And why do you show up in my dreams more often when I'm angry at you? Damn you.

There's a lifeboat, very small, but enough for one or two people to sit. I'm in the boat – alone. The water is a little choppy, but not so rough that it's rocking the boat. I'm actually, mostly, enjoying myself until I see a fin moving toward me, then circling the boat. A shark. How does it know to stay here. I'm not bleeding, I'm not even moving. How does it know there's anything even resembling possible food here?

I see it rise out of the water for a brief moment and it seems to have the bluest eyes. Do sharks have blue eyes? Then it's gone again to nothing but the circling dorsal fin.

All seems well until the shark starts charging the boat, pushing it, possibly trying to flip it over. I can't jump into the water, there's no safe haven there, and I can't stay in the boat. Just when I think it's all over, I'm stranded on an island.. with a dog that won't stop barking at me. The odd thing is, beyond the dog is a dolphin jumping from the waves. From my position, the dolphin appears to be jumping around the dog – almost as though it's playing with the dog, despite all the noise.

Really odd dream, but I figure the shark and the dog are you. I haven't worked out what all of the images mean, but I'm getting there.

Fantasy #8 
Outfits - #2

Naughty schoolgirl, which includes a white button-down shirt, a vest, a plaid, pleated skirt, white cotton panties, white scrunchy socks and those saddle shoes. Hair in pigtails and a pair of black glasses complete the look. (There can be schoolbooks too, if you'd like.)

Just the outfit seems to be enough to turn you on at first sight, but there's always more than that. You sit me in a desk to take my lessons and have me jump around and run like I'm in gym class or at recess. By this point, you can't resist tugging on the pigtails and do so in order to drag me across your lap. You flip the skirt up and rub your hand over the panties for a bit before smacking your hand down against my ass. You tell me I've been very bad in school today and that you're going to have to punish me. You slap my ass until your hand is sore, then tell me I have to kneel on the floor and suck you off while wearing my little schoolgirl outfit.

After I've done that, you tell me to sit in a chair and rub myself through the little panties so you can watch. You tell me I'm not allowed to come until you say so and it's absolute torture waiting for your 'okay'... that never seems to come.

Entry #12 
What, exactly, do you have against holidays? Are there any at all that you like? Forget the capitalism of it all for a minute. Go back to the way they're supposed to be. Do you just hate them on principle or did you get beat up by a Hallmark store when you were little? 

Not everyone gives gifts with the sole purpose of receiving one in return. I'm one of those people. If I give gifts, it's because I want to. Because I think it will make the person happy. I don't expect anything in return. (Maybe the words 'thank you'.)

You giant grouch.

Entry #13 
I'm sorry.

I'm sorry I was such a brat. But it's not very nice to mess up other people's things. I just wanted candy and flowers around - they all looked nice.

I won't do it again.

******

Are you really angry with me? Over flowers and candy? The candy was mostly for you. I really did have some fun stuff planned. Not for Valentine's Day, because I figured you'd be elsewhere, but I thought using the card was a nice way to send the message without being overt. I just wanted you to come play with me. It's been - a while. Over a week. I know it doesn't seem like very long, but it's a long time to go without being able to taste you.

I'm sorry. Again.

Dream #5 
I think my dreams are getting weirder.

This time, I'm your pet. Literally. I mean, I'm still me, but you treat me like I'm an actual pet. I'm in a collar and on a leash wherever we go. At home, you make me crawl around on all fours and if you go out for a while, you lock me in a crate. Even at night, when you go to bed, you put me in the crate. It's in your room, so I'm still close to you, but I'm in an animal crate.

I guess it's not all bad, but the only position we ever have sex in is, right, doggy-style. Not that I mind, but I can't believe it's exciting for you that way. Or comfortable.

You call me your 'bitch' and pet me and feed me from dishes on the floor. I'm completely dependent on you for everything and it's quite odd and a little disconcerting. What if you leave me? What would I do then?

I was shaking a little when I woke up from that one.

Fantasy #9 
Ask First: - I've had this one floating around in my head for a little while, but I'm putting it down on paper now:

I'm at your place – you've decided I should be there, maybe your leg hurt or you wanted a change of scenery, whatever, we're there. We're doing something, getting going, having fun and you tie me, spreadeagle, to the bed. As you're putting on the blindfold, the door opens in the living room and it's suddenly very quiet in the bedroom.

I'm horrified, but you seem cool as a cucumber. You press a finger to your lips, telling me to be quiet, slip the blindfold into place, then step out to the hallway to greet Stacy (of course it's Stacy, no one else can get in without assaulting the door). I can't hear much, but I hear you mention that you have a gift for her. Oh shit! She seems intrigued by this prospect.

I'm naked, blindfolded and tied to the bed and the only thing I know is that you're coming back into the room… with Stacy. I hear her groan your name, then the sound of a hand slapping skin – I assume she smacked your bare chest.

"What the hell…?" she stops talking, presumably because you've either kissed her or pressed your talented mouth to her neck or something. I hear her moan softly and laugh and breathe and everything. I hear that sound from her that means she's consenting to whatever you're asking. Giving in to you – like everyone eventually does.

"Cameron," your voice is soft and I feel your hand on my leg. “There's someone here who wants to play with your hot little body.” And oh how I wish you meant yourself.

“Um – Greg...”

“Now, Stacy, don't refuse such a wonderful gift. She might be offended.”

“Greg, are you sure she's okay with this? She looks – nervous.”

Your large hand strokes solidly along my inner thigh – one of your soothing touches that let's me know you're looking out for me. “She's fine with it. Fully consenting. Isn't that right, Cameron?”

I nod my head as confidently as I can. But Stacy's right, I'm nervous about this. But I'm okay.

“Stacy, come on. It's a gift. You've wanted to try this. Controlled situation, captive audience, cheering section...” Oh god, you are such a perv, of course you're going to watch.

It's quiet for a while until I hear fabric rustling and Stacy giggling. Bastard, you're supposed to be doing things to me. I hear you whispering, but I can't tell what you're saying, then the bed dips and hands are touching me, but they're not yours. Oh God, I hope they're Stacy's.

Up my legs, over my hips, circling my breasts – complete with a tweak to each nipple that makes me jump – along my throat until slender fingers push into my mouth. I suck them in, tasting each one, curling my tongue around them like I do when the fingers in my mouth are yours. She seems pleased with this and withdraws her fingers to slide them around my nipples. I moan at the sensations; she rewards me with a soft kiss to my lips.

I hear you grunt from the side of the bed. I can tell you want to join in, but you're waiting as patiently as you ever do – not at all. Stacy's moving too slow for you, though it's as slow as you want it to be for me. Ironic, no?

Moments later, she's kissed her way down my body and is licking my pussy, spreading me open with her fingers, dipping her tongue in to taste. Has she done this before? Does she like doing this? I'm enjoying it, but maybe not for the reasons you think. Oh, sure, I like what she's doing, but I like that it's what you want more. You asked this of me and I'm happy to oblige you (even if it was a bit impromptu).

You grunt again, apparently annoyed that you're not part of the action, and I hear you shuffle around the bed. I can't tell what you're doing until I hear the strangest sound from Stacy's throat that vibrates through me. You're on your knees behind her, tasting her the way she's tasting me – I can just tell. Now that I'd like to watch. I think it'd be hot to see you work like that.

All the sensations, all the movement, the vibrations, everything – it's too much and I can't take it. I don't know if I'm supposed to wait for permission, but I can't help it, I come – so hard, so fast, my legs are shaking the chains you've shackled me to and my arms are pulling so tight at their restraints I'm going to have bruises on my wrists. And I don't care at all, because it feels so damned good.

Now all I want you to do is fuck me so hard I pass out. But you won't. Because she's there. And when she's around, I'm nothing to you. Nothing but a toy or an obstacle. And I wish I could see you, see your face, so I could know what you're thinking, know what you want. The blindfold isn't sexy anymore. I'm lonely now, because I'm the only one on the bed and I'm still chained up and I'm cold and I don't know where you are and it's starting to scare me. I don't say anything, I don't want you to know that I'm scared. I just want you to hold me. But you don't. You never do.

There's rustling and movement and “Greg! Shouldn't you let her go already?” At least someone's concerned.

“No. She'll be fine right there. We won't be gone long.” I hear you step-thumping across the floor to leave.

“No. Greg, let her go.” Stacy's insistant. If you don't let me up, she probably will. Is that what you want?

I hear you sigh – you hate this plan. “Fine. I'll meet you at the car.” You kiss her and send her on her way. The bed dips again and I can't help the tiny, frightened whimper that escapes my throat. You don't seem to notice anything's amiss until my arms shrink away from your touch. This seems to spark your interest and you peel the blindfold from my eyes. I shut them, blinking in the sudden light, blinking away tears. “Cameron?”

I turn away. “Just unchain me,” I say, defeated, tired.

This you don't like at all. I'm free in a manner of seconds and now you are holding me and I can't stop the tears. I don't know if it's from all the emotions or because I'm scared or what, but I need to cry. I need you and you're going to leave me – alone – in your place while you go out with her. I'm certain of it.

So sure. Until a rather put out Stacy appears in the bedroom door, lurking, leaning, scowling at you. Her face certainly asks 'What the hell is going on?', but she's mildly sympathetic when she sees you holding me, brushing a hand over my hair. There are no words, so I know the two of you are communicating through ESP or sheer facial expressions or something. I sniffle and see her nod and disappear from the doorway. I don't know what you said to her, but she doesn't seem upset at all.

More and more it looks like you don't know what to say or do, so I get the one question that you never ask: “Are you okay?” And my only response is a headshake and another sniffle. I try to dry my eyes and my nose, but it won't stop. I don't know what's going on. This is almost more frightening than being chained without sight.

“Cameron, help me out here. What do you want me to do?” Now you sound scared and that's not good.

“Don't know,” I say through a sniffle. “Just – just hold me for now, okay?” I don't know what'll happen if you refuse, so I don't think on that.

Shaky, you nod and curl me into your arms, draw a blanket around me, then stroke my hair. I hear you whispering, but I don't know what you're saying. Right now, it doesn't matter, it only matters that you're here and you're talking to me and not leaving me and that you're warm and strong and you're not going to let anything happen to me. And none of this, right now, has anything to do with sex or relationships and everything to do with stability and emotional fortitude (of which, I currently don't seem to have any).

We sit there, on the bed, for a long time. I hear Stacy poke her head in a couple times to ask if we need anything, but beyond that, she seems to leave us alone.

Slowly, I start to come back to myself and cling less to you. But it's not until I'm asleep that you let go. That's interesting to me – especially since I shouldn't actually know that – because it's not like you. As I'm drifting off, I hear you apologize to me, though I don't know why and by the time I wake up, I don't even remember that you've said anything at all.

******

I don't know why there's an experience of sub-drop in a fantasy (it's not exactly the kind of thing people sit around and fantasize about), except that maybe I want you to understand how important it is not to run off immediately following whatever we do. Especially if it involves any type of BDSM elements. I'd try talking to you, but when you're that close to me, and we're alone, all I want to do is find the fastest way to get to what my body is craving from you and it's really not words. Writing to you here seems to work out better – for both of us.

Fantasy #10 
It's late, really late, they've turned out the lights in the hallway late, and I'm in the office finishing some paperwork and going through some e-mail. I've taken off my lab coat and twisted my hair up off my neck. Apparently they figure we don't need air conditioning after nine pm. 

I know you're there, but I don't turn around, though I know that's what you want. You stand behind me for a solid thirty seconds before you brush your fingers over the back of my neck seeking a shiver. The shiver you get. Obviously you're pleased by this, because you lean down to nibble at my neck and cup my breast. From this angle, where you're standing, I can see the bulge in your pants and it turns me on almost more than your mouth on my skin does. I moan and feel you smile against my neck.

Suddenly I find myself sitting on the edge of the desk and you between my legs, digging a hand up my thigh to find the waistband of my panties, only to discover I'm not wearing any. (Thank God for long skirts.) I see the smirk spread over your face as your fingers walk over my hot, wet skin, then slip inside with practiced precision. Another moan for you, then, smooth as can be, you're inside me, fucking me on the desk, doing your best to make me scream.

Entry #14 
Okay, I admit, the idea of spending an entire weekend with you, naked, was intimidating. But not once did I ever consider telling you 'no'. I thought once about postponing, but thought better of that when the idea of spending the next month thinking about what you might do almost made my head explode. Doing it 'now' suddenly became the best option. So, I will be there. After work on Friday.

******

That drive over was probably the most nerve-wracking thing I've done in a while, but I'm here, outside your place, ready to do this.

******

Your eyes on me, watching me, studying me, piercing me, is probably one of the sexiest experiences of my life. Despite it making me nervous. There I stood, in front of you, waiting for your instructions, naked, vulnerable, completely at your mercy, and you don't even touch me. I have chills just with the memory. You are a master at the art of subtle torture. Do you have any idea how hard it is to need to be touched, but are forced to wait?

Sucking you off is one of the most enjoyable things we do. I'll tell you why – pleasure. Yours. You take such pleasure in what I'm doing to you. That makes it so much better. (Had a boyfriend once who was a big wet rag about it. He'd demand I do it, but never made a move or a sound, until a disgusting grunt when he came. I didn't mind so much, because he was good with other things, but one day, he tried to hit me. And I don't mean the hot, fun time type either. That was the end of that relationship.)

Whoa, okay, tangent. Back on track –

Simple things, like twisting your fingers in my hair or shifting your hips, let me know that you like what I'm doing. Please, unless we're playing something where you're supposed to be an ass, don't stop doing these things. If you stop, you risk losing the good parts.

Have I told you how much I like the way you touch me? How you tease me? My god, man, where did you pick up these techniques? Those subtle touches, the concentration everywhere but where I need you to touch me.

I am sorry about what happened when we woke up. I didn't mean to retreat, but sometimes I'm not sure how to respond to your moods. Plus, you dissed my massage therapy skills. Fuck you, House. You haven't even let me try. How do you know if I'm any good or not?

And, for the record, it is fucking cold in your place, especially when you wake up naked.

The shower idea was a very good one. And demanding that I undress you – mmmm. I know, bad writing, but damn, that was hot. Touching you, peeling off each piece of clothing, seeing you – really seeing you. I know, you don't like letting people see your scar, and I'll admit, it's not pretty. In fact, it's ugly, but it's just a scar. I didn't look at it as long as I would've liked – not to make you uncomfortable, I just want to see it. It doesn't matter to me. Obviously I already knew you had it and I still want you. That should tell you something about how I work. I won't focus on the scar, if you don't want me to look at it, I won't, but it does intrigue me a little.

Should have known you had plans to torture me with my past, you bastard. I loved my husband and I wouldn't do anything to hurt him, even when he was dying, even at the end, even when he hardly knew who I was anymore. Don't you get that? It's not easy to watch someone suffer like that. It's not easy to have someone beside you that you could easily fall into for comfort and not do it, but it can be done. I did it. The reasons why are far less significant than the actions - or lack thereof - themselves. One day, maybe you'll have the opportunity to know what that feels like and to know how good it feels to not have done it; to know that you beat the temptation and didn't let it overtake you.

Of course, I don't think it's fair of you to ask me such questions when I'm blitzed out of my mind. Speaking of – how the hell did you do that? I've never had anyone get me off like that before – completely above the waist. I dare you to manage it again. You do it and I'll give you a blowjob for your birthday, no matter what.

and I probably shouldn't do that, but, holy shit, that was amazing

******

I'm going to fill up half this book with this one weekend alone. Wow.

As I said, anything you tell me stays out of the book unless you specifically ask me to write it down. However, I will comment about it, as it relates to what we're doing.

I am glad you told me. It helps a lot. I don't expect it will change my fantasies much - because that's all they are, fantasies - but I won't ask you to do things I don't think you'll be comfortable with. And if I do, just tell me and I'll be okay with that.

I'm sure you realized that I have a bit of an abandonment fear. I never brought it up, because I didn't want you to plan anything. Maybe that's manipulative, but these are my fears we're talking about here. The spreader bar was actually part of that, but I think I managed to conquer that one. Putting it in the bag, talking about it, making it part of the weekend - all helped. The abandonment - that will take a bit longer.

Fears out of the way - thank you. Thank you for talking to me. Even if I've already said it - it means a lot. And I do still think Stacy and Wilson are very lucky people. I'd like to be part of that tiny circle someday.

Okay, okay, I'm done being squishy and emotional. Now it's the 'you're an evil bastard' part. You tickle me? How's that fair? You said I couldn't try it! Tickling is so not fair when the one doing the tickling is considerably stronger than the one being tickled!

Though, to back-up, why don't you want me to kneel? Or sit on the floor? It doesn't bother me, it's just part of the role. It helps me keep 'in character', so to speak. If I"m supposed to submit, it helps maintain the scene. But if you really don't like it, I'll stop.

******

Wow. Sorry. That last bit was all over the place. Let's see if I can keep my head straight to write some more.

I love fucking you. Having sex with you, tasting you, feeling you between my legs - face, fingers, cock. You're amazing. You probably don't hold the same opinion of me. I figure you indulge me because you like the idea of someone like me wanting to be with someone like you.

Maybe that hurts a little. But maybe it doesn't bother me all that much. Four years ago, when I first started working for you, it would have. I really wanted the romance. And, gah - it hurt to see the way you looked at her though she was beyond your grasp. Don't get me wrong, I'm really happy for you that you could love someone. I guess I just don't understand how you could limit yourself to just one person - ever.

I probably shouldn't write about these things since you'll just mock me, but I have to put them somewhere. If they stay in my head, it gets too crowded.

I want to be with you. Spend time with you. Get to know you. I had kind of hoped this weekend would be like that. It's part of what excited me about the idea. Sure, the sex was part of it (a very good part), but I was hoping for a little more... conversation. I know you don't like to talk about yourself, your past, but we don't have to talk about that. I would like to know more about you though. Know what things you like, what you like to do. There's more to you than the damaged leg and the doctor. Why do you hide it? I've seen glimpses - they come out when you're with her. I'd like to see some of them when you're with me. Nothing big, just little snapshots of the parts of you that people at work or in public don't typically get to see.

I'm trying not to be too sappy, but this is stuff I've been thinking about for a while, so I wanted to write it down. I'm probably shooting myself in the foot, but I needed to write. I needed you to know. Wanted you to know.

Entry #14-b 

Looks like I was right. Shot myself in the foot. Now you won't even talk to me except for work. I'm not that clingy. I just want to know you better. Don't push me away. Don't treat me like...

...like everyone else. 

(( written on the back page of the journal ))
Tried it once, not impressed:
* lesbian sex - not my thing
* anal sex - though I think he did it wrong
* tit fucking - what's the point?
* most other 'non penetrative' sex forms - they just don't do it for me
* reverse cowgirl - everything's going the wrong way

Things I'm not into at all:
* using my feet to get someone off
* fisting
* weird stuff - the really weird stuff - bodily fluids - 
*'piledriver' position - if I wanted my neck snapped, I'd just find someone to do it the old-fashioned way
* anilingus - no, just no