Burbank, California
September 1995

"Tommy…,Tommy! It's time to come in now. C'mon sweetie, dinner is ready."

A young boy, the one addressed as Tommy, shifted from where he lay under a tree, curled up in the late August sun. He stretched, body elongating and arching gracefully, arms above his head with fingers splayed. A contented purring sound dragged itself from his throat as he rose to his feet, rolling his shoulders to work out the last cricks and kinks.

The woman who had called to him, Dia by name, stood on the porch, watching him walk towards her, a soft smile on her face. He had grown well in the past three years, transitioning from the silent, mistrustful, defensive eleven-year-old he was when they found him, filthy, living on the streets, alone save for a make-shift family of rag-tag petty criminals, to a stoic, intelligent fourteen-year-old who was beginning to grow into the ethereal beauty his elfish structure had always promised. Next week he would be starting high school, and while Dia knew his looks and character would draw the attention of both girls and boys, she feared he would become an outcast when they learned what he was. He had been insistent though, wanting, no, needing to be as normal as possible, and if that was what he needed then all she could do was step back, let him go, and hope for the best. She didn't want him to get hurt, but she knew she couldn't protect him forever.

He had reached the porch, and she absently reached up to tousle his hair, lightly scratching behind the soft, small kitten ears on top of his head.

"Mo-om!" he whined, even as he pushed into her hand.

She laughed softly, eyes crinkling with good humour, and he pushed her shoulder gently, a teasing exchange between mother and son.

As the week drew to a close, Tommy could feel a nervous anticipation growing in his stomach. He didn't show it though, not wanting to worry Dia any more than she already was. He knew well how cruel people could be; he had experienced it firsthand, though he never told his mother that. It didn't particularly worry him though, because he knew he could handle himself if the need arose. Dia though; he knew she was afraid for him. After years of working as part of a young demon protection, rehabilitation program, she had seen the awful, horrifying things that humans did out of fear-bred hate. So he hid his nervousness, focusing instead on making sure he was as prepared as possible. He also had another trick to distract his mind: sitting on the roof outside his bedroom window, playing guitar until the sky began to lighten with the coming dawn.

Music had always been a sort of meditation for him. When it was just him, the night, and his guitar, the cares of the world couldn't touch him. It was like a private world, a portal to another dimension, where all his worries melted away in the velvety arms of darkness, and the sweet seduction of the music. When he was in that place it never mattered that he was different.
On the eve of the first day of the new school year, Tommy was curled in his bed, buried in a nest of blankets, sheets, and pillows. His eyes were shut, but his body was tense, strung tighter that the strings of his guitar. He tried to force himself to relax, knowing he needed the sleep, but no matter how he rationalized it, sleep eluded him. There was no logic to the new fear either; nothing had changed. In the morning he would make his way to the formidable building he had almost unconsciously been walking past every day the past week, only this time it would be filled with students. That was ok though, he wouldn't be the only fresh meat, and he could look after himself, unlike some of the other Home-school kids who practically still held their mother's hands, and were so socially awkward they could barely string together two sentences In the presence of strangers. He wasn't like that, not at all. Sure, he didn't talk much, but he could carry on a conversation when he needed to. So why the new fear? He didn't have an answer for that.

When his limbs started to cramp from his tightly curled position he shifted onto his back, lying flat out, eyes open and staring blindly at the ceiling. In his peripheral vision he could see his guitar where it was balanced against his closet door. Knowing by now that sleep was futile anyways, and needing a distraction from the rampant, gnawing butterflies, he rolled out of bed, grabbed the instrument, and slipped out his window onto the roof. With practiced ease he tuned the strings, feeling the guitar come alive under his fingers as he picked out a soft melody only his soul knew. Within minutes he was in his private world where reality, and the fear it brought, couldn't touch him. When Dia came into his room the next morning to wake him up, she found him curled on the roof in the early morning sun, his head resting on his guitar case, the guitar cradled in his arms.

Tuesday, September 5, 1995

If Tommy thought the school was formidable when he had walked past it in the week before classes started, it was nothing to how he felt now. Students passed him as he stood in front of the building, staring, and trying to talk himself out of the irrational desire to run the hell away. Taking a breath, squaring his shoulders his shoulders, he moved forward, following the flow. When he reached the doors he lifted his hands to his head, making sure his hat was secure, and made a conscious effort to make sure his claws remained retracted under his nails. He didn't need people talking about him and avoiding him like the plague on his first day of school.

He knew from the times he had walked past it that the school was big, but that didn't prepare him for the maze-like quality which was only made worse by the other students, and the staff. Every way he looked there was people, doors, hallways, stairs, and more people. His gut tightened even more, the butterflies erupting in earnest, threatening to overwhelm him and send him running to the nearest bathroom. He held those feelings down though, and looked around for someone who might be able to help him find his way to his homeroom. He really didn't want to be late on his first day of school.

Finally, when it looked as though no one was going to stop and help a lost new kid, Tommy started moving again…and ran right into a guy going in the opposite direction. He began to stutter out an apology, but the guy just grunted and shoved him aside, uncaring. Tommy felt his claws slip out at the rough treatment, and he forced himself to relax. He wasn't the only stressed one, and he didn't need to be picking a fight with someone who was twice his size. So he joined the flow instead, keeping an eye out for anyone who looked marginally approachable. There was no such luck though. Everyone was huddled in pre-determined groups, or walking with their head down, trying to hide the fact that they were alone, like Tommy. He sighed and pushed onwards, weaving through the thinning crowds. He hadn't gotten very far though, before the feeling of a hand on his shoulder stopped him cold.

"Shit man, you move fast! Jesus Christ!"

"Uh, what the hell?" Tommy spun around, and came face to face with a boy who looked to be his age.

"Sorry, I didn't mean to startle you," the boy said. "But I though you might wanna know that your hat slipped."

Tommy's hands flew up, frantically straightening the hat. He could feel that his claws had slipped out again, a seemingly uncontrollable reaction to a possible threat. The other boy had noticed too.

"Relax, it's ok. Don't kill yourself over it. Just be more careful, because most people aren't as chill with this demon stuff as I am."

Tommy was still wary, but he let his claws slide back in, stuffing his hands in his pockets as though to hide the evidence.

"No one was supposed to know," he said, voice little more than a whisper.

"Hey, hey," the boy put his hand on Tommy's arm. "It'll be our little secret, ok? I'm not gonna tell anyone, I promise."

"Well I can't hide it forever anyways. I just didn't think anyone would find out on the first day of school," Tommy's voice was self-deprecating. At least the contacts he was wearing to hide his slit pupils wouldn't fall out without warning.

"I'm the only one who knows, and it doesn't bother me. And no one else needs to know unless you wanna tell them."

"Yeah, I know. Thanks for telling me about the hat," Tommy attempted a smile.

"No problem, man. I'm Christian, by the way," the boy said, dropping his hand from Tommy's arm, and instead holding it out for him to shake.

Tommy shook it. "I'm Tommy."

"Cool," the boy grinned. "Well I'm gonna get to class, so I'll see ya around."

"Yeah, see ya," Tommy agreed, as Christian turned and walked away. "Hey, wait! Do you know where room 222 is?"

Christian paused and looked over his shoulder. "Yeah, it's upstairs somewhere."

"Ok, thanks…"

Tommy turned and headed for the stairs, going as fast as he dared, hoping against hope that he wasn't too terribly late.

It seemed that luck was on his side, because when he burst through the classroom door, the only eyes that focused on him were those of his classmates; the teacher hadn't yet arrived.

"You're lucky," hissed the girl who he sat next too. "Mrs. Sanford just left to get some forms for the newbies to fill out, and she hasn't done attendance yet."

"Thank fuck!" Tommy let out a breath he didn't know he'd been holding.

"Yeah, you better. She's one step off psycho-bitch," the girl said, popping her bubblegum in an obnoxious manner.

Tommy laughed, and the girl raised an eyebrow.

"No, I'm serious. She's crazy, and if you don't do what she wants when she wants, she'll have your balls on a cutting board before you know what hit you. Most kids think she's some sort of demon, but I think she's just an angry closet case," the girl's laugh was cruel, and Tommy flinched, hating the way she spat out the word demon as though it was a nasty taste on her tongue. This was going to be a long year.

Just then the teacher swept in, and the class went silent.

"Ok everybody, listen up, because I'm only explaining this once! These are forms for all students to fill out if you want a picture to bring home. If you're just getting a picture for your ID tag you don't have to fill them out. Is that clear? Are there any questions?"

"See what I mean," the girl whispered, leaning over to Tommy.

He shifted away ever so slightly, and shook his head. "She doesn't seem that bad."

The girl smirked. "Just wait. Here she comes."

"Wha-" the rest of Tommy's reply was cut off as a hand slammed down on his desk, making him squeak and jump in his seat.

"Care to share your conversation with the rest of the class?" Mrs. Sanford asked.

Tommy shook his head.

"Good! Then fill out the form, pronto! I want them back before you leave at the end of the day!"

"Yes ma'am."

"Get to it then!"

When she was gone Tommy shot a glare at the girl next to him. All he got in return was an eye roll and another obnoxious snap of her gum. He decided that he was just going to ignore her from then on. He didn't need the stress of a trouble maker, demon hater in his life, and he only really had to put up with her for fifteen minutes every morning, and an hour on Monday. It wasn't that bad, was it? He shook his head and prepared himself to face the rest of his day.

By the time the bell had gone, signalling the end of classes for the day, Tommy was more than ready to go home and never leave his room again. Dodging the crowds once again, he found his way to the front doors without getting too turned around, and wondered if he should take a bus. Just the thought made panic start to flare in his stomach though, so he quickly cast aside that idea in favour of walking. After all, his house wasn't even far enough away to warrant him taking the bus. So he started the trek home, glad to be leaving the school behind, even if he had to go back the next day.

And so the year passed, the days getting a little easier as he adjusted to the new rhythm of his life. He had no real friends [even Christian, the only one he knew besides his family who accepted him, was nothing more than a casual acquaintance], but he didn't need them, even though he sometimes thought it would be nice to have someone to hang out with on the weekends, to show him how a normal teenager lived. He had all but given up hope of that though, because something about him seemed to keep people at a distance, even if he put forth the effort to be open to them, but one Saturday in February changed everything.