	Let me start by saying everything written in this story, other than names, is true.  While I keep these sexual experiences a secret, they are too amazing to not tell anyone, so I'm writing about them annonomously to share them with you.  My first name really is Brent.  I am 22 years old, and live in Calgary, Alberta, Canada.  I have had a girlfriend for the past 6 years, but haven't always been attracted to only women.  I've been a frequent viewer of internet pornography since my early teenage years, and at around the age of 18 I noticed something about myself.  I became especially aroused by videos and images with well hung men in them, especially videos of women sucking on large cocks.  At first I told myself I wished I was in the men's position, getting a blowjob from these women.  But the more and more I watched them, the more I realized I wanted to be the one with the cock in my mouth.  Even videos of women having anal sex made me curious of what it would feel like.  It took me until I was about 20 to finally admit to myself that I was curious about giving head.  I started searching for images of nude men, and just the sight of a well hung naked man would make me incredibly horny.  I had opened up a new world of sexual exploration for myself.
	The first step I took in my experimenting was shortly after I had moved in with my girlfriend.  I didn't want to cheat on her with a man, and knew the opportunity would probably never come, but I still needed to know what it felt like.  I went to an adult video and toy store across the city in search of a dildo.  The one I bought was about 8 inches long, and probably about 5 inches around, with a suction cup at the base.  I knew it was probably a little big to start with, but the thought of a small one just didn't turn me on enough.  I hid the dildo in my car, and waiting for a time when my girlfriend was away so I could try it out.  Finally at Christmas last year, she went home to visit her family for about a week.  I took the dildo into the shower with me. After warming myself up with my fingers, I stuck the dildo onto the floor of the tub, and slowly lowered myself onto it.  I was a little shocked when the head popped into me, but slowly I lowered myself onto it, then started riding it.  When I came, I nearly blacked out.  It was the most amazing orgasm I had ever had.  I knew this wasn't going to be a one time thing.
	My dildo kept me satisfied sexually, but I still wanted contact with other guys.  I wanted to please someone, to devote myself to making a man cum.  I still didn't want to actually cheat on my girlfriend, so I decided to try chatting on the internet.  That's when the fun really started!  The knowledge that I was turning these men on, and making them cum peaked my arousal, even if it I couldn't see them.  I chatted with random men every chance I was alone. Most of the men I chatted with were random, but there were a few I talked to regularily.  One of them was Brad.  My conversations with him were a lot different than the other guys.  He was more of a friend than someone to get off with.  He was someone I could talk to about what was going on in my life, about my sex life, and my curiosity.  His situation wasn't a lot different from mine.  He was 36, lived in Calgary, had no kids, and had been married for just about 2 years.  He told me he'd fooled around with guys before he met his wife, and missed it now that he was married.  His wife was attractive, but fairly old fashioned in the bedroom.  She only gave him blowjobs on very special occasions, and wouldn't even entertain the idea of anal sex.  He said those were the 2 biggest things he missed about men, they gave great head, and he loved fucking them.  We got to know each other's situations quite well over a 6 month period, but other than flirting a bit, we never actually went into any kind of cyber sex.  
	About a month ago, I came home from work at about 5:30 and signed into my chatroom.  My girlfriend was visiting home, which is about 5 hours away, so I had been looking forward to an evening of cybersex all day.  About an hour after signing on, Brad came online.  He seemed especially flirtatious, which was strange for him.  
	"You know, we've been chatting for a long time now, and I still have no idea what you look like" he said.  "You should send me a picture, I'll reply with mine".
	I thought about it for a while.  I don't like giving out my picture, obviously because I'm very much in the closet about the whole thing.  But I knew I could trust Brad, and I was curious to see what he looked like.  So after digging around the computer, I found a picture of me my girlfriend had taken with her cell phone at the beach last summer.  It seemed like the perfect picture because it showed that I was quite muscular and attractive, and you could see enough of my face to tell I was good looking, but not enough to recognize me on the street.  I e-mailed him the picture.
 	"Alright it's sent" I said.  "Don't keep me waiting too long for yours :)"
	I kept chatting with other people for about 5 minutes until I got the e-mail notification.  It was from Brad.  When I opened it, I was taken completely off guard.  I could tell by the quality of it that it was taken with a regular digital camera, but I couldn't believe that the man in the picture was him.  Most models don't look that good.  In the picture, he was posing on his couch, naked except for a pair of black boxer briefs.  he had one arm placed behind his head, and the other laying across his chiseled somach.  The guy was a 10/10.  Very attractive, muscular, tall, and what really caught my attention was the buldge running down the leg of his boxers. 
	"You are fucking hot!" he said. "What do you think of my pic?"
	I was still staring at it in amazement.
	"That can't be you.  There's no way you're that attractive and talking on here"
	About 2 minutes later, I got another e-mail from Brad.  In the e-mail, there was a picture of the same guy taken with a webcam.  He was shirtless, and held a sign up to his chest that read "Hello Brent, it's me, BRAD!".  
	"There, now you know it's me!" he said.
	After we talked back and forth a bit about how hot one thought the other was, I asked him what his actual stats were other than what I saw in the picture.  He told me he's 6'2, 190lbs, he works out daily (Duh!) has short blonde hair, and blue eyes.  
	"You forgot one thing..." I said.
	"Lol what's that?" he replied.
	"How big is that bulge in your boxers?" I asked.
	"The only way you're going to find that out is if you come over, which you are more than welcome to do.  My wife is gone for the weekend so I've got the house all to myself." he replied.
	I must have gone completely white after reading that.  I was shaking I was so nervous.  I didn't know how to respond.  I had never actually planned on meeting with anyone I talked to on there.  Tons of guys had asked me before, but it was always an easy "NO" response from me.  But Brad was different.  I never thought I'd have the opportunity to fool around with someone as hot as him.  And not only that, he was someone I could trust, and be comfortable with.  I was trying to think of every reason not to go over, even though I wanted to so badly.
	"Still there? I hope I didn't scare you away.  I just thought I'd throw it out there since we both seem to be looking for the same thing.  Me and the wife haven't had sex in about a month, and I can't take it anymore.  I need you Brent." he said after about 5 minutes of silence.
	I thought about it for another 5 minutes or so, starting at his picture, at the buldge in his shorts.  I was thinking about how hard and horny he must be after a month of no sex.  I was rock hard by this point.  I knew there was no point in thinking about this any further.  I'd already made my decision.
	"Where do you live?" I typed....
	I was shaking the whole drive to his apartment.  I don't think I'd ever been that nervous.  I couldn't stop thinking about him, but at the same time I was thinking about the line I was crossing.  What would happen after this?  Where would I stand in my relationship with my girlfriend?  The 10 minute drive wasn't nearly long enough to go over it all in my head, and before I knew it, I had parked the car and was walking up the stairs.  I stopped in front of his door,  and said to myself "This is the last chance you have to turn around."  I knew that wasn't an option.  I knocked on the door...
	"Come in, it's open" he shouted.  
	Even his voice sounded sexy!  I walked through the door, and any doubts I had about what I was doing were quickly pushed aside by what I saw.  He had a very nice apartment, well decorated and furnished.  He had lit candles all around the living room so it was fairly dim, but I could still see his perfectly chiseled body laying on his couch.  He was in the same pose and wearing the same underwear as in the picture he sent me.  I just stood there and stared at him for a while. 
	"I know you fantasized about me while you looked at that picture.  Here's your chance to make it come true." he said softly. 
	I didn't say anything.  I didn't even have to think about what I wanted to do.  I just slowly walked over to him.  As I approached, he positioned himself on the couch so he was sitting about half way up.  I knelt down at his waist, then leaned in and started kissing his chest.  His muscles were soooo hard.  He moaned as I kissed my way down his chest, and ran my tongue along the lines in his stomach.  My heart was racing.  This was every bit as amazing as I'd imagined it would be since I was a teenager.  I started to massage his thigh, as I continued kissing and sucking on his stomach, slowly making my way down.  I stopped and stared at his buldge, in complete amazement.  I looked up into his eyes.
	"I want you so bad" I whispered.
	"Take it out..." he whispered back.
	I got up onto the couch between his legs, and started pulling down his shorts.  I whimpered as I saw his cock for the first time.  It was perfect, even bigger than my dildo.  Nine inches long, and a good 5 inches around, and circumcized.  I lowered my head down and continued kissing my way down his stomach to his pelvis.  He was completely shaven so it was perfectly smooth for me to kiss and lick.  I wrapped my hand around his thick shaft.  It felt sooo hot in my hand.  I could barely wrap my hand around it.  I started slowly pumping his huge cock as I stared at the head.  I was teasing myself.  Making myself wait a little longer to do what I'd already waited 4 years for.  As I pumped his cock, a small bit of precum came out.  I moved in, and lightly licked it off his cock.  The taste sent me into complete extasy.  I couldn't stand it anymore.  I lowered my head and let his hot cock slip into my mouth. 
	"Ohhh god yes! Suck me!" he moaned.
	I moved my head up and down on his cock, sucking it, pumping it with my hand.  I looked up at him to see his reaction.  He looked like he was going to black out.  I couldn't believe how good I was making him feel.  I kept a slow pace at first. Concentrating on sucking him, rubbing my tongue just underneath his head, squeezing and pumping him with my hand at the same pace.  He was running his hands through my hair, gasping as I gave him the blowjob he had wished for since he met his wife.  I was enjoying sucking his cock even more than he was receiving it.  I was sucking an almost constant stream of precum out of his swollen head.  The taste of it put me more and more into a complete state of euphoria.  I wasn't thinking about anything other than sucking this huge dick. I started to move faster on his cock, sucking and pumping.  Stopping only to run my tongue up and down the length of his shaft, then quickly taking it back into my mouth.  After about 3 minutes I could tell I was having too good of an effect on him.  He started to tense up.
	"We better find somewhere for me to cum.  There's going to be a lot!" He whispered to me.
	This only excited me more.  I kept sucking him, pumping him, until he started breathing more heavily, and I could feel his cock tense up.  I quickly wrapped my lips around the head of his cock and continued sucking, as I jacked the entire length of his shaft with my hand. He started moaning loudly, and his cock head swelled quickly as the first huge jet of cum shot into my mouth.  I sucked and pumped harder as jet after jet of hot cum shot on and around my tongue.  I couldn't believe how hard he came.  it didn't even slow down for at least 15 seconds.  I kept sucking on him slowly, making sure every drop had been sucked out of his cock.  
	"You are fucking amazing!" he said in shock, as I smiled with an open mouth, so he could see how much he had come.  There was at least 2 ounces of it.  I savoured the taste of it for a few seconds, before finally swallowing it in one quick motion.  I had done it.  I had lived out my fantasy to give a blowjob, and it was better than I ever imagined it would be.  
	We layed on the couch for a while, I rested my head on his hard stomach as I gently stroked my still hard cock.  
	"So how was it?" I asked quietly.
	He chuckled "I don't know if it's because that was your first time and you were just eager, or if you're really a natural.  But that was without a doubt the best blowjob I've ever had!" he said.
	"It could have something to do with you not getting any in a month too.  That definately explains how you filled my mouth up." I replied, with seductive eyes.
	"I said there would be a lot.  So you can't say I didn't warn you" He said jokingly.
	"Warn me? You're talking like it's a bad thing.  I loved having all that cum in my mouth" I whispered as I started rubbing his semi hard cock.
	"Mmmmmmmm, you're making me hard again.  Don't do that unless you want to suck on me some more."  He whispered
	"I definately want to suck on you some more, but that's not all I'm going to do" I replied
	I winked at him as I moved down and took him into my mouth again.  Within a minute I had made him rock hard again.  
	"So what did you have in mind?" He asked, as I slowly sucked on him with the taste of cum still fresh in my mouth.
	I stopped sucking on him, and kissed my way up his stomach, chest, and neck, then whispered in his ear "Please tell me you have lube"
	I looked him in the eyes, and he simply smiled, as he got up and walked out of the living room.  I undressed as I waited for him, and layed down on the couch naked, waiting to surprise him.  I haven't really described myself, but i'm about 6' tall, 170 lbs, I've got short brown hair, brown eyes, I work out regularily so I've got a muscular physique, and a 7" cock.  I'm also very attractive, so I was a welcome sight to Brad when he walked back in the room, his cock still sprung out in front of him, and a bottle of sex lube in his hand.  We didn't even have to talk.  We just smiled at each other, as I sat up and he sat down beside me.  I spread the oil all over his cock.  It looked beatiful as it shined in the candle light as I slowly pumped it.  He sighed as I moved over and positioned myself on top of him, straddling him as he sat upright.  I reached behind me and continued pumping his dick, before lining it up with my virgin ass.  I slowly pushed down on it, as I kissed and sucked on his neck.  His cock wasn't much thicker than the dildo I was used to, but it still shocked me a bit when his head popped into me.  I bit down on his neck gently as he entered me, then continued kissing it while I got used to the feeling of this huge thing inside me.  Slowly, I lowered myself down on it, until it was completely inside me.  I pulled my head out of his neck and looked at him.  His eyes were closed.
	"How do I feel?" I asked.
	"Tight, and very hot" He whispered. "I've waited a long time for this feeling"
	"So it feels good then?" I whispered seductively.
	He didn't even reply.  He just smiled, held onto my ass with his strong hands, and started lifting me up and down on his cock.  We just stared into each others eyes as he fucked me.  We were both exactly where we wanted to be, fucking each other.  I started kissing and sucking his neck again, gently biting his ear as I whispered to him.
	"Fuck me Brad.  Fuck me with that huge cock.  I need you so bad!  Make sure I never find someone who can fuck me as good as you can."
	He started thrusting into me as I humped him.  His dick was so big, it was rubbing what must have been my g-spot because it felt amazing.  He lifted me off him, and positioned me so he was fucking me doggystyle.  He plunged his cock even deeper inside me this way.  I was biting the couch cushions trying to to scream.  It felt amazing.  He kept fucking me for a good half hour.  Changing speeds, slow, then fast.  Then teasing me by just fucking me with the first couple inches, then plunging his whole cock into me.  I was completely removed from the world.  I had never been in such a world of pleasure before.  He pulled his cock out of me, and we got back into the straddling position we'd started with.  I rode him hard, as he met me with his thrusts.  I kept picturing what his cock must have looked like fucking my ass, and I wished there was some way I could see it.  Then, I remembered my camera phone.  It can take decent quality video clips.  I reached into the pocket of my jeans which were slung over the back of the couch, and pulled out my phone.  I was quickly reminded of the situation when I saw the picture of my girlfriend on my phone's background, but at this point I didn't even care anymore.  I started the video recorder, and reached behind me so I could capture him fucking me.
	"Now that's a great idea!" He said.
	I took a 1 minute clip of his dick fucking me.  I played the clip so we could both see it, and it looked amazing.  His cock looked so huge going into me.  I quickly saved the video, and continued giving all my attention to him.  I could tell he was close to cumming, and the feeling of his cock rubbing my g-spot and my cock rubbing against his abs was bringing me very close too.  I whispered in his ear...
	"Come on baby.  You were the first guy to cum in my mouth, now be the first to cum in my ass."
	He grabbed onto my ass and started thrusting into me even faster.  
	"Ohhh fuck, I'm gonna cum.......Ohhhhhhh FUCK!" he screamed.
	I could feel his cock pulsating in my ass as he screamed.  I knew he was cumming.  That was enough to push me over the edge.  I sucked on his neck as I shot cum all over his stomach and chest.  I pressed my abs and chest up against his, and rubbed my cum around as he slowly fucked me, shooting the last few spurts inside me.  
	We sat there for a little while, him still inside me, both completely spent after our intense sex.  I had worried before that after I came and lost the sexual desire, I might feel remorse.  But gladly the only feelings I had was how glad I was that I'd discovered something so amazing.  I had sucked my first cock, swallowed my first mouthful of cum, and been fucked for the first time.  And it was the most amazing sexual experience of my life.  I left his apartment at about 10 p.m after being there for about 2 hours.  I decided not to spend the night in case my girlfriend called and wondered where I was all night.  I did, however, go back the next day, and spent most of the afternoon and evening with his cock either in my mouth or in my ass.  
	His wife isn't away very often, so we don't get a lot of opportunities to fool around.  Since our first time last month, we've only had one night alone when we met at a hotel.  We've been able to improvise though.  Every once in a while, we'll go for a car ride and I'll give him a quick blowjob.  I drive half way across the city to his gym now.  It's got separated shower stalls, so I get to finish my workout with a hot mouthful of his cum, and he's even fucked me a few times in there (it's not very busy in the evening).  I've been able to keep my relationship with my girlfriend going also.  I think things are almost better because I'm not so frustrated all the time.  I still have a great sex life with her, while I'm meeting my other sexual needs with Brad.  I don't know If I can keep up both forever, but there's definately no way I can live my life without cock anymore.
	