Real World Update
by Vanessa Evans

Before you read this part I strongly suggest that you read the earlier parts before reading this. It will give you the background that will make this part a lot more enjoyable.

Willow - Our New Family Member - Part 27 – our holiday continues.

Day 12 – Wednesday

Jon woke me the best possible way and he must have told Trevor to do the same with Willow because she was curled up facing me and I saw her wake up and smile as Trevor was thrusting in and out of her.

Both Trevor and Jon wanted to get a move on so it was a quick, shared shower, dressed and down to the buffet breakfast. Trevor signed his guests in then we all helped ourselves. No one seemed to care about our belt skirts or see-through tops.

Parking near the club was easy then we made our way to the display room where Trevor unlocked the door. He was happy to see that everything was as it was when we left it the day before. The security people had kept the clubbers out.

“Can we get ready for the day please Trevor?” Willow asked.

“Anytime that you like Willow but it’s a couple of hours before we open the doors” Trevor replied.

 “Come on V, let’s get ready.”

Two minutes later Willow and I returned to Trevor and Jon. We were wearing just our heels.


Trevor explained how he wanted things laid out on the tables and we all got to work. 

Ten minutes later the club owner, Ben, came in, said hello to Trevor and Jon then turned to Willow and me. 

“Good morning girls, glad to see that you’ve started as you mean to continue; you look amazing, I can’t wait to see you in action on those machines.”

“I can’t wait to get on them.” Willow replied.

“So, would anyone like a drink, coffee, water, something stronger? I’ve put a few cases of bottles of water in the store room. Help yourselves.”

“Thanks Ben, I think that the water will do for us. If you see the others arriving can you send them in?”

“Sure, when will you be putting the girls on the frame at the entrance?”

“About 10 minutes before 12.”

“Right, I’ll be there to help you lift them up.”

“Thanks.”

Ben left the room and we got on with the job. About 30 minutes later the others started arriving, Valeria, Maria and Alejandro arrived first and when they saw Willow and me they went straight to the store room and returned totally naked, Alejandro as well. After I’d had a good look at Alejandro’s cock I looked at Willow and saw that she too was staring at him.

Trevor soon put them to work and I kept looking over to Alejandro and his taught butt as he worked.   

Salome, Paula, Julieta, Rodrigo and Paul soon arrived and they too stripped before Trevor put them to work.

We had everything setup to Trevor’s satisfaction by about 11:30 then Trevor called everyone to the middle of the room for a little pep talk and to tell everyone to walk around the room and makes sure that they were familiar with all the products. He also told them that there were packs of tissues and disinfectant wipes on every table and that they had to uses them every time an item had been used. 

Another thing that Trevor told us was that there were some ‘safe’ words that we could use. They were primarily set up for the fucking machines but we would use them anytime that we thought was necessary: -

‘Red’ was to let everyone know that we wanted things to stop immediately.
‘Amber’ was to say that we wanted things to slow down.
‘Green’ was to say that we wanted things to speed up.

As well as words there were 2 actions that we could use: - 

Moving our head up and down was to say that we wanted things to speed up.
Moving our head from side to side was to let everyone know that we wanted things to stop immediately.   


Just then Ben and one of his barmen walked in with trays of drinks and offered them around. 

Ben had a few words with Trevor then he (Ben) spoke to everyone.

“Firstly, here’s some tickets for you all that will get you in here anytime until the end of the year, help yourselves. Now, Trevor had agreed to lend some of his equipment to the nightclub for a special sex show that they were putting on on Thursday night and I was hoping that some, if not all, of you girls would like to earn some extra cash by taking part in the show.”

“What would we have to do?” asked Valeria.

“The same as you’re going to be doing here.” Trevor replied.

“So you wouldn’t be inviting all the clubbers up onto the stage to fuck us?”

“That was not my intention and we will do our best to stop that happening.” Ben said.

“Oh, that’s a shame.” Willow interjected.

“Just how much cash are we talking about?” Valeria continued.

“Two thousand euros each.”

“I think that we’re worth more than that; don’t you girls?”

We all nodded our heads. Then Valeria continued,

“How about 8,000 each?”

“How about 4,000 each?” Ben countered.

“5,000 and you’ve got a deal.”

“Okay, 5,000 but for that you’ll have to submit to being spanked and caned.”

“Only if it doesn’t draw blood.” I said.

“No, no, I would never expect anything like that, this is for show, not to satisfy the needs of some pain addicted slut.”

“Which we are not.” Valeria replied.

“So it’s all agreed, is that all of you girls?”

Seven girls nodded their heads.

“Good, that’s settled. I’ll be sending in some snacks for you all later, I’ll get them put in the store room. Right, that’s it, over to you Trevor, and enjoy yourselves girls and boys.”

“Any questions, everyone happy that they know what is expected of them?” Trevor asked.

There were no questions so Trevor continued,

“Valeria, Willow, with me please.”

He led them out to the club’s main entrance and Willow later told me that this is what happened.

Trevor gave them a bottle of suntan lotion and suggested that they cover each other in it, which they did, Valeria telling Willow that she needed more of it because she wasn’t used to the sun.

She told Willow that her pussy was going to be exposed to the strong sun and that she should have more on it. As she rubbed it in she made Willow cum saying that she may as well start the orgasms there and then.

Trevor and Ben had been watching them and when they were done Trevor gave them some padded ankle cuffs telling them to put them on firmly. 

Ben and Trevor then lifted Valeria up and turned her over so that her legs were in up in the air. Ben, who looks stronger than Trevor, held on to her while Trevor climbed some steps that Ben had brought out, and used karabiners to hook the ankle cuffs to the rings on the frame’s cross bar so that her legs were wide apart.  

Ben slowly released Valeria leaving her upside down, her hands just not able to touch the ground.

“Comfortable?” Trevor asked.

“Sí señor.”

Then Trevor turned to Willow and did the same to her.

“Thanks Ben, I’ll probably need your help to get them down later. Can you leave the steps please, I’ve got one more touch to add then I’ll bring the steps in.”

They both went off then a minute later Trevor came back with a couple of boxes and some cables. He then positioned 2 magic wands so that they just touched their clits. The cables going up and along the big wooden frame. 

Trevor then switched the power on causing both of them to jerk as the shock hit them. Then he told them that the wands were switched to low and that he’d be back every 10 minutes or so to check that they were okay and to make any adjustments that they wanted.

As Willow was hanging there she realised that if anyone walked up to them their pussies would be at her head height and their heads would be at cock height. she’s joked with Valeria that they’d be able to easily give every man that goes passed them a blow job.

“And they’d be able to eat our pussies without bending over.” Valeria had added.
 

After about 10 minutes the first potential customers started to arrive and they’d ‘inspected’ the 2 girls hanging upside down. Willow told us that the men walked right up to her and she could feel one man’s breath on her pussy. She said that she was soo close to cumming.

Willow told me that just about all the men that arrived went up to her and Valeria and had a good look at their pussies, some even moving the wands out of the way for a better look. This, of course, got Willow more and more horny. She told me that she even thought about putting her hands on the hairy legs of some of the men and sliding her hands up their shorts, hoping to be able to grab hold of their cocks, but she didn’t. 

After about 30 minutes Trevor came out and checked on them and asked them how many times they’d cum, Valeria had cum twice and Willow 3 times.

“Let’s see if we can improve on that.” He’d said and he’s increased the vibrations on the wands.

That had worked and they both experienced having an orgasm(s) with unknown men standing their faces inches from their pussies. She said that the more it happened the quicker the next orgasm arrived and that she was glad that her legs didn’t have to support her.

There had been a lull in the new arrivals after about an hour and they were able to get a bit of a rest but the wand didn’t stop teasing their clits so it wasn’t a long rest.

Trevor checked up on them again and both told him that they were okay to continue.

They stayed like that for about another hour before Trevor went out to them, with Ben and the steps. They lifted them down and as Willow was being taken down 2 men arrived, one of them asking that she be put back up so that he could have a good look at her.

“Don’t worry mate,” Willow had replied, “you’ll get plenty of chances to have a good look after I’ve had a shower.”

Valeria and Willow had sat on a little wall for a few minutes so that their bodies could re-adjust to being the right way up, and so that they could have a relaxing drink of cold water.


As they walked back into the display room they walked passed where I was and I asked them if they were okay.

“Fuck yes,” Willow replied, “that brought back memories.”

They went to the store room and had a shower.


Meanwhile, the main exhibition got off to a slow start, Trevor told us that he had expected that, and just to liven things up a bit he asked me if I’d get on one of the tables in the centre of the room and let the other girls, and the guys, fuck me with some of the dildos.

They was no way that I was going to miss an opportunity like that and before long different girls and guys were fucking me with different dildos.

I had my first orgasm of the exhibitions and I was watched by most of the potential customers that were there.

That seemed to be the ice-breaker and us girls started getting asked to demonstrate items that were on display. We were also asked if they could use items on us. The guys were also getting the attention of the women potential customers. 

People started asking questions about all sorts, from how things worked to what effects they had on us. I guess that a lot of girls would have been too embarrassed to answer questions like that but not me, Jon had knocked that sort of embarrassment out of me years ago, and judging by the way Willow answered the questions, I got my thoughts confirmed that Willow doesn’t understand the concept of embarrassment. 

Willow got around her lack of knowledge about some of the items by suggesting that the person asking the question try it out on her and see what happens.  
 
Things started going quite well and Trevor looked pleased by the number of people there, and the number of enquiries and orders that he was getting, not just to buy items, but from shopkeepers who wanted to sell some of them in their shops.


In a bit of a lull in the number of customers, Willow and I wandered around the room looking at all the products. 

“Look,” Willow said, “there’s heart beat monitors similar to those that we wear at the ‘O’ Club.”

I picked up the box and read the details of what they were capable of then I told Willow that they would link to a smart phone and make the data that it stored, available over the internet to another smart phone.

“That’s an invasion of someone’s privacy.” Willow said.

“Yes, if you wear the monitor, but if you wore one Jon would be able to tell when, and how many orgasms you’ve had that day. Think of the fun you and Jon could have if you wore one of those and your Ohmibod to school.”

“Can we get one please?”

“Tell Jon that you want one.”


On another table were a couple of plastic speculums.

“Why is Trevor selling speculums here? They’re for doctors to use.” Willow said.

“People other than doctors like to look inside a girl’s vagina.” I replied, “some even like to video inside there when the girl is having an orgasm.”

“Cool, can we get one and you or Jon will be able to video inside me when I’m cumming. I’d like to see what I look like.”

“Tell Jon that you want one.”


There was a selection of dildos with suction cups at the base end on one table. Willow saw them ans said that she wanted loads of them so that she could stick them on the wall and chairs so that she could go round the house backing onto one, or sitting on one whenever she fancied something inside her.

“You could put one on your chair in the kitchen Then every time that you eat in there you can do it with your pussy full.” I said.

“What if I’ve already got something in there like my Ohmibod or my Lush?”

“You pussy will stretch to take both.”

“Yeah, I guess that it will. Don’t tell me, ask Jon if we can have some.” 

“Actually, I’ve got a couple at home.” I replied, “I’ll dig them out when we get back.”

“Thank you V.”


On one table Willow looked at big electric machine.

“What’s that?” She asked.

Trevor was standing nearby and he answered her by saying,

“Willow, just the person to show everyone what that is.”

“But what is it?”

“A chainsaw.”

“Woah there; you want to take a chainsaw to my pussy? No way.”

“Relax Willow, it won’t hurt you. Look, I’ll show you.”

Trevor got the chainsaw out of its box, plugged it in and gave it a quick burst of power.

Attached to the chain was lots of pink, soft, silicone tongues that we all touched and squeezed. There is also a little container for some sort of lubrication that the silicone tongues touch and get covered in at the motor end.

“Well they feel nice, but it’s a saw, think of the damage that that could do, it could literally cut me in half if the tongues became detached and the metal chain hit my pussy as it went round. The chain doesn’t have any cutting teeth but even so. 


Thankfully, there there’s a stand for it so you can control how close the tongues get to you pussy.

“Okay, I’ll try it but V, can you hold the plug and pull it out if it starts to go wrong?”

“Sure I will but I’m sure that Trevor wouldn’t put you in a position where you could get hurt.”

“Vanessa is right,” Trevor said, “I could never hurt my young starlet. It wouldn’t be good for business.”

We watched as Trevor setup the stand and placed the chainsaw on the stand. 

“Perch your butt on the edge of the table and lean back on your elbows Willow.”

She did, and Trevor adjusted the chainsaw stand so that the ‘tongues’  just touched Willow’s pussy.

“Ready Willow?” 

“Probably.” Willow replied.

Trevor gave the chainsaw a quick burst of power and some of the people watching, including me, jumped a little, possibly because of the noise that really did sound like a chainsaw.

The silicone tongues had spun round the chain ‘licking’ Willow’s pussy from the back end of her slit right up to her clit.

Willow had not flinched and when I looked at her face she was smiling.

“Okay Willow?” Trevor asked.

“Yes, green.”

Trevor smiled and turned on the power and all eyes went to Willow’s face and pussy.

“Aarrgghhh, Ooohhhhh, yeeeeeeeees, Ooohhhhh, yeeeeeeeees, that’s woooooonderfuuuuuuuul. Willow said, and within seconds she was cumming. 

She moved her hips forward then immediately moved back and started shaking.

When she was able, she said,

“Oh my gawd, that was totally awesome, I’ve got to have one of those. You’ve got to try it V, it will blow you away.”

“Does it work with the boys as well?” A woman in the little audience asked.

“Good question.” Trevor replied, “I’ve never heard of it being used on a man, but let’s give it a go. Rodrigo, please take Willow’s place.”

Rodrigo stepped over and Willow got off the table. As Rodrigo got on the table everyone saw that he had a semi, but the soon became a real hard-on as the silicone tongues licked up his balls and cock. Before long strings of his spunk were shooting up and landing all up his belly and chest.

“Well, I think that that answers the question madam, how many of these chainsaws would you like?”

“Can we get one please Jon?” Willow asked as we walked over to the fucking machines.

“Let’s get home and think about it for a week or so, then we’ll talk about what I’m going to add to our collection in the punishment room.” Jon replied.

“I guess that that makes sense.” Willow said, then continued.

“Look, there one of those electric shock dildos that we’ve got back home.”

“So there is.” Jon replied. “I think that this holiday has proved that you’re mature enough to handle almost anything. You can climb on the one that we’ve got back home when we get there.”

“Thank you Jon.” Willow replied.

“But one of us has to be with you all the time. Okay?”

“Well someone has to witness all my pleasure. What’s that thing, it looks like a kids rocking horse.”

“It’s called a ‘Monkey Rocker’, I saw it yesterday when the shifters were bringing everything in.” Jon said. 

It looks like a cross between a little stool and a rocking horse. Willow sat on it and started rocking backwards and forwards. As she went a wooden dildo on it went in and out of her pussy. 

“Do you think that Mr. Devine would get some of those to replace the chairs in the classrooms?” Willow asked.

“I doubt it, but you could always ask.” I replied.


Another little fucking machine caught Willow’s eye. It’s a box mounted on the end of a long, wide wooden plank. Sticking out of each side of the box is a pedal, like on a bicycle, but sticking out of the side of the box that faces the other end of the plank is a metal rod with a dildo on the end.

“I guess that you sit on the box free end of the plank with the dildo just inside you and start pedalling.” Jon said.

“Can I try it?” Willow asked.

“I don’t see why not,” Jon said, “Trevor did say that you could use anything that a potential customer asked you to, and I’ve been a customer of Trevor’s for years.”

“Nice and quiet.” I said, “you could keep that under your bed, pull it out and use it anytime and you wouldn’t disturb anyone.”

“Except for you screaming when you cum.” Jon replied.  


“I like the frame that goes with that Sybian.” I said.

“Yes,” Jon said, “I think that I might make one of those back home.”

“So how does it work?” Willow asked.

“Well, as you can see, when you’re impaled on the sybian your feet can’t touch the floor. Combine that with your wrists being tied to those rings spread out above your head, there is no way that you can get off the sybian so it just keeps giving you one orgasm after another until someone comes and switches it off.”

“That sounds fun.” Willow said.

“Yes, until you can’t take any more.” Jon replied, “it would keep going even if you blacked out. So if I do build one of those frames don’t you go using it unless someone else is there to help you get on and off Willow.”

“Okay, I promise.”



The rest of the machines were either exactly like the ones in our punishment room, or very similar. Willow and I turned to see a group of men looking at the machines.

“Could you show us how those 2 machines work please?” One asked.

“Certainly sir.” Jon replied, “I’ll just got and get one of the demonstrators to put these 2 girls on them and to control them for the girls.”

Jon went off and Willow and I got on the 2 machines that they indicated. A couple of minutes later, the naked Paul came over, strapped us down, made the necessary adjustments, then switched them on.

Willow and I relaxed and enjoyed the pleasure of the situation.

What Willow hadn’t realised, nor had I, was that the machine that she had selected has a headrest that can be detached thus allowing the girl’s head to drop back. If a man then goes to her head, her mouth is just at the right height to take the man’s cock; and that’s what Paul did.

His soft cock rapidly got hard and Willow was getting fucked at both ends; much to her delight.  

The machine and Paul kept going right through Willow’s first orgasm, and her second until Paul froze and shot his load down her throat.

Meanwhile I was well past my first orgasm and my second was approaching when Paul came and switched the machine off and I slowly got off it.

I looked at the group of men, all of whom were mesmerised by the events in front of them.

“So gentlemen,” I said, “are these what you are looking for?”

Two heads nodded.

“If you’d care to go and see that gentleman over there,” I said pointing over to Trevor, “he will be happy to take your orders. I’m sure that your wives or girlfriends will be very happy with your choice.”

I watched as the men turned and walked towards Trevor. I have no idea if the arrived at Trevor and placed an order, or if they just wanted to see 2 girls getting fucked by the machines. What’s more, I didn’t really care. I’d enjoyed the experience.

Then I turned my head when I heard a girl scream.

I saw Julieta with her front to the big wooden cross. Her wrists and ankles were tied to the ends of the cross and Rodrigo was holding a Tawse, obviously just having used it on her back or butt.

Willow came and stood next to me as we watched Rodrigo bring that Tawse down on her butt about 20 times.

“Remind you of anywhere?” I asked about half way through.

“Spanking Society.” Was all that she replied.

She was right and I felt a little wet rush in my pussy.

When Julieta was released we saw that she was smiling and I wondered if she was a pain slut.


These sort of happenings went on for the next few hours and the number of people coming and going increased and decreased at times until Trevor and Jon went and took the signs at the door down.

When the last potential customer had left, Trevor thanked everybody for their efforts and reminded them that there was a shower in the store room and that they had to be back before noon the next day.


Willow and I stood talking to Trevor and Jon until the others had left. Trevor was quite pleased with how the day had gone and so were Willow and I, Willow telling everyone that the day had been educational as well as pleasurable.

Then Willow and I went and used the shower while Jon and Trevor watched and talked.


It was dark outside when we left for the jeep, both Willow and I having put on our belt skirts and tops before we left the club.


Back at Trevor’s hotel there was a queue for the bathroom as we got ready for dinner, Willow and I putting on different belt skirts and see-through tops. Whilst waiting, both Jon and Trevor wanted some relief after seeing us, and the other girls, naked all day so Willow and I were happy to oblige.


Again, no one seemed to care about the 2 virtually naked girls walking into the restaurant where the main topic of conversation was, as expected, the day’s events.

Everyone was happy as to how it had all gone but I felt a bit sorry for Jon as he hadn’t been that busy and he’d had to just watch all us girls having the fun.


After dinner, Trevor wanted to walk down to the harbour and go to Groper’s Bar again. It wasn’t as crowed and, even whilst being groped, we watched Trevor visiting every girl there for a grope. He was like a little boy going into a candy shop for the first time. Jon meanwhile was a bit more relaxed and selective about who he groped and I observed that he only went to the slim girls.


It was my turn to sleep with Trevor and he must still have had some of the sexual frustration that must have been building during the day in him; and I certainly wasn’t complaining about what he did to me, and for the time that it took. 

Willow took advantage of Jon again and it’s always a pleasure seeing her youthful body bouncing up and down on him like there was no tomorrow.



