Miranda and Brandi get Paddled
by Miranda

One month passed since my last encounter with Bonnie and like with everything in my life so far, things only got worse. And I really meant it this time. For about a year I was the girl every boy lusted after and now I was the butt of their jokes. Well it was my butt that was the joke. Pictures and videos of me were all over the school and I was a laughing stalk. Worst than that however, all the catty girls in my classes now thought I was free game to mess with.
Honestly though, the bullying didn’t really bother me. I had bigger things to worry about, like Bonnie. At this point Bonnie wasn’t spanking me because she was jealous, now she was spanking me because she could. Now she knew I couldn’t fight back worth shit and my ass was free game. I lost my mind honestly. I could deal with all the jokes and the laughing, but Bonnie struck fear into my heart. I had never been more afraid of anyone in my entire life. I was literally having nightmares of Bonnie spanking me over and over again.
So what if everyone got see me naked? That honestly kinda turned me on a little. I guess I was a bit of an exhibitionist. However it was the spanking I couldn’t take. Worst part is coming up, because I heard rumors that Bonnie was planning to spank me again and this time with a belt and a hairbrush. The thought of being stripped naked again and beaten until I was screaming made me want to move. I didn’t know what to do. My ass had been more trouble than it was worth. So I thought maybe I could just gain a bunch of weight and get ache. Maybe by becoming a really ugly person, Bonnie would just move on from me.
Yeah except that isn’t how the world works, at least not for me anyway. Granted, by over eating I did gain a little bit of weight…but just guess where exactly all the fat was stored. You guessed it; my hips, thighs and my butt. I cried myself to sleep every night at how absolutely horrible I was at gaining weight. I mean seriously? How could this have happened? Why was this happening? My measurements were now 34D-21-43. My jeans that used to hang off me a bit were now super tight. So yeah…with that I knew my third spanking from Bonnie was imminent.
However, before the third climatic fight with Bonnie, I had another horrible thing happen to me. Well today was the day I made my best friend ever. We’re friends to this very day actually. Today was the day I meet my friend Brandi. I’m glad we me, but I’d be lying if I said I wished it wasn’t under different circumstances.
It was towards the end of the day on a Friday. It seems like Friday is the day I always get spanked. Anyway I was sitting in Mr. Pervert’s class. Sorry I mean Dr. Ruben’s class, and I was sitting in the back minding my own business.
So you remember those catty girls I said that liked to mess with me? Well yeah they decided to mess with me. One girl decided it was a good idea to ball up three wads of paper. She placed them underneath her desk and pulled one out.
“Oh no…” I whispered.
The catty girl looked straight at me and threw one of the paper balls at Dr. Ruben. Dr. Ruben was sitting at his desk grading some papers, so he didn’t see the girl that threw the paper ball. It hit him right upside the head, and he slowly looked up at the class.
“Who threw that?” he asked coldly.
“It was Miranda,” the girl said.
“No it wasn’t!” I shouted.
“Yes it was,” Floyd, another football player and close friend to Francis, said.
“Miranda…” Dr Ruben said coldly. “If you throw another paper ball you’re getting detention.
“It’s Friday,” I said.
“Thank you Rebecca Black,” Dr. Ruben replied. “My warning stands.”
I grumbled a little bit and glared at my desk. I didn’t want to look up at those girls and see their smug faces.
“Miranda!” Dr. Ruben shouted.
I was so startled I jumped out of my seat. “What?”
“I told you if you threw another ball you’re getting Detention. I guess you want to stay after school right?”
I thought about it for a second and realized that if I did stay after school Bonnie would have a hard time getting to me. Then I realized that I didn’t have a choice now considering the fact that another girl threw a ball of paper at Dr. Ruben.
“You just got exactly what you wanted. Not even two minutes go by and you throw another ball.” Dr. Ruben said.
I frowned and said, “Yes sir.”
I frowned and looked at my desk. Sure, I was being punished for something I didn’t, but then again Bonnie spanked me for no reason too, so honestly detention sounded like the much better option. But of course things got worse.
“So…I guess Detention just isn’t enough for you. That’s okay Miranda. I’ll teach you in detention today,” Dr. Ruben said.
“I didn’t do anything,” I whined.
The bell rang and all my classmates left the classroom. Dr. Ruben walked over to my desk and handed me a slip of paper. “Come to this room in five minutes.”
“Fine,” I groaned.
“Keep it up Miranda,” Dr. Ruben said. “Keep it up.”
I read the slip and it said Room 234. It was actually down the hall. So I did what he told me to and I walked into the classroom. He was in there, but there was a short girl, about 5’2 bending over the front desk. She was wearing tight gym shorts, so I could see she had a massive butt on her. She had long black hair and light brown skin.
She looked over at me and said, “Wow…first time I’ve ever had company.”
I stared at the first for a second for two reasons. She was absolutely gorgeous, probably prettier than me and also I was confused at why she was here too.
“Did you get detention too?” I asked.
The girl laughed and said, “This isn’t detention. If I were you I’d bend over the desk right now. Dr. Ruben hates waiting.”
“What are you talking about?” I asked.
“Hurry up.”
I walked over to the desk slowly and bent over it. There was a huge pit in my stomach. I was scared because I already knew where this was going. I trying not to cry, but my voice cracked a little. “Is he…going to spank us?” I asked.
“Yep.” The girl nonchalantly replied.
I whimpered. “Why?”
“Because he’s a pervert.” The girl replied. “Listen I can hear him coming, if you want to go by really fast, cry really hard and scream really loudly. Even if it doesn’t hurt act like it does and say you’re sorry.”
“How many times have you been here,” I asked.
“Too many times,” she groaned. “He’s coming.”
Dr. Ruben opened the door and he walked over to the both of us. “Your first time here and you already know the drill.” He snickered.
My heart was racing pretty fast now.
Dr. Ruben walked behind the desk and pulled the drawn open. He pulled out a medium sized wooden paddle and slapped it into his hand. It made a loud cracking sound. I started breathing really fast. I was super scared. Bonnie’s hand was one thing, but a paddle? I didn’t know how my butt was going to handle a paddle.
“Dr. Ruben I didn’t throw the paper,” I said, absolutely terrified.
“So you’re going to add lying to the list?” Dr. Ruben said. “Well that’s alright. I made sure the whole school was cleared out. Lucky for us the Faculty always leaves early on Friday.”
No wonder Bonnie always spanked me on a Friday, I thought.
Dr. Ruben stood behind the really beautiful girl and grabbed her ass. She squeezed a little and started rubbing it. Then he grabbed the top of her shorts and pulled them all the way down to her ankles, revealing her smooth, creamy tan booty. As it turns out she was going commando too.
Dr. Ruben then stood next to me. I was sweating profusely. Finally, as he grabbed the top of my jeans I plead, “Please Dr. Ruben, I didn’t do anything.” He yanked my jeans all the way down to my ankles too. He grabbed my butt and I immediately burst into tears.
Dr Ruben took a step back and placed the paddle on my butt. “Oh no,” I whispered and then shouted, “Please! I’m begging you!”
Dr. Ruben said, “You don’t know how long I’ve waited for a reason to paddle your butt.” I looked straight ahead felt the paddle leave my butt. Then CRACK!
“AHHH!” I shouted. I couldn’t believe it. One. One hit with that paddle I was screaming. “Good God!” I screamed.
CRACK! “Ouch!” I shouted. “Dr. Ruben I didn’t do anything!” I cried. CRACK!
“That’s three.” Dr. Ruben said.
He then placed the paddle on the other girl’s butt and WHAM! She slapped her butt with the paddle a lot harder than mine.
The girl grunted and said, “Thank you sir may I have another one?”
CRACK! The girl grunted again and said, “Thank you sir may I have another one?” CRACK! The girl gasped and I could hear her voice being to crack. “Ow…Thank you sir may I have another one.” CRACK! “Ouch!”
“There we go,” Dr. Ruben said. “Are you learning how this goes now Miranda?”
To hell with asking to be spanked, I thought.
The next slap with the paddle took me by surprise. POW! “ARGH!!” I yelled. “It hurts.” CRACK! “Ouch.” I started wiggling around. “Sir,” I whined. “Please…this is stupid. I didn’t throw the paper ball.” CRACK! “Awwwww!”
“So you’re going to keep lying?” Ruben said. “Well I still got time.”
He stopped paddling me and turned back to the other girl. He placed the paddle on her and she cried, “Please sir, I won’t wear short shorts anymore, I promise.”
POP! The girl cried loudly and she started to sniffle. “Okay…okay, sir I’m sorry.”
He paddled me and the girl ten more times, alternating between the two of us until we were both crying and screaming and even whining from the pain.
“Okay…okay…okay,” I cried. “Please stop. I threw the paper ball okay…I threw it.” I was literally exhausted from the paddling. The girl next me was blubbering like a baby.
Dr Ruben took a step back and wiped his brow. “So…you admit that you were lying. I guess I’ll have to give you ten more swats.”
I cried out loud, “No please! I can’t take it anymore.”
Dr. Ruben placed the paddle on my butt. The slightest touch of the paddle sent jolts of pain through my spine. I was breathing heavily and wiggly in pain just by the slightest touch. I closed my eyes really hard and gritted my teeth.
POP! “Errrrr…” I screamed between my teeth. The tears wear literally dripping down my face. I couldn’t believe I was in so much pain. SWAT! SLAP! POP! CRACK! I was screaming and kicking again, but I was running out of energy. I could take the pain anymore. I was seriously close to fainting. I dug my nails into the desk I was bent over and felt the paddle slap my butt again and again. I yelled as the final swat slapped my butt and shouted, “Thank you!!”
“Pull your pants up,” Dr. Ruben said.
As much as it hurt I quickly slid my jeans over my aching butt and turned around. The girl next to me did the same thing.
“Get out.” Dr. Ruben said.
I literally ran out of the room as fast as I could. As I walked down the hallway rubbing my butt the girl next to me walked over to me and said, “Wow…you can really take it can’t you?”
“Are you being sarcastic?” I sniffled.
The girl laughed and said, “Of course I am, you were crying and bitching and everything.”
I shook my head and said, “It’s not like you did any better. You were crying too.”
“No, I was just acting,” the girl laughed.
“Seriously?”
“No!” She burst out laughing, “He beat my ass harder than ever.”
“Why did he paddle you?”
“My shorts are too short,” she said. “Truth be told though…I kinda did it on purpose. I hate that bastard.”
Both of us laughed a little. I wiped my face off and asked, “What’s your name?”
“Brandi,” she said, wiping away tears. “You’re Miranda right? You’re like Bonnie’s arch enemy.”
“More like my ass is Bonnie’s worst enemy and I’m just caught in the middle,” I grumbled.
Brandi nudged me and said, “Well I’m sure you two will work it out.”
“Not likely…Bonnie hates me.”
“No…I meant you and your butt. Since apparently it has a mind of its own.” We both chuckled a little and Brandi said, “You know…if you really want to beat Bonnie, beat her at her own game.”
“What do you mean?” I asked.
“Instead of running away all the time just take the spanking and enjoy it.” Brandi laughed again.
“You know, for someone who just got their ass beat, you sure are cheery.”
“Well I mean I have to be. What’s the point of being angry after a punishment right?”
And it was at the moment, I knew I had met my best friend. I smiled at Brandi and nodded. I was so happy. I knew my lonely days were finally over, because I had Brandi. However, as bittersweet as this ending is things were only going to get worse. And I really do mean it this time.
