Fund Raiser
by jaqi1978©
Our story starts out with two groups of girl's (local sororities) having trouble making ends meet. We needed to have a fund raiser that would get us back into the black. Many wild ideas were tossed around; one sorority we knew hosted a topless party for one of the richer fraternities. One of my girlfriends said her boyfriend belong to it, and they had paid the girls well and had a great party. We had her ask him what our group might do, I think most of us were curious as to what they might think up.

We found out that, they all had fantasies about girls fighting over a guy. They wanted to see a brawl, but they did not want to see a lot of pain, just humiliation. We pondered over what might work, and decided maybe to sponsor a wrestling competition between the two houses. One of the houses is made up of girls that play softball, basketball, and soccer; the other house is mostly girls that play volleyball, swimming, and track. I myself play volleyball; I am 5'7 and a setter on the team.

Most of us were wild and crazy, and love to tease the boys. We thought this might be a way to have some fun and help our house survive. We talked about doing a topless wrestling, but thought maybe we would find out what would really turn the guys on and how we might make more. We found out they wanted to watch matches where the girl had to really want to win, somehow they wanted the loser to be humiliated. They also wanted complete submission by the loser.

It was decided that it would be best to make it a tournament and make it last for three weekends, with two bouts the first Saturday, and the finals the next. The final weekend would be a party with the fifteen losers forming a circle naked. The matches would start with each opponent wearing a bikini, with three rounds to a match, the first match ended when one opponent lost her top. Then at the start of round two, the one that lost her top had to get on all fours. The round would end with the loss of the bottoms from one opponent, in round three would require complete submission from one of the opponents. The winner could actually remain clothed through out the match, if she was that superior, but hardly likely as no one wanted to loose.

With a lot of in put from the guys, it was decided that the looser must really be humiliated. They come up with a table like in the OB's office where a girl puts her legs in the stirrups and is spread out. The looser would then have her pubes removed and the victors name would be written in laundry ink on her bare mound. She would have to keep it this way till the end of the party. You definitely did not want to lose the first round as you had to serve the second as a waitress for the night and waitresses were to be totally naked at all times. It was suggested they would wear a set of nipple clamps and a clit clip so they were more exposed, and if you earned any demerits while serving, that weights could be added to the clamps.

Each sorority had eight girls entered in the contest, with the winning sorority getting 60% of the take. The remaining girls in the sororities had to serve the parties also, but they wore their bikinis the first week and were topless the second week. The last weekend was going to be a lot of skin showing everywhere. It was decided the last weekend, the loosing soroity, would serve the party completely naked . The members that were in the contest and lost would be naked and have their hands cuffed behind them, as there was enough girls doing the serving anyway, and this could make them try harder not to loose.

I ended up as one of the wrestlers; I knew I was going to. I was raised in a home with three brothers who were all state champion wrestlers. I had learned a lot from them as they were always teasing me and playing jokes on me. I had also introduced some of my girlfriends to them over the years.

To say I had an unfair advantage would be correct, only thing was, a couple girls were like amazons, and I knew they were going to be trouble. Macy was 6' tall and a swimmer, she could play any sport as she was just that good. She would have easily been on the basketball team, as she was all state player of the year in high school, but she loved swimming. I knew she was the one we all would have trouble beating.

As it turned out, I would not have to meet her till the semi finals as the way it was drawn up. I was not looking forward to being naked for the bouts, and I definitely did not like the thought of having another girls name on my tender part and being teased and tormented. My first round I drew a girl that was a softball player, she charged right at me and I was able to slip behind her and get a take down, and I was easily able to undo her top, end of round one. I had the upper hand now as she had to remove both my top and bottoms in round two, she had to start the second round on the bottom and I was able to flatten her right to the mat, and I started sliding her bottoms down with my toes as I held her. She was done I knew, she was almost to cry. I had won both rounds and she was naked. I knew I just had to tie her up in a pinning hold, and she would have to submit. I was glad I had someone shorter than me to wrestle in the first round.

I watch as Macy disposed of a girl that was on the basketball team, and another one I had been fearing, the girl was 5'10, but her problem was her breasts, once Macy got her top off they were easy targets, and Macy had no trouble dominating her. I watch another match that had a girl form the track team and a girl from the swim team, they were both about 5'6, and really buff. They really went at it, and swimmer got the others top, but at the start of round two, the track girl made a reverse, and easily removed the swimmers top, both were now topless as they tried to remove each others bottoms, they both had each bottoms down to their knees and the swimmer was able to slide the others off finally. It was agreed at the start that no clothing could be pulled back on, so the swimmer would start round three with her bottoms around her knees, but she would be on top.

The bottoms limit the use of your legs, and the track star easily got a reversal on the swimmer, and finished slipping her bottoms off as she was on top of her. These two were closely matched and it looked like no one would win. We all knew you could only keep at it so long and fatigue would render one of you a winner. The track star was able to get the swimmer on her back, and she hooked her legs to spread the swimmers legs, she started getting worried as she was being spread wide and everything she had was on display. The rules of the contest, was not only wrestling, anything was legal, except for hitting with a closed fist, and biting. Hair pulling was legal, even though the swimmer had a short hair cut, the track star had hers in a ponytail, and could be gripped, the swimmer somehow got a hold of the others bush, and she had a very good grip, the track star tried to grab the swimmers, but hers was very short and she could not get it. The track star finally had to give as she was in tears from the tugging on her pubes. The swimmer told her after the match, she would not have to worry about those pubes for much longer.

She was put on the table and she had her pubes removed by the President from the other sorority. She then had Linda's name placed on her naked mound. She joined the other three losers at standing against the wall watching the rest of the night, the swimmer was allowed to get dressed and rejoin the party. The next bout had a volleyball star and a tennis player, I was rooting for the volleyball player, but the tennis star shocked me, she easily handled my friend. She was soon sporting Raylene's name on her publess mound. I was looking at the four girls that had loss over by the wall, I noticed my name (Gail} on her naked mound, it was really neat to see this, and I was tickled it was her and not me. I was wishing I had a longer name as it would cover more and be that much more embarrassing.

The next matched pitted a track star, and a softball pitcher against each other, the track star was far superior and stripped the softball player easily. The softball player was about 5'8, she had red hair and she had freckle everywhere. I thought she would be a lot tougher with that bright red hair, but Janice, the track star had no trouble handling her at all, and she put her over her knee and spanked her to she submitted. I was shocked that she could do that so easily. I was also dreaming what it would be like to be controlled like that.

The next match had a soccer player and a basketball player going after each other. The soccer player managed to snag the basketball players top real quick. The basketball player started the second round on all fours with the soccer girl on her back, the strength of the basketball player showed as she got an escape when she stood up, she was able to snatch the other girls top, so now they were even again. They rushed each other and somehow their bottoms came off at the same time, which ended the round, but it was decided they would square off like the start of the match instead of one being on top for winning the round. They charged each other and pulled and tugged at each other. They worked hard and their bodies were gleaming with sweat and you could see both were wearing down. Both of them managed to grab the others bush, and were pulling on them to make the other give, but neither wanted to loose. The basketball player (Laurie) managed to trip the soccer player and held on as she fell. She actually was almost to pull a hand full of pubes out and the soccer play screamed that she give, she was crying and in total pain. She had a date with the table though, and we knew how embarrassed she was going to be afterwards when the redness of her privates was revealed.

The next round brought up a match between one of my team mates, volleyball player and another track star. They seamed very evenly matched, and the both grabbed each others tops at the start, and both seem to come off before the whistle sounded ending the round. The volley ball player managed to grab the bottoms and rip them off as the other girl seem to pinch the hell out of her right breast. The third round started with the volleyball player on the track stars back, and she manages to push her flat to the mat. She sneaked her hand under the other girl and grabbed a hand full of bush making the other girl scream. It only took a minute or so for the track star to submit to defeat. She was led to the table where she was going to be wearing Mary Jo's name on her intimate parts for the next two weeks.

The last match of the first round was to start, and it was a match between a soccer player and a swimmer. We were all cheering for the soccer player as both other swimmers had won, and we did not want one sport dominating the events. The soccer player immediately showed that she was in complete control of the situation as she tripped the swimmer and landed on her back jerking her bottoms off first and then grabbing her top. It was decided that they would just skip the second round and go to round three with the soccer player starting on the naked swimmers back. The soccer player immediately flattened the swimmer to the mat and was able to put her in a painful hold that stretched her out backwards and bent her in the most humiliating way you could. The swimmer was forced to give and was still crying as she was led to the table to finish having her most private area exposed to all and to have Vanessa name put on her naked mound. This concluded the first round, and there was to be an intermission of one hour as everyone partied around and talked.

Round two was to have Macy, a swimmer, against Raylene, a tennis star. The next Match put Mary Jo, a volleyball player, against Laurie, a basketball player. In the third match we would see Janice, a track star, against Vanessa, a soccer player. The fourth match put me, Gail, volleyball player, against Linda, the other swimmer. I was getting worried as I knew Linda was going to give me a very good match, and I knew she made her opponent surrender by pulling her pubes. I was already wincing in how painful that would be. I also knew hers were so short that I could not return the favor, I was almost contemplating going over to the table during the break and having mine removed before the match so I would have an advantage. I did not do it, but thought about it.

The first match had Macy and Raylene, Raylene managed to strip Macy's top off and she was on top of her for the second round. She was able to grab Macy's bottoms and rip them off before Macy got loose from her. They started the third round with Macy naked and Raylene had not lost anything, as she was again on Macy's back. Macy immediately reversed the position in the second round and striped the top and bottoms off of Raylene. She grabbed her left breast and twisted her nipple as Raylene tried to grab her very short pubes. She made Raylene scream in pain and then switched her tactics to her bush, it did not take long for her to succumb to defeat and take her place wearing Macy's name on her naked mound. It was agreed that what ever you finished round two wearing is what you would remain wearing till noon Sunday, so Macy was now going to party naked the rest of the night, even though she was a champion so far.

The second match brought Mary Jo and Laurie against one another. I thought this would be a very interesting match as both girls were almost 6' tall and both bodies looked to be almost alike. Laurie was able to snag Mary Jo's top ending round one and putting Mary Jo on the bottom, Mary Jo was able to escape, and she managed to grab Laurie's top as she escaped making them equal. Mary Jo then made dive for Laurie, grabbing her bottoms and pulling, but Laurie grabbed hers also and they both pulled them to their limits. Both of them ending up naked as Jaybirds, as they squared of in the middle of the mat for the start of round three.

Mary Jo and Laurie locked up trying to throw the other to the mat, they both managed to reach the others bush and start yanking on the hairs and both were screaming in pain as they both jerked on the tender part hopping the other would concede. Mary Jo's hand pulled loose with some of Laurie's curly in her hand, and Laurie just pulled that much harder on Mary Jo's, and she some how got her other hand there to grip more. Mary Jo screamed in pain and submitted defeat, to be led over to the table and relived of what caused her to loose the match. Laurie and Macy now had two girls wearing their names on their tender mounds for the next two weeks.

Round three saw Vanessa and Janice combat each other. Janice had superior speed on Vanessa, but Vanessa had some marshal arts training and she could counter about anything Janice tried, she easily stripped Janice's top off and at the start of round two stole her bottoms with little effort. Janice managed to get an escape in the last round and as she went free she stole Vanessa's top leaving her topless. Vanessa then squared off and got a take down and also managed to grab on to Janice's pubes drawing a blood curdling scream from Janice. Janice tried to continue and grab Vanessa's Bottoms, but Vanessa kept jerking on her pubes, with tears in her eyes she finally was forced to surrender and join the other nine girls standing against the wall. Vanessa was the only one to still have her bottoms on after round two, she was going to party the rest of the night topless, but at least she was not naked.

I entered the mat next against Linda; I had about psyched myself out on waiting for this bout to happen, my stomach was horrible. As we lined up across from each other, Linda dared me to join her and start the match naked; she dared me to put on a strip tease before we started the event. I knew she was looking at going for the kill right off and that she would make a dive for my pubes right off. I thought "what the hell"; at least I would have the satisfaction of her partying naked the rest of the night. We both stripped naked and then met in the middle of the mat. She made her dive for me and I slipped around behind her and mashed her to the mat, I managed to push her down hard enough that you could hear her trying to get her breath back. I rode on her back with one of her arms drawn back behind her and I pushed her around on the mat. The mat was taking its stress on her sensitive nipples, they were getting rubbed raw on the mat and I think her arm was starting to cramp, I was able to keep my naked bush out of her grasps, and she finally had to submit as I had her held and she knew she could not do anything about it. Her breasts were cherry red as she stood and I was declared the winner of match.

This left Macy to combat Vanessa in the first bout the following Saturday, and I would meet Laurie in the center of the mat. Now it was time to party and mingle with the fraternity jocks that were footing the bill for this fantasy to come true for them. It was like 11pm, and we had all agreed we had to stay till 2am, so let the partying continue. It was wild seeing all those names on those naked mounds, Thank God mine was not one of them yet. I managed to get very drunk that night and I woke the next morning on the kitchen counter of our sorority sisters. I looked all over for my cloths, and finally found a towel; I left to walk the two blocks to our house as I did not want to get caught there without my friends that must have already left.

I managed to get home and headed for the bath to nurse my poor sore body and my sorer head. I sat in the tub, and decided that I was going to shorten my bush to next to nothing as I knew that if one of the other gals got a hold on it, I was toast. Besides, if I lost, it was history anyway, so why not increase the odds. I left a tiny triangle as I caressed myself and got really horny thinking about it. The week, seem to fly by, and we all got some strange looks from others on campus that I am sure heard about the matches.

Saturday night was to start at 7pm, the twelve loosing girls were again put on the table in the way they lost, and received a smooth up shave, making them super smooth, and the name of their conquer was also touched up. Mary Jo said she had tried to wash the ink off around the side, and found it did not come off at all. The president of the sorority said it usually took three to four weeks to wear off; it was a laundry marking ink. After the last girl was prepared, then the nipple clamps were put on their naked breast. Tom said they looked at him funny when he asks for fifteen pairs of the nipple clamps at the adult store. He had to go to three different stores to gather enough of them. He also had fifteen clit clips, and he also bought fifty six sets of hand cuffs. It was decided that each girl as she lined up at the wall, would have the girl beside her cuffed to her, her right wrist and ankle would be cuffed to the next girls left wrist and ankle. They would form a complete circle when the competition was done with the last girl cuffed to the first one. It was amazing to see those girls with their nipples clamped with a chain dangling between their breasts.

And they had each slid the clit clip in place; some girls were having trouble keeping them in place. It was wild seeing those naked clits being shown off with the jewelry. 

We were all dressed in our tiny bikinis again as we paraded in and joined the party. The first match was about to start and pitted Macy against Vanessa. Macy dared Vanessa to wrestle naked from the start, but Vanessa said she did not want to, she told Macy she would strip her and make her surrender and still have her suit on. We all realized none of us had seen Vanessa with her bottoms off, she had been the only girl at last week's party with any stitch of clothing on what so ever. Macy and Vanessa squared off and they managed to grab each others tops and render each other topless, thus ending the first round. As Vanessa made a dive for Macy, she countered, and ripped Vanessa's bottoms from her, Vanessa would not be loosing her bush tonight as she was shaved silky smooth. Then we all noticed that she had a tiny ring protruding from her clit hood, she was pierced down there. Macy was on Vanessa's back as the third round started and she tried to push her to the mat, but Vanessa got a reverse and was on Macy's back; she was able to remove Macy's top and grab the bottoms and rip them free. Vanessa reached for Macy's pubes and got a hold, but did not stop Macy grabbing her left nipple and squeezing it very hard. Macy then slipped her hand down and grabbed the ring on Vanessa's clit, I could tell Vanessa was done for; Macy was going to be in the finals. Vanessa submitted before Macy jerked the ring out, God would that have hurt. Vanessa now joined the others on the wall with her nipples clamped and her clit clipped and pierced, we also found out that Vanessa, was not shaved, she had actually had her pubes removed by laser, and would never have any pubes what-so-ever again.
I was up next against Laurie who had almost 5" height on me and probably that much reach also. I weigh about 125, and I imagine she is 145 or so, I still had the fact that I was raised in a family of wrestlers. I knew I could take her if I wrestled and did not loose my cool. I met her in the middle of the mat, and we shook hands and wished the other the best as the whistle sounded and the match was on. I managed to get a take down, and I reached for her top, as she managed to grab mine, the round ended with us even and starting round two squared off again. I got her down again and I slipped her bottoms off, the crowd hollered she was cheating as she was shaved silky smooth down there. She said she saw how many lost because they had their pubes jerked out, and she thought it would improve her chances. She was to be the down wrestler, and I started round three on her back, she managed to get a reversal on me, I got over confident. And she was able to steal my bottoms, but not before she pulled them up giving me a tight wedgies before my bottoms ripped and snapped against my clit, now that frigging hurt. Everyone saw I did not have as much bush as I had last week now also, I only had a tiny triangle and it was like maybe 1/4 inch long the hairs. I was able to reverse on her then and I got her arm back behind her so I could ride her and push her around the mat. I could tell the mat was raising havoc with her bare nipples. I had my knee between her legs and had her pinned and was torturing her nipples as I rubbed my leg along her naked clit, she was cumming as I rode her, I still could not get her to give, she was really enjoying this, I turned her over again, sliding her nipple on the mat some more, she was begging not to hurt her any more, and I ask if she give, she still held out till I rubbed my knee into her naked clit some more, she screamed as she submitted defeat. She was taken to the wall and joined the others; she was begging them not to clamp her nipples as they were so sore.

She was clamped and locked in place, it was then decided we would have a two hour break to party and every one was to tease and torment the fourteen naked girls lined up on the wall. I loved seeing my name on Laurie's naked mound; I knew this was really going to be a long two weeks or so for her. She had a steady boyfriend, and I wonder how she was going to explain the naked mound, and also how she was going to explain my name on her most intimate part.

I joined the party and thought maybe I could get Macy drunk and then I could win the match easily. I found Macy, but she was drinking ice tea. I knew I was going to have my hands full defeating her. We were both still naked as I did not have anything to put on, both parts of my bikini was beyond repair, and I did not bring anything else, why I do not know. Macy was in the same boat; her cloths had been ripped from her also. We talked and said we would just start equal naked as the day we were born. She commented one of us would be more naked than we had been since we were twelve years old after tonight. I was hoping that would be her, but I did not mind the idea of being bare, I was almost bald down there already. She said she could hardly wait to see my naked mound with her name on it. I told her I was thinking hers might be a work of art with my name stenciled on hers.

The two hours flew by, and the bell sounded for us to meet, she met me in the center of the mat. She asked me if I wanted to do something really wild, I ask her what that might be. She said she would submit to me, if I would submit to her, I kind of looked at her weird and ask what she meant. She said she would submit to me and go to the table and have my name stenciled on her naked mound, if I would do the same. I ask what about the match, she said we would then return and have the match, but both sororities would share the prize money and we would just put on the final show for all that had paid to see it. I thought for a second about it, and said I would, I knew this made more since, and it brought our two sororities together. We were all sisters and closer to each other than we ever thought we could be.

I went to the table and had them prepare me, I got Macy's name on my naked mound just above my clit. I then watched as Macy had her auburn bush removed, the last bush of all the combatants. There were now sixteen girls naked in the sorority house without a single pube between them. We met on the mat, and I got a take down on Macy, I swung around and was attempting to put her in a grapevine, when she managed to somehow get her mouth attached to my naked clit, when her lips locked on me, I was done. I could only think about one thing as she brought me off in front of everyone there. I did not realize that I was so damn horny and that I really needed relief. I knew I basically had been beaten, she truly was the winner, but no one cared, they had all cheered her on as I lost it. I really was her slave; I would do anything she wanted at this very moment.

The guys ask about next week, we agreed there would be sixteen naked girls chained together next weekend for the entire weekend, plus now both sororities were winners and losers', so the serving would be done by all the other girls bare naked; they were allowed to tease and torment us all they wanted. It was agreed that the only sex was if one of us consented to it, they were not to take advantage of us. I was dreading those nipple clamps, but Mary Jo told me they were not that bad, they were actually exciting she said. The guys had to go purchase to more set of handcuffs, another set of nipple clamps, and another clit clip as we would all be spending the weekend very naked and restrained I knew they would be poring us full of alcohol and tormenting us all weekend.

I had never been with another girl, I had joked about it, but Macy really made me cum, I was now more curious than I had ever been. I wanted to maybe try this again with her if possible. I still had the coming week party to find out.

The following Saturday, we all showed up at 7pm to be prepared for the party and to be watched by the guys. Macy's name had not faded in the least, and I had shaved myself again on Wednesday, I was shaved smooth again tonight, they had added menthol shaving gel, you might know, and it made the area very tingly. I winced as they tightened the clamps on my tender nipples, and then they applied the clit clip. It is very stimulating to say the least. I then had cuffs attached to my wrists and ankles, I was between Macy and Linda as we formed our circle with all girls attached to each other. We were all facing the outside of the circle and someone mentioned that we should streak the campus, we talked them out of that, but agreed to walk the two blocks to our house from this one. It was wild trying to get sixteen girls to walk in sink with all legs and arms tied to each other. You could not even scratch an itch without asking your partner beside for help on letting you. We had agreed we would stay tied together for one hour after getting to our house. Then we were to party naked the rest of the night and all day Sunday.

After that weekend, there has never been a hair below my neck on my body. I actually even ended up living with Raylene for five years after this party, and we have kept each other very silky smooth ever since. 
