Under The Apple Trees

Chapter One

It was, from what I can remember, a really nice day. The temp was in the high seventies, the sun shone brightly, and there was a very light breeze. I remember noticing all of the farm smells as they drifted by me. They were old smells. Grandpa stopped farming the land about three years before he died. That was three years before.

It was the first anniversary of Grandma's death that brought us all to the farm. Actually, that wasn't the whole reason for our visit. After all of the bickering among her children, they finally settled on that day to read her will. Naturally, the children were booted outside to play. There was only one problem with that. We all had our good clothes on.

Because I was the youngest male cousin, by five years, I seemed to always be excluded from everything the other boys did. That was ok with me because I never liked any of them anyway. They, and the girls, were just as snooty as their parents. Unfortunately, that included ours. 

Now, they were going to divide up all of their belongings, then sell the farm to some factory, or mall, or something. They didn't care. I did. My sister, Jenny did. No one else did. 

If for no other reason than to get away from the cousins and their noise, I took off walking. I didn't much care where, on the farm, I went. At one point, I thought about getting lost in the wooded area that was way beyond the fields. Something stopped me though.

About fifty feet behind the house was Grandma's garden. I remember today the hours and hours Jenny and I spent in there with her. It was fun because Grandma made it fun. She would tell jokes and funny stories. 

One of my favorite things was when she would sit down on the ground and tell us that she was "just too tired to make it back to the house". We would have to help her get up, then start to walk. Man, did she make a show of that too. She had us laughing all the way to the house. Of all fifteen children and seventy two grandchildren, Jenny and I were the only ones that asked to spend the summer on the farm.

Anyway, the reason I stopped that day was that I thought I'd heard something in the rows of apple trees that bordered the back side of the garden. There were three rows that Grandpa had planted himself about ten years ago. Now, they were growing out of hand, and the lower branches were drooping toward the ground.

I thought I'd heard the noise at the other end of those trees. I had to squint my eyes, but I saw something down there. I started walking and saw it move. As I got closer, I could see that it was someone lying there and moving around. As I got even closer, I could make out a girl's dress. That's when I stopped.

I waited. Slowly, I went step by silent step. Jenny and I had played hide and seek around there at night, and developed our own way of walking quietly. I did that then, and got the surprise of my life. Jenny lay there with her skirt pulled up in the front, no panties on, and her hand sliding up and down her slit. I could no longer move.

My eyes glued to where her hand was moving. I could see that she was already somewhat excited, and was climbing. She groaned and breathed heavily. The real kicker was when she finally climaxed. She yelled my name.

I don't know if a movement on my part alerted her, or if she realized someone was there, Suddenly, her eyes opened and she looked at me.

"Luke?" She covered herself and sat up. She also turned red. "I... I didn't know..."

I stepped up and leaned against the trunk of a tree. I looked at her for a minute, then smiled.

"Don't worry about it sis. I hear that everyone does it." I turned my head toward the house. "I'll bet every one of them does it too...those snobs." I looked back at her.

"I thought...I'd be alone out here."

"You were. I heard you from all the way to the lane going to the barn. I was going to go into the woods. Wanna join me?"

"I...don't have the...right clothes on."

"I can wait. Go change. I'll be right here."

"We didn't bring any other clothes, remember?"

"Oh yeah. Come to think of it, I shouldn't go in there with my suit pants and good shirt on either."

"Mom and Dad would ream you a new one," she said.

"I know, but they would bye me a new suit instead of getting this one cleaned."

"Yeah," she said, as she tucked her heels into her butt, then wrapped her arms around them. "They think they can bye our love. Look at Grandma. She didn't bye us much, but she knew that she had our love. She told me once that that was the most precious thing she had." She began to cry.

I slid down the tree and sat across from her. From that vantage point, I could see her small lips squeezing out from between her thighs. I was starting to have a problem.

"You heard what I said, right?"

"When?"

"A minute ago when I called out your name."

"Oh that. Yeah."

"I... I was thinking about you when I did it."

"Really? Like what?"

"You know. Like what it would be like to have you...touch me."

"I touch you all the time."

"Not in the way I want you to touch me though."

"And, how is that?"

"You saw what I was doing to myself, right?"

"Yeah. I've never done that to a girl before."

She unwrapped her arms from her legs, then leaned back on her hands and opened her legs. Her skirt fell in and covered her, but she remedied that. She opened her legs so they looked stretched.

"Would you like to learn how?"

"Uh...yeah."

"Good," she said. "Cross your legs in front of you." I did, then she moved herself close enough to put her feet to the sides of my hips, and her butt touching my shoes. "Take your shoes off." I did, then she lay back. "I'll tell you what. I'll start and you watch, then see if you can do it."

"Ok."

She started sliding her hand up and down on her pussy. After a minute, I saw one finger go deeper as it went up and down. It was between her lips. Her eyes closed too, and she got a smile on her face. That smile got bigger, then went away as her excitement built. Finally, she stopped and opened her eyes.

"Do you think you can do it?"

Without saying a word, I placed my fingers where hers had been...but upside down. As soon as I touched her, she squealed, then her back arched.

"Yes," she said, quietly. "That's...my clit."

I had no idea what I was doing at that point. All I knew was that it made her feel good. When she feels good, I feel happy.

I kept up what I was doing for quite a while. Her heels eventually ended up on my shoulders, and she seemed to be pulling herself up my body. When she finally climaxed, her pussy wasn't more than two inches from my nose. She finally settled down, but stayed in pretty much that position. I didn't move that hand, and by that time my other one was on her butt.

"A dream come true," she said, quietly. "I wish we were the only ones here."

"Why?"

"We could do this anywhere we wanted to."

I sat there looking down into her pussy. I couldn't tell you to this day why, but suddenly, I darted my face forward and started licking her there. I had a good grip on both cheeks of her ass, so I was able to hold her in place.

"WHAT...? Luke...?" Her head went down on the blanket and she sighed, then groaned. "That...feels...soooo...good."

I wasn't sure how long it was going to take her, but I was determined to let her get one more climax. I figured it was about five minutes later that she did. She mashed her pussy into my face for a minute, then eased all the way down.

"Where...?"

"That was something I just thought of doing, sis."

"You made me... It never happened...that fast before."

"I'm glad you liked it."

"Like it? No. I loved it. We're going to have to figure out how we can get together so you can do that at home."

"That's the easy part. Does Mom ever come into your room anymore?"

"No. She hasn't done that for about two years."

"Dad doesn't come into mine either. We go to bed before them. We can figure out then which of us is going to which room. I'll do that anytime you want me to."

Her ass was on my hands, that were in my lap now. Suddenly, she pulled her feet back, then swung them to one side. She got up, grabbed her panties and the book she'd been reading, then the corner of the blanket.

"Get up. We're going into hiding."

"Where?" I asked, as I got up and stepped aside.

"We're going into those woods. We just have to be careful not to rip our clothes."

"Ok. I just happen to know of a good path, and somewhere we can...go into hiding."

I knew things were going too well. We didn't even take two steps before we heard everyone calling our names.



Chapter Two

Jenny dropped the blanket at the base of the tree that we stood by. The trees were dense enough that I was able to sneak back to the other end, while Jenny walked out that way. We met up with everyone at the other end of the garden.

"You two are wanted in the house," one of them said.

"For what?" I asked.

"We don't know. Maybe you're named in the will. We all should be."

"I guess we'd better go see what they want, sis."

Jenny and I walked toward the house, as we got half way there, she got closer to me.

"I didn't put my panties back on and I'm still tingling down there."

We got to the house and I opened the door. As she stepped ahead of me, she wiggled her ass.

We knew everyone would be in the dining room, so we headed there. All of the siblings were seated at the large table, with their spouses or significant others behind them. They all looked at us when we stepped in.

"You wanted to see us?" I said.

"Yes." A tall, slim man stood up on the other side of the table. He motioned for us to come over to him, then he sat back down. "Ok then." He ruffled some papers, then put one on the table in front of me. "If you would, Lucas, please sign right here." I did. He flipped to another page. "And here, here, and here." I did. "Ok then," he said as he put them in order and looked at them.

"What did I just sign?" I asked him. He looked at me, then at Jenny.

"I have known your grandparents for almost fifty years. Although these other fine folks were their own children, they had a sort of soft spot in their hearts for you two. Therefore, it is my duty to inform you that you, Lucas, are the new full owner of this entire property."

Figure about thirty people in one room, all trying to out shout each other. I didn't have to imagine it. Because the man just sat there, looking at the table, they all settled down. Finally, it was our father that spoke.

"What the hell is the meaning of this, John? We have a deal already set up with a company to bye this place. We can't back out now."

"I'm afraid you'll have to, Sam. These were your parent's wishes. You do have the option to contest the will, but I'll tell you something right now. I also made a promise to your parents. I will use every means in my power to beat you in court. Some of you here don't want that, do we Sam?"

"We'll find someone that will beat you."

"That, you will have to do. The age of property ownership...and signing legal documents...in this state is thirteen. If you greedy people had settled before Luke's birthday, then you wouldn't have much of a fight. Luke is now thirteen, and Jenny will be in seven months. She can sign the same documents that Luke just signed then. Until then, as their attorney, I am advising them not to give in to any bribes."

"What do you mean their attorney? I can get them one," Dad said.

"Evidently you didn't listen to me, Sam. Luke just signed me on as his lawyer. I have his signature right here." He waved the papers at Dad. "That bribery thing applies to you too." He stood and started putting his things in his brief case. With that done, he motioned for us to follow him out. By his car, he turned around and looked at us.

"Your grandparents knew that would happen, so they told me to hold off with the will until you turned thirteen. The delay wasn't all their doings."

"What do we do now. We can't live here until we're out of school."

"What about bills and other stuff?" Jenny asked him.

He sort of giggled. "Those idiots in there were so worried about losing out on some multi million dollar deal that they didn't even ask about the bank accounts."

"What bank accounts?"

"The ones that go with the place. I set it up where the utility bills, the taxes and the insurance are paid. In fact, when you two do move in here, it will still be paying those bills."

"How... How much...?" He got into his car, closed the door, then opened the window. He started the car, then looked at me with a smile. "We'll talk later." He took off then.

"What are we going to do now, Luke?"

I looked at her, then toward the house. The idiots were just coming out of the house and heading for their cars. Boy were they hot. I looked back at Jenny.

"It's still early. Didn't you say something about the woods?"

"We'll have to go past them."

"No we won't. I know a way around them."

I took her hand and pulled her off the road. We went into a small wooded area and looked out. We ducked down, then went along a path I knew. We stopped by that apple tree and got the blanket. Jenny's panties fell out. She just looked at me and shrugged. It took a while, but we were finally up behind the barn. We just kept going until we were at the edge of the woods. I took her hand as we stood looking into them.

"This is all ours now. What we do here is our business, not theirs," I said.

"You're damned right. Let's go."

We took a path that I had taken a few times before. I had broken off most of the branches that hung down, so there were very few in our way. We walked for about a half an hour before we came to a clearing. Like I said. I'd been here before. The clearing was pretty big, with fallen logs in the middle. We sat on one, facing each other.

"Do you think they'll come looking for us?" Jenny asked.

"And get their good clothes dirty? I think not, my lady."

"That means that we're alone here."

"Probably more than we know."

"Good. I want you to do that again."

She stood up, grabbed the blanket, then placed it over the log. She then pulled her dress over her head. Except for her shoes, she was completely naked.

"Now you. Get undressed."

"Well...sis..."

"Look, Luke. I may only be twelve, but I know what happens to a boy when he sees a naked girl. That's one reason I want you to drop your clothes. I want to see you too."

"Promise you won't laugh."

"Why would I laugh?"

"I don't know." I stood to one side of the log and dropped my clothes. We both stood there looking at each other. "You look nice, sis."

"So do you. Can I touch you?" I nodded. She stepped over and grabbed my dick, then ran her hand down to the base. I groaned. "Did that hurt?"

"Far from it. If you keep doing that, I'll have to point it away from you." She ran her hand back to the tip, then back to the base. "Yeah. Like that."

She worked her hand back and forth. Her touch was just right. Her hand was soft, and just warm enough to do the job. Needless to say, it didn't take me very long at all.

"Jen..." She didn't get out of the way in time and I shot streams down her leg. "I'm sorry. I..."

"That's ok. That was interesting."

We found some leaves to wipe her leg clean. We didn't get it all, but it was good enough. We sat on the log, facing each other. She moved in far enough for our knees to touch. I put my hand on her pussy as she leaned back on her hands. After a minute or so, she put her feet on my knees, then let her knees flop to the sides. I couldn't help but run my other hand up her stomach, then over her, now hard, nipples. She didn't have any real tits yet, but the swelling had begun.

My dick was now back to rock hard. She was in a position where she could move even closer to me, so she did. My dick was now about an inch from her open pussy. As she got more excited, she lay down. When she did, her pussy came against my dick and we both gasped. We stayed right there as I continued. 

It was just before she climaxed that she jerked toward me, and she managed to impale herself on my dick. It went just past the head, but I was in there. Jenny squealed a little, then froze.

"I guess we'll try this too." She got her heels behind me, then pulled. I was now all the way in her.

"I should have moved," I told her.

"No. This is what I imagined us doing when I called out your name today. If we're going to live here all our lives together, it means that we would have eventually done it. Now is better than waiting."

"What do you want me to do?"

"Keep that thing in me, then start on my pussy again. Let's see what happens."

As she pulled her legs back into her chest, I went farther into her. I found her clit and started on her again. She started moving, which eventually drove me nuts. It was when she had her climax, and squeezed her pussy muscles around my dick, that I shot my first load ever into her. She eventually put her heels on my shoulders, then looked up at me.

"Don't pull out yet. I just want to lie here and enjoy the feel of you being in there."

"I didn't figure on going anywhere." I had my hands over both nipples now, then started sliding them all over her body. "I feel like the luckiest guy alive right now."

"Just stay in me and you'll know what lucky really feels like."

--------------------

That was seven years ago now. The company that they were dealing with sued them all. Some of them depended on that money so much that they had to sell everything they owned to compensate them. Others had to sell most of their assets...including our parents.

Speaking of them, we haven't talked to them in several years. They stayed away from our graduations too. We moved onto the farm, officially, a year ago, and are very happy here. 

As it turned out, we have our own cemetery on the farm, and that's where our grandparents are. We go out there once in a while. One day, in particular, turned out to be a special day.

"Jenny," I told my sister. "Today, in front of our grandparents, I want to commit my undying love to you. I know that we cannot legally get married, but..." I pulled a box out of my pocket. "Will you marry me right here and now?" 

"It took you long enough," she said. "As far as I'm concerned, we were married that day under the apple trees. I commit all of my love to you, except..." She bit her bottom lip, then put her hand on her stomach. "You don't get my love for him."

"You're...?"

"Yes, Daddy. I was coming out here to tell them, but somehow I think they already knew."

"Grandma always did. I have a feeling that she knew where we were headed with our lives. If she was here today, I think she would have given us her blessing."

Call it strange...a coincidence...Karma, or anything you want. As I said that, we both looked down at her grave. A flower that Jenny planted there three years ago, and couldn't get to bloom, just opened up for the first time. We looked at each other in disbelief.

