Current location: 
St. Paul, MN 

Current mood: 

giddy 

Entry tags: 

!fandom: harry potter, chaptered: how strange, character: remus lupin, character: sirius black, length: 2000+ words, pairing: remus/sirius

How Strange, The Form of Fear: Chapter 17 [Harry Potter]
Fandom: Harry Potter
Title: How Strange, The Form of Fear
Chapter: 17: Puppy Love
Summary: In school, the Remus and Sirius perform a complicated spell to marry their thoughts in a subtle but intricate union. Fluffy beginning, epic-length, angsty ending. It sticks somewhat close to canon throughout.
This Chapter: Full moon, fluff, and very minor hurt/comfort and mentions of bestiality. Mostly entirely FLUFF with an extra coating of warm and fluffy blankets and a romp in the water dish.
Characters/Pairings: Remus/Sirius, eventual James/Lily
Rating/Warnings: NC-17, bestiality
Word Count: 2132

Chapter 17: Puppy Love

Remus sat on the cold packed dirt of his personal, private hell. No one came down here except for him. His mother would cry if she even came close to the bunker, and his father simply managed to avoid it. Remus kept this place of pain as clean as possible, free of dust and spiders, free of blood and fur. Every full moon, Remus brought out a plastic basin of water, stowed old torn blankets and pillows inside, and then climbed down into the bunker and locked it from the inside. As a child, he'd needed a ladder to get in and out, but these days he was tall and muscular enough to drop in of his own accord. His father still came sometime late the next day and left a clean robe. Remus would somehow make his way out through the fresh pain. That was the worst: pulling himself out, scrabbling at the iron door and the dry earth and trying to force his muscles to do his bidding. Sometimes he lost a whole second or even third day waiting to summon the strength or courage. But his parents never came, never helped. Remus didn't mind. He didn't want their help. He didn't need them.

He needed Sirius. He did. It wasn't for now, for the night he wouldn't even remember, but for the morning, for the pain. Still, he'd done this many times without Sirius. He could do it again.

The 'bunker' was really an earthen cellar about a hundred feet from the house, with iron doors on the ground. He'd shown Sirius it on one of their first exploration runs, but he hadn't said what it was at the time. He'd only called it a storm cellar. Sirius had wanted to go inside, and he'd bugged Remus about how Remus could move out here, get away from his parents. Sirius didn't understand the things this place meant to Remus. There was no way for him to. Remus had refused to open it, refused to let Sirius in, and that had been that. But he could easily remember the way Sirius had banged on the door with his foot, watching the rusted iron flake away.

Maybe the sound was so easy to imagine because he was hearing it right now. The banging stopped for a moment, and then continued. Remus worried over the time he had until moonrise, then leaned towards the iron door in the roof of the bunker. "Dad?" he called.

"Why, are you expecting him?" Sirius called back.

"Sirius!" Remus gasped and fumbled for the lock. His wand was in the house where it should be, and his suddenly shaking hands wouldn't cooperate. "Fuck it," he whispered.

"You aren't, are you?" Sirius sounded worried. His voice was so distant through the metal. Remus hated hearing it that way.

"I'm not what?" He almost had the lock open, now. He was stretched onto his tip-toes to reach it, and the muscles of his legs were protesting loudly.

"Expecting your--" The door swung open and Sirius had to roll aside to keep from being struck and probably knocked unconscious.

"No, you daft sod. Get in here! It's nearly moonrise. I wasn't expecting anyone."

"I made a vow--" Sirius started.

"Don't you go the fuck on to me about any vows we both know you didn't make."

"Well," Sirius hopped down into the hole with athleticism and grace that Remus couldn't help but admire. Sirius was wearing the same muggle T-shirt he'd worn the day before, and it gave Remus a good opportunity to see Sirius' biceps and forearms. Merlin, how did one day without getting any make Remus so horny? "I'm making a vow now," Sirius said earnestly, as Remus reached back onto his tip-toes to re-lock the door.

"You are?" Remus sounded skeptical.

"Yeah, I am. I got halfway to Leeds before I remembered what you said about the morning after. I couldn't imagine how I'd feel in the morning knowing you were in pain because my pride can't take it here."

"Your pride. What was all that about my parents being good and not wanting to break up my family, then?"

Sirius shrugged. "My pride's smarter than me sometimes."

"I don't want to know--" but Remus was cut off in mid-sentence as a tremor traveled up his calves. His train of thought was lost entirely, and he went right back to sitting in his corner, in the exact position he'd been in when Sirius had come, waiting on the moon. Soon, as chills turned to real tremors all over his body and his bones began to break and grow, Remus had his two arms-- while they were arms, anyway-- wrapped around the whining form of a large black dog. It didn't ease the pain now, not one bit, but everything was always easier to live through when you're not alone.

*****

Sirius shivered and pulled the prone, still-sleeping form of Remus closer. The blankets they had down here were barely tatters, but their shelter slowly began to warm. Sirius imagined it was the Sun heating the iron doors that locked them in the underground cellar. There was a basin of water-- had been, anyway. No matter how much their shelter warmed, Sirius was still shivering, his clothing damp in all the places where it had not been exposed to air, his hair still wet and hanging in curls as it had a tendency to do. He remembered every detail of the night before, of course, and he wasn't sure why, at any point, he'd thought flopping into their water dish was a brilliant idea.

"Why're you wet?" Remus was awake.

"Uh... dunno," Sirius lied.

"You know I can tell when you're lying, right?"

Sirius sat up. "Guess I thought I fancied a swim."

Remus laughed and then groaned, presumably from pain. "Was it alright last night? I mean, in this tiny space, did we do alright?"

"Oh yeah." Sirius shook his head to try and dry it and, realizing that this method didn't work as well on human hair, began running his fingers through it. "You didn't want to play as much as usual. I don't think-- scratch that, I know you don't like feeling so... trapped, you know? Can't say I blame you. But I managed to make myself amusing at any rate."

"Don't tell me you jumped into the water bowl because I was bored."

"No, more like, because I was bored. I get stupid when I'm bored, surely you must know that."

"Don't remind me." Remus opened his eyes and blinked up at Sirius.

"You, on the other hand, become so damn ornery and serious when you're bored. To tell the truth, you mostly sat in your corner and growled at me."

"I didn't."

Sirius shrugged. "I don't mind. There are plenty of days where you do that as a man too, mate."

"There are not!"

Sirius laughed. "Whatever you say."

"Well, I'm sorry."

"No need to apologize. I did get a good shag out of it," Sirius smiled to himself.

"You-- What are you-- You're lying."

"Ah, but surely you know I'm not."

"Sirius! Why would you let something like that happen?"

"Relax, Moony. It wasn't what it sounded like, though I sure let myself enjoy it like it was," he turned to wink at Remus. "Nah, I tried to get you out of your corner, so you reminded me who was boss here. I had it coming, really."

"I did.. What did I do, exactly?"

"It's... it's what dogs-- wolves-- whatever-- it's what we do. I ought to have expected it. I understand dog behavior well enough by now. I took it like a man," he winked again.

Remus stared up at him, expression frozen in horror.

"Look, you know how you always see dogs humping and shite? It's just to say who's boss. It's not different to... like, showing your teeth when you growl. It's natural, you know? Not sexual, Moony. Not for you, anyway. For me... Well, it's not as if I'm a dog, is it? Being humped by my boyfriend is always going to be sexual." Sirius grinned mischievously.

Remus seemed to decide against being horrified, though Sirius would feel that Remus was far from accepting this turn of events. Remus just didn't have the strength to argue, so he settled back down into the canine-shaped nest of torn blankets.

"You want to go back in?" Sirius asked.

"Can't, my parents would kill you."

"I don't care about them, I'm asking you if you would like to go back inside, to your bed. I'll make you a spot of tea, bring you a book, maybe even read it to you if you're real nice to me."

"Yeah. Yeah, a bed sounds lovely, Pads."

"Right. Don't move, I'll just hover you there, and if I run into your parents-- well, I don't think they'd go and hex me while I've got you in a hover charm, would they?"

"Dunno, my dad was awful angry."

Sirius laughed. "Then we'll fight our way out."

"I'm starkers and hurt and I haven't got my wand."

"Yeah, it'll be brilliant. Imagine James when he hears about how we fought our way out starkers and wand-less."

"Sirius, you have clothes and a wand."

"Well, I'd ditch them before fighting, see. Wouldn't want to ruin the story."

Remus laughed and sat up gently, leaning heavily on Sirius. "I think I can walk if you'll help me."

"Yeah, alright." Sirius kissed Remus' temple.

"Sirius?"

"Yeah?"

"If you storm out again I'm coming along, got it?"

"You made it plenty clear last night that you are the boss," Sirius laughed. "Your wish is my command."

*****

As it turned out, Remus' dad was out, but his mom was in the kitchen when Sirius came in the back way with an arm around Remus'-- who wasn't even the slightest bit naked, as his dad had left a robe above-ground for him, just like he always did. Mrs. Lupin gasped and tried to take Remus from Sirius, but Remus smiled at his mum. "I'm fine, really. Sirius is just bringing me up to bed. Wouldn't mind that spot of tea, though."

"Don't worry about it, Mrs. Lupin. I promised it and I'll get it," Sirius said without even looking at her.

"Pad--"

"I've got it, Remus." Remus had to admit that Sirius suddenly sounded much older than his years.

However, by the time Sirius was tucking Remus into bed, a harried and pale Mrs. Lupin was behind them holding a tray with a teapot and two cups, some biscuits, and several books.

"Thank you," Sirius whispered.

"Does he-- Remus, do you need any bandages or anything?"

Remus laughed as he fluffed his pillow and settled under the warm covers. "No, mum. I'm fine. I told you, I don't hurt myself when Sirius is there."

"Oh. Alright. Sirius, you?"

Sirius barked out a laugh. "No, ma'am. Other than an ill-advised romp in the water-dish, I'm no worse for wear."

Mrs. Lupin stared wide-eyed at Sirius, likely noticing his wet hair and clothes for the first time.

"Don't let him bother you, mum. Sirius is a moron."

"Don't tell your mum I'm a moron," Sirius hissed.

"Well, you are."

"I know that, but it's rude for you to say so to your mum."

Remus laughed tiredly. "It's obvious, though, isn't it? Who decides to take a roll in the water dish in the middle of the night? Not even dogs do that, Pads. Congrats, you are stupider than a dog."

Sirius rolled his eyes. "You try sitting in a tiny room while your boyfriend spends all night growling at you and see if you don't try to put your head underwater to escape!" Sirius was in an exceptionally good humor, and Remus smiled.

"I haven't got to. My boyfriend is Sirius Black and he doesn't bloody stop growling at me so I've gotten used to blocking it out."

Sirius punched him on the arm, lightly enough that it didn't hurt. "Git. Your wolf nags more than Evans."

"Better watch out James doesn't try to steal me, then." Remus wiggled his eyebrows and Sirius huffed.

"Um," Mrs. Lupin's tiny voice reminded the boys that she was in the room. "I'll just leave you two alone, then."

"Thanks, mum," Remus whispered. He'd forgotten his mum was standing there. Any mention of the wolf or werewolves usually upset his mum, but she had seemed... strangely fine.

"I'm glad you're not hurt, love," Mrs. Lupin whispered as she turned to go.

"Me too," Sirius sighed into Remus' hair. "After all, you nearly sprained something humping me."

"Ohhhhhhh, fucker," Remus tossed a pillow at Sirius and fell asleep to Sirius' muffled giggles: the only lullaby he fancied he would ever need again.