Mr. Bear by Chris Hailey and Lewd Lexi, Copyright 2021

Story codes: DD/lg, anal, teddybear, audio script

Summary: A girl has a naughty dream, and then acts it out with her teddy bear.

==============

Disclaimer
If it is not legal for you to access this story, you must leave immediately.

This story is fictional and is considered by the author to be a work of art. While the story may contain scenes that some readers might consider prurient, these scenes are intended to advance the author's artistic goals. All characters and events are fictional and all reader comments are understood to be fictional and fantasy.

This story contains written fictional fantasy material that may be objectionable to some readers and may be illegal in some jurisdictions. This may include, but is not limited to: 1) Written fantasy depictions of minors engaged in sexual activity, including sexual activity with adults; 2) Written fantasy depictions of incest; 3) Occasionally, written fantasy depictions of rape and abusive behavior. If you find any of these subjects objectionable, or if they have been determined to be or may be determined to be obscene or otherwise illegal in your jurisdiction, you must leave immediately.

This story is intended for adult readers only. If you are not of legal age to read erotica in your jurisdiction, you must leave immediately.

Thank you,
~CH

==============



Author's note: This is an audio script I wrote for my favorite audio artist, Lewd Lexi. If you'd like to hear her recording of it, visit her website at https://lewdlexi.com. Be sure to leave a comment for Lexi, and tell her that I sent you!



Good morning Mr. Bear!

[Yawn]

How's my favorite naughty stuffie this morning? You look very handsome. And very soft and cuddly and squeezable. Mmmm, I could squeeze you forever!

Did you sleep well last night, Mr. Bear? I did! I had a wonderful dream. It was a very naughty dream. Do you want me to tell you about it? Of course you do! You're a naughty teddy bear and you like naughty stories!

There was a man in my dream. I don't know who he was, probably one of the guys who likes to listen to my audio recordings. Maybe even a guy who's listening to me right now! He was big and strong and handsome, just like all guys are. Just like the guys listening right now are. And you know me, I'm little, so he was way bigger and stronger than me, and he could do whatever he wanted. There was nothing I could do to stop him. And he did. He did do whatever he wanted.

Now, Mr. Bear, we know you're just a little teddy bear, so sweet and soft and snuggly. But if you want, we can pretend that you're a big strong man, just like the guy in my dream. Just like the guys listening to this right now. And then this can be your dream, too! Your naughty dream!

At first, the man just snuggled with me. It was so nice to be in his arms. [Sigh] I wish I was snuggling in the arms of a big strong man right now. Come here, Mr. Bear, you're my big strong man today! Let's snuggle!

Oh teddy, I feel so close to you. This is just like in my dream. The man had his arms around me, and he held me tight and made me feel so comfortable. I just melted into his arms. He smelled really nice. Not nice like a girl. Girls smell like flowers and candy, and I love that, but he smelled nice like a man, like the smell of a warm rainstorm and freshly mowed grass. I buried my head in his chest so that I could smell him.

You smell nice, too, Mr. Bear. Not really like a man, but I can pretend. I'm going to bury my face in your chest and pretend. Mmm.... Such a big strong chest, just like the guys listening to this have. I love you, teddy, but I wish one of the guys listening to this was here right now so I could bury my face in his chest and smell him. Just thinking about it makes me feel so nice

I could have stayed like this forever, in my dream, just snuggling and feeling excited. But the man, he put his hands on the side of my head, and they were so big, he could just hold me completely. Yep, just like that, Mr. Bear! And he lifted my head away from his chest and he kissed me. He leaned down and gave me the most romantic kiss! It's too bad you don't have a tongue, though, teddy, because he had his tongue in my mouth the whole time we kissed. If you think I was excited to snuggle with him, that was nothing like how I felt when he kissed me. He tasted sooo good. So masculine. I felt like I was going to faint, I was so excited.

You know how sometimes you like to get fresh with me, Mr. Bear? Well, the man in my dream got really fresh with me. He kissed me for a really long time, and while we kissed, he pulled my nightie up, and he slid his hands up, yes, just like that, Mr. Bear, he put his hands right on my breasts. Oh teddy your paws are so soft, they feel so nice on my breasts. You're making my nipples get all tingly. That's exactly what it was like when the man was feeling me up in the dream, I was sooo tingly. I wish you had fingers, though, teddy, because he was pinching my nipples, and pulling on them. Here I'll do it for you, because you can't. Ooh, it feels so good. My nipples are so sensitive. I wish the guys listening to this were playing with my nipples right now!

Oh Mr. Bear, I think I could cum while I squeeze and pinch my nipples. In the dream I felt like I was going to cum, that's for sure. But can you guess what the man in my dream did next? You've already guessed! Yes, move down, teddy, kiss my neck, kiss my chest, and then, oooh, kiss my nipple, teddy! I'll hold my breast up for you and, oooh, I'm so turned on now, your mouth is so soft and gentle, just like the man's tongue. And now the other nipple, Mr. Bear, you can't forget the other nipple! Oh teddy! You're such a good naughty teddy bear. I feel so good right now, just like I felt in my dream.

You know exactly what the man did after he kissed my nipples. You're already doing it! First he kissed right between my titties, and I squeezed them together around his face, just like this, teddy. And then he moved down, kissing my belly, kissing my belly button, and he pulled my panties down, just like I'm doing right now, and he kept going down, and down, and he kissed my little pubic mound, and I was so excited. I was so wet. I'm so wet right now. Kiss me, Mr. Bear, kiss my pussy! Just like the man did, just like all the guys listening right now would do if they were with me. Oh gosh I wish they were with me! But you're a good alternative, teddy, your mouth is so soft and warm, rubbing up and down my slit, like the man did with his tongue. I wish you had a tongue, teddy! Tongues are so wonderful! We'll use your little nose instead and I'll pretend that it's a tongue. I'll pretend it's the tongues of the guys listening right now, licking up and down my soaking wet kitten, and then right on my clitty, rub your tongue all over my clitty. Oh teddy! Oh, oh, teddy, you're making me cum! Rub your tongue in circles around my clitty, and up and down, tease my stiff little button, you sweet naughty teddy bear! Ohhh! I'm so excited, Mr. Bear, I'm so wet! This is just like in my dream!

Whew. That was a really nice orgasm that you just gave me Mr. Bear! Just like the man did in my dream. But he wasn't finished, just 'cause I came. No, not even close! He sat up on his knees in front of me, and pulled off his pants.

And Mr. Bear, his cock was sooo big, and so hard, I just fell in love with it. It was so beautiful! And I know all the guys listening right now have big beautiful cocks, too, but teddy, I know you think you have a big cock, too, and I do love what you have down there, it's so soft and furry and I love to snuggle with it and kiss it. But you're really just a teddy bear. You don't really have a cock. But guess what! I have a special toy! Look! It's a great big cock that we can strap onto you and you'll be just the man in my dream, just like the guys listening to me now, with great big cocks all hard and ready and anxious.

Look Mr. Bear, it's perfect! You look so handsome now! My sweet teddy bear with his great big cock!

And now that you have a cock, Mr. Bear, you can do what the man did next in my dream!. Grab my wrists, teddy, push me down onto the bed, hold me down with my arms up above me. I'll struggle a little bit--"Oh, Mr. Bear, no, let me go! I'll be a good girl, I promise, if you let me go!" But of course you don't let me go, and the man in my dream didn't let me go, either. He held me down. He forced me to spread my legs. Teddy, you're so big and strong like the man in my dream, like the guys listening right now, there's nothing I can do. I'm completely at your mercy and you can do anything you want to me. I don't have any choice but to just lie here and let you do it.

Oh Mr. Bear, your cock feels so nice, sliding in and out of my wet pussy! Oooh, teddy, you can fuck me as long and as hard as you want. Just slide that beautiful cock in and out, over and over, just like the man in my dream. He called me nasty names while he fucked me, you should do that, too, teddy. And you guys listening, you should call me naughty names, too. Tell me I'm a little slut. Tell I'm a little whore. Oh teddy that's what I am! I'm your little whore!

Mr. Bear, I think I'm going to cum again. That's exactly what happened in my dream. While the man used my pussy, and called me naughty names, I started cumming again. Mr. Bear, I'm so glad you have a cock now so that you can fuck me just like he did! He was being so rough, he was slamming his big strong body against me while he held me down, forcing his cockhead into me as deep as it could go, over and over, faster and faster, just like you're doing now teddy, and oh teddy, oh my sweet naughty teddy bear, I started to cum again, just like I am now, I'm shaking and moaning, uhhhh, uhhhh, and my pussy is so wet I'm just slopping girlcum all over your cock and your balls and I'm wide open and I'm cumming! Oh my god I'm cumming!

And then guess what the man in my dream did, Mr. Bear. He stopped. Right when I was at the very height of my orgasm, he stopped. He had his huge cock all the way in, impaling me, oh yeah teddy just like that, and he held it there deep inside me while I came and came, all over his beautiful cock and his great big balls. And when I was finally done cumming, he pulled out. I was sooo disappointed. All I wanted right then was for him to cum with me, for him to shoot his sperm into me. But he didn't. He pulled out.

Then he grabbed my hips, and he flipped me over, yes, teddy, just like that! And he lifted my ass in the air, and then teddy, oh my god teddy, he put his huge swollen thick cockhead right up against my asshole, just like your doing right now. And he grabbed my hips and held me there, he was just so strong, there was nothing I could do, and he pushed in. He forced his giant cock into my ass.

Oh Mr. Bear, fuck my ass, just like that man did, just like all the guys listening right now would do if they were here with me. Drive that big beautiful cock into my asshole, force my tiny little anus open, oh yes, force me to take it, don't listen to me if I start crying. It's okay if it hurts, I'm just a slut and a whore and this is exactly what I want. I want a big strong powerful man to do whatever he wants to me.

And teddy, my sweet strong teddy, I think I'm going to cum again. This is just like in my dream. This is just like what I would do if the guys listening to this were fucking my ass. I would--oooh--I would start to cum. The man in my dream, oh, oh, he just held my hips so tight, oh, oh, and he just slammed his cock in my ass. Mr. Bear, slam your cock in my ass! Mr. Listener, slam your cock in my ass!

Oh wow Mr. Bear, I'm exhausted! I've cum so much! But don't worry, this isn't the end of my dream. Not yet. The man in my dream still hadn't cum, and I hope that the guys listening to this haven't cum yet, either. In my dream, the man pulled out of my ass, but he was still hard, just like you, teddy. Just like the guys listening to this. They're all still hard, too, I know it!

And teddy, you know what a man who's still hard needs to do.

Mr. Listener, what would you do? Where would you finish? Would you jack off onto my ass? Or would you make me turn over so you could jack off onto my titties, or onto my face? Or would you slide your big beautiful wonderful cock back into my pussy and finish inside me? I don't care what you want to do, I'm too exhausted to care. I just want you to be done. So Mr. Listener, you can do whatever you want to me. You can cum wherever you want.

I'm gonna have Mr. Bear do what the man in the dream did to me, and you can so this too, Mr. Listener, but I want you to do whatever you want. Just imagine what you would do to me, and then do it! I want you to cum so badly! I want you to cum for me! Will you do that? Will you cum for me now?

In my dream, the man used his big strong hands to flip me over onto my back, and he straddled me so that he was sitting right on my chest with his cock right in my face. He grabbed my wrists and pushed my arms up against the wall behind my bed.

Yes, Mr. Bear, I'll be a good girl and I'll suck your dick and you can cum in my mouth. I have my mouth wide open now, and you can slide your cock in deep. I'll be a throatjob girl, just like I was in my dream. Yes Mr. Bear, fuck my throat! Oh Mr. Bear and all you guys listening, cum! Please, please cum, cum for me right now!



Thank you Mr. Bear. That was perfect. That was exactly what my dream was like. And thank you, all you guys that are listening out there, I hope you had a great orgasm and I hope you shot a whole lot of cum! That's all I want to do, is make guys cum. It's my favorite thing to do.

Now Mr. Bear, let's get out of bed and get dressed and see if we can get Daddy to make us some breakfast!




[If you like this story--or if you don't like it!--please drop me an email to let me know what you think at chrishailey01@protonmail.com. Also, visit my story site at www.asstr.org/~Chris_Hailey. Thanks!]
