Sierra woke on a hard surface. Her eyes blinked in the half light. She was naked, but the air was warm and almost humid. The grogginess she'd initially felt began to dissipate into confusion. Nothing in her immediate surroundings made sense. She almost couldn't remember who she was. Then a few flashes. The kind doctor. Worried faces of family. Lying on the gurney hooked up to so many wires, machines and IVs. The pain fading into that thick anesthesia feeling and some shadow memory of cold.
Then it flashed through her mind that she couldn't feel her body, at least not the way she was used to feeling it -- the constellation of sharp pains blinking in and out of joints, the exhaustion and nausea ebbing and resurfacing. All gone. She took a deep breath, then sighed. No pain, no wheezing, yet her chest did feel a little heavy.
Suddenly, blinding light flared from above and Sierra brought up her arm to shield her eyes.
A strangely accented voice boomed, "Intergalactic lords and ladies, our human woman is awake. Once highly prized as sexual pets, modern human slaves are rare indeed, rarer still to find one without the protective, poisonous genetic modifications most humans now possess." There were murmurs as if from a crowd.
Sierra couldn't quite grasp the meaning of the words as her own thoughts interrupted swirling with questions, "What? Where am I?" but she turned towards the murmurs and was startled to see across the room what looked like shadow monsters of every shape and size staring at her through darkly tinted glass.
"She came to us floating through space," the booming voice continued, "like a gift from Shevu. Perfectly preserved. Only a slight immune malfunction quickly corrected and though we made very few, ehem, additions, I'm sure they won't go unappreciated. Who'll start the bidding?"
Sierra's eyes widened. What? She tried to sit up and nearly fell back, propping herself with her arms. The surface beneath her looked and felt like warm, silver chrome, but that wasn't what caught her eye. She stared dumbfounded at the huge, perky breasts which swayed heavily as she caught her balance. What the?! She'd never been flat-chested, but now . . .
Sierra snapped back to the voice as it seemed to be answering a question from the crowd behind the glass, "we will be having a demonstration shortly Lady Abel. I assure you all is in working order, and as I said, no poison to contend with."
Fear began crawling over Sierra which bubbled into full on panic. What was this? What had been done to her? She managed to sit all the way up and swing her legs off the odd, chrome, bean-shaped "bed" and her feet touched warm . . . sand? A little dizzy from the quick movements, she looked about frantically. It appeared to be a large room with the shifting, sinister figures behind tinted glass on one side and seamless darkness on the other three walls. Hazarding another look at her body, she noted other less obvious changes, absolutely smooth, perfect skin and . . .
A whoosh sound and a large rectangle of light appearing on one wall interrupted her inspection. The shadow of a tall, male figure filled the rectangle and stepped forward.
"Ah, the Shivean is ready. Lords and ladies, enjoy." There seemed to be a smile in the announcer's voice. There were cheers and applause and then expectant silence.
The man? Creature? advanced towards her across the sand floor with almost snake-like stealth, his dark, predatory gaze piercing her to the spot. As he drew closer, she noted he was even taller than she first thought, his skin greenish with an almost metallic sheen. His face looked human, but smooth and sharp at the same time. He smiled at her showing pointed, white teeth. Startled enough to break eye contact, she looked down to notice his lean, muscular body was naked except for a sort of silvery loincloth that tented over what appeared to be an enormous erection.
Instinct kicked in as she squeaked a yelp and slid off the silver rock-bed to stagger a few steps in the sand only to feel the creature's strong, strangely cool arm slide around her waist and grow taut, lifting her back against him like she weighed nothing. He must have moved like lightning to cover the distance so fast. His body against her was hard and also cool, but heat radiated from the erection she felt rubbing against her lower back through the cloth he wore. She struggled gasping for breath, chest heaving. Vaguely she heard cheers from the tinted glass, but they were quickly quieted.
"Stop!" she cried out. "There's been a mistake!"
The alien man's other smooth arm and long fingers moved down her body pinching and stroking. "Shhh," he leaned down and half cooed, half hissed in her ear, "You will not be harmed little pet." His voice was a silky rasp, "mmm, your skin feels so nice."
"Let me go!" she whimpered. His free hand was making it back up from her thigh to her waist and then it cupped the heavy weight of her breast until pulling it out by pinching the nipple. "Stop it!" She struggled again. Angry tears filled her eyes. "I was sick and . . ."
"Oh," he said while seemingly effortlessly turning her to face him, "don't worry, I will make you feel so much better."
The tall, alien man pulled her to him again, this time his erection pushing into her belly. One of his long hands remained on her ass holding her close the other grabbing her neck forcing her to look up at him. Her arms flailed uselessly pushing against his chest.
He smiled almost lazily and tightened the grip on her neck cutting off her breath. As he released his grasp, her mouth gasped for air and he descended on her kissing her open mouth with a long, black tongue. Remembering his sharp teeth, she froze as his hand held her head in place. He expertly teased and tongued her, ending by tracing her parted lips. In spite of herself, she sighed and a soft moan escaped her shuddering body. She felt a little light- headed. "You taste delicious, little slave," he said now nuzzling her neck.
His words took a moment to register and at once she renewed her ineffective squirming and struggling.
There were some indistinct murmurs and clicking noises from the crowd behind the glass.
"Yes," said the announcer. Sierra had almost forgotten about the eerie audience and though held fast, tried to squint helplessly in the crowd's direction.
"Now, Shivean" commanded the announcer, "we don't have all day." There seemed to be a response from the crowd, both movement and sounds of approval.
The reptilian man holding her pursed his lips into a smile. "I thought it would be better if you were somewhat prepared" he whispered to her in a conspiratorial way. She realized she could still taste his kiss like a sort of honey, sticky film coated her mouth. Her body seemed to buzz and her nipples grew so erect they ached. She could feel a pulsing need start to throb in her abdomen. She shifted her legs together and gasped as the rubbing sent a thrill through her.
He flashed his deadly, pointed smile down at her and nodded. In one swift movement, he lifted her into his arms and strode toward the glass wall. She clawed at him to no avail. He deposited her facing the glass and facing away from him. She stared at the large foggy, shadow figure immediately behind the glass, but couldn't make out any defining features.
The tall man behind her grabbed her hips pulling her backward making her lose her balance, she braced herself against the glass wall trying to stay upright. It all happened so quickly. She heard the creature behind her shift slightly and then his erection pressed up against her slit. He slid in part way easily despite his girth. She was so wet and swollen.
The creature let out a loud hiss and groaned, then plunged in as far as he could fit. She grunted, her face twisting with a mixture of too many sensations and conflicted feelings. "No," she whimpered closing her eyes, but the alien behind her just began a steady pumping in and out while holding her hips with an iron grip. With wave after wave of pleasure spasming through her, her legs shuddered trying to maintain balance against the onslaught.
"So you see, honored guests," the announcer's voice cut in, "no poison to contend with. Isn't she a lovely specimen and so responsive. We do sell synthetic Shivean serum as well. The real thing seems to do the trick with this female, and our scientists have increased the potency."
Loud indistinct voices and foreign-sounding discussions became a roar behind the glass. Sierra, however, was now numbly starring into nothing, a few tears escaping to roll down her cheeks as the Shivean continued to plow her. It was like her body responded without her, constricting around the silky, hard cock as it plunged in and out. Her pussy hummed in pleasure. Her now generous tits bounced wildly, the nipples almost raw from arousal.
The Shivean kept grunting and groaning his approval until finally she felt him stiffen and hot cum squirted in her writhing body. She heard herself moan loudly, joining the rough groans of the alien man as if from very far away, and she collapsed onto the sand. She barely felt the creature lift her gently and set her back on the chrome bed.

Lord V had watched her through hooded eyes, she, lying on that ridiculous Shivean bed. Didn't they know humans were far removed from those snakes? Even in the dim light, her skin all tans and creamy pinks looked absolutely delectable; her beautiful breasts lifting and falling gently with each breath. He noticed her stir.
Ikand Blain, the annoying emcee to evenings like this, began the sales pitch, "Intergalactic lords and ladies . . ." Lord V ignored him, captivated by the little, wide-eyed figure attempting to sit up and survey its surroundings. The holding cell was now filled with bright light, and Lord V drew back his black hood to get a better look. His normally pale grey eyes grew flinty and glittering as the Shivean approached the little darling.

Smuggler Jarok had watched the whole scene from where he'd sneaked into a darkened balcony, above the rabble (lords and ladies my ass, he thought). Although, he had spied the disquieting figure of Lord V towards the front. While technically a true Lord, V was still one creepy bastard. Jarok grimaced at the thought of the man.
All the enthralled alien races were taking in the pretty human girl with rapt attention. Would they know she was pretty he wondered? Of course now that they had "modified her" she was more than pretty, she was a wet dream come to life. Every curve, every wiggle was perfection. But, not every race valued the same features. Hell, not even all humans valued the same features. Still a vulnerable human woman was a novelty. He sighed. She looked bewildered, no, she looked afraid, and he didn't blame her.
He felt sorry for her, but tried to shake it off. He'd never sold slave cargo before, let alone _human_ cargo, but she'd fallen so inexplicably into his lap when his stargalley sensor caught whiff of her pod floating blindly through the Madras sector. After his scanners had okayed the small, strange craft, and he'd managed to open the outer doors to the pod, he'd seen her pale, pretty face beneath the glass of the cryotube, and he'd let out a low whistle.
He'd had the ship's computer analyze the old human symbols. His second surprise was that she'd been drifting in cryosleep for some 100 hundred odd years.  
"You look good grandma," he'd said beneath his breath and shook his head. Then a thought occurred to him, 100 hundred years ago . . . she wouldn't have . . . Shevu be damned!

Lord V couldn't take much more of this. Not more than three feet directly in front of him the human female braced herself as the Shivean fucked her from behind. Her beautiful, large breasts swaying and bouncing. Her tight nipples like little rosy-brown pebbles.
He could still see her sweet pussy despite her bent angle, although, he wished he could better see the Shivean's cock impaling her. He wished he could alternate to the view from behind as the large cock slid beneath her soft ass cheeks. He shuddered. No, he could not take much more of this. His eyes glazed while watching and his mouth was dry. His dick strained and twitched against the folds of his black robes. A normally stern and stoic man, Lord V shook himself free of his unseemly gaping and swiftly left the audience chamber.
He took a moment to compose himself and to slow his breathing in the corridor before his brows knit and his mouth took on its characteristic sneer. It's been a long time since he'd wanted something this badly. He'd toyed with many creatures, yes, some for pleasure and some to serve his more morbid curiosities, but this was old lust for the unattainable human flesh fanned into a bonfire.
He thought of the human female General he'd verbally sparred with during the Lectide negotiations. She'd been attractive but so haughty and it would've been politically unwise as well as physically dangerous to pursue her. This little human was so defenseless and even more luscious. Sweet Shevu! He needed to calm down before he could trust himself to return.

When he'd set her back down on the silver bed, the alien man had whispered, "So nice, little pet. Mmm, so nice. I hope we play again." He'd stroked her hair and then he was gone. Sierra lay in what felt like suspended animation, refusing to move, think or feel. However, the sense of the warm, smooth metal beneath her and her soft breathing began to filter into her consciousness.
She began to feel other things, like a trickle down her thigh. Despite the monster's enormous cock, she wasn't too sore, only humming inside with sort of an afterglow. It was somehow worse than pain, that there'd been pleasure in it. Where WAS she? She squeezed her eyes shut and tried once again to be nothingness.

Jarok hadn't been able to help himself, but had watched, gape-mouthed as the Shivean scoundrel raped the girl. She was so unbearably sexy, but Jarok's fist had clenched and his blood boiled. He didn't normally come to auctions like this and he'd certainly never heard of a human girl being sold. Not that in his small circle of smugglers he would be likely to. He knew the moment he realized she'd be venom-free that he had a goldmine on his hands.
Even if he'd wanted to keep her, he'd have been killed without a thought if anyone else found out he had her. She was too valuable to keep around, but he hadn't been able to keep himself away from the auction just to see her one last time and to see her awaken. He should've known it would be terrible and filled with the sickening, rich scum that a sale like this would attract.
The announcer's voice boomed out once again shouting out numbers in different currencies. The voice shifted upwards in pitch as the bids rose higher. Then the announcer stopped and it seemed like he was whispering aside from the voice-enhancer.
"Ah, we have a bid for 500,000 Kronos," the voice pronounced smugly. A collective gasp escaped the crowd of aliens in the audience chamber.
Jarok whirled to survey the crowd of murmuring aliens. One figure stood stalk still looking through the glass at the naked human curled up on the silver rock while the other aliens tittered and whispered amongst themselves. Jarok felt a chill run through him.
"Going once, going twice . . . sold, to Lord V of Ingentos Sector." The black robed figure turned from the glass to look up at Jarok as if feeling the stare. The pale, boney face peered from under the black hood and smiled a tight, little smile. Jarok felt the blood drain from his face. What had he done?

Sierra noticed the lights dimming and heard a humming noise as a sleek, black wall slid down from above, covering the glass wall and shutting out the confusion of alien voices. Feeling less exposed, she uncurled herself and slowly sat up, one of her arms attempting to cross in front to cover what little she could. She shook slightly and held back a sob. Then her mouth resolved into a tight line.
Her mind was now clearer than when she'd first awakened and certainly clearer than when that goddamn lizard man had drugged her with his, with his . . . "Goddamn it!" she thought, "I don't understand what the hell's happening, but I've got to get out of here!"
She started as a rectangle door, smaller than before, lit up and opened on the far wall. She drew her legs protectively up and wrapped her arms around herself. "What? Is it a tiny alien's turn?" she thought bitterly.
In came a droid, it hovered above the sand and approached her slowly, issuing out a few beeps and whistles as it moved. It stopped a few feet in front of her and she eyed it warily.
A robot arm reached out to her and glimmering into existence, a glass of liquid was held in its grasp.
"Drink, slave 264." When she hesitated, it insisted, "hydrate or be sedated." She thought briefly of how nice it would be to simply black out and not have to deal with her current situation, but resisted the temptation. She gingerly reached for the glass and brought it to her lips. It wasn't quite water, but it was refreshing and had a slightly tart taste. She drank it down.
"You robot bastard" she thought vaguely as she dropped the cup sinking back down to her silver bed, her eyelids, and in fact her entire body, growing heavy with sleep.

Lord V had been watching her sleep for some time. She had been fully healed, bathed and adorned as he requested before being transported to his cruiser. After realizing he would get no work done in his quarters until he'd sampled his new toy, he sat beside her on the luxuriously cushioned bed. You'll like this bed much better than some lizard heat rock he thought idly.
Though she had yet to awaken from the sedative, he could wait no longer to touch her, in fact, why should he. He owned her. He untied and lifted the see- through paltaidian silk halter top and traced her lovely mounds.
His fingers softly explored her neck and collarbone then slid back down between her breasts, across her smooth stomach to her similarly see-through, silky, little tie skirt. He enjoyed untying and flipping the skirt aside. He moved his hands across that delicate, soft little pussy. He mused that he was being uncharacteristically gentle with his prize. As his fingers explored her slit and lips, he heard her sharp intake of breath.
"What? Who are you?" she asked, her green eyes wide and fearful as he turned towards her. Adorable. She wiggled a little bit, trying to get up. He placed a firm hand on her chest, holding her down. "What . . ." she began again, but he cut her off.
"I am Lord V. Titus Veer, first of my class, fourth of my name, Protectorate of Ingentos sector, but you may refer to me as 'master.'" His voice was soft, but with a sinister calm. His other hand reached up to stroke through her glossy hair. She winced. She tried to use her hands to pull his hand off her chest, but he simply grabbed both her wrists with his one while his other hand tightened its grip in her hair. "You will learn proper manners soon enough. For now, it is enough that you are awake and available to me."
Sierra began to struggle in earnest at that sentiment. The sharply featured man was attractive in a freakish way, his pale, angular features symmetrical, if mask-like. He gave the impression of being much older than his smooth skin betrayed. His pointed ears and strange silver-white hair startled her less than his almost human, intense pale gray eyes. He smiled his tight, quizzical smile at her as she struggled. Sierra had the distinct feeling of being an insect under a microscope.
"Enough" he said and released her. Then he barked "confine" as if placing an order to no one in particular and tasseled cords from the bed began to move seemingly of their own accord and slink around her ankles and wrists. Once she was secured. He admired the sight. Her "clothes" already pulled aside from her ripe body, her arms wrapped in cords above her head, legs splayed apart as corded ankles were pulled to opposite sides of the bed.  
"Now, my sweet slave, it's my turn to show you what you are for . . ."