Exhibited At The Party
by Collen102186

The ongoing struggles of a woman trying to explore herself.

Several weeks has passed since my first foray into exhibitionism, and I was sitting in my car nervously looking at the house where the next adventure would begin. Tonight, I was to be exposed and exhibited at a cocktail party. I gathered myself and trying to appear confident I opened the car door, got out, and walked up to the house.

I had been told to enter through the garage, it was dark inside and I waited for a few moments as my eyes adjusted. I took a deep breath and walked to the door. I placed my hand onto the handle and was about to open the door when I noticed the note taped onto the door. I instantly recognized Sir K's writing:

"Mine - Remove your clothes before entering the house. We will be in the kitchen, come and find us."

That simple message chilled me, I was already nervous enough at the thought of being displayed to strangers, but now having to walk into this house naked almost made me run away. For a few moments I stood there, trying to get my heart rate back to a more normal level and reign in my mind that was galloping away in 100 different directions. With a tremendous conscious effort, I regained some composure and started to slowly unbutton my shirt. In a few moments I was naked, and after folding my clothes and placing them on the small stool by the door, I opened it and walked inside.

The house was nicely decorated, however, I felt so strange walking into someone's home naked, having no clue who was there, and who I may bump into! I walked through the first room, my bare feet making no noise on the carpeted floor. As I approach the door, I hear a dull murmur of voices coming from a room further down the corridor, and with a deep breath to calm my nerves, I walk forward.

The voices get louder, and as I enter the room, I see that it has about five people in a kitchen area. Four men were sitting on stools, all dressed, and a woman in lingerie walking around with some drinks. I stare straight ahead and try to ignore the fact that I am naked and walk across to Sir K who is seated at the far end of the kitchen. He places his hand on the small of my back, which instantly makes me feel more at ease, and I hear his calm voice as he speaks.

"Hello little one," he smiles as his eyes run over me, "I see that you found my note". Before I can reply he places his hands on my shoulders and turns me to face into the room. "Gentlemen, this is colleen, who will be our exhibit this evening."

I blushed and looked down, I wanted to cover my body with my hands, hide from their eyes, but the warmth from Sir K's hand on my shoulders gave me the courage to stand there. I imagined their eyes boring into me, I feel my chest tightening and I struggle to breathe. That unending moment is shattered as the doorbell rings. One of the younger guys stands

"It sounds like our final guest has arrived," he says in a deep voice with a heavy Eastern European accent, "It may be finally time to get started." He walks out of the kitchen, and as I hear the door open, he greets a woman. Her voice is one I thought I recognized, and that realization fills me with dread, I bite my lip, wanting to run.

The Eastern European re-entered the room (I later found out his name was Eli) but my eyes were searching the doorway waiting to see if my worst fears were realized. Walking through the door was a tall and elegantly dressed woman about 10 years older than me. I looked into her steely blue eyes, and as she looked at me an evil smirk grew on her face, and I was staring into the eyes of Rachel, a former colleague with whom I had many professional disagreements. The evil smirk had by now grown into a full, cold smile. Her eyes slowly took in my naked body, she made it obvious that she was looking at me, judging me. She walked over to me slowly and stood in from of me.

"Well, hello Colleen, I didn't expect to see you like this," she said with a vicious gleam in her eye.

"Rachel," I said slightly breathlessly, "It has been..." and at that moment I felt her hand slip my left breast. It was not a hard slap, just enough to remind me of the dynamic here.

"I am now Miss Rachel to you." She reached up and pushed one finger into my mouth, sliding it back and forth. "Now open your legs, feet level with your shoulders."

I complied, and she pulled her finger from my mouth, and she looked into my eyes as she slowly ran that wet finger over my clit and to my pussy, circling several times before she slowly but deliberately slipped her finger into me. She turned and looked to Sir K.

"We are going to have so much fun here this evening. I cannot wait to get started."

The six of us walked from the kitchen into a sitting room, there were a series of chairs arranged around a deeply studded footstool. I was gently guided up onto the footstool, and for what felt like hours I was displayed. I was directed into different poses, many humiliating, all of them exposing my naked body. Every inch of me was inspected, looked at, commented on. My breasts, my pussy, my ass, my clit, all exposed in the most obvious way, and at all moments Miss Rachel instructing me, touching me. I was so embarrassed, so humiliated but at the same time so turned on. My excitement must have been obvious, as I felt Miss Rachel's finger run over my pussy and a cruel laugh ring out:

"Oh, my little slut Colleen, see how wet you are?"

She held her finger up, and after showing how wet her fingers were to everyone else, she rubbed them against my lips, and I could taste my salty juices. This seemed to free her, she moved me again, and now I was lying on my back with my knees spread wide. She used her knees to pin my arms back and she leaned forward. I heard a buzzing sound and yelped with shock as I felt her apply a vibrator to my clit. A moment later one finger slid inside my pussy, and I felt her fingers curl around and she effortlessly flung that internal spot and started to rub. I started to squirm, the stimulation and pleasure she was causing me driving me wild, but at the same time I was trying to fight against the orgasm that I could feel building. During my marriage, I often had cold, dead sex which was why I would often get drunk before it happened. This was the first time in my life however when I knew that someone was using my body and trying to make me cum out of hate. I fought against it, but it was too much for me to fight for long. I screamed out, in frustration and pleasure as I felt the orgasm pulse through my body. I lay there, my face flaming as the aftershocks rippled through me. Miss Rachel contemptuously slapped my pussy, just hard enough to make me flinch. She stood and removed her panties, before she straddled my face, and lowered herself until her bare pussy was pressed against my lips.

"You have become a little slut, now lick my pussy!"

I reluctantly started to suck and lick her, as she pulled my legs back towards my head and spread them wide, bending me so my wet pussy was visible to everyone. She ground herself against my mouth, and as she did that, I felt a cock slide into my pussy. I could not say a word, as my mouth was filled by her, all I could do was moan as I felt that cock slide in and out, fucking me as I was pinned down.

After a short time, Miss Rachel stood. If I had been embarrassed before, having my face exposed as five people watched me being fucked was even more humiliating. Miss Rachel took my left arm and leg, Sir K took my right, and that spreadeagled me as two hands took my face, and a second cock was introduced to my mouth, now both my pussy and mouth were filled and being used. The three younger guys now rotated and took it in turns, my mouth and pussy constantly filled by their cocks. I cannot recall how many orgasms I had, but I was lying spent, exhausted when the three of them came on my body. They covered my tits and stomach with their cum. Some splashed onto my face, into my hair as I tried to breathe, regain control of my body. Miss Rachel rubbed the cum into my breasts, before placing her cum covered fingers into my mouth and making me suck them clean.

"Come with me," a soft female voice said, and feeling her hand in mine I stood and followed in something of a daze. We went upstairs, and I heard the water running as I was helped into a shower. A few moments later and someone joined me, soft skin and hands washing away the cum, cleaning me. The water felt amazing, the tenderness of touch of my unknown companion however stimulated me in a different way. I pressed back, feeling her naked body behind me as she gently caressed me. It seemed like I was cumming again in only a few moments, somehow, I had the strength for another orgasm.

I dried myself, and as I did my companion introduced herself as Emily, Eli's wife. I dressed and walked down to my car without seeing anyone else and drove away. I got home, and went to bed exhausted, both physically and mentally. The next morning, I awoke to the realization that I had been fucked by more people in one night than I had in the previous 2 years! There were also some text messages, one from Sir K congratulating me on my performance; one from Emily saying how she had enjoyed the night and hoped to see me again. There was also one voicemail, it was from Miss Rachel:

"Colleen, it was so good to see that you have embraced your true self, accepted your place as a little slut for me to use and play with. I know that we will have a lot of fun."
