Sex in Public

Definitely HOT! This happened along time ago. My girlfriend and I would always go to watch movies at the theatre. Being that it was always cold, she always brought a sweater with her. She would just drape the sweater over her, not actually put it on and I would always put my arm around her shoulder and my hand over her breast and lightly caress her through the whole movie. Slow and methodical like a massage. Nothing ever happened and she seemed to enjoy the feeling of being caressed. 

Then, one day we went to see that movie with Sharon Stone where she spreads her legs while getting interogated. I had friends tell me it was hot and decided to take my girlfried to see it and unbeknownst to her had a devilish plan of action. 

That night, I told her to wear a nice blouse with a mini skirt. We arrived at the theatre, bought some popcorn, I asked for another empty popcorn container and we sat down. I made sure we sat down next to a couple. The lights dimmed, the movie started and as usual, I started to caress her breast. Shortly thereafter, I started my plan. We finished most of the popcorn and I threw the balance into the clean popcorn container. Only difference is that I had removed most of the bottom of the spare container without my girlfriend noticing a thing since she was intently watching the movie and placed it on her lap. I nibbled on her ear softly and whispered if she was enjoying the movie to spread her legs so I could feel her wetness. She objected and thought I was crazy as there was the couple to our right just one empty seat away. After some badgering she complied and said I don't know how your going to feel my pussy without the couple noticing a thing. I just said leave that to me, pull up your skirt a little way so that your bare ass is on the seat. With that, I reached into the popcorn container with the bottom missing and my fingers went wandering to her pussy slit through her panties. Her eyes widened in shock as I hit her clit and she let out a soft scream. The couple next to us looked at her and she said sorry, thought the person in the movie was getting shot. I continued to finger her clit and pussy lips, her knees now closed together tightly and her inner thighs quivering as she was nearing orgasm. She grabbed my hand that was in the popcorn containger tightly ready to explode, but ashamed to do so for fear of getting caught. Periodically I'd frig her and stop, frig her and stop and occasionally took a piece of popcorn out of the container to eat so the couple would not get suspicious. Being polyorgasmic, she was having a hard time trying not to scream and squirm. I kept her on edge throughout the whole movie. 

Needless to say, we ended up fucking in the back of my truck in the semi-deserted parking lot and she was never hotter. Why did I love to torment her so much? Because, to everyone besides myself, she was this prim and proper woman, very naive, really girl next door type looks who was in no way close to being a slut or whore. But with my tuttelage, I explored the devilish side of her that everyone would be shocked to have learned about had they ever found out.