Story: The Session

To anyone observing them in the restaurant, it appeared as an ordinary business lunch.  A smartly dressed brunette woman with a notebook, and a young man with a briefcase.  The conversation taking place, however, was anything but business in the usual sense.

The slender brunette was telling the young man about Miss Katherine's sessions.

"Miss Katherine was a professional dominatrix for a few years.  She became tired of the boots and leather scene, and the constant flow of clients.  She is an independent woman now, and does this primarily for her own pleasure.  That's why she asked me to assist her and to carefully screen potential clients."

He listened attentively, and she continued.

"You tell me that you can take a good spanking.  She will extend your limits, past the point that you would have thought possible.  Also, you will experience several kinks.  Naturally, if you are seeing anyone, you may want to reconsider having the session.  You'll be shaved from the waist down, and you'll likely bear some marks from the discipline for several days."

Tasha paused for a moment for effect.

"Allow six or more hours for the session.  The enemas alone will require a couple of hours.  Also, I strongly advise you to avoid sexual release for at least three days prior to the session, and  longer if possible.  This is for your pleasure.  Miss Katherine will get you to ejaculate (giggle) more than twice during the session in any case, and it can be unpleasant if you, shall we say, are drained before you come in."

He looked at Tasha's face and saw the beginning of a smile.

"Miss Katherine will no doubt require you to orally service her womanhood several times during the session; and perhaps mine too."

He felt the unmistakable sensation of a hardening erection as he listened to Tasha.

The pretty brunette opened her notebook and looked up at him.  "Would you like to make an appointment, or do you want to get back to me later?"

He, of course, made the appointment for the earliest opportunity, although he displayed some nervousness.  Tasha slipped one foot out from her pumps and, under the table, placed it in his crotch.

"I thought so," she giggled as he squirmed.  "Remember to leave him alone until the session!"

He had trouble sleeping the next few nights.  In addition to the excitement of the forthcoming session, he wondered if he committed to more than he could handle.  Tasha did not elaborate on all the kinks that he would experience at the hands of Miss Katherine.  Also, there was the matter of his almost constantly erect cock wanting attention, especially since the anxiety of the upcoming session contributed to his reservoir of stress.  It took a firm will to resist spurting his tension into the bedsheets.

His instructions were to show up at a certain residence at 3 PM on the day of the appointment.  He made sure he was not late.  His heart raced as he walked to the door; his hands almost visibly trembled as he rang the bell.

Tasha opened the door a moment later.  She wore a casual white blouse, a short frilly skirt, white socks,and high heels.  Her outfit was obviously meant to arouse, and it did.  Her bare legs accentuated the sexy appearance of her somewhat maid-like attire. Her eyes gleamed with anticipation, and she told him to come in.  He handed her an envelope.

She led him to the center of the living room, and said, "Strip.  Everything off. Right away."

He looked at her and was about to ask if she meant to strip where he was, when she commanded, "Come on. Clothes off!"

He anxiously fumbled with undressing.  When he had everything off, Tasha told him to stay there.  She picked up his clothes and disappeared to another room for a few moments.  When she returned, she stood calmly to one side of the naked male and waited.

A moment later, Miss Katherine entered.  She was rather tall, mid thirties, with shoulder length blonde hair.  She wore a casual sheath dress and red pumps.

The naked male regarded her for a few seconds before she spoke.  The thing he first noticed about he was that she appeared solid.  Mentally and physically solid.  Without being muscular, she had a visible strength.  She would have her way, whatever it was.

Miss Katherine smiled.  "So this is my new charge today," she mused, and walked slowly around him.  "Bend over, touch your toes."

He did the best he could, and had to bend his knees slightly to reach.  Miss Katherine spread his nether cheeks with one hand.  In this vulnerable state, he heard her instructions.

"This will be a long session today.  You will no doubt have some new experiences.  We will both get much pleasure from today.  You are to address me as ma'am or Miss Katherine.  You can address Tasha as ma'am or simply Tasha.  Follow all my instructions with your very best efforts.  If you simply refuse to do what I tell you, the session is over at that point and I will not see you again."

She released her hold on his cheeks.

"Tasha will shave you from the waist down.  Follow her."

Tasha led the way to another room which was furnished similar to an examination room at a clinic.

"Lie down on the table here, face up," Tasha sang.

She placed hot towels on his legs and pubic area, and prepared the lather.  Miss Katherine seated herself in a strategic spot where she could watch the proceedings.  The erotic tension in the air caused an involuntary erection, and the male helplessly regarded the scene caused by his erection pushing up on the hot towel.

Tasha unveiled his legs from the knees down and applied hot lather.  With an experienced air, she produced a razor and expertly shaved the front and sides of each leg smooth.  She did likewise between his knees and waist.

She giggled when she removed the hot towel from the male's pubic area.  She first shaved his pubic hair with electric clippers, then applied a thick coat of lather to his cock, ball sac, and pubic hair.  She carefully shaved his ball sac and pubic hair, leaving the lather on his cock for erotic effect.

"Turn over now," she instructed.  She applied hot towels on him from the waist down, and performed a similar shaving ritual, working from the ankles upward.  After shaving most of the male's bottom, she told him to spread his cheeks and keep them that way while she shaved 'down there'.  Afterward, she wiped him clean with warm towels.

Miss Katherine kicked off her shoes, revealing firm and attractive bare legs.  "Tasha, please bring me the wooden hairbrush," she instructed.

Tasha happily handed the sturdy hairbrush to Miss Katherine.  No one had to guess what was next on the agenda.  Miss Katherine brought her knees together, raised her dress to expose the smoothness of her thighs, spread her feet enough to make her lap level, and said, "Get across my lap now.  Let's see how you take a spanking."

Although he felt a twinge of arousal from the skin to skin contact with his lovely Mistress, he knew that what he was about to feel would take over.

"Keep your toes touching the floor at all times, and try not to squirm," Miss Katherine directed.  "I'm going to give you twenty five swats in sets of five.  If you squirm too much, you'll get five extra each time."

This was a new twist for him. He had never been directed to keep still.  He felt the paddle lightly touch his freshly shaved tail end, and then with a sudden sharp smack, The firm blonde mistress began.

"One!"

Smack!

"Two!"

Smack!

"Three!"

Smack!

"Four"

Smack!  "Ow!"

"Five!"

His bottom felt hot.  The smacks were harder than he expected,and he fervently hoped he could comply with his mistress' wishes.  He had his doubts, though.  After a pause of several seconds his paddling resumed.

Smack! "Oh!"

"Six!"

Smack! "Ahh!"

"Seven!"

Smack! "OWW!"

"Eight!"

Smack! "OW-Owww!"

"Nine!"

Smack!  "Aaaah!"

"Ten!"

He breathed a sigh of relief for having made it through the second set of swats, and braced himself for the next set.

Smack! "Aaah!"

"Eleven!"

Smack!  "No!"

"Twelve!"

Smack!  "Oh-God!"

"Thirteen!"

Smack!  "Aaahh!"

"Fourteen! You kicked! That's five extra."

Smack!

"Fifteen!"

Miss Katherine giggled sexily when she paused.  Then she resumed the paddling.

The male squirmed and kicked once more during his next two sets, earning him ten extra swats.

"You didn't do too badly, although I'd like you to work on keeping still.  You'll have more chances to practice that today.  Here's your ten extra.  The same rules apply.  You'll get five more every time you kick or squirm."

Even though he applied all is resolve to keeping still, he could not help squirming amid his shouts as Miss Katherine smacked the paddle hard against his reddened bottom.  He managed to keep still for his final five swats.  He received forty swats in all.

Miss Katherine had him kneel before her.  She spread her knees.

"Well, Tasha, this one's a seeper."  She pointed to a few clear beads of pre-cum on her leg from her charge's cock.  They had leaked out during his spanking.

"What I want you to do now," she intructed the male, "is clean up your seepage with your mouth.  Put your hands behind your back, and come clean it.  Every bit of it."

With some initial reluctance, he applied himself to his task.  He admitted to himself that licking on Miss Katherine's attractive thighs made up for his disdain at cleaning up his own pre-cum.

"Okay.  Time for your enemas.  Tasha, use the retention dildo nozzle for his first one."

"Get up on the table here," Tasha instructed.  "Good.  Now, on your hands and knees, and put your head all the way down.  That's it.  Now put your hands behind your back.  Yes, like that.  You're going to take your enema in that position.  Stay that way while I fix it."

She retrieved a curved dildo-shaped nozzle with an inflatable retention cuff, a two-quart closed-top enema bag, a bar of soap, and prepared the solution.  Miss Katherine moved her chair so that she could observe the male's face.

While he heard the sounds of Tasha preparing the solution, he saw Miss Katherine remove her panties and casually spread her legs.  Tasha completely filled the two-quart bag and placed it on a stainless steel stand.  As she lubricated the nozzle, she said, "I'm giving you two quarts of soapsuds enema.  You'll retain it for at least five minutes.  I want you to stay in that position the whole time until I let you up to get rid of it.  When you feel cramping you may rock back and forth and from side to side, but keep your forehead touching the table at all times."

He felt the large nozzle slowly invade him.  When Tasha pumped the retention cuff a few times, it pressed against the confines of his insides, and he felt full.

"Uhhhhh!" he moaned.

"Here it comes now," Tasha sang.

He heard a click, and immediately felt the warm sudsy enema begin to flow into him.  A few seconds, and he felt the solution push hard.

"Ohhh!  Ahhh!  Unnh!"

During the three or so minutes that the enema took to get completely inside, he twisted, writhed, and moaned; he pleaded for relief; he struggled with it.  

As Miss Katherine observed the erotic sight of the male struggling to accept the enema, her hand casually went to her naked womanhood and she slowly stimulated herself.  Her long whispered moans of "Ahhhh" were almost continuous.  As the male panted and struggled to retain the soapy solution, the woman's arousal increased.  Toward the end of the five minute retention period, he desperately pleaded for his enema to be over.  Miss Katherine freely voiced her orgasm, and then she told Tasha to let him get rid of it when the five minutes were up.

After deflating the retention cuff and extracting the nozzle, Tasha told the desperate male to take his time getting rid of it, and to return when he was sure it was all gone.

Tasha and Miss Katherine discussed the remainder of the session and made their devious plans while they waited.  After nearly thirty minutes, he returned. Tasha had him get up on the table again and prepared a three quart enema which was to be administered through a colon tube.  She frequently teased his cock while snaking the long tube inside.  It was a little easier for him to take the enema this time, although the retention period was still a struggle.  When the requisite five minutes were over, Tasha withdrew the colon tube and had him get rid of the soution.

"A lot of it is far up inside you, so it will take some time.  Don't be in a hurry.  I'll have a three quart regular enema for you when you get back, so make sure you get rid of every bit of what you have now."

Thirty five minutes later, he came back in.  Miss Katherine told him that she would administer his third enema, and had him lie on his back.  She arranged the stirrups of the gynecological table and had him put his feet in them.  With him in that humiliating position, she inserted the dildo retention nozzle.  Instead of a steady flow until all the enema was inside, she frequently stopped the flow and teased his cock with oiled hands.  She had him retain the rinsing enema for ten minutes, during which she stimulated him to distraction.

The two women took delight in watching him when he got rid of his third enema and when he took a shower afterward.  They wanted to be sure that he did not obtain sexual relief by his own hand.  The male's nuts constantly ached from arousal, and he wondered about the truth of Tasha's statement several days ago that Miss Katherine would have him ejaculate at least twice.  But then the session was far from over.

Miss Katherine had him bend over at the waist while she inserted a medium butt plug.  It had a wide ridge near its base which allowed easy retention. Then she had him step into a waist harness.  It had wide binding straps which fit around the upper part of each leg, and was connected to another wide strap which circled his waist.  After placing wrist cuffs and ankle cuffs on him, she lowered the examination table to its lowest position, about two feet from the floor.

"Face down on the table now," Katherine instructed.  When he was on the table, the women fastened the end of a pulley to the strong eyelets in several places on his harness.  Tasha cranked the ratchet and lifted the male's midsection about eighteen inches.  Then they spread his legs and arms and attached the cuffs to the sides of the table.

Katherine then walked in front of the male and donned a strap-on harness which had dildo-like attachments for her own entrances.  She lubricated the attachments and inserted them inside her, and cinched the harness.  Then she retrieved a flexible anal probe for the business end of the harness, and fixed it in place.

The two women then went behind the bound male.  Tasha removed the butt plug from him, and generously lubricated his opening.  He did not have to guess what was about to happen.  Miss Katherine amply lubricated her strap-on probe.  Then, while standing, she grasped the male's hips and nestled the tip of the probe against his nether portal.

"I'm going to give you a good fucking," she giggled.  "Okay now...  in we go."  She steadily drove the probe until her hips made contact with his backside.

"Uhhhhhhh!" he moaned at the intrusion.

She slowly withdrew until it was almost all the way out.  Then she went in all the way again.  Tasha looked on as Katherine continued to pump.  Katherine especially enjoyed when the male squirmed and exclaimed with each inward thrust, and over the next several minutes of pumping she climaxed twice.  She had used him well by the time she stopped.

The women removed his wrist and ankle cuffs and got him out of the harness.  Tasha cuffed his hands behind his back, and had him stand with legs spread wide.  She produced a leather ball harness which she attached around the base of his ball sac.  It had several tethers hanging from it, and she attached a one pound weight to it.

She and Katherine each got a large glass of cold water and seated themselves in front of where he stood.  Tasha slipped her panties off and spread her legs.  The women slowly sipped the refreshing water.

"It feels good without panties," Tasha cooed while looking at him with excited eyes.  "I enjoyed watching Miss Katerine fuck you silly!  Maybe she'll let me have a go at that ass of yours.  If she does, I'll fuck you until I can't go on.  That would feel so good."

He grimaced from the effect of the weight pulling at his nuts.  Tasha gave him a come-hither signal with her finger, and he approached her.  With every step he took, the weight swung like a pendulum.  She lifted the weight a couple inches, taking the strain off his nuts.

"I read somewhere that guys who practice with weights like this have more intense orgasms.  Just a little tidbit of information for you."  Then she released the weight and stroked his cock with one hand.  He immediately began to seep droplets of pre-cum.  Tasha accumulated several of those droplets on her fingers and put them in his mouth.

"Suck it, and swallow," she commanded.  "Everything that comes out of that cock is going into your mouth!  Now won't that make for an interesting session."

His entire midsection practically cried out from arousal.  He had abstained for several days, and then today he had been teased and touched by two attractive women.  His mind reeled with Tasha's latest statement in light of her earlier pronouncements that he would ejaculate no less than twice during the session.

She removed the one pound weight and let him recover for a few moments.  Then she selected a different weight.  As she put it on him, she said, "This is a two pound weight.  I'm going to leave it on you for two minutes."

The women giggled while he struggled to keep his composure with the extra weight pulling on his ball sac.  He sighed with relief after the two minutes when Tasha removed the weight.  She left the ball harness on him and told him to kneel in front of Miss Katherine.

"You can have some of my cold water," Katherine said, and grasped her glass.  "Get your head way back, and open your mouth."  Then she took a large sip of water in her mouth, stood up and leaned over him, and let the water flow from her mouth into his.  He awkwardly gulped it down, and Katherine gave him two more mouthfuls.

Tasha, meanwhile, retrieved a leather strap whose purpose was obvious.  She handed it to Miss Katherine, who told the male, "You want to cum, don't you? Well, you've got to earn your satisfaction.  I want you to bend over and reach across the examination table.  Tasha will attach the one pound weight to your balls, and then I'll strap you.  Get up and go over there now."

"Yes ma'am," he shakily replied, and assumed the bent over position.  He reached across the examination table and, with considerable anxiety, awaited the next step.

He felt Tasha's slender fingers tickle and caress his cock and testicles for a few moments, and then felt the weight pull on his ball sac.

Miss Katherine spoke next.  "I want you completely still from the waist down.  No kicking, wiggling, turning, or twisting.  When you can take ten strokes in a row without moving, I'll let you up and Tasha will relieve some of your pressure."

The first swipe struck like a lightning bolt.  The second swipe followed a couple of seconds later.  He couldn't believe a leather strap could be so intense.  Miss Katherine's expert follow-through assured that each stroke was delivered effectively.

Snap!  "AHHH!"  Snap!  "OWW!"  Snap! "OH-AHH!"

"You kicked," Katherine stated.  "We start over from one.  Here it comes!"

He took seven strokes without undue movement before he twisted.

During the following set, he exclaimed raucously at each swipe, and could not keep from bucking after five strokes.

"You can do it," Tasha encouraged.

He gathered all his resolve, and although he freely shouted each time the leather struck, he took the next ten swipes to Miss Katherine's satisfaction.

Tasha removed the weight and its harness from his ball sac and had him lie face up on the examination table.  She removed her top, revealing beautiful and rather small breasts. Then she removed her skirt and panties, keeping only her socks and pumps.  With an excited smile, she teased his erection until it began to seep and he moaned in frustration.  With one hand grasping his throbbing cock, she thrust her breasts in his face and told him to lick her nipples.  She closed her eyes and moaned pleasurably as his tongue glided and circled each nipple.  After a few moments of this, she then brought an unshaven armpit to his mouth and told him to lick it good.

"Ohh, yes!" she exclaimed.  "That's one of my erogenous zones!  I love the feel of your tongue in there."

To him, it was unconventional, and more kinky than he imagined.  He visualized his tongue on her pussy as he kissed and licked the fine hair of Tasha's armpit.

After several minutes, Tasha said, "Okay, enough of that.  That felt good!"  She put two fingers in her creamy pussy and used her own cream to lubricate the male's engorged member.  Then, with an excited smile, she slowly pumped his erection with long, full strokes.  She looked directly in his eyes as she pumped.  She knew he was getting close to spurting.  More strokes, and a few whispered "Ahhh - Ahhh" sounds from Tasha pushed him across the line.

Just as he exclaimed "Aaaaaugh!" and his member began to pulse in her hand, Tasha cradled it in her armpit -- the one which the male had kissed and licked.  The aroused cock pulsed and spurted, releasing its pent-up goo.

When he had finished spurting, Miss Katherine held his head still.  Tasha looked at him with a wide, excited smile and cooed, "Open your mouth now!"

He knew what was about to happen.  Since Miss Katherine held his head steady, he knew it was going to happen whether or not he resisted.  He did admit to himself that what Tasha did was much better than a regular hand job.  After a brief pause, he complied and opened his mouth.  Tasha quickly moved so that her cum-soaked armpit was over his mouth.

"Okay, lick it all up!  I want it clean!"

Except for the thought that he was ingesting his own cum, Tasha's arousal from his actions almost made it worth doing.  She moaned openly while he licked and kissed.

After that, he was bound with his hands above his head for thirty minutes while he experienced several different weights hanging from his ball sac, all the while retaining a large butt plug. Tasha did the honors with the weights while Katherine observed.  Both women were greatly aroused by the male's vocal reaction, especially after the weights had been pulling on him for more than a few moments.  

After the weights were removed, he was instructed to kneel before each woman for some mouth-to-pussy time until each woman had climaxed twice.  He loved the scent and the taste of each woman's pussy, and he tenderly, almost reverently, applied himself to his task.  His arousal (and erection) had returned by the time he finished with Miss Katherine's pussy.  He wondered what was in store for him.

Tasha released his bonds and told him to lie on the table, face up, with his bottom at the table's edge.  She made sure he saw her fasten a strap-on harness and fix the probe in place.  She lubricated him and the probe, grasped his ankles and held them apart, high in the air, and entered him.  She pumped, slowly at first.  Miss Katherine, meanwhile, squirted oil on his cock and slowly stroked it while Tasha pumped in and out.

He saw Tasha's face and excited eyes as she fucked him; he saw Katherine's sexy smile as she stroked his member with oiled hands.  As Tasha pumped faster, Katherine stroked more slowly so that he would not ejaculate.

Tasha, true to her word, pumped until her hips ached.  The women took delight in his groans and exclamations from the use of his back portal.

Then, her wide eyes showing her arousal, she removed her strap-on probe and harness. Miss Katherine placed a device on the male's mouth which kept it open. Then Tasha put the male's cock in her mouth and gently sucked while stroking it with her lips and tongue. The sight of Tasha's dark hair and wide eyes brought him off quickly and his cock pulsed in her mouth as he exclaimed with open-mouthed moans.

When he stopped ejaculating, Miss Katherine held the male's head while Tasha puckered her lips and put her mouth on his. She opened her mouth and let his semen flow into his forced-open mouth.

"Someday you'll do this willingly," Miss Katherine stated, "and you won't heve to be forced like this. Now lick her mouth and lips."

Tasha parted her lips and puckered them, and the male tongued her as ordered. He licked off the traces of semen that had erupted in her mouth. when he had gotten every drop, Tasha smiled and withdrew. Miss Katherine removed the device from the male's mouth and they took a break.

While he watched, the ladies had a liesurely glass of iced tea. Then Tasha had him kneel before her with his mouth open and his head back, while she gave him several gulps of tea from her mouth. Then he orally serviced each of them while they sat spread-legged and talked about how hot they got when Tasha gave back what she collected from his blowjob.

Over the following thirty minutes, the spread-legged women had him stand before them with his feet apart and his hands behind him while they teased his cock and ball sac with their slender fingers. Their excited smiles and wide eyes added to his arousal and brought his erection to a raging, seeping state. The women took delight in his desperate, aroused breathing and soft moans.

Miss Katherine spoke.

"You want to cum, don't you?"

He nodded. "Oh, yes ma'am!"

"Your next ejaculation, if I permit it, will be the most satisfying and pleasurable yet, but you've got to earn it.  Tasha, please bring the straight-handled rattan cane."

Miss Katherine stood up when Tasha handed her the instrument.

"Turn around and bend over at the waist," she commanded.

Still aroused and sporting a firm erection, he bent over.

"Thrust your bottom out there!"

He arched his back.

"Twenty strokes. Three extra every time you get out of position."

Miss Katherine whipped the rattan instrument across the center of the male's bottom, and counted, "One!"

"AAAAAH! OHHHH!"

He kept in position, although he wiggled his bottom.

The second stroke landed on the lower part of his bared bottom.

"OWWW! AAAAAH!"

He twisted.

Miss Katherine kept whipping, and placed the strokes randomly on the male's bottom. He cried out, yelled, and furiously writhed during the entire episode. He bolted upright twice, earning six extra strokes.

Miss Katherine paused a moment, and then said, "You've earned six extra. If you stay in position for them, you'll be treated to an exquisite ejaculation. If not, the session will be over and I'll send you home. Present your bottom. Stick it out there!"

With fresh resolve, he arched his back and took his position for the penalty strokes. Miss Katherine gave them slowly, and waited for the full effect of each one to be felt before imparting the next one. They were also quite whippy, and the male yelled several times after each one. He managed to hold his position, though he did wiggle and twist.

Both women then removed all the rest of their clothing, and had the male stand before them while they teased his cock to desperation for a good twenty minutes.

"Go to the examination table and lie face up," Miss Katherine commanded. When he had done so, Tasha bound his wrists to the sides of the table, and teased his cock for several minutes while he twisted and moaned.

Tasha then secured binding straps around the male's waist and above his knees.

Miss Katherine climbed on the table and straddled his midsection. She wrapped her hand around the male's cock and slowly inserted it in her pussy. When she accepted him all the way in, he gave an aroused sigh.

She lay forward on top of him, propped up on her elbows, smiling. With her legs alongside his, she slowly pumped. The male, with the binding straps, could not thrust his hips, though he desperately wanted to.

The only sounds in the room were of Miss Katherine's aroused breathing, and the male's choked moans and an occasional deep sigh. Miss Katherine took care to pump slowly enough to avoid bringing him to ejaculation.

Over an extended time, the male experienced the delights of Miss Katherine's pussy, along with the agonized frustration of not being allowed to thrust and pump. Miss Katherine began to give voice to her arousal. She whimpered sexily, and pumped even more slowly.

"Oh God," the male moaned. "Oh, Miss Katherine!"

Katherine began to pinch the male's nipples. 

The sensation, combined with the pleasure of being inside Miss katherine's pussy, was at the same time arousing and painful. He felt a couple of preliminary pulses of pre-cum squirt from his cock.

"Tasha -- the straps," Miss katherine directed.

Tasha removed the binding straps from the male's waist, leaving the others in place. Miss Katherine stopped pumping her hips, and pinched the male's nipples considerably harder.

He reacted to the intense wracking pain the only way he could. He shouted his distress and thrust his hips wildly. The harder she pinched, the more frenzied was his pumping. The pain from the nipple pinching also delayed his ejaculation.

"AAAH! NO! IT HURTS! PLEASE! NOT SO HARD! AAAAAHHHH! PLEASE!"

Miss Katheine moaned sexily as she kept pinching his nipples. She enjoyed the frenzied ride he gave her, and was not about to let up on the pressure.

More shouting and pumping from the male, and then his orgasm took hold. He violently tossed his head from side to side and continued to pump wildly.

"OH GOD, YES! OHHH! AAAH! YES! OHHH!"

He recklessly spurted, again and again, while freely voicing his wracking pleasure. Only when his orgasm susbsided did Miss Katherine release his nipples.

"Ohhhh! Ahhhhh!" he exclaimed in the afterglow of his exquisite pleasure.

Miss Katherine smiled. She stayed on top of him for a few moments, and pumped her hips slowly to extract every drop he had to give.

As she pulled out, Tasha grasped the male's head and held it still. His wrenching ejaculation left him too drained to resist, and he opened his mouth as Miss Katherine's pussy came closer.

He accepted the warm and sweaty pussy against his mouth. Miss Katheine contracted her inner muscles and ejected pulse after pulse of their combined juices. He sucked on her pussy and swallowed a couple of times. When he had sucked her clean, she surrendered to an intense orgasm.

The ladies released his binding straps and had him kiss their feet for several minutes as they sat naked and spread-legged. Then they all got dressed. The male, before leaving, mentioned that the session was grueling but ultimately pleasurable, and hoped that he could come back.

Tasha's smile answered his question.

-----
This story is copyright 2005, 2006, 2007, 2009 by (rick_oh at onolanke (dot) router5.com).  All rights reserved.  No reposting without permission.  Please see my other stories at http://www.asstr.org/~rick_oh/
