Midday Surprise by NotVeryNice

Disclaimer:  Any coincidences contained in this story are just that, coincidences.  Anyone can share my story as long as you don't charge people money for it and keep the entire text, to include header and footer information, together without changing it.

Author's notes:  My girlfriend asked me to write her a story about me and a buddy catching her masturbating on the couch.   I had to send it to her through text because she lives pretty far away from me.  Her WIFI was down and she couldn't get on Tumblr to watch porn and play with herself.  I'm going to keep it as unchanged as I can because this was all sent through text.  I'll just fix typos and wrong swype texts.  She seemed to like my dirty mind, so I thought I'd share it.



You thought you were home alone, sitting on the couch and were in a naughty mood, so you put on a nice sexy video to watch.  You normally left this to the night so you could go to sleep right afterwards so you decided 'What the hell...' and started to play with your clit.

The video was starting to get heavy and you saw that the guy on screen is really sexy and that just turned you on more.  There was a girl in the room and she was kissing him.  He pinned her to the wall and reached over onto the counter to grab an extension cord that was sitting up there.  He lifted her arms above her head and tied them together and then to the knobs on the cupboard there.  

That excited you even more and moaned to yourself saying "Fuck, yeah!"  Moaning louder.  You didn't see me in the hallway behind you, watching you.  I walked in without you noticing and stepped up to the couch behind you.  I reached over your shoulders and wrapped my hands under your tits and squeezed and kneaded them. 

You weren't expecting that and jumped, but then moaned saying "Mmmmmm..." and kept strumming your clit while you watched the guy on screen get a chair and put it in front of the girl.  He stood up on it and roughly grabbed her head and forced it down on his dick.

I bit your neck and asked "You like what you're seeing?"

You let out a "Yesssss..." and pushed 2 fingers of your other hand in your pussy.

I walked around the couch and got down between your legs and shoved my tongue deep into your pussy.

I had forgotten that I asked a buddy to come hang out, because you were a bad little girl and distracted me with your sexy pussy, and right about then he walked in through the front door behind me.  He saw us, but since you had your legs covering my ears, I didn't hear him.

You gave him a nice 'come fuck me' look and he smiled back at you, then tapped me on the shoulder.  I looked up and saw him looking almost pleading at me.  I leaned back enough to tell him "Feed this horny little minx your cock.  She's a bad girl!" and leaned forward and bit your clit.

He took his dick out and presented it to you, then rubbed it on your lips.  You reached out and took it carefully and began to lick his dickhead.  I looked up and saw that he was letting you just softly lick it, so I reached out and pushed his ass into your face and made you gag a little, but then you took all of him in your mouth.

I leaned back again and said "Quit being a pussy, she likes it rough.  Fuck her face, already."  I leaned back down and bit your inner thigh and you came because right then my left hand had 2 fingers in your ass and my right hand had 3 fingers in your pussy, playing with your g-spot.  On top of that, he grabbed your head and started to roughly jam his dick into your mouth.

You squirted all over my chin and shoulders.  I wasn't expecting that so I bit your clit in retaliation.  You squirted again and then I decided you needed more punishment.  I leaned back and told him to keep you busy, then stood up and left the room, towards the main bedroom.

He made you stand up and leaned you against the arms of the couch.  He smacked your ass hard on each cheek a few times, then took his dick and shoved it into your wet pussy in one thrust.

I walked back into the room just as you shrieked out a "YES!!!"  He began to fuck you really hard and fast.  I took the box under my arms and set it on the coffee table and went to the side wall to press one of the switches.  2 conspicuously hidden chains came down from the ceiling and I connected a hand cuff to each.  Then, I took your hands and pulled you to me.  I looked at my buddy and told him "Don't stop fucking her."

I cuffed you to the chains and pressed the button to lift the chains higher.  Your arms rose and you turned to face me.  I noticed that he slipped out of your pussy.  I told him "I told you not to stop fucking her!"

He said "There's no way he can fuck her pussy with her facing that way."

So I responded "Then fuck her somewhere else!" and got in front of you and took your legs and wrapped them around me waist.  I buried my dick into your pussy in one quick lunge and you came all over my legs.

He walked up behind you and put his dick up to your asshole and started to slowly push.  He was going too slow so I grabbed his shoulders and humped you hard, shoving your asshole down on his dick.  He went in with one stroke and you squirted all over me again.  I looked at you and said "I didn't give you permission for that..." so I bit your neck and pinched your nipples hard.  

My buddy was in his own world fucking your incredibly tight sexy asshole, not worrying about what we were doing.  You came again when I bit you and started to fuck your pussy again.

By then, I knew it wasn't going to take long to finish and I heard a grunt from my buddy.  I felt his cock inside you throbbing and I knew he was cumming inside your asshole.  I could see the utter pleasure on your face and I just lost it.  I came big inside your pussy and clutched you to me.

You felt me cumming inside you and came again all over my legs.  He pulled out of your asshole and sat on the couch.  I was still holding you with your arms still cuffed to the chains.  His cum was dripping out of your asshole and mine was seeping out of your pussy.  

He hit the switch on the wall and lowered the chains and I uncuffed you.  I took you to the couch and sat you in the middle and sat next to you.  I was absently playing with your throbbing clit while he was playing with your tits.  

He spoke to me while looking at your beautiful tits.  "If I knew this was what you meant by hanging out, I'd have brought my girlfriend along.  She's had a crush on this little number for a while now.  She keeps telling me how much she wants to eat her out."

I told him "Bring her next time.  Then Maybe I can fuck your girlfriend while she eats my girlfriend out and she can keep your cock happy with her mouth."

He laughed and you leaned over and kissed me, then him and fell asleep.

The End?



Constructive criticism is always welcome.  notveryniceoneeither@yahoo.com




