Dares
by yellowjacket66

DARES, THE FIRST DARE – AT THE BEACH

Wife is dared to take a walk, naked.

This is another story of my husband daring me to do things. There had always been some sort of reward, but this time it was just an unconditional dare with no reward.

"I dare you to walk down the beach, naked." Sean said. He just wanted to see if I would do it.

We were at a clothing optional beach on the lake near our home. We had gone there a few times and I had sunbathed topless back in the dunes while my husband kept watch. We were there on a summer weekend and Sean had convinced me to get topless and even to lay on my back with my tits exposed to the sun and anyone who walked nearby. Friends of ours, Carol and her husband Jeff, were with us. They are a mixed-race couple; he is black and she is a blue-eyed blonde. She is a wild one. She has no problem being naked on the beach and has danced naked at some of our parties.

The people at the beach are necessarily liberal with some voyeurs included. Some guys come to gawk at the naked women so the informal rule is that no unaccompanied men are acceptable. Any such men are harassed off the beach, so the convention is adhered to.

Sean was putting lotion on me, rubbing my nipples and getting me hotter than from just the sun. When he pulled on my bikini bottom, I reached down to stop him, but then relented. He pulled the bottom off and I was nude. He made sure to put lotion on my pussy, an excessive amount to be truthful. It felt good laying there like that. I like being naked and being naked in public. Our dares had involved risky situations where I had to be very clever to avoid being seen. On other occasions, I was just naked for other people to see. Whatever the situation, Sean and I loved each other and would enjoy extremely passionate love-making for days afterward. It was bright daylight and we were on a public beach where many people could see me. I was worried about being seen by some of my work colleagues or my students; I'm a high school English teacher.

After lying there for a while, Sean dared me to walk down the beach. He knew that it was likely that people who knew me would see me. I didn't want that to happen, of course, but somewhere inside of me, the thought thrilled me. I knew there were rumors about me being a 'loose woman'; there was only gossip to support it. If I was seen naked in public, it would remove any doubt.

Carol heard the dare and said, "I'll go with you honey. I've walked down the beach many times. It's a hoot having all those guys checking you out."

"What if I see someone I know?" I queried.

"So what? Let them look. They have to explain why they were at the nude beach in the first place."

My husband reminded me, "You've never refused a dare."

I said, "What do I get as a reward if I do it?"

He said, "Nothing. Just do it for the hell of it. Be bold. I want to watch everyone looking at my wife naked."

I had a decision to make. As usual, the risk-taking element of my personality took over and I said, "Okay, I'll do it."

I didn't know what I was getting myself into, but I stood up and got ready to go. I went to pick up a towel to take, but Sean said "Just you, nothing else." He did let me take a bottle of water.

Carol and I started down the beach together. I was self-conscious, thinking that everyone was watching me. "I feel like everyone's eyes are on me." I said to Carol.

She laughed and said, "Honey, they are. Even the women are checking out their competition. They know that we are walking the beach to be seen. Wiggle your ass and show them what you've got. Keep your hands at your side so they can see your tits."

I was blushing, but it didn't show in the sunlight. We walked by a dozen people, going along the water's edge. Our path gave people, mostly men, an excuse to leave their women and walk by us on the way to the water. Out of my peripheral vision, I noticed that guys would walk by us looking at our tits and then looking back at our asses after they had gone by us. After a few pass-bys like this, Carol and I would smile at each other. I liked having men leer at my body. I knew they wanted to fuck me and it made me feel desirable and hot. I made my tits jiggle and swayed my ass as I walked. The women reacted differently. Some were jealous or offended at our boldness. Others looked at us with lust on their minds like the men, but most didn't care. They were doing the same thing by lying naked on a public beach.

We made it to the end of the beach where there were some rocks protruding into the water. It had taken us about a half-an-hour to make the trip. We weren't in any hurry. We were enjoying the attention. We turned and started back. We walked toward the back of the beach, looking for some different scenery and offering some different scenery to the people watching us.

We were three-quarters of the way back when someone called out to me. "Hey Mis Walker. Is that you?" It was one of my former high-school students. There were two other guys and a few girls with them. They all recognized me. I was embarrassed and they were all amused and amazed to be seeing a former teacher naked. I didn't know what to say when the one kid asked if they could get their photo taken with me. I noticed that two of the guys had bathing suits on. I told them a photo was okay, but only if they were naked too. One guy chickened out, but the other two stood next me while one of the girls took our photos together. I asked for a copy and gave them Sean's email address. I didn't know where the photo would be seen, but I could imagine the worst. There I was bare naked, with my tits and my pussy on display. Carol was beside me along with two naked guys and one of the naked girls.

We continued the walk back to our husbands who were drinking beer and watching us from afar. When we got back, Carol and I collapsed on our blankets, laughing. We told them about our walk and I explained my embarrassment at seeing some former students. "That picture will be in the gym and all over the school this fall." I wondered whether it would cost me my job.

Sean and Jeff walked down the beach to talk to them. I don't know what was said, but Sean told me not to worry about it.

The last evolution was another photo of the four of us, taken by a woman lying nearby. Carol and I insisted that they both get naked. I have saved that picture on my phone, me and Carol, Sean and Jeff with their semi-hard cocks dangling between their legs. I asked if there was a reward for this dare and my darling husband said, "Anything you want."





DARES, THE THIRD DARE

Wife accepts dares to get a new car.

My husband and I have a sort-of game we play. When one of us wants something, the other will set conditions that must be met. It's just a game. For example, my husband wanted a new set of golf clubs so I told him he had to take me to visit my mother for a weekend and be nice. I would have agreed to the golf clubs regardless and he would have taken me to my mother's house anyway. We set the conditions as a game.

When I asked I we could buy a new car to replace my eight-year-old model he said, "Only if you do six dares."

That seemed like a lot, but he held firm so I agreed. I asked, "What type of dares?"

He told me, "They will involve nudity and exhibitionism."

I found that type of thing exhilarating but I withheld my enthusiasm when I agreed. We'd done some daring things like having me strip for photographs at scenic or public locations, riding naked in the car without wearing a bra or underpants and so forth. Little did I know that my husband Sean would outdo himself with the six dares.

The first dare was the next day when he told me to strip and walk from the back door of the house to the front door in broad daylight. I agreed and stripped down. I carefully looked out the front window to see is anyone was around. It was a Saturday, so anyone could drive down our street and see me in the front of the house. There are neighbors in the back. I looked out and didn't see any activity. So, out the backdoor I went. I opened the door quietly, and slowly slinked around to the side of the house. There was a light on in the living room of our side neighbor's house and someone was walking around. I quickly turned around to go around the other side of the house. I heard the door open on the house behind us, so I quickly went around the side of our house, hiding behind a shrub.

I slowly walked along the side of the house behind a row of shrubs and got to the front corner of our house. I would be exposed for the rest of the way to our front porch. I didn't see anyone, so I quickly ran along the front of the house. As I was almost to the front door, I heard a car coming down the street. The driver wouldn't see me unless he happened to look at the front of our house. I froze my movement to avoid drawing attention as stood next to the front pillar of the porch. As soon as the car went by, I ran to the front door. Sean opened the door and let me in. I was exhilarated by that experience and we both were turned-on. We spent the afternoon in bed. I didn't put any clothes on until the next morning and my husband had fucked me four times by then.

The second dare came a few days later, after dark. My challenge was to strip naked and walk through our front yard and touch the light post of our neighbor across the street. I waited until after eleven o'clock, when most of our neighbors would be in bed. I went out the front door. Our porch and post lights were off, so it was pretty dark. I ran across the lawn while Sean watched through binoculars. The cool night air felt good on my body. I was excited as I ran across our lawn, across the street, touched the post and started back. As I got into our yard, Sean turned on the outdoor lights. I ran faster, hoping no one could see me. Sean was waiting at the door. He was naked too and we spent the night in bed.

Next was the 3rd dare. My husband and I drove separately to a meeting at our church. Afterwards, we were the last ones out of the building and were in the parking lot behind the church when Sean told me to strip and give him my clothes. When I did that, he put them in his car. He told me I had to drive home naked. On the way, I had to get gas in the car and bring him a hamburger from a fast-food place. This would be a tough one. Sean drove away and I got in my car. The seat felt cold on my bare ass, and it was different using my bare feet on the pedals.

I drove slowly and went out onto a main street and stopped at a signal. A cop drove up beside me. I looked straight ahead, fearing that he would look at me and realize I was naked. He couldn't see into my car, but I was worried nonetheless. When I got to the next light, a guy in a panel truck drove up on the passenger side. I realized that with the overhead streetlights, he would be able to see my nude body from the side. There was nothing I could do except wait for the light to change. The guy finally looked at me just as the light changed. He drove along side of me, hoping to get a better view. I quickly took a right turn onto a side street to get away from him and rerouted to another main street.

I pulled the seat up as far as it would go so the steering wheel would hide most of my nakedness. I drove around until I saw a fast-food place with no line and not an excessive amount of lighting. I pushed against the door to hide my chest as I shouted my order into the microphone. I drove up almost to the window and waited until I could see that they had my order. I quickly drove up and reached out to hand the money to the boy at the window and to get the drink and the bag of food. I had to sit up enough to reach the kid's hand and he could see the top of me down to the top of my naked breasts. I don't think he could see my nipples, but I'm not sure. He seemed to take his time. I gave him a twenty and didn't wait for change before I drove off.

I drove around to find a gas station. I was stalling and after a half-hour I had to get on with getting gas. I found one of those multi-island stations and drove into the end of the last line of pumps. There were pumps across from me and one ahead of me, but they were both empty when I drove up. I had planned my movements carefully. I pulled beside the pump. I opened my door and left if open to shield me. I got out, naked and put the gas card into the pump, pushed the right buttons, then quickly took the nozzle and put it into the gas tank hole. The symbolism of putting the nozzle into the hole occurred to me. I quickly got back in the car and closed the door while the gas pumped. So far, so good.

When the tank was full, I repeated my move of getting out with the door open to place the nozzle back on the pump. Just as I was about to step out and get the nozzle, another car drove in on the other side of the aisle, directly across from me. I jumped back in my car and closed the door. I had to wait until this guy was done and hope no one else came up to the pumps near me. The chance of being seen had increased significantly. Fortunately, the guy across from me put the nozzle into his car and went off to the convenience store. I quickly opened my door and replaced the nozzle in the gas pump. I didn't wait for a receipt or anything, I just started the car and drove off. (A few weeks later, I went back to that station. When I went into the store to buy something, I noticed that there were cameras aimed at each of the pumps. I wonder if someone noticed me. They probably save the recordings.)

When I got home, my husband had begun to worry about me. I was shaking when I got in the house. When Sean went down on me, he found that my pussy was very wet and I was covered with a sheen of sweat. Her particularly likes to fuck me in that condition. I soon relaxed and enjoyed another night of fabulous sex. The game might be about dares, but it was rewarding us with some wonderful fucking.


DARES, THE FOURTH DARE

Wife continues to meet dares for a new car.

This episode is about the fourth dare that I had agreed to do to get a new car. I had agreed with my husband, Sean to do six dares involving nudity and exhibitionism. It was a game we played when one of us wanted something. The first two dares were pretty mild, involving me walking around the outside of our house, naked, in broad daylight and walking across the street, naked, late at night. The third dare required me to drive home naked and get fast food and gas. The fourth one happened unexpectedly and had not been planned by my dear husband.

We were at a bar on Saturday night with three of Sean's, and my, friends. The bar had been pretty active but it had calmed down as the time approached midnight. The ball games were over. A topless dancer had been performing on a little stage and she finished and left.

While the dancer had been doing her thing, Sean began to comment about how my tits were nicer than the dancers. "You've got bigger tits, they hang better, your areolas are a nicer color and your nipples stay hard all the time."

I tried to turn the conversation away, but the other guys started to bug me about whether I agreed that my tits were better than the dancer's. I was in a playful mood and said, "Damn straight, my tits are nicer than hers."

Of course, they said show us. I looked around the bar to see who was watching. A lot of folks were gazing our way. I stood up, reached under my shirt, grabbed my shirt and bra and pulled them up, showing Sean, his friends and other people in the bar my tits. They applauded and encouraged me to do it again.

One of Sean's friends said, "I'm sorry, your tits are nice, but without seeing how they hang and how long your nipples stay hard, I can't say your tits are better than that dancer's"

"What do you want me to do, dance on that stage? Forget it." I said.

That's when my husband said, "I dare you. This will be dare number three."

I looked at him and saw he was serious. He wanted me to dance half naked in front of his friends and a roomful of strangers.

I got up and walked to the platform where a few guys helped me up. They started some sexy music and I started to sway and dance. Other girls had gotten up there from time-to-time, but I'd never seen anyone but the paid dancers, strip. I had been dared to do it, so I began. I pulled my top over my head and twirled it around as I wiggled my ass. I bent over to show some cleavage and then stood up and undid my bra. I did the thing where I took it off and then covered my tits for a while before moving my hands so that everyone could see my breasts. I swung around the pole, shook my tits at the guys near the platform and held my arms over my head make my tits stand up and out. My nipples were very hard and my areolas were aroused and dark. I felt my tits jiggle as I danced around. It was exhilarating to be dancing nude for a crowd of people.

I thought I was finished until everyone in the bar began to shout for me to continue and to strip off something else. Why not, I thought as I pulled down my jeans and threw them into the crowd. Now I had my shoes and my panties left. After some more encouragement, I took my shoes off and danced barefoot in my panties. I was turned on; the exhibitionist in me was making my juices flow. As the crowd cheered for more, I slowly played with my panties. I looked at my husband who nodded. I pulled my panties down and let them fall down my legs. I kicked them out to the crowd with one foot and stood there, nude, as everyone cheered. I have a brown-haired pussy that I've trimmed to keep it neat. I have a small "S" tattoo on my left ass cheek. I spun around on the pole and spread my legs like I was leaping. That showed a bit of my slit. As they cheered me on, I bent over with my legs spread and showed everyone my naked pussy. The room was full of men leering at my naked body. When one of them put his hand on my ass, I pushed it away and stopped. I got down off the stage. Sean and his friends came to get me and take me back to their booth. I felt a few hands on my ass as we walked between the tables to get to the booth. Wow, I thought, that was exciting.

I looked around for my clothes, but they had been taken by the crowd. Sean wanted me to walk to our car naked, but I persuaded one of his friends to loan me a tee shirt. I put it on. It barely covered my ass. My cheeks were visible as I walked out of there.

Sean took me home and we fucked all night. The next day, he kept getting photos of me on his phone. Some of them are pretty good. Sean made a slide show that included many of them. There are a number of them that emphasize my tits and a few that got the slit between my legs when I was on the pole. The ones from when I bent over are very dirty. I imagine he will show the slide show to his friends sometime when I'm not at home. My reputation was not helped my stripping in public. Now a lot of people think I'm a slut. I may like to take chances and show my body, but I'm totally faithful to my guy, Sean.

Four dares down, and two to go.


DARES, THE 5TH DARE

Wife continues to follow her husband's dares.

The previous story told about how my husband Sean and I played a game. When one of us wanted something, the other person would have to do something in return for agreement. I wanted a car and he agreed to get it for me if I performed six dares involving exhibitionism and nudity. We had finished the first four dares. The third had me driving home naked and stopping on the way to get gas and fast-food. The fourth had be strip in a bar in front of his friends and some strangers.

The fifth dare came by surprise. We were going out to dinner at our favorite restaurant that was owned by a friend of Sean. Sean told me what to wear and I should have sensed that he was going to dare me to do something. I wore a t-shirt on top, with no bra. I had a wraparound skirt and panties on below along with sandals. The skirt was very short.

We got to the restaurant where Sean had made reservations. We were seated in a booth at the back of the restaurant. It was a corner booth and we had to slide around the seat to get seated. There was a large tablecloth over the table, that hid anything below the table. We knew the maître-de, Barry, a gay guy who we'd known for a long time. The waiter was a young guy named Paul.

After we ordered, Sean told me to go pee before we ate. When I got back to the table, Sean said, "I dare you to get naked below the table." I was shocked and hemmed and hawed to try to get him to change his mind, but he kept laughing and wouldn't. He convinced me that no one could see below the table and nobody would see me. I slid my panties down my legs and off and left my sandals on the floor. I handed my panties to my husband. Then he helped me unbutton my skirt and it fell away from my body, leaving me naked below my waist. But that wasn't enough. He excused himself to go to the bathroom and took my skirt and panties with him. I was sitting there, alone, with nothing on below my waist. The waiter came over and delivered a bottle of wine that my husband had ordered. I was scared of being seen as the waiter gave me the glass to taste accept the wine. I tried to act cool, but it was really unusual sitting there with my ass and pussy naked and talking to this guy who had no idea that I was half naked. I had forgotten that my breasts were visible through my shirt and my nipples had gotten hard, so the kid was taking his time and tried to strike up a conversation. Finally, Sean came back and the kid left. I wondered where my clothes were, because Sean didn't have them with him.

We ate a delicious meal, although it was hard to focus because of my self-consciousness. I asked Sean if he was sure the table cloth hid my nakedness and he said, 'Pretty sure." That didn't help. Maybe the people at one of the tables had a view of my naked pussy. They certainly could see my bare legs and feet. Sean would occasionally put his hand under the table and rub my silky thigh. He would tease my pussy, touching my labia and flicking his fingers over my clit. I had to deal with hiding my arousal along with hiding my nudity.

When we finished eating, I was ready to get out of there. When the waiter asked if we wanted anything else, I was about to say no when Sean asked to see the desert tray. When the waiter brought the tray, the jerk moved around the side of the booth and reached in to show me the tray. He could see my bare ass from the side. I tried to get him to move away by quickly choosing one of the deserts.

Sean's friend Barry, the maître-de came by to say hello. He moved into the booth and sat beside me. There was no way to move to hide the side of my legs and my ass. If I turned one way, he'd be able to see my ass. If I turned the other way, he'd be able to see my pussy. I tried to casually hold my hand with a napkin at my side. I knew he could see that I was naked below the waist and he knew that I knew he knew. He could also see my nipples poking out through my shirt. Finally, we finished dessert and Sean got up to go to the bathroom again while Barry continued to sit beside me and talk. It was embarrassing, but exciting at the same time.

When Sean got back, I could see that he had my clothes. Barry finally left and Sean slid my little skirt over to me. I slid it under my ass and buttoned it. Then I slid out of the booth, trying not to show my pussy as I slid across the seat. It probably was visible to some of the other diners. It kept my head down as we hurried out of there.

I wanted to get away and Sean wanted to get after me. We only got to the parking lot. Sean held me against the side of our car and pulled off my skirt. He got his cock out and lifted me so that he could push it in. We were on the far side of the car from the restaurant door, but when four people came out, they could see my husband fucking me if they looked. We were quiet as they walked the other way to their car. Being almost seen by them pushed both of us to the edge. I felt my husband's warm semen shoot against the inside of my vagina and I came along with him.

As we drove home, I wondered what the sixth dare would be. I couldn't wait.


DARES, THE 6TH DARE

Wife must do the final dare to get a new car.

This is the final part of the story of my agreeing to do six dares as a condition of getting a new car. The first two dares were not that difficult, but the third had me drive home naked and stop for gas and food on the way home; the fourth had me strip naked in a bar. The fifth involved me being nude below the waist for the entire evening as we ate dinner at a restaurant. I didn't expect that, nor did I expect the sixth dare.

A couple of weeks later, we were driving home from dinner and drinks at our friends' house. It was nearing midnight. We'd both had a few drinks and I was a bit woozy. When we were about two blocks from home, my husband Sean said, "Please get out of the car." I wondered what he had in mind as I got out of the car.

It was a cool fall evening and I held my knee length coat around me. Sean then said, "Strip."

I had found the previous dares exhilarating and was willing to try the next one. I told him, "This is the sixth dare. I get a car if I do this." He agreed as he rolled down the window.

I took my coat off and he motioned for me to throw it into the car. I did. Then I slowly unbuttoned my blouse so I would give him a hard-on. I pulled it off my shoulders and threw it into the car too. My bra was next. When the cool air hit my breasts, it felt wonderful. I got goosebumps from being cold and my nipples hardened like they do when I'm really aroused.

I pulled my pants down and threw them through the window. "Shoes too." he said. I took off my shoes and socks and pitched them in with the other clothes. I was left with my panties. Sean nodded for them too. I slid my panties down my legs and off one leg then the other and tossed them into the car. I stood there naked.

I expected that Sean would let me back in the car but he surprised me when he said, "See you at home." And he drove away. I was naked in the neighborhood, two blocks from home. I looked down the street. It was deserted as I slowly walked along the side of the road. I moved away from the street so I could shield myself behind trees and shrubs. There were five or six houses on each block between where I was and our house. I was turned-on at being naked and alone and in danger of being seen.

I moved from tree to tree, shrub to shrub and got halfway down the first block when a car came down the street. I jumped before the headlights hit me and hid behind a shrub in one of the yards. Immediately, a security flood light shone from the house. I moved to the other side of the bush and froze. If another car came, I would have a choice of who might see me. A man looked out the upstairs bedroom window of the house, looking to see what activated the light. I stood still as the homeowner looked through the window. He finally moved away from the window and I slinked away. The light went out. Whew!

I started down the street when a guy walking a dog came around the corner, heading my way. I jumped behind a tree. The dog could see and smell me and started toward me. Fortunately, the dog was on a leash. He growled and pulled and the man walking him was looking to see what the dog was worried about. He had a flashlight and aimed it in my direction. I froze behind the tree and hoped he wouldn't see me. Again, fortune intervened as a rabbit sprung out of a bush. The flashlight went out and they were on their way. I had to stand there, naked while the dog sniffed and pissed on every bush for the rest of the block. I was getting cold, but I was also aroused. My tits were hard and I rubbed my hand over my pussy as I stood there. I had to be careful to not lose focus.

I ran across the next yard and got to a yard with no trees or shrubs. I would have to get across without being seen. I readied myself and was ready to run. I ran and was half-way across the yard when I heard the door on the house open. A man came out of his house. I hid while he got his garbage can. The next day was garbage collection day and he was pulling his container to the street. I hopped into the bushes without being seen as the guy walked up the driveway. I froze as I knelt in the bushes. The branches were scratching me on the legs and back. I had to move to get some of the leaves away from my pussy. The homeowner would be able to see me if he only looked. He walked about ten feet away from me. I knew the guy from neighborhood parties. I'd be so embarrassed if he saw me, but fortunately, he walked right by me and did not. I waited until he was back in his house before continuing.

I was about half-way, reaching a side street. I had to run across it. The gravel on the side of the street hurt my feet as I gingerly walked to the edge of the street. I ran across the pavement. Another car turned on to the street. I ran, but the headlights caught me. My bare back and ass were bathed in light. I ran behind an azalea bush as the car came slowly down the street. I pushed into the bush as the car drove by slowly. I could see a young guy looking around, trying to see me. He went down the street and turned. He stopped and began to back up. He was looking for me.

I took off running and went behind the next house. I couldn't go back in front of the houses where the guy might see me, so I walked across the back yard of the house until I came to a fence. I had to climb over it without hurting myself. It was chain link and I could easily snag my pussy on the wires and do some damage. I was very careful as I leaped down into the next yard.

Shit, an alarm went off. There was a motion detector covering the yard. I ran around the side of the house and moved toward the front as I heard the homeowner open his back door to see what had set off the alarm. I hoped he didn't have a dog. He did have a flashlight and as he explored his yard, I ran along the side of the house into his front yard which set off another alarm. I reached the adjacent yard and dashed across it as the flashlight played along the yard where I had been.

I was a few houses away from home. I stopped to think about how it felt to have to cool air play over my naked skin. The breeze blew over my naked breasts, ruffled the hair on my head and on my pussy. I turned to have the breeze play across my back and my ass. I was sexually excited at the danger I was experiencing.

The walk over the final few yards was uneventful until I got halfway across our neighbor's yard. A police car came down the street. I ducked behind some bushes as the cop moved his flood light across the yards. I had only a few feet to get to my yard. When the light moved to the other side of the street, I ran and as I entered our yard, I was grabbed from the side. It was Sean. He wrapped my coat around me and pulled me beside him as the police car came down the street.

Sean walked toward the police officer. I wrapped the coat around me and stood beside him. I thought I was caught and in deep trouble. Sean came to the rescue. The officer said he was investigating a report of an intruder. Sean said that we had heard someone and we had come out to investigate ourselves. His story covered for me. Fortunately, the cop didn't notice my bare feet and legs.

I fucked my evil-minded husband until he couldn't move once we got in the house. I got my car. Next, I want a diamond bracelet. I wonder what I'll have to do to get it.
