Ann Lives her Fantasy, by bakeboss: How many of you women have a dark hidden fantasy, one so disturbing it scares you? Well I had one and as much as I was afraid of it, I couldn't get it out of my mind. I've had this fantasy every since I was a teenager and it never seems to change. I mean it's so disturbing I hate even writing about it. I fantasize about being taken by a black man, I don't mean rape, I mean I just let him have his way with me. The thing is, I'm terrified of black men, they are just so, so male. Most of the white men I know, if you catch them leering at you they quickly turn away in embarrassment but the few blacks I've come in contact with will just keep leering at you as if it is their right. I consider myself a modern woman, although I'm not what you'd call a feminist I do agree with much of what they believe in. I've always controlled the men that I've had a relationship with, it's my way or the highway Buster, I've always said. I have to say any sex I've had I always got mine first, so to speak and yet even though I usually have an orgasm it's just not the exploding kind. That is except when I'm masturbating and fantasizing about, well you know what, and then I cum so hard it's mind numbing.

Well now that I have that off my chest let me tell you my story. My name is Ann and I am a thirty something woman in a rewarding job. No one has ever called me skinny even when I was a kid but now that I'm getting older, I find myself getting fatter. One day after getting off the scale that told me I had gained another two pounds, I stared at my naked body in the mirror. I thought 'you still look good from the neck up but the rest of you is in trouble.' My boobs, which were always my best quality, are now double D's and hanging against my belly. I looked at my ass in the mirror; if it gets any bigger, they are going to make me but two seats when I fly. That thought was all it took, I got dressed and went out to find a gym.

I walked into the gym by my house determined to change my life, I just had no idea how much my life would change. I stood at the counter tapping my fingers waiting for someone to wait on me. I said to myself oh the hell with this and turned around to leave. I heard,

"You can't leave yet I haven't even talked to you."

I turned around to just blow him off but stopped before I said a word. Behind the counter was the most beautiful specimen of a black man, no any man, I had ever seen, I mean it was as if my fantasy lover had come to life. I just stared and I'm sure my mouth was open.

"I know you want to join our gym and if you sign up know I can give you two free personal trainer lessons just so you can see if you like them."

Before I knew what I was doing, I had signed a contract. His name tag said Henry but if you asked me, I think it should be Adonis. Henry told me to step into his office for measurements so he could track my progress. He said next he would assign goals for me and then devise an exercise routine custom fit to my abilities.

I went with him to his office where he closed the door behind us and that meant I was now alone with my worst fear and my most exhilarating fantasy. He instructed me to stand and he took out a tape measure and began to measure me. Oh god, he was so close I could feel the heat of his body and just the faintest hint of his after-shave. His fingers rubbed across my nipples as he measured my chest and it sent thunderbolts down to my groin. Henry kept his arms around me as he next measured my waist and then down to my hips. I just wanted to melt into his arms but he remained aloof and professional. He came around to the front of me to measure my thighs and when he put the tape around he managed to rub his fingers into my pussy and right across my throbbing clit. I just prayed he couldn't feel how wet my panties were and then with another thought I wondered if he could smell how wet I was. Well if he could, he never mentioned it, to my relief.

He told me to sit at his desk so we could discuss what kind of exercises I was interested in doing. I told him I knew nothing of exercise and was even worried about being embarrassed in front of all the other people in the gym.

"I'll tell you what I can do; I have a few openings for private lesions at my house where I have a large gym. Of course, this will cost you more money but I can guarantee satisfaction."

I agreed to this without a second thought, in fact I don't think I could have said no to him on anything he asked. Henry said he was going to send me to his doctor to be sure I was healthy enough. He gave me the address and told me to be there at ten tomorrow. He told me my first session would be Thursday at eleven. I was in such a state that once I was in my car I had to rub myself to a climax before I could drive out of the parking lot.

I went to see his doctor; a woman who I thought looked a lot like me, meaning a full figured woman in her late thirties. She took a lot of blood, poked, and prodded in a lot of places that as far as I knew had nothing to do with exercising.

I got to his house early Thursday; I just couldn't let myself be late. As I kept ringing his doorbell, I began to worry I had the wrong address but finally he opened the door and he seemed slightly out of breath. He was bare chested dressed only in a pair of sweatpants. His body looked like it had been carved by Michael Angelo, his chest was large and flat with just a little hair on each pectoral and trailing down to his flat stomach. I was afraid I might swoon and then I looked up to see a girl standing there.

"This is Sharron she's my nine o'clock she is just leaving."

She must have been exercising hard for her face was flushed and she was covered in sweat. For a workout top, she was just wearing a sports bra. As she walked out, she thanked Henry and told me to enjoy myself.

Henry showed me to his gym, as I walked behind him I stared at his muscular back. Broad muscles all defined as if chiseled of stone. He told me we would start with a massage, he turned around, and as he looked into my eyes instructed me to undress down to my bra and panties. I couldn't refuse, I didn't want to refuse him and as he watched I striped down to my under things. He told me to get on the table and lie on my stomach. As he stood next to my head, he began a masterful massage of my back. He undid my bra without permission, as if I would have stopped him. I moved my head and found myself starring at his cock inside his sweatpants. Even unaroused it was a sexual being, big in both size and circumference and I had to fight the urge to lean over and kiss it through his pants. As he leaned over to do my lower back his cock was actually touching my nose. I inhaled deeply hoping to catch his manly scent but instead I noticed more of a female odor. Then it came to me, that was why he didn't answer the door right away, he was fucking Sharon. That was why he wasn't wearing a shirt and why she was dressed only in her bra.

He instructed me to turn over and without thinking, I flipped onto my back exposing my breasts. He chuckled as I realized what I had done; my face went bright red as I tried to get my bra out from under me.

"That's all right we're all friends here you won't need this."

He took my bra from my hand and tossed it with my other clothes. With my nipples standing at attention, he grasped one between two fingers and gave it a firm but not painful squeeze.

"Babe I really enjoy a full breasted woman especially if she has large nipples like you."

I looked down to watch his large black hands toying with my pale breast and the feeling of his strong fingers plus the contrast of our two complexions was so erotic to me I thought I might orgasm just by his touch. I was now his and he knew it, he went to the end of the table and put my feet onto it. He reached up and pulled my sopping wet panties down my legs exposing my gaping slit. I watched as he put my panties to his nose before tossing them with my other things. I worked up the courage to speak,

"Do I get to see you now?"

He just smiled and said in due time as he continued to rub my now naked body. He spread my knees apart and then instructed me to spread my cunt apart. I squirmed as he put his large fingers inside me and then just as he did my nipple he held my clit between fingers and thumb, pulling it as he squeezed it at the same time. I climaxed, and I could feel my juices flooding my slit and running down to my ass. Henry instructed me to turn around and get on my knees. He walked up next to my face his penis still in his sweats. I'm pretty sure I begged him to allow me to see it and he merely nodded his approval. I stuck my hands inside his pants and took hold of him; I have never been so excited in my life. I had to see it so I tugged down his sweats until they fell at his feet. There it was right in front of me, I kissed the tip and then licked the underneath part. Not only was it the largest cock I had ever seen it was the first uncircumcised as well. I have never liked giving blow jobs and the very few I have given were just to reward some man for something or another and always with the warning that if they came in my mouth I would bite their dick off and spit it out. Oh but I wanted Henry, and I wanted his cum, I pulled his foreskin back exposing the bulbous head and then put in my mouth. I could taste Sharron's juices mixed with Henry's sperm both still on his cock from their earlier fuck. Somewhere I heard a cell phone ring; Henry took a hand full of my hair to hold me onto his cock while he leaned over and got his phone from his pocket. So here, I was sucking this man's cock while he talked on his phone. I wanted to make him cum while he talked and although he was so big, and I could hardly get him into my mouth I kept trying to swallow him all the way. I could hear him talking,

"Hey Junior, whasup, no I'm just standing here getting my cock sucked, no it's the truth. Here you ask her."

He roughly pulled his cock from my mouth and it made me whimper with the loss. He put the phone to me ear,

"Hello, Ann, my name is Ann. What am I doing? I'm giving Henry a blow job. What, well I'm white if you must know."

Henry took the phone away and allowed me to put his cock back in my mouth.

"No I don't hav to worry about no rubbers, that's why I send them to Doctor Sue. She checks them out real good, she has to cause if she don't and I catch somtin then I give it to her. Hay Junior I got to call ya back later I'm about to bust my nut in this bitch's mouth."

I head what he said just as the first shot of semen hit the back of my throat. I swallowed fast and was rewarded with another blast and then another. I felt like such a slut, sucking the cum out of a man I really didn't know while he bragged about it on the phone. That was when I realized that the humiliation of it was a total turn on and all I wanted to do was please him more. I kept him in my mouth enjoying the taste of his cum while he softened and loving the feel of his manhood. He looked at me,

"Hey babe I'm hungry, fix me some food."

We went to his kitchen, me naked and him back in his sweats. I made him an egg white omelet with turkey bacon and a protein shake. I sat still naked beside him with my breasts resting on his kitchen table and just stared at his magnificent chest while he ate. When he finished I cleaned up the dishes, he came up behind me and began to kiss my neck, and I could feel his cock start to rise as it pressed between the cheeks of my ass. I turned around and then he gave me my first kiss, long and with his tongue in my mouth. He then took my hand and led me back to the gym where I found out what it's like to be really fucked. As he lay on top of me, he grabbed my hair to pull my head back and he put his tongue in my mouth at the same time he put his cock in my cunt. What started as slow turned animalistic as he became aroused. His assault on my body was nonstop faster and faster, he began to bite my breasts and he was pulling my hair harder. I could feel the pain and yet I wanted more, I screamed,

"More more give me more please, I beg you,"

and he did. He increased his tempo again and I was worried I might pass out as I climaxed over and over. I felt his cum hit my cervix and knew there would be more, I held his balls and felt them empty inside me spasm after spasm. He lay on top of me in a pool of our mixed sweat both of us breathing hard.

"Well babe, how'd you like you first day's workout."

I rode home sitting in a puddle of Henry's cum; I couldn't even hold it in with my panties because Henry kept those to put up on his trophy wall.

That was how my workouts became, I would go to Henry, he would treat me like shit and then fuck me senseless, and I loved it. Unbelievably it worked too I lost twenty pounds, that was until I got pregnant with Henry's child. I'm so happy he said I could keep it as long as I raised it right. I called my old boy friend George and told him I was preggers. He thinks it's his so he asked me to marry him, I said yes of course because I'll need help in raising my child. I'm not telling George it isn't his until after we're married. I hope I have a boy and I'm sure he'll turn into a man like his daddy not a wimp like his father. Of course, I'm keeping my twice a week training sessions with Henry, He told me there nothing better than fucking a pregnant woman.