Alexis - Camping
by Demonhead
Copyright© 2021 by Demonhead


Alexis Spane walked slowly down the hall after English class. It was the last class on Friday and she always loved the relief she felt once classes were done for the day, even more so on Friday. She glanced casually around and got a kick out of the attention she got from everyone as she walked. She still dressed a little conservatively, but her body was now attracting much more attention. Today her long white shirt still allowed her fellow students to watch her boobs move slightly as she walked. The shirt was her Dad’s, she liked the way it smelled a little like him and it looked very fashionable, no one would know she borrowed it. Her boobs had filled out quite a bit in the last year. She always wore a bra and kept most of the shirt buttons closed but sometimes you just can’t hide some things and Alexis’ chest had gotten pretty famous in their small high school. Her Dad’s shirt was long and untucked and almost covered her butt in her black yoga pants. She loved wearing them, they were so comfortable. The boys also loved it when she wore them, a lot of blood flowed down when she walked by in those.

Kevin was waiting for her by her locker. He was so cute. She smiled and sped up her walk. He hugged her and she got on her tiptoes to kiss him. Her shirt pulled up and her tight ass was now on display, causing a slight ripple in the hallway conversations. Kevin did not have football practice today. The team had an off week before the playoffs began and coach was giving them the weekend off to heal. Kevin needed that since he took a shot in the pocket last game as he threw the game-winning touchdown. Alexis got so excited when that happened, she hugged the freshman sitting next to her in the stands. The poor boy was still recovering from that hug.

Kevin took her hand and they walked slowly down the hall. They were the “it” couple nowadays, although anyone Kevin was with sort of absorbed his fame. Alexis looked up at him and marveled at how weird it still felt to be his girlfriend. As recent as last year he did not even know she existed. No one really noticed her for that matter, a small, mousy freshman girl with frizzy hair, braces, and thick frame glasses. Yes, she chuckled when she remembered that she was the poster child for nerd only 6 months ago. She never had any dreams of popularity until her braces were removed. Then her Mom gave her contact lenses for her 15th birthday and took her to her salon for a new haircut. Alexis’ frizzy brown hair was now shoulder length and wavy. Coincidentally her body decided that this was also the time to blossom. Her hips got fuller and rounded, she lost the baby fat around her middle, and her chest grew from a modest 34A to a robust 36C.

They reached the parking lot, and he kissed her next to his car. She felt his tongue slide into her mouth and her body lit up. She could feel her nipples harden and her crotch was on fire. This boy was dangerous, she fought back thoughts of giving her precious virginity to him right here and now in the parking lot on the hood of his car. He pulled back and smiled at her. Did he know what she was thinking? Did he know how horny she was right now? He hugged her and ran his hands through her soft hair. He kissed her on the forehead and turned her towards the bus, giving her tight ass a spank. She squealed. He could not take her home today, he had to pick up his Mom. He was excited about the weekend though; he had never been camping before and he felt good about being invited by her parents. She told him goodbye and turned to walk to the bus. She reached behind her and scratched her lower back, pulling up her shirt a little. She knew he was staring at her ass. She smiled and climbed onto the bus.

The bus ride was annoying, it was long, and the bus was hot with all the kids crammed in it. Luckily there was a freshman girl sitting next to her so she wouldn’t have to put up with creepy eyes that usually sat next to her since she blossomed. She looked out the window and watched her prince drive off. Alexis was looking forward to the weekend, they were going camping, and her parents were letting Kevin come along. It only took her on her knees begging and endless household chores for them to agree. She kind of felt like they put her through the ringer just for fun, they liked Kevin. The bus hit a huge pothole and she bounced off the seat. She felt her boobs fly up and then jiggle as she landed on the seat. She looked over to see two sets of creepy eyes across the aisle. Great, she leaned back and looked out the window.

The bus pulled into her neighborhood and stopped. Alexis walked down the aisle slowly and felt all the eyes on her. It felt nice most of the time but sometimes she wished she could become invisible again. She hopped off the bus and it pulled away. The walk to her house was long enough for her to decompress from school before she got to her house. Dad was already packing the truck and she ran to him and gave him a big hug. She only came to the middle of his chest; his body was strong and powerful, and she loved it. He kissed her on the forehead and asked her how her day was. They talked for a few minutes and then she skipped into the house to start packing.

Her mom was upstairs, and Alexis joined her as they both packed for the weekend. She loved their impromptu talks and this one quickly moved to the point of her sharing a tent with Kevin. Alexis loved the fact that her parents trusted her and were pretty much ok with most of her decisions. They talked about her virginity and how it would be nice to save it for a special person. Her mom made her feel so good about deciding who and when that would be. She was not sure if Kevin was that special person or not, but she was ready to find out.

Kevin got to their house about an hour later and then within 30 minutes they were on the road. It was a two-hour drive and she held Kevin’s hand in the backseat and talked about high school and college. She was wearing a loose shirt over tank top and sweatpants. Kevin looked at her and she could see in his eyes that he would be between her legs in a flash as soon as she gave him the ok. They talked pretty openly about sex and he seemed very understanding, especially for a high school senior boy. Alexis had heard some horrible stories from her girlfriends and was so happy that Kevin didn’t seem to be like that, but he was still a boy and she knew he would not hesitate. She felt her nipples harden a little as she thought of sharing a tent with him all weekend. They had made out quite a few times and last weekend she let him under her shirt for the first time. His touch on her bare chest was electric and he touched and kissed her so gently. She had not let him below her waist yet, but she felt like that was going to happen soon and she wondered what that would feel like. Her pussy tingled at the thought. She looked out the window to slow down her heart rate.

They made it to the campsite in a couple of hours. There was plenty of daylight left so the tents went up quickly. Alexis was still a little surprised her parents agreed to let her share a tent with Kevin. She felt really close to her Mom and loved their long talks about her life choices and how she could take control of her life now that she was 15. Alexis felt good that her Mom supported any decision she made but she still felt strongly that she was making the right choice to wait.

Darkness got on them quickly. The guys built a fire and Alexis and her Mom walked to the bathrooms to brush their teeth. When the girls got back her Dad and Kevin were relaxing with a beer next to the fire. Alexis looked at Kevin and he told her his parents let him drink beer if they were all together and he had gotten the ok from them for the weekend. She settled down on a blanket next to him and her Mom handed her a beer. Her face showed her surprise and her parents chuckled. They told her it was ok, and they felt better about her trying beer with them instead of at some scary party. Alexis put the bottle to her lips and swallowed her first mouthful of beer. It was strange and tasted different. They talked and told jokes and soon there were plenty of empty bottles in a pile near the fire.

It seemed later than it was, and everyone decided to go to sleep. Her Dad was really drunk, and he was funny. She felt a little weird and when she stood up, she got really dizzy. Kevin grabbed her and helped her to their tent as her Mom walked her Dad to theirs. They slipped into their tent and Kevin climbed onto the open sleeping bag and held out his arms. Alexis slipped off her over shirt and slid into his arms.

He kissed her softly and deeply and Alexis felt her body heat up immediately. Her thoughts were scrambled as her tongue touched his. He slid his hand up and down her side a couple of times and then over her breast. She moaned into his mouth and felt his fingers pinch her nipple. Her muddled brain was no help as he slid his hand over and squeezed her other breast. He pulled away from her mouth and her head fell onto the blanket. He kissed her belly and then slid her tank top up slowly. It was like her stomach was on fire and her nipples were begging for attention. His hands were warm and soft and soon her shirt was over her boobs and around her neck. Her boobs were out in the open for the first time, all the other times he had touched her under her shirt and in the front seat of his truck. He pulled her tank top gently and it slipped over her head and then off her arms. He tossed it over his shoulder and smiled at her. She smiled back at him and watched his head lower to her bare chest. His lips kissed her sensitive nipple and she arched her back off the blanket.

Her breathing was heavy and fast as he sucked her stiff nipple into his mouth. He was a master, and her young body was putty under his touch. He squeezed her other boob as he licked and sucked on the nipple. He slid over and did the same thing to her other nipple. Alexis felt her body lose control and it scared her. She panicked a little and then he pinched her nipple and bit the other one gently. Her mouth opened in a gasp that turned quickly into a moan. His lips kissed all over her breast and then down her stomach. She struggled with her drunken mind to understand what was happening to her. She closed her eyes to try and clear her mind and it became clear enough for her to feel good about what was happening just in time for her to feel her sweatpants being pulled off her legs.

Kevin was kneeling in front of her and put his hands on her knees as her legs were bent and together. He kissed her knees and slid his hands down her soft thighs. His hands were so warm and felt good on her skin. His hands moved back to her knees and she felt slight pressure. Her legs opened slowly before Kevin and his eyes lit up as he stared down at her. She loved the look on his face and wondered if he could be her special one. His hands slid down her inner thighs and she moaned. Her thighs were ultra-sensitive, and his fingers were driving her insane. They moved slowly over her soft thighs and then touched the side of her pink panties. She felt her hips leave the ground as he ran his fingers along the edge of her panties. He slid his hands under her and held her butt. Alexis felt her eyes roll into the back of her head and she bit her lip to keep from screaming as his lips kissed her inner thigh softly.

Alexis grabbed the sleeping bag in her fists as Kevin played her young body. His kisses were now all over her thighs and his tongue licked her skin and set her on fire. She felt a pull and then her panties were sliding off her hips. Her legs came together as the small pink material moved over her knees and down to her feet. She looked up at her cute boyfriend and he had an evil grin on his face as he held her panties to his nose. He looked so funny, and she giggled. He tossed her panties over his shoulder and grabbed her knees again. He pushed her knees apart gently and she opened her long legs to him for the first time. Alexis felt her pussy open for him and Kevin’s eyes got wide. She locked onto his face as he stared between her legs. His head lowered and she gasped in anticipation. No one had ever touched where he was heading. She bit her lip again and then threw her head back as she felt his hot breath and then his soft tongue on her clit. A warm wave of pleasure started in her toes and ran through her young body. She had masturbated many times and had many orgasms but had never felt anything like this. His tongue slid down into her open pussy and licked her all the way down. It ran back up again slowly and then circled around her clit again.

Alexis was lost in passion and hoped that he would be kind and gentle. She would not be able to stop him from doing anything to her at this point. Her pussy was pulsating, her thighs were tingling, and her nipples were rock hard and screaming for attention. It was like he read her mind as his lips closed over her clit his hands slid up and grabbed both breasts. He sucked gently on her clit and pinched her nipples and Alexis felt her orgasm explode inside her. The pleasure was more than she had ever felt, and she arched her back off the ground. Kevin held onto her breasts and continued to suck on her clit. Her body was moving like crazy as she felt electricity run through it. It slowed down and he pulled off just at the right time. He kept rubbing her nipples as she came down slowly. Her body shivered numerous times and he slid up behind her and held her as she recovered.

Alexis had never felt like this before, and his strong arms felt wonderful wrapped around her body. She realized she was lying naked with her boyfriend in a tent. It seemed so strange. She closed her eyes just for a second and relaxed even more. Her screaming bladder woke her, and she realized they had fallen asleep. It seemed really late, and she slid out of his arms. He was still sleeping as she searched for her panties in the dark. Her mind was really fuzzy now with the alcohol and sleep working together to confuse her. Her fingers found some soft material and she realized it was her sweatpants. She slipped them on and climbed out of the tent. Her boobs bounced and she realized she did not have on her shirt. Where was it? She crossed her arms over her breasts and looked around. It was really dark and very late. There was no sound or lights anywhere she looked. She looked up and the sky was black, no stars at all. She actually could barely make out her parents’ tent and the car. She remembered the bathroom was down the path a little way and she shuffled in that direction holding her boobs with her arm. The path was soft dirt and it felt good on her bare feet. It was warm but the air had a slight chill to it, so her nipples were rock hard. She looked around and her fuzzy mind figured no one could see her anyway in the dark so she continued down the path with her young boobs bouncing free. She found the bathroom and walked in. It smelled sort of bad, but her bladder was now really screaming at her. She found a stall and slipped her sweatpants down and plopped on the toilet. She realized as her bladder started emptying that there was no door on the stall. That was weird.

Her head started spinning as she sat there, and her stomach felt queasy. She closed her eyes and tried to calm her thoughts. They were racing and she felt like she had no control. She started to panic and then she heard a noise. It was a door and then some voices. She noticed movement and then two boys were standing in front of the stall looking at her. They were young, they looked around her age, mayne a little older than her. One was really fat and the other was really skinny. They both had bad acne and their hair was goofy looking and sticking straight out all over their head. They both looked startled and then she realized her boobs were just hanging there. She crossed her arms over them. The boys looked at her and she could feel her face flush with embarrassment. She pulled some toilet paper and cleaned herself. She flushed the toilet and stood up. She wanted to get out of there as quick as she could, but her legs did not cooperate. She had been sitting so long they had fallen asleep, and she tumbled down to the floor. She tried to turn and grab the wall, but her hands grabbed air and her butt slammed to the ground with her sweatpants around her ankles. The pain in her butt caused her to lay down flat on her back for a moment. She opened her eyes and looked up at the two boys staring down at her. She was basically naked on the floor as they stood over her. She reached down and pulled her sweatpants up. She sat up and covered her boobs with her arms. She closed her eyes and sat there.

The boys eventually used the bathroom and left. She stood up slowly and her legs now had feeling again. She shuffled out of the bathroom and back to the trail. She did not see or hear the boys. She was so embarrassed. She swore she was never going to drink again. She saw the trees clear, and her campsite was in front of her. Well, she thought it was, it was so dark she could not see anything. She tried to focus and shuffled forward with her hands out in front of her. She felt something with her feet and then she felt her tent. She knelt down and crawled back inside. Kevin was still out, and she slid up and snuggled up next to him with her back to him. He put his arm around her and pulled her close. It felt so good to be back in his arms and safe.

He made a noise and then he ran his hand down her side and down her leg. It felt so good. He ran his hand back up and then over her tight stomach and over her breasts. He rubbed them both and then grabbed the right one and squeezed. It was a little hard, so she winced a little, but her body tingled under his touch. Her nipple was stiff, and he pinched it gently. Her body was heating up again and he slid his hand down her tummy and right into her sweatpants. His fingers found her clit immediately and started rubbing it. She moaned and moved her hips back against him. She felt his hard cock again her butt. It felt huge. He was still rubbing her clit and she was now wiggling and breathing hard as her young body caught fire. She felt him pull her sweatpants down and then pulled them completely off. She felt his cock now against her skin. It felt hot and really hard. His hand rubbed her soft thigh and then grabbed her butt and squeezed. She pushed back into him and then she felt him moving his cock. It slid between her thighs and then he lifted her leg and moved closer to her. She felt him rub his hard cock against her open pussy and she panicked a little. This was the time, and he was the one. Her foggy mind came to terms with that and reached down to touch him.

Her small fingers felt the huge cock and she felt a shiver run through her. It was nestled between her open pussy lips and her moisture was coating it as he slid it back and forth. She felt him shift and then his other hand grabbed her leg and spread her wide. She felt him grab his cock and push it into her. It slid easily in at first and then she felt her virginity stop it. She knew he would be gentle, and she reached down to feel the cock sitting in her pussy. It was rock hard, and she felt the veins on it. He was now pushing it in and pulling it out slightly. She felt it slide back and forth through her fingers. Each time he pushed he went deeper. She felt herself opening up to him slowly and then he pushed hard and deep. She bit her lip to not scream as her virginity was shredded. He went in deep, and she felt full. It was still a little painful, but he was sliding in and out quickly now and it felt wonderful. He was still holding her leg up and really fucking her hard. She felt her boobs bouncing as he pounded her. It was starting to feel really good as her body hummed with excitement. She was getting fucked! He was so big and powerful. She felt like a rag doll under him as he powered in and out of her. He groaned and pushed in really deep. She felt him shiver and then she felt his cock pulse deep inside her. Her mind came to reality for a second and realized they did not use any birth control. Fuck, she thought, she had brought some condoms, but god knows where they were now. Why didn’t he stop and check with her? She felt him drop her leg and slip out of her. She felt the wetness between her legs as they closed. He wrapped his arm around her and pulled her close again. She felt his limp wet cock against the back of her thighs. She closed her eyes and felt like a woman. She held onto his strong arm as she fell asleep.

Her eyes snapped open, and she realized she had to pee again. She slid out of his arms and crawled out of the tent. Her lower body was sore and throbbing. She stood up and realized she was naked. Shit, she couldn’t go back to the bathroom naked. She knelt back down and tried to find any of her clothes. She couldn’t find them anywhere; it was too dark, and the blankets were all messed up. She looked around and then stood up and walked out of the tent. It was still really dark. She sure wasn’t going to try the bathroom again, especially now that she had nothing on. She walked around the tent and moved a little way into the woods and moved close to a tree. She squatted and her bladder emptied immediately. Luckily the ground was sloping away from her and their campground as she saw her pee flow down. That was lucky. She finished and stood up, she wobbled a little from the alcohol and the soreness of her young body. She held onto the tree and tried to breathe deep to clear her head. Her pussy ached, she reached down and rubbed her hand across the soft hair and smooth skin. She felt wetness and remembered that they had not used a condom. She felt a little pang of fear and then the alcohol convinced her it would be fine. She was not a virgin anymore. She felt so grown up and wondered how Kevin would feel. She wondered if he would love her as much as she loved him right now.

She looked over and could not see the tents, it was so freaking dark. She wandered forward a little and noticed a red glow. She moved towards it and found herself standing naked next to their smoldering campfire. She turned toward her tent and wobbled over. She dropped to her knees and crawled in. She slid in next to Kevin and snuggled up to him. She pulled his arm over her body and fell asleep quickly.

The sounds of the woods woke Alexis early in the morning. Her head was pounding, and she had to pee again. Why was her bladder so small? She realized she was naked and then remembered the loss of her virginity. She hugged his arm as the memory of his cock sliding into her ran across her mind. He moved and then hugged her.

“Good morning, sexy. You are so hot.” Kevin whispered and ran his hand down her side.

“Good morning, sweetie.” She said and tuned her head to kiss him.

“Wow, you are fucking beautiful.” Kevin said as she turned onto her back.

He ran his hands over her belly and then over her breasts, her nipples hardening.

“Baby, I want you so bad.” Kevin said and ran his hand down her body and brushed the soft hair over her pussy.

“I know sweetie, but I have to pee really bad.” Alexis said and sat up.

“Ok, but hurry back.” Kevin said.

Alexis looked around the tent and saw her panties. She slipped them on and looked for her sweatpants. She could not find them, so she grabbed a pair of shorts and slipped them on. She found her tank top and pulled it on. She got up on her knees and looked at Kevin, he was staring at her.

“I love watching you get dressed almost as much as I liked watching you get naked.” He said.

“You are funny.” She said and knelt down to kiss him.

“Nice boobs babe.” He said and pinched her nipple gently.

She pulled away and crawled out of the tent. She stood up outside and stretched. She was chilled a little in her small tank top and shorts. The shorts were small and showed a lot of her pretty legs. She started walking towards the bathrooms. She remembered last night and chuckled that she had gone to the bathroom without a shirt. Then she remembered the two young boys and blushed a little.

She walked into the bathroom, slid down her shorts and panties and sat on the cold toilet. She felt her bladder start to empty and it felt so good.

“That is her, I told you.” She heard a voice and looked up to see three boys staring at her. She remembered the younger two from last night and the third boy looked to be around 17 or 18.

“You guys are liars.” The older boy said.

“We are not, she was here just like this just without a shirt.” One of the young ones said.

“Yeah, she didn’t have a shirt and then she showed us her pussy. It had dark hair.” The other young one said.

Alexis looked up at them and blushed deep red. She looked at the three boys and they were all smiling.

“So, are they lying?” The older boy asked her.

Alexis looked at them all and then slowly shook her head back and forth.

“Well, I will be damn. So, will you show us now?” The older one said.

“Absolutely not, will you just go away?” Alexis said.

“Well, you see, we would like to, but my younger brothers are sort of blabbermouths and they wanted to tell everyone that would listen about their little adventure. I convinced them to wait, I really thought they were full of shit. Now that I know they are telling the truth I could let them start to tell their story.” The older boy said.

Alexis felt the fear rip through her as she thought of everyone in the campground hearing the story of the naked girl in the bathroom.

“Unless of course you convince me to make them not do that.” The older boy said.

She took a deep breath.

“How would I do that?” Alexis asked.

“Well, you can start by pulling off that shirt, you didn’t need it last night.” He said and the two young boys giggled.

“No, please leave me alone.” Alexis begged.

“Ok, boys, you can go tell everyone. Make sure you go down the trail and let everyone know what her pussy looks like.” He said and the two boys smiled.

They turned to leave.

“Wait!” Alexis said and the two boys froze.

The older boy looked at her and smiled.

“What do I have to do?” Alexis said in a soft voice.

“Give me the shirt. Then you show us everything. Once we are satisfied, I will give you your shirt and promise it will stay our secret.” The older boy said.

Alexis thought for a minute and then slowly pulled her tank top off and handed it to the older boy. Her little nipples stiffened in the chilly air. She saw three sets of eyes staring at her. She took a deep breath.

“Very nice tits girl.” The older boy said.

“See, told you Tommy.” One of the young boys said and the older boy smiled and ruffled his hair.

“Yes, you did, and you were right. They are very nice, not huge and saggy but nice and firm I think you said.” The older boy said and chuckled.

Alexis felt so strange sitting on the toilet, her shorts and panties around her ankles and her boobs out in the open.

“When you are done you can just stand up but leave your stuff down.” The older boy said.

Alexis sighed and reached for the toilet paper. She wiped herself and then stood up slowly.

“See, dark hair, told you.” The young one said.

“Holy fuck! You have a rocking body little girl. How old are you?” The older boy said.

“15.” Alexis said softly.

“Son of a bitch, you are fucking hot and only 15! That is amazing.” The older one said.

“Can I leave now?” Alexis asked and covered her breasts with her arms.

“Almost, you see I need to reward my little brothers for telling the truth. They tend to lie a little and I want to reinforce their truthfulness.” The older boy said.

“What do you mean?” Alexis said, starting to feel strange standing naked in a camp bathroom.

“I think I need to let them feel their first boobs. What do you say boys?” The older one said and the two little ones both nodded aggressively.

Alexis looked at him, starting to get angry.

“Relax girl, I am sure they will not be the first ones to fondle those puppies. It will not kill you and then you can go.” He said.

Alexis knew he was right, but he didn’t need to know the first time was last night. At least Kevin was the first one. She took a deep breath and nodded, dropping her arms.

The two boys stepped forward and each touched a boob. They were very gentle at first, rubbing and squeezing gently. Then they touched her nipples, and she bit her lip. They squeezed a little harder and she flinched.

“Boys, be gentle.” The older boy said and smiled as his two little brothers rubbed Alexis’ young boobs.

Alexis closed her eyes and let them continue. They fondled her for a minute or so.

“Ok, boys, that is enough.” The older boy said, and Alexis opened her eyes.

She saw the older boy holding his phone out and she panicked. She froze and then felt little fingers touch her pussy. She stood still for a few seconds as she stared at the phone and then slapped their hands away. They stepped back and giggled. She reached down and pulled up her panties and shorts. She put her arm over her chest.

“That is enough, give me my shirt.” Alexis said.

“Certainly, a deal is a deal.” He said and stepped back into the bathroom.

He held out her shirt and walked backwards. Alexis stepped forward and he kept going backwards. They were in the middle of the bathroom and then he held her shirt over his head. She looked at him.

“You have to work a little, you were the one naked in the bathroom after all.” He said and held her shirt up at arm’s length.

Alexis looked at him, he was taller than her, but she felt she could jump and get her shirt. She lunged up but he kept it just out of her reach. She tried again but he kept it just a little too high.

“Please?” She said.

“All you have to do baby is to jump with both hands.” He said and smiled.

She took a deep breath and then jumped up with both hands. She felt her boobs bounce but she still came up short. She jumped again and then again and grabbed it. She knew her boobs bounced around a lot, but she figured they had seen them already. She pulled on her shirt and looked over to see one of the young boys holding out a phone.

“Hey, what is he doing?” She said.

“He is just recording some really hot action, that’s all. But we will keep our word and keep this a secret.” The older boy said.

Alexis turned and walked out the door.

“Maybe we will see you around sweetie.” She heard as she walked away.

Alexis walked back to her campsite slowly, trying to slow her breathing and calm her nerves. She hoped they would keep their word, but she knew they would watch the videos of her naked and jumping probably for the rest of their lives. Hopefully she would never see them again. She walked into the campsite and Kevin was sitting on a log near the fire. Her mom was sitting in a chair across from him.

She walked over and sat next to Kevin. He put his strong arm around her, and she felt better instantly.

“Feel better baby?” Kevin asked.

“Yes, much better.” She answered realizing he had no idea why.

“Did you guys sleep well?” her mom asked.

“Yes, very well.” Alexis said and looked at Kevin and smiled.

He looked back at her with an innocent smile and she chuckled. He was so cute. She remembered his strong hands on her hips as he drove his hard cock deep into her small body. She shivered as she remembered the feeling of fullness as he took her cherry. She snuggled closer to him and he squeezed her.

“I slept like shit. I couldn’t get comfortable and your father snores like a lion when he is drunk. I ended up sleeping in the car.” Her mom said and took a drink of coffee.

“Speak for yourself, you are pretty frisky when you are drunk as well.” Alexis looked up to see her father standing in front of his tent.

He had on a pair of shorts and a t-shirt. She admired how big and strong he was. He walked up behind her mom and reached over and grabbed her through her sweatshirt. Her mom slapped his hands away.

“Stop it, the kids are here.” Her mom said.

“Yeah, sorry kids.” He said and smiled.

“I have to pee like a racehorse.” Her dad said.

“That is lovely to hear first thing in the morning.” Her mom said.

“I know right? You left these in the sleeping bag.” He said.

He dropped some pants on her shoulder and then turned to walk towards the bathroom. They all watched him walk away down the trail. Alexis looked back and her mom grabbed the pants and looked at them. She tossed them to Alexis.

“These are not mine; they must be yours honey.” Her mom said and tossed them to her.

Her mind was slow to process but something seemed wrong. Why were her sweatpants in her dad’s tent? She slowly remembered going to the bathroom wearing them last night and running into those horrible little boys. Her mind snapped as she put everything together. The strong hands, the huge cock that tore into her virginity, the cum that was dumped deep into her young body. She started to breath fast and felt her heart start racing. Kevin hugged her and pushed the hair off her face.

“Are you ok baby?” He asked sweetly and she saw the concern on his face.

No, she was not ok but what could she say? She could not tell him or anyone for that matter. She wrapped her arms around herself and started to rock as her mind struggled. Kevin hugged her as she rocked, and a small warrior swam deep in her young body and punched a hole into one of her fertile eggs.
