Ever since I started reading Human Digest.... I was obsessed with the aunt stories index...... I have had an obsession for my aunt and generally for sex since a long time...my imagination is very strong which helps me most of the time......

my aunt is a typical malayalee...and is my fathers, brothers wife...and is educated...she has a vey huge ass and boobs which can make any body's knees go weak. I used to look at her especially when we used to go out...

she used to wear sexy lipstick and looked perfect to fuck.....She lives in mumbai with her husband....who fights with her very often.....she has two kids and im pretty sure that she never had sex with uncle after the birth of her second son......

she used to seem pretty lonely and depressed and she loved my company because I made her laugh a lot and never made her feel bored.....so after my 12th boards... I had to stay with her in mumbai as my parents shifted to delhi and uncle never stayed much at home...

always into work tours...... I never had a clue how to tell her that I always fantasized about her and wanted to have sex with her.....so I made a plan..... I struck up a conversation about how the guys in my school always were into blue films....."blue films"?????

wats that she asked????i was surprisd... I told her that it was pornography...then she understood........ I then asked her whether she had ever seen these films...she said no.... I asked her wherther she never felt curious about what was in them????

she asked me why I wanted to know all this.... I told her that I also saw blue films and that I had some cd's with me.....as it was afternoon there was no one in the house other than me and her...uncle was in the office and the kids at school....

so she told me to draw he curtains and put the cd's so that she could see what was it all bout.....the first cd was with the sania mirza lookalike...and she enjoyed a lot... I asked her whether uncle ever did any of this with her...and she said no...

I also asked her whether she wanted to feel horny as that's why everyone see's such films......she said yes...so I told her to remove her salwar kameez...she obeyed...then I told her to put her finger in her cunt and to finger her clitoris.....

she started humming and told me that it was a good idea......then I slowly removed mypants revealingmy cock and when she saw it she exclaimed that it was rather huge for a 19 year old...... I started to masterbate....and saw that she was masterbating too....

then I sat next to her on the sofa and touched my dick onto her huge soft boobs....ohh it felt too good... I started to lick her nipples through her bra.....and she liked it...she started moaning and told that the last time it was her kid who sucked it......

then I moved down and saw her hairy pussy...which made me more erotic.... I slipped my toungue into it and started to lick it....she saterted to moan and told me not to stop.... I sunk my toungue deeper ocassionaly slipping my finger also into it......

her pussy became wet and she started to moan louder....she told me that we can go to the bedroom.... I stood up and followed her into the bedroom.....there shee turned on the A.C. and then I climbed on top of her and kissed

her deeply inserting my toungue deep into her mouth....she had some lipstick which spread over to her cheeks........ I kissed her again and again....and she kissed me back.... I then started to lick her pussy again and again.....and she moaned.

Then she had her first orgasm...after a couple of minutes.....she moaned likea btch and I slapped her butt hard.......then I proceded to insert my throbbing cock deepinto her wet bit hairy pussy and fucked her back and forth......

she started to cry with pain...although her pussy was a bit big.... It was still tight enough... I went in and out... In and out until I cummed all into her sexy pink pussy...... I lay next to her and kissed her again...... I put my fingers into her pussy again and again.........

we lay around for sometime...sweating inspite of the A.C.....after sometime I kissed her again and I got an erection again this time I put it into her mouth...she laughed and asked me what I was doin....amazed at her innocence and turned on by her sexy laugh....

I jammed my cock more deeply into her mouth and she sucked it like a baby...makin sputtering noises......atlast I cummed into her mouth and she drank most of my cum dropping some of it on her lips and cheeks........

she told me that this was the best fuck she ever had in her life and that I should have told her earlier about my fantasies....we still have make out sessions like this and most of the time I have her choking over my cum.....and it feels good to know that your aunt is ur sex slave.



