Viewing Platform
by Slightlyracy

What a lovely view.

Viewing Platform Ch. 01

"It's a deal," declared Jessica.

"Yeah, right." I responded. "You will chicken out or conveniently forget all about it."

"Nope, it's a promise. We will make each other come at our favorite viewing platform in the park."

"We're talking about two months from now."

"I won't forget."

"We'll see."

I was certainly looking forward to our camping trip. For years I had fantasized about that very spot. A beautiful lookout over a marsh that was filled with singing birds and an occasional elk herd. It was about 50 feet off the main trail and a favorite stop on our morning bike ride. A time to rest and finish our coffee.

I had once asked her to show me her boobs there and was met with a resounding "NO!" That was not the sort of thing she was into. "Too close to the trail," she claimed. On a few occasions I had talked her into fooling around at more remote places in the huge park, but over the years she had become less and less willing to indulge my fantasies.

Was this the time she would relent? I certainly hoped so.

While packing my clothes for the trip, I stashed a few things for Jessica that I knew she wouldn't think of taking. A couple of skirts, a pair of lightweight leggings, a sheer white button up shirt, some thong panties, a front clasp sheer bra and a small vibrator.

We arrived at our campsite and hooked up the trailer and set up our home for the next 5 days. We had plenty of time before the evening meal, so we hopped on our bicycles for a quick tour. About one mile into the ride, we arrived at the viewing platform. I turned off the main trail and parked my bike. She did the same. Since it was late afternoon, it was in the shade and the birds were quiet. We did hear a marsh wren or two, but couldn't spot them.

"I sure love this spot," I commented.

"Me too."

We shared sips from the water bottle and enjoyed the solitude.

Ten minutes later Jessica returned to our bikes. "We have time to check out the old fort."

We hopped on and pedaled to the fort. While there we enjoyed the swooping barn swallows for a few minutes and then rode back to our campsite.

It was now happy hour, so I mixed a gin and tonic for Jessica and vodka rocks with lime for me. I made hers a bit stronger than usual. The five hour drive to the campground and the bike ride combined to give Jess a quick buzz from the drink.

"Do you remember the deal we made a few months ago?"

"Hmmmmm?"

"The one about our morning viewing platform. I said you would either forget or chicken out. Do you remember now?"

"Vaguely..... Are you seriously thinking we should do that?"

"Heck yes! It will be fun."

"I think it's too risky."

"What's the risk?"

"Someone might see us."

"We will see them first."

"But we might not."

"Are you chickening out?"

"Hmmmm..."

"Told you so. I should have threatened you with consequences if you bailed on the deal."

"Consequences? Like what?"

"Well maybe if you reneged you would have to go commando for the rest of the camping trip."

"Like that will happen."

I decided to drop the subject. For now. Meanwhile, while she wasn't looking, I placed the items I had packed for her on the top of her clothes drawer.

After a lovely dinner - shrimp, rice, rose wine and kale salad, we sat by the fire and enjoyed the (thankfully) quiet campsite. As is our habit when we camp, we went inside shortly after dark. We like to sleep early and get up with the sun.

"What's this?" Jessica asked.

"Oh, I packed a few things that you had forgotten."

"Do you expect me to ride a bike in a skirt?"

"That's what the leggings are for. You will be fully covered."

"And the thong?"

"Well, I guess you won't need it with those leggings."

"You have really thought this through, haven't you?"

"Don't forget the front loader and the wispy top."

"You are perverted!"

"Maybe. Or maybe I just like to hopefully plan ahead. You know, like hoping you would wear those things on our morning bike ride. You could lift your skirt and drop your pants and I could make you come. If anyone showed up, we could quickly hide your goods."

Jessica didn't say anything. She had a far away look in her eyes as she pictured the scenario.

"Sound exciting?" I asked.

"Well..... maybe a little."

She had changed into her sleep shirt while we had been talking.

"Your nipples show that it might be more than a little exciting."

She looked down at her protruding nubs and turned a bit red.

"It's just cold in here."

"Yeah right."

The subject was dropped as we settled into bed to read for awhile. Jess turned her kindle off and kissed me good night. I read for another half hour then did the same.

We woke up early as usual. Jess headed to the bathroom while I put the kettle on to heat the coffee water. Then I got out the melitta and put in the filter and added some fresh ground coffee. It was my turn in the bathroom while Jess brewed the coffee. When I left the bathroom I noticed that Jess had put the skirt and leggings on. Instead of the flimsy top, she had a full zip tight top that doubled as a rash guard for snorkeling.

"Wow! You look fantastic. Such lovely long legs."

She responded by lowering the zipper, exposing a lot of cleavage.

"Damn that's hot!" I exclaimed.

We sat down and had a cup of brew along with a scone. Then we poured more coffee into our travel mugs and hopped on the bikes.

It was a beautiful morning, promising to be a hot day.

We pulled into the path to the viewing platform and, at my suggestion, left the bike in the middle of the path, about 15 feet from the platform. That way, they would slow down anyone attempting to join us. We grabbed our coffees and looked out over the marsh. Two white tailed deer meandered along the opposite edge of the marsh. Red Wing Blackbirds called out to each other. A Bald Eagle the flew over, rendering total silence from the birds.

I toasted Jess with my cup and looked her over. She had lowered her zipper again, exposing her push up front loading bra.

"You should let the girls out," I suggested.

She undid the front clasp and I pulled the cups aside. I bent over and gently kissed her nipples. They hardened up quickly. She let out a quiet moan. I sat her down on the bench with her back to the trail.

"I'll keep both an ear and an eye out for visitors," I assured her.

Then I lifted her skirt and reached to each side of her leggings. She raised her hips and I pulled them down to below her knees. Another pleasant surprise. No underwear. Another pleasant surprise. Her lips were quite moist from excitement. Now it was my turn for a surprise. I pulled out the small vibrator and ran it along her shiny lips. Another moan from Jess. She was so wet that I slid it into her with no resistance. I turned it on low and she moaned a bit louder while she started pinching her nipples. I had never seen her get this excited this fast.

Just then we heard noises from the main path.

"Uh oh."

Jess quickly pulled up her leggings and zipped up her top. She had just enough time to lower her zipper and straighten out her bra, but no time to do the clasp.

A young couple approached our hideaway.

"See anything interesting?" the young lady asked.

"Uh, yes we have," I responded. Jessica looked at me and tried to hide her smile. "A few deer and a variety of birds until an eagle flew over and scared them into hiding."

"Cool!" said the young man. "Are you bird watchers?"

"She is. I just like to take pictures of them. She knows what they are."

The both laughed and headed back to the main trail.

"Have a great day!"

"You too."

After they had left, I looked over at Jess. Her face was bright red and she was breathing in short gasps. As I watched, she scrunched up her face and let out a muffled groan. She was coming! And coming. And coming. Finally she collapsed into post orgasmic bliss. She feebly reached up her skirt and pulled her legging down far enough to remove the still vibrating minidick.

"That! Was incredible," she exclaimed. "My best orgasms ever."

"More than one?"

"I came while they were here. It was all I could do to keep a straight face."

"Holy shit! I wish I had watched you more closely, I missed it completely."

"I don't think she did. We made eye contact and she seemed to understand what was happening. Did you notice her herding her husband away? I appreciated it at the time."

"That is so damn hot. What a way to start the day!"

"We're not done," she purred. She reached out and unzipped my shorts, exposing my painfully erect penis. "Your turn."

I was so worked up that I was ready to come almost immediately. My groans warned her of my coming eruption. But she didn't pull away as she always had. She kept bobbing on my dick until I exploded with loud yell. She held on until I was spent. Then she calmly got up and walked to the bikes to grab a water bottle. She spit my come out and rinsed out her mouth multiple times. She had never before let me come in her mouth. The feeling was exquisite.

I was speechless.

"You know that commando threat you made earlier? I'm in."


Viewing Platform Ch. 02

When will it end?

After she thoroughly rinsed her mouth for the second time, Jessica rearranged her clothing to modesty and sat down beside me on the bench. She seemed a little bit restless, like she couldn't get comfortable on the bench.

"Jess, that was incredible, what got into you?"

"Well, I've never tried, and I was still quite horny so I figured what the hell. It wasn't as bad as I thought it might be, but I still couldn't bring myself to swallow."

"No protein breakfast for you?"

"Is there protein in come?"

"I have no idea."

We both had a laugh. Jessica's laugh changed to a brief squeak.

"Are you okay?"

"I'm fine. It seems like my nipples are extremely sensitive right now. They just shot a jolt right down to my ......... pussy."

"Yikes! I though you didn't like that term."

"For some reason it seemed appropriate. My.... pussy and my boobs seem to be on hyper alert right now."

"Do you mean that you are a bit horny?"

"No. A LOT horny."

She lifted her skirt and exposed the wet spot on her leggings. A very large wet spot.

"Wow! I've never seen you that wet."

"Let's just sit here for awhile until I calm down. Then we need to pedal back and have some breakfast."

My mind was racing, trying to process her state of horniness. It had never happened like this in our thirty years of marriage. We sat there for about ten minutes, looking at the valley and the birds that passed by. Jessica continued to be unsettled on the bench.

"Are you okay?" I asked again.

"I've never felt like this before. It's all I can do to stop from touching myself."

"Wellll... if you've got an itch, scratch it."

She laughed then reached down to massage her crotch. As I watched, she started rubbing harder and squeezed a nipple with her other hand. As soon as her hand squeezed her other nipple her back arched and she came violently. She tried to keep her voice down, but she still let out a loud gasp at exactly the same time as a group of cyclists raced by on the nearby trail. They were moving fast, but they must have heard her. I half expected them to circle back.

"Holy crap! You came fast and hard! Was it as intense as it looked?"

"Yes. It was. I don't know what's come over me."

I laughed at her unintentional pun.

"What's so funny?"

"Your use of the word come."

She laughed weakly. "So I used the word correctly."

"You certainly did. Are you ready to go back to the trailer?"

"Yes. Let's."

We gathered our things, stowed them on the bikes then put on our gloves and helmets. I went first and established a leisurely pace for the fifteen minute ride back to the campsite. I kept an eye on Jessica as we rode. Her pace was sporadic. She fell behind, then raced to catch up twice on the way back. When we arrived at the campsite, I began to remove my helmet and empty our bike bags.

"Hurry up, open the door," Jessica demanded.

So I quickly unlocked the door. Jessica went inside immediately with her gloves and helmet still on. Shaking my head, unloaded things and locked the bikes to the back fender of the trailer. Then I went inside with our things.

There was Jessica, sitting on a towel at our dining table, stark naked.

"Look."

"Oh, I am most certainly am. Would you like me to close the blinds?"

She looked at the windows and realized she was on full display. That is, if someone happened to walk by. She quickly lowered the blinds and sat back down.

"Look," she said again.

I inspected her more closely. Her nipples were rock hard. The towel already had a wet spot. Her usually small pussy lips were enlarged, bright pink and shiny wet. Her clitoris, which is sometimes hard to find was standing out farther than I had ever seen.

"You look so damn sexy!"

"It won't stop!" she blurted. "I came twice on the ride back. I nearly fell off my bike! What is wrong with me?"

I wanted to say not a damn thing, but she was getting visibly upset.

"Is there anything I can do?"

"Yes! There is!" She turned toward me and opened her legs. "Eat me now!"

Now that was something she had never said before. I immediately got down on my knees and slowly licked her from the bottom to the top off her slit. She jerked when my tongue touched her clit. I flicked my tongue all around but not directly on her hard clit. Her juices were flowing and her squirming made it difficult to do anything but keep licking, wherever my tongue might land. I took two fingers and inserted them into her slippery vagina, searching for her g spot. I must have found it because she groaned and came again. She ground her crotch into my face while I held on and kept licking. She kept squirming and coming. I seemed to last for minutes, but I can't be sure. Finally, she collapsed in euphoric exhaustion.

I pulled back and she just lay there with her legs still spread. The towel was soaked. Her pussy was pulsing. I looked at her and she looked back with almost closed eyes.

"God that was amazing," she said.

"You are amazing."

"I'm scared."

"Huh?"

"I've come like 10 times in the last hour. And I'm still horny. What on earth is going on?"

"I have no idea. Maybe you should take a shower to cool off?"

"Good idea." She slowly got up and staggered to the bathroom.

As soon as I heard the shower come on, I reached for my phone and did a web search for continuous orgasms.

Huh. It was a thing. I looked at several sites to find out more. These spells can last hours and sometimes even days. Exhaustion is usually end result. Since Jessica is healthy and in good shape, she was at not risk of any bad side effects. Relieved, I waited for her to finish her shower. It's a good thing we had a full hookup for the trailer, because she took a long shower.

When she finally came out, she was still stark naked. Her nipples were hard as can be. Her clit was still standing proudly.

"I tried to put on a bra, but my nipples are just too sensitive. Mind if I stay naked for awhile?"

"I would never complain about that. I did some online checking. What you are experiencing is uncommon but normal. The only risk is exhaustion and soreness."

Jessica seemed relieved at my information.

"I'll make us breakfast to distract myself."

"Good idea."

She proceeded to make a fine breakfast. Hash browns, eggs and a few slices of precooked bacon. While she was cooking, I got a fresh towel for her to sit on. Then I watched her in horny admiration. My cock was hard and dripping, leaving a wet spot on my shorts. I looked at her closely. Her nips were still at attention. I couldn't see her front, but I did notice the juices running down her leg. She's still on fire, I thought.

Jessica brought the plates to the table along with two cups of coffee.

"Thanks for the fresh towel. I used the hand held in the shower and came twice more. I think I ran us out of hot water."

"No problem. I hear the water heater doing its thing right now. It doesn't look like you are over your, um, what should we call it?"

"I'm not over it, and I have no idea what to call it. It's like I have been on the verge of orgasm for hours. It's both good and bad."

"What can I do to help?" I asked.

"As soon as we're done with breakfast, you can bend me over the table and fuck me."

More shocking words from my usually demure wife.

"I changed my mind, fuck me now." She demanded as she stood up and bent over the table, not bothering to remove the plates.

I got up, dropped by shorts and stepped up behind her. Her butt was in the air and her dripping pussy was fully exposed. Not bothering with foreplay, I rammed my average sized dick into her as deep as I could go. She grunted and moaned as I worked myself in and out. The juicy smack was loud. She raised her torso onto her elbows and demanded that I squeeze her boobs. They were slick with egg yolk which I rubbed onto her tender flesh. Her boobs were bouncing, I was pinching, her pussy was slurping and I was fast approaching my own orgasm. Then I pulled one hand away from her tit and smacked her butt. The result was instantaneous. Her pussy clenched tight and squeezed my pounding dick. We both exploded at the same time. Another first. I pumped for as long as I could while her pussy held me tight. Soon it became too much and I pulled out with a sloppy pop. Our mingled come plopped onto the floor. Jessica half fell onto the seat exposing her leaking vagina, her ever present clit and the food on her boobs. It created a wildly erotic picture.

I grabbed a paper towel and cleaned up the floor.

"Do you want me to grab a washcloth to clean your tits?"

"No, lick them off before it dries on."

"You betcha!" I exclaimed.

I proceeded to lick and suck until her boobs were clean. Then I kept licking and tweaking her rock hard nipples. She reached down to her swollen, gaping pussy and brought herself off.... again. This time her orgasm was quieter.

"I exhaustion finally kicking in?" I asked.

"Yes, I'm exhausted, but no, I'm still horny. Time for another shower."

I cleaned things up while she showered. Things were tidy when she came out. This time she had a bra on and nothing else. She then put on a skirt that came to just above her knees and a loose top that she buttoned up carefully, leaving the top three buttons open.

"I'm going to try to be normal now even though I'm not."

She rinsed out the two wet towels and stepped out of the trailer to hang them on the line. I followed her out and sat in one of our folding chairs. She sat across from me with her back facing the road.

"How are you feeling?" I asked.

"It's bizarre. I feel like a hormone crazed teenager. Or maybe a nymphomaniac? I never thought they really existed. But I do now."

"I'm here for you hon, as long as I can last."

She smiled sexily and opened her legs to show my her still wet pussy and yes, her clit was still outstanding.

"Hi there!" a call came from behind her.

Jessica snapped her legs shut.

"It looks like we're neighbors."

It was the girl we met at the viewpoint.


Viewing Platform Ch. 03

Trudy appears.

"Oh hi!" responded Jessica. "You were at our favorite viewing platform this morning."

"I hope we weren't interrupting anything."

Jessica blushed deeply and squirmed in her chair.

"Hey, it's a public park. We don't own that place," answered Jessica, avoiding the question.

"Well, my name is Trudy, I'm camped right next door."

"I'm Jessica, and this is Max."

I nodded and said hello.

"You said I'm camping. What happened to your partner?"

"Oh, he's my boyfriend and just got called back to work for an emergency. He is a nursing home director and just found out they are having a short notice inspection of the facility tomorrow. I'm hoping he will be back in a couple of days. Meanwhile, I get to relax by myself."

"That's too bad. Perhaps you would like to relax with a glass of wine. Max was just about to open a bottle of dry rose."

"Yes! I'd love to have a glass. It's a bit early, but it sounds perfect right now."

I got up to get the wine. I was a bit surprised that Jess would be open to have company in her current state.

Trudy was a very attractive redhead, probably in her mid thirties. She had a lovely smile and a smattering of freckles on her nose and cheeks. About five foot five with a curvy figure. Not skinny, more on the voluptuous side. She wore a button up shirt that showed a bit of cleavage and more freckles. It was long enough to cover the details of her tight yoga pants.

When I returned with the two glasses, the ladies were deep in conversation. Trudy was sitting in my chair so I handed them their glasses and went to fetch another chair. As I sat down beside Jessica, she turned and said, "Could you make us a cheese board? Us girls have a lot to talk about."

"Okay... How long should I take?"

"Half an hour."

"No problem."

"Enjoy your conversation."

"Jessica turned to Trudy and said, "I'll be back in 5." Then she followed me into the trailer.

"What? You don't think I can make a cheese board?"

"No, I'm about ready to explode. I need release."

"Won't Trudy hear?"

"Probably."

"Huh?"

"Don't worry, she is a nurse and I shared my predicament with her."

"Yikes, that's baring your soul quickly."

"Shut up and lick."

"Boobs first?"

"No, I'll take care of that. I'm so close that this should only take a minute or two."

She went to the bed, lifted her skirt then spread her legs. I got another towel to slip under her. She raised her butt off the bed while I slipped the towel in, simultaneously licking her dripping lips. She raised her hips higher and ground her sex into my face. My hands went under her ass to help hold her up and I began to circle her clit with my tongue. She bucked her hips up and down and literally fucked my face. After a few gyrations, I pulled her clit between my lips and sucked. She came instantly, trying unsuccessfully to keep her voice down. I kept sucking until she finally lowered herself to the bed.

"Best one yet." she declared.

Surprisingly, she quickly stood up and wiped her crotch with the towel.

"I'll take this with me to clean up my chair."

Then she opened the door and stepped outside. Before the door closed, I heard Trudy say "Holy shit! You weren't kidding!"

I went to the fridge to pull out the cheese. I wanted it to be warm when served. I could almost make out the words of the two ladies talking, and since they wanted privacy, I put some music on the sound system. Some light jazz that covered up their conversation.

A Kindle book filled in the time before I put the cheese board together. Three types of cheese, crackers, pecans, dried fruit and some sliced salami.

When the half hour was up, I made a point of being noisy so I wouldn't startle them.

I placed the board on the table and went back to get the wine. When I returned, I noticed that Trudy had tears in her eyes.

"Is everything okay?" I asked.

Jessica answered for her. "She just got a call from her so-called boyfriend. He told her that he would be back to pick up the trailer at the end of the week. Then he told her that he wanted to end their relationship."

"He told her over the phone? What a chickenshit asshole."

"I agree," said a sniffling Trudy.

"Would you care for something stronger than wine Trudy? I've got some nice single malt."

"Bring out the bottle and three glasses," Jessica instructed.

"Will do."

After pouring the glasses, I raised my glass for a toast. "May your ex flunk his inspection!" It was a poor attempt at lightening the moment.

Trudy smiled sadly. "Fuck you Brad!" She exclaimed.

We all raised our glasses and said "Fuck you Brad" loudly.

Trudy downed hers in one gulp, so I poured her another.

"Brad's behavior almost got me off my frenzy. But not quite. Sorry Trudy, but I need to scratch my itch."

Trudy actually laughed a bit. "You two go inside. Do you mind if I wait out here and nurse my scotch?"

I got up and helped Jess get out of her chair. Yup, it was wet. Trudy whispered something in Jessica's ear, which seemed to startle her.

"I think I need a distraction," mumbled Trudy.

Jessica paused for a moment, then nodded to Trudy.

"As long as Max doesn't mind."

"As long as I don't mind what?"

"Trudy wants to watch."

"Say what?"

"Are you okay with that?"

"Are you?"

"Uh...... we've never had an audience."

"I've never been this horny for this long."

"Oooookayyy... what did you have in mind?"

"I want it fast and hard, from behind and I want it now!"

Her statement sent a jolt right to my rapidly inflating prick. Trudy looked both embarrassed and intrigued. Jesssica took my hand and led the three of us into the trailer. Before the door was closed she began to strip off her clothes. Soon she was naked on the bed on her hands and knees with her ass pointed in my direction.

I looked behind me and saw that face flushed Trudy was staring at Jessica's swollen and glistening pussy. She stepped back to give me room to strip down, which I did in a hurry. My next look at her showed her staring at my raging hard on. Wasting no time, I crawled up behind Jessica and slowly inserted my dick into her wet, waiting tunnel.

"Fast and hard!" she cried.

I rammed into her full and hard. Her body shook and her big boobs bounced. I tried to establish a rhythm but Jess was slamming her ass into me with abandon. All I could do was hold on and ride. I glanced at Trudy. She had moved closer for a better view of my dick pumping in and out of Jessica's pulsing lips. She had her hand down her pants and was stroking herself. We made eye contact and she smiled. Then she dropped her hands and lowered her yoga pants down to her knees, exposing a slightly trimmed red bush to match her hair. She returned her stare to our coupling and pushed three fingers into her pussy while rubbing her clit with her other hand. I returned my attention to my wife. At that moment, she arched her back and squeezed my dick tightly.

"Yaaaaaah!" she screamed as she came violently. Her pussy was like a pulsating vice. It was almost painful. It also sent me over the top and I came along with her. We both nearly collapsed in the aftermath.

"Gawd that was hot," said Trudy.

I looked over to her. She was bucking her hips to the rhythm of her three fingers. I glanced at Jess. She was watching Trudy pounding away.

"Pinch her nipples." Said Jessica.

I looked over to her.

"Just do it!" she ordered. I pulled out and reached for Trudy's tits.

"Yes please!" Trudy commanded. "I'm looking at Jessica's dripping pussy. Pinch me. Make me come."

I lifted Trudy's top and massaged her bra covered tits. All it took was one squeeze of her nipples.

"Oh my gawd!" Trudy screamed.

She was a squirter. Liquid shot out from between her fingers, running down her legs and onto the floor. Just when I thought she was done, she contracted once more. Her juices shot out and coated my thigh, just below my dick which was getting hard once again.

"Gawd that was hot!" echoed Jessica. "I've heard of it, but never seen a woman squirt."

Trudy looked embarrassed. "I'm sorry. I made a mess."

"Oh honey," said Jessica. "You needed that. Do you feel better?"

"I feel MUCH better, thank you. But I have one more kinky request....... Can I lick you clean?"

I looked at Jess.

She looked at me.

"Please do!"

With her tights still hanging off one of her ankles, Trudy got up on the bad and started to lick Jess from behind. I was absolutely gobsmacked. Jessica's pussy and my come was being licked clean by a hot redhead. My dick stood at attention once again.

"Make me come again," instructed Jessica. "And Max, Trudy needs to come again, she needs it."

"Say what?"

"Just do it."

Trudy had shifted so I was lined up with her soaking pussy.

What could I do? I took in the view of Trudy's gorgeous pussy. My dick was screaming at me to ram it in. But I hesitated. I had never had sex with another woman since we had been married. Not even close. So I reached under her torso and pulled her top again, then pushed the bra up off her boobs. With my left hand I rubbed her boobs and tweaked her nipples. I placed my right hand flat onto her exposed pussy. Trudy pushed back against my flat hand and swirled her hips. Both ladies were groaning and writhing as I pushed two fingers into Trudy's waiting pussy. I used my thumb to spin circles over her clitoris. In perfect unison, Jessica and Trudy moaned loudly and came. Their backs arched and they rode the waves of ecstasy. Trudy gushed all over my hand, Jess grabbed Trudy's head and I nearly came from the spectacle. After one more spasm, both collapsed into post orgasmic bliss. Trudy rolled to the side and fell onto her back beside Jessica.

All I could do was stare at the feast of sexy flesh before me. Totally nude Jess was laying there with her legs spread displaying her gaping lips, still wet from Trudy's mouth. Trudy was on her back, legs spread showing her beautiful swollen lipped pussy. Her top and bra were tucked under her chin, her tights still on one ankle. It was the sexiest thing I had ever seen. Within minutes, both drifted off into a foggy sleep of sexual exhaustion.

I continued to stare for a long time. My cock was still raging hard and demanded release but I decided to wait. Who knows when it might be called upon and I didn't want to disappoint.

I quietly got some paper towels and cleaned up Trudy's juices on the floor before they dried on. The bedsheets would have to wait. Still naked, I went to the dinette and sat down. From my vantage point I could see the side by side pussies. I poured myself another drink and tried to read my kindle. The same sentence over and over because I couldn't keep my eyes off the nearby scene. Eventually my hard on eased so I could put on a pair of shorts.

Instead of reading, I tried to process what had just happened. My wife was stuck in full on horny mode. We screwed for an audience. Another woman licked my wife to orgasm while I used my hands to give a her an orgasm. A lady we had met just a few hours ago. Now both were sleeping with their legs spread for my visual enjoyment.

What a day.

I wonder what's going to happen when they wake up?
