




  =====================================================================
       T H E   H O M E R   V A R G A S   S T O R Y   A R C H I V E
  All stories in this archive are the property of the author.  They may
  be downloaded and read by private citizens.   They are not to be used
  by commercial web sites.    Persons using this material on commercial
  sites will be vigorously pursued by the hounds from hell, or my legal
  team, whichever is deemed necessary.  (These stories were written for
  adult entertainment and should not be accessed by children.)
  =====================================================================







			  Scroll down to view text




Archive name: gfp.txt (FM, FF, MC, B Movie, preg)
Authors name: Homer Vargas
Story title : The Girl from "Principles" 

-----------------------------------------------------
(c) Copyright Homer Vargas - 1998 - This work is
copyrighted to the author, with all rights reserved.
This story may be archived and displayed on non-
commercial web sites without permission, but please
make no chages to the text and do not remove the
author name or address.   Thank you
-----------------------------------------------------

Someone you may remember is back and so is Josh who is
captured by a tribe of sexy women who need his
"services."  Can his his clever, horny wife rescue him?
Does he want to be rescued?




The Girl from "Principles" (FM, FF, MC, B Movie, preg)

by Homer Vargas

Part I

	Hi, again.  You may have heard about me from this nice 
Mr. Vargas.  (No, I'm not going to tell you my name.)  
Several months ago he wrote just what I told him in a story 
he called "Principles" and it came out real nice.  Lots of 
people have said it was good.  He told me that a lady named 
Celeste who does re-views or pre-views -- or something like 
that -- gave it an award, even though she thought the way I 
tricked my husband into getting me pregnant so many times 
was "repulsive."  If you haven't already, maybe you should 
stop now and go read that story at 

http://www.asstr.org/~Vargas/
on Kristen's page, or 
ftp://asstr.org/pub/Authors/Vargas/principl.txt

Otherwise, some of what I am going to let Mr. Vargas tell 
you now won't make much sense.

	Back when I let Mr. Vargas write the first story, 
everything about my life was wonderful.  I had a wonderful 
husband -- my Josh -- who is also a wonderful lover and a 
wonderful daddy to my ten children and father of nine of 
them.  (See, thats what I mean about reading the other 
story first!)  We were living in a beautiful house 
surrounded by flowers in the capital of the South American 
country where Josh worked for a major oil company.  He was 
making sure the company didn't damage the environment as 
they explored for oil.

	Rachel and Courtney were happy in the seventh and 
eighth grades of the International School and FAR too 
popular with the local boys in the grades ahead of them.  
Steve, Roy, Beth, Ruthie, and Jennifer were in elementary 
school and Jeff was in kindergarten.  Billy and Vickie were 
at the adorable rug-rat stage.  Best of all, I had just 
found out Josh had made me pregnant again -- this time with 
no fuss.

	The only problem was that Maria and Consuelo, who help 
me with the house, Rosita, who helps look after the babies, 
and even Lupe, our cook's 18 year-old daughter all got 
pregnant about the same time I did.  I guess it was the 
"dorm room" effect; the menstrual cycles of women who live 
close together become synchronized.  [Thanks for the word, 
Homer.] It didn't take too much detective work to figure 
out who was responsible for all those plump bellies from 
the way that Consuelo, Maria, Rosita, and Lupe mooned at 
Josh every time they saw him and the sheepish glances he 
returned.

	Eventually they all confessed when I made it clear I 
was upset only about their poor timing.  Apparently it 
happened while I was in the hospital for a few days with a 
parasite attack.  (Amazing, Josh goes into the jungle and 
eats snakes and bugs and never comes down with anything.  I 
try to be careful and become food for a zoo of the little 
bichos.)  Josh and I worked out that our Martita was 
conceived the night Josh sneaked in to my hospital room 
after hours.  The nuns who run the place wouldn't let him 
come back again at any hour after they found him in bed 
with me "keeping my spirits up" so well I was screaming at 
the top of my lungs when he made me come.

	Well, while Madam was away, her "faithful employees" 
and Lupe, the little minx, decided to take compassion on my 
poor horny husband (and find out if he was really as good 
in the sack as they could guess from my wild cries of 
passion every night as Josh fucked me).  It wasn't 
difficult.  When Josh goes several days without sex he gets 
preternaturally horny.  [Stop using words like that, 
Homer!]  That's one reason I always try to keep him well 
nailed down -- that, and that I love fucking him.  But 
after our little misadventure in the hospital, Josh was 
high, dry, and spry.  Any woman -- especially those four -- 
could see it.

	Lupe offered to cook that weekend in place of her papa 
who left for his home village.  Josh of course didn't 
notice anything strange when Consuelo and Rosita didn't 
take their usual day off that Saturday.  Josh worked that 
morning, but was home for lunch.  Lupe put on a spread.  
Rosita had bundled the older kids off to their friends' 
houses for the weekend and the babies -- well they were 
there for inspiration, I guess.  Josh, I'm sure, suspected 
nothing, not that he didn't enjoy having three pretty round 
women and one eye-popping girl hovering over him.  He 
probably thought nothing was amiss when he saw them all in 
short flared skirts and ample bosoms showcased in frilly 
blouses.  I'll bet his prick was thinking about it, though.

	Maria, who was orchestrating everything, made sure that 
Josh had a second and then a third glass of wine with his 
lunch.  She even slipped something in the last glass that 
knocked him for a loop.  As soon as he go up from lunch he 
wobbbled, said he guessed he needed a siesta, and headed 
off to bed -- just where they wanted him.  He later told me 
he didn't remember Maria guiding him up stairs to our 
bedroom and he even denies he knew that she helped him 
undress.  But I don't believe he didn't know when she 
slipped her warm brown body in bed with him and helped 
herself to his cock!  She told me that even half zonked he 
fucked her better than any man she'd ever known.  That I 
believe!

	Maria had intended to have a nice little ride and get 
off.  Well, she got off -- so well that she didn't want to 
get off; Consuelo and Rosa practically had to drag her out 
of bed Josh so they could have a go at him.  The four 
vixens took turns fucking my out-of-it man all afternoon 
and night.  Josh says he only really woke up the next 
morning when he discovered Lupe astraddle him screaming 
obscenities at the top of her lungs, as she rode him to 
more orgasms than she could count.

	Josh's embarrassed explanation for the rest of the time 
until I came home was, "hanged for a farthing; hanged for a 
pence."  [I dont understand that, Homer.]  My fallen 
husband gladly let them take turns fucking him silly and he 
must have filled each horny pussy full several times over.  
I was only in the hospital a few days, but it was enough 
for Josh to put a baby in each of my "helpers."  Knowing 
how sexy Josh is, though, I could hardly blame the girls 
for wanting Josh to make them pregnant; and knowing how 
horny Josh is, I sure couldn't blame him.  I just made him 
promise never to do it again.

	"Oh, honey, of course not.  I promise I won't even look 
at them!"

	"Yes you will; theyll make sure of that, and you'll 
fuck them, too.  I know them too well.  Just promise that 
you'll only fuck one of them bareback at a time," I told 
him gravelly as I handed him a large box of condoms.  "No 
more than two pregnant at the same time," I admonished.  
You should have seen that smile!

	That was a happy time.  The house was getting back to 
normal after my Marta, Maria's Mario Jesus, Consuelo's 
Jesus David, Rosa's Ramon Jesus, and Lupe's Gabriel Jesus 
were born.  ("Jesus," they told me is "Josh" in Spanish.)  
Fortunately, three maternal grandmothers appeared to help 
out with the five new babies, although I think they also 
helped them selves to my Josh.  By the time they went home, 
Maria's, Consuelo's, and Rosa's mothers were all working on 
brand new uncles and aunts for their new grandchildren to 
play with.

	That's about the time the trouble started,  There
was a charity ball at the Petroleum Club that brought to-
gether people from all the oil companies and local elites.
I was well along toward getting my figure back after Marta
and dressed accordingly in a little black number and high 
heels.  It was pretty short and Ill admit I looked and 
felt hot.  I kept glancing appreciatively at the bulge in 
Joshs pants as he drove us to the club, trying unsuc-
cessfully to keep his eyes on the road.  I started 
wondering if I should be thinking of a name.

I'll dance with anyone, so I thought nothing of it when 
Bull Parker, the company project manager, asked me to 
dance.  I knew he and Josh were rivals because I had heard 
enough of their arguments, but I wasn't thinking about that 
as Bill pulled me into his arms.  It was sort of flattering 
to feel a big brawny man get a hard-on just from being near 
a thirty-one year old mother of eleven.  Bull is quite a 
good dancer and it was easy to just relax and let him lead 
wherever he would.  Therefore I was surprised when I found 
myself alone with him on an isolated balcony with his hand 
on my boobs.

	Now I'm a pretty short-fused girl, and yes, he was 
turning me on.  But, no, I wasn't that stupid.  Besides, I 
sensed that this wasn't about lust; it was about power.  
Bull wanted to fuck me because I was Josh's wife.  I asked 
him to stop quietly, then not so quietly, and finally I 
slapped him as hard as I could.  I managed to cause a 
commotion and suddenly Josh was at my side and Bull Parker 
was lying on the floor with a little blood trickling out of 
his nose.

	It was an ugly scene, but I never realized it would 
have the consequences it did.  Two weeks later, I got word 
that on a trip to inspect a new drilling site, the boat 
Josh was in overturned and only Bull Parker's men came 
back.  I was almost too crushed to be suspicious, but I 
was.  The search was continuing, but with Bull Parker's men 
in charge of it, I had my doubts.

	Strangely, with Josh gone, Bull seemed a different 
person, genuinely interested in trying to find at least 
some trace of Josh and solicitous of my feelings.  As the 
weeks wore on, I found my self warming to him.  I guess he 
could tell and one night after dinner at my house and a 
second glass of wine in me, I let him kiss me.  That was a 
mistake, because a kiss wasn't enough for either of us.  I 
couldn't resist when his hand found my nipple and I was 
squirming even before he slipped a finger into my panties.  
I was headed for a come and who knows what else when, most 
uncharacteristically, Marta started crying.  Although I 
knew Rosita would take care of whatever it was, it broke 
the spell, thank goodness.  I pushed Bull away and resolved 
not to let this happen again.

	Bull persisted in a fairly nice way and I realized 
that, as hot as I am, sooner or later, I would give in.  I 
just can't live without a man.  But I also knew that if I 
became Bull's mistress, it was over for me an Josh even if 
by some miracle he were found.  I could not accept that.  
If I had to have a man and I couldn't have Bull, there was 
only one alternative: another man.  And the other man was 
obvious -- my cook, Don Roberto.

	As Bull came to see that his sweetness campaign wasn't 
working, a crueler side of him re-emerged.  I came to learn 
that he had a native woman from a down-river tribe in his 
house at the camp.  Apparently she had been captured by 
some of Bull's men and he was keeping her, almost as a sex 
slave.  Worse yet, he had made her pregnant.  I threatened 
to raise a stink and made him bring her back to the capital 
to live with me until the baby was born and we could send 
her back to her people.

	The girl's name was Shana and she was very grateful
to me for rescuing her from Bull.  She tried to help around 
the house and I let her some, but mainly I insisted she 
rest and recover from Bull's hard treatment of her.  The 
longer she stayed with us the more Spanish she learned and 
soon we were able to communicate pretty well.

	One day I asked her about her home village and tribe.  
She looked at me as if trying to decide if she should tell 
me.  Apparently she decided I was trustworthy and began her 
tale.  I did not know whether to believe it or even if I 
had understood her correctly.  She said she was from a 
tribe of women, only women.  Occasionally they were lucky 
enough to capture a man whom they "tamed" for doing heavy 
work and for breeding.  When I asked, she did said that 
only girl babies were born from these unions and did not 
even think it was strange.  Homer thinks it might must be 
something in the food the tribe eats or a genetic trait.

	Moreover, just before she had been kidnapped by Bulls 
men, she went on to say, a new man arrived, a white man.  
He had not been captured so much as rescued from the river.  
The whole tribe had rejoiced at this favor of the gods.  I 
questioned her more carefully about when this white man had 
appeared and where her village lay and realized that 
everything fit.  The man could be, no, I knew it *must be* 
Josh.  I was thrilled.  I realized, however, that Josh had 
gotten there through Bull Parker's designs and I could not 
disclose what I had found out without putting both Josh and 
the women in danger.  I made Shana promise to let me go 
with her when she returned to her tribe.  She was very 
happy I wanted to see her village.

	Hoping -- knowing -- I might one day find Josh was a 
great relief, but it didn't solve my immediate problem of 
what to put between my legs.  Oh, I had a nice collection 
of toys and spent a small fortune on batteries, but it 
wasn't the same.  I needed a man.

	I didn't even need to seduce Don Roberto. It had
long been obvious he liked looking at his sexy Madam. And
he had been very sweet since Josh's disappearance.  When I 
appeared in his room one afternoon after lunch, he didn't 
have to ask why I was there.  I couldn't make love to him; 
I could love only Josh, but we did have sex, tender and 
passionate sex, and we didn't miss many afternoons or 
nights from then on.

	I can guess what you're thinking, but no, I did not
let him make me pregnant.  I took the precaution of going
on the pill two weeks before I first visited Don Roberto.
We both knew what this was -- Madam fulfilling a basic need 
with a kind and gentle man who, fortunately, was a good 
lover.  The women of the house understood, too.  I think 
even Don Roberto's wife, whom I insisted he visit twice a 
month, understood.  *She* was the one who got pregnant.

	Life dropped back into a routine.  Everyone missed 
Josh, but there was nothing I could do until it was time to 
take Shana back to her village.  My only concern was to 
make sure that the children, especially my precocious 
[Knock it off, Homer!] Courtney and Rachel, didn't find out 
that Mommy was having the cook fuck her silly every 
afternoon.

	Although Shana was happy to be well cared for, and
she was certainly glowing with health and her pregnancy, I 
could tell she seemed troubled.  I asked her what was 
wrong, but she was reluctant to tell me.  At last she 
reached over and took my hand and told me how sorry she 
was.  I smiled, telling her not to worry, that she had made 
me very happy by giving me hope that my man was alive.  She 
shook her head.  That was not what she meant.

	"It is not right that you who have been so good to
me should not be with child.  If we were in my village, I 
could gather herbs to help you.  It is not proper for your 
servant to give children to your subjects and not to his 
Queen."

	"My servant?  His Queen?"  I thought for a moment and 
was stunned.  Of course!  Shana thought of our household as 
a kind of small village of women with one man-servant and 
me as queen.  She knew I had Roberto fucking me and she 
assumed I was trying to get pregnant.  I almost laughed 
aloud until the implications of the rest of what she said 
sunk in.  "Give children to my subjects?"  My God!  It made 
sense.  I wasn't the only woman who missed Josh and, now 
that I thought about it, Roberto wasn't always as ardent as 
I had expected.  And . . . and what about my "subjects?"  
Damn!  I should have noticed: Maria, Consuelo, and Rosa 
were all starting to put on a little weight.

	I didn't have time to get mad because Shana was still 
talking.  "Even without the herbs, I can help you, my 
Queen."

	Things were getting out of control.  How could I 
explain to Shana that I didn't want to be pregnant?  She 
would never be able to understand that.  Could I refuse her 
assistance?  Tell her I'd gotten myself pregnant eleven 
times without her help, thank you?  Yet clearly, from her 
point of view, I did need "help."  She was offering it with 
such sincerity, with such love and concern for me.  I 
smiled and nodded my agreement.

	I had no idea what her assistance would consist of, but 
the very next afternoon as I was about to go sneak out back 
for my daily fuck with Don Roberto, Shana stopped me.  She 
shook her head and led me to my own bedroom.  Had she set 
up a tryst there?  No, it was empty, though the sheets were 
turned back in preparation for use.  She led me to the bed 
and began gently to undress me.

	Partly out of curiosity and partly to humor her, I 
allowed her to continue.  I noticed that she wasn't too 
careful about the way she removed my blouse and then my 
bra; her hands were touching me, almost as if she were 
feeling me up.  Then her hands loosed my skirt and tugged 
at my panties.  Again, her hands were rubbing my buttocks 
and massaging between my thighs.

	With no effort Shana laid me naked on the bed and
knelt beside me.  "My Queen must be readied. She must make a 
warm nest for the baby."

	Before I could ask what she meant, I found out.  
Suddenly her mouth was suckling my breast, making my nipple 
pop up even as her hand found its way between my legs and 
began to tease my pussy.  I guess just the sexy way she had 
undressed me already had me more aroused than I knew, 
because as soon as she put her finger in me, I realized I 
was wet.

	Soon I was wetter.  This girl knew how to please a 
woman.  If I hadn't been horny out of my mind, I probably 
would have been thinking that I had never done this before 
and that maybe I wouldn't like it.  But I wasn't thinking 
that -- or anything.  I was just gasping from the 
sensations that flooded over me as Shana worked my titties 
with her lips and tongue.  Carefully she inserted two and 
then three fingers into my gushing pussy, bringing me 
closer and closer to .  .  .  .

	"Ahhhhiiiiiieee!"  I screamed as I came.  Hard!  
Shatteringly!  I felt I couldn't breath for a few seconds.  
I did not understand what Shana was cooing in her own 
language, but the meaning was clear.  "Relax, baby.  Youve 
just had a good come.  Enjoy the afterglow."  I could do 
nothing more -- or so I thought.  But then I felt Shana's 
fingers in me again and her head slip between my legs, 
which seemed to open all by themselves to receive her.

	If having her finger me to orgasm was wonderful, what 
can I say about her eating me?  I won't try, but in no time 
I was again braying in ecstasy as her tongue on my clit 
shot wave after wave of electricity through me.  I know I 
must have passed out, at least for a few seconds.

	It must have been for more than a few, because when I 
next opened my eyes, Shana was standing beside me holding a 
naked Don Roberto by the hand.  It was weird, as if the two 
of us didn't know how to fuck and Shana was showing us, 
step by step.  He seemed as passive as I as she positioned 
him between my legs and guided his prick into me.  That it 
slid in easily was obvious, juiced-up as I was from two of 
the most powerful orgasms I had ever experienced.  Then, 
like some obscene parody of a gym coach, she directed the 
movements of his prick in and out of me.

	Shana must have had some kind of magic to adjust Don 
Roberto's thrusts to my response, although I suppose she 
was only observing me closely.  In seconds I was on the 
edge of another orgasm -- and stayed there!  And stayed.  
And stayed!  I would have pleaded for release but the 
moment itself was too perfect -- not that I think I could 
have gotten words out, anyway.  I was in another world.  
Nothing existed in that world except my pussy and a huge 
prick that was fucking me as I had never been fucked.  When 
I thought these sensations were more than I could take, I 
was overwhelmed by yet another: Shana expertly rubbing my 
clit in perfect time with Don Roberto's in-and-out motions.

	When the orgasm broke over me, it wasn't a wave it was 
a tsunami.  [Homer!]  To say "I came" would be misleading.  
I did nothing.  It just happened to me.  I was tossed, 
thrown, punched.  I was FUCKED!

	I dont remember Don Roberto's reactions, so caught up 
was I in my own orgasm.  I'll bet it was a doozy, but by 
the time I could focus on anything not between my legs, Don 
Roberto was gone.  Only Shana remained, smiling down at me.  
I felt full to overflowing with fuck.  Shana seemed to be 
of the same opinion and wanted me to stay that way.  Gently 
she made me lift my butt enough to slip pillows under me.  
I was a little uncomfortable, but she had a cure for that 
too.  A gentle stroking of my clit made me forget 
everything again.  She spoke softly to me again, but I only 
understood "My Queen .  .  .  my Queen."  As a final soft 
orgasm flowed over me like a warm bath and I drifted off to 
sleep, I vaguely suspected I had been "tamed."

	I didn't wake up until the next morning, although I had 
the dozy idea that Don Roberto had come to my bed again 
that night and fucked me senseless, except that I was 
*already* senseless. .  And I sort of remembered that 
afterwards I had slept in Shana's arms.  But when I finally 
got out of bed, I knew I had been fucked -- long, hard, and 
well  I felt so good, I couldn't believe it.  I had no 
doubt that if I had not been on the pill, I would be 
pregnant.  And if there was ever a candidate for 
contraceptive failure, I guess I was it.

	Shana didn't take such a "hands on" supervision of all 
my fucks over the next few days, but she let everyone know 
who was in charge of getting Madam's pussy properly filled.  
And even when my pills called for me to have my period (it 
was soooo sweet to see how disappointed she was) she 
continued to sleep with me.  Soon enough Shana taught me 
how to lick, and nuzzle, and tongue her to orgasms that 
made her squeak with joy.  We weren't lezzies, but we sure 
did a good imitation.

	Before she could be disappointed by my next "period," 
Shana went into labor.  Maybe it was all those orgasms, but 
it was really easy.  She told me one day after lunch her 
water had broken and we had her in the clinic a half hour 
later.  By sundown Shana was nursing a beautiful little 
girl that looked nothing like Bull Parker, fortunately.

The Girl from "Principles"
Part II

	A month after Shana's baby was born, she was pestering 
me to go home.  I tried to delay things for the baby's 
sake, but figured she had a better idea than I did about 
the rigors of the trip.  Don Roberto helped us prepare for 
the trip and to keep it secret from the men of the camp by 
going to a different jumping off point for the down river 
trip.  Money was no object, so I arranged for us to go as 
far as possible by helicopter -- that almost blew Shana's 
mind.

	In the little jungle town Roberto arranged for helpers 
to pilot the boat, carry the food, etc.  Shana had told me 
that she would guide us from the landing where the boat 
would wait for me and (I secretly hoped) Josh to come back.  
After three days on the wide, brown river, Shana pointed to 
a spot to stop.  I could see nothing different about this 
one spot, but she was very definite.  The boat pulled 
ashore on a narrow river beach and we began walking.  I 
carried only some water and a few rations.  Shana carried 
only her baby, carefully wrapped into a parcel on her back.  
In three days the little angel had only nursed and slept 
and today was no different.

	By afternoon a faint trail had appeared which soon 
became wider.  Then someone spotted us and the jungle 
seemed to erupt with women -- laughing, hugging Shana, 
pointing at the baby, laughing again, and pointing at me.  
This was the biggest event anyone could remember.  Their 
sister disappeared and then returned, with a baby, and a 
strange looking white woman!

	They almost carried us to the village and amid great 
ceremony Shana told her story (I guessed from the looks of 
wonder).  I seemed to be an important part of it; Shana 
later told me the women were extremely grateful to me for 
taking care of their sister and bringing her back to them.  
The thanks were very nice, but that wasn't my main concern.  
I was keeping my eye out for Josh.

	During the excited welcome, he was nowhere to be seen, 
but at nightfall a fire was lit, and a more formal ceremony 
began.  As a tall woman, perhaps my age, emerged from a 
large hut followed by several others, also noticeably older 
than the young women who had greeted us, I spotted Josh -- 
and his handiwork.  He was led to a stool below, surrounded 
by the Queen and her court.  All the women were glowingly, 
gloriously pregnant!

	I tried to catch Josh's eye, but soon gave up, 
recognizing that little was going on behind the slightly 
silly smile he wore.  I asked Shana about this and she 
grinned, explaining that men are very dangerous and are 
only allowed out among women after they have been "tamed."  

How is that done, I asked.  She explained that there is 
a 'taming' ceremony at which the man is fed special herbs 
and given palm wine to make him very happy.  All the women 
dance before him and last of all the Queen.  All the women 
have some taming magic, but the Queen's is the most 
powerful.  When the Queen had finished dancing for him, she 
takes the man to her quarters and fucks him.  After one 
night with her, the man is completely docile and will do 
anything she or the other women say.

	I guessed that it was some kind of hypnotism and 
remembered how I felt in bed with Shana.  Whatever it was, 
it had Josh hooked.  I asked what they had Josh do.  Shana 
just laughed as if I couldn't see from all the pregnant 
bellies of the women.  She explained that he was passed 
from woman to woman in order of hierarchy starting with the 
Queen.  As soon as the first woman either missed or had her 
next period, he was sent to another one, spending an 
average of about two weeks with each.  Josh had been 
missing about seven months and I counted about fifteen 
swelling tummies (and I could have missed some that weren't 
showing yet).  Apparently he was as sure a marksman with 
these women as he had been with me.

	By now it was pretty evident that my arrival was not a 
coincidence and that there was some connection between the 
white man and the white woman.  The next day I asked to 
talk with the Queen.  Shana translated and I attempted to 
tell her that Josh was my man and that I wanted him back.

	Of course, they found totally foreign the idea of a 
woman owning her own man.  (That was the way Shana 
translated it back to me.  It sounded strange, but I kind 
of liked it.)  Shana vouched for my story that in the up-
river world, there were many men and yes, it was perhaps 
possible that a man could be a woman's exclusive property.  
(Yes!) I explained that I loved this man and had lived with 
him for over ten years and that he had given me eleven 
babies.  This brought gasps of amazement and (I realized 
later) intense envy.

	Considering the gulf between our worlds, the Queen was 
amazingly sympathetic.  She said she thanked me for 
bringing one of her daughters back and that I deserved a 
reward, but not the tribe's only man.  She pointed out that 
there were scores of women that had not had a child yet and 
that the tribes only man was too valuable to let go.  She 
gently implied that I was selfish, since, if what I had 
said was true, I could easily get another man back upriver 
to make me pregnant.  I tried to explain that it was Josh I 
wanted, but she was adamant.

	That night I cried as I hadn't since Josh first 
disappeared.  Here he was; I had seen him -- my Josh -- but 
I couldn't have him.  Shana comforted me as best she could 
and got me off to several thundering orgasms, but the ache 
in my heart was unabated.  The next day Shana escorted me 
to the landing.  I had to leave alone.

In the four-days trip back up river, I formed a plan.

	I began by pretending to start to like Bull again.
He was such an egotist that it was easy for him to believe 
that the grieving widow was finally getting the hots for 
him.  I went slowly as perhaps a woman in my circumstances 
would, gradually allowing him to take me out, hold my hand, 
put his arm around me.  I made him play the gentleman he 
wasn't and never would be.  Soon I was teasing him 
unmercifully, while seeming only to be coy.

	On uncounted nights, Bull thought he would be able to 
go all the way with me, only to have me put him off at the 
last minute.  You'd better believe that I was getting my 
lights fucked out by Don Roberto during this time; I didn't 
want any slip-ups with Bull.  Gradually I led him to 
believe that I was falling in love with him, that I was hot 
to fuck him, but I couldnt until I knew for sure what had 
happened to Josh.

	Then I had Don Roberto spread the tale of the tribe of 
women and a strange white man among the people of the base 
camp.  Bull *had* to agree to investigate and I insisted on 
going along with him and his henchmen, the ones that had 
been with Josh when he disappeared.  When plans were firm, 
I sent word to Shana that I was returning with a group of 
men and that she should be ready.

	We took the three-day trip down river, looking for a 
landmark that Shana had given me in a return message.  Sure 
enough, we found the three burned clearings and beached the 
boat.  Soon a group of women arrived, greeted us warmly and 
with apparent surprise.  I recognized some of the women; 
Shana stayed out of sight, thinking Bull might recognize 
her.  I doubted it; to him she had been just another fuck.

	The men attempted to explain our mission, but before 
'talking business' the women insisted they must properly 
welcome us.  We trudged toward the village, Bull and the 
men getting a feast of the swaying round asses of the 
welcoming party.  I had an idea of what is coming, but Bill 
and the other men didn't.

	The village was the busy, bustling place I remembered.  
I noticed that since my previous visit, a number of women 
were nursing infants and a new crop of newly pregnant 
tummies was evident.  I could see Josh was still at work, 
even though I couldn't see him.

	As night fell, a large fire was lighted in the center 
of the village.  Bull and his men were seated around the 
fire and pretty, flirty girls brought around plates of food 
and gourds of wine.  I fell back and found Shana to watch 
the fun.  We kissed quickly and she began fondling my tits.  
It felt sooo good!  I hadn't even been able to masturbate 
in the last three days and was instantly aroused.  Shana 
understood and slipped her fingers in me, bringing me to 
two nice quick comes.  "Now you can enjoy the taming 
ceremony," she grinned as we turned our attention to the 
men.

	The fire had gone down a little and a pounding drum-
beat was gradually growing louder. The serving women were now 
bringing more drink than food and their clothing had grown 
skimpier.  Large unencumbered breasts were dangled in front 
of the men's eyes as the women leaned down to refill their 
drinks.  The loin cloths barely covered their provocative 
little pussies.  And when a girl stood close enough to a 
seated man, he couldn't avoid smelling a cunt in heat.

	I saw the men grow tipsy and boisterous as the women 
teased them, but suddenly silence welled up like a cobra 
rising from its basket.  At the sound of a gong, five half-
naked women leapt into the circle and positioned 
themselves, one in front of each man.  Talking, laughing, 
and ribald remarks ceased as a woman began to writhe slowly 
before each man, her movements in time with the 
imperceptibly accelerating drum.

	The men were riveted by the swaying of the women's
hips and bouncing titties, none more than Bull himself.  I 
recognized the woman dancing before him.  She was larger 
and a little older than the others.  But what she lacked in 
youth, she made up in a sultry sexiness.  Seeing who their 
leader was, the Queen had taken on Bull as her own project.  
Like the others, she had a bright silver disk dangling from 
her neck in from of her large round tits.  Bull could not 
take his eyes off of those tits and so he stared too at the 
shining, flashing disk.

	As the dance accelerated, Shana and I giggled to see 
the women inch closer to the men, forcing them to look up 
at those wonderfully round bouncing boobs at an 
uncomfortable angle.  The drum was louder now, as well as 
faster, and filled the ears of the transfixed men as the 
flashing disks filled their eyes.  Shana and I watched and 
grinned as we saw Bull Parker and his men falling into the 
power of the Queen and her court.  The men were being 
"tamed."

	Now the drum grew still louder and the rhythm more 
frenetic.  [Homer!]  The dancers ground their hips in the 
faces of the men.  Their stares become glassy.  Equally 
noticeable were their hands.  Quite unconsciously, the men 
had started masturbating.  Suddenly the drum and the 
dancers stopped.  The men hardly reacted, so deep was the 
spell they were under.  Perfect!

	Then I noticed a bit of light creep back into Bull 
Parker.  He was a hard man, a willful man, not an easy man 
to "tame," by the looks of it.  Slowly, as if waking from a 
dream, he began to look around him.  The other dancers had 
fallen on his entranced comrades.  Rock Andrews was lying 
cradled in the arms of a busty dancer, sucking her breast, 
his eyes closed in a docile, beatific smile.  Red Marsh's 
head was thrown back as he sucked the pussy of a smiling 
woman who kneeled over him, slowly jacking him off.  Two 
others -- Bull couldn't see who in the dim firelight -- 
were lying with their pants down around their ankles, their 
heads lolling, as two smirking women methodically rode them 
toward orgasm.

	Like a lonely, cornered animal, Bull instinctively 
sensed the danger and poised for fight or flight.  The 
Queen looked down at him and saw his partially successful 
efforts to throw off the spell.  Immediately, she stepped 
forward, dropped her skirt, and thrust her crotch in his 
face.  The scent of a hot pussy must have hit Bull Parker 
with the force of a 2 x 4.  Shana and I looked at each 
other as we watched Bull fighting the magnetic pull of the 
Queen's rank, dripping love slit.  Bull was no longer 
looking around at his vanquished followers; he was looking 
straight ahead, straight at the bushy cunt in front of his 
eyes.  The Queen was looking down at the big man, amused.  
She could see him weakening; she knew the instinct that 
could overcome the anger leading to resistance, the fear 
leading to flight: lust.

	In a final effort to free himself, Bull brought up his 
hands, just about high enough to shield his eyes from the 
bewitching sight before him, perhaps enough to push away 
the tempting view that held him fast.  He reached out and 
with a lunge, grabbed the Queen's ass and buried his face 
in her warm snatch.  

A kind of cheer went up from the watching women as the 
last man went down to defeat.  The Queen allowed the 
slavering man to fill his mouth and nose with her lust 
inducing juices for long seconds, then dropped them both to 
the mat placed nearby for that purpose.  As Bull lost 
himself between those plump, delectable thighs, nimble 
fingers removed his clothes and the Queen began stoking his 
hardened prick.

	The game was over: brown women 5, white men 0.  Now
the fun began.  Shana kissed me and pointed to one of the 
dancers, a curvy little thing, who was taking her captive 
away to her hut.  The contrast of the petite woman leading 
the hulking man by the hand, like a little boy being put to 
bed by his nanny, brought a gush to my pussy.

	I desperately wanted Shana between my legs, but I 
forced myself to wait to see what the Queen would do with 
Bull.  She wasn't taking chances.  Long after eating her 
had reduced him to a quivering ball of lust, she continued 
to stroke his prick and nuzzle and whisper in his ear.  At 
last she stood and raised him with her hand.  Bull's eyes 
were closed and he wore a face of perfect contentment.  
Slipping her arm around his waist, the Queen took her new 
lover and strolled into the shadows.

	It would have been fun to see the women work on the
men all night, bringing them to the edge of orgasm again and 
again, making them crave release more than anything.  I 
would have loved to watch the final collapse of each man's 
resistance, his utter subjugation to the will of his new 
dominatrix, but I had more important desires that needed 
satisfying.

	Shana took me to her hut where we renewed our love.
I don't know who was first and who next, and next, and next 
as we each took our pleasure in pleasuring the other.  I 
slept more happily in her arms that night than any since I 
slept last with Josh.  We didn't wake until the sun was 
well up.

	That afternoon I sought another audience with the 
Queen.  She looked a little tired, but happy.  Perhaps even 
tamed, Bull was a vigorous and satisfying lover.  I hoped 
she was in a good mood as I renewed my petition.  I felt on 
pretty firm ground.  I had brought the tribe five healthy 
men, not too old (even Bull was only in his forties).  All 
I wanted in return was my Josh.

	The Queen said that she had consulted the other women 
and <grin> all seemed pleased with their men.  From the 
little smile, I could tell she was more than a little 
pleased with Bull.  She agreed, therefore that I could have 
Josh .  .  .  provided.

	"Provided *what*?"  I asked, not as respectfully as I 
should have, but I was frustrated.

	"Provided the men all perform satisfactorily."  She 
replied.

	Now I was confused.  I though she had just said she and 
the other women found the new men did fuck satisfactorily.  
Then it dawned on me.  I wasn't leaving with my *proven* 
stud until the ability of Joshs replacements to make the 
tribeswomen pregnant was also proven.  They wouldn't even 
share Josh with me until they were sure.

	It was a tense few weeks but one by one the women who 
were "trying out" the new men missed their periods.  At 
last the Queen happily announced that she, too, was going 
to have another baby, Bull's baby.  I had done it!  I was 
overjoyed when Shana came to take me to the Queens 
quarters and I at last saw my Josh.  I had to admit she had 
taken good care of him.  He was a little trimmer, more 
muscular and nicely tanned.  I almost drooled to see my 
sexy husband again.  He still had the happy out-of-it look 
and didn't recognize me, but I wasn't worried.

	Through Shana the Queen asked me if I wanted her to 
"untame" him now.  I thought and said no, it would be 
better if I could wait until I had him home.  Could she 
tell me how to do it?  She smiled as I might when giving 
away my favorite cookie recipe.

	"It's easy.  Just say, uusha," she whispered so Josh 
would not hear. Then she smiled even more and added, "That 
will also work if you ever need to 'tame' him again," she 
winked.  The Queen spoke a few words to Josh, apparently 
telling him that the white woman was his new mistress.  He 
looked at me and smiled.

	A few days later everything was in readiness for the 
return.  Josh would be able to manage the boat with just 
two people in it.  I was eager to get started, but Shana 
asked if I could delay our departure just one more day.  
Although for her part in bringing the five new men to the 
village, she stood high on the list of those to be 
impregnated, Shana didn't want to have one of their babies.  
She was at her most fertile time right now, she said.  
Would I, please, this one time, let Josh make her pregnant 
tonight?

	"Only if I get to watch you and then join in," I 
laughed.

	I had my story ready when we returned to the company 
camp.  We had found Josh -- although he was very sick.  On 
the way back, however, the boat had overturned and this 
time it was Bull and his men who were lost.  There was a 
stir and searches, but I knew the women would never allow 
the men to be found.  I sometimes felt a little bad about 
them, but not very.  Each was either single or had 
abandoned his wife years ago.  All had been complicit in 
Josh's disappearance.  And, besides, they were all in macho 
heaven, surrounded by hundreds of women who wanted nothing 
more from them than to fuck the pigs and get pregnant with 
their babies.

	I didn't 'untame' Josh until we were back in our house 
the capital.  He was very surprised that the "fever" he 
suffered made him unable to remember anything about his 
captivity and my rescue of him, but he can't deny it 
happened.  I had the proof.  It was pretty obvious that our 
new baby, whom I insist we call "Shana," was conceived the 
same night that he was leaving Shana something to remember 
him by.

*****

	Really, sometimes, even after 16 years of being married 
to my wonderful husband, he still surprises me.  Would you 
believe, an educated man like him being superstitious?  
Its true.  Why, one night a couple of months ago, I 
pointed out that Shana no longer needed quite so much 
attention and maybe it was time to start thinking about 
making another baby.  Josh got terribly upset, talking 
about how bad it would be to have thirteen children.  I let 
him rant; hes so cute when he gets mad.

	Of course I love Josh too much the way he is to play 
with his mind, but he just wasnt being reasonable.  I saw 
that I would have to "tame" him a little  When he finished 
ranting, I snuggled up to him and whispered, "uusha."  
Fortunately, it was only his mind that was tamed; the sex 
was anything but.  Unfortunately, I forgot to "untame" him 
for the rest of that weekend while I was away visiting a 
friend.  You guessed it!  If you looked carefully at Maria, 
Consuelo, Rosa, and Lupe today, youd see some suspiciously 
tight panties -- just like mine.

The End

Heroically proofread by Joshua Madden, to whom many tanks.  
[See, Im hopeless withoug a proofreader.]


Comments to (please)
Homer Vargas
the_story_writer@yahoo.com
