Moona is a slut  wife 3

Jeevan<jeevan80@yahoo.com>


Ashutosh and Ramesh lay near Moona's sperm covered body and were adjusting their bodies iin such a way that their exhausted lunds would be near Moona's mouth. Asif got up jacking his stiff lund and watched his wifes spermcoated body.. globs of sperm were seen on her boobs, face stomach and thighs. Asif lay near his wifes body and started to massage the sperm on her body. As he did this he also tasted the cum.
	" Ohhhh Moona! You are a real slut. See how your body is covered with so much of spunk. Ohh god! It tasted so nice. Come on let me fuck your sperm filled choot. Ohhh it must be slippery with all that slimy liquid. Come on jeevan! Lets fuck this bitch! You take the ass while I fuck the choot. I want to see you spread her asshole and tear it off with that massive lund of yours. Ohhhh come on fuck her ass Jeevan!"
	How could I refuse? All the while I was rubbing my lund and thinking about this sluts ass. She had magnificiant ass and needed real big lund like mine. I asked Moona to climb on her hubbys lund and present her asshole for me to ride. The slut swallowed her hubbys small lund easily. Her choot hole was already stretched with so many lunds ploughing it regularly. I thought for some time and decided to push my lund in her choot along with the hubbys lund. I thought of stretching it further with two lunds sliding in and out of that slut choot. 
	" Moona I am going to slide my lund in your choot! You must take two lunds in that big choot of yours. You are a sluta nd whore so you must take all the lunds you are offered. Come on watch this. Be ready for my lund in your choot. I will slide it over your husbands lund. Two lunds in a choot! You slut whore take this!"
	I pushed my lund in her choot from above. I felt Asifs lund as I pushed my lund inside. Our lunds touched from the bottom side. And you know how sensitive the underside of lund is! Her choot was already wet with the cunm of Ramesh and I found no difficulty in sliding my cock head in. but as I pushed more of my  lund, Moona cried in pain.
	" Ohh Jeevan don't fuck me there. My husband is fucking me in choot so you fuyck my gaand. I cant take you in my choot. Ohhh you are stretching it too much! Oohh God! It pains! Take that lund out and fuck my ass instead! Ooh don't tear my choot. I want to fuck more lunds. If you tear it I can't fuck any. ohhhhh please! Ahhhhh! Noo. Oh god!"
	" Shut up slut! You deserve this. You must take two lunds in your choot, I am going to make you fuck 2 lunds! I don't care if your choot tears apart. Let it. We will stitch it and make it big even more. You should fuck a horse whore! Take that one foot lund in your choot and you should fuck! Come on relax and enjoy that second lund in your choot whore!"
	And with that I pushed all of my lund in moona's choot. Moona cried in pain and pushed her ass to accommodate the second lund inher choot but the pain made her lie still. My two friends were observing this and they were beyond excitation.
	" Ohhh Jeevan! Sale tum isko mast chod rahe ho! Sala do do lund ek choot mein! Ohhhhhh Sali ye to badi randi hai Asif! Tumhari bibi do luynd choot mein kha rahi hai. Ye dekh kar hamara lund bhi khada ho raha hai! Chal choos hamare lund kop. Sali choot men do do lund leti hai aab muha main bhi le." That was ashutosh.
	And my friends did not wait for Moona's consent but they forced her mouth open woith their semi hard lunds and asked her to suck on them. Moona opened her mouth wide to swallow the fleshy muscles but her mouth was too small for the two lunds. Moona felt insulting that she cannot take two lunds in her mouth so she took the two lunds with just the cock heads in her mouth. She was moving her tongue over the cock heads and the two moaned with lust, I watched this slut of the wife swallow 3 lunds in her mouth and was happy, I continued fuking yther slut in her choot with asif. Asif felt rubbing of my lund on the underside of his lund and he cried out oin pleasure.
	"Sali randi dod do lund choot maein le rahi hai! Ohhh Jeevan tumhara lund mere lund se ragad raha hai! Ohhhhh meri bibi ki choot mein! Ohh god! Ahhhhhhhh! Chodo Sali ko! Ohh choose re randi! Do do lund choose!"
	all four of us fucked moona! Me and asif in her choot and Ashutosh and Ramesh on her mouth. Oohh what a fucking! Moona cried with pleasure and sucked on the two cock heads. Ashutosh pushe dhis lund in moona's mouth and moona swallowed it and pressed her mouth on the small lund. Ramesh felt insulted and so he forced his lund in moonas mouth from the small space left out and moona's mouth stretched beyond limits. She tried to accommodate the two lunds but her mouth could not open up. Ramesh felt frustrated and he rubbed his lund over the sluts face and then on the ear lobes. Moona must be sensitive there as she cried out loudly and moved her head so that the lund rubbed more on her earlobes. Ramesh too found it interesting and he spat on her ears and pushed his lund in the small orifice of the ear. How could it go in? he had to just rub his cock head in and out of the ear anf he was in heven! Ashutosh too was watching this and felt excoted. 
	Me an dAsif fucked Moona and came together. I felt asif's lund throbbing with cum and jerking as he splashed his seed in moona's choot. His lund was so near that I felt as if I was coming! This triggered my  prgasm and I too ejaculated. Moona came and her choot contracted over our lundsa nd she swallowed all the cum we had to offer. Ashutosh too cam ein Moona's mouth and moona drank each drop of the precious cum. Ramesh ejaculated in moona's ear! Ohhh her ear was overflowing with the come and some of it spilled and trailed her neck. Ohh whata a slut moona was!
	We rested for some time but moona was ready for more. She begged us for our lunds and wanted more. She wanted my lund in her gaand so I had to tell her to suck it so that it would stand hard again. Asif told moona to rub her choot in front of all of us while she sucked on my lund. Moona took my soft lkund in her moutha nd started to suck on it. The softness of my lund irritated her and she spat it out and then rubbed it on her fleshy boobs. Her other hand was busy spreading her choot and she had her choot lips aparta nd showed us the reddish opening. Her fingers went to action and she thrust three fingers in her choot. My lund was semi hard watching this and so she took it in her mouth and sucked on it willingly. Her three fingers vanished in that slut hole and she was finger fuckng her own choot. Ashutosh went near her gaand and fingerfucked her gaand hole. He thrust two fingers there and was trying to caress Moona's fingers that were fucking  her choot. Their fingers must have met as moona smiled at him and dug her fingers deep.
	" Ohh asif! I am feeling your wifes fingers through her gaand. Sali pakki chuddakad hai! Ohhhhhh ! chodo jeevan! Chodo is randi ko! Ohhhhhh Sali harami!"
I felt my lund throbbing again and immediately went behind moona and pushed it inside her gaand. Her gaand was tighter than her choot and very hot! Ramesh went below the slut and asked her to rub her boobs over his half erect lund. The slut obliged him and rubbed her massive boobs on his lund. Ashutosh wanted her feet. So he rubbed his lund on Moona's feet. Ohh the slut she was! She enjoyed all the attention we gave to different partes of her bodya nd Urged Asif to give her his lund to suck. Asif offered his lund to the slut wife and she swallowed it greedily. We all werte really enjoying the slut fuck and my lund was sucked in by the sluts large intestine. Ooh it was all knotty inside and so smooth. The feeling was different from fucking a vagina. Over all, the spinchter ring was holding my lund tightly as it fucked her ass. Ohhh I felt as if my lund was in some tight soft fist, jacking me off. The fucking was great and Moona was responding nicely. Her ass thrashed over my lund fucking me hard and fast. Moona was a real slut who knew how to fuck a lund once it was lodged in her choot or ass. She sucked asifs lund and we could see just his sack hanging, wondered if the slut ate it away!
	The boobs were rubbing on Ramesh's lund and I knew what was the pleasure two soft boobs can give! Ramesh was pushing his ass up for better contact and fucking the boobs of the whore. I think Ashutosh was tickling the slut on her feet because every now and then she used to kick off with the sensation and urging ashutosh not to tickle her. He then made her belly his target and rubbed his hard meat there. The fellow was getting pleasure tickling this slut as she fucked and sucked. Ohhh god! I was about to cum with the spinchter of her gaand milking me.. Ohh god! Yes! Yeah! Ahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh ass!gaand! oohh all is same just fuck it! Ahhh
Here I cum slut! Whore! Randi! Ohhh in your gaand! Feel it splash against the soft walls of your gaand Moona! Oohh Asif! Here I fill your wifes gaand with my cum! Ohhh yessss ssssoooooooooooo niceeee! Fuck fuck godddddddddddddddddd!
	Just spilled the cum. Now lick it out Asif! Taste the cum. Taste it and tell me. Ohhhh here my friends cum tooooo! Their cum all over the slut body, in thick globs.. trickling down wetting the skin and sticking to it like a glue! Take all the cum asif! You have great slut of a wife make her whore! Make her randi and invite the members of this group too fuck her every orifice. Ohhhh You are lucky! You have such a nice wife. She is lovely. Good fucking talents.. and over all.. she is  a slut, whore and a randi tooo.. nice for us all!
