Garage janitors also know how to service cars and wives 
By Bhuralund@gmail.com
 
I had sent the car to the garage and the delivery was in the late 
afternoon. I asked my wife if she could pick up the car later as I had 
a presentation to the board of directors at the same time and she 
agreed. However, just before the meeting was to start, the management 
decided to not include my presentation this time. So I called my wife 
to tell her that I would go and pick up the car...but she never picked 
up her phone. Anyway, I took a taxi to the garage thinking we could 
leave together after the car was ready. I was shocked to see a 
"closed" sign at the front gate of the garage when I reached. 
The garage is not in a very convenient area of the town and it is 
always very difficult to get any sort of public transport. Taxis are 
also not so frequent to that area. Perturbed, I walked around the 
garage and entered by the side door. The garage was indeed locked up... 
but further down there was a wooden ladder stacked against an attic 
like structure. I climbed up and realized that although it was not 
connected to the main building, I could see inside the building 
through the broken blinds. The main building is actually just a large 
hall with small partitioned office in the corner. The garage was 
empty.  I was about to turn back, when I heard loud voices and saw my 
wife coming out of the office. She was followed by a mechanic wearing 
dirty overalls. He was black and I remembered him as one of the 
cleaners in the garage. 
"Oh come on," my wife was saying, "If the car is ready, why can't I 
just take it?" 
"Well for one, I don't have the keys to the main entrance and there is 
no door big enough for you to drive the car out. And two, how can I be 
sure that it is really your car...you were not the one who brought this 
car you know," the old black janitor said. 
"Lookie here," my wife, who if I may say, is a bit stupid, hauled her 
driving license, "There that's me isn't it?" 
"Yeah my dear but it doesn't say that this is your car, does it?" 
"Oh Jesus, how I can prove that THIS is MY car..." my wife sounded 
really worried, "my husband will be furious if I don't get the car." 
I was about to get down and when I heard the bastard tell my wife, 
"Don't cry my baby, maybe we can work out something..." What could he 
possibly mean? Anyway I decided to first hear how he was planning to 
dupe my stupid wife of some money before banging on the door. 
"First, let me check if the car is ready or not. Okay sweetie?" he 
said and made me wonder how much did he really know about cars to 
check it up. Shit ass janitor! Anyway, he walked around the car and 
started fumbling with the zip of his overall before sliding in 
underneath.  As he was sliding in, my wife walked to his side and 
stood there, for a moment blocking my view. Then I heard her squeal. 
She sounded amused. 
She looked around and down again and again. As she moved slightly to 
the side I saw that the fuckin' asshole of that black janitor was 
exposing his floppy black cock to my wife...it looked horrendous - like 
a limp black sausage hanging  over to the left. Just the tip of it was 
visible - uncut, gnarled and puckered. I couldn't see clearly from the 
distant and just then I remembered that I had a digital camera in my 
briefcase. I hauled it out and zoomed to the old black mechanic. I 
must have taken a few minutes because when I zoomed, I saw my wife 
bent 90 degrees to stare at the black man's cock. Holy cow! What the 
fuck did she think she was doing? I am sure she thought that the old 
man couldn't see her just because she couldn't see him - she is THAT 
stupid. 
I focused on her face and I could see her eyes were as large as 
saucers.  I also noticed that although only the uncut tip of the old 
black cock was peeking out, his rather large black hairy balls were 
clearly visible through a tear in his overalls. The old man moved his 
legs a bit and suddenly one of his balls popped out completely - 
taking me and my wife by surprise. She looked around guiltily and bent 
a little more closer to inspect the old man's equipment.  I saw her 
face and whispered - forgetting that I was watching her through a 40 
times zoom lens - lick your lips, honey lick your lips. Oh no, don't 
get me wrong....I just wanted her to lick her lips as a big drop of 
saliva was dangling dangerously from her lips. But as fate would have 
it, before she could do anything, the big drop, still connected to her 
mouth, slowly fell down and landed straight on the tip of the old 
man's black cock. My wife straightened up guiltily and looked around 
again. The old man's cock - feeling the wetness in the creases of its 
wrinkled cock tip - stirred a little and poked out a little more. It 
was about three inches out of his fly - and it was still only the 
flared head of his cock. Jeez it was fat. 
I think my wife realized that it was a very dangerous thing to stare 
at another man's cock - especially an old black man's puckered old 
cock. So she did the smartest thing (well!) SHE could think of. She 
said loudly, "Mister, your penis is sticking out of your pants." I 
rolled my eyes. 
But the old man was cunning. "Sorry sweetie, do you mind if I ask you 
to put it inside again...my hands are all greasy." 
"What?" 
"I am saying, can you please put my cock back in my overalls and save 
an old man some embarrassment?" Yeah right! 
"Uhh...I dunno if I should be doing that," my wife gulped down and 
looked around again. 
"Oh come on now, you are just like my daughter," the cheeky old 
bastard cajoled her. 
"Okay...I will try...do you have any gloves or something that I can wear." 
"Does this look like a hospital to you...gloves! Huh...oh cum on you must 
have touched a cock in your life...just fuckin' stuff it back. Will ya?" 
Now, my wife is very submissive and easily intimidated by just about 
anyone. I'll tell you, even our dog can sometimes make her do things, 
she wouldn't want to. So she curled her lip in disgust (or was it 
lust, I wonder now) and sat down on tip toes. With her knees bent, she 
picked up the old man's cock with her two fingers...but as she picked it 
up gingerly, it moved out some more, slowly...she pulled and pulled and 
it kept coming out. Soon my wife's mouth was open wide in shock as the 
entire 10 inches of that horrible black meat was in her hand. It was 
jerking wildly in her white hand and she had to hold it with both 
hands to keep it from falling down.  While holding the black cock, her 
legs had parted a little bit and I was shocked to see a pair of eyes 
peeking at her panty clad pussy through her open dress. 
"Oh my gawd, it started leaking," she cried out loudly and I rolled my 
eyes again. How dumb could she be to think that a man's cock would not 
leak while being held by warm soft hands. 
"Sorry about that baby, can you wipe it or it will spoil my overalls." 
"Gimme something to wipe this thing." 
"Sorry I only have greasy rags...don't you have something - like a hanky 
or something?" 
"Nope, I don't carry hankys...puhleez. But yeah, maybe I could wipe with 
the hem of my dress," she said but she realized that her the hem of 
her short dress didn't reach the purple head of his black cock so she 
had to scoot a bit closer to the old man. 
She parted her bend legs a bit and thrust her pelvic forward to bring 
the hem closer to the old man's cock. But it was still short. So she 
scooted some more and as she started wiping the precum off his 
gigantic black pole with the hem of her dress, the cock jerked wildly 
and she fell backwards. As she fell down, the cock thumped down 
heavily because of gravity and its immense weight and landed on her 
panty clad pussy with a soft thud. 
"Ouch," she grimaced and tried to push the cock away. But it was very 
long and got stuck in the slip of her dress, "Oh my gawd, now see what 
you done to me...my panties are all wet and sticky with that stupid 
stuff from your penis. Sweet god...how horrible...I don't like this sticky 
feeling...I am gonna puke." 
"Oh cum on and shut up the whine," the old man retorted from under the 
car, "I just asked you to stuff my old cock back in my pants and you 
can't even do something as simple as that...now surely you gonna ruin my 
overall with all that dick slime on it...I am just checking YOUR car so 
just please help me out...okay?" 
By now she had somehow straightened up. She was holding the gigantic 
throbbing black cock in one hand at some distance and trying to wipe 
the precum juice from her panties with the other hand. "Okay but I 
will be darned if I use the hem of my dress again. Now that you have 
ruined my panties, I will just wipe your penis with that and throw the 
dam thing." 
"Suit yourself," I heard a chuckle in the old man's voice as my wife 
somehow pulled out her panties. I don't know how she did it but as she 
was pulling the second leg out of her soggy panties, the garment flew 
from her hand and landed under the car. I saw the old nigger inhaling 
the crotch of the white panties.  Then he handed the panties out to 
her...his hand fumbled and landed straight on top of her pussy slit. 
Because his finger was straight, it went right in...I think her slit was 
wet with all that precum from his cock soaked in through the panties 
but I could be wrong. She did what I expected her to. She screamed. 
"Watch it man!," she snapped, "Look you didn't see and now your finger 
is stuck in my fanny." She parted her legs some more and pointed to 
his finger stuck right up to his last knuckle deep down her pussy.  He 
didn't take it out straight as it had gone in but twisted it and took 
his own sweet time.  Anyway by that time, my wife was a hell lot 
frustrated - her dress was all messy with precum all over, her pussy 
was bare, her panties were a mess with a black stupid asshole of a 
janitor and her hands were slippery with all the free-flowing precum 
from that bastard's cock. It couldn't be worse than that, she must 
have thought! She should have waited before thinking that 
The giant black cock with the purple head and the never-ending supply 
of precum was throbbing and jerking wildly and my wife had trouble 
holding it straight, let alone to wipe it all clean and dry.  She must 
have thought it would be easier to just straddle the old man's legs to 
keep her balance. And she did manage well for some minutes as she 
wiped the slippery head of that purple cock. But the overhanging 
rather long foreskin kept sliding back up and she had to peel the 
black skin back and wipe again. But the wobbling of the cock - well 
she was able to control that at least. 
I think her bra was giving her some trouble or something, so she got 
up slightly...and adjusted her bra with her slime covered hands. From my 
camera lens - oh did I forget to mention that I accidentally pressed 
the record button and everything was being recorded but I didn't know 
that fact at that point of time - she looked like those porno flick 
sluts ready to descend on the cock. Then the cock hit her on the leg, 
while still standing she bent her body backwards (there was no space 
in front anyway) and tried to hold the cock straight with one hand 
while - scratching her what must have been a little itchy pussy with 
her other precum smeared hand. As I had hoped...er...expected she lost her 
balance and fell down. I still can't understand how she fell straight 
down; she should have flipped backwards and landed on his feet. But 
somehow she fell, supported herself by the car in front and just like 
a horror (for the faithful husband in me) or a porno (for the sexually 
charged voyeur in me) flick she descended down and the thick long 
ebony shaft slicing through her bare pussy. 
I saw mesmerized as the old black janitor's cock eased in effortlessly 
in my wife's tight husband-virgin pussy. 
"Aaaaahhhh," my wife screamed in pain (I think). 
"Mister...what have you done...see what have you got into me...I mean got me 
into...." She sobbed in between heavy breathing. I could see sheen of 
perspiration on her face as she desperately tried to pull the black 
cock out. She only succeeded in taking just half of the baby-making 
one-eyed monster out of her pussy, when the asshole thrust his 
buttocks up and embedded his cock to the hilt once again. 
"Don't do that mister...ehhh...it's gone inside too deep...aahhh....I am...I am 
gonna take it out.." she succeeded (with some effort as the cock was 
really sticking to hey tiny pussy) in pulling the cock out again...but 
five inches were still inside and the black janitor again thrust his 
hips to push all of his fat black old cock back in. He didn't stop. 
Before my wife could pull it out again, he started fucking her like a 
mad man. It's funny that he was still "checking" the car and only 
lower half of his body was sticking out. But he fucked my poor but 
stupid wife relentlessly for 15 minutes and finally as she 
involuntarily (I think) orgamsed with all that massive pounding by the 
fat black cock. She arched her back and gave a low scream and 
collapsed on the car. The janitor continued his assault and triggered 
by my wife's powerful orgasm gave one last push and I saw his big 
black hairy balls spurting baby-making fertile potent seed in my 
stupid wife's very cunning cunt. They stayed intertwined (I mean the 
pussy and cock stayed intertwined) for a few minutes and as my wife 
got up a flood of white creamy goo started dripping from her freshly 
fucked pussy. 
My wife hurriedly wore her battered precum soaked underwear and 
straightened her dress. I had to quickly stuff the camera in my 
briefcase, readjust my jutting hard on and run out before she did. I 
managed to make it appear as if I was just walking towards the garage 
when I saw her step out. She looked at me and her eyes again became 
like saucer pans. 
"Oh honey," she rushed to me and holding my face in her precum stained 
hands, "They had to close down for some emergency and the car is not 
ready yet. Don't worry; I will pick it up tomorrow." 
I thanked her and while we waited for the taxi to arrive, I emailed my 
secretary to tell her that I wouldn't be coming to work the next day. 
After all I didn't want to miss any fun and besides, I was sure 
tomorrow all the five "real" mechanics would be there to service my 
wife...er...car. 
The end.