Tanning with the Neighbor Boys...


School was out for the summer and I was determined to get a really great tan. I lived in a quiet neighborhood where most of the houses were surrounded by trees and shrubs. Each house was extremely secluded and it was pretty much impossible to see from one yard to the other. I never gave a second thought to anyone being able to see me as I lay out in my new bikini. It was a little skimpier than one I’d normally wear out in public.

After about a week of lying out, I was starting to get the foundation for a fantastic tan. It was early one afternoon that I just happened to notice some movement in my neighbor’s second story bedroom. I didn’t think anyone was home there during the day. Boy was I wrong. Come to find out, the neighbor who was divorced had two boys just a little younger than me who came for the summer.

When I first caught them looking at me, I felt really strange inside. I didn’t know whether to get up and run or what. As I lay there partially in shock and thought about them watching me, I noticed that my pussy was starting to get wet. Now that was a real surprise. Here I was being spied on by two strange boys and I was getting turned on.

It was then that I reluctantly decided to put on a little show for them. I can hardly believe how daring I was back then. I waited until I knew they were watching and took off my top, right there in the middle of my back yard. I always imagined their little peanuts getting rock hard as they stroked themselves while they watched me. I wish I could have seen them.

At first I’d just take my top off and play with my titties rubbing them all over with tanning lotion. I would pinch and run my fingernails across my hard nipples. Actually, I gave them quite a workout. My pussy would get so wet. I’d run inside and jack off in my room.

As the summer progressed, I got more daring. I would put my hand down my bikini bottoms and play with my pussy. Usually, I’d make myself cum three or four times in an afternoon. As I finished myself off, I’d pull my fingers out and lick them off just so they knew I had a good time.

After awhile, I noticed that they often had company over in the afternoons when it was time for me to tan. I’d see guys coming and going, a few of them I actually knew from school. I was glad they never said anything to me in the fall about what I did that summer. I suspect the boys next door made a lot of new friends.

By the end of the summer, I got so brave and so uncontrollably horny that I started to take my bikini bottoms off too. I’d be completely naked. I just couldn’t get the thought of what these guys looked like stroking their hard-ons out of my mind. I’d spread my legs and finger myself right in front of them. I'd be out there for an hour or an hour and a half just playing. I’m sure they could see everything. I’d get so excited and cum over and over again. I have no doubt they did the same.

It was the best tan ever…