 
My name is Sheela; I am 29 years old, married and have one kid.
This is not a story, it happened to me. This is to share my experience to you.
This happened 5 years back, before my marriage and I was in Dubai with my parents. 
When this happened I was 24 years old. We were two daughters for my parents; my sister is married to a software engineer. Sister's name is Nisha and her husband's name (brother in law) is Suresh Kumar.
 
On the first birthday of my sister's son, we had a birthday party at our home, it was families get together, very few close relatives and are invited.
On the party, I was offered Beer by Suresh Chettan (Sister's husband), without any hesitation I drunk. I drunk two /three glasses of Beer. And I got drunk very fast. And I lost my control. Somebody took me to my bedroom. I went to sleep.
Next day morning, when I got up, I got a shock. I lost some items from my body.
Somebody removed my panty and shaved my pussy.
I was in deep shock; I need to find out where are my stuffs. At the breakfast table I couldn't face anyone. And they all were pulling my legs because of I got drunk on previous day. But I was more concern about my panty and shaving.
When I reached back to my room, to my surprise, I saw one packet on my bed; it was my panty and pussy hairs.
When I look around to see who did all these. I saw Suresh chettan is standing on the door and smiling at me. I felt so embarrassed.
He told me, he was looking at my body since their marriage and waiting for a chance to see my pussy and drink the juice from it.
By hearing this I got annoyed, he continued, he mixed Vodka on my Beer and gave to me that am why I got drunk on the previous day.
He came inside the room and told me in my ears, my pussy is so nice and the smell from it made him crazy, he wanted to drink the juice from it. But, since I was sleeping he removed my panty and shaved my pussy and took all with him. 
On the other side, from the first day on wards, after their marriage, I was looking at his body, very strong and healthy man, lot of hair on his chest and he was 5' 10" and very well built body. I used to watch his body whenever he moves around without shirt. And masturbate by thinking about him.
When Suresh chettan told me he wanted to lick my pussy. I got shock and then I thought myself that is what I wanted from him.
After dinner, we all were watching movie, after some time Nisha Chechi went to their room, immediately after Sureshchettan also went to room.
I was imagining that Nisha Chechi and Suresh chettan would be having good fun.
After the movie, I went to my room, to my surprise Suresh Chettan is sitting in my bed.
He told me he finished with Nisha and she is in deep sleep.
Suddenly he got up from the bed and closes the door behind me. 
He told me: "Sheela, I don't want anything from you I am happy with your sister, she is very good and lovely wife".
He continued: "I wanted to see your pussy and lick from it, I like your pussy, you have to agree with me". Without my permission he put me in a chair and lifted up my nighty. I was shivering with fear. I tried to stop it. But he started to kiss my thighs and knees. I couldn't control any more. I start to crumble on the chair. I started to like his action.
He picked my legs, spread them and put it on the chair arms. This could see my pussy very well to him.
Suresh chettan started to kiss my inner thighs and he moved his face towards my pussy. He starts licking it over the panty. That was making me hotter and my pussy starts to shiver. And I knew I am getting wet.
He moved my panty to one side and started to lick it. This was the first time somebody licking my pussy. He was moving his tongue in a circular manner. That makes me more hotter. He was licking and sucking my pussy with great pleasure and he was making noise. I couldn't control myself. I hold his head towards my pussy and pressed towards me. His tongue was moving up and down on my pussy. He touched my clit with his tongue and tickled it. Clit aroused, by seeing the aroused clit he was more eager to suck it. That was uncontrollable for me. He spread my pussy lips with his two fingers and starts to suck my clit. He was licking my pussy like a dog. My whole pussy was inside his mouth; he was biting and sucking it. At last he sucked my clit to his mouth and don't want to release it. I was making noise with pleasure. He sucked my clit so hard, I think all my pussy went inside his mouth. With a great pleasure my juice came to his mouth.
He was licking every drop of my juice with great pleasure, his tongue was moving on my pussy like an emery paper.
He cleaned my pussy with his tongue and drunk all my juices. At last me moved my panty back in place. I was so thrilled by his action. He put my legs back on the floor and pulled back my nighty to normal position.
When he stood up in front of me, I saw his lips were filled with my pussy juice. And there were juices in his mustach also. I wanted to clean it with my lips but without saying any word he went out.
I was so thrilled and I felt my pussy has grown up more than before and I could feel there are some more pleasure from it. I went to toilet and washed it. While washing I could feel my clit wants some more lick, but Suresh Chetten has gone.
After that Suresh Chettan was a regular visitor to my room, but I never saw his dick or doesn't want anything other than my pussy.. I gave him whatever he wants and he was happy with that. This was on till my marriage.

Now I am in Singapore and they are in Dubai