Adults only, no prudes.  If you don't like sex stories containing people
engaging in weird perversions, or you can't separate truth from fiction,
get lost.  The author does not advocate or condone anything that goes on
in this story.

This story is mine.  You can repost it or archive it only if 1) you
don't change it, 2) my name and this disclaimer remain attached, and 3)
you aren't making money off it.  That includes posting it on some
slimeball banner farm web site.  Yes, that means you!

You know the drill: If you like it, let me know.  You can find this and
other stories of mine in the following archives:

www.asstr.org/~Richard_Bissell
www.asstr.org/~MichaelD/
www.storiesonline.net (under authors, MichaelD38)

I meant to post this yesterday and somehow forgot.  My apologies.

Thanks to L.S., who gave me the main idea for this chapter.

Overall Story Codes: Mf, MFf, Mm+/f, teen, bdsm, humil, mast, piercing,
oral, anal, gangbang

AMBER: THE MAKING OF A FUCK TOY

(C)opyright 2000 by Richard Bissell

---

Chapter 10.

The phone woke me up at 11:15.  I'd slept like a rock after servicing
the two girls together.  I reached across my bed and fumbled for the
receiver.

"Hello?"

"Mike?"  It was Amber, and she was whispering.

"Uh.  Hi.  What's up?"

"I'm in deep shit with my folks.  For coming home so late last night.
They were both waiting for me, and they chewed me out for like an hour."

I lay back on my pillow and threw an arm over my face.

"What did you tell them?"

"Nothing.  But that just made them more upset.  I'm grounded for at
least a week now, plus I have to go see the minister at our church
tomorrow."

I rubbed my eyes as I finished waking up.

"There are ways around that.  Let me worry about it."

"What can you do?"

"Give me a minute.  What happened with you and Meredith after you left?"

"Um.  Not much.  We just walked back to her place.  She was really cool
about it, and you.  She said she won't tell anyone.  She thinks it's so
cool that I'm sleeping with you."

"You believe her?"

"Yeah.  I guess so.  I'm not worried about her, I'm worried about my
folks."

"All right.  This is what we're going to do.  Hang up, and I'm going to
call your house in a minute.  Don't answer it.  Let your folks get it.
You'll know what to do when they get off the phone with me.  Just play
along."

"What are you going to do?"

"You'll see.  I'll see you in a little while."

"Okay."

She hung up, and I got out of bed.  I had never called Amber at home
(for obvious reasons) but I had her number and that of every other
student in my teacher's manual.  I found it in my office and looked up
her number.  The phone rang a couple of times before a woman answered.

"Hello?"

"Hi, can I speak to Mrs. Johnson please?"

"Speaking."

"Mrs. Johnson, my name is Mike Bradley.  I have your daughter Amber in
my American History class."

A long maternal sigh came over the line.

"Yes.  What's the matter?"

"I'm concerned about Amber's performance in class.  She was a decent
student when the semester started, but things have really gone downhill.
 She's on the verge of failing if things don't improve."

"Oh, no."

"I'm sorry.  It's frustrating, because I know she can do better.  She
used to participate in the class discussions, but lately she just sits
by herself and doesn't say a thing."

Another sigh.

"Believe me, I know what you mean.  We've been having all kinds of
trouble with her."

"Well, what I'd like to do, if it's not too much of an imposition, is
have her come by school this morning so she and I can go over her
classwork.  I'm hoping that might be enough to get through to her.
Sometimes kids just get lazy and need a kick in the butt to get moving
again."

"Do you think it would help?"

"It might.  It may also be that Amber is having trouble but is too shy
to ask for help.  If she's having trouble in one area, it can cause a
downward spiral in other areas.  The kids can just get frustrated and
give up.  I've seen it happen before."

"If you could help her, it would be just wonderful."

"I can't promise anything, but I at least want to try."

"Of course.  I'll send her right over."

"Actually, I'm not at school right now.  Why don't you bring her by
around noon?"

"Certainly.  Thank you so much."

I grinned to myself.

"It's my pleasure."

---

I showered and dressed and drove over to school.  I got there just
before noon.  I found Amber waiting on the front steps of the school
with her backpack over her shoulder.

"Hey."

"You know, my mom is even more pissed off now."

"Don't worry about her.  I can take of her."

I let her in the school, and she followed me to my room.  I shut the
door behind us.

"What did she say?"

Amber shook her head.

"Just whining about my schoolwork and 'how did things get this bad.'"

"When is she expecting you back?"

A smile creased her face for the first time.

"She's not.  She told me I was going to spend the entire day here if
that was what it took."

I returned the smile and sat at my desk.

"Let me see what you have in that bag."

She set it down on a desk and unpacked.  She had brought her History
textbook and class notes, but buried in the bottom were a spandex
miniskirt and a cropped baby T-shirt.

"Take off all your clothes."

Hesitating only briefly, she did.  In about ten seconds, she was
completely naked.  I pulled my key ring out of my pocket and slid a key
off of it.

"This is the key to the teacher's lounge.  Go make me some coffee and
bring it back here.  Black, no cream or sugar."

Amber's face went pale, but she took the key.

"I don't think anyone else is here today, but you'd best be careful.
You know how to make coffee, don't you?"

A frightened nod.

"Off you go, then."

She glanced toward the door, took an awkward step, then stopped.  I
stared at her.

"Amber.  Go, please."

She took a deep breath and scurried out the door.  I waited a couple of
minutes and then dialed the teacher's lounge on my classroom phone.  It
rang about ten times before someone answered very timidly.

"Hello?"

"Amber?"

The sigh of relief that came over the line was almost tangible.

"_God_.  You scared me to death."

"Did you make it there all right?"

"Yes."

"Having any trouble with the coffee?"

"No.  I've got it all right."

"Good.  Here's what I want you to do.  In the cupboard above the sink
are a bunch of coffee mugs.  Do you see it?"

I heard her moving around for a few seconds.

"Yeah."

"You should see a purple mug with a Northwestern University logo on it.
 Is it there?"

"Uh-huh."

"That's Principal Barclay's mug.  I want you to take it down and set it
on the floor."

"Okay."

"How's the coffee?"

"I think it still has a few minutes to go."

"Good.  I want you to start playing with yourself.  Finger yourself
until you start getting wet."

Amber gasped, then starting breathing hard into the phone.

"Just do it, Amber.  Think about last night.  Think about Meredith
eating your pussy."

She whimpered softly.

"Okay."

"Think about all the things I still have to do with you.  I'm sure
you've been doing a lot of worrying and fantasizing.  What's the
nastiest thing you've thought of so far?"

Her breathing came slow and heavy through the phone.

"The . . . the gangbang."

"You've been thinking about that?  About fucking fifteen guys at once
while I watch?"

"Yes," she gasped.

"What have you been thinking?"

"How you would do it.  What it would feel like.  Who they would be."

My dick began stiffening in my pants.

"Did it turn you on?"

She gasped again, and the gasp turned into a whimper.

"Oh, God.  I don't know."

"Yes you do."

Nothing but a sob--half pleasure, half despair--came over the line.

"Are you still fingering yourself?"

"Yes!"

"Are you wet?"

"Oh, God.  Yes."

"Take the Principal's mug and rub it all over your pussy.  Especially
the rim.  Get it as wet as you are."

She whimpered again, and I heard her fumbling phone as she complied.

"Okay," she said finally.  "I did it."

"Now piss into it.  Hold the phone by the mug so I can hear it."

Another gasp, another whimper of confusion, then Amber repositioning the
phone.  For a few seconds there was nothing, and then I heard the
unmistakable sound of her passing urine into the mug.  It went on for
about ten seconds before trickling off.  Then Amber came back on the
line, giggling nervously.

"Oh, my God.  Oh, my God."

"Pour your piss into the sink, but don't clean out the mug.  Just put it
back where it was to dry."

"Okay."

I heard her moving around, and when she came back on the phone, she had
succumbed to an attack of the giggles.

"Just finish the coffee and get back here."

"Okay."

She hung up.  About two minutes later, she came rushing back into my
room, flushed beet red from head to toe.  She slammed the door and
panted for breath against it.

"Amber.  My coffee, please."

She staggered over to my desk and set it down.  I took a sip.

"It's too strong."

Amber's giggles vanished.

"I'm sorry."

I set the coffee down.

"Where is my key?"

Amber's face went white.

"Oh, no."

I laughed softly.

"You'll have to go back and get it.  And while you're there, look in the
broom closet in the corner of the room.  I think there are a couple of
yardsticks in there.  Bring me one.  And don't forget to lock up this
time."

She stared at me, jaw vibrating, tears filling her eyes, and didn't
move.

"Amber," I said impatiently.

She turned and ran out of the room.  I waited thirty seconds before
dialing the lounge again.  It rang about fifteen times before Amber
answered.

"Hello?"

"Don't forget the yardstick."

"Okay."

"Are you still wet from what we were doing?"

Another whimper.

"Yes."

"Good.  When you lock up the lounge, I want you to put the key in your
pussy so you don't forget it and carry it back here like that.  I'm
going to look for it when you get here."

"Okay."

I hung up.  About a minute later, Amber burst back into the room holding
a yardstick.  I motioned for her to approach.  She did, eyes down.

"Spread your legs, then bend over and hold your knees."

When she assumed the position, I took a moment to admire her tight
little butt.  Underneath her, I could see all the piercings hanging down
from her tits, navel and bald pussy.  I pushed a finger into her.  She
was dripping wet and almost hot enough to scald me.  I found the key and
pulled it out.  Amber began to stand up, but I stopped her.

"Stay like that.  I told your mother I was going to discipline you, and
that's what I'm going to do."

"Oh, God," she gasped.

"This won't hurt too much."

She gasped for breath a few times but stayed put.  I swished the
yardstick through the air once or twice, then brought it around on
Amber's butt.  Not too hard, but hard enough to make a loud "smack" and
leave a red stripe across her ass.  Amber cried out and convulsed once.
 I swatted her again, this time coming up from below and smacking the
lower part of her buttocks.  She cried out again, and the cry turned
into a sob.  I swatted her five times, getting her butt quite red,
before letting her up.

When she stood up, her cheeks were streaked with tears, and she rubbed
her behind with both hands to smooth away the burn.  I motioned her to
come forward, and she climbed into my lap, sobbing onto my shoulder.

"Come on.  I didn't hit you that hard."

She buried her face against my neck, saying nothing.  I reached between
her legs, finding her even hotter and wetter than before, and began
playing with her.  She convulsed in my arms, shuddering, and I brought
her to orgasm in little more than fifteen seconds.  I kept two fingers
inside her, fucking her slowly, working her clit ring back and forth.

Gradually she let go of her grip on my neck.  I wiped the tears from her
face.

"Did that feel good?"

She nodded, not looking at me.

"Because I spanked you first?"

She shuddered again, then nodded.

"Remember what I told you a while back.  Everything I do is for your own
good."

She swallowed down the last of her tears.

"I know.  I'm trying so hard."

"I know you are.  Come on, back to work."

She slid off my lap and stood before me.  I found the key to the
teacher's lounge and slipped it back inside her pussy.  She quivered for
a moment but let me.

"Go back to the lounge.  I'll call you and tell you want to do."

"Okay."

She took a deep breath and ran out the door.   I waited a couple of
minutes before calling her this time.  She answered on the second ring.

"Mike?"

"Tell me something."

"What?"

"How does it feel to be running around the school halls naked?  What are
you thinking of on these trips back and forth?"

"Um.  I'm scared.  Nervous that someone else is here."

"Go on."

"It doesn't feel real.  My whole body is shaking."

"You're thinking about all the other days you've been at school, with
all the other kids around."

"Yeah."

"Is it turning you on?"

A whimper.

"You know it is."

"I do.  I just want to hear you say it."

"It's turning me on," she gasped.  "I'm so wet the key keeps slipping
out while I'm running.  I have to, you know, squeeze my pussy to keep it
inside."

"All right.  Very good.  Here's what I want you to do.  Get all the
coffee mugs out of the cupboard, including Principal Barclay's.  Line
them up on the counter in one long row."

"Okay."

She set the phone down and I heard her clinking around for about a
minute.

"I did it.  Now what?"

"Come back here and give me a blow job."

I heard a short gasp, then she hung up.  Soon afterward, she burst back
into my room.  I had already dropped my pants, and I now held out my
erection for her.  She knelt in front of me without a word and swallowed
me up.  I caressed her hair as she bobbed over me, sucking and slurping.
 I reached down to play with her nipple rings, twisting her firm little
nips back and forth.  She bobbed faster, forcing more and more of my
cock into her throat.  She couldn't get it all, but neither was she
gagging on me as she used to.  She got all but the last inch or two,
inhaling me, before withdrawing and trying again.

I was too turned on to withstand much of this.  Amber sensed my growing
arousal and pulled back to suck on just the head.  She held it between
her tongue and palate and slurped on it rapidly.

"When I come," I grunted.  "Don't swallow it.  Hold it in your mouth."

She nodded her assent, and a few moments later, I emptied my balls in to
her cheeks.  She milked the last bits out with her fist and sat back.

"Go back to the lounge," I gasped.  "Spit my come into the coffee mugs.
 Just a drop or two each.  Get some into every one.  Then wait for my
call."

Amber stood up slowly--the look on her face told me she had expected
this--and left the room.  I pulled up my pants and straightened myself
up.  I waited a few minutes and called her.

"Mike?"

"How did it go?"

She giggled nervously.

"I got them all.  I still had some left when I did the last one, so I
spat it into Principal Barclay's mug.  Was that okay?"

"Wonderful.  Now put them all back where you found them."

She did, then returned to the phone.

"Now what?"

"Come back here.  I have another job for you."

She hung up and returned to the room.  She was stifling laughter when
she came through the door.

"Oh, God.  I don't know if I can come to class on Monday.  I'll never be
able to keep a straight face."

I smiled at her.

"Me neither.  Come here."

I extracted the lounge key from her pussy and inserted another.

"That's my key to the administration office.  Go there and wait for me
to call you."

She gulped.

"But someone might be there."

"Yes.  Perhaps.  Go."

Amber lurched toward the door, fighting her agitation, then left.  This
time I waited almost five minutes before calling her, just to let her
stew.  She answered the phone in the middle of the first ring.

"Hello?"

"Make it there all right?"

"God!  What happened?  I was going crazy waiting for you."

"Nothing happened.  I just wanted you to get situated."

I listened her labored breathing over the phone for a few seconds.

"Go see if the Principal's office is locked."

She set down the phone and came back a moment later.

"It's not."

"All right.  Hang up and go sit at Barclay's desk."

"Okay."

I called her back on the Principal's direct line.

"Mike?"

"In the left corner of his desk is a little gold statuette.  It's a
community service award Barclay got from the Rotary Club.  You see it?"

"Yeah."

"What's it remind you of?"

Silence for a moment or two, then--

"Oh, my God."

"The teachers like to call that thing 'Barclay's Dildo.'  It's an inside
joke around the teacher's lounge.  I think it's time to see if it can
live up to that appellation."

"Oh, no.  Mike, I can't do that.  Not here."

"Amber, since when is the word 'no' in your vocabulary?"

She began to cry over the phone.

"Mike, please."

"Put your feet up on Barclay's desk.  Put your heels on the edge.  Then
I want you to start masturbating with that thing.  Keep doing it until
you come.  I'm going to sit here and listen to you."

Nothing but a couple of sobs came over the line.

"Amber, do you remember every other time we've gotten this point?  When
I've pushed you to what you think are your limits?"

"Yes," she whimpered.

"And what happens when you give in and do what I ask?"

She sniffed once, then answered me.

"I like it," she said very weakly.

"So?"

I listened to her gasped for breath as she battled her inhibitions.

"Okay.  I'll do it."

"Very good."

I heard her moving around, then Barclay's chair squeaking as she got
into position.  Nothing but various snuffling and breathing noises came
over the line for about ten seconds.

"Where is that thing now?" I asked.

"In me," Amber gasped.

"All the way?"

Another gasp.  "It is now."

"How does it feel?"

"Cold.  But . . . it feels good."

"Keep going."

As I listened to her getting herself off, I quickly realized that I was
missing ninety percent of the show.  I battled my indecision for a few
seconds before setting the phone down and getting up.  I left the room
and headed down the hall to the Admin office.

When I got there, when I entered the outer office, I could hear Amber's
moans and gasps of passion.  I walked quietly up to Barclay's office and
peered in the door.

Amber was leaning back in Barclay's chair, feet up on his desk, with
that stupid statuette buried in her pussy.  She was rapidly fucking it
in and out of herself with one hand and holding the phone with the
other.  But her eyes were closed and she seemed to have no awareness of
my presence.

I watched her growing closer and closer to orgasm, and my cock began
stiffening in my jeans.  Finally, Amber let out a sharp cry, threw
herself back in the chair, and came all over Barclay's award.

I waited a few more seconds before speaking up.

"Very nice."

Amber started so violently that she almost fell out of the chair.  The
statuette went clattering onto the floor.  She gaped at me for a few
seconds, heart hammering in her chest.

"I decided I wanted to watch."

She sagged in the chair.

"God.  You almost gave me a heart attack."

"Get out of the chair.  Turn around and sit on the edge of the desk."

She complied as I came around to where she was.  She watched mutely as I
freed my erection, simply positioning herself so I could enter her.  As
I slipped easily into her drenched, overheated pussy, she simply wrapped
her arms around my chest and buried her face against my neck, holding me
tightly.

I fucked her slowly for a few moments.

"How was that?" I asked.

"Good," she said softly.  "I started thinking about Principal Barclay.
About how he gave me some crap about the way I was dressed a couple of
weeks ago.  Then it wasn't so hard."

I paused, letting myself soak inside her.

"What were you wearing that day?"

"Um.  That blue skirt, the lycra one.  He said it was too short.  So I
pulled it down a couple of inches, but that really exposed my midriff.
His face got kind of red when I did it.  I think he could tell I didn't
have panties on, but he couldn't make himself say it."

"Do you think you turned him on?"

She shuddered as I pushed myself all the way into her.

"I think so."

"I wonder if you're the first student to get fucked on his desk."

Actually, I doubted that Steve Barclay was dumb enough for something
like that, given his high profile, but there _was_ one other person he
might have boned in his office.  That person was a middle school teacher
named Cindy Reynolds, whom Barclay had been dating on and off the last
few years.  But that was nasty bit of gossip I didn't want to be
responsible for starting.

Amber laughed at my joke, and it felt good around me.

"Squeeze me," I said.  "Show me what you've been doing with that dildo I
gave you."

Her pussy immediately contracted around my cock, more tightly than I
would have expected.  Then she began to pulse and flutter herself around
me.

"Do you like that?"

I groaned, thrusting faster.  She giggled and kept it up.  As it had
been with her blow-job, the lead-in to this had been too arousing, and I
squirted off inside her after scarcely another minute.  She just held me
close, taking it all.

When I withdrew, my come oozed slowly out of her onto Barclay's desk.
She watched it, giggling nervously.

"Should we clean it up?"

"It should be dry by Monday.  Leave it."

She let it all out, then hopped off the desk.  I replaced Barclay's
Dildo in its spot in the corner and led her out of the Admin office.  I
walked slowly back to my room, as much as I could tell Amber wanted to
run.  She watched around every corner for anyone who might see us.

When we got back, I found the outfit she had brought with her.

"Get dressed.  We have more to do today."

---

-To be continued.-

---

Amber: The Making of a Fuck Toy
Copyright 2000 by Richard Bissell
Free redistribution permitted; no commercial use without authorization.

-- 
Pursuant to the Berne Convention, this work is copyright with all rights
reserved by its author unless explicitly indicated.
+---------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| alt.sex.stories.moderated ----- send stories to: <story-submit@asstr.org> |
| FAQ: <http://assm.asstr.org/faq.html>  Moderator: <story-admin@asstr.org> |
+---------------------------------------------------------------------------+
|Archive: <http://assm.asstr.org> Hosted by Alt.Sex.Stories Text Repository |
|<http://www.asstr.org>, an entity supported entirely by donations.         |
+---------------------------------------------------------------------------+

