After Mom's visit, our relationship seem to change.  Instead of talking about the mundane daily stuff or work, Lynn would talk about future assignments, promotions and retirement.  She talked about me taking leave with her and meeting her family.  I was wondering what her and Mom talked about during their time together.  I can't believe that Mom would put a bug in her ear about us getting married, but it appeared that she had.

Lynn started to get insistant about me meeting her parents.  I still had the same trepidation that I had when she met my mother, but not as much.  I finally agreed and we arraigned for leave right after the Memorial day weekend.  It was hard for both of us to get time off together as our shop was so small, but Chief Bradley pressured the CO to give us a break.  We did manage to get one week off. 
     
We took Lynn's car and drove up to Indianapolis.  We left on a Friday night, stopping at the Waffle House for supper and driving straight through to Atlanta.  We stopped in Marietta for the night.  We ate breakfast, gassed up, and got back on the road.  We stopped in Nashville for lunch and Columbus, Indiana for gas.  Lynn called her parents to let them know we would be there shortly.  She drove the rest of the way as she knew where she was going.

Her parent's house was out in the country, surrounded by trees.  You could not see it from the road.  We drove back about two hundred yards and came to a clearing.  The house was a ranch style, but considerably larger  than any I had seen before.  There was a large garage off to the left.  The drive ended in a circle by the main entrance, and we parked right in front of the door.  

"Mom, Dad, we are here."
Her parents came out to meet us.  Her father was rather slim, but with well muscled with no visible excess weight.  He was about 5'10", an inch taller than me and weighed around 150 pounds.  He had short dark hair, almost a military cut.  Her mother was an older duplicate of Lynn, except for larger breasts and hips.  Her hair was identical to Lynn's, without a trace of grey.
"Mother, Father, this is Don."
I stuck out my hand.  "Pleased to meet you, Sir."
"None of this "Sir" shit around here.  I'm John and this is Debi."
With that, he threw his arms around me in a bear hug.  After he released me and I caught my breath, her mother hugged me.  Not as tightly, but more intimately, pushing her breasts into my chest, like a woman greeting a lover in a public place.  
I thought, "Well, at least they are friendly."
"Guys, let me help you with your bags."
"Thanks, Daddy."
Lynn had an overnight bag as she had clothes here in her closet.  I had two small suitcases and a garment bag, which held both sets of greens.
"Which rooms are you putting us in?"
"Well, since I figure you two are fucking like minks in the spring, we'll put you two in the guest room."
"JOHN!!"
"DADDY!!"
I turned bright red, but did not say anything.  As he seemed to know the score, I was grateful that we wouldn't have to be celibate for the week.
"Just ignore him.  Sometimes he can be outrageous.  But, anyhow, Don, Lynn has told us so much about you I feel that you are almost a part of our family."

We grabbed our bags and went in.  We entered a large living room that had a formal dining area off to the left side and a kitchen in the back.  I could see large sliding glass doors that opened to the back yard.  There was a hallway that ran off to the left and one to the right.  We headed down the right one.
We passed a door on the left, and Lynn said, "This is Mom and Dad's room.  Ours is right next to them.  The rooms on the right are Dad's office and my bedroom."

We entered the guest room.  I was stunned.  It was huge.  The back wall had a large sliding glass door to the back yard.  There was a king size bed on one side, with the entire wall on the other side being closets.  There was an en suite bathroom on the other wall, with a large sunken tub with a shower.  There was a toilet, bidet, sink, and vanity with lighted mirrors.  The bathroom area was terrazzo, while the rest of the room had plush carpet in dark green.  Between the bathroom area and the carpeted area, there was a bench with two large stacks of white towels.  I had stayed in many luxury resorts with my mother, but this room put them to shame.
I put my bags on the bench and glanced at the towels.  They were the ones you would see in the best resorts, very soft and fluffy.  I noticed that one stack has a small, black "L" monogram in the corner, while the other was marked "G".
"We will go ahead and leave you two alone.  You must be tired after all that travel."
With that, Debi pushed her husband out and closed the door behind her.  Lynn opened the sliding doors.
"It is nice out tonight.  We can get some breeze in here."
We stripped and went right to bed.  It felt good to lie next to her, skin to skin.  We fell right to sleep.

I woke up the next morning to the bright sunshine streaming into the room.  It took a few seconds to realize where I was.  I still could not get over the luxuriousness of this house.
I looked out the sliding door and saw the back yard.  There was a covered patio with a grill right outside of the kitchen.  Situated about 10 feet away from the house and between the bedroom doors was a large spa that looked like it could hold about eight people.  There was a shower area on the side of the house so people could clean up before using the spa without having to go inside.  Beyond that, there was a large swimming pool with a diving board.  There was a small bath house alongside of it with three outdoor showers.  The rest of the backyard was a large trimmed lawn about an acre and a half in size.  It was completely surrounded by forest, so there was complete privacy.

I took a quick shower and decided to head down to the kitchen to see if I could get a bite.  Lynn was just stirring as I left.  
I walked into the kitchen.  I smelled bacon, eggs, and pancakes on the stove.  Lynn's mother was just setting the table.  She had a large cook's apron on.
"Breakfast will be ready in a just a few moments."
She turned around, and to my amazement, she was naked under the apron.
"A little overdressed, aren't we?"
I turned around, and there was Lynn, completely naked, carrying one of the towels that I saw last night.
"I guess I forget to tell you that my parents are nudists also."
I went back into the guest room and stripped.  I went over to the pile of towels and hesitated for a second.  I looked at them again, and realized the monogram "L" was Lynn and the "G" was for guest.  I would bet that her parent's towels were monogrammed "J" and "D".
I went back down to the kitchen.  By now, Debi had taken off the apron and was serving the food.  My earlier impression was correct.  Except for the larger breasts and hips, Debi was an older version of her daughter.  Even the luxurious tangle of hair on her mound was the same texture and shade as her daughter's.
John came into the kitchen area.  I saw that he was indeed well-toned without a trace of excess fat on his body.  Looking down, I saw he had a tangle of dark hair over a rather impressive package.

We ate a huge breakfast.  After the dishes were cleared, we went into the living room.  We talked about our families, the army, current events, and the future.  
Lynn's father was a civil engineer that did large and unusual structures, such as large radio towers, oil terminals, and airports.  He owned his firm and employed about thirty people.  Lynn later told me he was worth just a little less than my mother.
  
We had a late afternoon lunch, after which I was shown the rest of the house.  Lynn's room was opposite the guest room.  Although significantly smaller, it was still well appointed.  It was all frills, typical of a teenage girl's room.  She still had all of her personal belongings and most of her civilian clothes there.  There was a door leading to a full bath, which was shared with her father's office.  Her fathers office had a desk covered with papers and several shelves around the walls stacked with prints and spec binders.  Typical office for a busy engineer.
We went to the other side of the house.  It was a mirror image of the right side of the house, except the rooms had different functions.  The first room on the right was a family/TV room.  There were several shelves of books and a very fancy stereo system with a tape deck and turntable.
The first room on the other side was a room for Debi's hobbies.  It was filled with quite a few craft projects in various stages of completion.
Next to it was a half-bath.  The last room was a laundry/utility room with a door to the garage.
I was impressed with the house.  They had the money to do whatever they wanted and they had this house built to suit them.

John turned around and asked, "Do you like NASCAR?"
"Sure, I watch it when I can."
"The race is on in about 20 minutes.  Would you like to watch it?"
"Sure,"
We went into the den and he turned on the TV.  
"I am a sponsor of several cars, but the little I put in just gets my name in half-inch letters on the car and on the label of the driver's suit."

After the race was over, we went out and swam in the pool.    John did laps for his exercises while Lynn, Debi, and I just lazily swam back and forth across the pool.  When the sun started to set, we showered up and decided to call it a day.  Lynn and I were still tired from the previous day's drive.  

We went to the room and unpacked our clothes.  The closet space was enough to park two Volkswagens and still close the doors.  Four of them would be the total floorspace of Lynn's or my quarters back at post.
The sun had just set, and the moon was casting a soft glow over the backyard.  As the evening was still nice, again we decided to sleep with the door open.  Lynn was standing by the door, looking out.
"What are you looking at?"
"Mom and Dad are in the spa."
"So?"
"Watch"
I walked over to where she was standing.  I looked out and saw her Dad sitting on the edge while her Mom was sucking his penis.
I was dumbstruck.  I was afraid they would see us, the spa being less than 20 feet from us.  Although the sliding door was fully open,  we were in the shadows.
"I like to watch, too."  
This was a side of Lynn I never knew.  What more surprises did she hold?
They had changed positions.  They were facing us and she was sitting on his lap facing away from him with his penis deep inside her pussy.  He holding on to her breasts, pinching her nipples.
Lynn brought a chair over to where I was standing.  She placed it in front of me and bent over it, exposing her pussy from the rear.  
Wiggling her ass at me, she said, "Don't just stand there.  Get over here."
I walked over behind her and slipped my penis into her very wet pussy.  I gripped her by the hips and stroked in and out.  
Her mother started to orgasm rather loudly.  Her Father was thrusting hard and grunting as her Mother has the strained look of bliss on her face.

After a few moments, her parents got up, they turned toward us, and with a big grin on their faces, they waved at us.  They went over to the shower and when they finished, they went in.  I was amazed.  They evidently were as turned on by us watching them as they were turned on by having sex in front of others.
I felt Lynn's pussy start its climactic contractions, which pushed me over the edge.  Her orgasm was in full swing when I spurted.  
We showered and went to bed, snuggling with each other.  Lynn drifted off to sleep, but I still lay awake for quite a while thinking.  I had enjoyed the fact that I had not worn clothes at all today gave me a wonderful feeling.  The experience watching her parents making love was unbelievable. This had to be one of the most mind-blowing days of my life.

I started to think that maybe my Mother was right.  Was this the woman for me?  I knew I would never find another like her.  She and her family were unique.

But still, I wondered about my situation with my mother.....