Tami Gets Clothes Back 
by Katie Irwin 

(Based on the “Unintentional Nudist” series by Donnylaja. This series can be found at Writings of Leviticus's Website under Forced Nudity) 

PLEASE NOTE: 
The characters of this story are completely stolen from Donnylaja's series, “Unintentional Nudist.” In the series, Tami goes on a streaking dare during her first week of college and gets caught. To get out of it, she claims that she is a religious nudist and her rights must be honored. The college, a strict religious school, has no choice but to comply with her demands, so she is allowed to stay naked. Now that she is involved, she can't get out of it. Eventually the dean and the college lawyer force her through all kinds of humiliation to get her to admit she lied. 
I totally love this story and often think about it, imaging myself as Tami. This story came about during one of my dreams and takes place a few weeks into the semester, after her winter break. Hope you like it. 


CHAPTER 1 

“OH, OH UHHH!” Tami Smithers was in a position that was getting to be a regular spot for her. The always nude student was on her bed, legs spread. Jen, her roommate, had her head buried in between, her tongue playing Tami's pussy expertly. Jen knew how to get Tami to cum, having had much experience over the past few weeks, and could also wrestle many orgasms out of her naked roommate, testing the bounds of her stamina. 
Tami had never known orgasms like she had experienced in the past few weeks, with Jen licking her every moment and her boyfriend Rod fucking her every chance he got. Tami was one satisfied woman that way, feeling physical and emotional love unlike any she had ever felt before. 
But the orgasms came with a price, constant nudity and humiliation. Ever since that first week of school when her former RA Wanda (unaffectionately known as Wandabitch to Tami and her friends) had dared her to streak and she had gotten caught, she had been naked, forced to live a lie she had told to avoid getting expelled. She had told the dean then that she was a religious nudist and the school's lawyer (the increasingly evil Henry Ross) had told the dean they had no choice but to allow the girl to go nude. But Dean Jorgon had made the point that any slip by Tami would show that she was lying and would result in immediate expulsion from school so she was stuck. 
“OH, OH UGGGGHHH!” Tami rode the waves of her first orgasm. She and Jen had a little time as Mandy, their new roommate, wasn't due back until noon. It was now 10:30, plenty of time for Jen to take Tami to several orgasms. 
Tami's father had flipped when he found out about his naked daughter and made her live the naked life even at home. Tami had not worn a scrap of clothing since early December, a humiliating and bare five months ago. In fact, she did not own any clothes. Wandabitch and her friends had cleaned her room out of all of her clothes at school and when she arrived home for Thanksgiving break, her bedroom and closet were completely empty too. In fact, she was not allowed anything that might cover her, no blankets, sheets, pillows or even towels. She was given just a few washcloths to dry herself but nothing that could conceivably cover her nakedness. 
OH GOD!! OHHHH GODDD!! UHHHH!! The orgasm came and came before fading just a bit. Tami rested her bare butt back on the bare mattress as Jen's tongue continued its magic. The girl loved to lick Tami's pussy and was happy to do it for hours. Only occasionally did she ask Tami to return the favor and the nude girl, though far from a lesbian, had done so, very well in fact. But mostly, Jen was perfectly happy to lie there, fully clothed, and tongue her friend to orgasm after orgasm after orgasm. 
It wasn't long before Tami's second orgasm came along. “OH, OH UHHHHH! OH GOD!!! AHHHH!!! As she crested into this second cum, the phone rang. Neither girl reached for it, choosing to stay in the intimacy of the moment. 
OH, OH OH!!!! “You have reached Jen, Tami and Mandy. Leave a message at the beep! BBBBEEEEEPPP!!” 
“This message is for Tami. This is Anthony Noyes from the Scholarship Committee and the Board of Trustees.” 
Tami's eyes sprang open, her orgasm interrupted. She tried to shut her legs but Jen was too powerful. “Jen, please I have to take this call. OHHH GOD!!! OH OH!!” The naked girl reached as far she could, rubbing her bare ass along the mattress. But Jen kept her mouth sealed to the naked and spread pussy as Tami reached the phone. 
“OH, OH, helloo, Mr. Noyes,” she cupped her hand over the mouthpiece as another moan escaped. “Jen, please stop,” she begged in a whisper. 
“Yes, Miss Smithers, did I wake you?” 
OH OH OH!!! “nnnoo, Mrr. Noyes, I had an early class thisss morrninggg..” Again she cupped the mouthpiece as she moaned again. 
“Well, Tami, I need to see you right away. Can you meet me in 15 minutes or so in the conference room down the hall from Dean Jorgon's office?” 
OH OH AHHHHH!!! Tami crested into her third orgasm. “NN-haaa! YYeeassss…sssirrr!!” OHHH! Her head was still on the mattress and the phone was on her ear while the rest of her body arched. 
“See you then.” CLICK. The phone died and Tami let loose with a loud cum. She was dreading the coming meeting and let the intimate time with Jen continue for a few minutes before getting the strength to pull away. 
“Sorry Tam, I just couldn't stop, hope I didn't ruin your phone call,” the petite black girl said. 
Tami shook her head, coming down from the mixture of euphoria of the orgasm and embarrassment of cumming in Mr. Noyes' ear. “Just one of the board members, wanting to talk to me about something,” Tami said. “I'm sure it's nothing. Mr. Noyes is on my scholarship committee.” 
But the naked girl was churning inside. Her last encounter with Noyes had been anything but pleasant. He had challenged her nudity after meeting her and her father over Christmas break. Because of him, she had been forced to go to her friend's house for a party and there she had gotten drunk and made a naked fool of herself. He had also forced her into going to Midnight Mass, leading to her getting hauled to jail. No, this Noyes was not a nice man and the encounter was probably not going to be pretty. 
Tami hopped to her feet and gave Jen a kiss as she passed. “Thanks for that Jen, you make me feel so good,” she said. The other girl smiled at Tami adoringly, “you know I love doing it to you. I just love your pussy.” She grabbed one of the little towels she was allowed and headed into the bathroom. She wanted to shower and get her musky feminine odor off her sex before her meeting. 
As she headed for the shower, she passed a full-length mirror on the wall in the bathroom. She had to admit that she did have a perfect body. Her breasts were just right her body, round and high on her chest with two pointy nipples. Her belly was conclave, sloping down to meet her slightly flaring hips that led to two long and shapely legs. Her legs gaped where they met at her pussy, displaying two prominently plump pussy lips. 
The girl sighed as she thought about the fact that her breasts and pussy were probably more widely recognized on campus than her face. No other girl in history had to worry about the things that she did. Her nudity made her unique in the world. 
As she headed into the shower, Tami grabbed her razor and a bottle of shaving gel from a bucket that she kept in there. Despite the humiliation of always being on display and naked, Tami would have been even more mortified if there were stubble on her armpits or legs. After all, she was a girl and she was a freak when it came to shaving, sometimes doing it more than once a day. A naked girl can never be too careful! She had allowed her pubic hair to grow back after Jen had trimmed it for the Black Formal…she wanted all of the covering she could get. 
Finally she was done and was on her way to the administration building. Of course it was freezing outside, but Tami had dealt with worse. The wind bit at her, attacking her poor, defenseless body. She walked with her head bowed and her arms crossed over her breasts, trying to conserve some heat. It was no use but it did offer Tami the illusion of some covering. Of course she was still essentially naked but somehow this felt covered to the girl who was allowed no covering at all. 
As always, the cobblestones in the courtyard of the administration building hurt her bare feet but she trudged on. Once inside, she savored the warmth of the spacious lobby. Again, she felt even more naked in this building, filled with important adult people in business suits. In the reflection of the elevator door, she saw the woman next to her checking her out. Tami closed her eyes in shame as she waited. She prayed to God for the strength to make it through, to somehow lose her inhibitions and not let the staring bother her. But it was hopeless…she was still modest, even after all this time. 
The two women entered the elevator together and pressed the buttons. Tami so envied this woman's business suit and heels. The blazer looked so warm and what she wouldn't do to be allowed stockings and shoes. Even those high heels would be welcome to this girl who had never worn anything higher than one inch heels in her life. 
Tami closed her eyes and shook her head. From experience she had learned not to crave something so badly. It did her no good since fate seemed to be working towards keeping her naked forever. 
The door opened and the woman got off. Tami breathed a sigh of relief, enjoying being alone. She wondered if she could have overpowered that woman and stripped her. Maybe changed places for a while. Oh God, she was losing her mind. 
Finally she reached her floor and Tami stepped off. Here the floors were carpeted, a welcome relief from the cold marble floors of the lobby and the cold, hard concrete outside. She found the conference room she had been directed to go to and knocked. 
“Come in please.” 
Tami hesitantly pushed the door open and saw Noyes sitting at a table. She also saw two others adults, a woman and a man, both dressed in business suits. Tami noticed that again Noyes paid little attention to her nudity but the other two people were shocked at her appearance, though they obviously knew of her. 
“Miss Smithers, come in,” Noyes said, his contempt of her just barely below the surface. “Miss Smithers, I would like to introduce Ernestine Frank Duffy, great-grandniece of one of our founders, and Rev. Harold Duffy, her husband. Both are members of our Board of Trustees.” 
The two people nodded towards the naked girl, who smiled nervously. She hated being naked but was especially embarrassed at doing it in front of two important people. Tami felt their judgment on her and died another death inside. 
“I am not going to beat around the bush on this one Miss Smithers,” Noyes said. “Although I cannot prove it, I do believe that your religious claim is a sham. However, Rev. and Mrs. Duffy and I have decided that we have allowed this nonsense to go on for too long.” 
Tami started to shake. Was this the end? Was she being expelled? After all this time of exposure and humiliation, it was all crashing down on her anyway. 
“Please Mr. Noyes, I am truly a religious nudist, please you have to believe me,” she said, tears streaming down her face. 
“No, begging is out of the question,” he said. “We must insist that you follow the morality of this institution and wear clothes. I am sorry, there is no way around it.” 
Out of the cloud of her tears and jumbled thoughts, Tami heard the magic words. CLOTHES! SHE MUST WEAR CLOTHES. He had said it. 
“What did you say,” she asked, surprised at where the conversation was going. 
“Look Miss Smithers, if you are trying to trap me into some lawsuit or something, I won't have it,” he said angrily. “A school of our reputation cannot allow a student to walk around naked. Rev. and Mrs. Duffy and I agree on this.” 
Tami knew she had to keep her happiness from pouring out of her. This might be the hardest acting job she had done since the beginning of this farce. She now had to pretend that she loved being naked, that she would fight the right to clothes. 
“Mr. Noyes, what about my religious freedom,” she asked. “Are you forcing me to wear clothes?” 
“Miss Smithers,” the older woman said, “please be reasonable. We can't have a naked student running around. It is not acceptable.” 
“But my religious rights need to be taken into account here,” she said. “I can't believe the college would deny me my rights.” 
The three trustees looked at each other in silence for a moment and then Noyes spoke. 
“Tami, I understand your concerns and we will discuss it further,” he said. For a second Tami froze in horror…had she damaged her chance at wearing clothes again? “Until that time, you must conform with our religious code. You have one hour to comply with regulations and wear clothing in all public areas of the college. You may still be naked in your room and dorm if you choose but out in the commons, the classroom buildings and the dining hall, you must be fully clothed.” 
Halleluja! Her prayers had been answered! Tami tried mightily to not smile from ear to ear as she looked at the three people in the room. She still had to pretend that she was a religious nudist. Finally she spoke, as deadpan as possible. 
“I will respect your wishes for now but I am not happy about this,” she said softly. “I really want to be naked and I feel that my religious beliefs are being stepped on.” 
“Fine Miss Smithers, your objections are noted,” Noyes said. “Also, you still have to fulfill your obligations at Chalfont and with the art classes, unless there is a problem with your nudity.” Tami shook her head vigorously. 
“You may go now and we will have a larger discussion of these matters when the dean returns from his conference. Good day Miss.” 
Tami turned and left the conference room, trying not to skip down the marble hallway. She felt the cold on the bottom of her bare feet and knew that would be the last time she would have that feeling. Her legs were bouncing as she waited for the elevator and she nearly jumped into the empty car when the doors opened. 
“YES YES YESS!!!! FINALLY! THANK YOU GOD!!” she screamed in the privacy of the elevator car. She wasn't even upset when the door opened on the fourth floor and a well-dressed woman entered, a bit startled to see the beaming naked girl. 
“Hi,” she said with a smile. “That is a really beautiful suit. Where did you get it?” 
