The four girls entered The Vixen, feeling the beat of the music and instantly they made their way towards the bar. The smallest of them separated from the group and went looking for a vacant booth. Luckily the little redhead came across a group of people just leaving theirs and she hurried to claim the booth successfully.      She kept looking over the dancing crowd in front of her, trying to get a glimpse of her girlfriends. A few minutes passed before her friends finally found her.      “Bron, you sure have some luck with those booths, you always manage to get one!” Fran said while settling herself next to her friend and handing her over a strawberry vodka. The other two girls settled themselves on the other side of the table, hugging their drinks.
“Well Fran, here's to your new job, chin chin,” Mia said, lifting up her drink towards the middle of the table. “Hope it turns out well and maybe you can get   lucky with one of the office jocks,” she added with a mischievous smile.      “Mia!!!” Fran gasped, she shouldn't have been surprised, it was just like Mia to be so blunt and straightforward about things. “You know I don't mix work with my private life, so keep on dreaming. But cheers anyways, I really hope this job works out fine.”      “Chin chin nonetheless Fran, it came from Bron. It's well deserved,” Lis continued, knowing how long all those interviews took. “You'd think you'd be working for the government by the end of them.”      “That's true, it was a long haul but I got the job in the end. So it's only justified that I treat myself on a night out with you gals and celebrate. As of Monday I'm starting my new career,” Fran continued excitedly. “But come on, we didn't come here to sit here all night and talk about my new job, we're here to celebrate. Let's hit the dance floor!!!”      Grabbing Bron she started to slide out of the booth but Bron pulled back her arm. “You know I don't dance hun, just let me soak up the atmosphere.”
“Party pooper,” was Fran’s quick reply. Giving a little wink she grabbed the other two and they made their way to the dance floor. The beat of the new Black Eyed Peas song erupted from the boxes and it didn't take long for the girls to find their dance groove.      ***      From the moment she walked into the club Nick was aware of her, he couldn't keep his eyes off her. He could feel the shivers going down his spine, his senses went into overdrive. Slowly he kept following the foursome, noticed one going away in the direction of the booths in the back of the club. Holding his bottle of beer he followed the one girl, confident the others would show up there pretty soon.
Settling against the wall in one of the darker corners he chuckled to himself. _Of all places I have to find my mate in my brother’s club. The irony._      Scouting the people around him he let his thoughts wander a bit. He was really surprised when he felt his wolf howl in appreciation when he saw the four entering the club. He knew straight away which one was destined to be his. _175 years old and only now I come across my one true mate. To make things even more complicated she is full human. I have to get to know her, gain her trust. I've waited long enough._      He pushed back his wolf who was getting more and more excited and he explained to him it wasn't the right time, that they needed to have some patience with her. Reluctantly the wolf backed down.      Still eyeing the booth he saw the other girls joining the first one. Observing them he noticed they were celebrating something. If it wasn't for the loud music he could have heard what it was about, but even his more sensitive senses had their limits in this kind of place.      Just when he made up his mind to approach the group the tall brunette got up, trying to coax the little one with her, to no avail. He saw the other two following her to the side of the dance floor.      Putting his beer aside he decided it was time to make his move. Stalking his way around a few people it only took him a few seconds to find her swaying to the upbeat tempo of the song. He drank in the sight of her, feeling his groin stir as well. He started dancing to the music as well, moving in as close as he could behind her. Inhaling deeply he smelled strawberries, it suited her, he thought as he smiled inwardly.      All of a sudden one of the other party goers crashed into the girls in front of him. The other two managed to stay upright but he moved in fast grabbing her before she completely toppled over. _Damn she feels so perfect against me._ Holding her firm but gently he kept her there for a while longer, making sure she found her footing again.      He heard the music change into a slower song. Bending down slightly he brushed away her hair and whispered, “How about you turn around and let me have this dance as a little thank you for keeping you safe?”
He felt her tense up for only a few seconds before he felt her turning around, noticing the encouraging nod she got from her two friends who started making their way back to their booth.      When she finally looked up at him he was at a loss for words, he already knew she looked gorgeous, but up close she was stunning. There wasn't much makeup to be found on her face, one thing he liked instantly. Bright green colored, almond shaped eyes looked up at him. Natural colored lips were slightly parted.      “Sure,” she managed to answer, “that's the least I can do, mister.”      “Nick's the name.” Moving her closer to him he let one hand rest just above her delicious bum and the other hand trailed under her hair towards her neck, cupping her head ever so lightly. “And what's the name of the damsel in distress I rescued?” he whispered in her ear, slowly moving them about to the sensual slow beat of the song.      ***
She was happily dancing with her girls when suddenly a few too enthusiastic dancers came crashing into them. Realizing too late she was about to fall over badly she started moving her arms around widely trying to keep the little balance she still had, but it didn't matter. She felt herself going down. Only she didn't hit the floor, didn't even reach it.      Grasping the arm around her waist she realized someone caught her just in time. She felt herself held gently against a broad, rock hard chest. Looking down at the arm she was grasping she saw the man holding her had a slight tan and very muscular and strong arms.
Feeling her hair being brushed away she heard him say something. Not really understanding what he said, she managed to grasps a few words. She lifted her head up looking at her two friends, who managed to stay upright.      She noticed both of them looking surprised at her but then both of them nodded, turned and made their way back to their table. _How can they leave me here with this stranger! Traitors._ Then she remembered, turned around and recalled something else, something about a dance.
“Sure, that's the least I can do, mister,” she managed to say once she looked up at him. Applauding herself for not melting on the spot she kept looking at him, noticing he was downright, scandalously sexy and hot as hell.
His long raven black hair was held tight by a ribbon low on his neck, bright blue eyes, sharp nose and luscious, so kissable lips. _Wonder how they would taste._ She vaguely heard him say his name was Nick and was asking for her name.      “Fran,” she managed to reply.
Feeling how he gently hugged her to him, one hand low on her back, the other gently cupping her head. She felt content and rested her head on his chest and let him lead away. With closed eyes she memorized how he felt, how he made her feel right there. Rubbing her neck slowly she thought she'd melt on the spot, never imagining just a simple caress could be so arousing. And judging by the bulge she felt against her tummy, he liked it as well.
Neither said a word, they just kept moving to the slow movements of the song, reveling in the comfort of his arms. She wished the song would never end. She knew he was a complete stranger but she felt safe. She felt him brush his lips gently over her temple, moving down to her ear and neck, which sent shivers down her spine in anticipation of what more he'd dare to do.      But after a few more small nibbles on her neck he straightened up. Cupping her face in both his hands he gently moved her face up so she could see straight in his face. The look he had in his eyes would have melted any female but his eyes were set on her alone. He kept looking at her face as if he was memorizing every little detail of her. Then he lowered himself and captured her lips, licking slowly over the bottom lip, giving tiny kisses on the edges of her mouth.
Tilting her head a little bit to give him easier access to her she let out a small sigh, taking that moment to invite his tongue into her mouth, intensifying their kiss. From the moment their tongues met it was like all floodgates opened and neither could hold back the passion that formed between them. Holding each other tight they devoured one another, neglecting the appraising looks they got from the other people around them.
Gasping for air they finally let go. Blushing heavily, Fran rested her head on his chest.
“Oh boy,” she managed to blurt out.
“Oh boy indeed,” came his reply. Still holding her he pressed her lower back a little. She could feel the bulge she felt before had grown.
“Oh boy,” was all she managed to say again.      “If you’re gonna keep up the ‘oh boy’ act, missy, then I'm dragging you out of here forgetting that I'm trying to be a gentleman here,” he told her, pulling her even closer to him. Nuzzling her neck he murmured, “The things i could do with your body, hmm.”
“Nick!” She pushed slightly against his chest, but he wasn't moving one inch. Grinning at her he winked and straightened up. Keeping one arm loosely around her he moved them to the beat, not wanting to let her go just yet.
“Ok, ok, I'll behave,” he chuckled, “for now,” giving her another mischievous wink and twirling her around. He surprised himself, sure he could dance, but never set out to stay on the floors really, he only came to the club to help his younger brother watch over the crowd a bit.
Normally he kept to the shadowy parts of the dance club. But looking at the woman in his arms he was glad he stalked to her in time and was able to keep her upright, making it a little easier for him to introduce himself. If he'd let his wolf decide, he'd have jumped her right there and then but they battled it out and he pleaded, reasoned and won.      When the time was right the wolf could have his way, but for now he was calling the shots. Right now all he could think about how he was going to keep her in his life, not wanting her to think that tonight was all it was going to be. Being a full human made things a bit more complicated, and with him being the Alpha Alpha made it twice as bad. He pushed those thoughts away for now, wanting to enjoy the moment for a while longer.      ***      Fran started to get very thirsty. Panting lightly she thought to herself that it had been a while since she’d had such fun, just dancing. Sure she was aware of the sexual tension between them, but apart from that one remark he hadn't made any more moves or say anything. They just danced and danced. While her shirt was clinging to her sweaty body, thirsty as hell, he didn't seem to have been affected by the effort, not even panting from all that dancing and jumping about.      “Nick, i really have to get back to the girls now and I'm thirsty as hell, I really need a drink and rest a bit.”
Hugging her gently to him he answered, “Ok, I've worn out a bit there, didn't I?”
Giggling a bit she gave him a slight pat on his arm. “No you haven't, but truth is, my girls would start a search and rescue soon.”      “We can't have that, now can we?” he chuckled. Turning her around, facing the booth he asked, “Mind if I join you?” He dragged her back gently against him, lowering his head. “I'd really like it if we could get to know each other a bit better.”
Softly brushing his lips in the crook of her neck, after giving a few small kisses he continued. “I'd even dare to say I'm hoping to find out how exactly I can wear you out.” He knew it was a bold statement to make, but he just had to find a way to keep her close and make it obvious he was interested in   her.      Not being able to look him straight in the face, she was glad he couldn't really see the surprise on her face. Sure she was aware of the sensual connection they had while dancing. She also liked the fact he really didn't come across as being the pushy type of guy. And while he only gave a few small kisses she felt like she was on fire from head to toe.
She really thought he was more of a player, picking someone out and spending a few dances with them, then moving on. But somewhere she knew that wasn't so, just a figment of her imagination. Not a single thing pointed that way. Maybe he really was interested in her, wanted to get to know her better. And he was cheeky, she had to admit, another thing she kind of liked about him.      Gathering her wits again she took hold of one of his hands and turned slightly around to him. “Sure, join us. But I can't promise you'll find out what wears me out, though,” she countered his last remark, giving him a girlish wink.      ***      Slowly they made their way back to the booth where the other girls were just finishing their drinks.      “Hi girls, made it back in one piece. This is Nick.” Turning to him she continued, “Nick these are Lis, Mia and Bron.” She pointed to each girl when she said their names.
“Good evening ladies, nice to meet you all,” he greeted, noticing their just emptied drinks.
“What you say I get us another round of drinks?”      “Sure, why not,” Lis answered, holding up her glass. “I'll have the same again.”
The rest of them did the same. Memorizing the drinks he said, “I'll be right back.” Turning towards the bar, he disappeared into the dancing crowd.      He wasn't gone long when all of the girls started talking and giggling with each other at the same time.
“Damn, Fran, you sure got lucky with that piece of hot meat there. Wouldn't mind setting my teeth into him,” Mia blurted out.
Blushing slightly, she glared back at Mia. Mine, she thought possessively, not really sure where that thought came from. “He sure is cute, yeah, and nice. Good dancer too.” She winked.
The conversation about Nick stalled when they saw him coming towards them again, holding a tray with all their drinks.
“Here you go ladies, and it's from the house,” he said, handing out the drinks one by one.
“You sure we don't have to pay, Nick?” Fran asked.
“Yup, I'm sure, perks of the job,” he replied and winked.
“Oh, you work here then?” Lis asked.
“Yes and no,” was his reply. “I'm here occasionally just keeping an eye on things. Favor to the family you could say.”
For once he was glad his younger brother made him come to the club one or two nights a week, knowing he was a real workaholic. And he’d hit two birds with one stone. The club was frequented a lot by his kind and mostly things were ok, but once in a while things had the possibility of getting heated and with him just being around then made it rather easy to cool things off. They knew not to piss off the Alpha Alpha. And at the same time he had the chance of unwinding a little after work hours.      Pulling Fran up, he sat down in her place, grabbed her waist and gently set her on his lap. She looked at him rather puzzled at this bold move. Cradling her against his chest, one arm loosely around her hip, he told her, “This is only a four seat booth, can't just drop you on the ground now, can I? And I'd like to sit too.” He grinned. She fit perfectly in the crook of his arm.      It didn't take long before all of them were engaging in some easy conversations. Time passed quickly and Fran found herself cuddling up closer on Nicks lap, resting her head on his shoulder, his arms holding her gently and his one hand slowly caressing her thigh.      “Someone getting tired?” he whispered in her ear.      “Yeah, just a little bit, it's been a hectic day today,” she answered. “But it's quite clear the others aren't up for leaving just yet. Just give me a few and I'll be fine again.”      “You all came together then?” he asked.      “Of course, getting a parking space in this part of town is near impossible. We met up at my place and Lis drove us here. She lives two stories higher than me,” she explained.      Smelling an opportunity he offered, “If you really are that tired I could bring you home?”
Sitting up she looked straight at him. “No, I can't ask that of you.”      “Well you didn't ask, I offered, big difference. I promise just to get you home safely, being the gentleman and all. That's how our evening started, might as well end like it,” he countered her argument.
She let out a small chuckle. “You sure are persistent, aren't you?”      “Hmmm, when I want to be, yeah, and when it's worth it,” he said while giving her thigh a gentle squeeze.      Looking at the other girls she tried to make her mind up, she really was tired, and who knew how long the others would keep on partying. She knew it was her night out but it never stopped the others from going until the morning hours, and she mostly felt like a wreck then when she came home. It would mean a lot to her if she could get home now and wake up tomorrow feeling like a half decent human being in the morning.      Making up her mind she asked the girls whether they still planned on hitting another club or not. Getting a yes from the others she looked back up to Nick. “Seems it's your lucky evening then, if you really don't mind that is. You sure you can just leave your job to take me home?”      Grinning widely at his triumph he answered, “As I said before I'm only here occasionally as a favor, it's not a job to me, I can go whenever I want to. So no, I really don't mind bringing you home,” he reassured her, giving her a quick squeeze in his arms.