Vala places her order for Cam. Its big and ridiculous and she can hear Sal grumbling from the kitchen.

There's a newspaper on the counter, half of it missing by now but he grabs it anyway. It's been a few days and he's been out of touch... he skims the headlines, making sure nothing big went down, then flips straight to the sports scores while he waits.

A half finished crossword puzzle slides its way under his arm without him noticing who has done it.

He jumps at the touch and then smiles when he realizes what it is. He twists around to thank her, but she's already walking off to the next table.

"Order up!" Sal calls and Vala grabs it, placing all the dishes on her tray and being careful to carry all of them over to Cam.

"Whoa," Cam says, eyes wide when he looks up at sees everything she's carrying. "You realize I didn't invite the football team with me, right? "

Vala grins and slides the platter sized ribs across the table to him. She adds the bowl of clam chowder, side of baked potato and mac and cheese, fried apples and fried okra to him and winks.

"This looks well and good, but..." He looks at her and grins. "Do I still get the cherry tart for dessert? I didn't forget about that, you know."

"Oh, I have that for later," she grins, tugging on his uniform lapels.

That grin makes him a little bit breathless, and not just because underneath the innuendo is the potential to get laid for the first time in an embarrassingly long time.

The food is good, and he doesn't have a prayer of finishing everything on all the plates (and bowls) but he does a decent job of it. He's eaten most of the ribs, half of the chowder, and all of the okra when he declares defeat and leans against the back of the booth to watch her work. The diner is emptying out, and he's glad for it.

The diner is mostly empty and Vala steps in to assure Sal that she can finish and close on her own. He protests and checks that she's okay on her own before finally agreeing and heading out, waving good bye to Vala as he goes.

Cam can still hear movement in the back but since the place is empty, it's quiet and he hears Vala telling Sal to leave. He grins down at his plate, trying to school his features into something a little less obviously excited. Gotta keep it cool, Mitchell.

She comes back out with a rag and locks the door. "Finished? Or come as close to it as you can?" She asks, nodding towards his plates.

"Yeah, that's about as much as I can do," he says, staring sadly down at what he couldn't eat. "I'm letting you order for me every night from now on, though."

She laughs and slides in opposite him. "Oh? Why? So you can get the good stuff?"

"Uh huh," he smiles, pushing the plates out of the way and crossing his arms on the table. He feels something sticky and makes a face, realizing he put his arm right in some of the sauce. Grabbing a napkin, he wipes it up. "Yeah yeah, keep laughing."

"You want me to pack these up for you? Save them for later when you're starving and need to eat on that base of yours."

"Nah, don't worry about it," he says. "I don't know how well it'd last."

She nods and grabs at his fork, finishing off the apples for him. "Mm, love those."

"Those fries all you had to eat tonight?" He asks, watching her start to demolish the rest of his food.

She nods. "Haven't really had time to eat much today," she explains.

"Glad you got enough for two, then," he says. "I should have waited 'til closer to your shift, could have actually had dinner together."

Vala pauses and smiles before snatching a rib. "Maybe another time then," she says casually.

"Better watch out, I'll hold you to that." He smiles at her but leaves it just heavy enough that she realizes he's serious.

Vala quirks her lips and waggles her eyebrow and she cleans the rib off, sucking the sauce off of it before depositing it on an empty plate.

"Guess you're a fan of Sal's ribs too?" He watches her, amused. She still manages to be a bit dainty but not quite ladylike, relishing the food in an admirable way.

"Mmm, yeah. They're good." She finishes off his plate before relaxing back, sucking on her fingers to get the sauce off.

"So what else are you a fan of?" He leans back, stretching as much as his battered body can.

"The mac and cheese," she says, finishing that one as well. "So good." She mm's to herself before carrying the dishes over and setting them in the kitchen.

She comes back out carrying a huge piece of pie and a fork. "I also like the peach cobbler."

He reaches out and grabs her arm, keeping her from sitting on the other side of the booth. Tugging, he pulls her down beside him instead.

Vala grins and slides in next to him. There is just one fork and she cuts a bit of the cobbler off and offers it to him with a challenging look.

He leans in and takes the bite from her. The cobbler is still hot, tastes fresh, and all but melts in his mouth. He swallows and licks his lips, letting her pull the fork back. "That's pretty good. So far your taste is spot on."

"Well, thanks then," Vala smiles, sliding the plate and the fork over to him. "I'm glad you liked the cobbler."

"Not gonna have any?" He scoops a bite up on the fork, hovering it between the two of them. He'll eat it if she doesn't want it, but he's leaving the option open...

She smiles but shakes her head. She's good for the moment, having snuck a few more goodies in the kitchen when Sal wasn't looking.

Cam casually drapes his arm over the back of the booth, half turned toward her and the plate of cobbler that's still more between them than in front of him. He eats with his free hand, taking a couple more bites before his stomach declares itself completely full. "Okay, yeah. It's good but I'm not gonna need to eat for a week after that."

"Thats a shame. Who am I going to feed if you're going to be out for a week?"

"Oh, what's that?" He grins at her. "Sounds like you might be saying you'd miss me if I didn't come in for a week?"

"Well, we'd have all this left over food, see...." Vala starts to explain, grinning back at him.

"Yeah, I'm not buying it," Cam says, shaking his head. "Nah. I think what you're really saying is you like me coming around."

Vala grins widely back at him, leaning forward to rest her chin on her fist on the table. "Oh, is that what you think?" She asks. "Anything else about me you're thinking?"

His hand slips down a little when she leans forward, his hand curling casually around her waist. "I don't know what to think about you, to be honest. You're kind of a mystery, Vala."

"You like mysteries," Vala replies, able to tell that about him already. She grins, proud of herself and smirking a bit at that.

"Well, I'm sitting here, aren't I?" He gives her an expectant look. "So I think you know the answer to that."

"And I'm sitting here. So what are you going to do about it?" Vala asks, giving him her own expectant look back.

He catches her gaze head on, mouth turning slightly with a smile. She's got amazing eyes - big and dramatic, a flinty blue-gray that should seem cold but somehow radiates vibrancy. He reaches out and rubs his thumb over her cheek, makeup faintly shimmering in the washed out fluorescent lighting. "Haven't really decided."

That is a bit disappointing to hear. "Oh? What haven't you decided yet?" She asks him.

Somehow, her disappointment is reassuring. He cups her cheek and watches her eyes flutter closed, momentarily fascinated by the thickness of the mascara on her already long lashes.

He leans in and kisses her, brushes his lips across her once softly then more firmly. Vala's eyes close and she smiles, leaning in and kissing Cam back. It feels familiar and good, like riding a bike, something that she knows how to do despite not having had a lot of practice at it recently.

She tastes sweet and sugary, like peach cobbler. It's a nice kiss, but he doesn't try to draw it out. When he pulls back he lets his hand drop away from her face, reaching up to pluck the little green hat off her head, grinning when he does so.

She laughs, watching as he tosses it aside. "Didn't like my hat?"

"It was distracting," he murmurs, leaning in to kiss her again. This time his fingers sink into her hair and he pulls her a little more closely to him, moving his mouth against hers with more intent.

"Well if its distracting, I can take some more off," Vala offers, falling into the kiss.

"That might be too distracting," he smiles against her lips, letting his forehead tip toward hers and rest there. He's tired and sore but the moment is nice, almost grounding in a way - weird considering he's in a gritty diner with a woman he hardly even knows, but it's still the most normal thing he's experienced all week.

Vala curls her fingers around the shell of Cam's ear and rests her forehead back against his. "Do you want to come up?" She asks softly.

The invitation warms him, though he already knows the answer is no. As nice as sex would be... his bones ache, the old injuries in his legs and his hips, and the newer bruises. He kisses her again, delaying response, trying to figure out how to word it so that it isn't rejection.

'Vala, I would like nothing more... believe me, you are so..." He pauses just to admire her, eyes moving up and down her. "But I can't tonight."

Vala's eyes fall slightly. She can't lie and say she wasn't hoping that they could head upstairs for a bit of extra fun. "You want to... But you can't?" She repeats, not quite sure she understands. If she wants to do something, she just does it.

"I can't tonight," he stresses, playing with her hair a bit, tugging on one curling strand. He loves her hair, already can't stop touching it. He's not sure where that comes from exactly.

"Well, why not?" Vala asks, recognising that she is being petulant and even a bit childish in her demanding an explanation but damnit, she doesn't want to go upstairs alone tonight.

"I'm kinda..." He winces, and then puts a little distance between them so he can lift up his t-shirt and show her the mottled blue-black bruises criss-crossing his stomach.

Vala pulls back, staring at his chest. "What happened to you?" She asks. Her eyes scan his body and then look up to his face, looking for an explanation.

"I can't say," he says. "It's classified... hell, I don't think I'm even supposed to tell you that it's classified, but... I don't think I'm good for what you want me for tonight..."

He grins, pulling his shirt back down. She stops him though, reaching out, and he sucks in a breath at her fingers on his skin.

"You have interesting classified training sessions in the middle of no where," Vala murmurs quietly, reaching out and running her fingers down his chest to his stomach. She moves her hand over to the largest bruise and gently splays her hand out over the skin.

"And who said you needed to be moving a lot tonight anyways?" Vala continues, her voice low and quiet as she leans in, pressing her lips to his and kissing him again.

"Yeah? Funny, I kind of figured sex with you would involve lots of moving..." He fists his hand in her hair and tugs very slightly.

Vala shudders and has to restrain herself not to push at Cam for that. "Well, most of the time? Yeah. But I can .... take my time and make someone feel good if I have the right kind of incentive."

He runs his thumb down her neck, tracing the slightly tensed tendon there, down her collar bone. "So what you're saying is, you're willing to take it easy on me? Just this once?"

He pulls her to him and kisses her harder.

"Just this once," Vala breathes, sliding into his lap. Her hands are quick and already on the buttons of his shirt as she presses her lips back to his.

"This - uh - oh-" He tries to get the words out between kisses, but she's on his lap and he's distracted into silence by the things her mouth is doing to his. He tries to find the hem of her shirt before realizing she's still got on a damn apron too and just starts to yank at the strings of it, wanting it off.

He manages to untie it, but that doesn't do much. He gives up and moves to the front of her outfit and starts unbuttoning there, pushing it off of her shoulders. He presses his face to her neck and kisses, tasting salt and smelling grease and perfume and a faintly metallic tang.

Vala grins and tilts her head to the side, running her fingers through his hair. She tugs on the strands, pulling him closer as she arches and pushes into his body.

He's leaning back against the wall with one hand on her ass and the other buried in her hair, his tongue in her mouth. "Don't think Sal would approve of this," he laughs. "We are gonna make it upstairs at some point, aren't we?"

He yanks her closer to him before she can even answer, ignoring the throb of pain.

"Oh, eventually, I'm sure," Vala agrees. She rubs her body against his while reaching for the buttons on his shirt, popping them open.

He decides that the apron and outfit is clearly defeating him and just reaches under it, yanking the skirt up until it's hiked around her waist. His hands are back on her ass and he squeezes, grinds her forward against him. "Eventually, huh? Just make... oh... damn, yeah, just... make sure you got plenty of sanitizer then."

Something occurs to him and he pulls away. "Wait, you don't do this at the tables often, do you? Cause that might impact my future decisions to eat here."

"Oh yes, I have sex on the tables with all my well paying customers," Vala whispers, trying not to grin.

"That a joke?" He gives her a slightly suspicious look - still teasing, but he is kind of curious.

She's grinning now - damn, that smile is gorgeous.

She grins again. "Might be," she agrees, winking. "So are we going to do this now on the table here or you actually want to go, you know, upstairs?"

He surges forward, proud of himself for making it to his feet with her with her still wrapped around him. He puts her down and kisses her again, backs her over to the counter. His hand bumps against a napkin holder, sending it toppling to the ground, and he murmurs an apology.

He does mean to go upstairs but he's distracted again, licking into her mouth.

Vala laughs, high pitched and girly. "Come on," she teases, grabbing his hand and pulling. "You can do it..." she pulls him slightly and rewards him with a kiss when he follows.

He's almost embarrassed because, damn, it's been a while. He grabs her hand and lets her guide him through the back of the diner and up the stairs.

She locks the back door to Sal's and pulls him up the wooden back steps, pulling out another key and undoing the door to her own place. Its small but clean; it shows use, an old worn leather sofa against the back wall, a nice rug on top of the scuffed wooden floor beams.

Vala keeps the lights off, tugging Cam along into her bedroom which is decorated far more lavishly than the other room. Its done up in reds, yellows, golds and purples. A dozen pillows are on top of the bed along with the silks of her bedspread. A gauze curtain hangs down around the bed, creating a secluded and hazy effect around the bed.

"Nice," Cam says, looking around the room. He notices the sheets and pillows, but quality of the things she has, but he also notices a lack of anything truly personal. There are no pictures on the wall, nothing to tell him anything about her life. Her closet is open and his eyes skim the clothes there - not much, not as much as he'd imagine a woman like Vala having... and he is realizing what kind of woman she is, hidden under the cheap polyester waitress outfit and the bright makeup.

He reaches out and snags her hand, drawing her to him. When he kisses her again it's more softly, breathing her in and taking his time.

Vala gently massages his shoulders as he kisses her, encouraging him to go further with it. Sighing, she lays back on the bed, pulling him down with her.

"Hold on," he says, leaning up on one elbow above her. "Lemme figure this thing out..."

He reaches around her and pulls at the apron until he gets it off, tossing it onto the floor. Her shirt is half unbuttoned already and he leans over her to bend and kiss her collarbone, nosing down over the beat of her heat and kissing the swell of a breast.

"Didn't I say I wasn't going to make you move much?" She whispers, arching up into him.

He tilts his head at her. "Yeah... I guess you did."

Laying back isn't really his style, but he's more than a little curious to see what her style is so he rolls over onto his back and waits.

She shucks out of the whole dress, leaving herself in her bra, panties and the garter she wears to hold up the stockings she wears when its cold outside. Grinning, she crawls on top of him and begins to slowly undress him.

"Damn..." He swears under his breath, reaching out and putting his hands on her hips. Her skin is pale and striking against the black bra and panties. The - fuck, she's wearing a garter, and that's insanely hot. "What did you ever do to Sal for him to make you hide this under that?"

He shifts up and lets her pull his shirt off.

"I'm pretty sure someone would get upset if I went around waiting tables looking like this." Vala tosses the shirt out of the bed and onto the floor, mingling with her dress.

"Though the tips I'd receive...." She shakes her head, grinning. "Those might be worth it."

"I'd get upset," he says, not even entirely realizing the implications of what he's saying. "... but I'd probably tip you pretty well, too."

"Upset? At seeing me in my skivvies?" She asks, unsure of exactly what he means. She spots his dogtags, lying on top of his chest and picks them up, reading them.

He runs a hand up and down her back. He loves the way her skin feels. He's actually glad they're taking a minute here, just talking. Gives him a chance to make sure everything's gonna be in working order... catch his breath, regroup. "I meant I don't think I'd want everyone seeing you in your skivvies. I kind of like being a special member of the club here."

He watches her reading his dog tags. She looks slightly confused. "They're so if anything happens to me... someone will know... well... that it's me."

"Oh," she says, dropping them onto his chest. "Bit morbid," she murmurs, stretching out on top of him. She leans over to her night stand and pulls a large glass bottle out. She lays it on the bed beside him, letting his body warm the bottle as she goes back to his pants, undoing the button.

He feels a brief stab of self-consciousness, because when she gets his pants off she's going to see the scars. He's already told her about his accident, but telling isn't the same as showing and he's never had someone see them in a situation like this.

He glances over at the bottle. "What is that?"

"That is for you," she replies, pulling and tugging at his pants before dropping them off the side of the bed as well. "I said I'd take my time and make you feel good didn't I?" She asked, raising an eyebrow at him.

Picking the bottle off of the bed, she unstops the cork. It has a slight fruity fragrance to it and Vala pours some of the golden oil into her palm. Smiling, she begins to rub it along Cam's bruises, knowing full well the healing properties contained in the bottle.

She hasn't said anything about the jagged scar running the length of his thigh, peeking from underneath his boxers, and he knows she has to have seen it. He feels a surge of something like relief and then he's distracted from it by the first touch of her oiled up hands to his skin. She keeps it light, not pressing at all, and after a minute he relaxes. The oil starts to warm and he can't deny how nice it feels. "That's good..."

"Mmhm," she agrees, feeling the warmth radiating off of his skin already. "It should help ease the aches."

His fingers brush the ends of her hair and he slides his hands up her shoulders as she leans forward over his body. His cock is hardening now, and considering his state of undress he knows she can't be missing it.

Oh she certainly isn't missing it, she's just making sure his entire body will be buzzing and humming when she gets around to that.

In his mind, it doesn't connect to the oil - what he's feeling right now, he just assumes that it's her. A pretty girl touching him, soothing his aches after the few days he's had... maybe he really can't remember the last time he did this, not like this, maybe that's why it never registers that the tingle in his extremities and the way he feels like he's just melting back onto the bed aren't entirely normal.

"You're good at this. Nurse a lot of soldiers back to health?" He gives her an amused smile.

"Oh, I've had my fair share," she teases him, avoiding the answer to the question effectively.

She lets her hands trail off of his stomach, slipping further down as she leans forward to kiss him slowly. Watching him relaxing under her hands is getting her excited, making her want him even more.

He definitely wants her. His cock is hard, pressing against his thigh but he stills lazy and not at all hurried. He can smell the oil she's using and it feels like it's tickling his sense. "Vala, honey," he says, his voice thicker and drawl more pronounced. "You're making me feel good."

She smiles and rests her body on top of his, stretching and sliding against him. "I told you I would didn't I?"

"Doesn't hurt anymore," he says again, marveling. He's murmuring, almost more to himself than her. He's not talking about the bruises anymore. "Always hurts... doesn't right now."

"Shh," Vala murmurs, pressing her lips to his. "Not going to hurt right now," she says, her lips moving on top of his. Her legs part and she straddles him, her hips beginning to move and grind on top of his. She pushes her hips down into his, feeling his obvious erection in her hip and moaning into his mouth.

His hands drop down to her ass again and he groans at how good it feels. It only takes a little urging to get her in just the right spot and he plants it feet on the bed to gain leverage and thrusts up. The ease with which he can do that catches him off guard and he can tell something about it does the same for her from the way she gasps and her mouth drops open. He does it again, to the same reaction, and he doesn't have to ask if the angle is working for her. His hands bracket her waist and guide her as they kiss and move their bodies together sharply.

"Oooh, thats the spot," Vala moans, rocking against him. "Yeah, can tell you like that spot," she continues, grinning down at him with a wide smile. She adds a bit of a roll and dip to her hips, pushing them closer together to see what that does to Cam.

He pants against her skin, mouth on her neck kissing. He looks up when she speaks, grins breathlessly at her. "Yeah, but what do you like?"

"Oh, I like many things," Vala replies, arching her neck for him so he has more room to kiss and suck. "Right now, I'm thinking I would really like you to be fully naked though."

"I think I want you naked more than I want me naked right now," Cam says, tugging at the edge of her bra with his teeth. He sees that it clasps in front and grins, sliding his tongue along the plastic latch and then nudging at it until it slips loose. The material goes slack and it's easy to nudge it aside.

Her breasts are small, nipples stiff and he laps at one while his fingers push her bra aside. She's squirming, not quite making the noises he wants though, and he tries a burst of suction. She gasps his name and that's much better. So she likes it a little rougher - he can do that. He pinches at the other nipple while sucking hard at the one in his mouth.

She squirms in his lap and on top of his erection before slipping away. She shakes her finger at him, grinning widely as she reaches out and begins to slip his boxers down past his hips and off his body.

He looks down at her between his legs and he feels dizzy at the sight. Her fingers wrap around him and there's that double dose of stimulation, the visual and the touch to match, her fingertips dragging along his shaft. He's so fucking hard, harder than he can remember being in a long time, so turned on. His balls are already drawn up tight and heavy and he hopes to hell and back that he can last. A year and a half... that's a long time.

He does know if she keeps doing that he won't have a shot so he reaches down and tries to get her back up for more kisses, more grinding - something a little more controlled.

Vala stays just out of reach but lets him watch as she unclips her garters, rolling the stockings down her leg slowly. She dangles one between her fingernails before dropping it off of the side of the bed and then doing the same with the other.

She sits up on her knees, pushing at her panties, revealing her trimmed pussy for him before also letting the panties fall onto the floor along with the rest of their clothes.

Smirking, she slides back up his body, rubbing against his hard erection. Vala continues to tease him as she digs into her bedside drawer again for a condom.

He can feel how wet she is against his cock, her lips and clit rubbing against the head with every pass. The rocking is insanely hot, especially now that he can look down and actually see it - see everything. The head of his cock against his stomach, precome drooling from the tip, sticking and smearing in her public hair. He grabs her ass, unable to help himself, and pulls her down flat against him. He feels the condom packet against his wrist where she's still grasping it, but lets her hang onto it. He's more interested in feeling her all the way down his torso - her mouth on his, her breasts crushed against his chest, down to where his balls press against her ass.

Vala smiles and continues to rock against him as its clearly something he enjoys. "You're quite responsive," she teases gently, adding a bit of a twist to her hips to see what he thinks of it.

"You're quite inspirational," he says, groaning. "Vala - oh, hell-"

He slides a hand between them and kisses her hard, fingers seeking out that slickness. The pad of his index finger circles her clit and he feels her moan vibrate though him.

"I do what I can," she replies. One hand is already fumbling with the condom, working at trying to open it already. "Fucking hell," she mutters, finally pulling back to rip it open with her teeth and then rolling it down onto Cam's cock.

She positions herself over him, the moonlight coming in through the gauze curtains and hitting her body, her hair down around her, making her look like some crazed sex goddess as she slowly began to slide down onto him.

His hands are on her breasts, cupping and squeezing, and he lets them drop down to her waist as she lowers herself onto his cock. She stills and he's feeling ever inch of her, that tight heat grasping him. He has to clench his eyes shut to resist the overwhelming urge to just let it rock through him, but as soon as he's pulled it back he opens them again. He wants to watch her. Her face is glorious, mouth set firm and concentrating hard, cheeks shadowed and sharp in the dim light, hair spilling like ink around her shoulders. "God, you're so beautiful," he says, voice full of wonder. "You feel so good."

Vala opens her eyes and looks down at him, actually smirking at him. She rocks her hips back and forth, without using her hands, just her hips to wrench another moan from him. She clenches tight around his cock, enjoying the moans coming from his mouth.

He catches that smirk and laughs. "You look awful pleased with yourself..."

He moves his hand between her legs again, brushing his fingers over where they're joined, and then rubbing at her clit again. He does it with purpose this time, the same stirring motion he's witnessed every girlfriend he's ever had doing to themselves, making sure he spreads the slickness so the friction won't be too much... just the right amount, really, and he knows it's doing something because he can feel her pulsing around his cock, clenching and gasping.

"Why shouldn't I be? Got you in my bed didn't I?" She pants, falling forward, but catching herself on her hands, an inch from him. She begins to roll and move her hips faster, breathing harder and whining when he hits that right sppot with his fingers.

"And here I thought I was the one wooing you," Cam bites out the words, focusing on them because if he thinks too much about how good her pussy feels on him then he knows he'll lose it. "Never been so happy to get - oh, fuckFUCKyeah, to, to get played."

"Oh, just wait until later," Vala purred, leaning down and pulling his earlobe into her mouth and sucking on it. She clenches around him rhythmically, squeezing his cock inside her pussy.

"I... oh...." He turns boneless, except for one particular area that just gets more rigid, and turns his head to capture her mouth again. "Are you close?"

He winces at having to ask, but he does have to ask, because he estimates about thirty more seconds before he completely loses it.

"You are aren't you?" Vala asks, breathing hard but still feeling smug. She reaches down and quickly shows Cam how she really likes to be touched.

Things ramp up after that because he's a fast learner and she looks hot with her fingers rubbing over herself but he's a guy and he wants to be the one to do that. He grins and covers her hand with his own, sliding his fingers alongside hers.

She only has to show him once. He works her with the manual dexterity of a pilot, plays on all the right spots and thrusts up hard and fast, his self control run ragged but determined to bring her off as close together with him as he can. He feels it start, her moans getting higher, her cunt tight around his cock, her hands a little less coordinated. He rolls his hips up hard and rubs her clit, bringing her off.

Vala shakes and jerks on top of him. Her breasts push against him as her pussy pulses in time with her orgasm. "Fuuuck," she stutters, mouthing slipping off of his ear as she moans loudly.

"Shit, Vala, Vala." He drives into her hard and fast, balls tight and white hot pleasure licking up his spine. His cock jerks inside of her and he starts to shoot in the condom, groaning loudly, face a twist of pleasure that probably looks more like pain. It's intense, it feels like he's turning inside out, everything slick with sweat and flushed and tight and throbbing with the sensations of a truly spectacular orgasm.

His hands are tight on her, probably bruising her pale skin, and he forces his grip on her hips to relax... instead he pulls her down against him more firmly, wrapping his arms around her and breathing hard, burying his face in her hair.