The attached work of fiction is intended to be entertainment for adults in locations in
which it is legal.  If it is illegal in your location, DO NOT read.  This is a copyrighted work. 
Reposting or any other use strictly prohibited without the express, written permission of
the copyright holder, except may by posted as part of a  review or posted to free-access
archive sights.

Copyright 1998 by E.Z. Riter.

E-mail address: ezriter@hotmail.com

Please!  Give me your comments.
 
This is a repost of a fifty-two chapter mind control, multi person romance. 

MY INHERITANCE

Chapter 12

Lisa's Submission

There I was in my own bedroom in the house where I grew up.  Andy, my kitten of six
months, was naked and kneeling at my feet.  Since she had been programmed by Uncle
Bert to be my kitten (as he called his female slaves), this was no surprise.  Lisa, the bitch
I had dated who was unprogrammed, was naked, kneeling beside Andy.  Lisa was
begging me to spank her. What was going on? My cock was a rock.  He thought he knew
exactly what was happening.

As I thought about it, I realized Lisa always had this submissive streak. I never realized it
before. But, the training we had a Mistress Diana's allowed Andy to see it right away.  Or,
maybe it was the programming. I wandered off in thought about the programming as the
two naked women waited patiently.

"I don't spank just anybody, Lisa.  They must be someone very special to me."  

"I want to be special to you, Davy . . .  I mean, master.  I have always wanted to be special
to you."  

"Will you be my slave?"   "Yes, master."  "My slut?"  "Yes, master. Please."   "Is your
pussy wet?" 

Lisa turned beet red but did not look away, holding my gaze shamelessly.  "Flooding,
master, like it never has before."

I grabbed Lisa's hair, pulling it back to raise her face. She gasped and her mouth opened
as I leaned to kiss her.  It was a long, demanding kiss.  

"You are special to me, Lisa. I am happy you want to belong to me. But, you will have to
earn your spanking."  

This whole scenario had been very confusing to Lisa. Driven by her own deep need to be
dominated and exacerbated by the strongest sexual desire she had ever experienced,
her mind was reeling that she would have to beg to be punished.  Now, she had been
told she would have to earn it. 

"What do you wish of me?" she asked, too far gone to stop now . . . or, ever.  

"Suck my cock, slave!"  

Lisa and I had dated for three years. She had a few times taken my cock in her mouth, all
the time fighting my urging for her to suck it.  Now, she started blinking as the two parts
of her mind . . .  natural and sexual versus environmental and non-sexual . . .  fought for
dominance in her.  

"Yes, master," she said, opening her mouth.

"Wait." I sat down, then, instructed Andy to teach Lisa how to suck cock.  Andy was a
good cock sucker. No, Andy was a great cock sucker.  I found out she was a good
teacher, also. Since I can hold back forever, I did, enjoying the two beautiful women at
my feet and their strenuous efforts at pleasing me. 

How can I describe this?  Picture a wet dream, centerfold-type blonde, naked, on her
knees, sweetly and competently explaining to a beautiful brunette with a lean and athletic
type body, who is also naked and on her knees, the best way to suck your cock.  You are
leaning back on the bed, propped up on your arms, smiling down at them as they nestle
between your legs.  Got that picture!  Go with it!  

Lisa was exhausted. She had valiantly sucked and slurped until her jaw hurt. Andy gave
me a glance confirming my evaluation of Lisa.

"Slut Lisa, I am going to cum in your mouth."  

She nodded, since my cock in her mouth kept her from speaking. I instructed my
programmed cock to shoot a little. I saw Lisa gag but swallow. 

"Good, baby," Andy whispered in her ear.  Again, a little and she swallowed without
gagging this time.  

"Now, me, please, master," Andy said. 

"No. I want it all," Lisa said, surprising both of us.  She got her wish, as I let myself empty
my balls.  Cum oozed around my cock onto her lips and chin.  Andy licked her clean.

"Very good, slut, for your first time."  

"Thank you, master," she replied.  I was amazed how 'master' just seemed to flow from
her.  

"You have earned your spanking. Lay across my lap."  Eagerly, Lisa crawled across my
lap.  Andy sat in front of Lisa, holding Lisa's wrists in her hands.  

"I know you are going to love this," she said with a grin.  

It was a spanking meant to create sexual need and the desire to have more spankings.
The swats were clean, crisp, but not that hard. I spaced them, rubbing her ass, letting my
hand caress her pussy between each blow.  I could feel her juices run down on my leg.
Still, after ten, her ass was red and hot to the touch. Tears fell from her eyes.  

"Do you want to be fucked now, Lisa, my slut?"  

"Yes. Please fuck me!"

I had believed Lisa did not orgasm easily. In fact, sometimes I knew she faked it. This
time, she was a hot, sweating, whimpering, squirming slut as I pounded her poor pussy
unmercifully.  She had at least four orgasms as she begged me to fuck her harder.  I had
her arms pinned above her head at the end, my legs trapping hers up and out as I
rammed into her.  She shrieked and arched, cumming one last time before she passed
out. 

With Lisa out cold on the bed, I pulled Andy to me.  We gently made love before going to
sleep.

We were all sitting in the kitchen drinking coffee, which my father made each morning
from freshly ground 100% Columbian beans.  Mom had been cooking waffles and we
were eating away.  If Mom and Dad were surprised to find Lisa had spent the night with
us, they did not show it.

I wondered if Uncle Bert had programmed them to be totally accepting of anything sexual
I did.  It was obvious we had sex. Both the girls looked well fucked. For the first time in
my life, I thought a saw a sexual expression on my father's face.  He looked envious of
me and desirous of them. 

"Andy and I are going back to Colorado today," I said.  

"Oh, why, honey? We do not get to see enough of you," Mom replied.  

Lisa's eyes were boring into me. 

"We need to get back to Mary and get ready for Christmas. There is so much to do.  You
know Uncle Bert left me some instructions about projects he was working on he wanted
me to complete."  

"Your father and I are both excellent scientists and I am a biochemist, if you need any
help," Mom said as she shoveled another waffle on my plate.    

"Who is Mary?" Lisa whispered to Andy.  

"My mother. She was Bert's mistress. Now, she belongs to Davy."  

"Oh," Lisa said, trying to digest this new information.  

"How many of you are there, Andy?"  

"Just mom and me.  Want to make it three?"  I could see Lisa thinking.

"In fact, Bert and I often talked about chemistry. We would take two or three days together
to have long brain sessions.  I know I learned a lot at those times and always came back
refreshed," Mom said, giving Dad another waffle.  

"Brain sessions," I thought. "You mean fucking sessions."  

I now knew how Uncle Bert got Mom away when he wanted to fuck her.  Uncle Bert was
sharp. We chattered with small talk until time for Andy and me to get packed. Lisa tagged
along.  

"Please, Davy, master.  Are you going to invite me to come with you?"  Lisa's eyes were
wide.  She was afraid of  losing the two people who finally gave her full and complete
orgasms, releasing her sexuality. Earlier, Andy had laid out her plan and I had agreed.  It
was obvious Lisa had strong bisexual tendencies even if Andy's were programmed.  And,
Lisa was so submissive she ached. 

"Lisa, do you want to come live with us?" Andy said, her claw gently teasing Lisa's
breast.  Poor Lisa nodded eagerly and pathetically.  "Here is the deal. You will belong to
me. I will be your mistress. You will be my pet. Understand, I have a master, too. So, you
will also belong to him as well as to me.  You will have no rights. You will be given to
anyone we wish for sex or any other service. We expect complete obedience. Do you
wish to be our bitch? Our pet? Our slave? A complete and total slut for us?"

Lisa eagerly agreed. 

As we were ready to leave, a thought shot through my head.  

The man I called father, whose name was Charles and was my mother's husband, was
not my father but the brother of my natural father, whose name was Bert and I called
Uncle Bert.  Uncle Bert said my mother was hot in bed but I had never seen her look
vaguely hot.  Uncle Bert had also fucked my three sisters, who were really only my half-
sisters, since Charles was really their father and Bert was really their Uncle.  Anyway, I
called Charles Dad since he was the guy who raised me (except for summers when I
lived with Bert) but Charles took me to the doctor and attended school plays and came to
my sporting events, like a real dad is suppose to do. 

This could get confusing.  The thought was: was Dad getting enough? I had seen how he
had looked at me with two hot, freshly fucked women at my side. I asked to speak to my
mother alone.  

"Do you prefer sirloin or tube steak?" I asked.  I saw her eyes glaze over as she started
the trance. "It depends on the chef?" she replied. For just an instant, I wondered what it
would like to fuck my mother.  But, that is not what I had in mind. Not now, anyway.

"What does your pussy prefer?"

"It prefers following your commands."  I waited.  She was only the second woman,
Mistress Diana being the other,  I had put in a trance. I was not sure how she would
react. Diana had kneeled before me.  Mom just stood there quietly. 

"How often do you and Charles have sex?" 

"Bert programmed me to only let Charles have sex twice a month. Bert was mad at him."

I was shocked.  It was the first time I knew of Uncle Bert had been cruel, and to his own
brother. 

"Why was Bert mad at Charles?"

"Charles thought Bert was not nice enough to Cathy. They argued about it."  Nice
enough?  If Dad only knew Uncle Bert loved fucking Cathy and Cathy was one of his
favorites, he would not have been so concerned.  Or, maybe, he would have been more
concerned.  

"Mom, this is a command.  You are to give Charles all the sex he wants anytime he
wants.  You will be very sexy with him.  Do you have any women friends Charles would
like and that you could help him seduce?"

"Yes.  Several."

"Good.  You will help Charles identify and seduce women. You will be very loving and
supportive of all his affairs.  You will join them in threesomes if Charles wants you to.
Your goal is to make him the best fucked man in LA. Understand?" 

"Yes. I understand."

"Alice." I called her real name, ending the trance. 

"What did you want, dear?" she asked, sounding like a Mom again. 

"Nothing. It is time for me to go."

I gave her a big hug.  When I got outside, I gave Dad a big hug, which surprised him a
little.

"Merry Christmas, Dad."

"Merry Christmas, son," he said, shaking my hand.  If he only knew the present I gave
him.

I gave the keys to the Jaguar to Dad.  A stud like he was going to be would need a hot
car.  The limo took the three of us to LAX for the flight to Denver.  As instructed, Lisa was
wearing a dog collar with a tag saying she belonged to Andy.  Andy,  being Andy, was
not a strong mistress and the two girls were becoming friends as they chatted on the
plane.  We picked up the Bronco at the airport. 

Before we headed into the mountains, I had one stop to make: a tattoo parlor.  Lisa was
on her back. Andy was holding her arms down, looking into her face and blocking her
view of what was happening.  Lisa's dress and panties had been removed. She was not
wearing a bra on Andy's orders, so she was naked. Her legs were together and I was
holding them down. 

"Please, mistress, tell me again what is happening?" Lisa asked. 

"We are having a ring put through the hood of your clit to let you cum more easily, little
pet," Andy replied, sounding like she was talking to a retarded person.   Andy leaned
over Lisa to kiss her long and sweet. 

The tattoo guy eyed me. 

"They belong to you," he asked enviously.  

"The blonde belongs to me.  The brunette belongs to the blonde."  

He shook his head.  "No need to ask if you are going to have a Merry Christmas," he said
as he punctured Lisa's clit hood.  I think it worked. Lisa orgasmed on the way to the
house just from the Bronco bouncing along.

Christmas would be here in two weeks.

To be continued . . . 

Please! Give me your comments. 