
															DESPARATE HOUSWIVES
			   	Part 8 by Black Heart

	It was several days after Norman's first session with Amanda and his mother's first movie with Ryan.  Timmy had spent another night with Sandi and had himself another great time as he had first ate the woman's pussy before they fucked a couple of times in some new positions.  He had taken the woman once from behind while they lay on their sides and the second time she had rode him in a reverse cowboy style.  	
	"So that the perverts can get a view of your cock going in and out of my pussy," Sandi had explained as she had guided his erection into her cunt.
	Timmy had fucked her again in her bed dropping off to sleep in exhaustion.  When he thought about it, he was definitely happy with all the action he was getting from Sandi.  What teenage boy wouldn't love to be in his position and get weekly marathon fucks from a grown woman, but there was one thing that was beginning to sour the whole thing and that was her being always in complete control and her adamant refusal to give him any oral sex, despite the fact that he regularly ate her out.
	Timmy was mauling this over in his mind as he listened to Ryan and Norman talk.  With Ryan's mother out, the trio were relaxing on lawn chairs in his sunny back yard.  He listened idly to their conversation while sipping on a cold drink and it didn't take long for the conversation to turn to sex.
	"I wonder how much we are making by fucking each other's mothers," Ryan asked and that got the conversation started.  In no time each boy was describing how much fun they had been having and Tim took the opportunity to mention his growing frustration with Sandi.
	"Don't get me wrong when I say this," he told Ryan," but there is something about your mother is really beginning to bug me.  Although your mother is very beautiful and fun to fuck, she always wants to be in complete control.  She orchestrates everything to her satisfaction and thinks nothing of me."
	To his surprise, Ryan nodded in agreement and between sips from his drink, explained to Tim and Norm about the telephone conversation between Sandi and Amanda.
	"You're so right bro,' he told him.  "I hate to admit it my mother and yours are acting like complete bitches. Cock teasers.  They love it when we lick and suck their pussies but they refuse to blow us and they aren't going to do it unless we do something to make them."
	"Yeah and how are we going to do that," Tim asked, "after all, despite what we have been doing with them, they are our mothers and we can't force them to do anything."
	"Right, and they are getting very used to all the money they are making and with us doing all the work, so why don't  we turn the tables on them by refusing to co-operate anymore.' Ryan wondered out loud.
	"You mean like going on strike?" Tim asked.
	"Yeah sort of," Ryan replied, than turned and asked the silent Norman what he thought.
	"You've been pretty quiet, what do you think?"
	"I agree because as much as I loved getting it on with your mother. Tim, she freaked me right out.  She is definitely a control freak, wants everything her own way.  However I have a much better idea than a strike.  Yesterday I hacked into their site and looked around a bit," Norman replied.
	"You what?" Tim and Ryan asked together.
	"I hacked into their site and I have a plan to allow us to control the women."
	"How are we going to do that?" his friends demanded.
	"Easy, child's play because the security on the site is next to nothing.  What I suggest we do is act as if we are their customers and start demanding to see certain things such as regular blow jobs or
we cancel our subscriptions.  That will sure get their attention, they will be forced to do what we want 
only they won't know it is us making the demands."
	Ryan and Tim listened with growing excitement as Norman continued to explain what he intended to do.
	"I am going to get into their site again and screw up their daily viewing stats.  You know, make it look like their subscribers are dropping like flies.  Make it look like the subscribers are not happy with what they are seeing and what to see different action, like these soccer moms blowing cocks and us young boys coming in their mouths.
	"Oh wow, can you really do that," demanded Ryan and Tim?
	"Yeah, it's easy.  Like I said their security is easy to crack.  I bet with some well placed viewer response comments I can have them in an absolute panic," Norman boasted.  Believe me when they see how fast their subscribers are abandoning them and how much money the stand to lose, their attitudes will change,"  Norman boasted.
	After the boys told Norman to go for it, their discussion turned back to the woman and it was then that Ryan told his friends how he had already managed to get to Norman's mother to blow him.
	Norman and Tim listened with envy as Ryan explained how he told Lillian Chan that cock sucking was part of the usual activity for the group and how she quickly agreed to suck his cock.
	"I don't know how much experience she's had but it felt great.  I even came in her mouth and she didn't even complain," Ryan boasted when he saw the envy in his friend's eyes.
	The boy's conversation was interrupted with the sound of Ryan's mother arriving home.  As she stood at the patio doors, the trio ended their conversation and began moving about.  Tim and Norman smiled a greeting to Sandi and then left.  Ryan was still in a lawn chair and nodded when his mother told him supper would be ready soon.
