Emma's Farm  - 15 (Ff, inc, beast)

Disclosure:  this is a work of fiction.

The girls meet their neighbor and begin preparations for the upcoming festival

---------
When Emma came down the next morning, her mother was standing in the kitchen, nude except for a pink ribbon that was holding her hair up and off of her shoulders, framing her slender white neck beautifully in the soft morning light streaming through the large kitchen windows.  She was on the phone, and Emma listened to her conversation as she pulled up a chair at the table.
	“Yes. . . Yes. . . Oh no, it's no problem. . .  Uh huh.  . . Oh it's such a great idea.  . .Yes that's fine. . . Emma. . . She'll love it. . . Okay. . . Okay.  We'll see you.  Bye bye!”  Linda hung up the phone.
	“What did we just agree to?”  Emma asked.
	“The fall festival is next weekend.  The Henderson's are making a corn maze and wanted to know if they could have an exit and entrance in the bit that boarders are yard, so people can take a break if they get too lost.”
	“And you said yes.”
	“Of course.  I'd wanted to get involved in the festival since we moved.  It could be great for business.  We'll set up a stand and sell milk and eggs, maybe some baked goods.  Mrs. Henderson is going to put our farm in the festival directory, so we should get lots of visitors.  Plus those from the corn maze coming through, should be great.”  Emma looked less than impressed.  “Besides, it could be a good opportunity for you to make some friends.”
	“Ugh.”
	“Oh relax.  It'll be fun!”  Linda tried to reassure her relatively shy daughter.  “We'd better go get dressed though, Mrs. Henderson's daughter Lilly is going to come over and show us where the corn will be cut.”  Emma stuck her tongue out and pushed herself up and off the chair.  Linda reached out and smacked her on the butt, causing her to squeal and run up the stairs laughing, with her mother fast on her heels.
	Half an hour later both girls came downstairs.  Linda was wearing a floral print sun-dress, a silk slip hiding the fact that she wore no panties underneath.  Emma was wearing a pair of jeans that were probably too small for her, as they fit her skin like a glove, leaving little to the imagination.  She wore a baggy t-shirt on her top, with no bra underneath.  If she moved too fast you could see the faint outline of her breasts, bouncing freely underneath.
	Lilly, at 11, was just a couple of years younger than Emma.  She was mature for her age however, as she had a lot of responsibilities on her family's farm.  Linda and Emma had met her briefly once when they were moving in, but they had been so busy and distracted that neither had a clear idea of what she looked like.  And so they were pleasantly surprised to see a slim, freckled girl with long red hair walking across their yard to their front door.  She rang the bell.  Emma didn't move, nervous about meeting someone new, especially someone so cute.
	“Fine,” Linda said with a smirk, “I'll get it.”  She walked into the front room and opened the door.  Emma listened from the kitchen as they made introductions and small talk.  It wasn't long before she heard her mother's voice calling.  “Emma honey, come meet Lilly!”  Emma gulped and slowly walked into the other room.



	The introductions were short, but Lilly seemed nice enough.  She smiled uncomfortably and fidgeted when she was nervous.  The three of them went out into the yard and Lilly showed them where they wanted to cut an exit and entrance in the corn.  The place looked fine and Linda didn't see any problems with it.  She showed Lilly where she would put their table where they would sell milk and eggs and their baked goods, right near the dairy barn entrance.  Lilly inquired if they had an outhouse, suggesting that a port-a-potty might be a good idea if they don't.
	“Our shed there is an old outhouse – hasn't been used in decades.  I bet with a few quick fixes it could be serviceable.”  Linda turned back to Lilly with a smile.
	“Okay, great.  I'll come back over in a couple days when we're cutting the corn to help you guys with anything you need.  Thanks for helping with this!”
	“Ok, thanks Lilly!” Linda said.
	“See ya.  It was nice to meet you Emma!”  and with that Lilly took off into the tall corn.
	“Well she certainly was charming.  I'm so excited!  This will be a great opportunity to meet our neighbors!”

	The shed was indeed an old outhouse, and fortunately since it has not been used in such a long time, there was no waste in it.  Hence they used it as a shed.  There was a small wide door at the base of the building in the back which led into the area where the waste would be deposited.  Linda was not keen on having her shed forever smell like a bathroom, so she wanted to put something in the bottom to catch the waste so they could easily dispose of it later, allowing them to continue to use the outhouse as a shed.  
	Linda sent Emma to clear out all the stuff from the shed while she tried to figure out the bottom part.  As Emma lugged out the various items they had been storing in there, Linda came up with a great idea.  She went over to the barn and brought out the old kiddie pool.  Emma had used it when she was little, and since then it had mainly been used to give Ollie the Collie baths.  Linda dragged the pool over to the shed and was glad to see that it just fit inside the wide low door at the back, resting comfortably right underneath the opening of the old outhouse.  Linda shoved it in and closed the door, proud of her solution.  At the time she wasn't thinking of its erotic possibilities . . . but that time would come.

Preparations were going well, but they consumed Linda and Emma.  Over the next few days, the mother and daughter laid low.  Only taking time to occasionally eat each other out.  Emma had stopped sleeping in her own room, instead choosing to spend her nights wrapped in her mother's arms, snuggling tightly against the chill of the night.
	Lilly had stopped by to help a few times, and she and Emma were getting along quite well.  Emma was glad to have someone close to her own age to goof off with – she unconsciously acted more mature when around her mother, but with Lilly she could act like a young teenager, making stupid jokes and giggling too much.
	Lilly was a couple years younger than Emma, but she was just as tall.  While Emma's breasts had developed into beautiful handfuls of young flesh, Lilly was still very flat, only her large nipples sticking out, making themselves known through her shirts.  At least, that is what Emma had noticed.  Her desire to put her mouth around Lilly's young nipples was surpassed only by her desire to bite Lilly's remarkably tight ass.  Every time she came over, Lilly was wearing tight shorts or jeans, showcasing her not to large, but just large enough ass.  Her thighs were slim and pale, as one would expect with a natural red head.  She never seemed to tan, regardless of how much time she spent in the sun.  With skin like hers, she was probably used to using a lot of sunscreen.  Her milky white thighs however were driving Emma crazy – she just wanted to taste them.
	Besides her sexual arousal by the new girl, Emma was really enjoying spending time with her.  They had a similar sense of humor, similar likes and dislikes.  They were becoming fast friends.  The night before the festival began, Lilly gave Emma a hug before saying goodbye.  It was an innocent gesture, but it meant more to Emma than Lilly probably realized.
	“Emma!”  Linda called from the kitchen door.  Emma came running up to the door.  “Hi honey.  I need you to help me make the frosting for the cakes I made.”  Emma entered the kitchen and saw the tables and counters covered with pans of what looked like brownies.  “It's just chocolate cake,” Linda explained, “the secret is in the frosting.”    With that, Linda crouched down over a bowl of powdered sugar.  She lifted her skirt and moved the gusset of her panties aside.  An off white stream of cum exploded from her pussy, mixing with the sugar and almost filling the bowl.  
	“Oh my.  Have you been fucking the dog mother?”  Emma asked, astonished.
	“Emma.  Language! . . . and yes.”  Linda admitted.  “But I need your help with the horses.”  The stream of dog semen trickled into nothingness as Linda was finally emptied.

	Mother and daughter made their way out to the horse stables and opened the doors, letting both horses out into the main space.  In only a few minutes, each had managed to achieve erection from their horse.  They each started by stroking the cocks in front of them.  The loose skin slid up and down the shafts with their hands.  Then they started to lick the shafts, briefly teasing the heads with their tongues.  Linda tried shoving as much of it in her mouth as possible, while Emma licked just underneath the head, stimulating the most sensitive spot as the cock grew harder and harder in her hands.  
	Emma tentatively opened her  mouth as wide as possible and put the tip of the horse's cock inside.  Her little mouth couldn't take as much as her mother's, but she tried none the less.  She moved her head forward and backwards on the cock.  A few times she gagged as she went forward, so she adjust her movement to avoid that.  She was just getting the hang of it, establishing a repetitive movement that was comfortable to her and the horse when she found herself gagging for a new reason.  The horse was shooting his load into the young girl's mouth.  She choked and pulled her head away, horse semen spewing out of her open mouth and into the bucket she was holding below.  She pulled the cock down so that it finished cumming into the bucket while she held her mouth open above it, letting as much as possible drip off of her lower lip and into the bucket of slime.  She looked over and saw her mother in a similar situation.
	When both buckets were nearly full, the two girls came together to get cleaned off.  Horse cum was dripping from both of their chins as their faces came together and their lips met.  Their tongues slid around inside the lubricated chambers, clear saliva mixing with white horse semen.  They sucked the salty cream from each other's mouths, lips, and chins.  They tore the clothes off of each other and collapsed onto the hay covered floor of the barn in the scissor position.  They gyrated their hips and ground their cunts together, not stopping until cum poured out of each, mixing together, making their hot, quivering, shaved pussies slid easily against each other.
	After they caught their breath, they tried to rescue as much of the delicious girl spunk as they could, using their hands to catch it as it dripped out of their pussies.  They emptied their hands into their buckets and put the horses back into their stables after having fed and watered them.  They walked back to the house hand in hand, buckets in their outside hands, their clothes slung over their shoulders.

To be continued . . . 

By Craven Raven


Thanks for reading, as always, email comments to:  cravenravenerotica@gmail.com