Naked Revenge
by Humilatron 

Mandy, Courtney and Bella were the three most popular girls in their high school. They were also the meanest. Everyone called them the plastics or the Mean Girls and they lived up to it.

They would pick on the nerds, make fun of the band geeks, and even mess with the lacrosse team.

The three girls were excited when they were invited to a summer camp but not just any camp, Camp Violet.

It was the most exclusive, most anticipated summer camp that often was expensive to go to, but this time, they were offering free admissions to the students of Green Hedge High. It was almost too good to be true, but each girl found their invite in their emails so it had to be true.

When the girls arrived, they were immediately greeted by the camp instructor, Katie. Katie told them that they were assigned to Cabin 13 and should bring their belongings to the cabin. The three girls immediately obeyed as they put their suitcases and backpacks into the fancy cabin.

It wasn’t your typical run of the mill, it was actually really nice. What they didn’t notice was a small little occupant that was also inside the cabin. As the three girls went to go sleep… HISSSSSS. The girls shrieked as they were hit with the nastiest skunk spray hitting all three of them!

They immediately ran out of the cabin yelling. The skunk followed them out the door and continued to spray them as they ran. “Oh my God! Oh my God! What the hell?!!” Bella shouted.

“Quick! I read online if you take your clothes off, it doesn’t leave too much of a stink!” Courtney yelled.

“Oh my God!” Mandy yelled. “Get it off! Get it off!”

All three girls immediately began throwing their clothes off their body. They all stood completely naked.

All the commotion, however, had lured all the campers out of their cabins to see what the fuss was about. “Oh my gosh! They’re naked!”

“Hahaha it worked!”

Katie stepped out from the crowd and all three girls covered their bodies as best as they could as they noticed the camp was filled with the nerds, band geeks, and other people they often made fun of.

“Well well, hello ladies,” Katie said. “What are you doing out of your cabins?”

“We got sprayed by a skunk!” Mandy shouted.

“Skunk? There aren’t any skunks in Camp Violet,” Katie said.

“What? But of course there are! We got sprayed by one!” Courtney yelled.

The campers all chuckled. “It wasn’t a skunk, you bimbos,” a goth girl said. “It was a black and white cat.”

“Yeah, and the spray was fart spray!” another chimed in.

“You just got pranked!”

“Hahahahaha!”

“All three girls are naked!”

“This is going on the school paper!”

The girls couldn’t believe they had just gotten tricked by a bunch of nerds. “Oh but that’s not even the best part,” Katie said. “I’m afraid we don’t have any bags for you three. Because we tossed them out the second you handed them to us! Meaning…”

“We have no clothes!” Mandy shouted.

Katie grinned. “You have no clothes.”

The whole camp continued to laugh, pointing and taking pictures as the three girls tried to preserve some sort of dignity. “What do we do?”

“We can’t just run home, we’re in the middle of nowhere!”

“Well, there is one thing you ladies can do,” Katie said. “As long as you do what we tell you, you can get clothes and spare the rest of your dignity. But you have to stay for the entire camp duration and you’ll be naked the entire time.”

The girls had no choice but to agree. “We’ll do anything!” Courtney cried.

“Good,” Katie said. “Now… drop your hands ladies. To the side!”

The girls gasped. Reluctantly, one by one, they dropped their hands to the side showing off their uncovered bodies. “Look at those tan lines on Mandy and Bella!”

“Oh my… Courtney’s not even a real blonde!”
“Now ladies,” Katie said. “Give us a look at the full moon. Bend over and spread those cheeks!”

The girls squirmed in humiliation as they obeyed. They spread their bare cheeks as the campers all laughed. “Please…” Mandy said. “Haven’t we done enough?”

“Not even close,” Katie said. “You all made our lives a living hell at school, so it’s only fair we get some much needed revenge.”

The girls looked puzzled until they saw the boys camp making their way over. The girls all gasped as they desperately covered their bodies as the jocks and the other guys made their way over, including their boyfriends.

Mandy found her bra and tried to use it to give herself more cover while Bella clutched her bare shaven crotch and tried to put on a cute smile.

Courtney looked so embarrassed but tried to put on a brave face.

Katie and the others all laughed and she had to cover her mouth as the boys whistled. “Holy shit, they’re all naked! Mandy looks kinda hot. Can’t say the same about the others, though.”

“So Katie really got them naked hahaha. Yo Katie, I owe you 20 bucks! I didn’t think you had it in you.”

“Hey ladies!” Katie shouted. “You all said you’d do anything! I want you all to drop your hands and show the boys what you’ve got!”

All three girls gasped. “No please! It was different when it was just girls!”

“I can’t have the boys looking at my naked body!” Bella shouted. “There’s no way!”

“Oh my God!” Mandy cried.

“Either that or we throw all your belongings in the camp bonfire tonight. You’ll have no choice but to go home naked with no help from us!” Katie yelled.

The three girls finally dropped their hands too humiliated that now all of the boys they knew were seeing them naked. Some of them sported proud boners of all sizes including little nubs. But some of them had their hands in their pants, dealing with their situation.

The girls would never be able to live it down as they were forced to do whatever Katie and the others wanted. And they did not spare them any dignity as they were stuck naked all week.

Finally it was all over. “Give us our clothes!” Mandy shouted. “We did what you wanted!”

Katie turned to them and laughed. “We never had them,” Katie said. “We threw them away at the beginning of camp! Looks like you ladies will have to go home naked after all!”

“NO!” Mandy cried. “My brother can’t see me like this!”

“My next door neighbor is an old creep!” Bella shouted.

“Please. Give us something!” Courtney begged.

“Bye ladies, hopefully you’ve all learned a valuable lesson,” Katie said with a smirk.

And with that, the three ladies were forced to go home naked as they walked to the bus and climbed on board. When they returned to school, they found their naked clothes plastered everywhere. People who hadn’t gone to camp still got to see them all naked. It was so humiliating!

Courtney and Bella transferred schools, but Mandy’s father refused to let her do anything. She had to endure the full humiliation knowing that everyone had seen her naked.
