The Not So Innocent Girlfriend
by Kinkyconfessions

I discover that my girlfriend has been hiding her true self.

The Not So Innocent Girlfriend Pt. 01

After we'd finished university my girlfriend Bethany and I had decided to move into an apartment together now that having been accepted onto a scholarship at a law firm I could afford the bills. Bethany however had decided to carry on her studies in English literature with a year long masters course, this meant that whilst I was out at work everyday day of the week she got to enjoy lounging around the new apartment all day working on her paper. I couldn't complain, she made sure dinner was waiting when I'd got home each night and now that we were living together the sex came in abundance more than making up for her lack of financial support.

One day my boss had let me leave at lunch time as a gesture to reword my hard work over the first few months of working for the company. When I'd arrived back home the living room was empty and I'd assumed Bethany had been out attending a lecture but then was startled by a noise coming from our bedroom. The door was closed but I could hear soft moaning from inside, I'd pressed my ear against the door and after hearing a series of groans and panting I'd concluded that I'd caught my girlfriend enjoying some solo play. My cock hardened in my suit pants as I continued to enjoy listening in.

"Give me that cock! Yes that feels so good." She shouted.

I realised that she wasn't playing with her self after all, there was somebody in there with her and she was cheating on me! I wanted to burst in but something within me prevented me from doing so, I guess I didn't want to actually see another guy fucking my girlfriend behind my back.

"It feels so much better than my boyfriends, it's stretching my little hole." I heard. "I'm going to ride this cock until I cream all over it!" Came another remark.

Bethany had always enjoyed sex and everything that it had to offer including talking dirty while she fucked. I just couldn't believe that my girlfriend who had always been faithful throughout our time at university and was the most innocent girl you'd come across was cheating on me. I was so close to bursting inside but no I'd decided to wait for the whole dreadful thing to be over and waited in the hallway outside the apartment just around the corner out of site impatiently waiting for the guy to leave so I could confront Bethany alone.

Almost three hours had passed and no movement had come from my doorway. I'd be torturing myself by imaging what my girlfriend was doing behind my back over the hours that had passed. One more agonising hour later and it was now the usual time I would have returned home from work but having locked my eyes onto that doorway for hours I was certain nobody had left. Wondering why she would consciously risk me catching them I once again walked inside my apartment bracing myself for a large scale argument.

"Hey honey you're just in time dinners on the table." She said realising I'd walked in.

I was at a complete loss, was the guy still in the apartment wondered to myself. I told her that I was going to change out of my suit and I'd checked every inch of our bedroom whilst doing so but there was no sign of anybody hiding inside. How had she managed to make him disappear without him leaving through the door? I asked myself puzzled since there was no other possible way. Bethany was her usual self whilst we sat eating the meal she'd made, she was asking how my day had been and I eagerly asked her what she'd been doing through the day. She'd told me she'd been to a lecture earlier that morning and that she'd had a riveting afternoon of research at home for the remainder of the day.

She'd blatantly lied to my face since I knew her afternoon was far from riveting. We'd watched the tv for the rest of the night and during the two occasions she'd left me alone i had quickly checked around the rest of our apartment trying to find anywhere that her friend could have been sneakily hiding. There were only a couple of possible places inside our small sized living area and after coming up with nothing I was now sure that nobody but the two of us were in the apartment.

Later that night I had just got into bed whilst Bethany went to take a quick shower and I'd thought I'd browse the internet whilst waiting for her. There was still a window open on her browser and the cursor was hovering over the cross to close it down yet she'd failed to click her mouse. I was very surprised that she'd been on a cam girl site and automatically assumed it was one of those annoying pop ups but there was a username and password saved into the log in portal. 'Welcome back Megan, you've made £205.20p today...' a message read after I'd logged her in and that's when the penny dropped, my girlfriend was a secret cam girl. She hadn't been cheating on me after all, the cock she'd been referring to must have been her dildo. Hearing the shower stop I'd quickly put the computer screen back to the way she had left it and pretended like I'd not just discovered her secret once she'd walked into our bedroom.

It's safe to say that I hadn't got any sleep that night. I'd never have thought Bethany was the type of girl who would expose herself on camera for anybody to see yet she hadn't made that amount of money without doing something and from what I'd heard I could imagine what that something had been. Hell she had made more than I'd earned that day and she'd still not helped pay for anything, what was she doing with three money? I thought to myself. I guess she would have had to explain where she'd come to get the money from knowing that I might not approve. To be truthful I wasn't sure that I'd liked my girlfriend exposing herself to the whole world, the thought that my own friends might be wanking over her made me angry but I wanted to be sure she'd actually been doing what I'd assumed before I'd confronted her about it.

The next day I'd checked the cam site at every possible opportunity i could during my breaks at work and finally during my lunch I'd noticed a girl with username of 'Megan_x22' who looked a lot like her amongst the many cams. After clicking on her stream there had been no doubt that the girl who was currently rubbing her pussy was my very own girlfriend. She was lay on her back with her legs hovering in the air with the camera focusing in on her. She'd had a pair of light pink fishnet stockings that I'd never seen before covering her short pale legs and the only other clothing she'd had one was matching thong that since it has been pushed to the side of the pussy was almost not existent. She was switching between squeezing her generously sized perky tits and rubbing her clit.

Users were sending her tokens and when she had reached a certain target she'd start to play with herself more and more, there was also some kind of pink vibrating toy inside of her pussy that if you tipped enough tokens you'd got to control the speed of for a minute. I glanced at the comments section and noticed she had a menu of different acts that each had a different token amount that she'd preform if that amount was gifted to her, some of them had really shocked me and didn't believe she would really do. She'd also set a goal that when she'd reached so many tokens she'd hold a squirt show for the highest tippers! My cock was raging in my pants as I watched her rubbing her pussy for currently 10,800 people but I'd reluctantly had to go back into the office and the by the next chance I'd got to check she'd logged off.

I'd now known for sure that Bethany was spending most her time at home as a cam girl yet I couldn't bring myself to tell her I'd found her out. I'd actually become addicted to watching her over the next few days that passed and had made an even made an account to tip her myself, although she'd seemed to log on at the same time each day so far and I'd only seen her rubbing her pussy during the twenty minutes I'd got to watch her for. I needed to see if she really had preformed the slutty acts she'd claimed she'd preform before thousands of strangers.

"Oh no my boyfriend is nowhere near as good as this dildo." She'd replied to a comment one day holding a large realistic dildo in her hand, which led me to hunt for her stash of sex toys later that night. I'm fact she had made several degrading comments about me each time I'd watched her making me wonder if she'd really meant them.

By the end of the week I'd told my boss that if needed to go to a doctors appointment but in reality I'd snuck off to the office toilets and locked myself inside a cubicle to finally watch my girlfriends full show. I was extremely shocked when I logged on and saw her already well into her show. She was wearing black mesh stockings and black leather high heels, she had a ball chocker around her neck and this time her panties were around her ankles. Having just been tipped 200 tokens she was currently had her legs spread out high in the air whilst fucking herself with a dildo and moaning loudly. What had shocked me was that she had a red crystal butt plug inside of her asshole! Bethany had never let me play with her ass and yet here she was with a butt plug inside of her, the headline of her goal for the day shocked me to my limit. 'Kinky Friday: watch me double fuck my holes when I reach 10,000 tokens' it read.

"Fuck that cock stretched my little hole so much, it makes my boyfriends cock feel like nothing!" She said to her fans as she pulled out showcasing her now gaping hole. This was one of the first degrading comments about me that had become part of her performance and something her top fans seemed to enjoy.

I sent a 300 token tip which meant that she had to finger her ass and I stroked my cock in excitement. I watched as she pulled the metal plug from her ass replacing it with two fingers and I finally got to see her ass being used for the my first time causing me to blow my load immediately. She was working her fingers in and out of her tight asshole like she'd done so many times before and for all I knew she had, the moans she was making whilst she rubbed her clit simultaneously were majestic. After five minutes she reinserted the butt plug and returned to her standby actions of teasingly rubbing her pussy to push her fans into tipping her to do more. She also replied to the occasional message in the comments section from her viewers and I'd asked her what her naughtiest wet dream had been hoping she might reply to it.

"Aha good question Samuel, well when I was in university I'd once dreamt that two of my boyfriends housemates had spit roasted me and it felt so real when I woke up so that was quite a naughty one I guess." She said.

I couldn't believe that she'd actually dreamt about fucking my friends and had taken pleasure in it! Somebody had tipped her another 100 tokens and she got onto her knees and started to give a blowjob to the dildo she'd earlier used in her pussy. I knew first hand just how great she was at sucking cock and watching her from this angle for the first time made me realise how lucky I was to have those lips around my cock most nights. After watching her get up close and personal to the camera and choke on the long plastic dildo as she took the whole length down her throat my cock returned to action. She was 1000 tokens away from meeting her goal however I was running out of time and was certainly not missing out on the final show, it cost me a lot of money but what I saw happen next was worth every penny.

"Oh wow someone couldn't wait any longer! Thank you so so much everyone you guys are the best and now I'm going to show you just how much it means to me." She said.

She bent over in a doggy styled position so that the camera had a clear view of both her ass that had been spread apart exposing both of her holes. The backs of her pale thighs were shining from the leakage that had been running down from her cunt over the past few hours. She removed the plug from her asshole and rubbed a handful of lube in between her bouncy ass cheeks. When I'd seen that she was going to fuck her holes at the same time I assumed she'd be using her fingers so when she placed a medium sized dildo at the entrance of her asshole my jaw dropped to the floor. Her asshole practically swallowed the entire length without a sign struggle and after getting a slow consistent rhythm going she filled her remaining hole with her larger dildo and she let out a moan of pleasure that was new to me and one I'd never forget.

She knew exactly what she was doing as she slowly teased with both dildos showing off just how much they were filling her up. Thankfully she started increasing the speed of which she fucked herself and you could see her toes start to curl up at the bottom of her heels which I knew meant she was seconds away from cumming. She'd pushed the cock in her ass as deep as it would go whilst her other hand began pumping the second cock into her dripping cunt with impressive speed until she couldn't last any longer letting it fall to the floor. Gushes of fluid squirted out of her gaping pussy whilst she rubbed on her clit and pounded her asshole with long hard strokes. Gushes of my own fluid also sprayed from myself in astonishment of what I was witnessing.

"Fuckkkkkk that felt fucking amazing!" She yelled between her outcries of joy.

"I wish two of you were really here using my holes instead of these dildos. Mmm I'm imagining having just cum like that but still having two pulsing cocks slamming into my sensitive holes afterward whilst my boyfriends hard at work at the office." She said rubbing her clit after collapsing onto the bed.

Bzzzzz, My phone started to ring, it was my boss telling me I was late for the meeting and I hurriedly pulled my pants back on and rushed to the conference room. I paid no attention to the presentation and could only think about what I'd seen my girlfriend just do to herself. Had she really meant what she'd said about wishing that two random guys would double fuck her? Surely she hadn't i assured myself, it was all just an act wasn't it? I couldn't be sure and it was killing me.

That night I'd licked my girlfriends pussy like it was going out of fashion knowing what it had endured earlier that day and I could see that her asshole was wider than usual even though it had reverted back to it's usual puckered state. Throughout the weekend I'd attempted to lick her asshole and she'd pulled my head away which angered me. She'd fucked her asshole for thousands of people and told them how much she'd wanted to be double fucked yet she wouldn't let me go anywhere near it.

One week later I'd just finished watching her finish her DP show once again after reaching her 'kinky Friday' goal. One of the watchers had asked if she'd ever let her boyfriend fuck her in the ass before.

"I'm afraid not, he has tried to lick my ass a few times but I'd pulled him away as he'd expect his innocent girlfriend to do. Each time I'd wished for him to push my hands away and just take my asshole but he's not go it in him I'm afraid." She'd said.

I couldn't believe it! I knew she was telling the truth and if she'd been telling the truth now then she must have been serious about all her other remarks. Little did I know that my innocently seeming girlfriend was really a dirty slut who wanted to be taken control of. God she really did mean it when she'd wished that two guys would double fuck her behind my back! I don't believe in fate but if there was ever a reason to it came straight after that thought had crossed my mind. I'd received a message from an old housemate of mine from my first year of university.

'Hey dude you'll never guess who I've just watched on a cam site, none other than your girlfriend! I couldn't believe it was really her who was double penning herself but it really was and you should have heard what she was saying about you. Just thought you should know what she's been doing and I've sent you a photo just Incase you don't believe me.' Read his message. Bellow the message was a photo he'd taken of her sucking the dildo when her face was clear enough to see.

An idea quickly formed in my mind after reading his message. My girlfriend had last week admitted having a wet dream about fucking my housemates, she'd wished for two random guys to be fucking her, and she'd just told thousands of people that I wasn't man enough to take her asshole for myself. My girlfriend was going to get quite the shock during her 'kinky Friday' finale show that following week when her viewers were going to see if she really could handle two cocks like she'd claimed she'd wanted so badly.


