Another Seven Days
by Bumpinguglies

Natalie turns Sally into a public exhibitionist.

Day 1

Natalie missed Gary. She missed his forthright manner and how he saw through and appreciated her little game. It had been a week of flashing her panties to different men on the train, sometimes catching them out, but it wasn't the same. There wasn't the thrill of showing them her cunt like she did Gary. Gone was the excitement of making plans to go even further and then carrying them out as she had done with him. She felt guilty that she had just blown him off without a word and gone off chasing other thrills. Taking a chance, she decided to text him and tell him she would be on the beach at sunset if he wanted to see her again. She owed him an apology at the very least.

She was sitting on a towel as the beach grew darker with the setting sun. Natalie looked hopefully around but there was nobody in sight. It looked like she wasn't going to get the opportunity to apologize or see him again. With a heavy heart, she started to collect her things to leave. It served her right.

"Leaving just as I get here." A voice came from behind her. Turning around, her face broke into a broad smile. He had come after all. Grabbing him, she kissed him and then fussed about laying out towels again for them. They both sat down and she poured them both a plastic glass of wine

"I'm sorry." She said, handing him a glass. He smiled at her. He knew what she was like and was just glad that she had contacted him. He had missed her just as much.

"So, how many men have you caught looking up your skirt?" He asked, smiling.

"None that openly ogled me like you." She told him. "You've ruined it completely." She said smiling.

"Good," he said, sliding his fingertips down the outside of her thigh. She wanted him and let her legs fall open hoping he would stroke down the inside as well. She wasn't disappointed. lowly he ran his fingers up along the inside of her thigh. Reaching down, she slid up the dress bunched between her legs revealing her panties. He ran his fingers lightly over them, feeling every bulge and crevice of her lovely cameltoe. He was loving her apology so far. She shivered at the light touch of his fingertips pressing into her slit through the material and felt her cunt getting wet. Before he could even contemplate slipping his hand inside her panties, she gripped the tops of them and slid them down. Fuck, her cunt was just like he remembered it, smooth and enticing with its slightly parted lips..

They lay back together on the towels and kissed. With her legs open and her panties around her ankles he pressed his hand to her cunt, his middle finger starting to stroke her aroused hard clit. She moaned into his open mouth as he rubbed her towards orgasm, her legs opening even wider. She wanted him to fuck her, right there on the beach.

"Fuck me." she panted, her cunt needing his hard cick inside it. Sitting up, he pulled her panties off her ankles and tossed them aside. Pushing her legs apart, he knelt between them and undid his pants, pushing them down and releasing his thick rigid cock. She stared at it standing straight up in front of him. Fuck she wanted that inside her. With his pants around his knees, he moved over her, guiding the swollen head of his cock to her eager wet opening. Feeling the tip pressed into her entrance, he pushed inside, forcing his cock deep into her cunt. She moaned at the feeling of him filling her, his thick cock rubbing her insides as he thrust in and out.

"Oh yes, that's it, fuck my cunt." She encouraged him. "Fuck it hard." He drove himself inside her, ramming his cock deep, his bare ass rising and falling with every hard thrust.

"Oh God." she cried out, her cunt starting to cum. Above her he moaned, his straining cock about to erupt. He drove every inch deep inside her cunt and froze, his pulsing cock filling her cunt with thick warm cum. He rolled off her and they lay naked from the waist down on the towels under the moonlight, breathing heavily.

"Thats the best fucking apology I've ever had." He panted and they both burst out laughing. He pulled up his pants while she on the other hand pulled her dress off over her head. She wanted to be naked in the moonlight and it was okay with him, she looked stunning naked. They sat drinking wine for a while before they decided it was time to leave,

"Can you do me a favor before we go?" she asked.

"Yes, what's that?" he replied.

"Can you dig me another hole?" He smiled and did as she asked. Just like last time, he knelt watching as she sat on the edge of the hole with her legs wide open and pissed into it, the warm stream of pee reflecting the moonlight as it flowed out of her cunt. He could never tire of watching her do that. Natalie pulled on her dress and panties and collecting her stuff stood up.

"So, I'll see you on the train next week eh." he said, winding her up.

"Where do you think you're going? You're coming home with me." She said indignantly. He smiled and then she realized he had been teasing. Just as well because she wasn't done with his cock yet. Even though her cunt was satisfied, it was only temporary, She was in the mood to fuck and Gary was it. Not only that, she had missed him and the excitement he generated in her. Hand in hand they set off for her apartment..

Gary sat on the sofa with a glass of wine waiting for Natalie to return from the bedroom. When she did, he had to look twice, she was stark naked. He watched her cross the room and pick up her glass of wine off the coffee table.

"Should I be taking my clothes off too?" he asked.

"No, not yet." she told him. "You can look but no touching." she added. She was doing it again, getting him aroused, letting him see what he couldn't have just yet. Sitting in her chair across from him, she opened her legs. His eyes travelled from her ample breasts down to the lovely shaved cunt nestled between her parted thighs. Her plan was working. He wanted that cunt so much he was already hard inside his pants. It was just like the train except she was totally naked. She knew it too. She could feel his eyes boring into her cunt wanting to fuck it. His arousal made her even wetter between the legs.

"Do you like my tits?" she asked, squeezing and rolling a nipple between her thumb and finger.

"Fuck yes." he said, his cock no fully erect, trapped in his pants. She rubbed the other nipple and then slowly slid one leg up onto the arm of her chair, exposing and parting her cunt even more.

"How about my cunt? Do you like it, I do." she said as she slowly ran a finger up its wet parted slit. His cock strained in his pants, he wanted to fuck her but all he could do was watch her slowly rubbing her clit and slipping her fingers inside her wet cunt. Wet and aroused, It was all she could do to stop herself making it cum. That wasn't the game though. The game was to torture him, make him desperate for the cunt between her legs. It was working, all he could think of was ramming his cock into her wet hole. Figuring he had been tortured enough, she withdrew her fingers and smiling at him, sat wit her legs closed. Natalie couldn't believe the huge bulge in his pants. She could see the stiff outline of his rigid cock pressing against the material

"Take it out." she said breathlessly. Gary unzipped his pants, reached in and pulled out his hard cock. Fuck, it looked huge Natalie thought as she stared at it. "Pull it." she croaked, her cunt throbbing even more with a longing for it inside her. He started to slowly pull himself, sliding his hand up and down his swollen rigid shaft, precum starting to ooze from the tip. He couldn't look between her legs, it would make him cum if he did. "Stop." she moaned. She knew he was close and she was determined he wasn't going to waste that hard cock and his cum on his hand. He sat there with his rigid cock jerking with excitement. He was too far gone to fuck now she thought. He would only last seconds. Better to let them both calm down a bit. "You can take your clothes off now." she said, hoping that was the distraction they both needed. Standing up, he began to strip. Shoes and socks, then his shirt and finally, he slid his pants down and kicked them off. His cock was still rigid but a little less excited by the time he had finished.

Natalie stood up, crossed the room and standing in front of him, reached out and took him in her hand. It was risky but she just had to hold that lovely thick cock. Slowly she pulled it, not fast enough to make him cum. Gary groaned at the feel of her hand sliding along his hard shaft and reached between her legs in response. His fingers dug into Natalie's wet cunt as she stroked him. "Slowly." she whispered as he tried desperately to finger fuck her fast and make her cum. It was too late, there was no going back. He thrust his fingers hard and fast into her and she pulled him faster. They clung together, both shaking, frantically masturbating each other. Suddenly, they both fell over the edge and came together, jerking as her cunt gushed on his fingers inside her and his cock squirted cum across the room onto the carpet. They stood gasping and twitching from their massive orgasms. It wasn't a fuck but it was fucking awesome nonetheless. Gary flopped onto the couch as Natalie refilled their wine. She joined him on the couch and they sipped their drinks thirstily as they recovered together.

"We were meant to fuck." Natalie laughed.

"I wouldn't have got it inside you." Gary said, his chest still heaving slightly.

"You know what." she said.

"What?" he asked.

"I enjoyed that just as much." she told him, smiling.

"Me too." he replied, lifting his arm up for her to cuddle into him. They stayed like that for the next hour, only moving to get up and refresh their drinks. Both in the mood again, they knew it was time for bed. Even before they had reached the bedroom, Natalie had decided she wanted him to take her from behind. She loved having cock thrust inside her in that position. Entering the bedroom, she climbed onto all fours with open legs, offering her cunt up to him. Seeing her round ass cheeks and open waiting hole beneath them, he climbed onto the bed pulling his cock, eager to be inside her. Pressing himself against her ass, he found her opening with his hard cock and pushed into her wet eager throbbing cunt.

Natalie moaned as his rigid cock filled her and began thrusting in and out.


Day 2

"You know how you like to display yourself." He said as he slowly stroked his finger up and down her pussy as they lay in bed in the morning. It wasn't an arousing fondle, more like an intimate gesture.

"Yes." She said, wondering where this was leading.

"What if you could flash the whole beach and no one realized it." He said.

"How would I do that?" She asked, suddenly interested.

"It's a surprise, leave it to me, but I'll have to go out in a bit." He told her.

She was so glad she had made up with Gary. He knew her so well and was on board with everything she did. He understood her. What the hell was he up to though. His grin was purely evil.

"Stand still." he said several hours later as she stood in the middle of the living room naked with her arms outstretched while Gary painstakingly painted her naked skin. He stood back and looked at her.

"Perfect." He said. "Don't get too close to anyone and they will never know you're naked." Gary had painted a black swimsuit on her naked body. Only her hard nipples and clear cameltoe gave it away. Natalie looked at herself in the mirror. Fuck yes, that would work. She couldn't wait to get down to the beach. She turned and looked at him adoringly. He had embraced her game and was taking it to a whole new level. Actively helping her to expose herself in public.

"It's water based so stay clear of the ocean." He told her. Carefully, Natalie put on her clothes over the body paint. She was going to parade down the beach totally naked and they wouldn't even know it. Gary collected a box of wine and some plastic glasses and they made off for the beach.

The sun was at about forty five degrees in the sky when Natalie slipped off her dress. She was naked but felt like she was clothed in his swimsuit of paint. There were people in the water and spread over the sand. Gary took her hand and led her down to the water's edge. Casually, they began to stroll along the beach. No one paid any attention, all they could see was a woman in a very close fitting swimsuit. That was not to say that she didn't get looks. Men in and out of the water lusted after her with their eyes. If only they knew they were staring at her naked cunt and not some costume.

"How's that?" Gary asked as they strolled the waterline.

"Fucking unreal." Natalie said. "The whole world can see my tits and cunt and they don't even know it,"

"I can." He said smiling as he looked down at where her thighs met.

Returning to their towels, they sat and drank their wine as the crowd on the beach slowly thinned. Even the man who had been lying on his stomach and ignored his wife's concerns about a sunburned back had gone. He had been staring between Natalie's legs and didn't fancy having to explain the hard cock in his shorts to the wife and kids if he turned over.

"I think I'll go for a swim." Natalie said, getting up off the towel.

" Remember what I said, it's not waterproof." Gary reminded her.

"I know." Natalie said with a devilish grin.

While Natalie was in the water rubbing the paint off her body, Roger and Sally walked up to where Gary was sitting,

"Hello stranger." Roger said, "Mind if we join you?" The couple sat down and Gary poured them a glass of wine.

"What's the hole for?" Roger asked. Gary was about to reply when Natalie emerged from the water totally naked, all the paint having washed off. Roger couldn't help himself and stared between her legs, openly showing he wanted her cunt. If he had just been a little more attentive, he would have noticed that Sally, his wife, was doing exactly the same.

"Hello you two." Natalie said, standing there, totally naked. Bending over she picked up a towel and started drying herself off with her smooth shaved cunt right at their eye level. They seemed shocked that she had walked out of the water completely naked with other people not too far away on the beach. Their dismay made Natalie smile. Apparently there were things you just didn't do like parading stark naked on a beach. While Sally sat shocked with her mouth open, Roger couldn't give a fuck and was just happy staring at Natalie's bare cunt.

"We thought you might like another game of cards." Sally said, trying to hide her excitement as Natalie pulled on her dress. Her and Roger hadn't been able to think of anything else since their last encounter and had fucked like rabbits all week with the added excitement it had given to their waning sex life.

"You know just how to spoil a woman." Natalie said, noticing the hole Gary had dug in the sand. Always needing to pee at the beach, probably from the cool water or the noise of the waves, she squatted over the hole in the sand with her dress pulled up and her legs wide open. "What do you think?" she asked as she started to piss into the hole. As much as they tried to ignore it, both Roger and Sally couldn't help but look, turned on by the sight of Natalie's pissing cunt.

"As long as I don't have to suck Roger's cock." Gary joked.

"Cards it is then." Natalie said, shaking the last drops of piss off her cunt. Gary collected their things while Natalie pulled on her dress. No need for panties, she thought. Excited and filled with anticipation, Sally and Roger walked with them towards Natalie's apartment. Sally's cunt was already aroused and wet and Roger's cock grew harder the closer they got. Having played the game, they were full of anticipation. Anything could happen, It all depended on who had the highest card and what they desired.

"Let's play cards." Natalie said, inside her apartment, pulling her dress off over her head, leaving her naked from head to toe. When she turned around, Sally had Rogers shorts pulled down at the front and was frantically pulling his hard thick cock as his fingers scrambled to find her aroused clit inside her pants.

"Not yet." Natalie said. Walking up to them naked. "Let the cards decide." she said, replacing Sally's hand on Rogers cock with her own, her other hand slipping down inside Sally's panties. " You fucking want to cum don't you?" she said, rubbing them both. Roger reached out for Natalie's bare cunt but she pulled away. "All in good time." she told him as her hand stroked his rigid cock and her fingers rubbed at Sally's excited clit.

"Get undressed," she ordered them and they hastily shed their clothes. All three sat naked on the floor, their hearts beating fast as Natalie shuffled the cards. Behind them, Gary was stripping off his clothes after putting away everything they had carted back from the beach. Natalie dealt the cards and Roger had the highest, He knew it was a cliche but he just had to see it, Turning to his wife he smiled.

"Lick Natalie's cunt," he ordered her. Sally couldn't have wished for a better task. She had been eyeing up Natalie's cunt ever since she saw it piss in the sand earlier on the beach. Also happy with the task, Natalie spread her legs wide as Sally crawled on all fours between them. Natalie groaned softly as Sally's eager tongue stroked up her wet parted slit, the tip rubbing her aroused hard clit. Watching from behind, as much as he wanted to see his wife lick pussy, Roger couldn't take his eyes off his wife's wet cunt, Every fibre of his being wanted to fuck it.

"Fuck her." Natalie said pulling her cunt away from Sally's mouth, Sally flipped over and opened her legs, Roger was on her in a second, pushing his rigid cock into her cunt.

"Slowly." Natalie said, walking behind Roger. With her legs wide open, she rubbed her wet cunt up and down on his back as he thrust his hard cock inside his wife. Determined not to be left out, Gary knelt beside Sally and laid his hard cock across her open mouth, Desperate to be fucked both ends, Sally enveloped his cock with her mouth, sucking on it hard as her husband filled her cunt.

"Stop!" Natalie yelled. It wasn't her call but she made it anyway. Roger pulled out of Sally, his cock rigid and twitching while Gary reefed his cock out of Sally's mouth and rubbed his hard thick shaft all over her face. Sally moaned and squirmed on the floor, her unfulfilled cunt and hungry mouth both aching for more hard cock.

"Let's go to the pub for a drink first." Natalie said. Helping Sally up off the floor. Needing to find Sally a dress to wear, both women went into the bedroom leaving the men languishing with their unrelieved hard cocks and aching cum filled balls.

"Tell me what you do." Sally asked as Natalie picked out a dress to loan her. "I want to flash my cunt just like you, it's exciting." she said. Natalie explained just how she had got Gary interested,

"Fuck." that's so sexy Sally told her. She looked at herself in the mirror. The dress fitted well except for around the bust. Her tits were bigger than Natalie's and the dress was a little tight there. Natalie told her it looked fine and that with tits like hers in a tight dress she was going to get stares, The first step on being an exhibitionist.

"What's the next step?" Sally asked.

"Get rid of these." Natalie smiled as she reached up under Sally's dress and pulled down her panties.

Both women stood in front of the full length mirror and pulled up their dresses revealing their shaved cunts.

"Perfect," Natalie said. With that, they smoothed their dressed back down and rejoined the now dressed men in the living room. The four of them walked to the bar Natalie and Gary had visited, the men blissfully ignorant that the two women were absolutely naked under their dresses.

"Oh look, our table's vacant." Natalie said, making a beeline for it. Sally joined her and they sat next to each other while the men went to the bar to get drinks. "You know what to do." Natalie said to Sally while they waited for the men to return. "Just like I told you." she said. Carrying two drinks each, the men passed them out and sat opposite the two women. They all raised their glasses. "To us." Gary said and they all took a sip. As Sally placed her glass back on the table, her arm accidentally knocked her packet of cigarettes onto the floor. Being closest and a gentleman, Roger bent to pick them up for her. As soon as his head was below the table, Sally opened her legs giving him a wonderful view up her dress and between her parted thighs. Roger froze under the table, his whole attention focused on the lovely shaved aroused cunt between his wife's open thighs. Sally could feel his stare boring into her cunt. Picking up the cigarettes, Roger was so distracted he banged his head on the underside of the table as he went to sit up.

"You okay there Roger." Natalie asked, smiling. Roger looked at his wife, She had a beaming grin on her face. Looking on, Gary knew exactly what was going on.

"She put you up to this didn't she." Roger said grinning.

"No, it was my idea." Sally told him. "Do you like it?"

"What do you think." he replied, his cock already twice the size in his pants than when they had walked in. Sally's cunt was tingling. Now she got it. The thrill of being pantyless in public and exciting someone as she gave them a sneaky little peek at her bare cunt. A cunt they wanted but couldn't have, at least not there and then. Roger was lucky, he was going to get her cunt, others wouldn't be so lucky. Yes, there were going to be others. She wanted to experience Natalie's game for herself.

"Do you know what I'm doing now?" Sally asked, leaning over the table towards her husband. Judging by the look on her face and her slightly moving arm he had a very good idea. Under the table, Sally was pushing two fingers into her saturated cunt.

"Kiss my hand." she said, raising her hand from under the table and offering the back of it for him to kiss. Roger took his time, lingering on her hand long enough to smell the wet cunt on her fingers.

"She's a natural." Natalie whispered admiringly to Gary who was staring at Sally's hand wishing he could lick her fingers. Natalie slapped his hand. "Hey, I'm here." she said, jolting him back to reality. "Go and get another round of drinks." she told him. As Gary stood up and leaned over to collect the empty glasses, Natalie pulled back the top of her dress. Fuck! He could see the top of her shaved slit. Both those horny bitches were in it together. The dirty little cunts. Not that he was complaining. Collecting the empty glasses with a smile on his face, he went to the bar. Natalie got up and moved to Gary's empty chair.

"So Roger, how much do you want your wife's cunt?" she asked, her hand rubbing across the hard bulge in his pants. Roger was lost for words and couldn't answer. "Judging by this hard bulge I think he wants your cunt very much." she told Sally as she massaged Rogers cock through his pants.

"I want your hard cock inside my wet cunt." Sally said to Roger looking him in the eyes. Natalie felt his cock jerk in his pants. Fuck he was horny for his wife. Sally was loving it. Never since they had been married had they wanted each other so much. Gary returned with their fresh drinks and was forced to sit next to Sally. As he passed them out, Sally brushed her hand over the front of his pants. The result was instantaneous and she felt his cock harden rapidly. Now both women were rubbing the men's cocks through their pants under the table. Their arousal was palpable, they wanted to cum so badly. The women smiled at each other, they were a team, working together to keep these two men on the edge and almost begging for their aromatic wet cunts.

"Who wants to go home and fuck?" Nataile asked with a smile. All of them nodded eagerly and they all got up and hurriedly left the bar. Even before the door was shut behind them at her apartment, Natalie had her dress pulled off over her head and facing them, was rubbing her shaved wet cunt.

"Who's for cards?" she asked.'

"Fuck cards." Roger said, already naked from the waist down with a raging hard cock. Ripping off his shirt, he strode across the room and pushed Natalie backwards onto the couch. Straddling her on it, he thrust his hard cock into her mouth, Holding her by the hair he started driving his cock into her throat, Natalie gagged but wanted all of him. Angling her head back, she let his hard thick cock down into her esophagus. Desperate to cum but not wanting to do it in her throat, Roger pulled out, pushed her legs wide apart and rammed his rigid cock into her cunt.

"Oh fuck!" Natalie cried out as he filled her completely in one hard deep thrust. Sally was still pulling her dress off when Gary dragged her to the floor. Pushing her legs apart, he buried his face between them, frantically lapping at her drenched cunt, Crying out, Sally put both hands on the back of his head and pressed face to her aroused cunt. Overtaken with lust, Gary hungrily lapped between her legs and rubbed his face in her wet slit.

"Fuck me." Sally moaned; desperate for his hard cock inside her. On the couch, Natalie was crying out with each deep hard thrust of Roger's cock inside her cunt, Grunting hard, he was ramming his cock inside her, fucking her eager cunt as hard as he could. Gary had Sally on all fours, thrusting himself against her ass as he drove his straining cock deep in her cunt. Fuck he needed to cum. He had, ever since seeing Natalie's shaved slit at the bar.

"Yes!" Natalie shouted as Roger plunged deep inside her and started cumming; his pulsating cock filling her cunt with cum. Sally's head was on the floor, her hands clawing at the carpet as Gary fucked her cunt hard from behind. Her ass and legs were shaking in orgasm when he pulled his cock out and came hard all over her back.

Roger looked at Sally and they both smiled. Watching each other fucking someone else was such a rush. If anything, it made them want each other even more. She was the dirty cunt that loved to fuck cock and he was the cock that wanted the slutty cunt between her legs.

"Time for bed." Natalie said, climbing off the couch.

"I thought we were playing cards." Sally said.

"It's a bit late for that." Natalie replied, smiling.

As Gary climbed into bed naked, Natalie sat on the toilet trying to force out and wipe away as much of Roger's cum as she could. She didn't want Gary to get sloppy seconds. Turning out the light, she climbed into bed and took hold of Gary's cock under the covers. Pulling it, she soon had him nice and hard. Fingering her wet cunt, Gary rolled over between her legs. Natalie spread her legs even wider, opening her cunt up in readiness for his hard cock.

In the living room on the couch, Sally was crying out as her husband drove his hard cock deep into her slippery wet aroused cunt.

The night was young and all four of them were fucking horny. Who knew what was going to happen. They might swap partners again or all fuck in the same room watching each other. For now though, both women were just enjoying having their wet cunts fucked by eager rigid cocks.


Day 3

Gary was surprised to see Sally sitting on the train where Natalie should have been. Smiling, he sat opposite her. Dressed in a white top and short black skirt and nylons, she looked gorgeous.

"Has she sent the apprentice?" he asked, grinning.

"Something like that." Sally replied, smiling. The train pulled out of the station and Gary sat watching Sally, wondering what was coming. Ten minutes into the journey, looking around to make sure no-one was watching, she parted her legs riding her skirt up. His eyes drawn immediately between her open thighs, Gary saw her black sheer pantyhose with their solid strip across the top to look like stockings drawn tight over her white panties. Even though her cunt seemed unassailable beneath the two layers, he could just imagine her pulling them down layer by layer to sit on the toilet, her shaved cunt pissing with them around her knees, It made him fucking hard just picturing it. Was this it though? Was that all she had?

Smiling, Sally picked up her phone and pressed send. Gary's phone buzzed and distracted from the view between her legs, he opened the message. "Use your earphones." the message read. Plugging them in, he opened the clip that was attached. Straight away, he could see a close-up of two women naked sitting side by side, naked with their thighs parted, each one rubbing the other's parted cunt. He recognized both cunts and one of them was sitting in front of him right now. As the video went on, each woman became more and more aroused, opening their legs wider in their need to cum. Finally, with shaking legs and loud moans of pleasure they came with the other's fingers stuck inside them or rubbing hard at their clit.

Sally studied his face, it was a picture of sheer excitement, only matched by the obvious bulge in his pants. When the video finished and he looked up, she smiled and parted her legs even wider. Fuck he wanted her cunt right now. Wanted to slip his hand inside those pantyhose and panties and rub her cunt. Inside his pants, his cock was rigid with desire. Knowing it and loving watching him squirm, Sally typed on her phone and pressed send.

"Enjoy your wank. See you tomorrow." the message read. With that, she closed her legs, got up and walked to the carriage doors as the train approached the station. She got out as soon as they opened and was gone by the time he left the carriage. He fucking was going to enjoy his wank. His mind filled with the images of her open legs and the video, he raced home. Connecting the video to his TV, he slid down his pants and laid back on the couch with his shirt pulled up and pressed play. He was already stroking his hard cock when it came on. It was only a short clip but by the time it had ended, his stomach was covered in cum.

"How did it go?" Natalie asked down the phone.

"Better than I thought." Sally said.

"Did you show him your cunt?> Natalie asked.

"No, I did like you said and just gave him a tease." Sally told her.

" Good girl, what about the video of us?"

"I watched him drooling and his cock get hard in his pants." Sally told her with a huge smile on her face.

"God." Natalie said. "I bet he's wanking over it right now."

"I hope so." Sally replied, her cunt getting wet just thinking about Gary pulling his cock watching them finger each other.

"What about Roger?" Does he know what you are doing?"

"Fuck yes, he wants a replay the moment I get home. I hope he realizes it may be days before he gets to fuck me. That's the exciting part. Tempting them and making them wait."

"You're a fast learner, I'm proud of you." Natalie said, smiling down the phone.

"I had a good teacher." Sally replied, her cunt already getting wet again with the thought of tempting and denying her husband. If he wanted her to replay her adventure, there was no way he was going to fuck her before Gary did. It was all part of the tease.

"Show me what happened." Roger said when she returned to the living room. Sitting opposite him on the couch, Sally opened her legs giving him the same view she had given Gary. Pressing play on the remote, the video she had made in secret with Natalie came up on the screen. Roger watched, his gaze torn between the video and his wife's open legs. Not constrained like on the train, he openly rubbed his hard cock as he watched. When the video finished, he made to approach Sally, his intention obvious, he wanted to fuck her. Smiling, she denied him. If he wanted to play then it would have to be by the rules. Roger almost whimpered in desperate frustration, his cock needing release at seeing his wife's cunt being made to cum by her new friend.


Day 4

Gary couldn't wait to see what Sally had in store for him today. Even though he knew what her cunt was like it was still exciting and he wanted it. He remembered how tight, wet and warm it had been when he fucked her. It didn't help that she had texted him during the day to tell him how wet she was thinking about his hard cock.

He was already semi hard when he stepped onto the train. Sally was there, minus her nylons. She smiled as he sat down opposite her. She had an air of arousal about her which made his cock even harder in his pants and he couldn't wait for the games to begin . Ten minutes out of the station, she carefully parted her legs. Staring at her panties, he remembered what the cunt beneath them was like and he wanted it. Wanted to pull those panties down and fuck her wet pussy. Making sure no-one was watching, she reached between her legs and rubbed her panties into her wet slit, hoping that her wetness would soak into them and show. When she removed her fingers, he could see the material trapped between her lips, showing him the lovely slit hidden beneath, She smiled at him. "You like?" she asked.

Fuck yes he liked. He just wanted to reef out his cock and pull it. Tempting him further, Sally reached between her legs again, her fingers poised at the leg of her panties, ready to pull them aside. His breathing stopped and his heart pounded as he waited for her to show him her cunt. Dashing his hopes. Sally withdrew her hand and closed her legs. She smiled as she saw the anguished look on his face. At the same time it made her wet seeing someone so desperate to see her cunt. Fuck she loved this game.

Deciding to put him out of his misery, she parted her legs again, reached between them and slid her panties across, revealing her drenched shaved slit. Gary almost groaned aloud at the sight of her exposed cunt. Fuck he wanted to rub his cock and he did, grinding his hand over the bulge in his pants as he stared between her open legs with her parted cunt there in front of him but not for the taking.

Unnoticed, further back in the cartridge, Natalie watched her protege drive Gary crazy. She knew exactly what was going on and it made her cunt tingle thinking it was her doing it not so long ago. She remembered the look on his face and the hard bulge in his pants like it was yesterday. Sally was doing fucking great.

Sally slid a finger up her parted slit and put it in her mouth, covering her pussy with her panties at the same time. Gary groaned with frustration. He wanted to taste that finger and keep looking at her cunt.

"See you tomorrow." Sally said again as she got up out of her seat and made for the carriage doors. Natalie joined her unseen and they both alighted the carriage as soon as it stopped. Walking together, they left the station, making plans for Gary's next day of torture.

"You're doing so good." Natalie said, proud of how Sally could arouse Gary

.

"It's fun." Sally said, not just meaning her arousing Gary, The whole thing had her cunt wet from start to finish. She was rapidly getting to the point where she was exciting herself just as much and really needed to fuck something or someone,

Gary left the station and made his way home. He wasn't going to get to fuck Sally's cunt but he was sure going to cum hard pulling himself imagining he was. Laid back on the couch with his pants pulled down, he closed his eyes and imagined her rubbing her soft wet slit over his cock before inserting it inside her. Pulling himself slowly, he imagined her lowering onto him, forcing his hard cock deep in her cunt. Oh fuck! He wanted her and pulled his cock faster. Fuck me! She cried out in his mind, thrusting her cunt hard down on his rigid cock.

"Oh fuck!" he moaned, pulling himself hard. Suddenly, he jerked and his cock erupted, spewing cum all over himself. Not knowing what she had in mind the next day had him so fucking aroused. It was agony not being able to fuck her but it was also part of the excitement.

Back at home, Sally groaned as she laid back on the sofa with her legs apart, slowly rubbing her wet cunt as Roger pulled his cock watching her. Reaching down between her legs with both hands, she pulled her lips apart, showing him her wet aching hole. Roger groaned and pulled his cock even harder, wishing he was inside it.

"Cum for me." Sally whispered and Roger groaned again, his rigid straining cock cumming in his hand. Sally watched with delight as he sprayed himself with thick squirts of cum. His hand rapidly pulled his cock in his hard orgasm.

"Just a few days and you can stick it inside me." she told him, keeping his arousal and craving for the wet cunt between her legs.


Day 5

Day five had arrived and Sally was going out of her mind. Her husband Roger was climbing the walls, desperate to get his cock inside her and she needed to fuck too. If it hadn't been for Natalie telling steer the course, she would have opened her legs and let Roger fuck the shit out of her, Together the women made a plan.

Gary was already half hard when he got on the train. Sally was there waiting for him. Ten minutes into the journey. She surveyed the carriage and then parted her legs showing him the tightly stretched triangle of material between her parted thighs. He desperately wanted that cunt hidden beneath her panties. Knowing how aroused he was, she ever so slowly pulled them aside and showed him her wet aroused slit. He couldn't help but stare at it, his cock growing even harder as he gaped at her gorgeous soft wet pink inner lips glistening with her excited wetness

"Touch it." she whispered. Leaning forward, he reached out and slid his fingers between her wet soft inner lips. Fuck her cunt felt so nice.

"That's enough." she said, closing her legs again. Desperate for her cunt, he sniffed his fingers, hoping to smell her cunt on them. He wasn't disappointed, she was nice and ripe. Sally let him watch her part and close her thighs for the rest of the journey, opening and closing her legs, tempting him with the wet cunt underneath the thin layer of material that covered it. By the end of the journey, he was ready to cum. All he could think of was pulling her little panties aside and thrusting his cock inside her shaved wet cunt.

Stepping off the train at his stop, he was resigned to pulling his cock when he saw both Sally and Natalie standing there smiling at him. Taking him by each arm, both of them led him into women's toilets and into a cubicle. Locking it, Natalie reached up under her dress, pulled down her panties and sat on the toilet with her dress pulled up and her legs wide open. His heart pounding he watched as she started to rub her cunt for him while Sally unzipped his pants. Reaching inside them, she released his hard cock and started to pull it.

Fuck! He couldn't believe it. Watching Natalie finger her cunt while he had his cock pulled. He was in fucking heaven and so close to cumming. Sally pulled him faster, sensing his need and he watched growing even closer to orgasm as Natalie thrust two fingers inside her wet cunt. Seeing he was about to cum, she sat up and leaned forward with her mouth open as Sally pulled him even faster.

With a loud groan he came, his first squirt of cum missing Natalie's mouth and hitting her cheek. With a slight adjustment of her aim, Sally made the second squirt hit its target, the thick rope of cum squirting right into Natalie's mouth. As he jerked in orgasm, Natalie gulped down his thick cum and Sally dropped to her knees beside him, her mouth enveloping his cock to suck up the last of his cum oozing from the tip of his cock. Fuck that was good and Sally's warm mouth on his softening cock sucking him clean was all anyone could ever hope for. As Natalie leaned back on the toilet with her legs wide open, Sally stood up and replaced his cock in his pants and zipped him up.

"That's it, you can go now." Sally said. What the fuck. He wanted to fuck them both but he was being sent on his way. It was all part of the game and he had to follow orders. Reluctantly, he left the cubicle and exited the toilets. It would be a dejected walk home but on the bright side, he had just gained a memory he could wank over forever.

Back in the cubicle, horny from their encounter, Sally straddled Natalie on the toilet and both women started rubbing each other's cunts. Aroused and aching to cum, Natalie slid her hand under Sally's top to massage her tits while Sally rode Natalie's hand. Mid way through, a woman entered the toilets and sat in the next cubicle. With her panties around her knees, she pissed and listened to the moans of arousal coming from next door. Aroused herself, she lingered, listening to the two women, her cunt growing more excited by the second. The two women came in loud orgasms and she heard them pulling up their panties and leaving. With them gone, she pushed her panties down around her ankles and opened her legs. Frantically, she rubbed at her wet cunt until she came hard right there on the toilet. Fuck what they were doing sounded so erotic.

Standing up, she pulled up her panties and flushed the toilet. She wished she could have been part of what was going on in the next cubicle. He would be stretched out in front of the TV when she got home. All she could hope for was the kids had been fed, bathed and put to bed. That way Mummy could have some alone time in the bath with her little waterproof friend. Fuck she wished someone would make her cunt cum like she had just heard. It had been so long.


Day 6

Roger woke up at the end of his tether, Determined to fuck his wife, he reached between her legs and started to rub her cunt. As much as she wanted to resist, his finger wore down her willpower and Sally was soon writhing in the bed, her cunt on the verge of cumming. Roger rubbed at her whole cunt and she came, gasping and thrusting her cunt upwards in orgasm. Desperate for some hard cock inside her, she straddled him and positioned on his cock, lowered herself taking all of him inside her. Fuck it felt good, all that hard cock buried deep in her cunt. Looking down at him, she started to ride it. Slowly at first and then faster and faster, wanting it to fuck her aching cunt hard. Roger groaned as she took every inch of his hard cock deep in her wet cunt. Panting, Sally rode him hard until she froze on his cock, her legs and ass shaking. At the same time Roger pushed up hard inside her, his cock depositing his cum deep in her body.

Sally didn't want to end the game fucking Roger. To keep it going, she texted Gary at work.

"I'm in the toilet rubbing my cunt thinking about your cock." it said. Gary read it and his pulse raced, Jesus, he wanted to fuck the living shit out of her. Getting up from his desk, he went to the toilet, sat in a cubicle with his pants down and started to pull his cock.

"Me too." he texted her back in between pulling himself. Sally's cunt grew suddenly wet knowing what he was doing thinking about her.

"Make it cum for me." she messaged back.

"Send me your cunt." he messaged, hardly able to contain his excitement. Sally put her phone between her legs and pressed play. When he got the clip, Gary pulled his cock hard, cumming in seconds, his phone recording it all. He sent it to her. Sally watched, her heart beating hard as she saw his cock cumming in hard streams of thick cum as he thought of her. This was something she would watch over and over again, mostly rubbing her cunt to it. Fuck it was so erotic and arousing.

"See you on the train," she replied. She couldn't wait. Her cunt was going to be wet all day thinking about the game. It was a pity Roger had caved in. At least she still had Gary in the game. It was taking over her life it seemed but there wasn't anything she could do to stop herself. No wonder Natalie was so hooked on it. It developed a life of its own as it went along. Now all she could think of was tantalizing Gary and finally fucking him. Seeing him cum wanting her so bad. That was the point of it, to make them crave your cunt so badly, they would do anything for it.

Sally sat on the train, her cunt throbbing with arousal as she waited for Gary. She knew she was wet and suspected her panties were too. It may have been something to do with her rubbing her cunt before she left for the station. She wasn't alone, Gary's cock was already hard by the time he boarded the train. He wanted to see that cunt again. Wanted to see her fingers pull her panties aside, showing him her lovely wet slit within those lovely soft wet lips inside it. As he sat down opposite her, Sally leaned forward.

"You van see my cunt or fuck it. It's your choice." she whispered. Even though she knew the answer, she just wanted to hear him say it. All day she had been longing for his hard cock between her legs, fucking her wet throbbing cunt.

"I think I'll take the latter," he said grinning. "Not even just a peek?" he asked. Quickly, she opened her thighs. In between them were nice white panties stained dark with wetness. No sooner had he got a glimpse, her legs closed again.

"There." she said. "Can you wait now?" He could but it was going to be a long fucking ride with her little pussy rainbow at the end of it. Sally just smiled at him. That smile that said "You lucky boy, you are going to get your cock up my cunt."

As soon as the train stopped and the doors opened, they were arm in arm walking swiftly off the platform heading to his apartment. Inside the door, Sally pulled her dress off over her head and slipped her panties off while Gary raced to disrobe. Unhooking her bra, he watched as she made for the bedroom, her ass cheeks moving delightfully with every step. As he followed her, she laid across the bed and drew her legs up with them wide apart, showing him her open hole. He wanted to lick her cunt but his hard rampant cock wanted to fuck her.

Giving in to his cock, he laid between her open legs and fed his hard cock into her. Sally groaned as she felt his hard cock fill her cunt

.

"Yes, that's it, fuck me." she groaned as he started thrusting into her wet aching cunt.

"Fuck me." she cried out as he rammed his cock in and out of her. They were both in the mood to fuck and in just what seemed like seconds they were both cumming, her with her legs jerking and him with his cock in hand spraying her cunt with cum.

"Don't worry." she said. "We have all night."

"What about Roger?" he asked.

"He knows I'm out fucking you." she told him. "He's probably out trying to pick up some slut or a prostitute." she said, pulling him closer. "We have all night." With that, Gary pushed his half hard cock back inside her needy cunt.


Day 7

"Cheers, here's to our latest exhibitionist." Natalie said, raising her glass as all four of them stood around her apartment. They all raised their glasses to Sally who had passed the Natalie school for showing off your cunt class.

:It would have been perfect if my husband hadn't caved." Sally said, laughing.

"Let's go down to the beach." Roger suggested.

"I have a better idea." Gary said, disappearing from the room. Coming back, he handed Roger a paintbrush and some paint. Within an hour, both women had matching bikinis painted on their naked bodies. Stripping off their dresses both women walked hand in hand towards the waterline. No-one at a distance would be able to tell they were naked.

"Good job." Gary said to Roger, admiring their artistry.

"Never mind that." Roger said. "Lets dig them both a hole." he said smiling. Eagerly, Gary helped. After all, who wouldn't want to watch two cunts pissing into the sand.
