The twin suns stared down upon the planet like giant fiery eyes in a stretched blue face. Even though any off worlders would consider the heat unbearable, to the young man, it was actually quite cool, as his side of the planet Tatooine was in the final days its 'winter' cycle and so the temperature was just stupidly hot, not skin blisteringly high. Despite that, he didn't feel the heat, as his simple black clothing both kept the heat out and hid a modified personal temperature control suit he got from a military auction and upgraded himself.
This was the best time of the planets year for moisture farmers to maximise their harvest. It had been a very good year too. And for the young man harvest time had yielded enough water to once more set himself up comfortably for the summer months. He probably wouldn't have to leave his homestead at all when it hit and he could relax. Though to be honest, relaxing was all he ever seemed to do for most of the year.
Jack was a young man of 19, well built, 6'4 tall and ruggedly good looking with a messy mop of dark brown hair on his head. He was one of the best off sentients on the planet. He owned the largest farm this side of the sea of sands, a good portion of which he had built himself with his father.
Jack's father had married and had kids young. His mother, Milla, had given birth to Jack and his younger twin brothers Mars and Derrit when she was still in her twenties. His dad, Solomon, was a moisture farmer and as time went by the two grew very close. Mars and Derrit grew close to each other, as twins tend to do, but they never had the same bond with their father that Jack had and grew closer to their mother.
When the twins were 8 and Jack was 13 the farm hadn't been that big. It gave enough for the five of them to live on, plus a small bit of profit, with their homestead build into the wall of a large cavern on the side of a cliff. The cavern was shaped like a large oval, with the entrance at the top of it leading out to the open air at a right angle.
It offered protection from sandstorms and the few Tusken Raiders who ever came had much difficulty getting inside, especially after his dad installed some old laser cannons from a pair of broken speeder bikes into the cliff face, which could be automated or controlled from the house.
They had 3 moisture vaporators which were outside the cavern and one smaller one inside and pumped the water directly into the cavern tanks via pipes underground. Jack and Solomon, who both had an affinity with machines, had turbocharged them so the were even more efficient than standard and had rigged up some blasters they had got dirt cheap at market to provide the same function to the large towers that the cannons did to the cavern, so every part of their property was well protected.
They used the water to grow crops in their hydroponic garden, which their mother was in charge of, with any extra crops being sold along with excess water for extra income. They lived decently off their little farm but the twins wanted more than just the simple life. The problem was they couldn't afford it with the meagre profits they had from the crops and water they sold.
Their fortunes changed the day after a massive sandstorm ended. While his Dad had gone to check their farm and their neighbours, Jack had taken the twins for a ride in the family speeder. One of the twins favourite routes was "Tri- Way-Die" Plateau, up north.
It was a massive maze of cracks, valleys and canyons that no matter which path you took, if you wanted to get to the other side through the plateau, you were always lead to one convergence point in the heart of the mesa, which could only be accessed by three gorges the fed into one large pit. The "die" part of its name came from the fact that three incredibly massive (for their species) red Krayt Dragons lived there in a cave. Few of the few who entered the pit ever came out alive. Barely any people ever went there.
The speeders anti-grav had been modified so that it could maintain an altitude without have to have ground beneath it, a rare mod Solomon had made both to increase the capabilities of the vehicle and to avoid hostile creatures on the ground. This meant that the speeder could run over the top of the mesa instead of having to enter its maze.
Jack and the twins liked going there to see the Krayts, who usually paid them no mind. They were interested in easy prey, not climbing up the high and rocky walls to chase after something that could easily out run them. Save for the odd glance and occasional roar, the boys were left alone. They never got out of the speeder though or even stopped it and just circled the cliff. They weren't that naive.
On this day however something had changed. Something else was in the heart of the Mesa. As the boys reach the cliffs of the pit, the saw something amazing. The dragons were all dead and with their bodies were 7 damaged sand crawlers, the mobile homes used by Jawa traders to collect, sort, melt, repair and sell all kinds of junk and machinery to the farmers and other inhabitants of Tatooine. They could see a few dead Jawas half buried in sand on the ground.
Jack and the twins descended to look closer. Jack soon pieced together what had happened. Two convoys of Jawas had decided to use "Tri-Way-Die" as a means of avoiding the worst of the massive sandstorm and as a shortcut to the closest settlements. They probably thought the Krayts wouldn't go out into the storm as it was just as deadly to them as it was to other species. However the storm was so severe the Krayts cave hadn't protected them well enough and had begun to fill with sand.
The Krayts had been forced to leave the cave to search for other shelter but had run into the convoys, who panicked and tried to kill the Krayts with their cannons. The Krayts fought back and damaged the sand crawlers enough that the life support systems failed and the Jawas perished. But the Jawas had managed to wound the Krayts underbellies and the sandstorm had finished them.
Jack called Solomon, who realised what an opportunity it was and hurried to them on their spare speeder bike. Jack and Solomon managed to get enough droids and machines online to operate the sand crawlers and load the Krayt dragons bodies onto the transports. It was well know that in their gizzards, Krayt Dragons developed pearls, which were worth fortunes each. They burned the Jawas bodies and set off for home. Their cavern was big enough to fit all the sand crawlers inside out of prying eyes. They didn't want anyone to know of the discovery just yet.
The twins were sent to bed and Jack and Solomon spent most of the night dissecting the Krayts. Their efforts were rewarded with more than 30 rather large pearls, which would fetch a good fortune. The twins wanted to use the money to move off world, but Solomon, who had a smarter head on his shoulders, argued that he had no understanding of the other worlds of the galaxy and that they could put it to better use on Tatooine, where he was well known and well experienced of its culture. However Solomon agreed to use part of it to send the twins to a good school off world, as he understood that while his place was on the desert planet, the twins didn't feel the same way.
Solomon and Milla managed to buy a trip to an off world market where he sold all but one (which Solomon left at home as insurance and a memoir) of the pearls to a merchant who offered him a bigger fortune then they expected. But Solomon was smart and haggled even more out of the merchant, who was enthralled by the size and quality of the pearls, which were rare enough as it was.
Solomon and Milla also researched galactic schools and finally decided to send the twins to one in the mid-rim the wasn't too far away but was also considered an excellent school. Jack declined his fathers offer to go with them as he had friends on the planet and wasn't interested in higher education, preferring to stay with his father, who he couldn't bear leaving and his mother who was somewhat upset at seeing the twins go.
After sending the twins off, Jack and Solomon turned their attention to the sand crawlers. The used the reactivated droids to help them sort through the stock they had been carrying and found they had been fully stocked before that attack, as they had been ready for a big selling season. The were huge piles of scrap and spare parts, some starship and speeder components, a lot of old tools and weapons, lots of machines and plenty of droids, most of which were functional.
They varied from protocol droids and astromech droids, to battle droids and utility droids. Father and son spent weeks repairing and reprogramming the droids to assist them repair and sort the valuable merchandise, as well as defending their property and helping Milla with housework and farming. After a month they finally had a full inventory of what they had salvaged. As they had no immediate need for extra money, the pair set about using the materials to improve their farm.
Over the course of two months they used the droids to dismantle all but two of the sand crawlers for extra parts, then set about retrofitting the vehicles into a new workshop house extension. Removing the tracks and reshaping them to fit the wall of the cavern they created a fully functional workshop and storage area. Then they used the sand crawlers facilities to create the machines they wanted. Starting with repairing the non-functional droids, the moved onto fabricating their own vaporators, which they made with great thought and care.
Designed to be more efficient than anything on the market, the managed to build 15 of them and set them up with better defence systems then their older counterparts, which were upgraded to the same standards as the newer ones and Solomon had the droids set up the power chamber from one of the crawlers to power them.
With their new sources of water set up the then focused on the hydroponic farms and the homestead. They used the raw materials and machine parts to quintuple the size of their farm and decided to buy a large heard of banthas for milk, wool and meat.
Jack created a machine to spin the wool into a different kinds cloth and the Krayt dragon hide proved to be an excellent material, when combined with bantha cloth, to make furniture and clothes out of. Milla became quite proficient at turning the banthas blue milk into butter, cheese and, Jack's personal favourite, ice-cream. Solomon also repaired and improved all the household appliances, including the refresher and the climate control.
While Solomon set about repairing the vehicles and fabricating a starship out of the parts he had salvaged and bought, Jack repaired the weapons and armour they had found, customising his own armoury. By the time the twins came back after their first year ended, the farm had completely transformed. They couldn't believe all the improvements they had made and liked best of all the new speeders and spent the holidays racing with their brother, who was eager to show of his new shooting skills.
So life went on. The twins excelled in their studies and made plenty of friends, but still looked forward to seeing their family, even if it wasn't long until the were gagging to leave again. Jack became more and more competent as an engineer thanks to years of practise and a capable marksman and warrior, training with the assassin droids he had retrofitted into training droids. His father and mother grew older and eventually when Jack was 18 his father decided to move to a more hospitable climate, buying a property on Naboo one of the twin's friends was selling, and leaving the old farm to Jack.
Though Jack did consider selling the farm and leaving, the connections and influence he had on Tatooine were too good to give up. Though he did begin to travel off world more frequently on his own star ship, he still kept close to his roots. The family fortune had not diminished and with the new income from the more prosperous farm on Naboo, the family was quite well off. Without the pressure of finance to keep him occupied, Jack soon began to grow bored.
He kept the farm production up but only out of routine and boredom. It now had over 30 vaporators which had all been further upgraded over the years and the farm had expanded too. The bantha herd had doubled in size and he was becoming quite the expert in breeding and raising the animals. All the droids had been repaired, either with new parts or by cannibalising any that couldn't be fixed. He kept all of them, as his farm needed plenty of droids and he used most of the machine parts and raw metal to build or upgrade a variety of machines that improved efficiency and comfort for him.
Yet he was still dissatisfied with how he was living his life. He tried reading, purchasing a variety of data files and physical books. Given how little he actually had to do for the farm, other than check it was working ok every so often, he had plenty of time and soon became very well versed on a variety of subjects. But he soon grew bored with that.
He kept training with the droids, upgrading them with better programs and training drills but eventually he ran out of drills to run and grew bored going over his old ones. He tried games, writing, cooking and even painting but the games got too repetitive, he had no inspiration for his pen, there was only so much he could eat and had the artistic spirit of a womp rat.
He visited his dad and his brothers who were very happy with their new lives but Jack knew that the change they had needed wasn't really for him. He soon realised what was going on. When puberty had hit he had been so busy with the farm the he hadn't had time to take an interest in a girlfriend but now that the farm was practically self governing and he had mastered any skills he found interest in, he found that his thoughts continually swayed to the topic of women and sex.
Most marriages or partnerships on Tatooine were out of financial necessity but since Jack didn't need such benefits, he could seek out an attractive partner who he could have a proper relationship with. The problem was that attractive girls on Tatooine were few and far between and the few that did exist were either enslaved, already arranged to be married or con artists trying to swindle him out of his money.
But like his father, Jack wasn't stupid and avoided these whores like womp rats avoided blaster fire. The occasional one night was usually enough for Jack, who usually disguised himself. He always discreetly checked them for diseases using a custom built device of his own design and he always managed to get away easily afterwards. He never did any penetration though. He was saving that.
However this morning he was once again pondering the problem. Sure the one night stands managed to relive his basic urges but he still hadn't thought all that much of the sex. The girls he had been with went for quick results, not pleasure and though he did cum, he never really enjoyed it. 'A proper partner' he reasoned 'would be much better in bed and more frequent'.
And the feeling of companionship that the twins had with each other and his dad had with his mother was something he sought to understand too. Despite the bond he had with his Dad, he had never really had that sort of natural connection with anyone before. He and his dad had never really been on equal status until he turned 18 and by then Solomon had left for Naboo. He supposed that had something to do with it. But the problem persisted as Tatooine's culture was against him on this matter.
He shook his head and pushed it out of his mind. He had his only full day of work to do for a while, the first respite form boredom he'd had in a while. He checked the vaporators with his droids, then had them load his hover truck with water, crops, milk, wool and a few other things to give to the Hutts, the local crime syndicate. Jack had enjoyed a good relationship with the slug creatures, as his donations of good water, high grade crops and the occasional machine or droid had kept the Hutts very happy with him. They kept themselves and other hostiles out of his business unless he asked them for a favour, which they usually could oblige him.
He delivered the supplies to the Hutts palace and agreed to have an audience with their leader, who requested that he repair a broken sound player, which had been damaged in a brawl that morning. Jack agreed and quickly sorted the problem. This wasn't the first time he had been asked to fix something and he had developed quite a rapport with the Hutts thanks to his mechanical skills. The Hutt was overjoyed that his festivities could continue so quickly and invited Jack to have a drink on the house.
'Sorry, but I'm afraid I'm bringing the rest of my harvest in today, so as generous as your offer is, I must be on my way.' replied Jack.
'I understand. Perhaps I will find another way to repay you later?' chuckled the Hutt, as his first dancer walked out onto the floor. She was a purple Twi'lek slave, one of his most recent acquisitions. Full bodied and graceful, her barley contained, massive bust and wide hipped, round ass seemed to hypnotise the crowd, as she twirled around in an intricate, exotic, sultry dance routine.
The Hutt was enjoying the show, until he noticed that Jack had not yet left his presence. His eyes followed the dancer with keen interest, but they were full of thought, not lust, the only giveaway in the otherwise stone-faced young man.
'See something you like?' grinned the Hutt.
Jack grinned back. 'I'm not interested in depriving you of one of your rather attractive slaves, my friend, especially since we both know there are better ones available than her.'
'True.' smiled the Hutt. Though the dancer was certainly one of the more attractive beings in the room, she was by no means the most attractive the Hutt had ever seen. Then a thought struck him.
'I think I know what you need.' said the Hutt.
Jack frowned. 'I just said I'm not interested in taking one of your slaves Lord Hutt.'
The Hutt smiled. 'I heard you and I am not suggesting it. Here.'
He spoke to one of his other servants, who ran out of the room and returned with a data chip, which was handed to Jack.
Jack turned it over, confused. 'What is it?'
'A ticket to a top quality slave auction.' replied the Hutt. 'The company that is holding it invites me to send one of my servants to each of their auctions. Sometimes its working slaves, sometimes its a trading event. Tonight their merchandise is female pleasure slaves, something they specialise in. Apparently they have some kind of ultra quality item on sale there tonight. I want to send you as my representative, to purchase a few high quality items for me and perhaps you can get something for yourself too.'
Jack was surprised. The thought of buying a slave had always been something he thought lowlifes or wealthier farmers did in lieu of a droid or hired help. But now he found himself in the position of potentially owning one, he realised what an opportunity it could be to help stave off his problem. However he was still conflicted on the subject of owning another life form.  
'As great as this offer is, my lord, I can't just make such a rash decision right away. When is this action?'
'Two hours after suns set tonight.' replied the Hutt, impressed with Jacks integrity.
'Then give me until an hour before suns set to make my decision.'
'Agreed. I hope you come to the right decision for yourself, as well as me.' said the Hutt.
He had two Twi'lek women, perhaps a little bit younger than Jack, clad in tiny bikini costumes escort him to his speeder, one red, one yellow, both tall, very busty, wonderfully curvy and with special instructions to do whatever Jack said. The reason for this was obvious but Jack decided to go along with it to answer some questions he had. As they arrived at his speeder, Jack looked around. He had parked his speeder near a large rock the would conceal them from prying eyes.
He lead the two sexy slaves behind the rock. The only way somebody could see the was if the walked around his speeder, which the security team had informed everyone to keep away from.

