True Tales of Kim
by ToddCheese

Anyway, Kim (that's her name) has had a number of real-life ENF situations happen to her, which seems to be the source of her being turned on by the subject. She's agreed to let me share them with you here.

I have a few pictures of her as well, but she's reluctant to have them posted because awhile back she posted a topless pic of herself on a "rate my tits" type of site. Well, someone she went to high school with found them, and a bunch of the people she knew ended up passing them around. I do have one that shows, erm, parts of her other than her face, but she's wearing a somewhat distinctive ring and I wouldn't want anyone in her real life to recognize it. 

But okay, from here on, these are Kim's words, starting with her comments on the "rate my tits" photos being discovered and shared:

"it was a bunch of people.. some i didnt get along with and some were guys i went to school with but didnt really know as friends. One of them even sent me an email with a pic attached of one of my topless pics printed out with his cock on it and cum on my face. To be honest I think pretty much everyone i went to school with has seen them! i admit part of me is turned on by it but omg i could never show my face at a reunion or something you know?? I was even told that pics were anonymously sent to old teachers we had!"

"the thing about embarrassing fantasies is they are great in my head but the reality of them is a bit different... like one time when i was 14 i was on holiday with my parents and i went to this beach.. i wore a bikini and wandered around for a while by myself, went swimming and got really sandy. there was this line of shower booths on the beach with slightly rusty metal walls... there were two lines of them, one for males and one for females. there were only three walls on each booth with one open side that you went in from which faced a long brick wall to hide the entrance"

"i went inside, took off my bikini and started showering the sand off my body, stayed in there for a few minutes and only after i turned the shower off did i notice three heads peering over the wall! These 3 boys had been watching me the whole time and i felt my face go red! They starting giggling when they saw me notice them... i quickly put my bikini on and left.. felt really embarrassed but also very turned on (i even masturbated thinking about it for the next few nights  that experience was ok because i would never see those boys again, they didnt know who i was, it was a different country and there was no way it would ever effect me again... but the thing with the pics actually made me lose some friends... i got texts from girls i thought were friends calling me a sl*t and a b*tch and stuff... one even threatened to send the pics to a place i was working at as a waitress at the time but fortunately she didnt. I guess they were jealous or something."

(ToddCheese again. I asked her for details on some other stories she'd mentioned in passing.)

"haha ok well... there have been a few, some of them are just little incidents without much of a story, like going out in this new dress i got and walking over some sort of vent in the sidewalk and having it blow up around my head (and i had no panties on!) Or being at this swim park wearing a bikini, going down a waterslide and my top coming off! I had to scramble to grab it as i was sliding down the tube, came out the end topless and quickly put the top on again under the water!"

"ok the other story i have is super embarrassing... its actually embarrassing just to tell it coz of what i have to say i was doing but okkkk here goes..."

"When I was 15 on was on my school basketball team and we traveled to this big competition with other schools. There were lots of teams for different sports and we all stayed in this block of these cabin type things. They were all connected and had about 4 people staying in each room. Anyway I got the short straw and had to stay by myself in this single room at the end of the block because all the other beds had been taken. My room wasn't as nice as the others, it was pretty small, just a bed + bathroom and a few cabinets and also a big window. None of us were allowed out after 8pm, we weren't even allowed to go in each others rooms. I could hear my friends having fun in the cabin next door and I felt really pissed off and bored... there wasn't even a tv in the room and i had nothing to do..."

"So... I'm sitting around feeling bored and thinking of something to do... and ok here's the bit where i have to confess to doing something embarrassing to admit to... There was a big mirror on the wall... so i got up and um... started pretending i was a model in the mirror... i walked around doing all kinds of poses and checking myself out, and started taking my clothes off... I then spent probably around 20 mins posing nude in front of the mirror, doing like glamor girl poses... bending over, cupping my boobs, spreading my legs... spreading my pussy! All kinds of stuff... ok well all the time doing this i was standing in the middle of the room... I didn't have any curtains drawn on the window and didn't really think about it because it was just totally dark outside. There was nothing but dark out there and suddenly, as im in the middle of posing, there was a bright flash in the dark outside! I was very shocked and quickly pulled the curtains... I felt panicked because i just wasnt sure what it was but the only thing i could think of was a camera.... But there was nothing out there.. anyway I went to sleep and when I woke up I looked out the window and OMG there was something out there that I just had not seen." 

"When I went into the room to begin with it was already night and I couldn't see anything out there. My room was on the end of the building and I never thought there was anything outside of the window other than the back of a field... But when I looked out in the light I saw that the building we were in was like a horseshoe shape and my room was visible to about 6 other rooms on the other side! I went into the contest the next day with this constant paranoia in the back of my head that anyone around me could have seen what I was doing. Nobody ever told me they saw me, but I thought i noticed a few smirks on some of the faces I saw over the next 2 days (or maybe i was just being paranoid!), and during the awards ceremony that happened at the end of the weekend 2 boys whistled at me as I went to my seat... but maybe they just thought i was pretty! In a way not knowing was worse and more embarrassing than knowing because it meant almost anyone could have seen! And then of course there was the FLASH! Maybe someone had a picture of me posing like a playboy model in the middle of my room!"

"So there you go, I'm kind of embarrassed even telling you that. I hope you're happy! lol"

And, ToddCheese again. If you like Kim's stories, please leave either a follow-up post or a thank you, so she can see how many people have read about her embarrassment. If everybody is encouraging, maybe we can get her to join the site. And perhaps even share some non-identifiable pictures of herself. (Trust me, she's HAWT.) And yes, I realize since I have the pictures I could post them anytime I wanted, but I'm trying to be considerate of her since we really did have fun writing the story together. Respect for a fellow ENF author, I guess.


