Every time that Sam convinces himself that the Darklings are a manifestation of some inner psychosis they happily prove him wrong.

They are sprawled over the carpet as Jess reads to them. It would be easy to mistake them for children with the way that they are dressed, even Marilyn is wearing a light sundress instead of his usual lycra number. Sam is reading the Lord of the Rings and he's stuck on this one odd section that keeps popping up all around him.

Asked to describe Hell the Darklings look abashed and scratch their bald heads under their baseball caps before reciting by rote, "Three rings for elven kings under the sky, seven for the dwarf lords in their halls of stone, nine for mortal men, doomed to die, and one for the Dark Lord upon his dark throne."

A few days earlier Dean, drunk off his face, sprawled in a chair with a bottle of Jose dangling from his hand looks at him and says , "Hell's fucked up, man. Everything you need to know in one stupid fucking kid's rhyme, 'three rings for elven kings under the sky, seven for the dwarf lords in their halls of stone, nine for mortal men, doomed to die, and one for the Dark Lord upon his dark throne.'"

Sam recognises the line even if Dean doesn't, and there is a second verse to it. It is the rhyme about the one ring in the Lord of the Rings. So, he's reading the book, finding it just as boring and wordy as he did when he was twelve, trying to find out why that rhyme is the one that they all use to describe Hell.

He supposes he could ask Dean but he's really not in the mood for the blubbering.

Dean wears a ring on his thumb, engraved with Hebrew symbols but no one remembers what they are or where it's from. Then Sam has this image of Lucifer as a great tower with a burning eye and he chuckles into his hand. That image is quickly followed by the image of Gollum sitting at a laptop going through the collection of "One rings" on e-bay.

His laugh is a little hysterical, so he bookmarks the page with a piece of toilet roll and throws the book behind him on the bed, before sprawling out. He has his feet on the floor and nothing makes sense.

Jessica looks up from the book she is reading them, "Is everything alright, baby?"

"Just fucking dandy," he answers and wonders where Dean is, and how to make sense of all this, and whether or not the apocalypse hangs on him rereading a book he didn't like the first time around.

There is a stain on the motel ceiling that looks suspiciously like a spider and he's only just noticed it. It could be a spider, he thinks, and wonders if the Darklings might forgo story hour long enough to investigate. Then he laughs again.

"Boss," Marilyn asks, getting up. His sun dress, Sam thinks, is really quite pretty. "Are you okay?"

"Fan-fucking-tastic." Sam's answer is only slightly sarcastic, and wondering how bad it is that his army of goblins, and the most bizarre of them who is currently wearing a bubblegum pink wig and a sundress, is asking after him.

"Want us to, you know, kill something for you?" Nigel, who is for reasons best left undiscovered is dressed like a bumblebee with hobnail boots on, asks.

"Is it too late to kill Tolkien?" Sam asks thinking of the book he's not even close to a quarter through reading.

That causes some discussion.

"Boss," Perry says, picking at the open cavity where his nose was, "Papa Tolkien is dead, but he left behind sons, would one of those do?" And Sam just laughs again, high pitched and wary, because even that doesn't help.

Seeing his reaction they start whispering again. Before Jeremy, dressed in a school uniform of all things, with shorts, answers, "we can take down Viggo Mortensen but Marilyn and Daisy Ray want Orlando Bloom so we're cool to kidnap him." And Sam just laughs again and this time he can't stop, even though he knows one of them is making cuckoo noises, and then that turns into Nigel doing his Jack Nicholson impression and Sam just laughs harder.

"I think we broke him," Daisy Ray comments climbing up to the bed to she sit beside Sam as he writhes in laughter. She sounds genuinely disturbed.

"No, baby," Jessica tells her as she picks her up, "he's not broken yet." Then she bends down and kisses Sam wetly on the ear. "We're just going to go out and get something to eat, back later, kay." And Sam can't stop laughing though he's pretty sure it's about to well over into tears, but Jessica, Daisy Ray and the Darklings are gone, leaving their book lying open, face down on the floor.

He slips into sleep before he thinks about it, the laughter exhausts him.

It's a different dream than the one he had of the small town.

It is a penthouse, white and classical in styling, but with a subtle twist that suggests that everything is wrong. The couches are upholstered in vinyl and not satins. The carpet is clearly fur, though of an animal so vast it probably never really existed.

Sam stands before a raised bed in which a woman lies. He wears only a pair of blood red leather pants, when normally in these dreams he is wearing what he fell asleep in, or his self-actualisation is enough that he is dressed normally.

He is barefoot but wearing a toe ring.

The woman rises from the bed as if emerging from the sea foam of her sheets.

Years of living with Dean means that Sam can appreciate beauty even if he finds it unattractive. This woman is almost repulsively' beautiful. Her hair is a spill of Pre-Raphaelite red curls, her mouth obscenely full, but as the sheet falls free she reveals a dress bound tightly about a lush nakedness . It makes her beauty austere and uninviting, but also richer. She has wide hips and heavy thighs, tall and statuesque with her tightly bound almost e rubber bodice and loosely knit white yarn dress. The rubber is tied around her neck in a halter but her arms are bare until the elbow where she wears many shining chingling bracelets.

Like Sam her feet are bare.

He can see her sex through the gown, and through the rubber of the bodice her erect nipples. "So," she has a voice like money, "you're the Boy King."

She moves close to him and her eyes are black and oily, but not like the normal eyes of demons. She smells like an angel, but no angel would dress like this. No angel would live in this place devoted to sex. Now that he looks around he sees that the flat top of the coffee table is supported by two women in leather, held together by chains and a two way dildo.

There is an Asian woman flopped in a chair in an antique kimono draped open, and her face is painted like a Pierrot with a green tear on her right cheek. The way she lolls, she is either dead or unconscious. Sam suspects that she is a second vessel in case she wears out the one she is wearing.

"You have me at an advantage," Sam drawls sitting down on one of the chairs, "I have no idea who you are."

She laughs, a thick dirty sound that clings to his skin and licks along his balls. "I am Belial of the Seven." She tells him as if it answers anything at all. "I was wondering if we were allies or enemies and then you come to my place uninvited."

"You summoned me."

Throwing her red curls back over her shoulder, she laughs again but her eyes are steel grey and hard as stone. There is no amusement.

"I could no more summon you than you me." She sits down beside him. She stinks of sex and fresh sweat. "Not equals perhaps, but not too different." She leans back, her breasts pushing against the rubber with every breath. "But you don't know who or what you are, do you, Sam-I-am?"

"I'm more interested in you." He knows his powers are strange things, dependant on Azazel's blood and Jessica's whimsy.

"I told you," She running black nails along the length of his chest in a proprietary motion, "I am Belial of the Seven. That is all that you will ever need to know. I am the Sybarite, the embodiment of pleasure and pain. I am the tempter of women that they might make wantons of their children and profane the High Mass."

"You're a demon."

"No more than you." Her answer comes with a lusty smile, white teeth and bee stung lips. "I am. I wondered if you would call, and if my shielding would hold you back."

"What are you?"

"What are you?" she counters with a smile leaning back to present her heavy breasts to better advantage. He doesn't have an answer for her. The strange man in the foggy town who spoke in riddles made more sense than this.

"I am Sam Winchester." He answers quickly, stiffly.

"You are the Boy King." She corrects. "You will destroy Lilith before she finishes her plan."

"I will have her head." Sam grates the words out, ignoring her hand as it fondles his knee.

"Maybe," she smiles. "Are you sure you don't want to," she gestures to the bed, "I seem to have broken the last one," he knows that there are several corpses, both male and female, in the bed, literally fucked to death. "I find it's a great way to seal a deal."

"Are we dealing with each other?"

"Truce," she admits, "your plans don't interfere with mine, and mine not with yours, so we'll just leave each other be, well apart from the occasional fuck, because well, this vessel is just delicious." She strings the words out of her lush mouth, making sure to punctuate it with licking her lips, her desire forcing its way out of her mouth.

"I don't think so."

"Your brother was not so delicate." She says standing up. Her back is entirely bare apart from a ribbon strung through rings piercing her skin. It drapes entirely to bare the cleft of her ass, but her dress is soft white lace wool and leaves nothing to the imagination.

"I never did want Dean's sloppy seconds." Sam snarls the words out.

Belial replies with a grin. "You make it sound like he was in control. He was mine, and through me, Alistair's. He was released at my whim, will you not thank me for that?"

"Jessica!" Sam barks out the word and she appears, coming in a liquid form from under the gold leafed chair that he's sat on, curling around Sam in a dress that is boned and delicate black lace.

"You called," She purrs, rubbing her ass against Sam's crotch.

"Take me back." And with the demon, Belial, watching Jessica kisses him, pushing her tongue down his throat, and he wakes up coiled around her, with Nigel using Sam's own cell phone to take photos of Jessica, half undressed, bare breasts, like a fashion photographer. And just like that, everything is back to what passes for normal in Sam's world.

When Sam tells his brother about the dream of the woman at breakfast the next morning, a thing he's not sure at first he should have done, at first Dean rages and then he stops, smiles to himself and starts to laugh. "You know what," he says, "I know how Bilquis felt now."

"She said she knew you." Sam continues, forking up his omelet in the diner.

"She did." Dean said, "but she's bad news, Sammy, bad-bad-bad news. I didn't think she left the basement." Sam had inferred that she was bad news entirely on his own so nothing Dean says can change that.

"What is she?" But Sam presses the point, he's not interested in the omelet in front of him despite that it is very good. It's perfectly seasoned, and moist. He just doesn't want it anymore.

"She is a Prince of Hell." Dean answers, he has a sausage suspended on his fork, which he bites into, continuing to talk as he chews. "She's one of the baddest fuckers in the Pit, if not the worst."

"And Reigert?"

Dean chokes on his sausage. He takes loud mouthfuls of his coffee to try and dislodge the meat. He catches his breath, "What did you do? Hold a fucking mixer for the Kings of Hell? is there anyone else we could do with hiding you from? Perhaps Ruby is the Satrap of Primordium or one of the other countries in Hell."

The waitress had looked over when Dean started choking but when she sees that they're okay she goes back to her seat at the counter and Sam's glad because it's not a conversation he wants to have her listening in on.

"They keep coming to me."

Dean rolls his eyes, but somehow Sam suspects it's not for his benefit. Then he launches into a tirade about curious fucking angels that can't leave well enough fucking alone and other choice phrases mostly made up of short Anglo Saxon verbs. The word that stands out most to Sam is not the one he expects, Angels.

"They're angels?" That surprises him.

"Sort of," Dean admits, broken out of his tirade, "they used to be, they've been downstairs a long time, Sammy. God alone knows what they are now, but they were angels. Some of the very best Cas said, the ones that fell originally and took control of Hell in Lucifer's absence. They're not just demons, not just angels, they're fucking Satans."

"But Lucifer is Satan." Sam finds the words slip out of him because he's not used to Dean explaining things, it's been a long time since he has.

"No, Lucifer is the big bad, the original Fallen. They're his Generals, his Princes, the original Dirty Dozen." Even Dean's lost his appetite, he's shifting his eggs around on the plate. "Bobby said Satan meant Defier, those who defy, it's a title, not a name. Cas said that there were seven of them: Abaddon, Asmodeus, Belial, Balberith, Orias, Astaroth and Moloch. Then there are the lesser Satans, and there is about thirty or so of them, then the Dukes who control their own lands."

Everything Dean is telling him rings false, because Sam knows Hell. Hell is that lonely little foggy town. He has a momentary image of the small town's post office server being a red-scaled leathery demon but he doesn't want to laugh, not here.

"Where did you learn all this?" It's an obvious question.

"I spent thirty years being disemboweled Sammy, gives you plenty of time to listen to office gossip." And with that he finishes his coffee and prepares to leave.

"Which one is Reigert, I mean, which name?"

Dean looks at him with something that might be pity, and might be scorn. "Fucked if I know. Tell you what, next time I see him, I'll ask, right before I skewer him."

"You can't." Sam tells him "Only an angel can kill another angel."

Dean's grin is vicious, scythe sharp, "That's something to put to the test, aint it?" it's a challenge then throwing money on the table for the waitress, including what appears to be a very healthy tip, he goes back to the car.