Sarah and the Gypsie's Curse
by Cream_Caramel

SARAH AND THE GYPSIE'S CURSE CH. 05

Sarah tries to take advantage of her gym membership.

Constantly being on the receiving end of a curse that forces you to expose yourself to a large number of people has a way of shifting your priorities, especially one where the only real consequence is your own state of mind.

Back when life was normal for me, I'd go to the gym maybe a few days in January, you know how it is, new year's eve hits, you make that silly resolution that you'll work out more, you even buy the yearly membership, but you never last till February.

Well, this year was no different... Well, not from the resolution aspect, it's really not that interesting a story, but when the clock struck twelve, Gary pulled my top off and flashed the rest of the party, and from there people started chanting for me to "take it off!", and being fairly inebriated that night, I obliged, I don't remember much after getting completely naked and chugging down a beer, but I vaguely recall standing on a table and masturbating...

But I digress!

The point is, I made the resolution to work out more, and I had noticed that I was getting flabbier, coupled with the fact that I was showing my body off more and more, it only made sense to use what I was already paying for to reduce my humiliation, even by such a marginal degree.

Which is how I found myself in the gym's locker/changing room, getting ready to take a little sit in the sauna room before I began my workout, all except for one problem; I had forgotten my swimsuit that I usually wear to the sauna, my brain responded by firing off a synapse and letting me know that I had taken my swimsuit out to wash and probably forgot to put it back into my bag.

I panicked at first, I didn't want to wear my workout clothes into the sauna, that would become extremely uncomfortable sitting in there, not to mention it might leave me in danger of overheating, wondering what to do, I saw no other solution but to go in there with just my towel and my flip flops on, clutching the key to the locker I was using.

The sauna was empty when I walked in, there was a bucket of water for use with the heater stones that I used to get some steam going, I sat down and allowed myself to relax, soaking in the heat and the steam.

I felt a rush of cool air as the door opened and two more people came in, a man and a woman in their early twenties, they were so attractive I coudn't help but stare, the man was fairly chiseled, with toned abs and broad shoulders, while the woman was fairly well toned, her breasts were not as big as mine, but she was still well endowed, obviously they were wearing swimsuits, and I must have stared a bit too long because the woman greeted me with a knowing look on her face:

"Hi there!" She said,

"H-hi." catching myself, I managed to stutter out a response, I felt shame rise up, thankfully the heat from the sauna was doing a more than good enough job turning me red already.

I sat there with my eyes glued to the floor as I didn't dare look at the two, and remained there for what was probably a few minutes, I could hear the two whispering something to each other, but I didn't raise my eyesight to see if they were looking at me at the same time.

After talking for a bit, the two stopped and I could hear the soft padding of flip-flips coming towards me, I looked up to see the woman approaching me and sitting down next to me, we were practically shoulder to shoulder as she stared into my eyes, I began to feel a little nervous when she shifted her eyesight downward, peeking into my towel.

"Hi again!" She said with a palpable shift in her tone.

"Hi..." I clutched the towel to my chest.

"My name is Kelsey, that's my brother Henry, what's your name?" she asked, her eyes glancing down, maybe at my chest? Or Hand? I wasn't sure.

"Sarah..." My mind immediately went to the curse, and just as it did, Kelsey's hand reached up and tugged at the towel, not enough to undo it and expose me, but enough to make my heart drop for a second.

"Sarah, what are you wearing under there?" Kelsy asked, pretending to look inside the towel, though I suspected that she already knew.

"A b-bikini..." I lied, Kelsey clearly did not buy it.

"If you're wearing a bikini, then why the towel?" she asked the obvious question.

"Because I'm shy?" I tried to keep up the bluff for as long as possible, even though I knew my fate was sealed.

"If you're wearing a bikini, where're the straps?" Kelsey kept hammering me with uncomfortable questions, not because they're personal, but because they're specifically aimed at exposing me, literally and metaphorically.

"It's strapless..." I knew I was caught.

"You know what, I think you're not telling me the truth," Kelsey was now so close to my ear I could feel her breath, the hand tugging at my towel was getting stronger, still not enough to pull it off, but I was now also clutching at my towel "I bet you're naked under there, how about it Sarah? If I'm right when I take your towel now, I get to keep it, if I'm wrong, I give you my bikini?"

I gulped and said nothing.

"Three..." Kelsey counted down, what the hell was wrong with me? My nipples were standing up and aching so badly.

"Two..." I could feel my pussy practically leaking.

"One..." just as she whispered, I lifted my butt off the seat and let go of the towel just as it was whipped off my body, rendering me naked.

This was probably the fastest I've ever been stripped, and I even let it Happen!

"I knew it, you little slut!" Kelsey laughed as her hand reached up and squeezed my exposed breast, I couldn't control myself as I moaned in response.

"Ooh, these are really nice, Henry, come feel them!" Kelsey called over the man who was sitting there watching us, or rather, watching me get stripped naked and now groped, he chuckled and got up to sit on the opposite side of me.

I was now being assaulted by two sets of hands, and I was moaning without restraint as I felt my hand get grabbed and directed it to my soaking wet pussy, I didn't resist, and my hand began to move on its own as I inserted a finger inside myself.

I was sensing myself approach orgasm as I pumped my finger in and out of my pussy, I redoubled my efforts and inserted another one in as my masturbation intensified, that's when I felt the two begin to suck at my nipples and that pushed me over the edge, I screamed out as I spasmed and squirted my juices all over the sauna's wooden finish floor, I don't really know what happened next as I drifted out of consciousness.

The problem was that when I came to, neither my towel nor my locker key were where I had left them, meaning Kelsey and her brother had taken them, leaving me naked and with nothing to cover with!

I rushed out, thankfully the locker rooms were right next to the sauna, and nobody noticed me darting in and out of the place.

It wasn't that unusual to find a naked woman in the ladies' locker room, so I relaxed a bit, but I was still tense as I had to make sure that my stuff was there.

The locker itself was still locked, so I had a bit of hope that I was on time, I found an attendant at the towel station and told them that I had lost my key, they looked at me suspiciously, but didn't voice any concerns, they followed me to the locker and opened it in front of me, asking me first what would be in there.

Unfortunately, I didn't guess correctly, not that there was something else in there, in fact, there was nothing at all!

"My clothes! Where are they!?" I was panicking, in contrast to the now annoyed attendant "what am I supposed to do!?"

"Well, you can report this to our administrative office, but we don't have security cameras in the locker rooms themselves." Clearly wanting to just leave, the attendant gave a dismissive reply.

"Can you at least give me a towel?" I pleaded for any sort of cover, hoping to preserve whatever modesty I could manage.

"Sorry, but not only did we already give you one, you're not allowed to remove our towels from the general locker room area." The attendant shrugged their shoulders before she asked to leave.

I watched in dismay as the attendant abandoned me, but I wasn't alone for long, for only a few seconds after that I felt a sharp pain on my butt, someone had smacked my naked ass.

I yelped and turned around, it was Kelsey, she was no longer dressed in a swimsuit, but had switched to regular workout attire, a pair of spanks and a t-shirt, which made me even more self conscious about my nudity.

"Hi again, Sarah, was it?" Kelsey smirked, she didn't mention it, but I instantly knew that she had a hand in the disappearance of all my things.

"Did you take my key?" I asked, and Kelsey's grin grew wider.

"Sure did, and if you want them back, you'll play a little game with me and Henry." Kelsey flashed my keys from behind her back, my eyes widened at first, but the more I thought about it, the more I realized that it was pointless to get them back right about now, my locker was empty after all.

"What kind of game?" I asked, swallowing the lump in my throat, the curse was in full force now, I realized.

"Oh, nothing too complicated," Kelsey spun the key ring around her finger "you need to win a little challenge, if you do, we give you your clothes back and you're free to go."

"... And if I lose?" I asked about the other show still to drop.

"You do a little forfeit, and we think of a new challenge for you." Meaning that they could keep me naked and performing any number of humiliating acts for as long as they pleased.

What was wrong with me? As soon as the thought crossed my mind, I could feel my nipples harden and my nether regions tingle, was it really the curse? Or was I slowly being conditioned to enjoy this sort of degrading treatment?

"Ok, I'll do it." I resigned to my humiliating fate.

"Okay then, let's go." Kelsey stepped aside and motioned for me to lead the way.

Oh... That's when it hit me, I was going to have to step out into the gym completely naked, the entirety of my humiliation will be in plain sight of all the gym goers, watching me degrade myself and, should I be unfortunate, perform several unthinkable actions as forfeits in front of them.

I took one step forward and felt as if I was on the verge of another orgasm, but I managed to keep it under control as we stepped out into the hallway outside of the locker rooms.

There was Henry, waiting to see if I would swallow their bait and expose myself out in the open.

"Oh hey, the pervert actually came out into the open!" Henry's blunt remake sent me reeling, my face flushed beet red as he continued "I definitely thought she'd refuse and beg for her clothes back, guess you won the bet, you get to challenge her first."

There was a bet? I turned to Kelsey, grinning ear to ear as she explained:

"I bet I could get you out of there naked and agreeing to our little challenge, if you'd refused I might have considered giving your clothes back to you for just a little orgasm on video."

I was feeling light-headed, I was coerced into accepting a humiliating deal that was completely avoidable.

"And before you think about it, no, you can't take it back anymore, since we know you're up to it." I don't think I could've blushed any harder, I'd been exposed and humiliated time and time again before, but this time it almost felt like I was part of the reason itself, as if the curse was no longer content with stripping me using outside forces, it wanted me to willingly jump into the humiliation myself.

I was first taken to a large gym room where people had their yoga classes, there wasn't a class there at the moment, but there were quite a few people working out and doing their calisthenics and warm ups.

For the first few seconds, nobody noticed the naked girl walking into the room, but soon a couple did, then a few, and soon the entire place went from an exercise room to an audience chamber, a stage for my upcoming trial.

"Okay, here's your first challenge." Kelsey deliberately raised her voice when laying out her instructions, as to broadcast what was happening "you'll be competing with me on who can do more push ups, you go first, and if I match you, you lose and do the forfeit right here."

I nodded nervously; I actually hated doing push ups, I could barely do ten of them before I was completely noodle-armed and exhausted, but I had to push myself to at least try and win here, though looking at how well toned Kelsey's body is, I have to admit I was already anticipating the loss.

I crouched down and assumed the position, and began to push, Kelsey began counting out my progress, I was already encircled by the everyone in the room, being watched as I worked away.

At around eight I began to feel my arms weaken, the ninth push up was difficult to perform.

"Nine- what's wrong Sarah? Don't tell me you're already giving up!?" Kelsey mocked my struggle, I had finished the ninth and was pushing up to the tenth push up.

"Ten! Keep going Sarah, we're all standing here waiting for your ass." Kelsey piped up again.

"To be fair, we're watching it too." someone from the crowd joked, and everyone chuckled all around me as I managed to eke out the tenth push up.

I was slowly edging upwards for the eleventh push up, my arms near failing, I knew I was at my limit, as soon as my arms were extended, they gave out and let my body drop down into a crumpled and exhausted heap.

"Wow, I was hoping you'd put up more of a challenge, but it seems like it'll be an easy win for me." Kelsey boasted, and took position right next to where I was now sitting, still breathing heavily from my exercise.

I watched in dismay as Kelsey effortlessly pumped out ten push ups, it almost took her half the time it took me to do the entirety of my eleven, and she only kept going, the crowd counting the number of push-ups cheerfully as she continued, their voices celebrating the upcoming humiliation that would be visited upon me.

Kelsey slowed down at around twenty before Henry told her to quit showing off as she had already won the challenge.

"Well, I guess we keep your clothes and you owe us a forfeit." Kelsey, letting out a little sigh, deliberately raised her voice a little as she declared her victory.

"W-what should I do?" I squeezed my thighs together, I was already in full subservience mode, I wasn't thinking about winning, not really, even if I might've had a chance, I was sure I was going to just bumble my way into a loss simply musing about what might happen to me, and that's before considering the curse's own influence.

"Well, you've had a bit of a break since your first orgasm," Kelsey began as she gave one of my breasts a squeeze, her voice still raised a little to make sure everyone in the back could hear clearly just how lewd I was "so let's see another one, and this time you have to do it by yourself."

Despite having orgasmed in public and in front of so many people, my body never failed to provide the most humiliating response; arousal and readiness to comply, I lay back down and spread my legs open, my hands didn't skip a beat, one reached out to the very breast Kelsey just squeezed and mimicked that very act, the other crept down and came in contact with my eager little clit, even a small brush sent shockwaves through my body as my back arched forcefully, not in orgasm, but in sheer pleasure.

My hand down below was not deterred, it powered through the wave of pleasure and continued toying with my joy button, my voice was not muffled either, I was moaning like a filthy slut in front of an entire yoga class who, through my hazy vision, I saw were brandishing their cell phones and capturing my forfeit, another staple of my recent lifestyle.

My fingers were not content just teasing my little clit for too long, however, as they moved down to penetrate my soaking wet pussy, they began pumping away inside my folds with abandon, and once again I found myself approaching climax.

My hips, until now squirming seductively, bucked in explosive pleasure, lifting off the rubbery floor as my twitching pussy squirted its juices for the second time today, I heard the cheers of the audience around me drowning out my moans and exclamations of cumming.

After calming down I was led out into the cardio machine wing followed by some of the people from the yoga class, curious to see what else I was going to do, more people were immediately fixated on the sight of my naked body, though nobody seemed even remotely shocked or upset by my exhibitionist display, in fact, there were a few moments where some people almost tripped and fell on their treadmills and those incidents seemed to garner more worry from everyone than anything that would take place quite soon.

"Okay dear, we have your next challenge here, you and Henry will get on treadmills and see who can go further." Kelsey explained as she stood next to two unoccupied treadmills, I felt a bit nervous, I was pretty sure I couldn't as far as Henry, even if I was in better shape "And just to make it more fair, let's say you only have to run half the distance Henry does to win."

Was Kelsey trying to give me a glimmer of hope here? Or was this just another way to humiliate me further? After my sordid loss against Kelsey, I wasn't really sure which one was it.

Well, I found out later on that Henry enjoyed cross country running as a hobby, so I will leave it to your imagination how miserably I lost (not really if I lost at all, that was never really in question), suffice to say, there were a lot of bouncing parts that really made the trek towards my defeat an especially humiliating ordeal.

Once again out of breath, I asked what my next forfeit was as I was yet again surrounded by even more people, it must have been about fifty or so people.

Henry sat down on cushioned seating and dropped his shorts, he was already pretty erect and that erection was fairly big, about as big as Gary's actually, and I knew what he wanted.

I knelt down and started licking up and down Henry's shaft before putting it in my mouth, the crowd around me was silent, so much that the sounds of my mouth sucking away was probably audible to all of them.

Thankfully, it didn't take me bobbing my head too much, only a few minutes of Henry moaning in pleasure before he warned me that he was about to cum, once he was close enough, he pushed me back, stood up and sprayed his hot cum all over my face as the silent crowd instantly erupted into cheers as if he had scored a touchdown in the superbowl.

I wiped away some cum from my eyes so I can reopen them, I looked sadly at Kelsey and begged her:

"Please, I don't think I can win, can I please go home?" I admitted defeat to the two, and they looked at each other in self-approval before Kelsey responded:

"Okay, but you know that means we get to do whatever we want to you, let's say at least for the rest of the day." Kelsey made her offer, and I nodded, at least this meant I wouldn't have to keep parading myself naked in front of the entire gym "Great, then let's go get your clothes and take you home."

"We'll have lots more fun there." Henry chimed in as he offered his hand to help me up, this would have been quite gentlemanly if I hadn't just sucked him off and I wasn't naked and splattered with semen.

True to their word, the two siblings took me home (naturally, I was still naked all the way back) where Gary was lounging around, he was pleasantly surprised to see me in the state I was in, and even more pleasantly surprised when he saw the two fine specimen walk in behind me.

I explained to Gary about the events of the day, naturally I was sat surrounded by all three who made sure I was being molested and fingered thoroughly as I told the story, I believe I had a couple of orgasms before I finished the story, two of many that evening.

I was obviously used as their personal plaything, I remember descending into a haze of pleasure at some point, Henry's cock was back in my mouth as Gary was drilling me from behind, I remember them switching positions at some point, and I'm certain there was a point where I was watching Gary have sex with Kelsey as I had sex with Henry.

Let's just say there were no more boundaries for me, not with Gary at least, and not with anyone else at that point.

This was probably the point when I realized that the curse had won out, I couldn't argue with its effects any more, I was as much its plaything as I was my partners' that night.

At some point after we all collapsed from exhaustion, I was certain that I could not resist anything the curse threw at me, from now on anything could happen to me in public, my mind wandered to that old gypsy lady, and whether I'd ever be able to break this spell.

This thought was followed by me wondering if I would even have the desire to do so when the time came.


SARAH AND THE GYPSIE'S CURSE CH. 06

Sarah and Gary visit the renaissance fair.

This curse was getting out of hand!

Thankfully, even something as public as my gym outing didn't draw any extreme attention from strangers, despite me even appearing in the local newspaper!

The article was bizarre, the title "Local exhibitionist gets shown off in gym", the actual article itself was written as if this was some sort of social outreach event or local festivity, a completely mundane event that was only fit to be broadcast during a slow news day on page six.

I was also getting recognized a lot more often recently; nobody treated me any differently, but it seemed a lot more people knew my name and were acting more familiar with me.

Gary and I were out having fun at a renaissance fair one day, it appears that Gary had friends who worked there and he wanted to go and check it out, it seemed like a lot of fun as we wandered around, got some medieval-themed snacks and enjoyed the costumed workers as they went about their day.

Gary had stopped in front of a small tent with "be a parte of this worlde" sign, he asked if I wanted to try and play a little dress up, I thought it was a bit cheesy, but why not, it would be fun so I agreed.

Inside Gary began talking to the attendant of the tent as he paid the fee to use the room in the back, the attendant told me to go on in as Gary had to sign something, the back was essentially a partitioned area of the tent with some clothes racks and a locker for the guests' clothes, I started going through them as Gary finally caught up with me and somehow immediately laid eyes on a dress with massive cleavage.

"Only the prettiest... and easiest of the village girls wear this dress." Gary joked, I feigned displeasure at his insinuation, but I was just playing along:

"Are you calling me easy?" I asked my hands at my hips, for a second my mind went to the curse, I was easy now, this fired off a pang of embarrassment, but I didn't let it show.

"Easy on the eyes," Gary responded with a kiss, and I immediately forgot my worry and reciprocated, soon this turned into a full-blown make out session, I wasn't quite aware that Gary was slowly undressing me, I was too engrossed in his kisses when I found myself completely naked, and before I knew it, I was pushed out the tent flap and into the public, stark butt naked and with no cover in front of dozens of strangers!

I probably did the worst thing I could have done in this situation, yell loudly at Gary and cover my naughty bits with my hands, but not bothering to move back into the tent or anything sensible like that, at least not before Gary followed me out and blocked my way back into the tent, this gave the fair workers enough time to gather at my location and declare me a harlot!

Of course, no normal renaissance fair would do this, but I had failed to think this through and was swept up in their theatrics, some of the actors even brought over chain link cuffs and collar, holding me in place with my arms behind my back as I was put in chains and paraded around the fairgrounds naked.

People laughed and jeered at my humiliating display, some even stepped forward to cop a feel or two, my breasts and ass were treated to more than a few pinches, squeezes, and smacks before we reached a set of stockades, and soon enough I was locked in and unable to move my head and arms, bent over and giving everyone a clear view of my pussy and asshole.

"Äs your first of three punishments, you shall receive corporal punishment from the people as penitence to them!" A crier stood in front of me and announced in a booming voice, much to the delight of the crowd.

And so began my punishment, I was soon feeling hands smacking against my displayed butt, I was getting spanked by the crowd around me, I wasn't even able to count how many times I'd been smacked in the rear, but what I could tell was that this was not the extent of my ordeal, I felt many hands sneak their way to grope and play with my hanging breasts, I felt many fingers sneak their way into my pussy, both of which regrettably betrayed me and began showing signs of arousal.

"Excuse me! Excuse me!" Salvation had come, I heard Gary's voice over the bustling throngs that surrounded me, and the crier called out for silence, everyone listened, and I was, for the moment, spared further indignity as the crowd fell back and created space for my boyfriend to plead with the crier.

"Hi, I'm this lady's boyfriend, there must be a misunderstanding here, I just meant it as a little prank." Gary attempted to reason with the crier but received nothing but boos from the crowd, nevertheless, he pushed on "Can't you let her go? Just this once!"

"That is unacceptable, harlots must be punished, and so must their companions!" The crier rebutted, and the crowd cheered for Gary's inadvertent involvement:

"Your punishment shall be to shame yourself, by displaying the sight you hold in highest privilege, and the act your companion holds most private!" It took me a second to process what was being said, but before I could respond, the crier spelled it out "you must show us your companion's climax."

I would have flinched if not for, well, the stocks I was stuck in, they wanted Gary to show them MY orgasm? How was that a punishment for him!?

"Come on!" Gary protested, but nobody was having it.

"If you do not comply, you will be forced into the stocks as well, and be subjected to the same punishment!" The crier escalated the threat, Gary had no choice.

"I'm sorry honey..." Gary whispered in my ear, and I wanted to kick myself as I felt my loins tingle in anticipation, to think being subjected to this humiliation would turn me on so much!

Gary's hands were as gentle and skilled as ever, softly massaging my breasts as his fingers tweaked my nipples and caressed my wet lips, the effect was even more pronounced after the rough treatment of the crowd, and I could not help but moan almost immediately, earning me jeers from the crowd and the labels "slut" and "harlot", among other things, were tossed around.

It wasn't long before Gary's fingers found themselves inside of me, my body did its best to rock back and forth with the rhythm of his movement, I was lost deep in ecstasy, and I was about to hit my orgasm when:

"Stop!"

Gary's hands retreated, and I was left humping the air in desperation, seeking release from the agonizing state I was left in, so close to the edge, yet so far away.

"You have received your punishment admirably, however, for the shame to be complete, your companion must declare her own depravity in penitence, she must bring herself to climax by her own hands!"

And so my right hand was released from the stocks, but nothing else, I stopped for a moment, considering the implication; I had to essentially admit that I was a "harlot" to everyone here, and I had to do it by fingering myself to orgasm.

God, how I hated the fact that the mere thought of doing so drove me over the edge, I don't even remember moving my hand, I only realized that my fingers were deep in my pussy, pumping away when I was cumming, my orgasm hit like a freight train as my juices gushed out like a breaking dam for everyone to see.

My fingers didn't stop, wave after wave of orgasm crashed over my body as I convulsed violently, unable to hold back my own lust even as I was barely able to stand with the strength leaving my shaky legs, the last thing I remember thinking as the crowd cheering wildly was that I truly was what they said I was.

I don't know how long I blacked out, but I came to when the stocks were unlocked and I slumped onto the ground, Gary helped me up to my knees, and I couldn't help but notice the bulge in his pants that was staring me in the face.

"Your final punishment is to apologize to your companion, for you have dragged them through hell in your debauchery." I believe the crier was addressing me with that declaration, but I was only half-listening as I undid the buttons on Gary's pants and let his penis out, I stared at it hungrily for a second before taking it in my mouth.

I don't know how pent up Gary was, but he didn't last long, I barely managed to get into a rhythm with my head bobbing when Gary announced that he was ready to cum, I let the semen flow into my mouth and let Gary's flaccid cock out of my mouth once he was fully drained, I swallowed the deposit, still in my mouth, in one go.

The crowd began clapping as the crier announced my absolution, Gary helped me up and led me away from the crowd, who were content to let us go on our merry way.

"Come on, the tent with your clothes is this way," Gary gently ushered me back to the tent, thinking back on it, there must have been people staring at me walking around dazed and butt naked, but I don't think I had the capacity to notice them "So what did you think?"

"What?" Still, in a stupor, I tried to parse what Gary meant by that.

"Apparently, the attendant for the costume tent recognized you and asked if I could get you naked," Gary explained, and I slowly began piecing things together as my brain kicked back into action "I didn't really know what to expect, but he said they had a little plan, but I figured you'd enjoy it, I guess I was right, they said they wouldn't push you too far but you really played along."

I stepped away from Gary for a moment, still stumbling, I tripped over to a bench that was behind me, looking up in shock as I came to realize what had transpired, I certainly was enjoying my humiliation, and now that I thought about it, the crier asked me to apologize to Gary, so why did I just automatically assume that meant that I should give him a blowjob? Because that's how it goes in the stories I enjoy? Because that's how the curse would have humiliated me? Was I really pushing past what the curse was forcing me to do?

That sounded absurd, I'd pleaded so often to people to let me go and not put me in these positions, but nobody would help me, and now they were telling me that I was playing along and pushing past what was asked of me?

The fact that I couldn't quite honestly refute the possibility only produced the predictable response from my body, I felt myself almost squirm in randiness, I considered for a second if it was just another effect of the curse, making me more sensitive and more willing, but frighteningly enough, that question felt far easier to answer.

As all those thoughts crystallized in my mind, I noticed that my hands were moving on their own, my breasts and pussy were under assault.

I fingered myself to yet another orgasm right there on the bench.


SARAH AND THE GYPSIE'S CURSE CH. 07

Sarah tries stripping Gary again, this time at the beach.

I didn't have much luck stripping Gary the last time, so I wanted to try again and see what would come of it.

It was around the end of summer that Gary told me about his friend who had heard of this private beach with limited access, and was willing to talk to the managers so we can get access to it, so we were both very excited to go there.

Naturally, my excitement came from a different place than Gary's, I was looking for an opportunity to see if I could pull a fast one on Gary and leave him as humiliated as he had left me so many times before, and confirm whether or not the curse would let me strip someone else, and I thought this was a prime opportunity to enact my experiment.

Truth be told, this wasn't a purely academic endeavor, I must admit that I thought it would be pretty hot to orchestrate a situation where Gary is naked and humiliated in public, in fact I was so fixated on the idea I was beginning to fantasize about it, about distracting him and stealing his swimming trunks in water, forcing him to come out on land and having everyone laugh and point at him, I might even let a few girls play with his flopping dick, that would surely get him hard, and I would use that to make him cum in front of everyone.

I continued to contemplate the idea, and I decided to include a couple of my friends in the act, after all, that's just more assurance that my plan would succeed, or so I thought, I called them and convinced them to come, as long as I could get them access to the beach, I begrudgingly accepted, and this meant that I had to go talk to Gary's friend.

I managed to get his number out of Gary's phone and called him up, he agreed to get my friends into the beach provided I did something for him, I knew where this was going; he told me that he'd heard about all the sorts of stuff I was made to do by Gary, and he knew me and Gary were fairly open with our relationship (no thanks to the curse, obviously), so he asked me for a blowjob!

Now, this wasn't really that bad of a deal, after all, it's not like the internet wasn't plastered with videos of me giving head and worse, but it was the idea that not only did everyone know about me, but they were more than willing to push me around and make me do such humiliating things in exchange for the simplest favors.

I bit the bullet and reminded myself that this was all to get Gary back, so I got on my knees and gave him what he wanted, and true to his word, my friends later told me that they received a call from him telling them that they were allowed in, and so everything was in place to enact my plan.

And so came the day of our trip to the beach. I had, as planned, worn a one piece suit tight enough to show off my curves and also to keep from falling off or being easily removed, while Gary was wearing a set of normal swimming trunks.

At the beach's entrance the guard stopped us, Gary showed him our invite and the guard, after examining it, was about to let us in until he saw and stopped me.

"Sorry ma'am, you can't come in like that." The guard blocked my way, I was shocked and puzzled at this, I asked him why, he pointed at a sign near the entrance "You see ma'am, this is a topless beach, and I can't let you in wearing that swimsuit."

My jaw dropped, I looked over at Gary and saw the knowing look in his eyes, he kept that little piece of information to himself just so he could catch me by surprise, to be fair, this wasn't even close to being his worst prank played on me, though I wouldn't put it past him to have some plan to escalate the humiliation.

"Fine, I'll just lower the swimsuit down to my waist." Defeated, I resigned myself to exposing my breasts on this beach, it would make my revenge a little less sweet, but I would be normally dressed while Gary had to contend with being fully naked, and then the guard dropped the bombshell on me.

"Sorry ma'am, but that won't do, I can't guarantee that you won't just put it back on, the whole thing's gotta go." And so the guard smacked me with a twist that pulverized my plans to dust, worst yet, I had been hoisted by my own petard, as Gary would have no idea on what type of suit I'd wear, or that the beach would enforce their rules so ludicrously, my hands shakily pushed the suit down my hips and legs until it crumpled down near my feet.

Now that I was naked, stripping Gary naked as well could only be so humiliating, let's be fair, if the two of us were naked, people would probably focus more on me, and Gary would find a way to make it worse, and that was without the influence of the curse ramping up my humiliation.

But once again I soldiered on, humiliating Gary even a little would still be a victory for me, and I still had my girlfriends waiting inside and ready to help me humiliate him, so I had the advantage inside, but for now I was naked, and I was the only one.

Once inside, the staring, pointing and laughing began, this was not how it was supposed to go, it was supposed to be Gary who got stripped and laughed at by everyone while I would be the one squeezing his ass as he shrunk in humiliation, but once again the curse struck, leaving me in that role.

"Oh my god, I can't believe this!" I heard a familiar voice coming from behind us, and right on cue, here come my friends Melissa and Star, ready to witness my abject failure. "You got stripped again!? Already!?"

I felt my body heat surge without limit, I was covering my privates in shame as my very friends came over, laughing and teasing at the sight before them, and because everyone was already used to seeing me naked like this, they had no misgivings about pinching my hardening nipples and smacking my exposed rear.

"And after all that effort you put into trying to trick Gary into stripping, you managed to fuck it up." Uh oh.

"Sorry, what?" Gary's ears perked up at the mention of my plot, this was the worst possible outcome.

"Oh yeah, she had this whole elaborate plan about how she was going to seduce you and strip you naked, then parading you around the beach and letting everyone play with you until you came." yeah, keep running your mouth Melissa, you're doing great! "You know, the typical thing that happens to her."

"Well, not really, I don't think she ever got DP'ed in front of everyone before, that's why we brought the strap-ons." Goddammit Star.

"Well, that's not very nice." Gary said in a condescending tone, giving one of my nipples a firm pinch that produced a yelp out of me and, as much as I didn't want to admit it, it made me so unbelievably wet "I think you deserve a little punishment, what do you girls think?"

"Yeah!" Melissa and Star turned on me right there on the spot, and any hope of me getting Gary back evaporated with their betrayal.

And so began my humiliating parade, at first I had my hands tied behind my back with my own swimsuit as Gary and the girls took a couple of commemorative photos, and then I found myself bent over and spanked in front of everyone at the beach, the laughing and pointing only increased, and my friends took advantage of my prone state to grope my dangling breasts, all while Gary took the time to tease my pussy as he delivered hard and stinging smacks to my bottom.

I was then straightened back up and held in place as Gary slowly fondled me and fingered me repeatedly inserting and pumping two fingers inside of my pussy for all to see, this was even different from his usual fondling that tended to be very gentle and sweet, instead I was subjected to something similar to what I do myself in these situation, meaning he was fingering me without any accountancy for my dignity, it was fingering meant to make me cum as fast and as hard as possible.

I was barely allowed to move at all as Melissa and Star held me by my arms behind my back and even spread my legs apart to give everyone a clear view to the action, letting Gary do his work until I came to a squirting orgasm, it didn't take long thanks to my exposure and Gary's earlier teasing and spanking, my juices gushed down my thighs as my hips bucked with uncontrollable pleasure in front of hundreds of strangers, no doubt all laughing at me and recording me.

That was only the beginning as my two friends used the very strap-ons I intended to use on Gary to spit-roast me in front of everyone, and Gary soon joined them, making me blow him until he came in my mouth, I was kicking myself knowing how spectacularly this backfired.

Once I was sufficiently debased, I had to stay naked for the duration of the planned trip, and since no one was willing to leave early on account of this special opportunity, that meant I was naked in front of everyone for hours, and whenever someone talked to us, Gary and everyone else would invite them to touch me, this led to many more orgasms as complete strangers were offered to grope me, and when they were not told to stop, kept going until I was being fingered to another orgasm.

Of course, the more often this happened, the braver people got, soon I was no longer enjoying the beach, I was too occupied with a half dozen hands mauling at my body and bringing me to one orgasm after another with no breaks in between, I had essentially become a public use toy to be played with.

At the end it didn't matter, and I believe Star and Melissa only continued running their mouths and told Gary about how I gave his friend a blowjob, and before long I was once again on my knees giving complete strangers yet more blowjobs.

I was so exhausted by the end of the day, I didn't notice that Gary and the girls had taken my swimsuit and ran back to the car right away, leaving me naked and alone, I rushed to the parking lot as soon as I noticed, and was greeted by the car leaving with everyone waving at me, I gave chase all the way to the street, and I still wasn't let in, I was left to run around naked for the amusement of Gary and my friends.

I was eventually let into the car, where I was sandwiched between Star and Mel who continued to play with my body, not aggressively enough to make me cum again, but enough to make me squirm in impatience and arousal, at this point I was completely exhausted and unable to resist, I just sat there in submission as they amused themselves.

We finally got home to our apartment, I was told to sit with my back against the apartment door as one last video was recorded:

"Sarah, do you remember how many orgasms you had today?"Gary asked, quite certain neither of us knew the answer to that one.

"No, I lost count." I answered meekly, the answer putting a bullet point on how much indignity I've suffered through.

"Do you think you can cum again?" Gary asked the more important question, it was obvious what was coming, or more appropriately, who was cumming.

"I don't know." I lied, despite the constant climaxing of today, as sore as my pussy felt, I knew for a fact that I could still orgasm, and quite easily at that, I stopped squirting a while ago, but that was it.

"You better hope you can, because I won't let you in until you cum while apologizing for trying to strip me." This curse could be so cruel sometimes, but my body loved it, and I knew I had no choice but to obey.

I let my fingers do their job, slipping into my squelching wet pussy as my hips bounced up and down on the apartment floor, I began saying how sorry I was, how I shouldn't have tried to strip my boyfriend, I knew how unfair it was that this kept happening to me but I couldn't fight back, and now I'm being forced to apologize for trying, my brain maybe just snapped at that moment because I began apologizing for enjoying this and for being a slut.

The more I apologized and basically demeaned myself, the hotter I felt myself getting, and so I kept on doing it until I could stand it no longer, my body shook with the thunderous climax, this was the biggest orgasm of my entire life, caught on camera as always.

I was finally let inside, but I didn't get dressed, I served everyone drinks while naked, and had to obey their every command, which of course chalked up a couple more orgasms to today's streak.

I can't quite remember when the two decided to go home, but at the end of the night, Mel and Star were treated to a show of me on my knees sucking Gary's cock as I fingered myself, I was insatiable in more ways than one.

It seems the more I try to strip Gary (or maybe anyone, not that I've tried), the harder the curse brings its attention to me, I'm not sure how that works, but it was good to know.


SARAH AND THE GYPSIE'S CURSE CH. 08

Sarah and Gary go to the pier.

It has been a while since the last time I got stripped by the curse, despite secretly admitting to myself that I enjoyed all of the ordeals it had put me through, I was not vocally against the reprieve I was getting, and so since I sorta gave up on the idea of getting Gary back for now, I assumed the powers that be left ME be as well, to be honest, I was starting to miss the curse a little.

I was wrong, on many levels, and honestly I was glad to be wrong.

The next time something happened was when we were heading to the pier for a day off, it was a week before halloween and the weather was really nice, not too warm but warm enough to wear a light summer dress that Gary asked me to wear.

I may not have made it clear, but I was really into Gary, not to mention that outside of the curse related incidents, he was the sweetest guy I knew, so I figured it was okay to go along with this suggestion, plus I got a little hopeful that this may lead to yet another curse incident.

The pier itself was very crowded, it was a weekend so a lot of people showed up to undo all the stress of the week with the multitude of kiosks and rides, many of the places sported the early decorations of the autumn season. And many were even out wearing their costumes out already!

"What should we ride first?" I asked Gary, looking around at all the attractions available to us.

"How about the ferris wheel?" Gary pointed at the ferris wheel that was the landmark of this pier. It sounded like a great idea to see the entire place from above, so I went along with it.

Naturally, we weren't wrong and the view was amazing, I may have been acting a little too giddy as we ascended to the peak of the wheel.

"I love this view." I breathed out.

"I love this view more." Gary said as he looked me up and down, I was feeling pretty good about wearing the dress, even more when he scooted over to my side and started making out with me.

I was getting pretty hot as I didn't resist Gary taking my bra and panties off without even removing my dress, his hands wandered around, squeezing my breasts and even fingering me just a bit before time ran out and we neared the final round of the wheel's trip.

When we got off the ride, I failed to notice Gary locking the door on my dress, this meant that when the wheel continued to allow people to get off, my dress was pulled up until it was completely off my body.

I was completely humiliated as Gary pleaded with the operator (who I later found out was promised a little something extra by Gary) to turn the wheel back, obviously, he refused. I was extremely panicked, whenever my eyes weren't glued to the cabin from which my dress was fluttering, I was constantly glancing around me to make sure no one saw too much of me, which I wasn't even sure was possible as so many people were already staring at me, some were laughing, some seemed to feel pity for me (not enough to give me anything to wear, though), and some were simply enjoying my blatant humiliation as they photographed and video recorded me.

"Sorry honey, no dice." Gary mumbled sheepishly and shrugged as he returned to my side.

"Well there has to be so-" I didn't get to finish my thought as Gary grabbed my arms and twisted them behind my back, next thing I heard was the clicking of metal against metal as something wrapped itself around my wrists.

I was handcuffed.

"Wha..." I wasn't even capable of reacting to what just happened, I was now fully exposed in front of dozens if not hundreds of people and powerless to cover anything up, I felt Gary's hand squeeze my ass.

"I thought you might have wanted a little break from being stripped since last time," Gary whispered in my ear, and I could feel a little chill run through my spine "but you seemed to be a little sexually frustrated, even though we've been having more sex."

I couldn't deny this, the break was nice, but I was only starting to enjoy sexual activity while getting stripped on a regular basis.

Almost as if in response, one of Gary's fingers snuck its way to my pussy lips, I couldn't believe how electrifying one touch could be as the finger barely grazed my them.

"I -" and once again, before I could even muster a response, I found myself silenced, this time by something being stuffed into my mouth and gagging me, they were my panties.

Almost as if gagging me freed up some of my brain's ability to notice the world around me, I was suddenly painfully aware of the people staring at me, pointing and laughing at my humiliating and degrading appearance, those with children shooed them away and covered their sight as to shield them from my debauchery, and I wasn't even aware that I could come this close to orgasm just by being seen.

"It's not going to be that much fun just standing here, let's go." Gary's hand pulled back and squeezed a butt cheek before giving it a good smack, I had a mini-orgasm right there on the spot "I guess I was right, look at how wet your pussy is, you're leaking like a faucet."

My body was reacting to this situation the way a starving man reacted to a feast laid out in front of him, ravenous could not begin to describe my loins' conditions.

I then felt Gary's fingers slip into my pussy with practically zero resistance, I experienced another mini-orgasm, and I felt him pull me forward that way, I was literally being led around by my boyfriend through the pier by my pussy.

It occurred to me at that moment that he had me literally wrapped around his finger, I wasn't even sure how I was still able to resist having the biggest orgasm of my life right then and there.

I was slowly led through the pier's walkways as people watched in morbid curiosity a naked woman with panties stuffed in her mouth being led around by the pussy, many snickered and spoke in hushed voices, I heard many derogatory words thrown my way, each one making my pussy pulse with ecstasy, I didn't notice us reaching our destination, a theater hall that was used during special events, until we were right at its back door.

Gary led me around to the backstage of the theater, and once we were on the stage proper, the curtains parted to reveal a fully occupied audience, I saw a sign hanging above me:

LIVE EROTIC SHOW

This was prepared especially for me, I felt myself being turned back around by Gary to face the crowd, and without skipping a beat, he began playing with my breasts and fingering my pussy as I stood there on stage.

The crowd began to chant:

"Make her squirt!"

Gary's fingers took on the chant's rhythm, despite knowing for a fact that this was the most turned on I've been in my life, I futilely attempted to resist, but it was no use, I was slowly inched to orgasm, and Gary delivered the final blow:

"Come on honey, you know you want to squirt in front of everyone."

I lost total control at that moment, I screamed through the panties in ecstasy as my juices squirted out onto the stage in front of everyone and I experienced the greatest orgasm of my life to date as I fell to my knees.

"I want to thank you all for coming here tonight, you've made Sarah's day." Gary shouted out to the crowd below "But there's one person who deserves special thanks this evening, come on up!"

I saw the same Ferris wheel operator who refused to cooperate in retrieving my dress earlier climbing onto the stage, it really drove home how easily I was convinced that I had to stay naked, and it made Gary's words about me wanting to experience this sort of humiliation a more present thought in my head.

The operator stopped in front of me and unzipped his pants, his cock right there in front of my face, I knew what was being asked of me, I had been going out with Gary for a while now and the idea of sucking off anyone else still felt kinda wrong, but my pussy was insisting otherwise, maybe it was my lust speaking, but my brain was rationalizing the idea with the fact that it was Gary who was giving me permission as he removed my panties from my mouth.

Now on my knees, I opened my mouth and began sucking the operator's hard cock, bobbing my head back and forth as my tongue wrapped around the stiff length of it.

As I sucked away, I felt Gary's hands untying mine and guiding my hips up until I was essentially on my hands and knees, the operator following Gary's lead as he as well dropped down to his knees, that's when I felt my pussy lips parting behind me, the familiar sensation of Gary's own hard shaft entering me instantly made me moan with pleasure, not only was I having sex with Gary in front of a live audience, I was being spitroasted by a complete stranger, and it was the best sex I've had in ages!

I knew it, Gary was right! There was no competition between all I had felt today and the long stretch of frustration that came before it, if only at that moment, I was convinced I needed this sort of humiliation to be satisfied, and as soon as that thought entered my head, I felt myself orgasm again as hot cum filled my mouth and pussy.

The last thing I remember was the cheers of the crowd as I finally collapsed on the stage in a messy heap of semen, sweat and my own juices, fully aware that there was probably nowhere in our town that I could go and not be recognized as the lady who keeps getting stripped, humiliated and fucked in public.

That didn't sound too bad, honestly, especially considering how everyone else began treating me, but that's another story.
