Maik-lings - Some Notes on the Maik-lings
by donnylaja

1. As you know I was not to ask questions outside the scope of our assignment, so my knowledge as to this topic is limited to what I could observe during visits to the school over the past year.

2. These girls arrive on a short bus at 7:15 a.m., in time for before-school activities. By my count, there are seven of them, all in the same grade. It is unknown to me where they live, whether they are from the same house, or what the familial relationships are. This is a fairly remote area and a large school district, so they could be from some distance away in the hills. They look quite different from each other, even as to color of skin, so they cannot be siblings. I have not seen anyone visit who seems to be a parent or guardian, though I have seen parents of other students visit. I have to say that they seem to have a strict diet and get a lot of exercise; they are in perfect physical condition, thin yet a little muscular.

3. I am unclear on the term "Maik-ling", which I have overheard in snatches of conversations. It does not seem to mean anything in Chinese, though other languages have words that are similar. Nor is it clear if there have been any previous Maik-lings. Their first names are Chyou, Fenfang, Jing, Liena, Mei-yin, Qinyang and ZhenZhen. Aside from what I will describe, they appear to be ordinary students, attending classes and activities like the others. As you know the school's current census is 650, spread out over the three grades. Maik-lings do not seem to be part of any experiment, or cult, or project, or if so, such things are hidden from me.

4. They are well-behaved and their grades are uniformly excellent. None of them speak much. They are reserved and proper-acting, even for Chinese kids. They talk among themselves but not very much with the other students, though there are some obvious friendships. The boys do not seem to pay them any more attention than to other girls. They carry themselves with a royalty-like dignity and seem to enjoy a special respect among the teachers and administration.

5. After the bus leaves the girls wait obediently outside the school for the nurses to come out. Installation of the apparatus (for lack of a better term) is done right there, with the arriving students going past. I suppose they are used to seeing it so few linger to watch, unless they are waiting to go in with the girl or talk to her. The nurses bring with them the tubs, the hoses and fittings, and of course the dildos and the straps that hold them in and go around the waist. There is a douche and then an enema, then lubrication of the dildos and insertion. It is amazing how the Maik-lings can accommodate such large objects inside their bodies, evidently without complaint or any sign of discomfort. The strap has a bristly pad that presses against the clitoris with a hard little cup. The procedure requires three nurses and each girl waits in turn, then picks up her bookbag to enter the school. All seven are done within five minutes. Sometimes a Maik-ling's friend stops by and engages her in conversation while she is being pierced. The nurses then clean up and go in.

6. Walking around with such large insertions unavoidably changes the way the Maik-lings walk. It is very subtle but they swing their hips and shoulders a certain way, in contrast with how they walk when they first get off the bus.

7. In passing classrooms during the day, I see that Maik-lings sit at random among the other students. Sometimes I catch a glimpse of bare feet and legs in the front row. Or, if I am doing measurements from the back of the room, I see a set of bare shoulders.

8. Nudity seems to be their permanent condition. Aside from the "apparatus" I have not seen any of them wear a single stitch. Their bare skin contrasts greatly with the other students; the dress code is strict and except for the Maik-lings all the rest are in formal full-coverage school uniforms. Not possessing any clothes, the Maik-lings are the only students without lockers, which must be why their bookbags seem twice the size of everyone else's. They show no sign of being ashamed of their nakedness, surprising since the Chinese are such a conservative culture. Nor of course do they show any sign of showing off or being exhibitionist, despite the perfection of their bodies which are uniformly tanned by the sun. My guess is that none of them has ever worn clothes in their lives, or maybe not in years. Their feet are tough and they seem able to walk on any rough surface quite comfortably. They are also remarkably strong. In helping a teacher move things I saw Fenfang pick up a large chair by herself, hoist it onto her head, and carry it down the hall, breasts bouncing. I saw Jing and Liena working outside with the maintenance crew digging a culvert, their tough bare toes pushing down on the shovels, breasts swinging with their motions, sweating all over, and pulling up as much dirt as the men. Why they are the only students assigned such physically demanding tasks is not clear.

9. I was not aware of the internal vibrators until I passed Mei-yin while classes were changing. She was walking in my direction in a crazy way, her bare feet slapping against the floor, the heavy bookbag lurching from side to side. To me it was an alarming sight. Then she stopped next to me to catch her breath, leaning against the wall, and that was when I heard the humming. I recognized it as the 50-cycle hum generated by AC current in China (as you know, ours is 60-cycle). She quaked through an orgasm, then when it had spent its course with the last few irregular jolts, she pushed herself onward. She then grunted loudly as she lurched, almost as if in pain, and as I saw her walk away her steps were even more wildly zizagging than before. The hum must be continuous, not stopping even after orgasm. As I saw her go Zhenzhen came toward me, gasping and staggering. The other students are used to this and give the Maik-lings a wide berth at such times. Mei-yin and ZhenZhen, as they passed each other, exchanged a quick glance through dazed eyes.

10. I gradually deduced that vibrators turn on inside the Maik-lings during the entire three-minute time for changing classes. They actuate when the end-of-class bell sounds, and turn off with the beginning-of-class bell. When the girls get to their next class they plop down in their seats and look at the ceiling or close their eyes, as if praying, until the bell rings and the humming stops. When that happens they are visibily relieved, drooping their heads and catching their breath, a sheen of sweat on their bodies, sometimes not paying attention for the first minute or two of class. The teachers make allowance for this and do not ask them to answer questions or stand up until they have recovered.

11. On the average each Maik-ling has about four orgasms during each inter-class break. At first I figured out that this meant each Maik-ling was made to experience thirty-two orgasms during the course of the school day. Yet when school lets out they do not seem tired. I do not know how long they have been subjected to this regimen but they have become used to it.

12. I then found out that during sixth period, when other students have free study time, the Maik-lings are assigned to sit in the open foyer next to the auditorium. There are no chairs or benches there; the girls sit their bare bottoms on the cold floor, then the humming starts and does not stop for the next forty minutes, ending with five minutes left in the period. Whether being brought to orgasm after orgasm for that whole time is pleasure or pain, I don't know; their cries during that period could be construed as either. They hold hands and hug each other as they writhe on the floor, their sweat causing stains as they pick up dust and rub against each other. The Maik-lings have a special bond and it is especially evident at this time. Sometimes it amounts to a pile-up of naked, sweating, spasming bodies. The foyer is centrally placed and one hears the echoes of their cries from the furthest reaches of the hallways, even upstairs. Then the humming stops and during the last five minutes all one hears is the sound of heavy breathing as they return to normal consciousness. The smell of female musk is by then almost overbearing and one can detect it from down the hall. They go to the gym showers to rinse themselves off and are allowed to be five minutes late to their next class.

13. The vibrators are obviously remotely controlled but I don't know from where or by whom. It is probably via a software program. As part of the Phase II testing last year I had to shut off electricity for five minutes. It was sixth period and to my amazement, I still heard humming from down the hall, and the echoes of moaning and crying.

14. Leaving the school to drive back to Xining one winter day, I was surprised to see all seven Maik-lings out on the playground with the other students. Winters here are harsh, with constant snow cover and usually below freezing during the day, and yet there they were running naked and barefoot, kicking up the snow with their bare toes, in the midst of the others who were all bundled up. They seemed happier and more verbal, and interacted more with the other students, than at other times, acting more or less like normal kids except for their nudity (and the apparatus). They participate in the informal football games (and I must say even with bare feet they are quite good players), though due to their internal intrusions they run in a strange way. Later I found out that the before-school apparatus installations are done outside even in January, with the nurses in overcoats and gloves. The dildos must be cold even from short exposure to the frigid air but the Maik-lings do not seem to mind as they accept the deep insertions. It should be noted that their nipples always seem to be erect, not only in the cold but at other times also.

15. Cold does not seem to bother them at all. However there are limits to human adaptation. I later saw that on winter field trips involving a full day outdoors, they are smeared with a special grease before leaving. This is done by the custodial staff on the outdoor landing next to the waiting buses. The grease is pumped from what looks like 55-gallon drums and is of a greenish color. Using special gloves the men do a complete job smearing them, from all over the face and behind the ears to under the apparatus and between the buttocks, down to in between the toes. The girls are then given small rags to sit on to protect the bus seats. Upon returning from the trip they are showered down in the same area and scrubbed all over with long-handled brushes, quite roughly in my opinion, then dried off with coarse towels before returning to classes.

16. After school, de-insertion is done, once again outside the school entrance. This of course is a much quicker process, taking a total of maybe one minute for all seven of them. The dildos are extracted while the girl is on all fours up on a table and one can easily see up into their rectums and vaginas as the dildos, which are very thick as well as long, leave a wide gaping hole which slowly closes up.

17. Two nights a week the school hosts a "teen club" where the students are free to come by and play various indoor games, such as checkers, air hockey, or basketball. The Maik-lings often attend as a group, and they are fully nude, not in their apparatus. Sometimes two of them lie on a table tennis top, doing oral sex on each other in the "69" fashion. They seem to be really enjoying themselves. The other students pay them no mind, passing them by as they tongue each other to orgasm after orgasm in the midst of everything.

18. One day I saw that each Maik-ling had come to school with a little blue bow in her hair. I suppose this is the only time I saw these girls "wearing" anything except for their apparatuses. They never wore the bow again. I never found out what this was about.

19. Finally I note the one conversation I witnessed involving Maik-lings. Principal Zhou and I were talking about drainage infrastructure for the Phase III Construction Program when he received a call about an act of vandalism on the football field fence. Such incidents are very rare in China. Mr. Zhou told me the situation, and said, "We're investigating . . . of course it can't be the Maik-lings, they never do anything wrong, but Chyou and Qinyang are possible witnesses." I said that I should wait in the next room, but he said, "No, that's ok . . . This should not take long. The Maik-lings don't say much and they're always totally honest." As it happened fifth period was ending and in the hubbub of students moving around the halls he had Ms. Chen announce over the PA system that Chyou and Qinyang should come to the main office. The two girls were in front of us in less than a minute, standing nakedly and respectfully in front of us two men in our business suits, trying to quell their bodies' reactions to the vibrators deep within and the bristly pads pressing against their clitorises. Sixth period began and there was no respite, this being the time they were assigned to sit in the foyer. Politely and quietly, each answered Mr. Zhou's questions, which had to do with anyone they might have seen watching yesterday's football game during recess. First it was Chyou's turn, then Qinyang's. The girls' eyes squeezed shut as they tried to get words out, as each orgasm announced itself every ninety seconds or so. Mr. Zhou patiently waited until the spasms were over before going on to the next question, working from a list on his notepad. The interrogation could have taken a fraction as long if the girls had been allowed to be questioned in simple nudity, or at least with the vibrators off. When one girl had an orgasm, she squeezed the hand of the other. A couple of times the explosions were simultaneous. Some were so intense that the girl, with a jagged apology, crouched downward, her toes twisting on the floor, erect nipples making little circles in the air over quivering breasts. Tears flowed as they did their best to make eye contact with Mr. Zhou. Finally he was done with his list and he dismissed them. They bowed deferentially, after the Chinese fashion, and with bare feet slapping they staggered out the door, still holding hands, still being stimulated from within.



As discussed, this memo is outside the scope of my brief. Therefore it does not follow profile guidelines and is not coded. Please forward to the appropriate Department.

[end]


Further Notes on the Maik-lings

In line with our recent discussion, I have tried to find out more, without making direct inquiries. I remind you that I am an engineer and not used to such vague instructions. Also I cannot be involved in intelligence gathering, if that's what this is. My only area of inquiry should be the humming from the vibrators insofar as it might affect the electromagnetic ambience of the physical plant. I sometimes ask myself why the Chinese agreed to bring us in, when our work does not involve particularly advanced technology and it's hard to believe they couldn't do it themselves. Needless to say I don't voice these thoughts to Mr. Zhou or to the building manager, Mr. Li.

20. You asked me to follow the Maik-lings' short bus after school, to see where they live, but I would need help to do that. If it's just me, I would be detected, especially if, as I suspect, they live out in the hills where traffic would be sparse. The regular bus driver is a short, middle-aged woman who wears a special uniform, I assume that of the bus company. She interacts with the Maik-lings normally and pleasantly, as if the girls were wearing clothes, and engages them in chit-chat, too far away for me to overhear. Note that she doesn't deal with them when they're "wearing" their apparatus. During snowy or icy weather she takes care in helping the girls step off, ice and snow being slippery under their bare feet. One time there was a substitute driver, in the same uniform, who as might be expected acted less familiar with them.

21. The Maik-lings' nudity, as I mentioned earlier, is total and absolute and permanent and extends through all seasons, no matter how cold or windy. It seems to be a strict rule to keep them away from any kind of clothing, covering, or footwear, though they don't seem to mind it. In the rain they don't use umbrellas, they just let themselves get wet, though one must admit this has advantages because in their bare skin they dry out inside more quickly than their companions in wet clothes. Still, it is startling to see them waiting patiently in the freezing rain to get the dildos inserted, their bodies flushed red or even purple with the cold. They seem oblivious, or at least (this is a wild guess) they are trained not to look like it affects them. Their health does not suffer from this, quite the opposite. As far as I can tell not one of them has ever been out sick, nor have I ever seen one with a runny nose or a cough. There was strep throat going around in January resulting in a lot of absences, but the Maik-lings were not affected.

22. Last Tuesday, again, the Maik-lings appeared with a bow in their hair (see para. 18). This time it was not blue but orange. Again, it seemed to cause no comment, and the bows were gone the next day.

23. I invent all kinds of pretenses to be around the students, teachers, and staff, inspecting outlets, opening up soffets, etc., and my Chinese is improving, but I never overhear anything said about the Maik-lings, by them or by anyone else, as to their nudity, the vibrators, or anything else about the life of a Maik-ling. This is very frustrating. The appearance of the orange bows was a further example. You'd think that at least one of the (clothed) girls would tell a Maik-ling how nice it looked. If such comments are made it's outside my earshot, but I don't get the impression that people are watching what they say when I'm around. I've become a familiar sight around the school and everyone says hi to me and waves at me with what looks like unforced friendliness. I have to say this is a well-run school with high-achieving, happy people, teachers and students alike.

24. A school dance was held one night last week and to my surprise all the Maik-lings attended. They were not in their apparatus, just naked kids among clothed kids. It seemed like everyone in their grade was there. The Chinese are hardly wild partiers and the dancing was pretty conservative, as were the formal outfits of the other students, and the music. Given their behavior in the foyer, and at the Teen Club (para. 17), I assumed the Maik-lings were lesbian, but that seems not to be the case. Same-sex dancing was apparently not allowed in this conservative culture, but the naked girls seemed fine with dancing with (clothed) boys. I'm no expert on this topic but gender attraction is pretty fluid at that age, especially with girls. Though I wonder what the boys were feeling, holding a naked girl close, one hand on a bare shoulder, the other on a bare hip. I was expecting the Maik-lings to be wallflowers but they clearly were not. They seemed indistinguishable from the other students, except for the lack of clothing. Fortunately no bare toes got accidentally stepped on.

25. I mentioned the vandalism incident at the playground fence (para. 19). It turns out there was an attempt to cut through it. I was called in because whoever it was also tried to cut into a power line that's buried there. It seemed a stupid thing to do, risking electrocution. Fortunately the cut didn't penetrate the insulation and repair was easy. I was dying to ask questions as to who could have done it, had this kind of thing happened before, etc., but I didn't dare. While out there, though, I noticed tire tracks going out to the Taerzhen road. I'm sure the Chinese authorities, thorough as they are, noticed this also and investigated. Interestingly, the power line was right next to one of the lines of the old system (disconnected for two years now), and that line was not touched.

26. I mentioned before (para. 13) that the vibrators apparently have an independent power source. I asked Mr. Li, as casually as I could, if there were any other power systems on the grounds. My pretext was telling him I heard some equalization interference in the normal wire whine (a transient, unrecorded finding that cannot be disproven). He said, "If it's not in the blueprints, it doesn't exist." I told him in that case the interference might be due to a bad ground somewhere and I would like to check it out. He seemed not to suspect my motives, and gave permission. Fortunately checking for bad grounds gives me an excuse to visit almost any area of the building or the property. I'm glad Mr. Li is not an electrician and won't volunteer to "help me out".

27. I have managed to have a one-on-one interaction with a Maik-ling. It started out as a shot in the dark where I got lucky. I went to Mr. Zhou and said, "I need someone to help me up on the roof of the power plant with threading some wires through conduits. I thought maybe one of your students, if you don't mind. Someone pretty strong, because the wires are heavy." I was hoping he would suggest a Maik-ling because I've seen them assigned to some heavy outdoor tasks (see para. 8). Mr. Zhou smiled (he has gradually gotten more cordial with me) and said, "I'm sure he or she would be thrilled." He looked at a few things on his screen and said, "How about one of the Maik-lings? They're all pretty strong. . . Let's see . . . ZhenZhen, Fenfang and Jing can be excused next period . . . Also Chyou. . . no, she's giving a presentation in History class . . . Mrs. Chang, please page Fenfang." I was glad to be so free of suspicion that he didn't mind having me work with a Maik-ling!

28. Fenfang is the tallest of the Maik-lings, thin and athletic, with a concave tummy over the belt of her "apparatus". Like all the rest, her skin is evenly tanned from constant exposure to the sun and the elements, and her nipples are permanently erect, hard brown pebbles on medium-sized breasts. Her feet are broad and strong, toes widely spread, my guess is from a lifetime without shoes. If they do live in the hills I imagine those feet have walked or run or climbed over lots of rough terrain. While I got the scooter out of the garage she waited silently and patiently, with that odd kind of dignity the Maik-lings all possess. She helped me load the loops of wires, with no sign of strain, with her toughened bare hands (I had to use gloves). Like I said, these girls are strong. I also have to say that they all have very pretty faces.

29. The power plant is a squat little building over the hill from the school, about 500 yards away. It was a little above freezing that day, with patches of snow here and there. The paths had been cleared and it hadn't snowed in a while, and the sun felt pretty warm, so I figured being outside wouldn't be too harsh on this naked girl, knowing the resistance to cold she already possessed.

30. We climbed up the ladder to the top of the plant and I immediately saw that there was still over a foot of snow up there. It went up to her knees. She helped me heft the loops up and we worked quietly together separating the wires, my overcoat and shirt and gloves next to her bare shoulders and bare breasts and bare hands, my pants next to her bare legs, my boots and thermal socks next to her freezing bare feet buried in the snow. I worried about her getting frostbite or hypothermia and wanted to hurry it up, but electricians must do things slowly and carefully. At one point she braced herself by spreading her legs wide and putting one foot up on the chimney, her snow-encrusted toes grabbing the little ledge. I was discreet but as she turned away from me I got a good look at her apparatus and noticed that the dildos are held in place via a tie-on brace device which leaves the base of the dildo visible, probably on purpose. Fenfang's front dildo was purple, the one in her rectum was pink. I still can't get over how big those things are, thicker than a normal penis both front and rear. Each had numbers of several digits which unfortunately I can't remember. They must have metal inside but the exterior seemed to be hard plastic. The straps are made of some kind of fiberglass braiding.

31. I hopped down through the chute and called up to Fenfang to push the wires through the conduit. There were 27 of them, each separately coded. This little building is heated and I felt pretty miserable, standing there inside fully clothed and actually starting to sweat, while a poor naked girl was freezing outside in the snow up on the roof. I tried to think of how we could switch positions but she wouldn't know where to connect the wires. To make things worse the job took longer than I expected because the junction box covers were stuck and hard to pry off. I was inside that little building for half an hour. I couldn't see Fenfang from where I was but I wondered if she was rubbing her arms up there, or hugging herself, or wiggling her toes, or somehow trying to get warm.

32. Finally I finished and climbed up. There was no question that Fenfang felt the cold. She was shivering, her whole body covered with goose bumps. I ventured to say, "Everything o.k. up here?" She nodded, quickly and automatically. It was at that point that the bell rang, marking the end of fourth period. She gasped as the humming started. I wanted to get her someplace inside and warm but there was nothing I could do as she shuddered, this time not from the cold but from the intense stimulators deep within her. She writhed and fell to her knees. "Ohh -- ohh -- OHHHH!" Within a few seconds she crested into orgasm, making what sounded like choking noises as every spasm shook her to the core. As I've noted, the humming continues during orgasm and goes right on afterwards when stimulation is intensely not desired (para. 9). At this point the girl fell to all fours and, to my horror, started shreiking so loud that it hurt my ears. The screams continued as she was driven to a second orgasm within a few seconds. We were far away from the school and it occurred to me that every Maik-ling wanted to scream aloud like this; their cries and moans in the school were strangled versions of these shreiks. I thought of the iron willpower and self-control these girls must have, smothering the expression of the great thudding waves of pleasure (?) they were feeling.

33. Fenfang finished her second orgasm and then began crying like a baby (with all the lung-power that connotes). Her howls were as loud as her screams. She fell over, her arms and legs twitching and waving as if swimming in the snow which almost covered her now, or trying to escape the buzzing monsters within. And now, to my further surprise, she looked up at me through anguished, tear-filled eyes. I could not mistake that look. Out of the depths of her dire distress she was begging for rescue. But of course I could not do a thing to help her. Was I being observed? Was there a surveillance camera present? I knew the Chinese put them in unexpected places. I couldn't even be seen watching her ordeal. It was incredibly callous but my only option was to turn away. I gathered the tools and ropes and threw them down to the scooter. I went down and sat behind the wheel and waited. Her crying was different from the shreiks during orgasm, so I could count the climaxes. She suffered (yes, that's the only word for it) through six of them before the three minutes were up and the humming stopped.

34. It has been announced that, beginning in two weeks, sixth period will be extended by ten minutes, so as to give the students more study time for final exams. This may well be true but it also means the Maik-lings will endure an extra ten minutes of being driven to orgasm on the cold, dusty floor of the foyer. As noted previously, their grades are excellent, in spite of not being allowed a clear head during sixth period. They must do extra study at their home(s), wherever that is.

35. I doubt whether Maik-lings can converse or concentrate while being "buzzed". Occasionally I see another student chatting with one during the three minutes between periods, but it's always small talk. Their orgasms are so strong as to be debilitating, as I saw with Fenfang up on that roof. Certainly I have never seen a Maik-ling pull out a book or a tablet while writhing on that floor during sixth period.

36. I'm glad I caught this memo before it went out because I have one more thing to report. ZhenZhen has disappeared.

[end]



