When Dean woke the next morning, he was alone. He blinked up at the ceiling several times and vaguely remembered hearing, in a post-coital haze, a door slamming and a motorcycle revving up.

He punched the pillow twice to make it more comfortable, then rolled over to his right side. In front of his eyes was the motel's cheap nightstand with his second-best hunting knife sticking straight out of it, driven an inch deep into the surface of the wood. Dean's first reaction was to drop his arm down to the place where the mattress met the box spring, where the knife should have been safely stowed. Not there. Of course not, because it was right in front of his face.

Levering himself up on one arm, Dean looked closer. Stuck between the knife and the splintered table was a piece of paper, with a brief note in messy, completely un-girly handwriting: if you still want in, meet me at the diner at 11 tonite.

Dean rolled over and shut his eyes again. Working with Faith, taking her information at face value, putting his life in danger based on her word, was a terrible idea. But he had all day to think about that. Right now he was sore and dehydrated and a little sticky, and sleep sounded like a great plan.

He was awakened again by his phone ringing, a tinny electronic guitar riff in the quiet room. He squinted into the dim light of the room, which seemed incredibly bright, and fumbled blindly on the floor before finding his jeans and pulling the phone out of the pocket.

"Hello?"

"Dean? It's Bobby. I got the info you were lookin' for, here."

Dean stared at the plain beige wall, trying to shake the sleep from his mind. What had he been looking for?

"'Fraid it's not real useful, though. The motorcycle is registered to a dead woman."

Dean stood up abruptly and began to pace as he listened.

"One Faith Lehane. Says here she was killed last year, trying to escape from prison."

"Brown hair, brown eyes?" Dean asked. "About five-six?"

"Yep," Bobby said. "Pretty little thing."

"It say what she was in for?" Dean asked, and on the other end of the line he could hear papers rustling for a few seconds before Bobby answered.

"Murder One, three counts. With assault, theft, and a whole mess of other stuff."

"Huh." Dean stopped in the middle of the room and scratched his belly. He could've asked Bobby to try to find a photo, but he really didn't need to. He knew who she was. And she'd seemed pretty alive the last time he'd seen her. Definitely not a spirit or a zombie. He'd checked her flesh himself, thoroughly. "The registration on the bike: is it up to date?"

There was more rustling over the line. "Well, I'll be damned," Bobby said slowly. "It is. Tags, inspection, the whole works. Done up all nice and proper."

"Don't want to get pulled over when you're dead," Dean said.

"It'd be inconvenient," Bobby agreed.

Dean thanked him for the information and hung up. All around him, the room was a shambles. Bedcovers tangled and sweaty, clothes tossed on top of the furniture, and the mess that Faith had made the day before when she searched his things. Too late, he stopped to hope that she hadn't taken anything important. On the nightstand, her note lay like a gauntlet, a challenge thrown down.

Dean yanked his knife out of the table and pocketed the note. If he was going hunting tonight, he had to be prepared.

He headed out for a round of the town archives, making only a quick stop for coffee and a jelly doughnut on the way. As much as Dean hated spending all day hunched over dusty books, there were some things he liked even less. One was going in blind. He'd been doing it too long on this job, bumbling around and following tips that led him into trouble after trouble. Dad wasn't here and neither was Sammy. Dean would have to do the research himself this time if it was gonna get done at all.

The starting point was the county records' office, for a look at the property on Tank Farm Road: who owned it, what the tanks were for, and any recent sales or disputes with neighbors.

Then it was on to the library, for a look at those dusty books. He started with the present and worked his way back through time and outward to include the town's history and its paranormal underbelly. The library was quiet, a large open room filled with books and disturbed only by the quiet sound of patrons walking back and forth on the indoor-outdoor carpeting, accented by the rustle of turning pages. A clock on the wall showed the time, but its hands turned silently, and Dean paid little attention as the hours whirled away.

When he left the library, he was armed with the pieces of a puzzle that didn't quite fit together to make a complete picture: missing children across four counties, rising crop yields, and a local crime wave that included everything from drunk and disorderly to cattle rustling.

Faith was another story, a puzzle all her own. Like a good hunt, the outline of her story was not yet clear, so that every time Dean discovered a single part of her there were ten parts that remained hidden. And like a hunt, he might never discover the entire truth about her, the whole mystery. Knowing that there was a story hidden there was half the battle, though.

He was confident that the story of the missing kids would become clear. Faith herself might not be so easy, but --he remembered the night before-- he would enjoy the hunt.

Back at the motel, Dean stripped off his jeans and t-shirt and set his amulet on the tiled counter before stepping into a steaming hot shower. He hated to admit it to himself, but he was a little nervous about tonight's hunt. When he hunted alone, he got to lay out the battle plans and call all the shots. Tonight, he would not be entirely in control. It wasn't what he was used to.

There was one surefire cure for nerves that had never failed him.

Dean let one hand slide down his soapy chest and wrap around his dick, stroking up and down slowly, one thumb drifting across the sensitive head. He thought of Faith, pushing him down on the bed and riding him like that motorcycle, her tits bouncing and her head thrown back with a big smile on her face as she fucked him. He braced one hand against the slick tile wall and came, shooting his load and watching it spin away down the shower drain. He breathed heavily, drawing in the wet air, catching his breath.

After a few moments, he shut off the water and grabbed a towel off the rack. Faith was still on his mind, the hunt was still approaching, but the sharp edge of anxiety was gone. He felt calm, in control. Whatever this night threw at him, Dean knew he could handle it.

At ten-thirty, Dean pulled the Impala to the curb outside the diner, a half-hour before he was supposed to meet Faith. He'd been wearing down the motel's carpet with pacing, and it was getting him nowhere. There was nothing worse than hunting on an empty stomach; he might as well get some dinner. Inside, he took a seat at the booth in the corner, keeping his back to the wall so that he could see her when she came in, and ordered a burger and fries, with another piece of peach pie.

Faith blew in forty minutes later, nothing about her subtle at all. She had her leather pants on again, shining blue-black in the cheerful yellow light of the diner, and all eyes followed her as she walked through the room. She slid into the booth across from Dean with a smile and a flip of her hair.

"Hey Lover," she said, stealing a fry off his plate. "You ready to rumble?"

"I'm always ready," Dean said, meeting her eyes with a grin. She was wearing her heavy makeup, eyes ringed with thick dark paint and lashes long and black. She looked more like a girl on her way to a club than like someone bound for a fight, but Dean didn't mind. Her eyes were a rich chocolate brown with an excited gleam in them, and she held his gaze steadily without looking away. That told him more than anything else -- she was as ready as he was to kick ass and take names. Maybe more so.

Faith grinned at him, flashing a dimple in her cheek, and slid out of the booth. She walked out of the diner with a switch in her step, hips swaying from side to side. Dean grabbed a twenty from his wallet and dropped it on the table and then followed her out the door, staying well behind so he could watch her go.

Her bike was parked at the curb, but when Dean stepped outside he found Faith leaning against his car. In the dark street, basking in the reflected light of the diner, the woman and the machine were two of a kind. Strong lines, sexy curves, sharp edges. Wrapped in black, all dressed up in lipstick and a fresh coat of wax, and ready for a night on the town. It was a pretty picture.

One part of him appreciated the vision in leather and chrome in front of him, but another part of Dean's mind was thinking murder one, three counts. Even as he opened the door and sat behind the wheel, and Faith slid into the passenger seat next to him, he realized that this might be the biggest mistake of his life. He knew next to nothing about this chick, and most of it was bad. On paper, trusting her made no sense at all.

Then, nothing in Dean's life made sense on paper. He twisted the key and the Impala roared to life beneath him. Zeppelin poured out of the stereo, Faith rested her booted feet on the dash, and Dean didn't bother to stop her. It was going to be a good night, he told himself. If not, he was in some serious trouble.

They were quiet for a few minutes, no sounds filling the car but the rumble of the engine and Robert Plant singing about California. Dean snuck a glance at Faith as he drove. She looked supremely relaxed, feet up and spine curled into a slouch, but her fingers twitched and tapped out the rhythm of the song against her knee with a kind of nervous energy that told a different story. He took girls out to dinner sometimes in the Impala, dressed up in perfume and lace, pretending at romance. Faith was pretty much the opposite of that. And they were going hunting, not to some kind of attempt at normalcy that could never go anywhere. It was a long time since he'd been hunting with anyone not named Winchester. Hell, since he'd been hunting with anyone at all. It was a good feeling, having someone else in the car. Good enough that it was making him ignore all kinds of danger signs, but Dean pushed that thought away. He couldn't afford distractions tonight.

They reached the outskirts of town, and Dean paused for a moment at an intersection where one blinking yellow light hung suspended above the street and four empty roads stretched away into the distance. A huge full moon shone down, lighting the hills and buildings in the darkened town. He pulled through and headed in the direction of Tank Farm, where they'd been yesterday. Based on his research at the library earlier that day, there was something strange going on at that place. He opened his mouth to share what he'd learned with Faith, but she spoke first.

"All right, here's the plan, Pretty Boy," Faith said suddenly. "I'll go in first; you watch my back." She was calm, confident, sure of herself. There was no question in her voice. "You get the hostage, then get out of the way before the real fireworks start."

Dean's jaw tightened, but he didn't say anything. "And one more thing," she said. "These nuts are human. No guns."

"That's a shitty plan," Dean observed conversationally after a moment of silence.

"Take it or leave it," she said cheerfully.

He was almost tempted to say he'd leave it. "What d'you need me for?" he asked, trying not to sound like a whiny bitch.

"You're for later," Faith said in a sultry voice, running a hand up his arm. Dean kept his eyes on the road. "You watch my back, all right? Backup's no good if I gotta worry about you, too."

Dean let that go for a few seconds and then responded, changing the subject. "What are we talking about here, cult sacrifice?" he asked. He knew she was right about backup. It wouldn't work if she couldn't trust him, and they hadn't worked together enough for that. Plus, if he pushed the issue, he really would be a whiny bitch. That didn't mean he liked the plan.

"Yep," she answered, showing no surprise in the question or the change of subject. "Full moon, so I guess they'll do the deed tonight." She drew one finger across her throat to illustrate.

In the county records, Dean had found Farm Bureau data going back fifty years, and there had been a big jump in crop yields in just the last eight, with no noticeable cause. The increase was big enough that it wasn't just new fertilizer or a uniquely specialized crop rotation. Coincidentally, there had been a lot more kidnappings and mysterious disappearances around Placerville in that time. Fewer homeless people, too. All that, combined with what he'd seen out at the farm the other day, pointed to a fertility ritual. He hadn't been sure they'd time the sacrifice to the full moon, but it made sense.

He turned the car off the main highway and headed up the narrow road which led past the squat metal tanks. In the moonlight, they looked more than ever like something out of a sci-fi movie, gleaming with bluish light amidst the tall grass. When they got to the gate where he'd turned in the other day, Faith pointed up the road toward the low hills in the distance and said, "Keep going."

The road grew increasingly rough as they went, and Dean slowed the car, wincing as he heard gravel kicking up against the undercarriage. They rattled on past more tanks, each one just like the one before, bordered by a strong fence, topped with round spirals of barbed wire. The fence was more than anyone would need to keep their cattle from escaping, a lot more than the neighboring farms had.

As they left the tanks behind, they reached the low hills which had seemed so far away before. The landscape was dotted with oak trees, scarce at first and then closer and closer together. It was here that Faith finally directed him to stop, below an old tree growing outside the fence, casting its branches out across the road. The moonlight was so bright that there was a deep pocket of shadow under the tree's branches, and Dean pulled the Impala around, close to the trunk.

Faith climbed out and stretched like a cat, and Dean was reminded once again of his first impression of her, as a predator stalking prey. The image seemed more appropriate than ever, out in the country away from the lights of town. She grinned at him over the top of the car, dark lips shining against white teeth in the moonlight.

"Come on," she said, jerking her head in the direction of the trees. Against every kind of logic Dean knew, he followed.

Leaves and acorns crunched underfoot as they walked through the trees. Faith carried no visible weapons, and her arms swung easily at her sides. Dean had a long knife strapped to his ankle and a set of brass knuckles in his pocket, and tucked into the waistband of his jeans he carried his Glock, contrary to Faith's instructions. He didn't intend to shoot anyone if he could help it, but well -- sometimes a hunter had to do things in the line of duty that they wouldn't do in the light of day. Faith would just have to understand, he told himself.

Walking side by side, Dean and Faith crested a hill, and their objective was suddenly right in front of them. Gnarled, ancient oak trees formed the border for a perfectly round clearing, and in the center was a bonfire which threw light onto everything surrounding it. Circling the fire was a ring of figures robed in brown, swaying and chanting over the crackling of the flames.

Faith stopped Dean with a hand to his arm, then pointed off to the right, signaling that he should skirt the edge of the clearing. He nodded, and crouched low to pass by the group without being seen.

About a third of the way around, he stopped behind the trunk of a large tree. He could still see Faith's position to one side of the bonfire, so he'd be in position to back her up. On the other side was an old man in a white robe, closer to the flames than the other figures, who seemed to be leading the chanting.

What he did not see was a hostage. If this was a cult sacrifice, where was the victim?

The flames danced in front of his eyes and the men chanted and the figure in white raised his arms to the heavens, and Dean began to worry seriously for the first time that day.

A sacrifice with no victim, and a demon hunter without a target waiting in the wings? Convenient.

Dean had always expected to end his life in a blaze of glory, not as fresh meat led to the slaughter by a great pair of tits. He would not be a sacrifice to some no-name fertility goddess. If Faith thought that a few rounds between the sheets was enough to earn his unconditional trust, she had another think coming. Sure, he'd followed her into this, but nothing was holding him here.

He was about to turn tail and run away in a brave and manly way, when Faith stepped into the clearing.

The brightness of the flames meant that everything around the fire was lit up brilliantly, but the shadows under the trees were dark and complete. It seemed almost as if Faith was appearing out of nowhere when she stepped from the darkness. She came up behind the two guys who were closest to her and grabbed them by the fabric of their shapeless brown robes, knocking their heads together with such force that one of the men actually lifted off his feet. Then she pushed them back toward their original position, hard, so that each banged into the next man in line and created a domino effect, knocking over several more guys in robes before they had a chance to react.

When the initial surprise wore off, though, there was none of the melee of confusion that Dean would've expected from a group faced with such an unexpected disruption. The robed people stopped their chanting and divided into teams, then rushed Faith together, engaging her all at once.

She handled them easily at first, using that same uncanny speed and strength that Dean had observed the other day, spinning into kicks that struck with such force that they sent men flying backwards into the waiting crowd of enemies. After the first three, he realized she was doing it on purpose, turning one dispatched fighter into a projectile to take out two or three others waiting in the wings.

Once again, Dean was amazed to see her fight -- mesmerized and a little turned on, too. It was like watching a Bruce Lee movie in person, a constant impression of wow, did you just see that? combined with I heard he does his own stunts, can you believe it?, only this time instead of Bruce Lee there was a hot chick who Dean could picture naked with a high degree of accuracy.

There were nearly thirty of the robed men, and Faith was in constant motion as she fought them, leaving a trail of stunned and unconscious bodies behind her. Even more impressive to Dean was the fact that she was using no weapons he could see, not even the one environmental advantage he'd fully expected to be brought into play, the bonfire. Had it been him, he would've begun by throwing a couple of those guys right into the fire, just to see how fast their cheap brown robes went up in smoke, but Faith stuck strictly to the narrow strip of ground between the trees and the flames, and seemed satisfied to knock them down until they could not get back up again.

He remembered her saying These nuts are human, and he shook his head. He'd seen a lot of human beings do some pretty awful things, and killing off kids to increase your own farm profits was pretty damn awful. As far as he was concerned, the world wouldn't be much worse off if those fuckers bit the dust, human or not.

No sooner had the thought entered his mind than he noticed the white-robed leader was moving, striding across the clearing toward Faith with purpose. When he was still halfway across the clearing from her, silhouetted against the bright glow of the fire, the leader raised his arm. He had a gun pointed directly at Faith.

Dean reached for his own gun, drawing and cocking it fast, but it wasn't fast enough. There was no clear shot between the mass of writhing, moving bodies in the fight, and Faith herself was between him and the leader.

Hoping to get a better angle on the shot, Dean moved to his left, back under cover of the trees, keeping his gun trained on the leader. He'd only gone about two paces when the man fired. Faith jerked in response, the man smiled, and Dean knew the shot had hit its target.

Faith twisted around, and as she did so Dean saw firelight glint off something metallic protruding from her shoulder. There was no gaping hole or spreading pool of blood, and he breathed a sigh of relief. She frowned, and reached one arm over her opposite shoulder to remove the projectile, and looked at it with a little frown on her face.

A split second later, she was tackled by at least three of the cult members, and this time instead of fighting them off like Bruce Lee, she flew forward and landed on her face in the dirt. The tiny metal object bounced from her outstretched hand, and Dean saw it clearly for the first time. It was a tranquilizer dart.

As soon as Faith's body landed in the dirt and lay still for a few moments, a cheer erupted from the robed men. Two of them held her drugged body down, while another appeared with a length of heavy chain and bound her hand and foot. Dean could tell that these guys had come prepared with special equipment, and they were taking no chances on letting Faith escape.

When they'd arrived, the cult members had been spread in an even circle around the fire. Now they all gathered around Faith, pushing each other out of the way to get a good look at her chained and unconscious body. Dean could hear an excited babble arising from the group, and he saw many of them slap each other on the shoulder and shake hands, congratulating each other on the capture.

Soon, the cheers died down and the voice of the leader echoed across the clearing. "Lady!" he cried, facing the fire with both arms upraised, addressing it as if it was a living entity. "Oh, generous Lady of the hills, in honor of your wondrous and continued bounty, we present you with a sacrifice befitting your greatness." He paused dramatically, and Dean rolled his eyes. These cult worshippers were all the same. "We bring you -- the Slayer!"

"The Slayer!" echoed the brown-robed guys in creepy unison, or at least the ones who were still conscious, which was about half.

Keeping his gun raised, Dean stepped back farther under cover of the trees, out of sight of the cultists. In the car, Faith told him get out of the way before the fireworks start. That had been a shitty plan from the start, anyway. He was involved now, whether she liked it or not. With the super-powered one out of the way -- Slayer, he thought to himself -- it was time for a lowly human to get the job done.

The ground began to shake slightly beneath Dean's feet, and a low rumble of noise drifted through the air. Above his head, oak leaves rattled on the branches, and a few shook loose and rained down around him.

The rumble of noise grew louder and louder, until it sounded like thunder. Spasms shook the ground in waves, and Dean reached out a hand and braced himself against a tree to keep his balance. Around the fire, the cultists were making no such effort. Only the white-robed leader was still standing; the brown-robed followers had all sunk to their knees and pressed their faces to the dirt.

Beyond the fire, Dean sensed movement against the sky, an indistinct shape of black against midnight blue. As it grew closer, the flames threw up light to meet it, and Dean could see a huge greenish face illuminated against the treeline. With two more thundering steps, it drew even with the edge of the clearing and then stopped.

Dean had never seen anything like this. Based on the crop yields and the cult guys themselves, he'd been expecting some kind of fertility goddess, but in his experience those were usually a lot more human-shaped. With really big breasts. This thing looked nothing like the overgrown belly-dancer they'd tangled with in Mobile. It was like some cross between a tree and a T-Rex, with hungry eyes and a huge jaw wrapped in rough bark, and clawlike arms draped in leaves and moss.

"Lady!" the leader exclaimed, lifting his arms higher. The followers repeated after him, pressing their faces closer to the ground. The Lady -- if that's what she was -- opened her mouth in a sick smile, revealing rows of pointed brown teeth, and Dean shuddered.

"Lady, we present you with a gift befitting your wondrous favors!" the leader crowed. He was repeating himself already.

"The Slayer," the tree lady said, her voice so low and thick it could barely be understood. A chill ran down Dean's spine at the sound, and the hair on the back of his neck stood on end. "This is the one? You are sure?"

"We are certain, my lady," the leader assured her. "We have tested her and found her abilities to match those of the prophecy."

"Excellent," said the goddess. "Bring her to me."

Crap, thought Dean. He was really going to have to go through with this. He checked the safety and raised the Glock to eye level, then lifted it further to sight down the barrel at the tree-thing's hideous gaping mouth.

Two of the cultists moved around to his left, bowing and scraping and lifting Faith's bound figure to feed her to the thing. For all her power and energy, she seemed oddly tiny now that her body was still. When the two men lifted her, holding her body between them, her figure was dwarfed by their broad shoulders and flowing robes, where a moment before she had been all action and motion, and she'd seemed to overpower the men by sheer will.

Dean stepped out of the shadow toward the goddess and fired. He held his gun with both hands to keep it steady, squeezing off five shots in quick succession.

His aim was good, and the gun fired true. The shots found their destination, hitting rapidly one after another. They sank into the thing's barklike hide, bits of wooden flesh flying off on impact.

Nothing happened.

Not what he'd been looking for, anyway. Dean had been hoping to injure the damned thing. Instead, she let out what might've been a low, grating laugh. Like her face, the sound was a twisted parody of nature, totally incompatible with the idyllic oak clearing, and Dean's skin crawled.

"Pathetic hubris," she said, voice thick like rain in the forest. "Your human weapons cannot harm me." She stepped forward toward him, and the ground shook under her feet. Dean wished for a chainsaw. Human weapon or not, he bet it could do a lot of damage. Still, the gun was the best he'd brought; he'd have to do better if he wanted to get rid of her.

"Bring her!" she commanded her followers. "Get him!" Dean glanced over in their direction. Several of the cultists began to rush him at her orders, and he stepped back toward the fire, using it for defensive positioning. He could feel the heat of the fire through his jacket, growing hotter with each inch, but this way the cultists could not rush him without risking the flames themselves. With his back to the flames, he could keep his focus on Faith.

The two men carrying Faith began moving again, walking slowly and awkwardly around the circle toward the tree-thing, as she had ordered. They would have to pass right by Dean as they made their way around the fire to get to her, though.

It seemed like the worst way to make a sacrifice that Dean could remember seeing. Though these local gods were a lot of things -- vain, theatrical, bloodthirsty -- they were rarely stupid. Something else was going on here, and Dean had an idea what it was. He didn't stop to analyze, just followed his instincts and stepped into the clearing with his gun drawn.

"Stop right there," he said, leveling the barrel at the two men carrying Faith. "This might not hurt her," he nodded toward the tree-thing, which definitely did not seem at all female. "But I bet human weapons will hurt you guys."

They stopped, which was answer enough.

"Bring her!" The tree-thing repeated, her voice quaking with hunger and impatience. Dean fought the urge to cover his ears.

The two men looked at each other, as if they were unsure of what to do. Dean lowered his gun a fraction of an inch and fired, sending a bullet into the kneecap of the man closest to him. This time, there was an immediate effect: the man howled in pain and dropped his grip on Faith's legs, clutching his own knee as blood spread across the fabric of his robe.

Sorry, Faith, Dean said silently. She'd said "no guns," but he figured she'd prefer a little collateral damage to getting crushed by that thing's enormous teeth.

Dean glanced at the other man, left holding Faith's arms. "Drop her," he said, "and get him out of here." He motioned at the two men with his gun. The guy obeyed quickly, leaving Faith's body in a cleared space next to the bonfire's leaping flames.

"Come and get her," he said loudly, turning to face the tree monster.

She hesitated for a split second, then strode forward, her path indirect as she strode around the curve of the clearing, giving the fire a wide clearance. The ground shook under her feet, and behind him the cultists trembled with awe, but Dean's own fear was gone now.

He flipped the safety on the Glock and shoved it in his back pocket, then lunged to the side and pulled a branch from the edge of the fire. He couldn't approach the goddess directly or Faith would be vulnerable to the cultists, and he couldn't stay too close or she would just reach right around him with those giant tree-branch arms. He stood as far away from Faith as he could, several paces separating them across open ground, with his makeshift torch upraised.

The goddess strode toward him quickly. She did not pause as she drew closer, but actually seemed to quicken her pace as if her plan was to force him out of the way with her bulk and speed.

At close range, she was tall enough that Dean could no longer see her twisted face. His vision was filled with the gigantic stems that formed her feet and legs, thick knotted trunks each bigger around than his whole body, wrapped in moss and vines. If one of those came down on top of him, he'd be done for.

Impatiently, he pushed the thought away. He might not be able to see her face, but he knew where to aim. There was only time for one shot here, so it would have to be a good one.

Reaching back, Dean tensed his muscles and hurled his torch in a high arc directly toward her midsection. The branch flew end-over-end through the air, a bright ember in the dark night.

When the flaming branch collided with her body, sparks flew out in every direction. The torch's light flickered and grew dim for a moment. But only a moment. As the branch fell away, the sparks caught in the moss and bark that covered her wooden body.

She stopped in her tracks and tried to use her hands and arms to beat out the flames, but the sparks only spread from her torso to the leaves and small branches that formed her fingers. Flames licked up one side of the gigantic torso and down the other, consuming first the bits of leaves and moss and then the bark that covered her.

It wasn't long before the goddess began to scream.

Her voice was somehow deep and shrill at the same time, a scream of terrible force that echoed across the landscape, edged with panic. This time, Dean didn't try to fight the urge; stripped of his only effective weapon, he covered his ears with both hands and backed away as flames spread across the body of the enormous figure in front of him. He could see her former worshippers running from her as quickly as they could move, some tripping over their robes as they went.

Walking backwards, unable to keep his eyes off the fiery body of the tree lady, Dean nearly fell over Faith's unconscious form. He stooped and touched his fingertips to her neck. The pulse beat strong just below the surface, but she didn't wake.

Dean stooped and lifted Faith in his arms, still wrapped in the cultists' chains. She seemed much smaller and lighter like this, unmoving and unresponsive. He'd held her up only the night before, pressed her against the motel room's flimsy door as he fucked her, but she'd seemed weightier then.

He shrugged and stood straighter, lifting her more securely, then turned and headed for the treeline. When he reached it, he stopped for a moment to look back.

Beside the center of the clearing was a towering pillar of fire, burning hot with orange and blue flames, hardly even recognizable as a walking, talking being. As he watched, the pillar collapsed with a final scream. What was left of the goddess's body fell apart in pieces and landed half in the bonfire her worshippers had built for her earlier that same day. On the edges of the clearing, the cultists scattered into the night, and Dean followed suit.

It was hard to run carrying an unconscious body, but Dean moved as fast as he could, cradling Faith's head against his chest. When he reached the car, he unlocked the door and settled her across the backseat as carefully as he could before sliding behind the wheel. He'd pick the locks on those chains later; for now he just had to get the hell out of here. He put his foot down on the gas pedal and pulled away in a storm of gravel.

He had not even reached the highway into town before Faith was stirring behind him. In the rearview mirror, he could see her body shifting on the back seat. She made a soft, confused noise in the back of her throat before she was fully awake. A few moments passed, and then once she was conscious Dean heard, "... the fuck?"

"Tranq gun," Dean answered, looking again into the rearview mirror and finding her eyes there. "And you know..."

"Chains."

"Yeah."

He didn't mention the way they'd been so excited to capture Faith, or ask why they'd called her Slayer. He didn't bring up the fact that the State of California thought she was dead. Everyone had secrets in this business, and if he started asking questions he might have to answer some, too.

She blinked slowly before responding. "What about the sacrifice? The victim."

"You were it, Sweetheart."

She turned her head and looked out the window as darkened fields and cattle pastures rolled past. "That's why the tranqs," Dean explained. "They were gonna feed you to a giant tree."

In the backseat, he heard the chains clink together a few times, and then a loud clang. The chains fell to the floor of the car. Dean tried not to think about what must've just happened, but it came to him anyway: she'd just pulled those things apart like they were paper.

She laughed, and when Dean looked up, he saw her face dimple up in the rearview mirror. "Good thing you had backup," he said.

"Mmm, very good," she agreed, sliding a hand across his shoulder. Next thing he knew she was climbing over the back of the bench seat into the passenger spot, the leather of her pants squeaking against the Impala's upholstery.

She traced two fingers up his thigh, upward along the inseam of his jeans. Dean shifted to allow her access, widening his knees as he licked his lips. Tension pulsed through his muscles, already full of adrenaline from the fight, and it didn't take much to get the blood racing in his veins again.

"How could I ever thank you?" she purred in his ear, and he was hard in a second.

Still sliding one hand up and down his inner thigh, Faith brought her other hand over and popped open the buttons on his fly deliberately, one by one.

Dean shifted the car into the right lane and eased off the gas, tilting his hips up to her hands, in no hurry to get back.

Faith pulled his jeans open and reached inside to free his cock, aching with anticipation already. She leaned down, her head between Dean's navel and the steering wheel. He felt her hair brush against his belly, and a warm breath of air on his skin. Then he felt nothing but tongue and lips and warm, wet suction.

He struggled to keep the Impala between the highway lines as Faith's head bobbed in his lap. Her lips were wrapped tight around his cock, tongue massaging him slowly and with intent. In the back of her throat, she moaned hungrily. Dean's eyelids fluttered with arousal and he struggled to keep them open, swearing aloud. Faith just laughed and drew him into her mouth even farther.

She knew what she was doing, sucking him in like a pro, like she was born to do this. Her mouth was a slick slide on his cock, hot and wet. Dean bit his lip, gripping his hands on the wheel until his knuckles were white, determined not to crash the car only because it might make Faith stop what she was doing and nothing would be worth that.

The world narrowed until the only things in it, all that mattered, were Faith's mouth and her tongue and her lips and the steering wheel in his hands like a lifeline. He arched his back, every muscle screaming with tension, body shifting restlessly in the tight space. All the while, Faith kept sucking him in, never backing off, hungry for anything he could give her. One small hand reached down between his legs and cupped his balls through the jeans, rubbed softly once and then again, and Dean let out a groan and came.

Faith swallowed, her throat pumping him dry, and Dean let the car slow to a crawl, breathing harshly through his mouth.

"Damn," he said. All the nerves, all the tension and anger and defensive energy had drained out of him, leaving him warm and calm and pleasantly loopy. "You are an angel."

Faith laughed low and throaty as she sat up. "That's a new one," she said.

A car flew by them in the left lane, its horn blaring out an insult as it passed. Dean turned the wheel and stepped on the gas again, a little reluctantly.

"Gimme your hand," Faith said, and drew his right arm away from the wheel, pressing his palm between her legs. Dean bit his lip and kept his eye on the road as he felt the heat seeping through the leather.

She put one of her own hands over his, pressing the heel of his hand to the center seam of her pants, tilting her hips and riding hard. With her other hand she squeezed her breast, pinching the nipple. It didn't take long. She arched her back once, twice, three times and she was panting out her climax, little moans and curses punctuating the shudders of her hips.

Dean opened his mouth and then shut it again silently, breathing out through his mouth. He wanted to talk but no words came into his mind, as if he'd forgotten every one he'd ever known.

"Hells yeah," she said. "I need a cigarette." And then she let go of his hand and moved away across the seat, rolling the window down and producing a pack he didn't even know she'd brought along, lighting one up and drawing in smoke like it was the elixir of life.

The Impala rolled into Placerville slowly, moving down the main street like a queen greeting her subjects, as Dean tried to remember which crappy motel he'd booked a room in.

Finally he found the right place and pulled up to the room. He opened the door and felt a cold draft, then looked down to find his jeans still open and his soft dick poking out of the gap in the fabric. Faith laughed as she got out of the car and slammed the door, and he buttoned up hastily and went to unlock the door.

She seemed to treat it as natural that he'd driven to his own hotel room, even though Dean would have taken her to her own room if he'd actually given it any thought. He toed off his boots and unstrapped the knife, laid the Glock on the nightstand next to the splinters left over from Faith's note just that morning. In the bathroom the shower started to run.

Dean felt calm, his muscles warm and sated. In his mind, he replayed the image of the tree-goddess-thing melting away into flames and ash, and he smiled. Then he stripped off his shirt, and went to join Faith in the shower.

This time, when Dean woke he was not alone.

It had been so late when they finally tumbled into bed that he'd gotten only a few hours' sleep. He opened his eyes to find Faith sitting at the desk, exactly where he'd found her the night before when she broke into his room. She was wearing nothing but a pair of black panties and one of his thin cotton undershirts. One knee was bent and her arm wrapped around her leg to rest on her foot, fingers restlessly moving back and forth across her toes.

"Yeah," she said in a soft voice. "A giant tree." Dean realized she was talking on her cell phone, but her voice was quiet enough that he could only make out a few words here and there. He wondered what kind of person she would call. He rolled to his side, propping himself up on one elbow to watch her, and she caught his eye and nodded a greeting.

"Right," she said into the phone, and then paused as if she was listening. "Uh-huh, a tranq gun."

Dean realized she must be checking in with someone, the way he would call his dad after a hunt. Somewhere, this woman who seemed so wild and free had an anchor that tied her to earth. It was another unexpected detail, sprung on him just when he thought he finally had this girl figured out. There was just no way to nail her down.

"Hey, it was no sweat," she said. Dean raised his eyebrows, and she winked at him in response. "Yeah, turns out trees burn."

She smiled with a softness that Dean hadn't seen before, her head turning down and away from him a little, looking pleased. "Yeah, yeah, you too," she said.

Then it was just, "Okay, see ya," and she clicked her phone shut and dropped it on the desk. She climbed onto the bed, crawling on hands and knees across the rumpled covers to Dean, then pressing her body along the length of his.

"You wanna go to Needles, Lover?" she asked, dragging her tongue across his neck.

"What's in Needles?" he asked, wrapping an arm around her waist and pressing one knee between her thighs.

"Sand demon," she said. "I could use some backup."

Dean tightened his arm on her waist and rolled with her, flipping them so she was pinned to the mattress beneath him.

"No way, Honey," he said, looking down into her brown eyes. "Partners."

Faith brought one hand to the back of his head and pulled his lips down to hers, then stopped at the last possible moment. When she spoke, her lips brushed against his own.

"Partners," she agreed.