Maggie’s Slutty Fantasies
by thesecretslut

MAGGIE'S SLUTTY FANTASIES CH. 09

Maggie starts to live out her fantasies.

I felt spent, but still not satisfied at the same time. I was starting to worry that my mind wanted more than my body could handle. I could still feel Benjamin's cum leaking out of me and down my thighs. As I stood back up, my legs were a little weak, but slowly started getting their strength back. Once up, I felt John's hand reach down to my pussy, rubbing his fingers around and through my lips as he inserted a finger into me, curling it and holding me in place. I could feel a pressure building inside of me again with his fat finger using me like a...well, finger puppet.

"Oh god, what are you doing?"

As soon as it started, it ended as he pulled his finger out of me, leaving me very confused and distraught.

"Open your mouth and stick out your tongue" he looked at me sternly.

I did as I was told like a good little girl, opening my mouth.

"Clean," was the only word that came out of his mouth and I knew exactly what to do.

He slowly put his finger into my mouth and I sucked it from tip to knuckle, licking at it like a dog who hadn't eaten for days. Tasting cum along with my juices and sweat on John's hand, I didn't know what degraded and turned me on more, the cum, my own or his disgusting sweat. My pussy clenching, the more turned on I got, truly showing myself, how much humiliation turned me on and even worse, I was starting to like the taste.

"Enough, enough, we're all kind of hungry now," John said pulling his finger out of my mouth with an embarrassingly loud pop, "and guess who is picking up the food."

"I can't, I'm, well, naked."

People all around seemed a bit confused as well, being naked here was one thing, but I couldn't go parading around and walking into a restaurant naked.

"Well you know the rules, and yet, you took everything off anyway."

That was true, I knew perfectly well that anything that came off, could not be put back on and I stupidly stripped, thinking with my vagina instead of my brain. I had no idea I was going outside again though. I was getting worried and had no idea what to do, my arousal now turning into panic.

"Don't worry, we'll work something out, come with me."

John took my hand and pulled me in the back, he brought me to a cardboard box and started digging through it. Some shirts, old dirty clothes and then he pulled out what looked like an old-fashioned trench coat and handed it to me.

"Here you go, let's see how it looks," John said handing me the coat.

The coat was a little long, it went down past my knees and smelled like cigarette smoke, I felt pretty well covered, except for the fact that unbuttoned it kept sliding off of my shoulder.

"Might need a few alterations."

John got a pair of scissors from a toolbox on the floor and had me take off the coat, I was once again naked, but it didn't feel unnatural at all, which kind of made me giggle at the thought. A few snips, some buttons fell, a bit of fabric as well and I was handed back what was left of the once long coat. I started blushing even before I put it on.

"Come on, we don't have all day, I'm hungry, so it's either this or nothing at all."

I quickly put on the coat the best I could before getting shuffled back through the lobby and out the front door. Not even having time to properly assess what I had just put on.

"The payment has already been taken care of, the restaurant is the deli across the street and as a punishment, you have to leave the mask here."

My heart nearly dropped, it was one thing to be naked, but at least no one would know it was me, this felt like I was truly being exposed. I took off the mask and handed it over almost feeling like a tear was welling up in my eye, I felt like the little girl that walked in here when this all began, scared and overwhelmed. I watched as John walked back into the store putting the mask into his back pocket.

"Make sure to be nice and do everything they tell you!" were the last words I heard before the door shut.

I looked down at myself, the bottom of the coat was only an inch below my butt and felt very flimsy with all the material taken off and with two of the top buttons gone, I tied the belt around the coat the best I could to keep it straight, but could barely make a knot with it since the belt had also been cut shorter. I was also showing a lot of cleavage and having a tough time keeping the bulky shoulders of the coat on mine. Any wrong move and I would be exposed, whether top, bottom or both. To my dismay, the idea was starting to turn me on and I could feel my hungry pussy start to leak its juices down my inner thighs. I had to make this quick before I got in trouble from either being exposed, making the people wait too long for their food or my arousal getting the best of me.

I was about to walk across the street when a cop car passed by and not wanting to draw unwanted attention or possible awkward questions, I decided to walk down to the corner to take the crosswalk and nearly forgot how awkward these 4-inch heels were making my journey. Every sway sending panic that I was exposing something, the air running through the sleeves and up my legs made me feel like I wasn't wearing anything at all.

"Shit!" I yelled, nearly falling forward and one of the bottom buttons popping off, the only thing now really keeping together the coat from my waist down was left of the belt and it was having its work cut out for it.

I tightened and lowered the belt a little hoping it would help, but felt a bit more restrained in my movements at the same time. I felt every move of my thighs was loosening the belt.

"Left, right, left, right," I kept mumbling to myself hoping if I was extra careful, I wouldn't trip again.

I finally made it to the corner, halfway to my destination and pressed the cross-walk button.

"Excuse me" a voice came from behind me and nearly made me jump out of my skin.

I smoothed and fixed the coat and turned around facing a guy who kind of reminded me of Rick Astley. Nerdy but cute, short hair, thin, and around the age of someone going to college.

He looked down at me and grinned, "I'm looking for the Marriott, on 5th, maybe you could help me?"

"I'm sorry, I'm kind of a tourist as well and don't know the area," I said very apologetically.

"How rude of me, I'm Daniel, by the way, my friends call me Danny for short." He reached out his hand to me to shake mine.

"Hi, my name is," as I reached out my hand the coat started slipping down my shoulder and I was just in time catching it before exposing anything, "Maggie."

He took my hand and brought it to his face kissing it instead, "sorry I couldn't resist," with our height difference I nearly tripped forward as he pulled my hand towards him.

"Sorry the light just changed," I said, but before I knew what was happening, I was being pulled/escorted across the crosswalk. It was a little faster than I would have liked with Danny holding my hand.

I focused as hard as I could on my walking, hoping not to trip, constantly holding my top, stopping it from slipping down and at the same time feeling the belt starting to loosen. I didn't know what to do and was so confused, but as the belt knot came undone, I instinctively reached down to hold the bottom of the coat together and shrugged my shoulders hoping to keep my breasts from showing as we finally made it to the other side. I quickly went to retying the belt back when we got to the other corner.

"That was a close...," Danny's sentence stopped mid as I realized what he was staring at, the top of my breasts clearly in view as one of the coat arms had slipped down almost to my left elbow.

I quickly fixed the top and blushed only thinking what this guy could have been thinking about me. Only hoping he was thinking that I was wearing some kind of sleeveless low-cut top rather than being completely naked under this coat, that I wasn't some kind of exhibitionist freak looking for a kick.

"Hey, I don't have to check into my hotel for a bit, how about I join you, where are you heading?"

"Oh, um, just to pick up lunch for the people at the store."

"Are you some kind of secretary or something?"

"Something like that..."

I didn't want to lie, but what else could I say, I'm a horny little slut, that is having a day in a glory hole store all about my utter humiliation and exposure that turns me on so much because I enjoy being used. Instead I put on a fake smile while hoping the awkward silence would end and he would just say something.

"Where are you picking up the food?"

"The deli over there," I pointed to the deli across from the store.

We finally started walking again and as we did Danny had his hand on my back guiding me to the restaurant, while I used one hand to keep the top as closed as I could and the other to keep the bottom together.

"Are you cold?" Danny was stroking my back, eyeing me as we walked to the deli, making me feel very self-conscious of my attire, "not much of a coat to keep you warm if you are."

"Didn't have much else to wear...today...you know?" I was a horrible liar and the hornier I was getting, the harder it was to come up with something to hide my predicament.

Every car that passed by felt like a tease to my body, the wind they were giving off driving pass was a tease to remind me just how naked I was underneath. I could feel the wind circling my ankles, up to my calves, over my exposed pussy and ass, it almost felt, sensual. With all the teasing I could feel myself getting wetter, leaking down my legs and worrying that my arousal could be seen and smelled a mile away. At the same time, the feeling of Danny stroking my back started to feel good and a bit calming, almost to the point that my grip on my coat starts to loosen up a little. His hand was making soft, circular, stroking motions from the top of my back to my lower back that felt almost hypnotic and without even realizing I was no longer holding the top of the coat together.

Ding!

Like I was startled out of a dream we finally made it to the deli and the front counter. How long had we been walking?

"What'll you have girlie?" the man said behind the counter with a thick Pakistani accent.

"Hi, I'm here to, mmmmmm, god," I grabbed Danny's arm, something was going on, my pussy started vibrating and the shock nearly made my legs go out.

Oh god, did John slip something inside of me before I left, I knew I was feeling a bit full but I just figured after Benjamin and him with his finger that I was just a little sore.

"Are you ok? You don't look so well," Danny said, looking concerned.

"Girlie, not going to get sick in-store, is she?"

"No, I'm just, a bit, winded, after the, long walk, here." I held on to Danny for dear life-shaking as the vibrator was doing its job in overdrive, not realizing the coat had slipped over and down my right shoulder exposing the right side of my neck and chest down to the top of my breast.

Danny put his hand on my forehead, "you do feel a bit warm, maybe you should take off the coat now that we're inside."

"Yes, don't want little girlie passing out in my store."

The vibrator suddenly stopped and I tried to regain my composure, even for a moment, fixing the coat and letting go of Danny's arm, leaning on the counter with my balance still a bit wobbly. Danny began stroking my back again, slowly and softly.

"I'm fine, I'm a long-distance runner, I can hannndddllle," the vibrator turned on just for a moment, shocking me.

"Please girlie, let me help you, take the coat off," he reached to undo a button, but I stopped him holding his hand.

"I can't!" my voice a little bit louder than I would have liked.

"Why can't you, it's perfectly fine, I'll hold your coat," Danny said trying to act like a gentleman.

"I'm not wearing anything underneath..." I whispered and mumbled under my breath, completely embarrassed to admit it to these two strangers.

"What was that girlie, I couldn't hear you, old ears, can't hear very well." The clerk moved in closer acting like he wanted to hear me better, but I think he was trying to get a better view.

"I'm not...wearing! Anything underneath..." the vibrator pulsed again as I was talking, not sure if it was a coincidence or not, but the suddenly strong vibrations were making it impossible to keep a straight face and my voice down.

The pulses kept coming like a thumping deep in my loins, like it was fucking me and each time it went off, the vibrations felt like it was hitting all the way to the back of my pussy. It was getting even harder to focus and it felt like my mind was slowly going blank.

"Show me girlie or else no food"

I leaned forward and brought my hands to the top of the coat, slowly parting the top showing that I wasn't wearing anything at all, trying to hide my breasts and keep some modesty at the same time.

"You could just be wearing slutty top, show more."

I lowered it a bit more and at the same time, Danny was pushing me closer to him, causing me to lean over the counter, not realizing the effect it was having on the bottom of the coat that was slowly rising up my ass, exposing god knows what.

"Girly liar, no food for you," the clerk said and started walking towards the back.

The vibrations finally stopped and I yelled out, "wait, wait!" quickly walking after him through the side and behind the counter.

He stopped and looked back at me, arms crossed and a look of frustration on his face, which quickly turned to a devious smile as he saw me undo the only two buttons on the coat and untie the belt, opening it and completely exposing myself to him.

"You are dirty slut I think," the clerk reached his hand out and I knew exactly what he wanted.

I removed the coat completely and handed it over to him, he circled me like a vulture looking at every inch of me, and eventually running his hands all over my body. I was so embarrassed that I could feel my heart pounding in my ears as my face and chest must have been bright red from the use. I felt his hands on my shoulders as he pushed me down to the floor and into a nook in the counter and under the register.

Ding!

"What can I get you?"

The clerk stood right in front of me, with his crotch right in front of my face.

"Take time, we have all the time in world."

He bent over and was now face to face with me, "you be good girly and suck cock and I may give you coat back and food on house."

He stood back up, but this time I could see him fumbling with his zipper and pulling out his shockingly big cock right in front of me. It was hairy, smelled sweaty and I was having second thoughts, when the vibrator came back to life and all of the disgusting thoughts were thrown into the back of my head. All I could think about was the feeling, the arousal and with one swift motion, I grabbed his cock and took it all into my mouth. The taste, texture, hairiness, I didn't care, all I wanted was to please this cock in front of me.

"Ahem," the sudden and enthusiastic blow job I was giving him must have shocked him, I almost giggled at the thought of him trying to now keep a straight face while I sucked his cock dry.

It almost felt like some kind of payback for the vibrator, running the tip of my tongue through the slit of his cock, reaching in to his pants and massaging his big hairy balls while he was servicing a customer, all the while the vibrator bringing me closer and closer to orgasm.

"Food will be ready soon, at pick up window."

The next thing I felt was his hands around my head and I was no longer in control, he was fucking my mouth fervently, the tip being shoved down my throat, the vibrator on what I could only imagine was its highest setting. I could feel his cock starting to twitch and tense and knew what was about to happen next. My left hand went down to massaging my needy tits and right was furiously rubbing my clit hoping to orgasm the same time he did.

Ding!

"Be right with you!" were the last words he said as the first spurt hit the back of my throat, causing my orgasm to hit me like an explosion.

Instead of staying in my mouth though, he pulled out, spurting all over my face and I about lost it as my eyes were rolling into the back of my head, groping my tits and rubbing my clit, mouth open wide and hips thrusting forward as an intense orgasm raptured my body. I went to give his cock one last kiss and suck to clean it but was swatted away like an annoying fly, lightly slapped in the face as if he was giving me a stern, "no".

"One moment, need to get order for customer."

I saw him quickly put his cock back into his pants and zip up. I tried to get more comfortable sitting back on my butt and getting off of my knees. The new position caused me to go into a very revealing position with my knees to my chest and my pussy wide open for view. I scooped the cum off of my face and did the only thing that came to mind. I started putting it into my mouth, enjoying the arousal it gave me of doing something so dirty. It took me a moment to realize that Danny was standing behind the counter with a perfect view and his phone pointing right at me.

"Oh my god," I was startled, I tried to cover myself, even knowing it was probably too late.

I was so embarrassed that this stranger had seen everything and I mean everything and was filming it as well. I brought, painstakingly, to look up at him again to see his reaction, but along with his phone, saw him holding a small box and the vibrator suddenly came back to life. He showed it to me and I realized he had been the one controlling the vibrator this whole time. I guess I felt kind of relieved, knowing now, that he was in on it and with the way things went, the clerk had to be in on it as well. I don't know how long I was down there before my coat was finally returned and a box of food was on the counter.

"Dirty girly stops by any time; I always have what little girly whore need."

I buttoned and tied the coat the best I could and took the box of food with me, Danny was gentleman enough to hold the door open, until he gave my butt a quick slap that sent shocks of pleasure through me. It wasn't until this week that I had ever been seen as any more than one of the guys, now I was a little girly whore that got her butt slapped. It felt different and I liked it.

With no traffic, I figured I could just walk across the street, but Danny insisted we go back the way we came, his hand stroking my back as we walked and turning the vibrator to its lowest setting, just enough to keep me in a state of arousal. The box wasn't heavy, just awkward, especially with how small of a girl I am. It kept my arms restricted to holding it, which made me even more careful as I walked.

"Let me get that for you," Danny pressed the button for the crosswalk, I was nearly there.

When we were able to cross, Danny gave me a quick pat on the butt to bring me back to reality, the surprise causing me to trip and stumble just a bit, but I managed not to fall. However, fixing the hold on the box caused the back of the coat to come right off my shoulders exposing them. I hugged the box tighter, hoping to use it to hold up the front of the coat, but that instead caused the bottom of the coat to ride up, slowly exposing what I could only imagine was a lot of ass cheek.

Honk! Honk! A few cars waiting at the light started honking at me.

"I got a package for you girl!" one guy yelled out from his car.

"Great ass slut!"

I tried to hold up the box with one hand and pull the back of the coat back down. I was able to pull it back to cover me, but at the same time, I had pulled the sleeve as well completely pulling down the top and exposing my naked back. If it wasn't for the box I was holding, everyone would have been able to see my chest. Putting my arms around the box hugging it tightly to cover them was again making the coat ride up and putting stress on the only two buttons it had and the belt. I tried to walk quicker, finally making it to the other side, but the quicker pace caused the belt to undo.

"Please Danny, can you help me," I looked at him pleadingly since my hands were too busy holding the box.

I tried quickly to put the box down to fix the coat, but it caught on one of the buttons and popped it right off and a corner of the box was now pulling on one of the pockets threatening to pop the other button as well.

"Please Danny, the last button is about to break, please help me."

"Fine, I was just told to watch, but I guess I can give you a hand."

He moved in front of me and reached under the box and to my dismay felt him undo the final button causing the jacket to open wide. My ass was covered, but my pussy was completely exposed under the box, the same box that was covering my chest and my back naked for all to see. Every step would now cause the jacket to sway exposing my ass, I was pretty much naked at this point.

"Now the last button won't pop off."

"Can we just get back already, I'm practically naked!"

The vibrator started getting stronger and my legs started to wobble, if the situation wasn't overwhelming enough, the vibrator was putting me over the edge. All of these people watching me, completely exposed and now getting off with nowhere to hide and no mask. All I could think was, I got to get back, I have to get back now. So, on my shaky legs, I continued the walk back to the store, not even looking at the cars passing by or thinking about what they could see. Blocking out the people who walked past me in shock, their faces a blur.

What felt like miles was more of a block, we finally got back to the store, I tried to open the door but it was locked and, in a panic, gave it a few kicks.

The door quickly opened and out popped John, "Oh, food delivery, it's been over half an hour, what took you so long?"

The vibrator finally stopped and I was able to catch my breath and start to think straight.

"Please, can I come in; everyone can see me."

"Whose fault is that? Walking around town practically naked for all to see," John said with a laugh not letting me in anytime soon, "Now do exactly what I say, and you can come in."

John took the box from me and put it inside, I didn't dare move without his consent.

"Turn around," he commanded and so I did.

Next, I felt him grab the coat and pull it completely down my arms and off leaving me naked.

"Now, do exactly what Danny here wants and once he is satisfied, you can come back in." I turned around to see him looking at me more serious than I ever had the last couple of days, "understood?"

"Yes sir," were the only words I could muster up, feeling like a little girl being punished by her father.

The door slammed shut as I turned around to face Danny, who had a wicked grin on his face. He pulled out his phone and pointed it at me obviously recording or taking pictures again.

"I want you to give me a big smile and act like you are having fun."

I gave the biggest fakest smile I could, nervous at the cars driving past and hoping no one would be walking by anytime soon.

"Now how are you doing today?"

"I'm doing great, the weather is beautiful and I'm having a fun time."

"Decided to take a stroll around town, without a stitch of clothing on huh?"

"What can I say, the weather was just perfect for it," I said, feeling like my cheeks were blushing. So, I tried to focus on Danny and nothing else around us.

"I'm recording this, any words for your father? I hope he won't disown you if he ever saw this."

I gave an innocent kind of look at the camera and said, "I love you, daddy!" I paused for a moment thinking what else to say, but the look of embarrassment kind of showing now, "sorry daddy!"

Danny just kept looking down at his phone, recording me and I honestly answered to him, "sorry, I don't know what else to say."

"Great last words," he stopped looking at his phone and back at me, "come with me."

He started walking to the back of the store and all I could think was, thank god, I finally get to go back in. When we finally got to the back-door, Danny grabbed hold of my arm and spun me around.

"Now you didn't think we were done yet, did you," he was on top of me with my back up against the door, "we have one more part and then you get to go back inside."

I looked at him intently, waiting for what he wanted me to do.

"Get down on your knees, you know exactly what to do."

His phone went back to pointing at me, recording again. I'm not sure if doing this all recorded without the mask was either overwhelming me with good feelings or bad or both or if I was scared or turned on or all of the above. I unzipped his jeans and reached in to find his cock already hard. I gently pulled it out and without a second thought, began sucking on it knowing that's exactly what he wanted.

"Is this what you were hoping to find today?"

"Mhmm," was all I could muster to say while sucking on his cock, which I weirdly thought was rather pristine, shaved and very clean. All I could taste was the precum coming off it, which was very mild in taste.

Wow, I sound like a penis connoisseur now, the thought making the right side of my mouth come up in a bit of a grin as I continued sucking.

"Do your parents know you enjoy stuff like this?" he asked, pulling my head off of his cock to get a better answer.

"No, they think I'm a perfect angel, waiting for marriage and don't think about sex at all," my answer eliciting a small laugh from Danny.

He put just the tip of his cock into my mouth and held it there while I looked up at him.

"How about your friends, did they know what you craved?"

He pulled his cock back out my mouth and let it just lay on my face as I answered him, "they just thought I was another one of the guys, I doubt any of them knew or wanted me, they probably thought I was just as innocent as my parents thought," I gave his cock a nice long lick after I answered not looking away from him the whole time.

With being so close to cumming again from the vibrator, the fear, the intimate exposure, the words just flowed out of my mouth without thought.

"Stand up," I stood up the best I could, my legs were practically Jell-O at this point, "turn around and bend over."

I did exactly what I was told, spreading my legs and leaning up against the door. I felt him reach between my legs and start rubbing my pussy and then felt a finger push inside me and pull out.

"You have something inside of you little girl?"

"It's a vibrator."

"Do you go out often, naked, with a vibrator inside of you."

I felt his fingers reach back inside me, trying to get it out, "every, mmmm, chance, mmmm, I get."

For the first time, I felt empty again, the vibrator was out of me and I can only guess was put into his pocket. Then I felt his cock just laying on my back.

"What do you want little girl?"

"Oh, you know exactly what I want," I said looking back and biting my lip, trying to sound seductive.

"Tell me."

"I want your hard cock inside of me," I put a finger in my mouth and sucked on it, "I want you to fuck my horny little pussy," I began to moan as he rubbed his cock up and down my wet slit, "I want you to fill me with your hot, delicious, cum and call me your little princess."

"Why princess?" he asked as his cock penetrated me.

"It's what my daddy calls me and now it's what everyone who knows I'm a slut calls me."

I saw him set the phone on the box next to us and then he pulled out of me. Before I knew what was happening, he spun me around and picked me up. My legs wrapped around him and I was once again impaled on his cock, eye to eye with him. His hands grabbed into my ass, my arms wrapped around his neck and I felt his tongue start licking and nibbling on my ear. He started fucking me, banging my back up against the door.

"Talk to me," he whispered in my ear, "tell me what you want."

His nibbling on my ear and down to my neck was driving me crazy.

"Fuck me! Oh god, fuck me!" I dug what little nails I had into his back, this was far different than anything that had happened so far, so much more intimate.

"More," he whispered again.

"Use me, I'm your slut to use, to fuck, to do whatever you want with," I was so close to cumming again, "please, I'm so close, please can I cum!"

"Beg me to fill you and I'll allow it."

"Please cum in me, please fill me with your hot cum, I need your cum inside of me!"

He shoved his cock into me right up to the base and I felt him spurt over and over again filling me with his hot seed.

"Yes! I can feel it! Your hot cum, I can feel it inside of me! I love it! Thank you! Thank you!" the thanks more for allowing me to finally cum again, but a little bit for the feeling as well. "I'm cumming!"

My back arched and I held him tight against my chest as my orgasm came at me in waves.

"That was nice, princess, thank you."

I'm not sure how long we stayed like that, but it was long enough for his cock to soften and slip out of me.

"You're welcome, sir."

He gently lowered me and made sure I was ok to stand. As I opened the door, he tapped me on the shoulder.

"One last question, Princess," I turned and looked at him expecting another cliché sex question, "do you regret anything that's happened?"

He picked up his phone again and pointed it at me. Did I regret anything that's happened, what would be the best, most honest answer to that? What is the truth?

I looked at him and smiled, "It's everything I wanted and more," and I walked back in.

