"What was that about?" asked Cinnamon as they filed from the chamber.

"Repaying a debt. I'll explain later." Jim turned to glance at Rollin with lowered eyebrows, as if to remind him that he had no business meddling any further in IMF affairs. Rollin added, "It's personal. From Halia's perspective, I acted like a real heel. I wanted to send regrets in a way she might appreciate."

They said their farewells in the front hall of the palace. Jim assured Rollin and Cinnamon that once they crossed into Turkey, they would be met by an agent with their new passports, bank accounts, employment papers...new identities. They would cross the Atlantic as different people than they were when they left. Dejectedly Willie said he didn't know how they would pull off missions in the future, but Jim assured them he had someone in mind to replace Rollin as their master of disguise -- some guy from Paris. The big man got teary-eyed as he shook their hands but Barney remained stoic, wishing them both the best of luck.

"If you don't mind my asking...where are you planning to head?" asked Willie.

Rollin and Cinnamon looked at each other. "We were thinking about renting a boat and sailing around the world," she chuckled. "Or joining a repertory theater in...where was it, Manitoba?"

"Halifax," grinned Rollin. "Otherwise, I've always wanted to fly hot air balloons. Maybe open a place in Nevada and give tours of the mountains. And Cinnamon can sell pottery."

"I guess you're going together?" Barney asked cautiously. Everyone's smiles faded as they waited for a response -- Rollin in particular. He was afraid to meet Cinnamon's eyes, but when she spoke she sounded relaxed, even happy. She reached over to squeeze his hand.

"It's a big world out there. I don't want to see it alone. No matter how many interesting men there are." That cracked smiles out of everyone. "Listen, guys, we're really going to miss you."

"Us too." Willie grabbed them both in a bear hug, crushing them together. Then the IMF agents walked away, leaving Rollin and Cinnamon by themselves.

She smiled wryly at him. "Are you sure you're not going to be upset if you find out I was raised by a nightclub dancer and a suspected Communist who might not even have been my real father?"

"Not if you won't be disappointed if my parents were immigrants who worked in sweatshops and never had a nickel for cigarettes. Not very glamorous."

"You may like to live on the edge, but I think you're a good man." Crossing her arms, Cinnamon paced a few steps away. "I haven't always been a good girl. Maybe right now you think that makes me exciting, but it might bother you one day. And I haven't stayed in one place since I left home -- it might bother me one day, too."

"Then we'll deal with that if it happens. Find a way to adjust. Even if we've never talked about this stuff, we've known each other more than three years. We've seen each other at our strung-out worst. I've never met another woman I wanted to be with like I want to be with you, and it's not just since the other night." He stepped towards her, holding out a hand. "You might think I'm an idiot but I wouldn't have been in this line of work if I didn't have faith in happy endings."

"Is that why you wanted to give Princess Halia my perfume?"

"Not me -- it's why I wanted that man to give it to her. We all have our sins. Except you and me -- we're getting a clean slate, aren't we." Irrepressibly, he grinned at her. "Will you still be my sin?"

Cinnamon's lips curled helplessly in response. Slowly her fingers closed around Rollin's. "If you'll give me a hand," she joked.

Together they turned to head toward the palace doors, to face whatever lay outside -- the taxi, then the airport, then the new identities concocted for them by the agency. "I heard about a wonderful hotel in Istanbul," Rollin suggested. "We could go to a Turkish bath, maybe cruise up the Bosphorus. I could find you some neroli oil in the bazaar. We could get to know each other better before we go home."

"Wherever home is."

"Right here." Lifting her fingers to his lips, running his tongue along the knuckles, he watched her eyes grow dark. "Or we could skip the cruise and the bazaar and just stay in the hotel."

Cinnamon gave him a smile full of promise. "It's a start."

The world lay open before them, but all he could think about was getting someplace private with her, sealing the bargain with a kiss.