CHAPTER SIX 

A week passed since that night, but Methos still didn't have a clue as to what caused the frenzied arousal in his lover. He had asked the Scot about it. Duncan, however, refused to tell him everything.

"I..." said the Highlander hesitantly. "I was just carried away by my passions."

Seeing the obvious fear in the younger man's eyes, he chose not to pry.

One morning, Methos had just finished hitching up Hesperus to his wagon for a trip into town when he saw Duncan standing at the doorway. The Scot was dressed in the clothes the blacksmith had bought for him during his last trip to the village - a light brown shirt, deep blue kilt and black leather boots. That was the reason for his delay in returning home that night.

Methos couldn't help but gaze appreciatively at the young man. He looks like a prince. Then his mind conjured up a most "unprincely" image of Duncan kneeling at his feet, naked, as he masturbated before the ancient. Methos quickly shook the vision away as the Highlander approached.

"You look wonderful, Duncan," he remarked, grinning.

A blush formed on his cheeks. "Thank you," Duncan answered shyly. "Methos, may I come with you? Please?"

"It's just a short trip to the village. I really won't be gone long."

Then, the Scot spied Venganza looking at them from the open door of the stable. There was a red gleam in her eyes.

Frightened, Duncan declared, "Please Methos? I promise I won't be a bother to you. Just don't leave me here all alone again."

In his haste to get away from the mare, Duncan didn't realize that he had already clambered on board the wagon and was seated beside the older man. He flushed a deep red, seeing the curious frown on Methos' brow.

"I'm sorry," he said sheepishly, twisting his body to the right so his foot could reach the step. "I'm going down now."

That movement caused a good length of his kilt to be caught on his right knee, that a smooth left thigh was bared for Methos' perusal.

Taking Duncan's hand, the ancient said, "No, you can come along with me."

As the Highlander settled on the seat once more, he saw that his kilt was still raised at his left thigh. Bringing his hand down, Duncan's fingers encountered Methos' knuckles, who was also hastening to fix the wayward garment.

"Allow me," Methos murmured, pulling the kilt down, his fingers trembling as he tried to avoid contact with the bare skin.

Instead, Duncan pressed his hand down over Methos', that half of the smith's palm lay over his kilt while the other half lay on his thigh.

There was a thoughtful look in his eyes. "Methos, I don't want you to be afraid to touch me. I won't deny you this small thing."

"But Duncan I..."

"If you're worried about what happened that night, I assure you it won't happen again." Duncan smiled warmly. "You made sure of that. There's a link between us. I felt you inside my mind. You saw the beast. It was his doing. I'm so glad you drove him away."

"Yes, you're right. He won't be bothering us again," Methos replied, lowering his gaze. Because I am the beast. With a flick of the reins, he urged Hesperus to a slow walk. The beast won't be bothering you again as long as I keep my passions under control. Lord, when did I first meet you? When did I hurt you? There have been so many, I couldn't remember the faces. How could I forget yours? Now, here you are, following in my footsteps. If I have to remain celibate to keep your evil nature from resurfacing, then so be it.

However, halfway down the road, unknown to Methos, he had raised his right hand and laid it over Duncan's kilt, hitching up the garment so that he had access to the young man's thigh.

Duncan was surprised when he glanced down to find the ancient's hand stroking and squeezing his thigh. At first, he wanted to tell Methos, but the blacksmith was deep in thought. Instead, the Highlander just sat back and enjoyed the scenery, as well as the comforting feel of his lover's hand on his skin.

Cassandra frowned as Methos rode into the village, with a young man at his side. She had never seen him before, and she could never forget a face, especially a face as pretty as his. Those gorgeous doe eyes were enough to make BOTH men and women's loins weep in longing for him. But the young man had eyes only for Methos. Once they got down from the wagon, he would not leave the ancient's side.

Her curiosity piqued, the seeress followed the two men at a discreet distance as they went around the village, waiting for an opportunity to catch him alone. She found her chance at the horse trader's shop. Old Boris made no bones about the fact that he was impressed with the Immortal's skills in taming horses and he would seize any opportunity to avail of Methos' services whenever he came to town. However, once he got the ancient, he wouldn't share him with anyone. Sure enough, after a brief introduction, Old Boris curtly dismissed the young man, more rudely it seemed than usual.

But the man simply smiled and waved the Immortal off. "Methos, I'll be all right. I'll find something to occupy my time."

There was such reluctance on Methos' face, but he had no choice but to go with the horse trader. When the blacksmith was gone, his companion just stood there in the street, totally at a loss on what to do next and where to go.

As she approached, Cassandra was surprised by the telltale aura surrounding him. An Immortal! she mused. But I do not detect any presences inside him. Then how could his aura be so strong for a youngling? The young man had obviously felt her as he turned to look in her direction.

"I am unarmed," he said warily. "I seek no fight with you, my lady."

Polite too! The seeress answered, "You don't have anything to fear from me. I am Cassandra." She then raised a hand to him.

The young man took her hand, but instead of shaking it, he leaned down and kissed her fingertips lightly. "My name's Duncan MacLeod."

A MacLeod? But they've been... Cassandra somehow managed a smile, though she was dying of curiosity. "It's a pleasure to meet you, Duncan. I haven't seen you here in the village before. You must have just come down from the Highlands. How are the state of affairs among the clans?"

"Forgive me, my lady, but I'm afraid I cannot answer your questions about these clans and Highlands. From what I know, I've been living in the farm in the forest just outside your village since I got married."

"And who's the lucky lass who has won your heart?"

Duncan blushed in shyness. "No, not a lass. I'm handfasted to Methos the blacksmith."

Cassandra found herself stunned by that remark. Alexa passed away only four months ago. Methos couldn't have found someone else to love so soon. He was devastated when she died.

"You said 'from what I know'," the seeress cocked an eyebrow up. "Why? Do you not know what your life has been with Methos?"

"I don't even remember being handfasted to him," replied the Scot, shaking his head. "Methos said we were having a picnic by the pond when a storm suddenly hit. We were struck by lightning. I think I was hit a lot worse because I lost my memory."

Memory loss! Cassandra mused. How convenient! Looking at him meaningfully, she asked, "Duncan, would you like me to help you regain your memory? I'm a seeress. I might be able to help you."

The Highlander brightened at these words. "You could? Oh please, Cassandra! I would give anything just to get my memory back." Duncan became serious. "So many strange things have been happening lately. I think it has something to do with my past. It frightens me."

Cassandra gave him a reassuring smile. "We'll find out, won't we? Come with me, Duncan. It's going to take several hours before Boris decides to let Methos go. We could talk in my house rather than have you waiting out here for him in the middle of the street."

"Are you sure Methos won't mind?"

"We'll be back before he knows you've gone."

At these words, Duncan followed the seeress to her home in the outskirts of the village. Inside, she bade the Scot to sit down at the small table while she closed the curtains. Lighting a candle, Cassandra took the seat before him.

"Give me your hands, Duncan," she commanded.

As the Highlander raised his hands, the seeress at last noticed the band of gold and ice around his wrist, her eyes widening in shock.

Without touching it, Cassandra queried, "Where did you get this?"

"It's my handfasting bracelet," he replied. "Methos' band has tiny flames." Noting the strange expression on the seeress' face, Duncan asked, "Why? Is something wrong?"

At first, she couldn't speak. It's not possible! It couldn't be! Cassandra shook her head. "No, nothing's wrong! Let me hold your hands!"

As Duncan laid his hands on hers, Cassandra braced herself. If that bracelet is what I think it is, I'm in for the fight of my life!

A few minutes later, Cassandra tore her hands out of the Highlander's grasp. In her terror, she practically flew out of her seat.

"Cassandra, what is it?" Duncan asked in concern and fear. The seeress had been mumbling in an ancient tongue, shaking her head furiously. She had screamed when she roused from her trance. "What did you see?"

The seeress was shaken by the torrent of images inside the Scot's mind - images of killing, torture, rape. She had seen similar visions before in the mind of another. But there was one memory in particular that they both shared. It had taken every ounce of her strength to draw it out. What made it especially difficult was the way the band on Duncan's wrist fought her efforts, as if it had a life of its own. The bracelet was determined to keep the memory locked away in the darkest recesses of the Highlander's mind.

Unconsciously, Cassandra found herself reciting the prophecy the band had hammered into her head. "An Evil One will come, to vanquish all before him. Only a Highland child born on the winter solstice, who has seen both darkness and light, can stop him."

The seeress leaned wearily against the cupboard, clutching her aching head.

"Is that a prophecy, Cassandra?" Duncan's voice somehow reached her hearing. "What does it mean? Please, I beg you! Tell me what you saw!"

For a moment, Cassandra hesitated, seeing the bracelet glow a deep blue. It was a clear warning. But she knew she could not keep her silence. Instead, the seeress chose an indirect route.

"No, not yet," she replied. "First, let me tell you something about Methos."

Methos was cursing under his breath as he stormed outside the horse trader's shop. "That's the last time I'm going to allow myself to be ambushed by that old man!" God, where's Duncan? Old Boris had been very rude to him. I hope he wasn't offended. I wonder where he went.

Thinking the Scot had wandered off and will probably meet him back at the wagon, the ancient decided to go to Cassandra's house and ask for her advice about his lover. Reaching her home, Methos never expected to sense two Immortals inside, and that one of them was Duncan. As he opened the door, it was obvious to him that he had interrupted an important conversation. It didn't help any that Cassandra had a guilty expression on her face.

"Oh hello, Methos!" Duncan said with forced cheer. "Are you through talking to Boris? I'm sorry. I lost all track of the time. I met your friend, Cassandra. She was kind enough to keep me company while you were indisposed."

"And I thank you for your kindness to my handfasted," Methos glared menacingly at the seeress. "Come, Duncan. We must be getting home now."

As the Highlander stood up, he bowed to her graciously. "Thank you, Cassandra. Our brief chat was most enlightening."

The seeress swallowed hard before answering, "You're welcome, Duncan." She then got to her feet and showed the two men out. Cassandra saw the ancient take the Scot's hand, their handfasting bracelets glittering in the sunlight. She couldn't help but feel a sense of foreboding inside her heart.

From what she had gleaned from the Scot, Cassandra realized that Death's advance came to an abrupt halt the day Duncan was handfasted to Methos.

Methos, the Immortal who was formerly known as Death, is handfasted to the man who has inherited his mantle, Cassandra reflected. She closed her eyes in despair. Dear God! What have I just done!

On the way back to the farm, Duncan was very quiet, almost too quiet, it seemed to Methos.

"What did you two talk about?" he queried.

"Nothing really." Duncan shrugged, trying to avoid the topic. "Just small talk."

"It's all right," Methos declared, rather hurt. "I won't pry."

"Methos, I didn't mean to hurt your feelings. It's really just...nothing." The Scot couldn't think of anything else better to say.

"And I said it's fine. Don't worry about it. We all have our little secrets."

"We do?"

Those two innocent words aroused Methos' suspicions even more. "Those are just little things that aren't really important. We just want to keep some private things to ourselves."

"Are you keeping secrets from me, Methos?"

"What about you, MacLeod?" the ancient snapped angrily at him. "Are YOU keeping secrets from me? Your memory loss could just be an excuse, so you won't..."

Glancing at the young man at his side, Methos saw that the Highlander had lowered his gaze.

"I'm sorry," Duncan whispered. "I should learn to stop asking questions and just keep my mouth shut."

Methos reined Hesperus to a halt. Putting his arm comfortingly around the Scot's shoulders, he pulled Duncan close to him. "I'm the one who should apologize. Damn, I'm such an ass sometimes."

"No, you're not!" argued Duncan, embracing his lover tightly. "You're the most wonderful man I have ever met." Inwardly, he added, That's why I couldn't believe what Cassandra told me about you. You couldn't be the man she said you were.

But Methos felt a twinge of guilt in his heart at that remark. How I wish that were entirely true. Rather than continue with this line of conversation, the ancient pinched Duncan's chin and made the young man look up.

Pressing his lips to that full mouth, Methos invited, "Let's go for a swim. The pond's not far from here."

Duncan smiled eagerly. "Sure! Why not?"

A few minutes later, the two men were swimming and frolicking in the clear waters of the pond, splashing playfully at each other. Soon, however, it led to something more serious.

"Methos?" Duncan asked, seeing the warm smile on the elder's face.

"You're so beautiful, MacLeod," Methos said in awe. "I'm afraid to touch you."

"Why don't you? Nothing's going to happen this time, Methos." Though he said these words, the Highlander still had his doubts.

"How could you be so sure?"

"I just feel it." Duncan smiled. "Please, Methos? You may touch me if you like."

As Methos took the Scot in his arms, they did more than just touch. When their lips met in a kiss, their bracelets began to glow, surrounding the pond in a bright aura.

The Master was watching the two men make love.

"Time to make things interesting once more," he declared earnestly.

However, when he cast a spell, it would not penetrate the shield surrounding the two Immortals. No matter how hard he tried, the spell would not break through. The Master roared in anger and frustration.

Gazing down into the scrying pool, he saw that Methos had breached Duncan, and was riding the Highlander to the peak of bliss.

"Enjoy Duncan's flesh, Old One," he muttered. "Have your fill. If you think the bond between you would last forever, you're wrong. The fool deity who handfasted you doesn't know that my hold over the Scot is stronger. Cassandra has already sown the seeds of doubt in MacLeod's mind. All I have to do is sit back and wait. Soon enough, it will be Duncan himself who will break the ties that bind you, and his soul will be mine for all eternity."

Duncan was bobbing up and down in the water, moaning in ecstasy every time Methos pounded into him. When he came, a scream escaped his lips, sending the birds flying from the trees. He smiled as his lover climaxed inside him, filling him with his seed.

"Are you all right, MacLeod?" Methos asked, noting the blissful look on the Highlander's face. "Let me pull out of you."

However, Duncan wrapped his legs around the older man's hips. Kissing Methos, he said, "Don't you dare! I want you inside me a little while longer."

Suddenly, the ancient understood why his lover was so happy.

"Duncan?" he queried, just wanting to make sure. "No bad memories?"

The Highlander shook his head. "No bad memories!" Happily, he cried, "ABSOLUTELY NONE!"