Iruka glared at the pale blue eye that looked at him, a hint of curiosity in the normally bored depths. The bushy head tilted slightly. “You’re that chunin from the Mission Room, aren’t you? The one that babied Naruto?”

Iruka gritted his teeth together tightly and decided to ignore the other. He returned prying the kunai he had hidden in sleeve (he’d never been so thankful in his life for that weird habit that his sensei had insisted on beating into his brain so long ago, but he never thought it would have its uses outside of the classroom) out so he could cut himself loose enough to start on working on the jutsu that held him trapped in the wire-sharp string.

The jounin watched him struggle and made no offer to help—not that Iruka would have accepted it, but it was the principle of the matter. If you saw a fellow ninja in trouble, you offered to help, and you didn’t just sit back and stare at them. Iruka resolved to give Hatake the next mission that involved something terrible—like rotting bananas and potatos and children who like to throw things. It’d serve him right, too.

He had just gotten the kunai and freed half of one arm when he heard a dreaded noise. “Iruka-sensei! Oh, Iruka-sensei!”

Disregarding the jounin who looked slightly confused and amused, Iruka instantly changed himself into a common house spider that was busily spinning a web. He could only pray that Hatake would use that genius he was rumoured to have and not say anything.

Shizune hurried into view, eyes darting as she scanned the area. She almost stopped at Hatake, but decided against it at the last moment. Iruka mentally signed a huge sigh of relief when she vanished from his sight and her chakra disappeared.

He returned to normal, panting—damn fucking jutsu, making it next to impossible to use his chakra—and worked one hand free. Maybe it was just him, but these traps were getting harder and harder to escape from. The only good that could come from that would be that no child would EVER be able to ensnare him again—if he survived long enough for that, of course.

“That’s quite a trap.” Hatake said conversationally. Iruka pointedly ignored him. If the jounin wasn’t going to offer some form of assistance, he wasn’t going to be worth Iruka’s time. Instead, Iruka focused on cutting that last little bit of chakra string that him bound…

Yes! Hands were free enough that he could work on the jutsu that was holding him upside-down and slowing his chakra down. Getting out of the string would be much easier when all his blood wasn’t pooling in the top of his skull, Iruka decided.

Hatake watched, looking more and more interested as Iruka worked his way through the jutsu. He didn’t say anything more, and Iruka was grateful that the man had at least enough brains to let him work through this in silence. At any rate, it was the only thing that recently had gone his way in over a month.

He had three more signs to go and then everything went to hell in a hand basket.

“IRUKA-CHAN!”

Iruka let a noise that was reminiscent of dying mouse stuck in a helium balloon as Anko launched something similar to a flying tackle at him and smashed into him, hanging on like a lamprey. Iruka could feel the chakra in the strings strain at their combined weight.

“Ha! I caught you this time, Iruka-chan!” Anko babbled much in the same way when she found a coupon for dango, causing the string to bounce dangerously. “D’ja like the changes I’ve made to that trap you taught me? I’m so glad that I got here before that cow did—did you know that she paid that man down the street to burn my dango every time? Or that she put wood glue in my shampoo and milk?” Iruka flailed wildly—as much as he could, that is, being he was almost entirely entangled in string. Anko held on tighter and continued loudly. “I totally got her back for it, though! Wait until she sees what I bribed her neighbours into doing! And you never would guess what I did to that purple-haired freak for sticking that infestation of squirrels in under my sink or that dead skunk in my closet or for stealing my missions and for switching up your schedule like that so I didn’t get to see you!”

“Anko-san,” Hatake said dryly, his face bored again. “I’m hoping that ‘purple-haired freak’ you’re referring to isn’t Yugao-kun.”

“That whore is trying to steal my man!” Anko snapped, happy attitude gone. She didn’t seem to care that she was mouthing off to Sharingan Kakashi himself.

“I am NOT your man!” Iruka said loudly. “And I’ll never be—mhpfffuuuuuuuhhh!”

Anko condescendingly patted Iruka’s cheek, ignoring his Death Glare. “Isn’t he adorable?” She asked the jounin as Iruka tried to spit out the glove she had stuffed in his mouth. “Can’t have those other bitches know he’s here.” She told Kakashi secretively. “They’ll just try to steal him away again.” Iruka dropped a kunai from his sleeve and missed Anko’s foot. She just laughed and patted him again, hand creeping too close to places they shouldn’t before he managed to buck it off. “He’s so feisty!”

Iruka snarled around the glove and resolved that he was done with trying to give out terrible missions to Those Damn Kunoichis (well, all but one; that one didn’t take missions from him any more—not since the Kappa incident) and now he was just going to find the longest mission that would take him the farthest away from EVERYONE, but particularly Those Damn Kunoichis! He had heard that the mosquitoes in the Rain Country weren’t too terribly bad…

He finally managed to spit out the glove and opened his mouth to do a terribly un-ninjaish thing when a startled gasp made him cringe.

“Iruka-sensei!”

Iruka began to struggle in earnest as Shizune came running up. “What are you doing to Iruka-sensei!” She cried, chakra subtly gathering around her.

“I don’t need your help! Leave me alone!” Iruka yelled, but he got the feeling the only one listening to him was Hatake.

“Back off, bitch!” Anko snarled at Shizune. “I caught him fair and square and he’s mine!”

“I am NOT something to be owned!”

“How low can you get!” Shizune exclaimed angrily. “He’s told you numerous times that he’s not interested in you!”

“I’m not interested in ANY of you!”

“What, and you think a subservient, spastic, mousy thing like yourself is his type?” Anko sneered cruelly. “Face it, you don’t have what it takes to be Iruka-chan’s lover.”

“NONE of you are ‘my type’! NONE of you have ‘what it takes’!”

“How much do you think Jiraiya would pay for me to take notes on this scene?” Hatake asked Iruka causally as Shizune and Anko started to argue in earnest. “Or I could write him and have him come here and experience it himself. I think that would be worth at least a ticket to the premiere of the next movie, don’t you?”

“Ufhgh!” was all Iruka could say because Anko had started squeezing him for emphasis. He decided that rotten bananas, potatoes, and children were too good for Hatake. He also decided that the Rain country was too close. The Bear country or the Snow country might be far enough away…

The Honey country sounded good and the travel time one way alone would take a week or two. He’d put a request in for that as soon as he got out of here and have Izumo give Hatake a mission that involved decaying goats, chocolate-covered clams, ragweed pollen, and really, really old naked ninjas. See how he liked that!

Iruka’s eyes suddenly widened. Yugao had just dropped from a nearby roof, screaming about nobody untying Iruka. Anko threw a snake at her and told her do something that was not appropriate for young ears to hear.

If Yugao was here, it was only a matter of time before things got really ugly. As he was still tied up, he wasn’t sure he would be able to escape the carnage that was about to take place.

Unless…

Iruka swiftly finished the last three hand signs. He smirked slightly to himself. See if Hatake just sat around next time without offering to help.

Before Hatake knew what had hit him, Iruka used the body replacement jutsu and swapped places with the jounin, causing the trap’s jutsu to reset. He swiftly henged himself to look like Hatake and Hatake to look like him before he slowly slouched off in the same manner he had seen the Copy Ninja do hundreds of times before.

He didn’t drop the henge and start running until he was a good five blocks from the scene.

He wondered how long it would take before Anko noticed that she was groping the wrong guy.