Innocence 

Sometimes interesting experiences "just happen". When four bored, innocent 
teenagers find themselves with nothing to do, one thing leads to another and 
soon they are pushing each other on, exploring their new feelings as they 
tentatively experiment with each other.



There isn't much to do on lazy summer days late in the summer.  The
four of them found themselves hanging out in the cool basement,
looking for ways to pass the time.

Jeff was trying, and failing, to describe the movie he and Dan watched
the previous night.  Since there wasn't too much else to talk about,
no one was giving him too hard a time.

"So, the millionaire's daughter was dressed in a thin cotton tube top
and handcuffed to the motorcycle, but the guard dog was like rabid or
something and attacked the guards, distracting them..."

"Not that it matters, you know the millionaire's daughter has to get
rescued," Dan interrupted.  "If it isn't a rabid dog, a tree will fall
on them or something."

"Deus ex machina."  Everyone stared at Greg.  "God by machine.  In
Greek plays, a god would be introduced into a scene with a large
crane, and would magically fix whatever needed fixing."

Tanya frowned.  "If something pointless is going to happen, the
millionaire's daughter should pop out of her top or something.  Now
THAT would be funny."

She enjoyed shocking them.  She could tell they still weren't all that
comfortable hanging out with a girl, and besides, she enjoyed seeing
the looks on their faces as they imagined the poor daughter popping
out of her top.

Greg recovered first, the fact that he hadn't seen the movie
interfering with his ability to visualize the scene.  "Yeah, little
things like that make plots more realistic; after all, much of what
happens to us is or seems somewhat random."

Which wasn't exactly what Tanya had meant.  She met his argument with
an equally powerful rebuttal.  "Greg, you're a dork."

Greg blushed and stayed quiet.

Jeff jumped up from the floor.  "Don't underestimate the importance of
pointless nudity!"

Dan gave Jeff a high five.  "Woo woo!"

The two of them could be so silly sometimes.  Tanya laughed.  "The
whole thing is unrealistic anyway.  They're holding her captive, she's
completely helpless, and no one is sneaking a peak or copping a feel?
Please."

Jeff laughed.  "Yeah, if I were the director, I'd make her show her
titties!"

"If I were the director," Dan continued, "I'd make it a porn scene,
and I'd be the star!"

Tanya rolled her eyes.  "Dan, if you were the star, the scene would
only last 5 seconds."

"Shut up!"  Dan playfully gave her ass a kick.

Without thinking, she kicked back, catching him in the side of the leg
which was supporting his weight.  Landing on top of her, he quickly
turned and sat on her hips.

"You're such a trouble-maker, Tanya!"  As she looked up and saw him
above her, his hands found her sides as he began tickling her.
Squirming, she tried to grab his hands, but she was laughing too hard
to have much of an effect.  She could feel his weight on top of her,
moving as she squirmed, pinning her to the floor.

Pushing him upward, she managed to roll over onto her stomach, hiding
it beneath her.  Clutching her elbows to her sides to prevent him from
tickling her more, she tried to catch her breath.  As she panted, she
felt Dan's arm slip underneath her elbow and across her back, pinning
her arm in place.  She wiggled, trying to free herself, but found Dan
had grabbed her other wrist and was pulling it back behind her.

Soon, he had both her elbows pinned behind her back, and pulled her up
in front of him.  As she lay back against him, her chest was pushed
forward.  A tingle ran down her spine as she felt her small tits
pressed up against her thin t-shirt.  With nothing special planned
today, she had just thrown on a pair of low cut shorts and a shirt
with no bra.  It was comfortable, but now with her nipples hardening,
she knew her plain outfit was quickly becoming very sexy.

Having Dan's strong arms wrapped around hers felt wonderful.  She
twisted and squirmed a bit, just to remind herself how helpless she
was.  As she pushed back towards him, she felt his erect cock push
against her back.  Carefully, she pushed back against it and slowly
moved back and forth.  She would die if he knew she was intentionally
turning him on, so she made sure to pretend she was just struggling,
but the truth was she loved how much he was enjoying this.

She could see the lust on Jeff's face as he moved towards her.  She
was almost disappointed by the fact that she knew he would behave
himself.  As his hands found her sides and started tickling her, she
arched her back, partly to try to get away, and partly because she
ached to feel him against her, to feel her chest up against him as she
was sandwiched by the two boys.

Struggling to control herself, she brought her knees up, trying to
protect herself, but Jeff got his hand between them and pushed them
open, moving his body between her legs to hold them apart as he
continued to tickle her.

Tanya was feeling really hot now as she looked up at him, sitting
between her legs with an intense look on his face as his hand tickled
her slender waist.  Her shirt had worked it's way up a bit as it
bunched itself up as she squirmed against Dan's chest, exposing an
inch of bare skin for Jeff's fingers to tickle.  Even more
embarrassing, her shorts had slid downward slightly, letting her lacy
pink underwear come into view.  Part of her wanted to believe they
were just horsing around, that she was just getting tickled and this
was completely innocent, but another part of her knew the reasons the
two boys were enjoying this so much were almost completely sexual.
Worse, she knew part of her wanted it because of that and enjoyed how
much they were getting turned on.

She looked down nervously as she felt Jeff unbuckling her belt.
"Don't worry, I'm not going to take your shorts off."  She was almost
disappointed.

After he pulled the belt out of her shorts, Dan rolled her onto her
stomach and held her in place as Jeff fastened her belt around her
elbows, wrapping it around them three times so that the buckle would
work.  As she lay helplessly on her side, the two of them stood and
admired their work.

Dan gave her a little nudge with his foot.  "I bet you regret that
little comment now, don't you?"

"Not at all," she thought, as she enjoyed her predicament, but she
didn't want them to know she was enjoying this.  "Yes," she responded
meekly.

"Can you get your arms out of that?" Jeff wondered.  She twisted her
arms a bit, confirming what she had thought: she wasn't going
anywhere.  "No, you've got it pretty tight.  I can't move my arms at
all.  I'm completely helpless."

She looked up at them, imagining what they might do next, but they
kept their distance, examining her body as she lay helplessly in front
of them.  Her body missed the feeling of their touch, her mind still
on fire with the thoughts of how they made her feel.  Wanting to
overcome their reluctance, she continued: "If you wanted to do
something to me, there's nothing I could do to stop you."

She watched as Dan knelt in front of her, clearly thinking hard.  His
hand ran up and down her side, finally settling where the bottom of
her shirt hung against her bare skin.  Gathering the bottom in his
hand, he slowly started sliding it up toward her chest as he looked at
her and watched for her reaction.

"I don't think you should do that," interrupted Greg.  "If she tells
someone about this, we'll all get in trouble."

Dan continued watching her carefully.  "I don't think she'll tell.
Besides, even if she does, I want to see her tits."

She watched as he continued pulling her shirt upwards.  She shuddered
with excitement as she felt it brush her boobs as it passed up over
them.  Shyly, she looked up at Dan, but saw his gaze was firmly fixed
on her chest.  Looking down, she saw her pink nipples pointing
straight out from the peaks of the two exposed cones of flesh peeking
out from beneath her shirt.  Turning her face towards the floor, she
tried to hide it as she blushed, but she stayed on her side, letting
Dan get as close a look at her as he wanted.

Jeff was behind her now, and she felt his hand move around to her
chest and cup her tit, exploring her nipple with his fingers.  Dan's
attention moved downward, running his hands along her flat stomach,
then along her leg.

Bringing his hand up along her inner thigh, he played with the soft
skin along the bottom edge of her shorts, watching her enjoy the
attention she was getting.  She was more turned on than she had ever
been in her life.  She let out a quiet moan as she felt their hand
move across her, driving her crazy as she knew there was nothing she
could do but enjoy it.

Dan's other hand moved to her shorts, unsnapping them and then slowly
pulling the zipper down.  As he opened up her shorts and ran his hand
across her knickers, she wondered how far she was going to let them go.
What would happen when she was lying naked in front of them?  Would
they stop if she asked them to?  She was beginning to get a bit
nervous, but the feel of Dan's hand inside her shorts, massaging her
mound was intoxicating.

Dan slipped his hands inside her underwear as he slowly peeled it away
along with her shorts.  As she felt her shorts slide down over her
ass, he knew he could see the dark curls of her pubic hair coming into
view, nestled between her legs as more and more of it was revealed.
As her shorts continued downward, she curled into a ball, trying to
cover herself before Dan finished pulling her shorts off.

Smiling at her, Dan took her ankle and gently lifted it up.  As Jeff
continued playing with her tits, she let Dan open her up, pushing her
leg away from him until her pussy was completely exposed to him.

She watched Dan and Jeff examine her as Greg finally got up his
courage and slowly started stroking her ass.  She was completely
exposed now, and she knew it was obvious she was soaking wet.  She bit
her lip as she realized she hadn't even half-heartedly objected to
anything yet, having been distracted by how much she was enjoying the
situation.

Unable to do anything as intense emotion after intense emotion washed
over her, she watched as Dan pulled his hard dick free of his shorts
and started stroking it.  A tear came to her eye as she didn't know
how to feel, watching him stare at her pussy as he masturbated.
Taking his cue from Dan, Jeff pulled out his own cock and started
stroking it.

She looked up at Jeff's dick, only inches away from her face.  Part of
her desperately wanted to lean over, to take it into her mouth and
suck on it.  But she knew if he did, Dan would almost certainly start
fucking her, and this wasn't exactly how she had imagined losing her
virginity.

The thought of having both of them inside her made her unbelievably
hot, but she desperately hoped things wouldn't go any further.  She
turned to hide her head again, but Jeff's hand found her chin and
turned her back towards him, stroking her face as his other hand
continued moving up and down on his cock.

As she tried to close her legs, she felt Dan's hand on her knee,
pressing her open.  Worse, to hold her open he had to move towards
her, sitting on her other knee, his cock coming closer and closer to
her exposed hole.

With her arms secured behind her back, she knew there was nothing else
she could do.  She tried to speak, but she couldn't.  What scared her
most was knowing that if they tried to fuck her, she would let them.
She would lose control and they would have her body, right there on
the basement floor, hungrily pounding their dicks into her as she
begged for more.

Looking up at them, she sadly let go of her dream of finding the
perfect guy and waiting for a romantic evening so they could lose
their virginity together.  A tear rolled down her face as she lay back
and tried to prepare herself for the inevitable.

Suddenly, they heard someone knocking on the basement door.  "Greg?
Greg?  It's getting late, I think it's about time for your friends to
head home."

"Coming, mother!" he yelled, as Jeff pulled the belt buckle free and
they all scrambled for their clothes.

