A daughter walks in on her divorced father masturbating. Such a waste...

This story is the property of the author.  It may be redistributed, copied and stored without changes, though it is not to be used by commercial entities.  Using this material in any commercial publication, including websites, without the express permission of the author, will be followed up with legal action. This fictional story was written for the entertainment of adults and should not be viewed by those under the legal age.

This is a story of casual, unprotected sex, and is a work of fiction. In real life, use a condom, damnit! Unwanted babies, HIV and all sorts of lesser sexual diseases await the idiot who "dips his wick" or "rides the rod" without protection.

---

A Waste, Chapter 1 (MF, 1st, cons, inc, oral, impreg?, M-solo)
by Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)

---

All characters are 18 years and older.

---

"Yeah, suck it, you little slut..."

Click-clack! "AHH! DADDY!"

There are moments in your life where time seems to slow down, like just before you take the best golf swing ever, or utter the perfect pickup line. This was one of those moments, except for Travis Bell it definitely wasn't ideal. He looked up from where he'd been sitting on the toilet cover, whacking his meat furiously at the thought of his daughter's blonde friend Jessamy sunbathing by his backyard pool in her small orange-and-white bikini. Too late, he realized that he hadn't locked the bathroom door before attempting to relieve the pressure the sexy teen inspired within his lonesome balls.

"Roxy! Get out!" he yelled, raising his hand up to point his daughter in the other direction, which inadvertently revealed his erection to her. He could see her gaze drop right to it and stay there, her eyes reflexively widening in shock. "OUT!"

"Um...uh...sorry..." She blinked fast, pulled the door closed behind her, and then rushed into her bedroom. She leaned back against the closed door. "Holy shit." She couldn't believe the size of her father's hard penis...it had to be at least 8 inches long!

Roxy's mother had run off and left them 5 years ago and he hadn't even dated since, just working hard and being 'superdad'. Such a waste, she thought to herself, thinking about that hard member that had created her almost 2 decades previous, and then she shook her head. He was her dad!

Still, she considered, it *was* a waste...
She pulled out her phone.

---

"Hey Da-aad..."

Travis winced. Roxy had come up behind him in the kitchen. Her friend Jessamy had already gone home by the time he finally decided to come out of his room to make dinner.

He stopped cutting potatoes and turned to his short, brown-haired high school graduate, looking so much like her mother with her 34-25-35 figure squeezed into tight shorts and a half-top. He was glad that she wasn't looking at him with disgust, but that mischievous grin bothered him. "Roxy, about earlier..."

She held up her hand. "I understand, Dad...Mom took off a long time ago and Jessamy is a knockout, isn't she?"

"Uh...heh...yeah...so if we could just forget..."

"Forget? Hell no!"

"Uh..."

"Dad, what I'm about to ask is going to sound weird, but I want you to keep an open mind, okay?"

She stood there, her torso bent forward a bit with her hands clasped behind her, just like her mom used to do when she wanted something, and he could never say no to his wife. He blinked. "Um, Roxy...?"

"Dad, I have a small list of girlfriends who currently don't have boyfriends right now...some broke up so they could have a 'free and clear' summer before heading off to college...some of their guys went out of town to work...others just don't have anyone serious and...well, they like to fuck."

"Roxy!"

"Dad!"

"Um...language..."

"Fuck...fuckity fuck fuck..."

"Rox..."

She stepped up to him. "These girls have all told me that they think you're hot. I've seen what you're packing, and frankly, it's going to waste. Are you getting what I'm saying?"

"You...what...?"

"Did I break your brain, Dad? I'm asking if you want to FUCK some hot 18-year-olds before they go off to college."

"Ha ha, Roxy."

"No joke, Dad. Don't underestimate the sex drive of young women. Actually, you and Mom were both 18 when she got pregnant with me, so I guess you do know?"

"Don't...talk about her like that, Rox."

"Sorry...look, it sounds like this is making you crazy, so think about it, alright? If you're going to whack off thinking about my friends, why not let them help? Then you're helping them, too."

"I'll...think about it...?"

"Cool! Thanks, Dad!" She gave him an impish grin and then took off back to her room.

He shook his head and turned back to cutting the potatoes, so distracted that he sliced his finger a moment later. Swearing and thanking his lucky stars that it was shallow, he headed off to bandage it.

---

"Sooo..."

"So?"

Roxy plopped her butt on the couch next to her father and stretched her shapely legs out, her dainty feet on the coffee table. She had given him the night to reflect. "You know...the offer..."

He paused the show he was watching. "I'm not saying I'm seriously considering it, but how would it even work? Would I take your friends on dates?"

"Ha! No, Dad...they come here and you fuck them."

He was about to admonish her for her language again but closed his mouth. They were beyond that now. "So just sex?" He looked introspective.

"Like I said, they're heading to college after summer break, so they don't want entanglements, but they do want that, Long Dong Daddy," she answered, pointing at his groin.

He groaned. "Please don't ever call me that again."

She twisted her mouth. "Yeah, I regretted that the moment it came out of my mouth."

"That's what she said."

Roxy doubled over. "HA! So you're considering it?"

He sat back. "Maybe. They'd have to be sworn to silence, and we'd have to use condoms, of course."

"They're all trustworthy, clean, and most are on birth control. The ones that aren't, yeah, I don't want a surprise sibling next year, so you'll have to wrap it up."

"I can't believe I'm even considering this."

"I know you've been lonely, Dad, and I appreciate that you've put your personal life on hold to provide for me. Maybe once I'm in college this will be the kick in the pants you need to start dating again."

He looked thoughtful. "Maybe."

"Okay, then it's time to talk about the rules."

"Oh?"

"Some of the girls are shy, or don't want you looking at them weirdly afterward, so you have to be blindfolded and your ears covered so you can't know who they are."

"WHAT?"

She touched his shoulder. "Are you worried I'm going to bring you someone ugly? Dad, think of all of my friends that have come over...are any of them unfuckable?"

Travis thought back. Nope, even the less attractive girls that his daughter brought home were still cute as hell. Youth was its own attraction. "Let me...think about it some more."

That night, he stroked his cock thinking of Jessamy riding him in that very bed, her B-cups bouncing as she fucked herself onto his prong. "Fuuuck..." he moaned while blasting a load up and onto his chest. As he cleaned up the mess, he considered how much better it would have felt to do that deep inside the hot blonde teen's pussy. 5 years with just his hand for comfort...his daughter was right: it was a waste.

He grabbed his phone and texted Roxy. A moment later he heard her cheer from across the hall.

---

"Here," Roxy said as she handed him a pair of safety earmuffs and some taped-over cinder goggles, what some people called steampunk sunglasses, with canvas cutting off the peripheral vision. "Get undressed, put these on, and give me a yell when you're ready. I'll check before letting her in, so no cheating. You pull either of these off before I do and the deal's over."

He paused. "You're going to be there?"

"No, just before and after. It's not like I haven't seen it before, Dad. Also, no grabbing...if she wants you to, she'll move your hands where they can go."

He looked at the objects. "Huh."

"Last thing: I know it's been a while, but try to hold out as long as you can. She's gotta get hers too, right? Go!"

Travis stepped into his bedroom and took off his clothes. He worked in construction, so felt that he had good muscle tone for a guy pushing forty. As he pulled off his boxers, he marveled at how much larger his slightly longer than 8" penis looked with trimmed pubes, which his daughter had suggested earlier that day. He figured that maybe he'd keep 'trimming the weeds' after all this, though he was definitely not going to wax his chest like she had suggested. He was a man, not a boy!

He lay back on his bed and put the goggles and earmuffs on. He suddenly felt very vulnerable without his main two senses, so took a moment before yelling out his daughter's name.

Within a couple minutes he felt someone get onto the bed with him and then gasped as he felt a warm hand take hold of his unfortunately only partially erect penis. The hand squeezed him lightly before sliding back and forth, causing his member to quickly fill with blood. He felt the bed shift and then warm skin pressed into his face. At first he thought the girl was trying to kiss him, but the smell was unmistakable, even 5 years later: pussy. He leaned forward to lick at the unseen vagina.

Once she got situated, Travis felt her warm mouth surround the head of his cock. He redoubled his efforts, hardening his tongue to pierce between those puffy labia. He concentrated on making her (whoever she was) feel good...his cock was hard as steel now, so she didn't really need to keep sucking him. He found her clit and lapped at that.

Suddenly she pushed back at him, her round buttocks accidentally shifting the earmuffs back a little. Without a proper seal, he could hear whoever this girl was gasping as she chased her own orgasm. She had stopped sucking him.

"Unnh! OHH!"

He tasted moisture on his tongue as she ground into him. A few seconds later, she backed off and Travis quickly shrugged his shoulders to jostle the earmuffs back in place. He didn't want his daughter to call everything off due to accidentally breaking the rules!

His daughter...he hadn't thought about it before, but now that he was about to get fucked, he realized that he only had her word that some of her friends were interested in him. He wondered, could this actually be her clambering astride him, lining his extremely hard cock up to penetrate her, with him none the wiser because of these absurd rules?

As he felt the head of his cock slip inside the girl's warm, tight channel, he realized that he didn't care. Sex, after so long! He thrust his hips up and felt her palms upon his chest as she adjusted to the penetration. She backed off a little and then pushed down again. All the pussy licking he had given her, plus the lubrication from her orgasm, really helped, and he felt her slip down, down, down. She rose up and then bottomed out on her next attempt. He could feel her insides gripping him and wondered if she was cumming again. Probably not many teen boys would have been able to get this deep inside her, he figured.

She started moving upon him and Travis realized that he was going to have trouble holding off. While he masturbated often, the hot, wet pussy sliding up and down on him was practically begging to be inseminated. Fuck, he thought, I have to hold it, think of anything but the nubile 18-year-old riding me.

Then he remembered that his daughter couldn't take the pill; it made her sick. He hadn't felt whoever was riding him slip a condom on, so there was no way that it was Roxy; this had to be one of her friends! Relieved, he lay back and enjoyed the high school graduate as she took her pleasure from his body.

Then he had another thought: if Roxy had lied about who was going to fuck him, she could also have been lying about condoms. No, he thought, his daughter wouldn't be so stupid! But the possibility needled its way into his thoughts once again. He felt the telltale tingle indicating that his orgasm was coming, and fast. What was he going to do?

The girl leaned forward and slipped her tongue into his mouth. Surprised, he kissed her back, but the sudden, unexpected intimacy caused his orgasm to explode from his loins. "MMHG!" he gasped into the girl's mouth as he blasted her possibly unprotected insides with a huge load of sperm. "HGG! Hhm!"

The girl reared back and he felt her knuckles bumping between her legs as she rubbed her clit while he filled her. A few seconds later he could feel her insides grip him again as she came while his load splashed against her cervix one last time. She fell upon him and he felt her breath going in and out as she recovered. A few seconds later, she gave him a quick kiss, dismounted, and left the bed.

He almost took the goggles off, but covered up his shrinking cock instead.

---

Eighteen minutes earlier...

Roxy poked her head into her father's bedroom after he called out, noting that he was indeed deaf and blind, as required, before she waved her friend Anne over. Roxy hadn't been entirely truthful with her dad...while several of her friends had said at one point or another that they found her father hot, only one had actually agreed to fuck him. Anne was a pretty, curvy ash blonde...Roxy knew her father had checked her out a few times, so wouldn't complain about her extra few pounds, not that he'd know it was her.

Anne looked into the bedroom. "Holy shit!" she exclaimed. "And he can't see or hear me?"

"Nope! Hurry, or he'll think I'm pranking him."

Roxy closed the door behind her. She was tempted to open it back up a little when she heard Anne cry out in orgasm a few minutes later, but she was having mixed feelings about all this. Yes, it was hot that her dad was going to fuck her friend, but it was also her dad! Still, she continued to listen just outside the door, feeling confusingly aroused by the sexy sounds.

A while later she heard her father bellow out his release and backed away from the door. She waited, resting her back against the far wall until Anne slipped out, struggling to get her bra back on. Roxy turned her away and fastened it back up.

After Anne slipped her shirt back on, she pulled Roxy into a hug. "That was so awesome, Rox! I came so hard, like three times! That fucking long dong reached places that never got touched before."

"Um, I'm glad," Roxy replied nervously. "Tell the others, but nobody else, right?"

"Yeah!"

"Okay, I'll see you later then...seeya!"

"Byee!" Anne skipped down the hall, then paused. "Um, I have to use your toilet...his stuff's trying to drip out...heh."

"Use the downstairs one, then out the back, okay?"

"M'kay!"

Roxy stepped back into her father's bedroom and snickered when she saw that he was doing his best to cover up his penis. Then she was struck by the smell of pussy and opened a window before pulling the earmuffs from his head. "Wait a few more minutes before getting up...she's still here."

He waited until he heard Roxy close his door before getting dressed and then heard the downstairs toilet flush. He waited a couple more minutes before opening his door with a questioning look. His daughter was sitting on her bed, visible from his door, and she nodded. He headed over to her.

"Nice job, Dad...she was pretty happy. How you feeling?"

He sat next to her. "Kinda weird, but good. That was the second woman I've ever been with, y'know?"

She smiled. "I know...you and Mom were high school sweethearts."

"Yeah." Travis side-eyed his daughter. She looked much as she had before the sex -- not sweaty or with that post-orgasm glow her mother would get -- so it seemed that she hadn't tricked him. He sighed, relaxing.

She stood up. "Okay...so...you smell like pussy, so please go have a shower?"

"Uh, right!"

---

*Rdy 4 rnd 2?*

Travis looked at the text from Roxy as he was getting into his truck to head home. Unlike the first time a few days previous, on Sunday, he was beat from a hard day's work and just wanted to relax. *Tonight? Kinda tired* he sent back.

*Ur turning down hot teen sex?*

Yeah, good point, he thought. *Ok brt*

He insisted on a shower first, and then got into position before pulling on the sense-blocking equipment.

---

Opal pushed the door open and stared at Mr. Bell's naked body as he lay there. He was in great shape from his work, with a hairy chest and there was that long, hard cock that Roxy had mentioned. Opal had been intrigued by her crazy offer but there was no way that she was going to go first. After Anne had reported to the group chat how much she had cum from riding that dick, though, Opal had asked for the next turn.

She closed the door behind her and disrobed, though she kept her bra on. The pear-shaped brunette was self-conscious about her small A-cup breasts, even though Mr. Bell couldn't see her. She waved her hand in front of his face to make sure before climbing onto the bed.

There was no way that thing was going to fit into her little pussy dry, she realized, so she took it into her mouth and heard Mr. Bell groan. Startled, she turned to keep an eye on him as she licked and sucked, marveling that his cock could get even bigger. She reached down and played with her pussy and clit until she was wet enough. Finally, she dropped some saliva onto his cock head and moved astride his hips.

Then she remembered the condom in her jeans. She rubbed the head of that magnificent dick along her prominent pussy lips and shuddered in pleasure as she decided. She was a virgin -- though not physically due to her aunt's inappropriate, secret 18th birthday gift -- did she really want her first real penis to be covered with a condom? Well, she didn't want to get pregnant, of course, but she figured that she could put the rubber on after a bit. She nibbled her lower lip as she pressed herself down upon his cock, gasping as the head slipped inside. "Oh fuuuck..." she moaned, getting used to it. His shaft was only a little thicker than her dildo, but her toy didn't have a flared head.

Her body calmed and she bore down upon his hardness, feeling it slip inside a little more. She pulled up a bit and tried again. On the third try she felt something shift and his dick rushed straight up inside her. "OH!"

*Knock knock!* "Everything okay?"

"Yes! Don't come in...I'm good!" Opal called back. Then she looked down, marveling that Mr. Bell's mighty cock was all the way inside her. She wiggled her hips, feeling the head of his dick scrape some point inside her that had never been touched before, and giggled. Then she made a determined face and lifted up a bit before pushing back down. "Ohmigodd..." she moaned softly, her eyelids fluttering. Soon she was moving upon him more quickly, feeling that point, deep inside, being pleasurably poked by the tip of the man's cock. She could feel something coming, something big, deep inside her, and moved faster upon him.

When Mr. Bell started to thrust up into her, the dam broke...she shoved her fist into her mouth as the tip of his cock battered at her cervix and she came hard. "H-HHGK!" She collapsed upon his chest as her muscles stopped obeying her, pleasure blasting through her brain, cunt, clit, and hard little nipples as they rubbed at the inside of her bra. "Huhh! Ohhgdd!"

"Unghh!" Mr. Bell thrust up, hard.

"Uh?" She felt his cock throb deep inside her and realized that he was cumming into her unprotected depths, the condom forgotten in her pocket. "Oh nooouugghh..." She still couldn't move as spurt after spurt of her friend's father's proven babymakers assaulted the entrance to her vulnerable womb. "NNG! NNH!" Her eyes rolled up as her orgasming body could do nothing but take the dangerous substance deeper inside her.

"Sorry," Mr. Bell offered a few seconds later, "tried to hold out, but you were so tight..."

"That's...okay..." she replied, but then realized that his earmuffs were still on; she could hear him but not vice-versa. She pulled off of him, eliciting a groan from both of them, and then quickly grabbed the condom. It was too late to protect her, but at least Roxy wouldn't be mad. She unrolled the rubber and held it open between her legs, letting the dangerous substance drip out into it. She wasn't sure how much was normal, but once the drops tapered off, she tied the end and got dressed.

She stepped out of the bedroom, her face red, and dangled the condom in front of Roxy as proof. "Where do I put this?"

"Bathroom garbage," Roxy replied before taking a closer look. "Wait, that's it?" From what Anne had indicated, her dad shot big loads.

"Um...um...I swallowed some," Opal explained, her face somehow getting redder.

"Oh, you dirty girl."

---

Travis waited, his hands over his unit again until he felt his daughter pull the earmuffs off.

"Nice job, Dad. Wait two minutes before getting up."

He nodded and waited until he heard the door close before pulling off the goggles. His unknown fuck partner this time was definitely not the same as the first...this one had seemed inexperienced, and he had also felt a bra rubbing on his chest when she had collapsed upon him. Plus, such a tight pussy!

To Be Continued...

---

Krosis' home on the web: https://storiesonline.net/a/krosis-of-the-collective

Fans or pans? E-mail Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)