JJ's teacher thinks he needs "hands-on" training in biology.

This story is the property of the author.  It may be redistributed, copied and stored without changes, though it is not to be used by commercial entities.  Using this material in any commercial publication, including websites, without the express permission of the author, will be followed up with legal action. This fictional story was written for the entertainment of adults and should not be viewed by those under the legal age.

This is a story of casual, unprotected sex, and is a work of fiction. In real life, use a condom, damnit! Unwanted babies, HIV and all sorts of lesser sexual diseases await the idiot who "dips his wick" or "rides the rod" without protection.

---

Sniffle, Chapter 12 (mF, mc, nc, impreg?, reluc, safe)
by Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)

---

"So, spill," Marti demanded as they walked back to the park that was their usual meeting place.

JJ's pheromones had just affected some random woman at the mall, and he and Marti had taken her into a baby changing washroom and fucked her brains out. It was like the most ridiculous of porn videos, but it had actually happened, and now Marti knew that something bizarre was going on.

"I...have pheromones..." JJ began.

"What are those?"

He pulled out his phone and searched it up, not actually knowing the real definition, which turned out to be, "Small molecules released by organisms that act as chemical signals to induce certain behaviors in other organisms." An example was scents that attract animals to each other for mating.

"You...have these?" Marti stepped close to him and took a big sniff, and then looked skeptical.

"It only works when you're fertile," he explained. "Do you not remember the foursome with your mom and sister?"

She considered. "We were really grateful to you for helping us to kick my rapist stepdad out the door."

"Uh huh...and what about when you pulled my dick out right in front of your friends Gwen and, uh..." He had forgotten the plain blonde's name.

"Brooklyn?"

"Yeah, her. Brooklyn must not have been fertile, so she took off when things got sexual, but Gwen stuck around, despite not liking guys."

Marti thought for a moment. "I was so horny that day, thinking about you, but I only wanted to introduce you to my friends, not jump you right then and there."

"Exactly! Once you smelled me, you went fucking crazy, literally."

She stopped walking. "Wait...so you knew that would happen? You took advantage of me?"

He turned to face her. "No! I didn't know how it all worked then. My dad told me..."

"Your dad knows?!"

"My real dad, who recently visited me for the first time and explained it all...he has these pheromones as well. That was the day before I came over and you all kicked Bill out, also literally." JJ noticed they were just standing in the middle of the sidewalk, so he tilted his head to signal that they should start walking again.

As they continued, Marti screwed her face up, thinking hard. "So...you used your...pheromones...to convince Mom and Lina to kick Bill out, and then you fucked them both while they were fertile?"

"I tried to convince your mom to use a condom, but she wouldn't let me. My stuff tends to make women, well, dumb? Then you practically begged me to knock up your sister." JJ could feel his cock hardening at the thought.

Marti's face reddened. "Yeah, I do remember that. I think I may have an impregnation fetish now, thanks to you."

"Yeah, I noticed with Zara! You were all, 'You think these're gonna grow when they're full of milk?' while you were playing with her boobs. Jesus!"

She smiled. "Heh. So, you didn't take advantage of me." Then she gave a little frown. "I'm sorry I thought that, JJ." They had reached the park, and she turned and gave him a hug. Then she felt his hard-on pressing into her. "Hm...too bad there are people around..."

He pulled back to look at her face. "So you still want to have sex with me, even without the pheromones? My dad said that women just lose interest when they're no longer fertile."

She considered for a moment. "Did your dad do anything nice for his 'lovers', or did he just fuck them?"

"I...don't know. I haven't had a chance to have a real conversation with him, other than when he explained how it all works." Then at Marti's confused look, he told her about his and his dad's competing pheromones.

"Well, that's fucked up," she said when he was done. "You should be able to hug your dad. Mine died when I was six...I would give anything to hug him one more time."

"Gotta shovel?"

"Ew! JJ!" She punched him in the arm, but with a little smile on her face.

They sat for a while, enjoying the afternoon Spring sun. "So, was I your first?" Marti finally asked him.

Then JJ told her the story about Sally and her years of abuse, with the turnaround a few weeks ago due to his new ability.

"I think I want to punch her in the boob," Marti said, her jaw tense. "What a fucking bitch. Too bad I don't go to your school."

JJ thought that maybe that was a good thing. Sally was far larger than skinny Marti.

He thought for a little, and then decided to come clean and tell her about Jacinda's party, with the six senior students who jumped him, and then Jacinda's mother the next morning. "I don't want you to think I'm keeping anything from you," he told Marti. "I think you might be my best -- well, only friend."

"Aw, JJ..." she said with an awkward smile. "Sooo..." she started counting on her fingers, "...Sally, me, Gwen, my mom, my sister, six senior girls at that party, and then one of their mothers...oh, and Zara earlier." She was holding up 2 fingers, having surpassed 10. "That's 12 women you might have impregnated, in how long?"

JJ thought. "3 1/2 weeks, I guess? I'm in big fuckin' trouble, aren't I?"

Marti scrunched up her brow as she calculated. "24 days, so one every 2 days or so, on average? Yeah. I read recently that, depending on when in a women's fertile cycle you have sex with her, it's about a 10-30% chance of success. Even on the low end, 12 tries with a 10% chance is not bad odds for at least one baby, JJ."

"Oh, shit," he said, and dropped his head into his hands.

Marti rubbed his back and shoulders. "Maybe you'll get lucky and have a low sperm count. Also, there's no saying whether any of those women will take the morning after pill, have miscarriages, or get abortions."

He looked at her. "Did you or your family take Plan B, or are they likely to abort?"

"We didn't, and no, we wouldn't, or at least Mom wouldn't. Christian upbringing, y'know."

"Ugh," he dropped his head back into his hands.

"I'm really horny now, talking about makin' babies," she revealed. "Maybe we can have some fun over in the bushes?"

He stood up. "Actually, I should get home. My head's killing me now, thinking about all those possible babies, and I'm still a junior in high school. That okay?"

She stood up. "Yep...just don't blow me off again, alright? I understand that you thought I wouldn't like you anymore, but now you know that's not true." She gave him another hug.

"Okay...thanks Marti," he replied, and then headed home.

---

The next few days were pretty straightforward for JJ: the occasional girl at school would show interest in him, but he made sure to get away from her before it turned into impromptu amateur porn in the middle of the hallway. That worked pretty well until Wednesday, when Mrs. Carmichael, a voluptuous teacher with short brown hair, asked JJ to stay after class. He spotted the telltale signs of his pheromones affecting her, but could do nothing as she locked the classroom door and approached him after all the other students had left.

"Do you know why I asked you to stay after class, JJ?" she asked as she sexily sashayed toward his desk.

"Um, no, Mrs. Carmichael." But he did know.

She planted her butt on the edge of his desk, causing her above-the-knee skirt to rise up a little and show off her creamy thighs. JJ gulped. "You do well at biology, JJ, but I think you could do with a little 'hands-on' training." She unfastened the top button of her blouse, displaying the cleavage of her large breasts.

"Mrs. Carmichael, I should head home now." He slipped out of his desk and stood up, but this put him right next to her, giving his teacher a full blast of his scent. Her nostrils flared, and JJ stared at her in horror as her brown eyes became almost entirely black as her pupils opened wide.

She grabbed his shirt. "Young man, you will show me what you learned in sex education, right now." Then she pulled him to the front of the room, pulled down her skirt and panties, and bent over her desk. "Get that dick -- um, penis -- out!" she commanded.

At the sight of his curvy teacher bent over and ready for him, JJ's cock was hard. He quickly pulled his pants and underwear down, freeing it and causing the woman to lustily moan at the sight.

Sex education, JJ thought. "I have to use a condom. Safe sex, right, Mrs. Carmichael?" He knelt down and extracted one from his wallet.

"Hm? Oh, yes, good boy...I'm glad you were paying attention, but hurry!" She shook her bubbly butt at him.

This being only the second time JJ had used a condom, he had some trouble, but then he was guiding the head of his sheathed member into Mrs. Carmichael's very wet pussy.

"Yessss..." she hissed as he slid into her. "JJ, hurry and fuck me hard! I have to get home to my husband."

JJ shook his head at her logic, but grabbed her meaty hips and did as he was asked. Again he noted the slightly dulled sensation of fucking with a condom on, but it was worth it not to knock his teacher up! Still, with all the unprotected sex he'd been having in the last month, the difference slowed down his orgasm. "Can I touch your boobs, Mrs. Carmichael?"

"Ah, yes...yes..." She tried to unfasten her blouse one-handed while the other hand held her up, but then just gave up and pulled the blouse off as if it was a t-shirt.

JJ worked at her bra's fastener until the titsling was falling forward, away from the dopey woman's body. Then he reached around and grabbed both of her swinging mammaries, squeezing them.

"Oh! Yes, that's good, JJ..."

As he marveled at his teacher's large breasts, he heard Marti's voice in his head, 'You think they'll get bigger when they're full of milk?'

At the thought of impregnating his teacher, JJ groaned as his orgasm flashed through him, his body doing its best to do exactly that. His prostate emptied itself as he pumped his cum into the condom. Shaking, he pulled out, but with his inexperience with condoms, he didn't realize that he needed to hold it at the base of his cock as he did, and so his softening cock slipped free from the prophylactic while it remained mostly still within her vagina as his penis withdrew. "Oh, shit." He grabbed the dangling end and pulled it free, but not before some of his cum dripped onto the floor and a couple of drops hit her shoe.

"Oh! Is that...it?" Mrs. Carmichael asked, breathing heavily.

JJ tied up the condom and dropped it into the wastebasket. "Sorry, Mrs. Carmichael, but you asked me to be quick. Gotta go!" Then he quickly pulled his pants back up, grabbed his backpack and left, closing the classroom door behind him.

Mrs. Carmichael stood back up. She could still smell JJ's scent, urging her to mate with him, but even though she had, something felt missing. She sniffed and then looked down at her shoe, where a couple drops of his semen had landed. She knelt down, used her finger to wipe it off, and then reached up to the desk for a tissue. As she did, she instead popped the finger into her mouth.

Instantly, a small orgasm washed over her and she almost lost her balance. That was it! That was what she was missing! She spied the other drops of JJ's cum that had landed on the floor, but then she realized that there was a much larger and less dirty source at hand...

She reached into the wastebasket, pulled out the used condom, which had been sitting on top of some papers, and untied it. She then dipped her finger into the still-warm semen and brought it to her mouth. As before, the special hormones in JJ's semen made a connection with the molecules deep within her overheated body that she had inhaled from his pheromones, and she shook with another small orgasm.

But something still felt missing to her. She slathered her finger with more of his semen. Her hand moved down between her thighs.

Her logical mind was screaming at her that what she was contemplating was dangerous, especially at this time of the month. Her body was screaming something else at her. She used to base jump when she was younger, and now felt like when she was on the edge of a dropoff, ready to fly. She just had to take that last step...

She pushed the sperm-covered finger between her moist pussy lips and immediately came hard. "Oh Goddd..." she moaned. As she came down from the strong orgasm, she quickly extracted another finger full of his dangerous cum. More sperm quickly followed their brethren as she pushed it deeper inside her.

She lay back on her desk, her hips raised as she lined the opening of the condom up with her vagina. Then she pressed her fingers into it, turning it inside out within her and spilling all the rest of JJ's sperm there. She came hard, crying out in pleasure as JJ's seed inundated her vulnerable insides. As she continued to orgasm, the runnel of his cum reached her spasming cervix and some of his sperm slipped through, into her uterus, where they began their preprogrammed imperative to impregnate the fertile woman.

To be continued...

---

Krosis' home on the web: http://www.asstr.org/~krosis

Fans or pans? E-mail Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)