The Slumber Party War
by jastes22

Two friends try to outdo the other in their attempts to embarrass the other.

The Slumber Party War: Part 1 - The First Attack

Jade gawked at me. You did not!

A sort of girlish giggle came over me. I did! Planted a kiss right on his lips! He never saw it coming!

Did he do anything? Jade asked.

He was too stunned to do anything. Just stood there. I thought he was going to faint.

Hey, Sarah, do you have any more snacks? one of the girls asked. I jumped up and ran to the pantry, pulling out some more chips. Some of the girls stood to fill up their plates again before returning to their gossiping.

I looked over my group of slumber partygoers and felt a moment of accomplishment. Fresh from moving, I had to work hard to make new friends. Jade and I had hit it off really well, and I soon learned she was the leader of her little friend group. She was older, and acted as the mother of the group. With her graces, I became part of her group and made twenty or so instant friends.

Still, some of them had been leery to fully allow me into their group. This slumber party had been my idea to prove to the group that I deserved a spot and was someone they could have fun with. It seemed like the party was going well, and I hoped that would reward me with some goodwill.

But I needed something more, something to really make this party special.

My eyes fell on Jade. She was older than most of the group, and acted as a kind of mother to all of us. Her long blonde hair hung from her head, perfectly smooth and flawless. Her skin was tanned perfectly, with long slender legs and a full set of perfectly round tits.

Hey, Sarah, where did you move from, again?

Huh? I asked, a little distracted. Oh, um, Maine.

See! Told ya! the girl said to her friend. Must have been a bet, I figured.

Ugh, Maine sucks, Jade said. California is so much better. She said it in a way that was obviously meant as a joke, and some of the girls giggled. It was a running joke of the group, that I was from freezing Maine while they lived in luxurious Pasadena.

An idea. Hey! I said, mocking anger. You take that back!

Nope! Jade said, sticking her tongue out.

You take that back or Ill tickle you! I said. The girls laughed at my childish threat.

Jade just looked at me, content to keep our little joke going on. Id like to see you try.

I jumped on her and with a squeal she fell on her back. I ran my fingers up and down her stomach. She groaned, thrashing against me with no luck. I dug in harder, seeking her weak spots.

I pulled away, but didnt get off. Take it back!

Jade heaved, breathing heavy from her laughing. Her hair was a mess N-never!

Be my guest, I said. I pulled up her shirt and resumed my tickling, this time on her bare skin. She kicked and squealed. The feeling of power over her, the alpha of our group, was exhilarating.

Im going to give you one last chance, Jade!

O-or w-what? She said, her words trembling from my treatment.

I put my hands firmly on her tits, only her shirt and bra covering them. Or else these little beauties come out to play! Some of the girls cheered, and I felt a moment of pride, like a lion that had just captured its prey.

Jade blushed. You wouldnt dare! Her voice had the slightest hint of terror.

I grinned. Wouldnt I? I reached under her shirt and twanged the back of her bra. She squealed. I realized that Jade was self-conscious about her tits. The thought of having them exposed to anyone, even just us girls, was horrifying. Alright, fine! Maine doesnt suck!

Say you're sorry!

Im sorry! Im sorry! Her face was red and her breathing was hitched.

Now say California sucks!

Maine doesnt suck and California does! Im sorry! Please!

I nodded. For a brief moment, I wondered what other things I could get her to do. But that moment passed. I had done enough to her. Good. I forgive you, I said, and rolled off.

There was an audible sound of everyone releasing a breath that we didnt realize we were holding. The other had hoped to have seen more. Their reaction made me wonder how much further I could have gone. I got up and started to pull out some desserts.

For the rest of the night, no one spoke about what had just happened, but we could all feel it in the air. That brief moment of terror in Jades voice was oddly exciting. We had witnessed the alpha show fear. And like sharks circling water, we all wanted it again. As we all drifted off into sleep, I could hear the slightest whispers and giggles of our adventure.


The Slumber Party War: Part 2 - Counterattack

He did what?

He asked me out! In the middle of class! I said.

I cant believe it, Jade said. The nerve of that guy!

The party was a hit, and soon it became a tradition. Every weekend for the next month, the girls and I got together at my house for slumber parties. My parents traveled often and we had the run of the house. Go

You going to the beach this Saturday?

I'm not sure. Ive got a lot to do, I said.

Oh, come on, it'll be fun! Besides, you got to let that body of yours have some sunshine. I got a really cute bikini for you to try.

I shrugged. It wasnt like I didnt have a good body for it. I had a toned stomach and perky breasts, though a little on the small side, but I never like showing off my body. I just felt so exposed. Maybe next time, I said.

We should start the movie soon, one of the girls said.

The amount of soda I had drank came rushing up. Wait, let me use the bathroom real fast, I said. I ran to the bathroom adjacent to the kitchen.

When I opened the door, the lights were out, and everything was dark. Why

Get her!

Hands grabbed me. I shrieked as the girls hoisted me up in the air, carrying me over to the tv room and throwing me on the couch, facedown . Jade jumped on me and ran her fingers down my arms. I shrieked, my hair flying. Hands grabbed my limbs and pinned them down, giving me no ability to stop Jades onslaught.

My turn! Jade said with a voice of glee. She grabbed the hem of my shirt and pulled it completely off. I squealed, gasping at the sensation of my bare skin exposed.

She was relentless, holding nothing back and simply giggling at my pleas for her to stop. She was vicious, but she held back, making sure I could still breathe and that she wasnt hurting me. We were friends, but she was going to make sure she got back at me.

Finally, she pulled away, and I groaned, letting my head fall on the couch cushion. Jade didnt get off me, instead just looking at me. I squirmed, and realized she wasnt done.

"Girls? I think Sarah here deserves a spanking.

What? No!

Fingers hooked into my pajama bottoms and pulled them down. I groaned as I felt my legs come into view. My butt felt like it was sticking way up in the air. I knew that the girls could see the slightest edge of my cheeks.

I squealed at Jades spank, nice and hard. She only spanked me once, letting her hand rest on m butt. You know, this really should be done on the skin. She grabbed my panties and pulled them down. I groaned, knowing my pale butt was now fully in view. Save for the strap of my bra, my back was entirely exposed.

At Jades direction, the girls took turns spanking my bare bottom. Nist only did two or three, but the number added up after a couple of girls. Some went for loud spanks, while others went for eliciting the loudest squeal from me. I felt myself blush as the sensation of wetness crept into my crotch.

Jade finished me off, and her hand rested on my tush, stroking it for a moment. I was completely raw and knew that my skin had to be as red as my face. That seems only fair, she said. I whimpered.

She pulled my panties and pants back on and stepped off of me. I stood and threw my shirt on as fast as I could, blushing deeply. My crotch felt like it was going to explode.

The girls settled in for the movie, and I took my spot on the couch, folding my legs underneath me in an attempt to suppress the bubbling feelings in my crotch. I watched Jade, feeling a little stirring in my stomach. I would get back at her, I realized. She may think she had beaten me with her counterattack, but this was far from over.

This was war.


The Slumber Party War: Part 3 - Preemptive Strike

How was he? Jade asked.

I blushed. He was actually really sweet. Were going out again soon.

Im glad! Jade said. Seems like youre really taking to California.

I blushed. Rather than trying to respond, I excised myself to refill the snack bowls.

All the girls were tense, like waiting for a bomb to go off. It had been a few weeks, and everyone was waiting for me to make the next move after Jades spanking of me. I decided to wait, give Jade something to sweat about as tortuure before making a move.

I set the snacks down on the table and turned to face the girls, just as Jade pushed me down. I squeaked as my shirt was thrown off. Someone grabbed at my bra, but didnt unsnap it, instead shoving their fingers down my pants and caressing the fabric of my panties. I groaned. My heart rate was racing.

N-not fair! I stuttered.

Jade pulled my pants down to my hips so they hung there, still on, but doing nothing to cover my panties. You waited too long, Sarah. Consider this a preemptive strike. She grabbed the edge of my panties and pulled up. I groaned as the fabric slipped into me, my pussy already wet enough that it gave no resistance. The friction of my panties rubbing against my crotch left me gasping and sweating.
Look at that! One of the girls, Olivia, said. Shes so wet you can practically see her pussy! She gave me a hard slap on the crotch. I nearly keeled over. Jade puled my panties just slightly out. I felt the cold air touch the slightest bit of my pussy. Jade looked down at me, and I knew she was considering fingering me, right there, and making me cum in front of everyone.

Turn her around.

Hands grabbed me and turned me around. Some girls held my arms while other held me legs. All I could think about was how I stood there in only my underwear with my panties wedged into my body.
I felt Jades hand pull out my panties. I yelped, and waited for her to pull them down. She wouldnt strip me naked, would she? She had pulled down my panties last time, but this didnt feel the same.
Instead, I felt the panties being shoved up again. I groaned even harder as I felt the panties dig in more than before. I could hardly think straight, but I barely registered the back of my bra being pulled out, and my panties being hooked into my bra.

They stepped back, watching me writhe. The slightest movement just made my panties dig into my crotch even more, sending wonderful pangs of pain and pleasure up my body.

My foot started to slip. Jade caught me, setting me on the ground like a floppy fish. Im content to just let you lay there, Sarah, but if you can get up, Ill let you go.

I groaned, unable to move. There was no way I could move, and Jade knew that.

Still, I struggled, ignoring the shooting pain in my crotch. I needed to get up. Anything to make it stop so I could release myself on my terms.

My pussy started to burn more intensely, and by the time I realized what was happening, it was too late. Cum squirted all over the floor. I moaned, the sensation like pure bliss. The girls all squealed in disgust and laughter. I blushed a deep red, and the girls had a moment of silence, just looking at me. I had just orgasmed in front of all my friends, and I couldn't think of anything more embarrassing. Still, in the back of my mind, I knew this made the girls like me even more. They were in awe of me, that I could be so bold as to cum in front of them.

I think thats good for one night, Jade said. She unhooked my panties from my bra. I gasped as my body was finally released. My whole body was covered in sweat, and my crotch felt sticky. Until next time, Sarah, Jade said.


The Slumber Party War: Part 4 - Retaliation

Have you guys done it yet?

I blushed. Im not that kind of girl, I said. Im kind of shy when it comes to that.

Jade grinned. Didnt seem like it last week.

I grimaced, and tried to focus my mind on the sound of the falling rain rather than think about the embarrassment that had ensued. Unlike the first time, the girls and Jade had been quite open about the events of the last slumber party, even to the point of teasing me about my girly parts. It felt oddand yet slightly excitingto have the girls talk so openly about how my pussy had been slightly on display and how I had orgasmed all over the floor. And from all their talk, the girls were getting hungrier for more.

I was in trouble, and Jade knew it. Not only had she gotten the jump on me and given the girls exactly what they wanted, she had also gotten my body to betray me in showing everyone that I had gotten off on Jades treatment.

I needed to do something big, and I needed to do something fast, or I would quickly lose control of this war and would be completely in Jades power.

There was a rumble of thunder, and the chatter in the room fell a little to listen to the skys grumblings. Storms were infrequent in California, so having one to fall right on a party night felt particularly ominous.

Or an opportunity, I thought. Casually, I walked over and opened the back door, just slightly.

Hey, Jade, look at this! I said, holding my phone. He texted me something!

Jade came over, looking excited. What is it?

In a swift motion, I opened the door entirely and shoved Jade out onto the porch. I shoved the door closed and locked it. Jade started to scream and thrash, but her efforts were only served to draw attention of the rest of the girls. They gathered around like vultures, waiting for the kill. What would I do?

Frankly, I wasnt sure. I hadnt thought that far ahead. I just knew that I needed to stop Jades momentum and gain control.

Jade scowled from the other side of the clear door, her hair and clothes soaked. Let me in! she screamed.

I laughed, as if the whole thing had just been a silly joke, and unlocked the door. Sure, come on in.

She sighed, pulling the door open.

I put my hand on her stomach, holding her at the threshold. Actually, you know what? You shouldnt be inside with those wet clothes, I said.

But--

I grabbed her damp pajama bottoms and threw them off. They fell in a crumbled heap at her feet. She yelped and instinctively reached down for them. In her bent position, I grabbed the hem of her shirt and ripped it off. She squealed, throwing her arms around her body, clad in only her underwear.

Jade...are you getting turned on by this? I asked. Her breathing was hitched

She blushed, sensing her power over the situation rapidly unraveling. N-no!

I shrugged. Regardless, we should probably get your underwear off, too, considering theyre wet. The girls held their breath. Was I actually going to strip the leader of our group completely naked?

What? No! She wrapped her arms around her body harder, prepared to swat away any hands that reached for her.

I think its only fair, Olivia said. She reached over and twanged Jades bra. She squealed and moved both of her arms to her bra. I reached over and grabbed her panties. Assaulted on both sides, she panicked and moved back suddenly. The fabric in my hands ripped into pieces, and suddenly Jade stood there with nothing to cover her bottom.

Look at her bush! Olivia yelled. Jade blushed, but didnt move her hands from her bra, instead opting to just let us get a good, nice look at her pussy.

I tried to sense the room. Actually taking her bra and leaving her entirely naked seemed too harsh, but the girls still wanted more. And I was obliged to do so.

Put her on the table, I said. The girls picked up the screaming and thrashing Jade and deposited her on the table. At my instruction, they spread her legs as far as they would go.

I climbed up onto the table, straddling her. Tears were welling up in her eyes, and her beautiful, silky blonde hair was still wet from the rain, outlining her head like a halo. She moaned as I started to stroke her crotch. Her moan picked up in intensity when I grabbed a tuft of her pubic hair and pulled. Im going to give you a choice, Jade, I said. Either you let us take off your bra, or you let us shave your pussy and see how wet you really are.

Her eyes widened. By giving her a choice, I was making her choose between two embarrassing outcomes, and she would indirectly be responsible for whatever happened.

She laid there, silent, unable to decide on her fate.

We're waiting, I said. I pulled on her hair again, eliciting a beautiful squeal from her.

S-shave, she said, finally.

Hmm?

S-s-shave me, she said, her lips trembling, looking almost horrified at her own words.

Shave you where?

She glared at me as I prolonged her torture. Shave my pussy.

Why do you want us to shave your pussy?

Something passed over her. Submission, I realized. I had broken her, at least momentarily, and I could do whatever I wanted to.

I want you to shave my pussy so you can see how wet I am.

Good. I stroked her cheek, and she purred at my touch. I could deny my own wetness that was growing in my crotch.

Olivia ran up to grab a razor and shaving cream from my bathroom. The girls spread Jades legs even wider, the girls flexibility suddenly working against her.

She groaned as I started to apply the cream, intimately, making sure every bit of her was explored and covered. After what felt like several minutes of putting it on, I reached for her pussy with the razor. I felt her gasp as I started to shave her, alternating from the razor to my fingers and rubbing her exposed crotch. As I finished, I set the razor down and then spread her bare lips with both hands. Girls? How wet is she?

Very, Olivia said, putting a finger into her friends pussy and pulling out a slick finger. Jade moaned, struggling against the girls who held her down.

Now, now, dont struggle, I said. I reached behind her back and undid the clasp of her bra and tugged on it just slightly as to be free from the friction of her skin. She froze, knowing that the slightest movement would make her lose her bra.

Go on, girls, I said. Another girl took Olivias place, digging in hard with the goal of eliciting as much movement from Jade as possible to get her to lose her last bit of clothing.

Amazingly, Jade held on. Shuddering and trembling, she bit down her lip, forcing her body to stay rigid. The girls continued to dig in, giggling at Jades attempt to stay still. Some focused on getting as much of their fingers inside her as possible, while others simply stroked her crotch or the insides of her legs.

Im impressed, I said. I didnt think youd make it this far. I reached over.

Wait--

I reached under her bra and squeezed her right breast. Her nipple was completely erect and hard as a rock, a fact I took advantage of by rolling it with my fingers. She screamed, and the girls on the other end squealed as hot cum squirted out of her. With her legs spread out, there was nothing to stop the girls cum from gushing out all over the grass.

I felt a moment of satisfaction. Good. Now we were even.

She collapsed into a heap on the table, her arms finding their way back to her bra and holding it up against her chest. I looked at her with the rest of the girls, feeling a sense of accomplishment. I leaned down and whispered to her. This seems only fair, I said. Now, If you want to admit defeat...

N-never, she gasped, her stomach heaving for air.

I pulled back and grinned. I had taken back power.


The Slumber Party War: Part 5: Truce - A truce between Sarah and Jade doesn't last long.

You should really invite him to one of these someday, Jade said. What was his name again?

I blushed. How did Jade always know how to embarrass me? Brian. And no way I invite him to our slumber parties. These are for girls only.

She rolled her eyes and gave me a slight punch on my shoulder.

I gasped, nearly jumping at her touch.

Jade looked at me and smiled. She knew she had me on edge. She had all of us on edge. Anything could happen at any moment.

She sighed at my reaction. This is stressful. Lets just enjoy the night. Call it a truce? She held out her hand.

I narrowed my eyes. What was she playing at? Still...it would be nice to actually be able to relax. Deal. I took her hand and shook.

Word of our truce made it around, and slowly the tension dissipated, and we settled into our night of gossiping and fun.

I need to use the bathroom, Jade said loudly before making a big show of walking over.

What was that about?

Olivia got closer to me, whispering. I heard she plans on stripping you naked tonight. Like, completely.

What? We have a truce, I said.

No, its true, another girl said. I heard her talking about it. Says she wants to get back at you. Wants you to put your guard down.

Something felt off. Had Jade actually said that, or were the girls just trying to stir something up? I had full intention of honoring our truce, but it was almost like she wanted us to do something, announcing her bathroom break like that.

Jade stepped out of the bathroom. Her eyes locked on me, and then on Olivia and the other girls beside me. I could see the gears of her mind running. Was I planning to betray her? Was I plotting with the girls some sort of embarrassment? She had taken a preemptive strike against me, so why shouldnt I do the same?

Apparently, she decided against confronting me and instead took a spot by some of the other girls who were playing a card game.

Slowly, we all settled in to sleep in our blankets and pillows. I could hear the last few girls giggling about something, but I couldnt sleep. I focused on my breathing, trying to make it as still as possible.
I felt something stir beside me. I froze, knowing without a doubt that it was Jade. She moved closer to me, holding her breath. I felt her hand touch my shoulder, shaking me slightly, testing if I was awake.
Her hand grabbed the hem of my shirt. I spun on the ground, wrapping my legs around her arm and pulling her down. She squealed and fell to the ground.

Liar! I yelled. You said we had a truce!

B-but... She trembled, obviously not considering if she got caught. I didnt mean...
I grabbed her arms and pinned her down. Everyone was up, looking at us both. Girls, grab some long socks. Were taking Miss Jade outside.

What?

I tied her arms behind her back, tight, and then walked her outside to the front yard. It was pitch-black save for the streetlight, and the air was cool and fresh. Jade trembled at my touch as I pushed her to a nearby tree.

You cant do this outside! Where people could see! She pleaded.

I shrugged. I tied up her hands above her head, and pushed her legs apart. Theres no one out here this late. And you did betray our agreement. I think that calls for punishment. I reached down and ripped the hem of her shirt. She squealed, pulling against her bonds. Wait, please--

Olivia, grab some scissors.

Jade groaned, the tears starting to form in her eyes. Even though there really was no one around, the fact that we were outside made it even more exciting, the thought of anyone witnessing the public humiliation of Jade intoxicating.

I snipped the rest of her pajama top and threw it aside. I grabbed her bra, and Jade dissolved into tears. What will you give me if I let you keep your bra?

She moaned, her mind racing. Anything!

I shrugged. Not good enough. I snipped her bra, and it fell apart to the ground. Her beautiful, flawless tits came into view. She screamed and thrashed, but her tits only bounced and jiggled from her attempts. I could see already that her nipples were growing hard.
I pushed myself up against her, grabbing a tit and squeezing. She groaned, shuddering at my touch. I dont know why youre so shy about letting others see these beauties, I said. She could only sniffle and tremble at my touch. Theyresensitive.

Oh, really? I took both of her orbs in my hands and squeezed harder, digging in my fingernails into her nipples. She groaned, her entire body shaking with pleasure

I grabbed her pajama bottom and starting to cut down the right leg, and the left. The bottoms fell apart easily, and suddenly she was clad in only her cute little panties.

Anything to say for yourself, Jade?

You were going to do it first! She said, still breathing hard. I was just trying to get ahead of it.

I shook my head. I wasnt planning on it. I was perfectly content to spend the night with you going embarrassment-free.

I stepped back and looked at her, imagining all the things I could do.  And the way you made sure everyone knew you'd have your guard down...I think you wanted this to happen. Just know that you could have avoided this, I said. I grabbed the edge of her panties, and with a single*snip*, her panties came loose. I pulled it off partly, so some of her pussy was visible, but the panties still held on, held by the friction between the fabric and her skin.

Still, with Jades trembling, it was enough. We all held our breath as the last piece of clothing fell to the ground. It was one thing to spank someones bare butt or their pussy, but it was another thing entirely to see someone completely naked and completely exposed. The fact that she was tied up heightened the sense of finality of her defeat.

We looked her up and down, from her perfect titswhich, for some reason beyond my understanding, she was so self-conscious aboutto her freshly-shaved pussy and then her cute little bare feet. The fact that her hands were tied above her head meant her entire body was outstretched, giving us an unobstructed view of everything.

No pictures, I said as some of the girls started reaching for their phones. I think this is embarrassment enough.

Jade looked at me through tear-soaked eyes, a slight look of relief coming over her face. I wasnt going to hurt her, she knew that, but the terror I could ensue in her was quickly becoming addicting.

How many times do you think we can finger her before she cums, girls?

Olivia grinned. Lets find out.

The girls took turns poking their fingers inside her pussy. Some were light and quick, while others dug in and explored. Throughout it all, Jade moaned and groaned, trying desperately to remain quiet but failing.

My turn, I said. I pushed myself to the front as the last girl finished. Jade looked at me with wide eyes. Her body was covered with sweat and trembled from the pressure in her crotch. Her pussy glistened with fluid.

I poked my finger inside the poor girl and used my other hand to grab her buttcheek and squeeze. She gasped at the sensation and nearly stumbled as I pushed her forward towards my mouth. My teeth wrapped around her nipple and bit down. Her scream turned into a desperate moan as her cum dripped down the insides of her legs in a steady stream.

I pulled my hand out and wiped her cum on her crotch. I untied her from the tree, and she crumbled in my arms.



