Testing Your Limits
byJonfromEssex©

Testing Your Limits Ch. 01

Chapter One. Just the Start

You sit at your desk working at your PC, your office mates could not dream of what was in your mind. Today you are wearing a nice smart office suit. Grey jacket & matching knee length skirt. Your legs are under her desk clad in sheer black nylons. Black court shoes & 1 ½" heels. A model of respectability. Your white silk blouse is quite thin but under the jacket causes you no concern.

Until a few days ago everything was mundane & normal, that is until you got in contact by chance with me.

You have a little secret, an itch that needs scratching, something you have not admitted as yet to yourself. My guess is you want to be controlled. Till now you have been in charge but to submit to another's demands has lit a spark inside you.

You see a flag on you email from me, & check around to see you are not overlooked before opening it. You read my latest request....I never demand....as I think you will comply for your own pleasure.

The request is simple. Go to a supermarket on the way home & I will text you a list of items to get.

An hour later you are in the local supermarket carrying a basket when your phone bleeps to signal a new text. You blush & look around as you take in the items you are requested to get.

Strawberries, Chocolate, Whipped cream, candles, baby oil & pack of condoms. 

You hurry around the store picking up the items trying to hide them under a magazine you have added.

Five minutes later you put the items on the check out belt by a till with a lady in her late 50s serving. Your phone bleeps again.....

And a cucumber!

You wince slightly & run to the salad area. When you return the till operator has changed, now it's an 18 year old lad who smiles at you as you add the item. His smile grows as each purchase is scanned. You are blushing deeply when you pay & he says,

"Have an enjoyable evening!"

You rush out to your car & feel your knickers damp with excitement as the seat pushes them against your aroused body.

The next day is the weekend so my request can take a little longer. Your partner is away for a few days. I know you are a very sexy woman with a fantastic body, but you are happier to hide in a crowd?

Today you might not get the chance. The postman delivers a package you are not expecting so you take it to your bedroom to open it. You find inside a shear white g string, light blue skirt & a white button up blouse & sandals....together with a note.

"Today you will be going to Lakeside shoe shopping. You will wear only what I have provided. You will take your time & brows a few shops before you choose. You are to buy some sexy heels, at least 4" high & find a male shop assistant to help you. Remember I will be watching...."

You have breakfast & shower, apply light make up & dry your hair. You slip on the thong & pull it up you thighs. Is soon settles against your pussy, the flimsy sheer material doing little to cover you lips. The string back sits tight in your bum crack.

You slide your arms into the short sleeve top & begin to button it up till you realise the top few buttons are missing. The blouse is a good fit & flatters your trim figure but will only button up leaving a generous cleavage with the top button fastened just below your breasts. The skirt is next & fits tight around your hips but flares out slightly at mid thigh, from where your l stunning legs are exposed.

You slip on the sandals pick up your bag & drive to lakeside. Another phone bleep.

"Park away from the shops at the edge of the car park"

You find a suitable place & then walk into the Mall. You attract lots of glances from the men & a few of the women. You look very stylish. Very sexy without being slutty.

The shops are quite busy as usual as you start to look in the windows of the shops. You notice your reflection in the glass & smile at how good you look; almost forgetting you are under instruction.

You venture to the upper floor & are a bit surprised to see a few men close behind you on the escalator all trying to peek up your skirt. You blush a little & skip off the top of the moving stairs causing your skirt to flick slightly higher. Another phone bleep....

"Go to the food court buy a coffee & sit at the third table from the left. You will find an envelope underneath..."

You buy your drink & head for the table, its quite high with a tall stool next to the glass balustrade.

You hop up onto the stool letting your legs part for a second to get comfortable. A guy on the escalator smiles as he peaks more thigh than you think.

You unstuck the envelope & read the note.

"Find the shoe shop one floor down & to the right....There are some stunning red heels in the window with ankle tie straps. There is a male assistant...ask for his help but make sure you give him the best view he has ever had fitting shoes.....Have fun"

You find the shop & see the shoes, the male assistant makes a B line for you without being asked...not surprising by the way you look.

"Can I help you Miss?" he enquires his eyes already roaming your hot body, undressing you with his eyes.

"Yes please can I try the red heels in the window in a size4??"

"No problem take a seat towards the back & I will be right with you."

You sit down & 30 seconds later he returns. He is in his mid 50s & not your type at all but the situation is getting you excited. He sits on the low stall in front of you & you place a foot on the slope. You lean forward To remove your sandal & the guys eyes go wider as he looks at your breasts only just contained in you shirt. You swap legs & your skirt rides higher up your thigh. The assistant is sweating slightly as he helps fit the shoe. His hands take a little too long holding your calf while he secures the ankle strap. 

Again you swap feet for the other shoe to be fitted, but this time you let your knees fall apart 6 or 7 inches. The guy tries to concentrate on the shoe but his eyes are straining to see into the shadow under your skirt.

With both heels on you stand & walk towards the mirror, giving an extra wiggle of the hips as you walk. You fingers play with the hem of the skirt as you twist your leg back & forth to admire the shoes. They do look hot.

You return to the seat. The salesman is almost drooling..

Sitting down you hitch your skirt higher up your thigh, sit back & place a foot back on the stools slope.

"Yes these are fine I will take them"

"Very good miss. Let me help you remove them. 

He kneels down in front of you & you feel his breath on your knees which part slightly more. WHAT ARE YOU DOING! Your brain screams but your legs spread even wider. Now at least a foot apart the salesman has a clear view of your g-string. The white sheer lace has gone completely transparent with your juices & he can see every detail of your delicious lips. He swallows hard & leans forward.

"Not today honey" you whisper & close your legs. 

He coughs splutters an apology & stands up. 

"Do I get any discount on the shoes?" You ask.

"I'm afraid not miss as they have already been paid for before you came in!!"

You leave the store as your phone bleeps again.

"Nice show ...you look stunning....Time to go but when you are half way to your car remove your thong & hang it on the rear view mirror as you drive home."

You look around but cannot see me. You know I must be close & want me closer. But that will have to wait for another time...


Testing Your Limits Ch. 02

Chapter 2. Our first meeting. 

A week goes by with no contact, and then you receive another package.

This time it contains a beautiful silk negligee in black with fine white lace trim & spaghetti straps. A matching thong the size of a postage stamp is also provided. There is also a note....

"You are to go to the Holiday Inn nearest to your home on Thursday afternoon. Be there at 2pm. prepare yourself to look your best. Sign in as yourself & you will be given a key...Room 69 is too much of a cliché....to room 442. Go in & get changed into the items provided & follow the instructions you find."

You have two days of anticipation but start to plan ahead. Early Thursday morning you visit your favourite salon, your hair is washed & blow dried in a style that frames your face to perfection, you have your finger & toe nails polished a vivid red as you have previously been told it's my favourite. Next you legs are waxed, wincing with each strip. Finally hot wax is poured on your pubic mound & around your crotch till all hair except a wisp of landing strip remains. The assistant rolls you over & removes a few stray hairs from your butt crack.

You have a light lunch; apply a small amount of make up & a few sprays of perfume in all the right places. Collecting your bag & keys you head for your car.......

The key to room 442 is ready when you arrive & you take the lift to the fourth floor. The key card swipes the door & you find yourself in a large double room with a large full height window looking out over the neighbourhood. An envelope is on the bed.

"Get changed, & lie on the bed & wait. I will be there shortly. You must not say a word or ask a question when I arrive or else you will pay a forfeit. There is a blindfold under the pillow put it on before I arrive."

You quickly change in the bathroom, & check your look in the mirror. The G string only accentuates your pussy lips & makes you look even sexier than if you were naked. The negligee is tight across your nipples with the lace neckline plunging almost to your navel. The hem skims the top of your thighs barely covering you knickers & still showing the under curve of your bum. 

You lay out on the bed arranging your long legs as best you can to conserve your modesty. It's a loosing battle. You fit the eye mask just as there is a knock at the door.

You feel the air in the room move as the door opens & I enter.

"Hhhhello?" you whisper when nothing has happened for 3 minute.

"That will be your first forfeit for disobedience." I say making you jump by the closeness of my voice to your ear.

"Stand up & turn around three times." Again you comply & are soon disorientated. You feel my hand on your elbow as I guide you forward.

"You will stand still with your hands behind your head for 5 minutes. You will not move. After 3 minutes I will remove your mask but you must NOT look around." You assume the position & give a slight shiver. Something has changed that has made your nipples even more erect. The seconds tick by....Then you feel the mask being untied & you blink in the light.

You gasp as you realise you are 2inches from the full height window & fully exposed to anyone who should look up. You scan the passers by & notice a van driver parked up staring up at you a camera phone in his hand. People are in the office block across the street & you notice two girls at PC's nudging each other & pointing. At least there is not a whole line of guys looking you think...slightly disappointed.

The mask is reattached & you hear the blinds being closed. You are led back to the bed & told to lie back & rest on your elbows.

I take in your beauty for a few seconds, you are breathtaking.

I move close & caress your legs up to the knee...you moan with pleasure but are careful not to break my rule of no talking. Something tickles your ankle & you feel your leg being pulled to the side. You bend the other knee to close the view of your knickers. The feeling remains but you find your leg is secured close to the corner of the bed. Your other leg is pulled gently over spreading you wide. Your thong is now virtually transparent with your moisture. I leave your arms unrestrained for now with you looking down your body over your exposed stomach, the negligee having ridden up past your navel.

You feel my breath on your thigh & feel my weight as I kneel on the bed. You feel gentle kisses up each inner thing left then right & back. Getting closer to your dripping pussy. A gasp escapes you lips as you feel my tongue press the thongs material into the folds of your labia.

I tease you with my tongue bringing you closer to a peak each time before backing off. Your g string is pulled to the side allowing me to feast on your lower lips & feast on the honey they are producing.

45 minutes later I take pity on you & let you have some relief. I insert a finger then two into your steaming hole & attack your clit with my mouth. Gentle bites licks & sucks with my fingers sawing into you. Your body tenses & you arch your back, only your feet & neck & shoulders in contact with the bed as your climax shatters every nerve in your body....

"You must be thirsty now?" I ask & you nod in response

"Stay still & don't move then."

A few minutes pass & you are shocked to hear a knock at the door...

"Room Service!"

"Come in its not locked."

You dare not move as you hear a waiter enter with a tray of drinks.

"What the Fuxxx." He says as he catches sight of you on the bed.

I smile at him & nod. "For your tip you can touch her anywhere you like for ten seconds."

"Cool." He says. He sounds young & eager & you instantly feel his hands grabbing your tits. He mauls them hard before dropping his hand to your cunt. Before he can get far I call time. He sees the look on my face & knows not to push his luck. 

"You can take one photo to prove it to your mates then leave. You will not tell anyone about this until tomorrow! Understand?"

The guy nods snaps a quick photo & exits the room.

We are alone again.

"You need to behave now as I have a surprise for you?"

I untie your legs & remove your blind fold.

You look at me for the first time but my face is hidden by a Zorro type mask keeping my identity secret.

As you watch I undress, removing my dark Italian suit, red tie, & crisp white shirt. I pull down my designer shorts to expose a healthy half hard cock. Shoes & socks have already been removed.

I move towards you & you bite your lower lip seductively, your eyes flick between my growing erection & the steel blue eyes looking out from the mask. You quickly scan the rest of my body. Medium athletic build but not a sculpted Adonis. Your lips curl into a naughty smile so I assume you are not too disappointed.

You tip your head back as I kiss your neck & throat, then move to your ear.

I move over you & reach out....& rip the beautiful lingerie from your body with a loud tare. Your g-string gets the same treatment.

You are shocked by the destruction but cannot before your left nipple is sucked between my teeth. The right is pinched hard between my finger & thumb.

You begin to writhe in pleasure.

I tell you to roll over & position you with your knees spread your head & chest on the bed & your back side raised. 

"Pull your cheeks apart for me I have something for you." Your eyes go wide as you feel the tip of my tongue circle the puckers hole of your anus. Before you feel my saliva start to lubricate the whole area. A further shock as you feel a small(ish) glass dildo pus into your back passage. It slides in easily & you feel every ridge pass your sphincter. It is cool from the glass of iced water it has rested in, but your body heat soon makes the toy feel hot. 

I gently begin to move it in & out, you hips stating to match my rhythm. You start to pant but I won't let you cum yet. As you excitement begins to get critical, I pull out the dildo & move tight behind you. My hard 6 ½ inch cock rubs against your pussy lips a few times taking on your cream before with a slight adjustment I plunge into you to the hilt. You catch your breath & push back feeling every vein in my penis as it pounds you hard. You grip the bed sheets with your fists & cum hard for a second time, which blends almost straight away into another....

I am very close & pull out rolling you over as we move together. Without asking asking, just knowing you lower your head into my lap & swallow me whole. Your tongue plays with the ridge along the underside of my cock & your lips leave a red lipstick ring around the base. Too much.... I pull out & with you looking up at me with your big beautiful eyes I shoot my load of white hot cum over your out stretched tongue. A couple of drips escape & run over your lips till you catch them with a finger & lick it clean.

I get dressed & leave you in a sticky heap on the bed. Your hair is messed up your thighs are slick with your own juices & you run your tongue around your teeth looking for more of my seed.

"I will be in touch." I say & leave you with a contented smile on your face...


Testing Your Limits Ch. 03

Chapter 03

Two weeks pass and the anticipation is killing you. 

At work you are called to reception as there is a delivery for you. You have forgotten that it is Valentines Day and are surprised to see the large bouquet of red roses and bright red package and card. You are the envy of all the other girls, you set the flowers aside and open the card.

"Tonight I want you to go to your gym and do a full work out. I have provided a new outfit for you. I will send more instructions later." 

You open the package to find a new Lycra leotard with a black and white panel down the front. You smile as you know I am aware of your routine, Monday night is Gym night!

Work finishes, you head for the gym, enter the changing rooms and select your locker. You are alone as you strip off your outer work clothes to reveal the sexy black matching underwear set you had selected that morning You unclip your front fastening bra and your gorgeous round breasts are set free, your nipples harden slightly at the exposure to the air. Next you slide your bikini briefs down your toned legs. The gusset sticks to your moist folds briefly until pulled away as you bend straight legged to remove your panties. You stand up just in your black patent heels and see yourself across the changing room in a full length mirror. You know you feel sexy but the reflection confirms you look good too. 

Reaching into your bag you pull out your new outfit, including trainers. You step into the leotard and pull it on slipping your arms into the straps. Looking back at the mirror you are stunned by your look. Still in heels which you quickly remove you look at your body. The outfit is a perfect fit, at least where it covers; cut high on the hip with a deep vee to your pubic mound. A reasonable amount of cleavage is showing but the arm holes are cut low exposing the curve of your breast to the sides. The white front panel reaches from just outside your nipples and tapers down to your crotch. It is not a thong back, but your cheeky bum is struggling to stay contained. If possible you look even hotter now than when naked!!!

You move into the gym area noticing the looks from the other members. The men's eyes look straight through your outfit while the women all know they are out classed. You start a few warm up stretches before hitting the treadmill for a run. You feel your heart rate increase as you hit your stride. A good looking hunk in vest and shorts smiles at you and starts to talk, but before he can say hello you tell him you are busy.

You move on to the rowing machine and notice your body heat increases as you tone your arm and leg muscles. After ten minutes you stop, stand up, and walk to the thigh trainer. You sit back and grip the hand holds and knee bars and start pounding the weights. Your knees go from squeezing the bars to wide spread as you pump the iron. You feel the bottom of your leotard working into your crack and pulling tight on your vagina lips. 

You take a breath and gulp some water but some drips from your lips drops down your chest.

As you look down you freeze at the sight!

The moist sweat from your hot body has soaked into your outfit turning the white front panel almost transparent. Your nipples and areola are pushing into the material, their darker colour prominent against your thrusting breasts. Further down you see the dark line of your trimmed

pubic hair also clearly visible. Blushing deeply you run to the changing rooms followed by a hail of wolf whistles.

Back in the changing room you rush to you locker and open the door. You are again shocked to find you locker empty except for a small towel with another note.

"Time to hit the Unisex Sauna. Stay at least 15 minutes, wear only the towel, it's against the rules but that's tough."

You pull off your outfit, peeling it from your hot body and put it in the locker. You wrap the towel around your body and find that if you just cover your nipples, the lower edge just skims the lower curve of your butt cheeks. Trying to cover the best you can, you slip into the steam filled room, finding it empty. You move down to the far end and sit on the wooden bench. This action tugs on your towel making your tits pop out. Pulling the towel up only exposes you lap and pussy.

As you struggle with the towel the door opens, a young guy comes in just wearing shorts. He sits opposite you and gazes at you through the mist. His hard body is covered in sweat from the steam causing you to lick your lips.

He smiles and nods at you as you realise the towel has slipped again exposing a breast. You start to cover up when you see his hand move into the waste band of his shorts. He nods again and his hand begins to move in his shorts. You are so hot and getting turned on, you let the towel fall more, exposing both breasts to him. His movements continue so you move your legs slightly letting the towel pool on either side of you. You are fully exposed to him as you slip a finger over your dripping pussy lips. You jerk slightly as you touch your sensitive clit. 

Resting your head against the wall you maintain eye contact as the guy pulls his hard dick from the waist band of his shorts and strokes the bulging head. You are both in a race to see who will cum first. Your fingers are a blur rubbing your soaking pussy lips. He closes his eyes, groans and shoots his load all over his stomach and up his chest. You are so close to orgasm and very turned on by the situation when you hear voices outside.

The guy stuffs his dick in his shorts winks and leaves the sauna. You are on fire but can hear others approaching the door, so quickly wrap up as best you can and head for the showers with juices running down your legs.

The changing room is still empty which is a surprise, and you find your favourite shampoo and shower gel next to the end shower stall. You drop the towel and turn on the hot water, stepping in to let the jet caress your skin. You drip gel onto your hand and rub your body, feeling the sensitive curves under your fingers and the hardness of your nipples as you soap your breasts. As you rinse the last of the shampoo from your hair the shower curtain behind you is pulled aside!

Before you can turn, I am there in the shower with you, holding you tight against the wall with one hand on the back of your neck and twisting into your hair for a firm hold. Your breasts are pushed against the tiled wall grazing your nipples against the hard surface.

"Do not look around. Do not speak. I will not hurt you. Just do as I say."

You nod as best you can in my tight grip. I pull you back against me and you can feel my erection growing hard against your bum crack. Moving my hands I adjust your position so you are leaning forward, your arse raised and your hands are flat on the wall. Warm water cascades down your back. I smile at the sexy intricate tattoo on the small of your back which accentuates your slim body.

With a sharp tug on your hair I pull you back and my dick slides deeply into your slick pussy. In one smooth movement I have you impaled on my manhood. I let you get used to the size for a few seconds before starting a steady deep rocking of my hips, and moving your body in a perfect match to mine.

Other women enter the changing room and you bite your lip to try not to make a noise, but the sound of my thighs are a regular smacking sound on your bum that would be hard for them to miss. Our rhythm increases as I pound you hard from behind. Breathing is more erratic as you push back firmly, feeling the head of my cock bottoming out in your smouldering vagina.

I feel my balls tighten and get that sensation at the base of my penis that I will not last much longer. You begin to pant and we thrust together harder and harder with my other hand I reach around and pinch your left nipple between my fingers. You shudder with pleasure and you feel an explosion inside. Your whole body goes tense than begins to twitch. Your pussy grips me hard and I feel your internal sex muscles ripple along my rod. Its too good, way too good, I can't hold out any longer and fire thick ropes of creamy cum into your you, 3, 4.....5 shots before I slowly pull out. Dribbles of cum ooze from your pussy, only to be washed away by the shower. I stroke the back of your hair and whisper in your ear.

"Remember, don't look around....Wait two minutes then go to your locker."

You hear the curtain move and I am gone. 

On slightly shaky legs you stand and rinse off before turning off the jet. On the bench outside you find a large white fluffy warm bath sheet which you wrap around your body and pat yourself dry. Opening your locker, to find the contents changed again. Your handbag is returned and your sexy heels, along with a new trench coat you have not seen before....and of course a note.

"I hope you can still feel my cum inside you and that you think about me as it slowly drips down your thighs. Your clothes will be returned later. Drive home safely!"

An aerobics class finishes and suddenly there are a dozen or so women all around you. Nervously you drop the towel, slip on your shoes and pull on the Mac. All the buttons have been removed and you only have a belt to tie at the waist. You pull it tight, grab your bag and hurry to the exit, noticing the shocked looks and grins from the other women.

You are breathing hard again when you get in your car. The coat is a light cream and well tailored, but without the buttons it opens down the front exposing a large amount of cleavage and the inner under curves of your breasts. The bottom hem was knee length but sitting down had ridden up your legs and split open exposing almost all your thighs. You rub your bare legs together and feel another drip of cum escape and run into your bum crack.

With a contented smile you begin the drive home. I will know that anyone who looks in your car window will see a very sexy lady, showing off her gorgeous body, with that 'Just Fucked' glow on her skin.


Testing Your Limits Ch. 04

Chapter 4

Your Lover Is Revealed.

With a contented smile you begin the drive home from the Gym, knowing that anyone who looks in your car window will see a very sexy lady, showing off her gorgeous body, with that 'just fucked' glow on her skin.

Although it is evening there is still enough light for the passing traffic to see into your car. It is a loosing battle with the coat. Steering, changing gear and using the pedals, all conspire to cause the coat to open up until you give up trying to cover your modesty. The traffic slows to a stop at a traffic light and a BMW X5 pulls up beside you. The driver is an older gent with grey hair and a lined face. He glances across towards you then back to the lights before almost giving himself whiplash turning to stare down into your car. Your coat is open to well below the under curve of your breasts ,your nipples are only just covered. The skirt of the Mac is also open exposing all of your thighs, but just covering the sweet V where they meet. The old guy is straining in his seat to get a better look, when the lights change and you speed away leaving him to stall at the front of the queue.

The thought of being seen excites you and you decide to be a bit more daring. As the traffic flows you see a lorry up ahead and pull into the outside lane to overtake. As you get closer you undo the belt and let the coat fall open. Your breasts push forward as you arch your back slightly and your nipples harden in the cool air blowing from the air condition vents. You slow a little as you draw level with the lorry cab. The driver looks across and his lorry swerves slightly as he takes in the stunning view. You bite your lip as your eyes meet and a wide grin spreads across his face. You reach up, pinching a nipple, wink and put your foot down. He gives a long blast on his horn in appreciation as you drive away.

You arrive home without further incident and pull into your driveway. Opening the door you extend a naked leg to the floor and start to get out of the car. You see one of your neighbours watching you with great interest as he gets a quick flash up to your upper thighs. Entering your house you lean back onto the front door, a big smile on your face.

The next parcel arrives a few days later. It contains your clothes that were taken from the Gym, returned washed and ironed, along with a tastefully wrapped package and the expected note.

"I trust you enjoyed your drive home from the Gym. You will be meeting me tonight for a romantic meal. I will send a car for you at 7.00pm"

You open the package and find a stunning little black dress, a pair of 5inch black patent heels with delicate bows on each heel, matching underwear, including a dark pink satin bra with black lace trim and tiny G string. Sheer black lace topped hold ups are also supplied. You pick up the dress knowing it will be short but find it will sit tastefully at mid thigh. The neckline has a flattering deep V.

You have a quiet day at home before realising it will soon be time to get ready. You run a deep warm bath with lots of bubbles, light some scented candles and pour yourself a large glass of wine. As you lay back in the water the water soaks your body, your breasts just at the surface with bubbles tickling your sensitive nipples.

After half an hour you step out and pat yourself dry with a large fluffy towel. You then apply body lotion all over your soft skin spending extra time and care on your breasts and waxed smooth pubic mound. You want to run a finger through your pussy lips but manage to hold back hoping something will happen later.

In your bedroom you step into your new g-string and put on the bra. The rear string of your skimpy knickers sits deep in your butt crack and the satin material hugs your pussy, just covering your delicate folds. The cups of the bra support your boobs pushing them together to enhance your perfect cleavage even more. Sitting on the bed you roll the stockings up each leg and enjoy the silky feel on your skin. The lace tops gently hold your legs at the upper thigh leaving 5" of creamy skin exposed below your knickers.

Stepping into the high heels you look at yourself in the mirror and know you look stunning. Next you put on the dress and fasten the zip at the side. It is a perfect fit and shows off your gorgeous body in a sexy but classy way.

By ten to seven you are ready, hair tied up to expose your neck, light make up and your favourite perfume. On the strike of seven there is a knock on your door, which you open to find a uniformed chauffeur. You pick up your bag and follow him to the stretch limo waiting at the curb. He opens the rear door without a word and you slide in exposing most of your stocking clad legs.

After a half hour drive you arrive at a very up market restaurant. You are taken to the door where the head waiter is expecting you and escorts you to a nice secluded table. Two minutes later I walk up to you and sit down.

"Good Evening...You look stunning I am glad you accepted my invitation to meet face to face"

"Thank you for inviting me and for the clothes"

We look into each others eyes and you see a dark passion burning in my smoky blue eyes. I order food and wine for both of us. You are amazed that I seem to know your exact taste. Part way through the meal I reach across the table, smile, and pass you a smooth flat oval object.

"Stay where you are, but slid this into the front of your panties and push it down till it rests on your pussy"

Glancing around you take the object and slide a hand up your dress. Without too much trouble you pull your thong aside and place the smooth device against your lips which are already starting to get moist. It feels cool but soon warms up from your body heat.

We finish the main course and as the waiter approaches you feel the disc in your knickers begin to vibrate gently.

I wink at you and place the remote control on the table next to my wine glass. You rub your thighs together as the sensations begin to build. Reaching out I touch a button and the pleasure intensifies causing you to bite your lower lip to stifle a low groan. You shift in your chair and close your eyes.

"Look at me..."

You open them to see me holding the controls again, and pressing the button. Your eyes go wide, your mouth opens with a gasp at the feelings in your knickers sending waves of pleasure through your clit to every nerve in your body. Your chest and curves of your breasts exposed by your low neckline begin to flush a deep pink.

Suddenly just a couple of seconds before you are about to cum in the corner of a busy posh restaurant the buzzing stops. Catching your breath you look across at my smiling face.

"Not yet...but soon!"

"Waiter, can we have the bill please and we will take dessert with us."

The bill is paid and I take your hand to guide you to the door. As we pass the other diners the buzzing in your thong starts again but on a low setting just to keep you on edge. Will the other diners be able to hear it as you pass close to them?

Once outside you help me into the spacious back seat of the car and get in beside me. The windows are tinted to stop anyone looking in. The divider between the driver and the rear seats is raised so we seem alone as the car pulls off.

"I will take you home but first we are going to do a circuit of the M25."

I lean over and kiss you gently on the lips, then on your neck. You feel my hand on your hip as it moves slowly up your side, brushing the side of your breast as I grasp the dress zip between my fingers and draw it down.I pull the dress from your shoulders and down your body. Helping you lift your bum off the seat and the black dress slips off your legs onto the floor. My breath is taken away as I make no apology for staring at your sexy body.

The lingerie is exquisite and you can feel the cool leather of the seat against your skin. I remove my suit jacket and red silk tie before kissing you again deeply, our tongues fighting an erotic battle. I run my hands over your shoulder slipping a bra strap down with my touch. I lick you bare shoulder and unclip your bra with one hand. Your lovely tits are set free and your hard nipples beg to be kissed. I need no further invitation and lick and suck your nipples for ten minutes as you writhe against the leather seat. I move away and you arch your back even more, chasing my lips with your breasts.

I place my hands on your hips, hook a finger into each side of your thong and slowly draw them from your body. The still buzzing vibrator falls away as the material is peeled from your wet lips. I leave your discarded knickers hanging from your left ankle, caught up around your high heel. Leaving it there on the floor I raise your right leg up onto my shoulder and you bend your knee pulling my face into your pussy. The aroma is intoxicating and I run the tip of my tongue across your outer lips before plunging deep into your vagina as far as my tongue will stretch. I feel your hands on the back of my head pulling my face even harder into your wetness.

We pass several junctions on the motorway before I come up for air, I have brought you to a peak so many times only to stop short at the last second. You are laid back on the seat in a wanton mess. Your upper thighs are covered in your juices and my saliva. You are pulling hard on your nipples and watch me with lust in your eyes as I remove my shirt and trousers, (shoes & socks are already gone) and my white designer trunks are straining to contain the erection that is forcing the front away from my torso. You reach out and pull the waist band down releasing my manhood which bounces in front of you. The steel hard 6 " organ is aimed at your pussy and I grab your hips, pulling you to the edge of the seat. Like a heat seeking missile my cock head, slick with pre cum brushes past your labia and in one smooth stroke is deep inside you. I can feel your internal pussy muscles ripple around my shaft as I begin a steady pounding action.

You are soon panting with a fine layer of perspiration on your chest. Your stocking clad legs move up to clamp around my waist as I drill deeper with each thrust. You feel all the nerve endings in your pussy come alive as if connected to the electric mains and as I continue to rock in and out of you, you cum with a loud squeal that the driver must have heard. Your pussy floods with more fluid which drips out and runs down your butt crack to pool on the leather seat.

I pull out of you and move up, allowing you to take my cock into your mouth. You can taste your own juices mixed with my pre cum and lick me clean. Running the tip of your tongue around the head and across the sensitive end, before taking me back into your mouth, your tongue now playing with the ridge on the underside. The feeling is too much as you run your French manicured nails across my balls making them tighten, The feeling in my groin reaches a critical point and I warn you of the imminent release. Your only reaction is to raise your sexy eyes to look directly at me, and sticking out your tongue, catch the first two or three spurts of my cum before taking the head of my penis back into your mouth to swallow every drop. I slump next to you on the seat and you fold your gorgeous naked body into mine for a warm embrace.

A few minutes later the screen dividing us from the driver is lowered and he informs us that we will soon be home. He smiles and winks at you but you make no attempt to cover your sexy exhausted body. Before the screen raises the driver passes back to me, a DVD.I pass it to you saying,

"A little reminder for you of this evening, it is a film of everything you have done in the car for the last hour. I have a copy which I will edit for my collection."

I help you into your dress as we pull into your road. The lingerie and disk are put into your bag.

The car stops outside your house as I give you a deep kiss.

"Until next time....."

You leave the car and enter your house with moisture still running down your inner thigh.

Turning on the light you are surprised to see a huge display of red Roses and sprays of white Gypsophillia tastefully arranged in a crystal vase. The card attached simply says....


Testing Your Limits Ch. 05

Chapter 5. A visit to the country

After meeting you at the restaurant and the spin in the Limo around the M25, you feel you know me now and our relationship has moved on. I am still your master but you know I also have a softer side, more romantic than you expected. Having said that, you also know you will do almost anything I ask....

The next package arrives early on a warm summer's day. The note says....

"Good Morning, I think it is a nice day for a little trip into the countryside. Please be ready in one hour".

The package, as usual, contains the clothes you are to wear. A pair of medium height wedge heel sandals and a white button through summer dress and nothing else. You consider what underwear to put on but then realise that is not an option today.

You quickly shower; smoothing the gel into your soft skin, taking extra time with your nipples which extend at your touch. Your hand slides down across your stomach and further across your recently trimmed pubic mound. You twitch as your middle finger ploughs between your wet lower lips and across your clit hood. You can feel the moisture and it is not just from the shower.

A few minutes later you are dried, hair done and minimal make up applied. You take the dress and put your arms through the thin straps. The dress fastens with small buttons up the front. Once secured you step into the shoes and look in the mirror. You have a look of innocence and you chew on your bottom lip as you take in your reflection. The dress is a perfect fit flowing over your amazing curves to stop just above the knee. The neckline is demure with a couple of inches of cleavage on show. The bodice of the frock hugs your sides and with the buttons done up tight your breasts are held firm. The only issue you have is that with the bright sunshine streaming thought the window behind you, you appear to be naked as the silhouette of your sexy body is revealed through the thin fabric.

Before you have a chance to worry you hear the hoot of a car horn outside. You secure the ankle straps of the shoes, pick up your keys and bag and head out of the door......

We drive for a while, having left the main roads, along winding country lanes with the sun flashing through the trees. The roof is down and the wind pulls at your hair and cools your skin making your nipples harden against the material of your dress. We soon arrive at my planned destination. I park in a space between some trees and walk around the front of the car to open the passenger door for you. I can't help but look as you slide your legs from the car causing your skirt to rise higher up your shapely thighs. Taking your hand I lead you through a group of trees until the landscape opens up onto a large corn field.

I check my bearings and head into the field drawing you behind me. The corn comes to my knees as my faded blue jeans force a path towards the middle of the field. The straw tickles the lower half of your legs until we reach our final destination.

You smile as you take in the scene. A large blanket has been set on the ground in an area of flattened down straw. A wicker hamper is in one corner with a wine cooler full of ice next to it. I stand close behind you with my hands on your hips, pulling you against me. I move your hair to one side and kiss the back of your neck moving slowly up to just below your ear. I feel you push back against me and love the feel of your body against me.

Reluctantly we part and settle together on the blanket. Opening the hamper I reveal selections of tasty morsels for your delight. Tiny sandwiches with your favourite fillings, veg sticks with tasty dips, prawns, grapes and strawberries. I pour you a glass of chilled white wine and start to feed you the finger food. The light meal only satisfies part of your hunger. 

Once we have had our fill we lie back in the sunshine and let the warmth caress our skin.

I undo my white short sleeve shirt and un-tuck it if from my jeans. Your eyes settle on my hard six pack and you run a finger around the defined groove between my stomach muscles. 

Taking you in my arms my lips find yours, planting feather like caresses on your mouth before getting more urgent and crushing our lips against our teeth. Our tongues fight each other as we give way to the sexual tension between us. I lower your back to the blanket and my weight pushes down on you. We continue in a passionate kiss for several minutes. Swapping from deep groin clenching kisses to light lip nibbles.

I can only hold back for so long, so move my hand from the side of your face, down your neck to your collar bone which I caress for a few seconds. I kneel up over you, sitting over your thighs but supporting my weight so as not to cause you discomfort. I look deep into your eyes and run a finger down your neck and onto your cleavage until it hits the top button of your dress. I kiss you again popping the top button, quickly I undo the next two. The inner curves of your breasts, are exposed to the sunlight and a warm glow is painted on your skin. I move down so my lips can kiss your neck and lower onto your chest.

My fingers are still busy and more buttons are coming loose. A strip of gorgeous skin is exposed down to your navel. My lips are now planting kisses into your cleavage causing your back to arch. Your breasts pushing skyward forcing the front of your dress further apart till the edges are caught for a brief moment on your hard nipples. I sit back to admire the beautiful image before me. The warm sun on your petty face and breasts exposed for my eyes to feast on. I slide the thin shoulder straps of your dress down your arms making you naked from the waste up.

Leaning forward again I lick a trail of moisture on each breast in a spiral barely touching each nipple at the end of each trace. There are only five buttons left on the dress which are no resistance to my fingers. I peel back the sides of the skirt like the petals of an exotic flower to reveal your stunning body. I take a few moments to take in the lovely picture before me. Your hands and arms are up above your head, a coy smile on your lips, breasts and nipples awaiting my touch. Your stomach is moving in time to your breathing. My eyes move down to your pubic mound with a few tufts of close trimmed hair signposting the site of my desire. You move a leg slightly letting your knee fall sideways as I watch. My tongue between my lips, as the folds of your delicate pussy begin to peel apart.

I am a weak man and the temptation is too great. I lower my face to plant a kiss an inch above your Vagina. I inhale the sweet, slightly musky aroma and my head spins with desire. My lips print kisses on your inner thighs before I slide my tongue up across your tasty pussy. You jerk your hips in response to the tip of my tongue grazing across your clit. Your eyes are closed but your mouth is slightly open, lips curled into a coy smile. Your arms are raised above your head framing your face as you lie back and enjoy the sensations you are starting to feel. I continue my intimate oral caresses for over half an hour, bringing you closer and closer to a peak before backing off to let you relax for a few seconds. I intend to tease you more before giving you the release you are beginning to crave.

I move away to the picnic bag and pull out a digital camera and take your photograph. You smile at the lens and start to move, adopting a different pose with each click of the shutter. You rise up onto your elbows; lift one knee with a foot on the floor, the other leg straight, tipping your head back to fully expose tor throat, chest and breasts to the sun. A very fine sheen of perspiration has formed on your skin due to the heat and your arousal. Your nipples are hard with the surrounding areola crinkled and yearning to be kissed. Click, Click Click, the camera captures the full glory of your beauty. You laugh, rising elegantly to your feet, the dress discarded on the blanket like a butterfly emerging from its cocoon. Dressed in only the heeled sandals you walk a few yards into the tall corn. The soft ears at the top of each stem tickle your naked legs and the occasional tuft of oats brush the under curve of your delicious butt cheeks.

You look back over your shoulder, the sun highlights your hair, and I have never seen anyone more desirable than you at that moment. A final image is captured before I take your hand and bring you back to the nest we have created.

To my delight you sink to your knees in front of me. Your French manicure tipped fingers unbuckle my belt and slide the leather from the belt loops. The buttons on my jeans are released one at a time to reveal my trimmed pubic hair, and no underwear. Grasping the waist band you lower the trousers over my hips and down past my knees. My cock is already half hard and your eyes lock onto the head as a small pearl of moisture appears from the slit in the end. Your delicate hand folds around my length and you feel my penis pulse with my hastening heart beat as the blood fills it, increasing its size and hardness. You lower you head forward but keep your eyes fixed on mine. The tip of your pink tongue pokes from between your smiling lips and laps the drop of pre cum from the end of my cock before spreading the moisture around the now rock hard head of my phallus.

With a slight moan you sink your lips down the length of my cock, the gentle hum sending vibrations through my sensitive pleasure nerve endings. Your warm wet mouth feels exquisite and your tongue plays with the ridge on the underside. My hands settle onto your head but I don't want to control your movement. You amaze me further by sinking lower until your nose pushes into my short pubic hairs and my engorged cock settles against the back of your throat. The sensation is almost too much and reluctantly I move back to leave a thread of your saliva and my pre cum linking my penis to your lower lip.

I kneel down with you and take you in my arms for a deep passionate kiss, our tongues fighting to taste the other. My hand captures your left breast and squeezes the nipple again making you moan out loud with desire. 

I am soon laid above you, between your gorgeous legs. Your knees are slightly raised and falling open to each side, opening your pussy in total submission. With a mind of its own my cock homes in on your delicate folds and my body adjusts to slide its length across your clit a few times. I can feel your warmth and wetness. After the briefest of pauses my hips push forward, the head of my member entering you with ease, sliding to its full depth into your welcoming Vagina. I wait a few seconds deep inside you as you get used to the full sensation, before slowly drawing back to leave only the head held tight in your pussy lips. We settle into a slow steady rocking motion with a full stroke every 4 or 5 seconds. We tease each other like this for a few minutes before we can take no more. The rhythm increases, I feel your leg curl around my upper thighs pulling me deeper. The point of our union is an inferno of heat and combined juices. 

You are panting now your finger nails clawing at my back. Your eyes fly wide open as your climax hits. Your whole body stiffens and shudders, your mouth opens to let out a gasp and your pussy clamps tight into cock. With a final thrust I impale you completely then jerk as ropes of hot cum splash deep against your cervix.

We collapse into each other's arms on the blanket, The sun is starting to go down bathing you in its golden glow as we both look into each others eyes without needing any words..........


