The Pillory by Chris Hailey, Copyright 2017

Story codes: MMF, Fbf, semi-consensual, oral, anal, pillory, spitroasting

Summary: Two young witches are sentenced to pillorying ‘in the old style’ in a English village.

==============

Disclaimer
If it is not legal for you to access this story, you must leave immediately.

This story is fictional and is considered by the author to be a work of art. While the story may contain scenes that some readers might consider prurient, these scenes are intended to advance the author's artistic goals. All characters and events are fictional and all reader comments are understood to be fictional and fantasy.

This story contains written fictional fantasy material that may be objectionable to some readers and may be illegal in some jurisdictions. This may include, but is not limited to: 1) Written fantasy depictions of minors engaged in sexual activity, including sexual activity with adults; 2) Written fantasy depictions of incest; 3) Occasionally, written fantasy depictions of rape and abusive behavior. If you find any of these subjects objectionable, or if they have been determined to be or may be determined to be obscene or otherwise illegal in your jurisdiction, you must leave immediately.

This story is intended for adult readers only. If you are not of legal age to read erotica in your jurisdiction, you must leave immediately.

Thank you,
~CH

==============




Author's note: In the summer of 2017, two diaries were discovered during an archeological dig of a 16th Century English village. These remarkable diaries were written by two young ladies from the village, and each contained a brief description of an incident that sparked further investigation and the subsequent discovery of documents in the county courthouse providing further details of the event. These documents form the basis for this account. The diary entries are provided here:

From the first diary,

"Bound to a pillory, naked, with a collar and a plug or beads, free for all to use. First I beg them to stop, but soon I want this, want more, my mind crazed: this is so dirty, so embarrassing, but it makes me cum and cum! I know some of the men, I have met them before. These men could never have had sex with me. Not in their dreams! But now I have been degraded, they can fuck my pussy and mouth like they want, and shoot their cum into me."

And from the second,

"I screw my eyes shut as I feel my throat forced open by the hardness of the excited men around me. My legs shake weakly from the continuous orgasms that I am forced into, but my protests are only a warm moan around the hard warm gag thrusting into me, as another man pours his lust down my throat. Behind me I am supported by a second man who takes a moment to decide which hole suits his fancy before thrusting in. The dripping mess left by the previous men allows him to invade me with no resistance. No foreplay, just animal rutting, until he adds his warm juices as well, forcing me to overflow and drip shamelessly in front of the crowd."



===============


"Guilty!" The judge's jowls shook, his mouth foaming, his face red with rage beneath his powdered wig. "I find you guilty of the unspeakable crime of witchery!"

A cheer went up from those assembled for the trial. "Witches!" a woman cried out. "Witches!" the rest joined with her. 

"Fifty lashes," another woman shouted. "A hundred!" said another, "with the cat o' nine tails!" "Death!" said yet another. "Death!" the crowd joined in.

A foreign-looking man at the back of the assembly, with his narrow face ending in a pointed goatee, loudly cleared his throat. "Might I suggest pillorying for their punishment, your honor?" he said.

"Yes," the judge nodded in agreement, "the pillory." And then he added, "In the old style."

Another cheer went up among the crowd, mostly from the men this time. "Pillory! In the old style!"

A woman boxed her cheering husband in the ear. "Watch thyself, thou old fart," she said. "I'll not have a man that's been inside a witch, come looking for affection from me after. Thou willst sleep in the woodshed, man!"

Murmurs of agreement rippled among the assembled women, but then a young lady spoke up. "I disagree with old Mrs. Johnston," she said. "It'll do their wicked souls some good, to have my husband's heavenly cock inside them!"

The young lady's husband next to her nodded in agreement, and several  men cheered a loud "huzzah!" Many of the women nodded as well, and another spoke: "And if they become with child by the menfolk of our village, it will save their evil souls."

"Yes," the judge said. "The old laws say that if a witch bears a man's bastard, her life is to be spared." He brought his gavel down with a thundering crack. "Thus is the judgment rendered: Guilty, and pillory in the old style. Bailiff, take these crones to the village, there to put them in the stocks."

The jailor stepped forth, a fat, greasy old man with a hunch in his back and a limp in his leg. A club banished threateningly in one hand, he grabbed the chains that bound the two poor souls together and jerked them to their feet. One of them was a young lady with the reddish hair that so clearly brands a woman as a witch. She looked about the crowd with frightened, searching eyes. The other, nigh about as young as the first, pulled with stout resistance on her chains, and was rewarded with a violent tug from the bailiff. He raised his club. "I'll have n'more o' that from ye, thou foul wench," he spat at her, to loud jeering from the assembled crowd. The bailiff then pulled the chains and dragged the two convicts through the cheering villagers, the judge following close behind to see that his orders were properly carried out.

In the village square, the bailiff forced each convict to face the pillories, pushing them down to their knees with his club pressed hard against their backs. Once they were kneeling, his deputies assisted him in pushing their heads down, and forward, until their throats rested in the lower neckholes of the stocks. Their arms were lifted as well, into the wrist holds, and the tops of the pillories slammed down, to the loud cheers of the crowd that had followed the jailor and the judge from the hall to the square. The women were now secured, with their heads and hands held in place on one side of the pillories, their backsides in the air on the other side.

The bailiff locked the pillories in place, and the judge stepped forth.

"All ye of the assembled village, bear witness to these sinful women's punishment!" The crowd cheered again, and he circled the two pilloried women, with the bailiff limping close behind. The judge examined each of the girls, pausing before the face of the young red haired witch and put his hand on her chin, with his thumb on one cheek and his fingers on the other. Pressing his thumb and fingers together, he forced her mouth open and looked inside. 

"This will do," he said. "This will do right nice."

"Aye, your honor, 't will" the bailiff nodded in agreement, a lecherous smile on his chubby face. "See the tongue? So pink!" His hand moved to the crotch of his pants.

The little witch was wide-eyed, and shook her head as best she could while the judge held fast to her face. He leaned in close to her, such that she could smell the foul odor of his breath. "Keep your mouth open wide, young lady. I'll hear of no biting from you."

She just looked at him in response with her eyes even wider.

The judge walked around the pillories, running his hands along the backs of each of the girls. "Such pretty dresses," he said. He gathered up the fabric of the red haired witch's dress in his hand and pulled it up to her waist. "And pretty bloomers, too!" he said. He took a pen knife from his pocket and ripped her dress apart, so that it fell to the ground and he kicked it aside. Then he grabbed the waistband of her underthings and pulled them down, and she was naked as she knelt before the cheering crowd. He examined her closely, grasping each ass cheek with a hand and pulling them apart. "Two little holes, gentlemen!" he said with a laugh, displaying them to the cheering crowd. Then he moved a hand lower, to her pussy, and spread her lips. He leaned in, inspecting closely, then probing with a finger. "No maidenhead," he declared. "You've been fucked before, wench?"

"No!" the little red haired witch sobbed. "I mean, yes, but..."

He pulled his finger out, then slapped her on the ass. "A witch, and a slut!" he shouted. 

"A slut!" the crowd responded. 

He turned to the other witch and tore her dress off as well. "And what of you, wench? Maid, or whore?" He yanked her bloomers down.

"Wh... wh..." she stammered. "Whore!"

"'Tis a shame," he said, spreading her lips open and leaning in to examine, then probing with his finger. "A deflowering would have been a fitting act for a pair of witches like the two of you. Well, nothing to do of it now." He moved back to the first girl, the red haired witch, standing behind her and putting a hand on her ass again. "I choose this pretty little one," he said, unbuckling his trousers. "Another man can have the other."

The foreign gentleman with the pointed goatee stepped forth. "I'll do her the honor of taking my cock," he declared, unbuckling his trousers as well. 

With her head secured in the pillory, the red haired witch could not see the judge behind her, but had she been able to, she would have seen a stubby little dick, not more than four inches from root to tip though fully erect, with a little pink scrotum below, nestled in a tangled mess of greying pubic hair. She could not see his determined face, frowning sourly as he set about his necessary business, but she could feel him, his hands gripping tightly to her ass, his dickhead poking and prodding as it attempted to find the opening of her unprepared vagina.

"No!" she said breathlessly, her eyes closed tight against the pending horror. "I don't want this, please, no!" Almost immediately she regretted saying those words, as the fat, hunched-back bailiff quickly extracted his member from his pants and took advantage of her open mouth to shove his cockhead between her lips. Her next sound of protest was a muffled "Nggghhh!" which brought a rousing cheer from the crowd. 

Despite her protestation, the bailiff's gruff entrance to her mouth caused an unexpected gush of wetness to flood her nethers. Her body's wanton reaction to the taste of cock caused her to blush bright red, and washed her body in a wave of embarrassed heat; it also caused her pussy to swell excitedly, her labia spreading open like the petals of a hussy flower that begged for a proboscis to enjoy her nectar. As a result, the stubby dick behind her had no further difficulty entering her, and its owner let out a happy squeal as his cock delved excitedly into her warm folds. The jailor laughed, the judged groaned, and the witch made another muffled sound, this time as much from pleasure as from protest, and both sets of her lips were violated as the men began rocking their hips in synchrony.

Next to the red haired girl, her companion shouted oaths, the likes of which had ne'er been heard from a woman's mouth in the village square before. "Don't you dare, you f---ing bastard!" she yelled, as the foreign gentleman took his place behind her.

"Someone stop this strumpet's mouth!" the foreign man demanded. Several men from the crowd jostled to answer the call, three of them arriving simultaneously at her face, their trousers at their ankles, their cocks ready to perform their duty. One man took hold of her head and swiveled it about, so that each cock could enjoy her mouth in succession as the foreigner fucked her from behind.

The little red haired witch's head was swooning as judge and jailor fucked her, front and back. She finally opened her eyes, and was presented first with the sight of the bailiff's large belly rolling merrily before her. Then, as she lowered her eyes to look below, she saw his impressive cock, eight solid inches long, fiery red and snaked with throbbing veins. He held tight to the pillory as he fucked her face, driving his cockhead deep, while the judge behind held fast to her ass and fucked her cunt. A minute later, the judge lifted his head in the air and bellowed, "You little minx! You little whore! Take my cum, you slut!!!" At the same moment that the judge was shouting, the bailiff shoved his meathead down the red haired witch's throat. She gagged, and coughed, and sputtered, just as she felt her nethers fill with the thick warmth of the judge's ejaculate. 

The jailor pulled out, laughing in response to her gagging. "Can't take my cock, little bitch?" he said. 

She spit out phlegm, and feebly shook her head. "It's too big," she hoarsely replied.

The fat jailor laughed again, his belly rolling jollily. "Perhaps a smaller man will take my place, now that the judge is done with you, and I'll find out if your cunt is better able to handle me than your mouth."

The red haired little witch coughed again and shook her head. "Please, no," she whispered, but her protest was mild, for a part of her was just as interested as the bailiff in discovering how her pussy would handle such an impressive specimen as he presented. 

The judge dismounted, having finished depositing what little load his sadly miniature balls could muster to the cause of justice, and the jailor walked around behind the red haired witch and proudly displayed his impressive cock to the assembled crowd. They cheered, men and women alike. "The long arm of the law!" someone shouted. "The bailiff's club!" said another. "No mercy, jailor! Show her no mercy at all!" Then he knelt behind her, grabbed the reddened cheeks of her round ass, and plowed into her now-spent pussy.

The girl let out a long moan. She'd never been entered so forcefully before, nor by such a tool as this. It seemed to take an eternity for the full length of his manhood to reach its farthest depth, but soon she felt his hairy sack against her clit, which sent a rush of tingling hormones through her body. "Oh, yes!" she groaned, against her will. "Yes!" Another man stepped before her face and dropped his drawers. It was Parson Smith, a handsome young man whom she much admired. But alas, the parson's cock was a disappointment when compared to the jailor's horse-like schlong. Nevertheless, the little red haired witch opened her mouth wide at the sight of it, and he slid into her lips.

In the pillory next to her, the other little witch was thoroughly used. The foreign gentleman finished in her cunt with a series of satisfied grunts, while the three men enjoying her mouth came as well, one in her mouth and the other two spewing cum onto her cheeks and nose, and even onto the wood of the pillory behind her. When the foreign gentleman pulled his dick out of her cunt, a thick glob of semen slowly oozed from between her distended labia and fell to the ground with a loud wet splat. As soon as the viscous drip hit the ground, a second glob oozed out, this larger than the first, and then cum flowed from her pussy for an extended moment, forming a puddle beneath her. Immediately, another two men were upon her, one shoving his cock into her mouth, the other behind her and spreading her ass cheeks open to examine both of her holes. One hole was red and used and leaking cum, the other pink and tiny, a puckered little unmolested gem. He chose the latter, of course. The little witch cried out around the cock lodged in her mouth as the man behind her pushed into her bowels without spending a moment to prepare her for his entry. 

Meanwhile, the jailor was indeed showing the red haired witch no mercy, slamming his hips repeated against hers. The bulbous tip of his long bailiff's flesh-club battered aggressively at the end of her vagina and his hairy ballsack swung freely, knocking repeatedly against her clit. Parson Smith's cock battered at her as well, until she finally accepted it down her throat. It proved much easier for the youngster to swallow the parson's cock than the jailor's had been. 

And now two sets of swinging balls knocked against her as the little red haired witch was spitroasted again, the parson's stones slapping against her chin, the jailor's rocks against her clit. Her body flooded with waves of involuntary excitement, each ballslap adding unwelcomed intensity to her arousal as pleasantly warm tingling metamorphized into hot pulses of electric heat and lightning flashing before her eyes. And then, with a flood of wetness flowing from her pussy, she felt the rush of a pending tsunami. No! she thought to herself. No! I don't want this, I can't cum now! I can't cum in front of everyone, in front of the entire village! They will all know what a hussy I am, to be enjoying this assault! 

But the poor little witch had no control over the wash of hormones streaming through her body, and she went limp as the tsunami hit, wave upon wave of excruciating pleasure, moaning as her body shook uncontrollably while she was rudely used by the jailor and Parson Smith. 

With the red haired witch's orgasm at its earth-shattering peak, the village women witnessing the event wondered to themselves, how is this fair? Why should this loathsome sinner have such pleasure, while we, the good upstanding ladies of the town, must endure the dullness of our marital beds? Perhaps, they thought, witchery is not such an evil thing! And then, when Parson Smith's cock began to buck uncontrollably, many recited pledges to the Dark Lord himself, if only they could experience the handsome parson spewing forth his holy seed into their waiting maws, as he was now doing for the little witch. 

She swallowed, and swallowed again, but still Parson Smith's ejaculation continued until his cum filled her mouth and dribbled down her chin. Then the jailor's massive organ impaled her one final time, hairy balls hard against her stiff and painfully sensitive clit. He bawled into the air, holding himself inside her. It seemed to the poor young witch that his cock doubled in size, thickening and lengthening, and she could feel it pulse and throb, and then explode. It hardly seemed possible, but the fat old jailor spurt more spunk into her cunt than the handsome young parson had spurt into her mouth, and she overflowed, which sent her to new heights of unwelcomed euphoria.

The bailiff pulled his giant plug from her when he was done, and a splash of semen spilled out, there being no room left inside her to contain it. The parson's cream dripped from her chin as well, and two pools of cum formed on the ground beneath her, one below her face, the other below her puss. She hung limp in the pillory, sliding her backside down as best she could, exhausted and spent. She hoped only that her embarrassing ordeal was finally done. 

But alas! As the two men enjoying her companion in the stocks next to her finished their duty, one in her mouth and the other in her ass, a woman approached the little red haired witch, dragging a boy along with her. The witch knew these two: the miller's wife, and her twelve-year-old son.

"Here ye be, Johnnie," the miller's wife said. "I seen you lusting for this harlot. Now here's your chance, go put your virgin cock in her and make yourself a man." 

It was true, the little witch knew. She'd seen this pock-faced lad staring at her many times with a lustful gleam in his inexperienced eye. Now he just looked at her, his face red with embarrassment, and gave her a meek, apologetic smile.

"It's okay, Johnnie," she said, lifting herself back up onto her knees and arching her back so that her ass was in the air. "Come and fuck me."

"You see, Johnnie?" the miller's wife said, "it's like I tells you these past many months, she's but a strumpet and a harlot. You need not ask, less still offer her a copper piece. She needs no such courtesies, she's free for you to use as you wish."

Though her face blushed bright red at the woman's words, the little witch nodded to the boy, knowing it was true. She was a loose woman, a minx, a free-use harlot, and the entire village knew it now. 

The virgin boy was inexperienced, but he had no trouble entering her used pussy. She could feel that his prepubescent dick was pencil-thin and his scrotum tight and small, his balls no larger than two peas in a shriveled pod. She found herself inexplicably longing for a man-sized cock to fill her, if not in her cunt, then at least her mouth.

"My mouth!" she cried out, surprising even herself. "Someone fill my mouth!"

"I'll fill your mouth, you little harlot!" the miller's wife proclaimed, and she lifted her dress and dropped her underthings and shoved her hairy pussy against the poor little red haired witch's mouth. At this moment, the miller himself stepped forth and grasped his wife by the hips, and plunged his cock into her waiting anus. The man moaned with pleasure as he anally fucked his wife; the woman squealed with joy at his abrupt intrusion and at the little witch's skillful tongue, licking and sucking her clit; and their son cried out in ecstasy while he rutted merrily away inside her puss.

"Oh you are a trollop!" the miller's wife intoned. "Ain't she, husband?" She turned and kissed the miller on his lips. "Ain't she a trollop?"

As his response, then miller lifted his wife up into the air, so that now his balls, swollen and angry red, hung before the little witch. Instinctively, she began to lick and suck at them, just as she had been doing to his wife's clit a moment earlier. The warmth of her tongue on his rocks brought his moment, and he groaned in orgasm, as did his son behind her. They each drained their balls into their chosen holes, the son into the little witch's cunt, the father into his own wife's bowels. When the miller pulled his cock from his wife's ass with a sloppy-sounding pop, he pushed her anus against the witch's tongue, and she felt his hot load flow out of the woman and into her mouth.

By now, the sun had set and darkness was falling on the village square. The miller and his family situated their clothing again and joined the rest of the crowd as they dispersed to their homes, muttering amongst themselves about the witch-whores and their rightful punishments. Hopeful that it was finally over now, the little red haired witch turned her head and looked at her companion in the pillory next to her. The other girl's eyes were glassy, and she had a little satisfied smile on her face.

"We survived, I think," the redhead whispered to the other witch. The other could only nod, cum still dripping slowly from her chin and cheeks and hair. 

But, not surprisingly, the girls' ordeal was not quite over yet. Two traveling men from some distant place had wandered into the now-empty village square.

"Well, what have we here?" said one to the other.

"Free use girls!" the other answered, with enthusiasm. "And ridden hard already, by the look of things."

"I think I might like this little village," the first opined. "I'll take the redhead, unless you care to draw lots for her."

"Do as you wish," the other said. "I'm happy with whatever cunt is offered me, so long as the price is right."

"And in this village, it seems the price is most agreeable!"

They both laughed as they dropped their pants and knelt behind their respective girl. "This pussy is still tight as hell," the first said as he slid into the red haired girl. "This must be witchcraft!"

"This one, too!" the other exclaimed. "If witchcraft it be, then I'm a firm believer!"

The little red haired witch looked at her companion and sighed. The other smiled at her friend. "At least this one found the right hole," she said. The two pilloried girls giggled, and the two strangers rode them hard, and well into the night.




[If you like this story--or if you don't like it!--please drop me an email to let me know what you think at chrishailey01@protonmail.comor send me an email at chrishailey01@hushmail.com.  Thanks!]
