It was 11:00 AM on a Saturday morning and the Muskrat was anxiously awaiting the arrival of a new acquaintance...a like-minded kinky chick he knew only as Green Bubbles...but he always referenced her as just Bubbles. They had "met" on Literotica.com, a favorite site of his and one where he submitted his erotic musings and writings. Bubbles was a self-proclaimed BBW visiting Las Vegas, ostensibly visiting relatives but she had a serious itch that needed scratching and what better place for that than Sin City?
Yes, Bubbles was a submissive, a girl interested in at least bondage and spankings. The Muskrat knew however that she was also very sexually frustrated since she lived in a small village in rural Kansas. There were certainly not a lot of opportunities to explore her dark side in that little hamlet. So, the sly Muskrat invited her to cruise up to his home on the prairie in Southern, Alberta...in Canada. She agreed and he sent her a round trip ticket to fly up in late February. She was on her way and had received and acknowledged all of his instructions including that she was to take a cab from the airport to his home.
There was a muffled knock at his door and he glanced around to make one last check that everything was presentable. Yes, the house was in good order and he went to the door. Looking out the window he saw her standing there, bundled against the cold, holding one suit case and looking every bit as pretty as her Literotica profile picture had indicated she was. He opened the door and ushered her into his warm kitchen. Taking off her coat and setting her suit case down, they briefly embraced and exchanged a short yet passionate first kiss. She smelled great!
He had her sit at the table and brought forth a nice tray of fancy crackers, meats and cheese while went about the task of uncorking a nice bottle of wine that he hoped she would like. Pouring two chilled glasses he handed one to her and joined her at the table. Muskrat hadn't intended originally on being such a Martha Stewart but this was their first meeting face to face and he wanted her to be comfortable as possible...considering why she'd made the trip and all.
They noshed a little, had another glass of wine and just chatted. She was getting warmer from her long, cold journey north and he could see her relaxing by stages. They were sitting side by side and she leaned over, putting her hand on his thigh and pulled his face to hers. She looked him in the eye and said with the utmost sincerity that she was glad to be there, with him. Then she kissed him, pushing her tongue past his yielding lips and kissed him deeply and with considerable passion. It was no brief kiss and in the midst of it she turned to face him, mingling her tongue with his in a kiss for the ages. This was off to a very good start, a very good start indeed!
She was wearing a nice pair of slacks with a blouse and button down sweater that showed no cleavage but could hardly hide the fact that she had large breasts, but not too big. Her shoes were casual leather and he noticed she was wearing socks rather than hosiery. Her scent was something very new to him but he loved it. The smell was subtle yet insistent and he silently decided that it suited her very well. She wore just enough make-up and a very flattering shade of lipstick. Her eyes were beautiful and her nicely shaped ears were decorated with dangling pierced earrings. She looked great! The Muskrat was a casual guy and was wearing jeans and a tee shirt with a bulky sweater over it. As always, he was wearing his moccasins in the house with no socks. He had showered and shaved very close that morning and had neatly trimmed his thick mustache. He never wore cologne but he smelled clean and his Old Spice deodorant was evident to her when she was close and she liked it.
They broke off their extended kiss and hugged very closely before parting with a quick lip kiss. She helped him put the leftover food away and they each took another glass of wine finishing the bottle. He told her to wait a minute before joining him in the living room and left her alone in the kitchen holding her wine. After a minute or so which seemed like an hour she followed him into the followed him to the living room. She stood in the entrance as Muskrat was seated in an oversized chair holding his glass of wine. She somewhat shyly and a bit nervously glanced around the room. It was rather dimly lit with one lamp on in the corner. There were thick drapes around half the room where there were windows and they were drawn shut. There were several nice pieces of furniture and some rather masculine artifacts that served as décor. But what really caught her eye was the incredible collection of books all neatly stored on tall wooden book shelves...there were quite possibly a thousand volumes and she thought that later she'd like to see what he read, what his interests were. Finally, she noticed a large flat screen TV with an impressive collection of DVDs arrayed on shelves attached to the stand it sat upon.
Bubbles looked back at Muskrat who was watching her every move and she took a nervous sip of her wine. "Come here." He told her and she took a few steps toward him but stopped when and where he told her to. "Set down your wine glass." He instructed her and she reached to set it on a nearby shelf. Standing in the spot he had told her to she had a million thoughts flood through her brain and yet couldn't click on just one. A bit distracted by her myriad of thoughts she was brought back by his deep voice telling her to "Strip. Slowly. Very slowly and completely."
She absent mindedly wiped her hands on her sides and began unbuttoning her sweater. She followed his direction implicitly and slowly pulled it off revealing her blouse. She tossed the sweater on a nearby chair. Next she began unbuttoning her blouse and untucked it from her slacks. Her open blouse revealed a very nice black bra that did little to hide her beautiful breasts but rather, served its intended purpose and offered support for them. She tossed the blouse over with her sweater. Next Bubbles unbuttoned and unzipped her slacks, slowly sliding them down and stepping out of them. She was wearing the thinnest of panties, the color of which matched her bra.
Although she wasn't aware of it, the Muskrats cock was by now throbbing and straining against the confinement of his underwear. Standing before him, she proceed to reach behind and unsnap her bra, bending over slightly she let it fall away freeing her wonderful breasts. That bra joined the ever growing pile of clothes on the chair. Muskrat is a nipple man and he immediately noticed hers were spectacular and quite erect. She stood up and hesitated for just a moment before lifting one foot and peeing off her sock and switching she repeated the process once again tossing them onto the chair. She stood like that for several seconds, naked except for her black panties. They looked at each other until the silence was broken by his voice telling her to finish the job. She slowly peeled her panties over her hips, down her thighs and stepped out of them...she stood there holding her bunched panties in both hands, utterly and deliciously naked before a man she had actually just met...then tossed the panties on the pile of clothes she'd been wearing just a few moments before.
Muskrat eyed her naked body with silent approval noting she had a nicely trimmed bush rather than a shaved pussy that seemed to be vogue lately. He watched her breasts heave a little with each anxious breath she took. She nervously fidgeted with her hands which distracted him and he instructed her to place both hand behind her head with the fingers interlocked. When she did this it pulled her breasts up and in truly remarkable fashion highlighted them even more! Her nipples seemed to be straining they were now so hard.
He told her to spread her legs apart about two feet in width and she complied immediately, regaining her poise and balance lost during the move. He assayed her completely noticing everything about her. He carefully examined her sturdy legs, strong but not too muscular or big. He noticed her hips and belly button. He perused her two bare feet with red toe nail polish. Her ankles were quite nice too. He instructed her to turn around and face the other way but keeping her hands behind her head. This afforded him an excellent view of her ample ass and legs and he appreciated the scenery greatly, albeit silently.
After a few moments the Muskrat directed her to bend over and grasp her ankles, which she did with but a slight glance over her shoulder at him. As she was poised in this bent over state he carefully looked over her exposed ass and pussy. He thought for a moment that he detected some moisture on her pussy but wasn't quite certain. He stood and walked over to her in this position and reached around to heft and fondle her hanging breasts. Rolling her nipples between his fingers, slightly pinching them it caused her to let out a soft moan and this pleased him. To be sure, she tingled at his touch as it was gentle yet insistent. He squeezed her breasts for several seconds before abruptly letting them go to once again fall free.
Placing his hand on the small of her back he used his other hand to reach between her legs way up where her trimmed bush started right below her belly button. Firmly yet gently he dragged his hand backward allowing his middle finger to separate her pussy lips and travel over her tight little asshole and up her crack. This surprised and excited her all at the same time and she struggled to keep her balance although he steadied her with his hand on her back. He repeated this exploration twice more with the same effect and yes, her pussy was wet!
After giving her firm ass three good smacks and squeezing her cheeks he told her to stand and face him which she did and they mashed their bodies together while kissing a long, deep kiss. He ended the kiss and stepped away from her. Telling her to remain where she was he returned to his seat in the large chair. He took a drink from his wine glass, paused and then finished his drink placing the empty glass on the table beside his a chair while she watched. As she stood there not knowing what was coming next he reached down beside his chair and lifted a bag that looked remarkably like an old doctor's satchel onto his lap. When he opened it she was certain that it was indeed an old doctor's bag and the thought briefly distracted her from what he was pulling out of it.
It was a vibrator! A pretty big vibrator at that and her eyes widened at the thought of it penetrating her. But this was a different kind of vibrator, one that worked on the clitoris and provided only external stimulation! He beckoned her to come over and take it from him. She began to step toward him and he motioned for her to stop. He looked back up toward her and said "Get down on your hands and knees." She obeyed and in a smooth drop was in the designated position, facing up at him. "Come here." He told her and she began to stand..."No!" he fairly barked, "Crawl over her to me."
She began crawling toward him, her full breasts swaying with her movements. A sight not lost on Muskrat who silently congratulated himself on this particular idea. When she had crawled just to his feet he commanded her to stop, sit up and rest on her haunches with her hands on her thighs. "Look at me." He told her and her eyes raised to meet his. She looked absolutely beautiful like this and he realized here was an image he would never forget. He handed her the vibrator quickly showing her the buttons she was to use and told her to return to her original spot. As she crawled away from him he grinned a triumphant grin and was greatly pleased as he watched her ass sway back and forth with each movement.
When she reached her assigned spot he directed her to stand once again with her legs spread apart and facing him. She did as instructed and he directed her to turn on the vibrator and massage her clit until she climaxed. She fairly blushed at the idea but complied willingly enough. "You may use your free hand to do whatever you like in pleasuring yourself." He told her and relaxed to watch this much anticipated show.
A bit shyly at first, she applied the buzzing instrument directly onto her clitoris, moving it slightly and massaging herself. Soon, she was quite aroused as the relentless humming worked its magic. As it massaged her clit she almost absent mindedly began squeezing her own breasts and pinching her stiff nipples. Her hips were gyrating and she was almost unaware of anyone else being in the room with her. He was enthralled and hardly dared to blink lest he miss a moment of this erotically charged performance. She closed her eyes and threw her head back as she neared orgasm and moved her hand from her tits to her pussy, thrusting two fingers inside and plunging them in and out furiously as her juices were running down the insides of both her thighs.
Bubbles was moaning aloud and the whole scene was worthy of being filmed! The Muskrat could barely restrain himself and rubbed his throbbing cock through his jeans without even realizing he was doing so. Suddenly she gasped out that she was cumming and uttered a low, almost growling sound as her passions spilled over the edge. She could take no more of the vibrators relentless pursuit of her orgasm and dropped it to the floor. She remained standing though and rubbed her tits and pussy with both hands while looking at Muskrat through smoldering eyes filled with lust.
As she was regaining her composure Muskrat also settled down and broke the silence by telling her to get back down on hands and knees, retrieve the vibrator, shut it off and place it like a bone in her mouth. This was done and he directed her to bring it to him. Bubbles dutifully obeyed and crawled over to his feet. Stopping, she sat back on her haunches as before and placed her hands on her thighs. Muskrat took the vibrato from her mouth and returned it to the satchel from whence it came. He kept the satchel on his lap while staring intently into her eyes. Her eyes which were still glazed from her recent orgasm and staring back at him with undisguised lust.
He stood up and pushed the chair back and away from him to give himself a bit of room as he stood before her. He then commanded to undress him, slowly and without touching him any more than absolutely necessary. Not quite understanding the abated touching part she leaned forward and then stood, realizing she couldn't reach his shirt otherwise. Standing face to face she pulled his undershirt out of his jeans and followed by slowly peeling his sweater up and over his head and off his arms, tossing it onto the pile of her clothes. She followed by slowly pulling his tee shirt up and over his head and tossing it aside as well.
Sliding down to her knees once again she deftly loosened his belt, unsnapped his top jeans button and pulled down his zipper. Grasping both sides of his jeans she slowly dragged them down over his thighs and to the floor where he lifted first one foot then the other from which Bubbles slipped off his moccasin and pulled his pants off each leg. She tossed his jeans aside and sat back looking at his crotch, with his hard cock straining against the boxer shorts which were the last vestige of clothing he wore. He took a deep breath as his excitement grew. Muskrat was enjoying his time with Bubbles a lot and hoped she was feeling the same. Unspoken, both were feeling almost exactly the same and Bubbles had a silly little thought flash through her head..."We're definitely not in Kansas anymore!" Without a word, she grasped both sides of his boxers and in a very experienced move pulled them down and over his throbbing cock all the way to the floor, tossing them onto the chair completing the heap of clothing after he stepped out of them.
His cock was very nice and was topped off by a full, big head. It wasn't the biggest she had ever seen but it was very nicely shaped and actually, the perfect size overall, and he wasn't shaved either but rather well groomed without excessive hair. His balls were hanging nicely as well and she almost reached out to begin fondling this package. But, she didn't, rather she sat back on her calves and merely admired this nice crotch, mere inches from her face. Here they were, having met for the first time barely an hour before, both of them utterly naked with Bubbles on her knees and Muskrat standing before her. He looked behind him, stepped back and sat down in his chair.
He once again picked up the doctor's bag and rummaged inside for something. While doing so he indicated that she should move a bit closer but maintain her posture of submission. Finally he brought forth a collar from the bag. Not a spectacular jewel studded collar or anything but simply a nice, clean collar of some sturdy fabric. Bubbles understood completely and immediately. She leaned forward in silent submission, pulling her hair away so Muskrat could affix this symbolic item around her neck. When he was finished he lifted her head up by the chin to look into her eyes and admire his work at the same time. She looked beautiful, just like he knew she would.
He reached back into the bag to retrieve another item, this time dredging up a metal chained leash. While Bubbles looked at him he handed the leash to her and she instantly recognized and eagerly accepted the symbolic nature of this act. By the act of Bubbles attaching the leash to her new collar she was surrendering to Muskrat, submitting herself completely to his care and attention whenever in his presence. When together from now on this meant that wearing the collar and leash would be all she was wearing, giving herself over to Muskrat in trusting, naked submission...she attached the leash to her collar and handed it back to Muskrat.
Bubbles was so wrapped up in the moment that she leaned forward, lowered her head and gently kissed the tops of both of his feet. After, she looked lovingly up at him and he nodded that she should continue this act of love and she grasped first one foot and then the other, smothering them both with her soft kisses and licking his toes, slightly turning each foot over she used her cat-like tongue to bathe both soles of his feet in submissive tribute. When she felt she had expressed her submissiveness sufficiently she stopped, kissed each once more and resumed her prior position. Muskrat was blown away. While he wanted this sort of attention, the fact that she did it so easily and with such enthusiasm that he was literally taken aback.
Once this symbolic exchange was complete, Muskrat allowed the leash to simply lie on the floor alongside Bubbles. It had been less than an hour since the two had started playing and his balls were literally aching. Muskrat had watched with great pleasure and satisfaction as Bubbles had given herself a wonderful orgasm using the vibrator. Now, he thought, it's time to explore her interpersonal skills and he knew exactly how that was going to proceed.
As Bubbles sat back in her submissive position Muskrat arose from his chair and stood before her. No words were necessary and none were spoken between them as she dutifully and gently grasped his cock with one hand, sliding her hand slowly up and down the shaft while caressing his balls with her other hand. This woman certainly knew what she was doing as she licked around his engorged cockhead, running her tongue all around the area behind the crown, licking the tip and flattening her tongue to drag it all over every inch of his throbbing cockhead. He drew in his breath as this glorious sensation began to overtake him, making his senses swim. She continued to lick up and down the shaft stopping to give little sucks on the head, trapping it in her mouth and teasing the tip...all the while tickling and lightly scratching his swollen balls.  
Finally she engulfed his whole cock in her hot teasing mouth and and swallowed it down to where her nose was buried in his crotch hair. Slowly drawing back she stuck her tongue out and pressed it against the sensitive underneath of his cock all the while slowly but deliberately pulling back until only the head remained imprisoned in her wonderful mouth. She repeated this procedure several times gaining a little more speed each time but always stopping just short of allowing his worried cock to leave her clinging mouth. She was using both hands on his balls now, rolling them in her fingers, and lightly scratching his tightened sac with her painted finger nails. She let his dick slip from her mouth and holding it in one hand, she spit on it twice, using her hand in a masturbation stroke to wet his entire dick. Slick with her spit her hand glided up and down the length coming up over the head, sliding her palm over the tip, teasing his cum slit.
She pressed his cock up and against his stomach while she licked the underside paying close attention to the ultra-sensitive area just under the tip. She bent her head down and took both balls into her mouth, teasing and licking them with her relentless tongue. Then she worked each ball independently before wrapping her hand around the shaft and returning him to the warm, wet confines of her hungry mouth. She would suck just the head, making it slippery slick with her saliva and lightly dragging her teeth over his throbbing cockhead. That was electric and Muskrat was practically levitating out of his chair. She would suck just the head, trapping it within her mouth, torturing it with her tongue and releasing it with loud sloppy, plopping sounds. All the while at least one hand was working its magic teasing and playing with his ball sac.
This exquisite oral symphony went on and on and Muskrat was surprised at his own ability to keep from cumming but that was about to end. Soon, he felt that familiar pang in his side, a strange personal quirk that always signaled an impending orgasm. His lower legs and feet were soaked in sweat, another personal quirk that always accompanied sexual arousal and stimulation in him. His mind raced as he thought how this incredible blowjob should climax, no pun intended!
As if reading his mind Bubbles momentarily quit sucking his cock but continued stroking it, sopping wet with her saliva. She looked up into his eyes and asked how he wanted to cum. In a tender moment that was so appropriate he answered that it was her call. Much to his delight she told him that she wanted him to cum on her face! He told her he was close and she simply took his cock in her mouth and began sucking him, a little faster, seemingly with a sense of urgency. He advised her to kindly keep playing with his balls all the way through his orgasm and she acknowledged that with the thumbs up gesture. Tapping her lightly on the head he indicated that he was about to cum, that was followed by an almost frantic declaration that he was indeed going to cum! She pulled her mouth off his cock and directed it toward her open mouth, swiftly stroking him to orgasm. The orally talented Bubbles was now working his balls as teasingly as ever without letup she jerked his slippery cock with dedicated speed and urgency. The first shot blasted out and landed on her cheek just beside her nose and slid down into her open mouth. The second shot went directly into her mouth but she acted like she never noticed as she was completely focused on his maximum pleasure. There was one more shot that hit her on the chin and slowly dripped off. She plunged his still spasming cock back into her mouth and gently sucked him dry, swallowing whatever he gave her.
Letting his spent cock slip from her mouth, she grasped the shaft and licked around the head, capturing anything that might drip out of the tip. She kissed his cock several times and then, releasing her grip, leaned back on her calves and scooped any cum on her face up with her fingers and licking them clean. Muskrat was spent and just collapsed back into his chair with a thud. Bubbles looked very pleased with herself and justifiably so. He reached out a hand and helping her to her feet he pulled her onto him in that big chair. Cuddling, looking appreciatively into the others eyes and kissing they said nothing until after a few moments Muskrat stated with a smile that somehow, after that "Thank you just didn't seem to be sufficient." She simply smiled and buried her head into his shoulder.
It was barely 1 PM and their time together had just begun. Whatever Bubbles was thinking at that moment Muskrat had no clue, but he was planning. After all, she was here to explore her submissive side and was she in for a surprise next time he went rummaging through that doctor's bag. And she hadn't seen the rest of the house yet or _all the furniture!_