This story is the property of the author. It may be redistributed, copied and stored without changes, though it is not to be used by commercial entities. Using this material in any commercial publication, including websites, without the express permission of the author, will be followed up with legal action. This fictional story was written for the entertainment of adults and should not be viewed by those under the legal age.

This is a story of casual, unprotected sex, and is a work of fiction. In real life, use a condom, damnit! Unwanted babies, HIV and all sorts of lesser sexual diseases await the idiot who "dips his wick" or "rides the rod" without protection.

---

Suggestible Sleep Terror Surprise (MF, caution, mc, oral, impreg)

by Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)

---

Author's notes: Yes, I know that hypnotism can't force someone to do something they really don't want to do. I'm taking artistic license here.

Also, Guy's name rhymes with 'eye', not 'bee'.

---

Guy woke up to pain shooting through his outer thigh. "Agh! What the FUCK?!" he yelled.

He felt his wife Trish thrashing in the bed beside him. "Nnn! Mnuhh!" she whined in her sleep. Her foot also hit his ankle, but it didn't hurt as much as her knee had on his thigh!

"Urg..." he grumbled, getting out of bed before he was bruised any worse.

Trish continued to thrash and whine in the bed. A moment later the baby started crying in the next room.

"Of course..." Guy said, tromping out of the room to try to calm little Sara down. He had probably woken her up with his yell.

It took about 20 minutes. When he got back into the bedroom Trish was once again sleeping soundly. Guy sighed. These days getting kicked by his sleeping wife was the only action he was getting in bed.

---

The couple walked into Dr. Jenner's office looking skeptical. The guy didn't look like a doctor, with his t-shirt and jeans under his lab coat. He was maybe in his late thirties.

"Have a seat!" Dr. Jenner said, ushering the parents to some office chairs.

Dr. Jenner sat down across from them, steepling his fingers. "So I understand that we've been having some nightmares?"

Guy spoke up, "SHE'S been having nightmares. I guess you could say it's a nightmare for ME, but I'm not getting much sleep because of HER."

Trish gave her husband a sidelong look. She had agreed to come here because Guy was so unhappy, and her nightmares had been the main problem. They had approached their GP and got nowhere with sleeping pills. A friend of Guy's had suggested Dr. Jenner.

"Of course, of course," Dr. Jenner replied affably, "and this has been happening since the baby was born?"

At their nods he continued, "Pregnancy can be a difficult time on a woman's body. Sometimes permanent changes occur, some physical..." His eyes momentarily dipped to take in Trish's boobs pushing out her tight shirt, and then back up, "...and some psychological."

He got up. "Luckily, psychological issues are my specialty. Mrs. Belvue, could I please direct your attention to that poster there?"

Trish swiveled her chair to look where the doctor was pointing behind her. There, in all its glory, was the famous picture of the kitten hanging from a branch. "Hang in there, baby!" the caption said.

"Oh...my...God..." said Trish. It was ridiculously cheesy.

"I know, right? Isn't it awesome? Just keep your eyes on it."

She did so. "And Mr. Belvue, please keep a close watch on your wife's face, okay?" Dr. Jenner asked Guy, who likewise did so.

Dr. Brunner moved behind Trish, speaking slowly, "Breathe easily...in...out...in...out...relax your shoulders...that's good. Look closely at specific parts of the poster and tell me about it."

Trish narrowed her eyes. "Um...it's an orange cat."

"Good...keep going..."

Guy kept his gaze on Trish's face, as instructed. He didn't realize that as the exercise continued his own breathing had slowed and his shoulders had relaxed.

Dr. Brunner continued, asking Trish to keep finding new things in the poster and to relax the rest of her body, one piece at a time. Soon she was swaying in her chair, as was Guy.

"When you feel comfortable enough, just close your eyes."

...

Guy woke as someone touched his shoulder. Dr. Brunner was looking down at him with concern.

"You okay? I think you fell asleep."

"I'm...fine," Guy said, and he realized that he was indeed feeling fine.

Dr. Brunner sat down behind his desk. "Good. Okay, I've given your wife instructions that when she hears the trigger word I've written down on this piece of paper she will break out of whatever nightmare she is in, thank you, and then fall back asleep content. Don't say the word right now."

Guy took the paper. "Bugbottom" was written there. He cocked an eyebrow at the doctor.

Dr. Brunner spread his hands. "Two random words strung together. You're not likely to forget them, right?"

Guy had to agree. "So...that's it?"

"Perhaps..." Dr. Brunner sat back and gave Guy a penetrating look. "Did your friend tell you about my...other services?"

Guy nodded. The other issue, the lack of sex for months now, was heavy on his mind. He pulled out an envelope and gave it to the doctor.

Dr. Brunner opened the envelope, counted the twenty $50 bills, and then put the envelope into his lab coat inside pocket. "Okay...typical nymphomaniac trigger word?"

Guy leaned forward, his cock already tenting out his pants. "Yeah, and I want the trigger word to be 'Guy's nuts'." His nuts had been suffering for months, so it seemed fitting.

Dr. Brunner sat back. "That's a trigger *phrase*, and I wouldn't suggest creating one yourself. How about..." He looked at a piece of paper on his desk, '...turkey university'?"

"Hey, who's paying you, man? The customer is always right," Guy said defiantly.

Dr. Brunner sighed. "Fine." He got up and got behind Trish again, getting a nice view down her ample cleavage. "Trish, pay very close attention. When you hear the phrase, 'Guy's nuts' you will want, no, NEED to have sex. You will do whatever your master wants. When he is done you will think nothing out of the ordinary happened, and you will be fine with it."

He looked back at Guy, who nodded. Guy hadn't noticed the ambivalent wording of the hypnotic commands.

"When I snap my fingers you will awaken with no memory of anything that has happened since I asked you to close your eyes. You'll feel content, but you will respond to the trigger phrases as commanded. Do you understand?" Dr. Brunner waited.

Trish nodded sluggishly. Dr. Brunner snapped his fingers and her eyes opened.

"Um...blue cloudy background...?"

Guy realized that she was still describing the poster as if nothing had happened, and based on what Dr. Brunner had just said, that was exactly what she thought! He was amazed at the doctor's skills.

"It's all right," Dr. Brunner said, moving back behind his desk. "I think we're done."

Trish turned around in her chair. "Really? But it's only been..." She looked at her watch. "Half an hour? Where did the time go?"

"Time flies when you're having fun," the doctor said, "You're feeling fine, right?"

Trish thought for a moment and then nodded. She was indeed feeling fine.

They thanked the doctor and went home.

---

After putting the baby down for the night Guy looked over at his wife as they sat on the living room couch. "Hey, baby, you should put your diaphragm in and we can have some fun."

"Oh, not tonight, Guy, I have a headache," Trish responded, continuing to read her book.

Guy smirked. "But what about your husband's poor testicles, baby?"

Trish put down her book to look at him incredulously.

He continued, "What about...Guy's nuts?"

Trish's eyes glazed over and she dropped her book. She looked at Guy with undisguised lust, got up, and then straddled him, rubbing her pajama covered crotch against his boxers.

'Oh, fantastic!' Guy thought as he pulled his wife's face down for a passionate kiss. Before long Trish had freed his hard cock from his shorts and was jacking it off. Before long, pre-cum dribbled out the tip. They hadn't had sex in several weeks.

Trish was frustrated at just rubbing her crotch on her husband's lap. She let go of Guy's cock and reached down to the central seam of her pajama bottoms. There she found a small hole that had developed in the worn piece of clothing and pulled it apart hard. The seam ripped, revealing her very wet pussy lips. She wasted no time in lining her husband's oozing babymaker up and sinking her body down.

Both of them gasped as his rock hard cock easily penetrated her lubricated depths. She started to move up and down, achieving greater penetration each time until his cock was fully embedded deep inside her.

Guy shook from the pleasure. His wife's pussy had never felt so hot before! But there was a danger. "Baby..." he started to say.

Trish pressed her mouth to his, passionately kissing and licking.

"Mmmf!" Guy grunted as Trish rose up and then thrust her hips back down, starting off an energetic fucking. Guy's concerns flew out the window as Trish pulled off her pajama shirt and shoved her large boobs in his face as she rode him.

Guy was in heaven. He nipped and licked at his wife's nipples and then sucked one with its areola into his mouth hard.

"Aiii..." Trish keened as that sent her over the edge. Guy felt her pussy spasm around his cock, squeezing. After weeks of no sex he couldn't hold it and "Guy's nuts" gave up their unwanted cargo.

Unwanted by Guy, anyway. Trish felt his cock throb deep within her and, with the knowledge that she had done a good job for her man, bounced harder, her own orgasm extending as she felt her insides being deluged by his potent sperm.

"Unhh..." he groaned.

"Aaaahhh!" she cried.

Then it was done and Trish collapsed forward onto her husband, shaking from the orgasmic exertion.

Guy's blood went cold as he realized what they had done. "Shit, baby, get up!"

Trish did so, looking to her husband for the cause of his distress. He was looking down at her spermy crotch.

"You were supposed to put in your diaphragm, Trish! You could get pregnant!" Guy was freaking out. He really didn't want another kid; one was more than enough.

"Oh..." Trish said. "Okay, I'll go put it in now."

"Uh, no," Guy grabbed her arm before she could get up, "That'll just trap my boys inside you. When was your last period?"

"Ended a few days ago," she replied.

Guy, being a typical dumb guy, didn't know what that meant. "So...does that mean that you might get pregnant?"

"Probably not," she answered. "I'll be fertile next week."

Guy sighed in relief. "Okay...let's go to bed."

She was fine with that.

---

Guy woke up as his wife's hand careened off of his head. "Ow!"

"Uhrr! Nnn!" His wife was thrashing in the throes of another night terror.

What was the trigger phrase? Guy's head was muzzy from just waking up, and probably also from the whack to the head.

'Oh, right,' he thought. "Bugbottom!" he exclaimed.

Instantly Trish stopped thrashing. She turned toward Guy, said, "Thanks love," and then fell back to sleep without the nightmares.

Guy shook his head. Incredible!

---

The next day Dr. Jenner was eagerly waiting for his 8 AM appointment. He didn't charge a lot for his extra nympho hypnoservice because he got an additional benefit out of it.

His intercom beeped. "Mrs. Belvue to see you, Doctor," his receptionist reported.

He pressed the talk button. "Very good. Send her in and no disturbances for an hour, please." He stood up, came around the desk and then sat on the edge, waiting.

The gorgeous Mrs. Trisha Belvue came into the office. She was dressed in a nice blouse and skirt for work, which he knew she would need to be at by 9 AM. She had told him this, among other information, while she and her husband were in the hypnotic trance from the previous day.

"You asked to see me this morning, Dr. Jenner?" Trish stepped forward, looking a little confused.

"Indeed I did, Mrs. Belvue. I wanted to know...how are Guy's nuts doing?"

Trish's eyes fluttered and then the ravenous nymphomaniac Jenner had created replaced her. She moved toward him hungrily.

He unzipped his pants. "You should suck my cock," he said matter-of-factly.

Trish knelt down and took the doctor's hard dick into her mouth as his trousers fell to the floor. His penis wasn't as long as her husband's but it was a bit thicker. She tickled the head with her tongue and then licked up the shaft before sucking half of it back into her mouth again.

Jenner grabbed some of Trish's long dark hair, pushing and pulling her head in order to slide his shaft in and out with long strokes.

Trish pulled her face off of his cock and looked up at him. "Please fuck me?"

Jenner realized that she had unsnapped her skirt, pulled aside her panties and was fingering her pussy while sucking his cock. He also noticed that she was wearing nylons with garters, which he had always felt was an incredibly sexy look.

"Oh yeah," he said, pulling her to her feet and helping her to unsnap her garters. She removed her panties and then they re-secured the garters. NOW it was perfect!

He bent her over the desk and lined his cock up with her puffy, glistening pussy. "Birth control?" he asked, pausing.

"Diaphragm," she responded back.

Jenner smiled and thrust his hips forward, easily piercing Trish's wet labia.

"Yeessss..." Trish moaned.

Jenner pulled back a little bit and then pushed again, his cock invading further into the married woman's forbidden depths. With a couple more thrusts he was as far as he could go.

"I've got to touch these..." he said, unbuttoning her blouse and unlatching her bra. Her bountiful boobs dangled down toward the desk and he bent over Trish's back, grabbing a handful of each. They were so soft and warm, larger than any others he had fondled, but they were also still firm and bouncy.

"Pleeeaase..." Trish pushed her tush back at him provocatively.

Still holding those magnificent boobs, Jenner pulled his hips back and thrust hard into the wanton woman. She grunted in pleasure. He pinched her pronounced nipples as he thrust again, and then once more. Finally he let go of her breasts, grabbed her garter belt and used it to pull her back onto his cock as he started thrusting in and out.

"Aah! Yesss..." Trish moaned.

After a few minutes of this he pulled out and then sat on the same chair she had occupied just the previous day. "Turn around and ride me, cowgirl," he commanded.

"Yee haw!" she exclaimed as she removed her blouse and did just that. Jenner noted that there was still a little mama fat around her middle but it looked sexy.

Trish turned away from him and then easily slid her sopping pussy down the doctor's throbbing member. Both gasped at the pleasure and then she started to bounce.

Dr. Jenner realized he probably wasn't going to last much longer. He reached around the sexy MILF to manipulate her clit as she fucked him.

When she had finally overheated from the pleasure she cried out and jammed her pussy down hard on Jenner's cock, grinding her crotch against his. He felt her insides grip his dick and then he lost control.

"Augghh!" he grunted, feeling his prostate release a blast of semen that mixed with the roiling sperm in his balls. The potent mixture rushed up his cock shaft, forcefully injecting itself deep into the spasming reproductive system of the mind controlled wife.

Finally, both of their orgasms subsided. Jenner realized that he had to act fast, now that his hypnotized lover had completed her primary objective.

"Mrs. Belvue, listen to me."

Trish paused, doing exactly that.

"You must never tell your husband of this appointment, or that we did this. Do you understand?"

She nodded. "Should I put my diaphragm in now?"

"WHAT?!" Jenner pushed her up off of his cock. A torrent of his sperm-filled cum splashed down into his lap, but he knew that there was still a lot remaining deep inside the sexy mother's hot body.

He thought for a moment. "Um, sure, you should do that. Better safe than sorry, right?" He shook his head...how did that make any sense?

Trish extracted the diaphragm from her purse and pushed it deep inside her dripping vagina, pressing the remainder of the doctor's dangerous seed against the opening of her cervix.

"One more thing, Mrs. Belvue...if you get pregnant do not tell anyone it's mine, okay?"

Trish nodded. She was fine with that.

---

A few days passed, and Guy took advantage of Trish's nymphomaniac trigger every night, though he made sure that she put her diaphragm in first.

Dr. Jenner wasn't going to see Trish for her "appointment" for another week. His services were becoming quite popular, it seemed, so his free time was becoming scarce.

---

John Bayle came into Trish's office, as he did every once in a while to chat. She knew the confirmed bachelor was feeling her out to see if she was up for an affair but she always shut him down. She was a married woman, and loved her husband!

He made some inane chit-chat and then asked, "Did you hear about Marty?"

She looked up from her paperwork. "What about him?" She knew Marty had called in sick but nothing beyond that.

"Broke his fucking-- er, sorry -- his freaking leg...base jumping, if you can believe it!"

"What's base jumping?" she asked, and then took a sip from her water glass.

John sat down in her spare chair. "That's when you parachute off of a building or mountain instead of out of a plane. You have a lot less time to pull your chute and there's a chance you'll crash into something."

"Sounds stupid," she replied, shaking her head.

"Yeah...that guy's nuts!"

'...guy's nuts...'

Trish got up from her desk and made her way past John to close the door. He looked at her quizzically, and then she hiked up her skirt and straddled him in the chair, pressing her lips to his in a tongue-y kiss.

Though this was ultimately what John wanted, he was taken by surprise. Trish had changed her demeanor right in front of him and was now grinding her crotch into his. After his initial shock, though, he returned her kisses and grabbed Trish's firm butt, pulling her down in order to increase the friction between their nethers.

Frustrated, Trish got up and unsnapped her skirt. As she had done with Dr. Jenner, she also unsnapped her garters, removed her panties, and then re-secured the garters. Once John saw Trish pull her panties down he quickly doffed his pants and underwear.

Trish clambered back into John's lap. His cock wasn't as long as her husband's or Dr. Jenner's but it was very thick. She reached down and rubbed the head along her pussy lips, spreading their combined juices in order to make penetration easier.

As Trish did this John wasted no time in unbuttoning her blouse and freeing those breasts he had longed to see. As he reached around and unsnapped her bra they sprung free and he was in heaven, shoving his face into her boobflesh.

By this point Trish had managed to slot the head of John's cock between her pussy lips and was pushing down, slowly forcing it to go inside her. She was becoming desperate...she NEEDED it!

Finally she got the angle right and that thick cock slipped inside of her. She gasped at the feeling of her vagina being stretched, uncomfortable but also good. John was now suckling on one of her nipples and that also felt good.

She rose up a bit and then settled back down. John gasped into her boobs but kept licking and sucking. She did it again. She felt less stretched now so she was able to start an up and down rhythm. It was starting to feel really good.

John couldn't believe it...Trish the hottie mama was fucking him! He didn't know why but he wasn't about to ask. Her pussy was so fucking tight!

He couldn't take any more of the sexy situation and grunted as his cock spattered her insides with his potent sperm. Because Trish hadn't put her diaphragm in that morning there was nothing protecting the mouth of her cervix from the bolts of seed splashing against it, and she was now right in the middle of her fertile time. As she felt him explode within her she also went over the edge, moaning as her insides contracted, urging even more of his seed to spurt deep inside her. Her cervix spasmed open and some of John's sperm slipped inside her womb, where they would have the greatest chance to fulfill their prime directive.

John struggled to control his breathing. "Why -- not that I'm complaining -- but why did you do that?" he asked her.

"I needed it," she replied matter-of-factly.

"Really?"

"Yes, Master," she answered.

He laughed. "Ha! Master? You kill me, Trish."

Trish reached over to the desk, grabbed her water glass and smashed it down on the hard surface. Turning back, she then jammed the jagged remains into John's throat.

"Uhhkk..." he gurgled as blood fountained from his severed jugular and onto Trish's chest.

"Mmm..." Trish moaned. It felt so warm on her skin...

Soon the blood stopped, as did John's life. Trish got up and looked down at the father of her future second child, who she had just murdered.

She was fine with it.

---

Krosis' home on the web: http://www.asstr.org/~krosis

Fans or pans? E-mail Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)
