Author: Linard ignius

Title: My slutty Putul 

Part: Ch. 3 A model of her submission

Universe: Dolcett (Eastern spices) 

Summary: My mother and I confirm our darkest desires to one another.

Keywords: MF, inc, rom, mother, son, tort, mdom, fsub, humil, viol


Disclaimer: This a work of complete fantasy set in another world. If that is not apparent to you, then you need urgent psychiatric help. I do not condone violence towards other humans.

This story contains all manners of violence, torture and deviancies, if that is not your cup of tea, I suggest you turn back now.

--------------------------------------------


I closed the door to our apartment after both of us got inside. Mom was trembling, 
standing in the middle of the living room, her luscious saree clad back facing me. I 
walked up to her, hugging her from behind. Grabbing her clamped breast, I squeezed the 
clamp screw, bringing forth a low grunt from her. The soft and supple skin of her tit 
felt burning hot in my hands, in fact, in that moment, it seemed like her entire body 
was on fire. In that cold rainy night, the warmth radiating from her sizzling body 
seemed wonderfully inviting. I kissed her deep for ten whole minutes, our tongues slowly 
swirling around each other's wine flavored spittle. I turned her around after that, her 
gorgeous face a caricature of pure lust. My hand was still on her clamped tit when she 
turned around, I pulled it towards me, bringing her ear closer to my lips and whispered 
"Strip, mom."
Outside, rain clamored down on the thirsty earth with thunderous wrath, bathing the 
room in flashes of light through the glass windows at random intervals. Mom complied 
with my command, taking her time, as she started to take off all her clothing one by 
one. First the sari, then the petticoat, the blouse and her bra was next, finally freeing 
the other tit that was still somewhat squeezed in by the bra. There she stood my 
mother, my sanctimonious mother, in the middle of the living room of our home, in her 
lace blue panties with tufts of her pubic hair sticking out of the small holes and the 
sides. Her belly had a slight flab, forming a nice layer right on top of her pussy. The 
nipple with the clamp on it had swelled by now and seemed to be throbbing. She was 
looking down at the ground, must have been the taboo of the things we were doing and 
had yet to do.
I took her engorged, abused nipple between my fingers and squeezed, eliciting a low 
volume wail from my mother. "I meant, take it all off." I said, licking the tears flowing 
down her lovely distressed face. She did so hurriedly, almost falling over as she rushed 
to slide the thong off her beautiful legs. "Now," I added "I want you to squat, spread 
your legs as far apart as you can, with your hands behind your head"

"I think we have gone far enough honey" she said, Fear, now apparent on her visage. I 
shoved two of my fingers in her hairy pussy again, pushing her back against the wall. 
She was trying to stop me but without any real effort. Lust slowly creeping back into 
her movements, soon she was grinding her wet cunt against my fingers. "You are way 
more of a freak than I am mom," I said, pulling down on her clamped nipple, "you need 
this way more than I do." I added, laughing, as she stopped resisting completely and 
just ground her pussy against my fingers. "Now," I said, stepping back and disengaging 
from her overflowing cunt, "Squat." 

She did just that. Spreading those meaty thighs of hers as wide as possible, she 
squatted down, opening up her puffy pussy lips to me completely, to do with as I want. 
She was leaning on the wall behind her for support, her entire body shaking slightly due 
to the pain caused by holding this uncomfortable position. I knelt down in front of her, 
bringing my face over to the hairy muff. First, I spread her hairy outer lips apart with 
my two thumbs, my own heart starting to pound in my chest as I got my first proper 
look at the place from where I entered this world. Even though she gave birth to me, 
her pussy looked completely pink and tight, almost like that of a young girl's. Her 
unkempt pubic hair grew wildly all around the pussy, reaching up a good way above it. 
"It's so beautiful." I whispered as I gave it a nice long lick right from the bottom to 
the top, up to her clit. I could sense her entire body shudder through her pussy. I was 
practically elated, tasting her hot vagina for the first... no, probably the second time in 
my life. The wild hair from the sides bristled against my tongue as I drove into her 
soft, wet muff, with a vengeance. This pussy had been the pussy of my dreams for 
close to a decade now, and now, finally, it was mine. I drove my tongue deep into her 
sopping love-hole as I simultaneously played with her engorged long clit, bringing more 
cries and shuddering from my indecently positioned mother. When I realized she was 
about ready to cum, I stopped, got up and backed away. The desperation and shock on 
her face was palpable as she tried desperately, to hold on before breaking down with a 
long and wailing, "Nooooooooooooo!! I was so close Pleaaase honey!" 

I opened my zipper, freeing my stiff and throbbing eight incher right in front of her 
face. "I've been pampering you a lot mom," I said caressing her cheek with my thumb 
as I held her chin, "Don't you think I should get some relief too?" I said inching closer 
to her face with my dick. She looked up at me from that squatting position below with 
pure adoration and love, the kind that only a sex starved loving mother can show her 
son. She was looking right into my eyes, those hazel eyes of hers radiating pure lust as 
she approached my cock with a mildly naughty smile on her cute face. She grabbed my 
fat cock with her hand, barely able to encircle slightly more than half its circumference. 
She looked really shocked, staring at my fully grown cock this close up. Her eyes grew 
even wider as she just barely managed to encircle the entire girth using both of her 
small hands. "When did you grow so big honey?" she said lovingly, almost reverently, as 
she started to stroke my cock, revealing the full purplish head underneath the skin at 
the top. I turned her face back up towards me and said, "This is all because of you 
mother, and all of this," smirking, I added "is going inside you." 

Not breaking eye contact with me, she opened her mouth and gave the purplish head of 
my cock a loving kiss, almost a motherly peck, before using her tongue to lick the 
underside of my cock right from the base up to the tip, drawing a huge drop of precum 
from my urethra which she cleaned with another soft peck. "She is teasing me", I 
realized as she kept flicking her soft tongue around the head of my cock without 
actually sucking me. I put my hand over her head, grabbing a fistful of her hair, 
stabilizing it against the wall behind her. It was like she immediately knew and 
understood what I wanted. Still glaring at my sinful soul with those hazel colored gems, 
she opened her mouth wide, wider than I have ever seen her (or anyone else for that 
matter) opening before. 

I stepped forward, inserting my dick into the inviting warm wet hole of my mother's 
face. Even with her mouth completely open, she barely managed to fit the whole girth 
my fat cock into it. I faced a lot of resistance when I was about half in. By her gagging, 
I realized that the tip of my cock was rubbing against the back of her throat. I 
withdrew a bit, my hand firm on top of her head, then moved back in as she started 
sucking, her tongue flicking around my shaft. I was trying to go slow in the beginning, 
letting her get used to my thickness as I slowly fucked her divine face. As I started 
approaching my impending climax, I started fucking her face faster and with more force. 
She started gagging excessively as her eyes started reddening and tearing up. I pulled my 
cock back out, letting her cough and breath as I rubbed my slobbery cock all over her 
face, covering it entirely with her own slobber and completely ruining her makeup.  
"You are such a... gorgeous... slut... mom." I said, as she looked straight at me from 
behind all the tears and slobber while I slapped her dirtied face with my miniature flesh 
club. I went back into her still open mouth fucking it even harder this time around, her 
slobber falling around her mouth as she gagged and retched under the renewed assault 
on her throat.
After no long wait, I came in her mouth, the first time in my life cumming inside 
someone, that too, my own mother. Since I had been saving up for the last three days, 
in anticipation of today, I gave her the largest load of my life. Her cheeks bulged with 
my cum as she looked up at me with pure disbelief in her eyes. As I kept cumming, she 
had no choice but to swallow, by now her ass on the ground, head stuck between my 
dick and the wall behind it. As I neared the end of my, near limitless, stream of cum 
spurting into her cute mouth, I told mom, to not swallow the last of it and keep it in 
there. She complied, though looking slightly annoyed and confused. I kneeled down, my 
face at same level as hers and asked her to open her mouth and show me. She did, 
opening her pretty lips and showing me my white cum completely coating her teeth, 
tongue, pretty much layering the inside of her entire mouth. 

My hard on started regrowing immediately upon seeing that nasty sight, I put a few 
fingers on her chin and told her to swallow. She did and I traced the consequent 
movements of her muscles down her naked throat, to her clamped nipple and down to 
her hairy pussy, where I grabbed a few strands of her pubes and ripped them off, 
drawing a loud yelp from her as she looked at me with mild indignation from behind 
those tear filled eyes. I smiled, and grabbing her by her pussy, kissed her again and said 
"Let's go to the bedroom mom".

She nodded and followed me into her bedroom, her tits jiggling a bit, as she walked 
beside me naked, my fingers inside her hot, sopping-wet pussy. I was slightly surprised 
when she reached over and held my cock with her hand, jacking me off as well. We 
reached the bedroom, mother and son, naked and jerking each other off. As we sat 
down on the bed, our hands were still busy grabbing each other's genitals and we were 
looking at each other with gazes overflowing with lust. I pressed her down under me, 
her chubby hot flesh almost as comfortable as a soft heated mattress. When I was 
finally about to enter her tight pink pussy with my cock, she looked scared and 
whispered "Go easy on me honey, you are too thick and I am... not... that experienced..." 
In response, I just locked her delicious lips with mine and pushed my fat cock into her 
vice like love hole, gradually but steadily, drawing a long groan from mom as her tiny 
pussy stretched to extreme lengths to accommodate her son's giant cock.

Mom was biting her lips, trying to keep herself from screaming and waking up the 
neighbors, as I opened up places in her pussy that hadn't been opened for a long time. 
I felt her hot slimy cunt walls convulse all around my cock, putting intense, spasmodic 
pressure from all sides. Undeterred by her pussy's frantic resistance against my invader, 
I pushed on, steadily but gently, till I reached a hard rubbery block about 3/4th inside 
her. Looking at her face, it looked like she was in a lot of pain. Her eyes bulged and 
she was biting down on her lower lip hard, trying to keep the screams from escaping. 
Yet her pussy, stretched as it was, was sopping wet, with fluids flooding the bed with 
each push. "I'm going to start moving mom" I said. With almost closed lips, she 
whimpered, "Please honey, gently, you are too big! You are tearing your mom apart." 
her face distorted in anguish. I covered her mouth with mine, letting her scream and 
grunt into my mouth as I started moving my pelvis in steady rhythmic and firm strokes.

Slowly she got used to the size of my cock stretching out her tiny cunt and started 
responding to my thrusts in kind. After ten minutes, I moved my mouth off of my 
mom's and we were both panting, completely covered in sweat. I had to take a 
breather, her convulsing cunt had almost driven me to an orgasm and I wanted our first 
time together to last. So I lay there, on top of my fluffy and soft, naked mother, my 
longest held wish now fulfilled, both of us sweating and panting like we had run a 
marathon. As we looked at each other's faces, we started snickering and then laughing 
and I felt her cunt, still drenched, relax slightly around my engorged member. "This is 
just the beginning mom, I whispered into her ear, biting it lightly as I slowly ground my 
body against her sizzling softness, pushing my cock firmly up against her cervix. "I am 
going to make you experience EVERY, SINGLE, NASTY, FUCKING, FANTASY you ever 
had, all those stories you kept reading, all those videos you watched, day after day, I'm 
going to make them all come true and you are going to take it all. Isn't that right 
mom?" I said, intertwining our fingers together as I stretched her hands out far above 
her head and bent over to take her fat nipple in my mouth.

The minutes of silence that followed seemed to stretch out to eternity, as I kept my 
over-excited cock motionless in her hot, pulsating pussy. Even with the backdrop of rain, 
the silence was deafening, until she abruptly started crying and bawling, surprising me. 
Sobbing profusely, she said, "But you are going to leave me. It's not fair..." trying to 
crane her head to look at me sucking her tits, "You are so cruel, showing me this... this 
paradise and then abandoning me." I resumed banging her again, stifling her sobs as she 
fell back into fuck mode. I gave an extra hard stroke, my cock head crushing her womb, 
as she let out another stifled scream. "You don't need to worry mom," I said as I 
jackhammered my cock over her cervix, my climax slowly rising from my balls like a 
dormant volcano coming to life. "I will mark you as mine before I leave and I will train 
you the entire time we are apart." 

"You... mpphhhh! Will... aughh! Train me??!!" she managed to ask, her face a caricature 
of extreme pleasure, as I rocked the entire bed, fucking her wildly, sounds of headboard 
bashing against the wall intermixed with mother's shouts and noises of our sweaty flesh 
slapping against each other filling the entire room. If it wasn't for the howling storm 
outside that night, I am sure mom and I would have woken up the entire building. "Yes 
maa!" I answered, in between biting those wonderfully soft tits, "I am going to turn 
you into my slave, No, my painslut. You will live only for my sole pleasure. I will 
humiliate and torture you like a street whore, beat you like a punching bag. And after 
the training," I said slowing down and giving long and powerful strokes, both of us 
staring intensely into each other's eyes, "you will learn to love, even crave all the 
abuse... Would you like that mom?" I said, teetering at the brink of my second release, 
"Would you like... to be my fuck slave?"

In return she wrapped her meaty legs around my waist, pulling me further in towards 
her lusty warmth. Her nails digging into my back, she whispered into my ear, "Yes hun! 
Train me to be your sex slave, Make me your painslut! Nothing would make me happier!" 
Both of us came right about then, me flooding her tight, hungry pussy with my 
youthful nubile semen as her cunt walls wrapped around and milked my girthy cock into 
her motherly womb, our bodies tensing up as our essences merged into one cataclysmic 
orgasm. As I kept filling her wet insides with huge loads of cum, mom practically 
convulsed under me, her spine arching back on the bed. I felt a huge amount of wet 
juices flooding my thighs and the bed beneath us. I hadn't seen her squirt even once in 
all the secret masturbation videos, I was... surprised to say the least, when she squirted 
like that for a full 3 minutes. 

"Whoa! Mom, didn't know you were such a squirter!" I said, tasting some of the squirt 
off the bed, smiling at my mom as I lay next to her, on my side, drinking in the sight 
of her looking shocked and well fucked, with a puddle of cum slowly forming over the 
huge drenched area beneath her crotch. "That... has NEVER happened before!" she said, 
in between her panting, which caused her humongous tits to rise and fall rapidly, pussy 
still quivering softly at intervals. "Oh GOD! What did you do to me honey?" she said, 
sounding elated and incredulous at the same time. "I am going to do this to you again, 
and again... and again, till the day you fucking die." I said, slipping a finger up her fiery 
hot asshole, drawing the shrillest yelp I had heard from her yet.

I could see the extreme discomfort in her face as I swirled my middle finger inside her 
gooey scorching asshole. Unbelievably, that beast was even tighter than her vice like 
cunt. Her asshole was spasming around the base of my finger hard enough to cut it off 
if it had any teeth, but all her toothless little asshole could really do was leave a tiny 
bruise, a small reminder of its futile resistance. "Come mom," I said, pushing on her 
juicy cunt with the palm of my hand as I simultaneously prodded her asshole with the 
finger, "get on top of me, I want to see you slut-dance on my cock." I withdrew my 
finger from her inflamed asshole, as she got up from beside me, her face flushed red, 
but definitely a slight smile playing on her lips. She straddled me, putting her meaty 
thighs on either side of my pelvis, and was hovering on top of my cock for a bit. The 
juices from her overfilled cunt slowly dripping down on top of my throbbing, rehardened 
cock, forming erotic strings of sex fluid connecting our genitalias.

From below, I reached up and grabbed her face with my hand, the same hand with 
which I was exploring her shit canal. She eagerly kissed it, getting a revolted look on her 
face only seconds later as the smell of her own shit hit her. I smiled as I noticed the 
increase in the flow of mom-cum on my cock. "I am so lucky to have a masochistic slut 
like you for my mom." I said, staring into her eyes as I wedged the shit finger into her 
mouth. She didn't even need to be told and started to clean it, sucking on it like 
bitter candy, all on her own initiative. "Good girl." I said as I slotted another one of 
my fingers into her succulent wet mouth, and using it as leverage, pulled her down on 
my cock.

Getting inside her was slightly easier this time around, Not that her tiny fiery cunt 
was suddenly welcoming, but because of all the squirting and fucking earlier, we didn't 
need to struggle as much for me to get in her and start banging. She started moving 
on her own, slow at first, then gaining speed as her cunt restretched to accommodate 
my girth. Her tummy and huge saggy breasts jiggling up and down, out of sync with 
the rest of her body. Her tongue was still slobbering around my fingers, which was 
pristinely cleaned by now, while her eyes remained closed, her head tilting to the side as 
if she was in a trance. I dragged my slobber covered finger down her neck onto her tit, 
the one with the clamped nipple. Grabbing the clamp I stretched her breast up to my 
face, almost forming a cone as she shrieked with pain, suddenly halting her slut-dance 
on my hungry cock. "Don't stop fucking, mom!" I barked and she leaned over on top of 
me, hands either side of my shoulders and started to move just her hips, slower now. 
"Sorry honey," she cooed, her face inches from mine, "mommy is just tired from 
cumming so much." giving me a pained smile and a wink, almost stopping my pounding 
heart due to her slutty cuteness. "Now this," I said, grabbing the screw of the clamp, 
"is really going to hurt, you slut!" and unscrewed it. 

The base of her nipple looked completely crushed while the end had swollen up and 
taken on a bluish hue. She kept fucking me for a few moments before her brain finally 
registered the pain being caused by the reflow of blood into her previously crushed 
nipple. Her scream ripped through the stormy night, an animalistic cry filling the entire 
house, yet her cunt only flooded with more of her, seemingly infinite, pool of cum. She 
was squirting again, covering my entire upper torso with a literal explosion of the stuff. 
Her eyes starting to roll back into her head. But I brought her back to me by grabbing 
her abused teat, and spanking her hard on the side of her butt. "Don't fucking stop 
moving, cunt!" I shouted at her, staring into her glazing eyes, as I ground my monster 
up into her petite milfy body. 

She focused her eyes on me, and through tears and gritted teeth, started to match 
her strokes with mine. I kept massaging her crushed nipple (thus increasing the blood 
flow and the pain) while spanking her on the side of her left asscheek, as she kept 
fucking her 'squirt-master 3000' onto my raging cock. As I felt my inevitable orgasm 
approach, I started hammering up into her cunt relentlessly and when I finally came 
into her gushing hole a minute later, her eyes rolled back into her head, as her entire 
body went into spasmodic convulsions. I let go of her throbbing nipple and she fell back 
on the bed, onto my legs, her hips jerking almost independently from the rest of her 
spasming body, as a fountain of piss and cum erupted from her abused cunt and 
drenched everything in its path, me included.

Mom had gone limp after convulsing for 5 whole minutes, spit drooled from her half 
open mouth, her eyes were half closed, only the whites visible her mascara ran down her 
face making her look even more like a slut. Because of our positions her legs were spread 
out on either sides of me. her red, inflamed and slightly gaping pussy was right in front 
of me, giving me a clear view of all the cum leaking out of her cunt, I noticed streaks 
of pinks mixed in with all the milky white discharge. I picked her up and set her back 
on the bed properly, then, spooning my satisfied naked slut-mother, fell asleep myself.


====================================

if you are one of the few people who found this story erotic, I would love to hear from you,
 you can reach me at my email id
linard.fire@gmail.com

