Eva's Physical Exam
by DrAllaire

Eva's revealing physical at a teaching hospital.

Eva's Physical Exam Ch. 01

Carl drove the car up to the entrance of the clinic so that his gorgeous wife Eva could rush in as they were already 15 minutes late for her physical exam. Eva hurried out of the car into the reception area to check herself in.

"Eva Mills to see Dr. Allaire," she said to the receptionist.

"You are late madame, I will 'ave to see if the doctor can squeeze you in between appointments, please take a seat," replied the stern looking, middle aged man behind the reception desk.

"Thank you!" said Eva, sitting on one of the grey chairs in the reception waiting area.

A moment later, Carl entered the sliding doors to the reception, glancing around to find his wife before sitting in the seat next to her. Eva and Carl were at the end of a two - week vacation in the South of France. Eva needed to have a full physical examination as part of the requirements for her coaching internship this summer. The clinic near her home in Blackfriars had quoted her the princely sum of £1,000 to provide such an exam, an exorbitant amount way above what she could afford as a full time student.

It was a conversation with a doctor who was staying in the same hotel on this vacation in which she had learnt of the small teaching clinic at the university in the same town which offered the same service for free in exchange for students being able to observe and participate in the exams.

"Ms. Mills please!" shouted the receptionist.

Eva rose from her chair, her worry that she wouldn't be able to have her exam having subsided. Shooting a "love you, see you later!" look to Carl, she quickly followed the receptionist to a room off the main reception area.

"The doctor says he has another appointment at half past 5 sharp, but as you need this exam for your internship he will squeeze you in." stated the receptionist. "If you could please undress and the doctor will be with you as soon as possible."

"Completely?" said Eva.

"Yes, completely, dear!" said the receptionist, as if aghast someone would consider this a strange request.

The receptionist left the room and, eager to get the examination completed, Eva quietly began to comply with the order. She bent down to get her shoes off as she took the chance to glance around the sparsely furnished room, it's only contents a clothes rack and an old fashioned set of scales in one corner.

Eva had just started to peel off her socks when the door opposite the one leading to the reception area opened and a tall, middle aged man Eva presumed to be in his mid-50s entered wearing a white lab coat, followed by a young lady Eva guessed was one of the medical students.

A warm smile across his face, the doctor addressed Eva.

"Hello Miss. Mills, this is Sasha, one of our medical interns from the university, I am Doctor Arianne. We are running to a tight schedule so we must be as quick as we can, I have another patient at half past," he said in a caring and calming yet authoritative tone which put Eva at ease.

"Yes, sir!" she replied.

The doctor began the exam by taking down details of her medical history - asking whether she had had any serious illness in the past, when she had her last period and so on as she continued to undress. The blouse she had been wearing was swiftly unbuttoned and removed, as were her jeans. The doctor nonchalantly continued to probe her medical history as she peeled off her Victoria's Secret bra and panties.

Now completely nude and feeling totally exposed, Eva instinctively covered her pubic mound and breasts with her hands, blushing at the shame yet also feeling a primitive state of arousal shoot up her spine at the thought of being so crudely exposed to these two strangers.

The doctor handed the clipboard to the intern.

"Height and weight next, get on the scales," he said.

Eva obediently complied, walking across to the scales on the other side of the room and stepping onto them, letting her hands fall slowly to her sides leaving her front totally exposed. The doctor lowered the rod to the top of her head and adjusted the weight scale until it balanced.

"5-6 and 127, step down."

Eva hurried off the scales, recovering her breasts and pubic mound as she did so. Eva mused to herself why she had not been offered a gown, but then reminded herself she was in a country which had a much more relaxed attitude to nudity than her native UK, something she had witnessed first hand on this holiday on the beaches and during her first life drawing class. Not wanting to make a fuss, she said nothing.

"Follow me to the examination room," said the good doctor "where we will conduct the rest of the exam."


Eva's Physical Exam Ch. 02

Eva followed the doctor and intern through another white door opposite the one leading to the reception area, entering into a larger examination room where four more medical interns were stood in front of an examination couch and a trolley containing various medical implements.

The doctor indicating to Eva to stand in front of the examination couch, a request to which she quickly complied with as the medical students gathered around the doctor in rapt silence.

"Turn around," stated the doctor.

Eva again quietly complied, exposing her bare backside to the assembled students for the first time, becoming preoccupied with the combination of humiliation, lust and arousal she was feeling. The doctor proceeded to get two pairs of latex gloves from the trolley next to the examination couch, putting one on himself and handing another to one of the students, a pimply faced male student with glasses and braces.

The doctor had Eva bend slightly over the examination couch, something Eva knew had given the students a glimpse of her pussy, before standing straight in order for the doctor to check her posture. The student came next, having Eva repeat the process so he could practice checking her posture also. The doctor then had Eva turn round and checked her mouth with a flat metal spatula and checking her eyesight with a flashlight. Each time a different student was invited to repeat the procedure.

As these parts of the exam were finished, the doctor indicated for Eva to sit on the examination couch, before instructing the students to stand either side so they could get a close up view of the next parts of the exam.

The doctor retrieved a stethoscope and proceeded to listen to her lungs and heart through the back and front of her chest. He then used a flashlight to examine her nose, throat and ears, all the while explaining to the assembled students what he was doing in French.

"The next part of the examination will be the breast exam, raise your left arm above your head," said the doctor, Eva quietly complying. He probed everywhere before squeezing her nipple.

"Feel any sensitivity?" he asked.

"No," replied Eva.

He proceeded to repeat the process on her other breast before announcing the next part of the exam.

"Please bend over and we will now proceed with the rectal part of the examination."

Eva bent over the examination table, more mortified than at any point during the examination, yet also quietly compliant and aroused at the same time. The doctor put on another latex glove and proceeded to rest one hand on her ass cheek whilst using the other to probe her asshole.

"No problems there," he said, throwing the glove in the bin.

"Turn over please, legs in the stirrups and we will give you a pelvic exam."

He put on a clean glove and covered his middle finger with lubricant before parting her lips and examining each part of her genatalia in full, explaining each part in French for the assembled students. He proceeded to give her a smear test before handing her a sheet of tissue to clean herself up.

"If you could please stand up," said the doctor "and we will commence the dermatology exam. We will check for any moles or lumps visually."

The students proceeded to surround Eva and observe her skin for any moles, a couple were spotted and examined by the doctor but were not a cause for concern.

"Thank you, we will now take you for the x-rays which will conclude our examination, please follow me," stated Dr. Allaire, handing Eva a small drape the size of a small towel and a pair of sandals. The drape barely covered her breasts and pubic mound and left her back totally bare. Eva proceeded to follow the doctor out of another door, followed by the medical students.

Part of her was wanting to bail on the examination but the unexpected level of exposure in such a crude manner had aroused something primitive in her, the mixture of exposure, humiliation and arousal consuming and fascinating her.

Eva quickly slipped on the flip-flops she had been given and hugged the drape closely to her front as she followed the doctor out of the examination room door and up a flight of stairs. Realizing that the five medical students walking behind her were getting a full view of her bare backside and her cunt as they walked up the stairs behind her made the conflicting feelings of humiliation and arousal she was experiencing even more intense, the arousal increasing each time the humiliation increased.

Eva followed the doctor into a room marked "x-rays", where the x-ray technician, whom Eva guessed to be a similar age to the doctor stood.

Dr. Allaire proceeded to give some instructions to the x-ray technician and ordered the students to get behind the window, both in French, before turning to Eva.

"Hand me the drape and shoes, stand in front of the window there," he ordered, pointing to a black square on the floor.

Eva quietly complied, uncovering her erect nipples and soaking wet pussy to everyone present, before placing one hand on the doctor's shoulder to avoid falling over as she removed each flip-flop. The technician and doctor proceeded to step behind the window.

The x-ray technician had Eva stand facing the window, sideways and with her back to it as he proceeded to get x-rays of the required areas. When he had finished, doctor came back from behind the window followed by the students.

"When we have the x-rays we will send you the certification of fitness, thank you for your time today, you may now get dressed" said the doctor.

The doctor, followed by Eva and the medical students, filed back out of the examination room they had come from, the doctor having forgotten to hand Eva back the gown and flip-flops in the rush to return to the examination room and get it ready for the next patient.

Eva, in a daze of arousal after this experience, did not think to ask for it back, hurriedly exiting into the preparation room and dressed as quickly as she could.

Her head was still swimming with the excitement and arousal and excitement at the crude humiliation and exposure she had experienced, her arousal having been heightened by every further act of exposure.

"All good?" said Carl, looking up from his phone.

Her eyes still glazed, Eva grabbed Carl by the hand and dragged him out of the reception to the car park.

"Drive me home, now!" she said in an excited tone.


