Stewardess will Masturbate for You
byStewardessMasturbationFantasy©

I am a US Airline stewardess but you wouldn't know from your flight with me that I am an addicted exhibitionist.

Simply put, I enjoy masturbating for men while they watch. It has become my favorite way of sexually expressing and satisfying myself - my real life fantasy acted out.

As an exhibitionist, I take advantage of my travels to find men willing to indulge me, whether it's for a pilot or a male flight attendant on my crew, someone I may know on the hotel staff or even as wild as a group of men if I can arrange it.

I think men like the idea of a 'stewardess' getting naked so my outfit of choice is my actual flight attendant uniform. I feel sexy just wearing it on the airplane attracting men's extended glances with an extra blouse buttons undone, but so much more so when I'm stripping from it for complete strangers. Plus I already have it with me on my layover so I don't have to think of something else to pack.

I usually act out my fantasy at my layover hotel. I say 'usually' because, in Amsterdam, my favorite layover city because of its liberal attitudes on sex, I have a helpful friend that makes special arrangements for me, the most daring being working a 'picture window' in the De Wallen section of the Red Light District, usually on Saturday nights which works well for me because I can only hold the trip on weekends anyway.

This particular shop owner is more than willing to host me because he says the regular girls are not very motivated to work an hour long shift on public display but which, for me, is the most exhilarating exhibitionist act I can think of and he says he gets more walk-ins when I'm in the window, the kind of compliment the exhibitionist in me seems to crave.

I enter the small room with the big picture window wearing lingerie and a mask which hides my face and allows me to anonymously act out my exhibitionist fantasy of masturbating for strangers which are mostly male British tourists visiting for the weekend.

It's an hour of bliss for me as men stop and watch me from the other side of the glass as I dance in my sexy Latina style and I strip to nude leaving only my heels. The shop owner tells me that visitors compliment him on his particular selection of Saturday night girls plus I smile a lot which makes me stand out compared to other sex shop girls. He says my tan lines also make me stand out and look good in the glow of the red lighting - tan lines being something you rarely see on the picture window girls.

He says visiting men are disappointed when he tells them I only work the window - meaning I'm not actually a working girl although, I have to say, he has tried hard to convince me.

"You're already here on a layover."

"Men would pay a lot to be with you." Then he quotes a tempting amount of money for not a lot of work. The part the both scares and excites me is that just the suggestion of being a prostitute for a night activates that part of my fantasy mind that all to easily crosses the line but so far I haven't but I have to say that when I'm masturbating in the window I think about being one of these men's fantasy girls for the evening.

So after dancing and posing nude for the tourist passerby, I hope to keep their attention by leaning back in a chair that I pull up to the window and watch men's eyes lustfully gaze between my legs as I part them. I love the reaction I get when I continue by hooking my legs over the armrests of the chair showing my pussy for the first time. It's all smiles for me.

If men haven't taken any photos they probably start now. It's funny seeing them shaking their heads yes or giving thumbs up signs when I pinch my labia and teasingly pull them straight out but keep them together. They get their cameras ready in anticipation. I try not to disappoint.

Eventually, I'm ready to complete my exhibitionist hour by fingering to orgasm either in the chair or in a chaise lounge that occupies a wall in the tiny room. I climax easily thinking of the men that will later get off to watching the video they are taking of me masturbating.

So in any city but Amsterdam, I may meet a man or maybe even a group of men sitting at a table, say, in the hotel lobby bar, and when the conversation allows, I reveal my fantasy of stripping nude from my uniform but I don't say anything about masturbating. I want it to be an erotic and welcome surprise.

In the chosen hotel room, I ask my guest or guests to leave a corner of the bed available to me after I strip which is where I hope to both surprise and impress. I lie back, my breathing quickened from the dancing, and rest my arms above my head and close my eyes. Then I nonchalantly place my legs on either side of the bed corner to give a more detailed view of what has so far been only my tan lined landing strip. The transition reveals my clit peeking out, my labia wings flaring and the opening of my vagina.

While I'm relaxing with my legs parted, I might enjoy an erotic conversation while my nude body is being studied. The exhibitionist in me really gets off to my tits, pussy and ass being bared for total strangers. If they want to see more, I indulge them and straighten and raise my off my legs off the bed and let gravity spread them apart. Then I use my fingers to unhood my rather prominent clit, which men sometimes comment on, and pinch and pull my labia apart. That's the nastier side of me that I think initially surprises men but that I also think they either secretly or openly desire. But the best part for me as an exhibitionist is what follows.

Depending on how I think my audience wants me to masturbate, I'll go from keeping my legs provocatively raised and spread placing them in the hands of a couple men willing to hold them for me to sensually pleasuring myself lying in the middle of the bed, my head resting on someone's lap. The personal interaction makes the experience with total strangers paradoxically intimate.

I like to use just the extended middle finger of my right hand to masturbate while forming a 'V' with my left hand using it to unhood my clit and keep my labia spread in order to give my voyeurs an unobstructed view of my pussy as it builds towards climax.

Although it's difficult, I occasionally pause my fingering because the longer build up gives me a more intense and pleasurable orgasm and, also, when I slide my finger up, I show my increasingly excited clit and contracting pussy. To make my masturbation show more complete, I tuck my arms in close to my boobs which presses them together and makes them jiggle in rhythm to my fingering. I want my guest to remember me well after I have returned, satisfied, to my room.

So keep an eye out for me when you 'Fly The Friendly Skies'. Who knows what a suggestive wink will get you - a strip and masturbation show from a flight attendant?
