Mary the total Exhibitionist. A short amusing tale by Lady Grey 

It was just before 7 p.m., Mary was nervously sitting in her bedroom.
She was naked and waiting for his call; she was an attractive twenty 
eight-year-old with a superb figure. Her three times weekly aerobic 
classes kept her body in trim and that was where she had first bumped 
into Eric, the guy's whose call she was now awaiting. 

Since she had met him at the aerobics class just over a month ago the
man had completely taken her over; she was willing to do almost 
anything for him. On their second date after making love in an 
attractive wooded area much favoured by local couples a few miles from 
where she lived, she had agreed at first a little reluctantly to walk 
back to the car naked. In the end she had enjoyed the experience so 
much that she had agreed much to Eric's delight to travel all the way 
home in the same state. 

She had found she got an almost unbelievable thrill from appearing naked
in public areas even though up to now she had never been observed by 
anyone but Eric himself. Last week they had been to the cinema in the 
mall and he had asked her on this occasion to wear only a short belted 
coat with nothing on under it. It had been fun in the cinema, as Eric 
was able to easily explore her naked body with ease even though they 
were in a crowded cinema.  Then for and extra thrill, on the way back 
to the car he had made her walk with it unbelted. That late at night 
they were the only a few people around in the mall and the only person 
they saw on the way back to the parking area was a security guard who 
was too far away to see anything. 

Tonight they were hoping to take things a step further by driving over
to the next town where neither of them would be recognised. At last the 
phone rang "Just a long white tee shirt and bring a short skirt and top 
with you." Eric's voice said, then phone went dead. 

Mary selected a tee shirt from the selection in her draws, she picked
one out that came just to the top of her thighs and was just long 
enough to hide her pussy but from the rear almost exposed her trim 
bottom. She packed the other items in a shoulder bag and waited till 
she heard him pull up outside her apartment. As she went down stairs 
she was already feeling the excitement as the cool evening breeze 
excited her as she felt it on her exposed parts. 

He smiled across at her as she slid into the seat, her action allowing
the tee shirt to rise up and display her clean- pussy to his 
appreciative gaze. Once on the highway he reached over and pressed his 
hand between her legs, she opened them willingly allowing him to slide 
a couple of fingers into the warm wetness of her pussy. He continued to 
play with her until the pulled off the highway and made their way into 
the small town of Jaxonville. 

Once in the town he pulled up at one end of the high street. It was
early evening and there were not too many people around. He instructed 
her to get out of the car and walk slowly down to the next 
intersection. She was to take her time so that he could observe her and 
also be close by in case of problems. He would then be at the end of 
the street to pick her up. 

He leaned over and kissed her and ran his hands over the delightful
mounds of her thinly covered breasts it excited him just as much as it 
did her feeling how hard her already erect nipples were that were now 
pressed tight against the thin white tee shirt. 

He watched with interest as she set off on the short walk, from his
position he could clearly see the twin shapes of her curvaceous bottom 
that showed slightly beneath the hem of the tee shirt. He knew it would 
be obvious to anyone who looked in her direction that she was 
completely naked under the thin white shirt. 

He drove slowly down the road, keeping pace with her and watching her
and the reaction of the people who passed her. He saw two young men 
turn and look as she passed them, one of them made some comment to his 
mate and pointed in her direction having probably clearly seen her 
naked back side. 

By the time she got back in the car she was very excited this was proved
when Eric dipped his fingers into her by now dripping pussy. They drove 
around town for a while looking for new locations on the outskirts of 
town they came across a short foot bridge that went across the highway 
Eric suggested that she walk across the bridge too the far side and 
then remove her shirt and walk back naked. He was pleased to see that 
the idea excited her. 

The area where the bridge was situated was quite, but the main highway
running under it was quite busy with cars. Before he got out of the car 
and checked a camera he had brought with him, he watched her as she 
slowly walked across the bridge. From his viewing position below and 
her he could clearly see up her shirt and got the exciting view of her 
displayed delights. She got a few toots from passing motorists as she 
made her way to the other side they had probably had caught a quick 
flash as well. 

Once she had got to the other side after a quick look around she slipped
off the shirt and began to slowly make her way back. This time a 
headlight flashed and horns blared. When she reached the centre of the 
bridge she even stopped leaned over the rail and waved cheekily at the 
passing motorists. It was a wonder that a major accident did not occur 
as the motorists were distracted by the sight of an attractive naked 
woman waving at them from the bridge. Eric was pleased with her 
performance and got some good shots of her that would be fun to look 
back on. 

This time Mary was in such a state by the time she got back into the car
that was only relieved by a good screwing on the back seat.  Several 
more incidents followed that night including one final one where Eric 
had suggested to the by now extremely aroused young woman that she go 
into a quit all night store totally naked and pick up a bottle of wine. 
Eric smiled as a completely bemused assistant watched her as she walked 
slowly around the shelves before selecting a couple of bottles of wine. 
She even spent some time chatting with the young man as she made her 
purchase. When they at last made their was back to Eric's flat they 
spent the of the rest of the night relieving each others pent up 
tensions. 

It was a week or so later after some discussions about just how far she
was willing to go for him Eric decided on his boldest plan to date. He 
called her and told her to wait for him to pick her up, he instructed 
her to wear only the short belted coat that she had worn to the cinema 
a couple of weeks earlier. 

He had after some research by chance discovered an area of town that he
had not been in before there was a small-dilapidated run down cinema 
that specialised in porn films. This was where he now took after 
picking her up. He parked the car in a small parking lot about a block 
away from the cinema and walked the short distance to the cinema. They 
passed a quite bar and an empty pizza shop staffed by two bored looking 
assistants. When the entered the cinema it was only about a quarter 
full and they took their seats in the centre of the stalls. At first no 
one took any notice of the couple as Eric watched the movie while his 
hands began to explored her naked body beneath the short coat. 

They had been in the cinema about half an hour when a man came in and
sat himself in the seat one away from where Mary was sitting Eric 
noticed he kept glancing in her direction as he continued to caressed 
Mary's firm breasts under the coat. When the guy wasn't looking Eric 
gently eased Mary's coat slightly apart displaying a to the guy a 
glimpse of her long legs. As slowly he began to eased the coat a little 
further apart it became clear to the by now interested guy that she was 
probably not wearing anything under the short coat. The guy grinned in 
anticipation in Eric's direction when he saw what was now on view. 

Eric looked at him and smiled and slid the top of the coat open a little
more until one firm creamy breast tipped with an already erect nipple 
came into view. Now the guy had suddenly lost all interest in the film 
and was watching the private show that Eric and Mary were putting on 
for him. 

Mary just lay back in her seat revelling in the excitement of being
publicly exposed like this. Another guy sitting in front of them had 
suddenly realised that something was going on behind him and had turned 
around. His eyes opened wide when he saw Mary's exposed charms. 

Meanwhile the man sitting next to her had moved himself one seat closer
and on Eric's invitation had pulled open the other side of her coat. 
Now her naked body was openly displayed to anyone who cared to look in 
their direction. 

She groaned has Eric worked his fingers into her already wet pussy and
the man beside her took this as an open invitation and began to caress 
her breast. Eric's final stroke was to ask her to ease herself up so 
that he could completely remove her coat. Then he got up and made some 
excuse about going to the men's room. Mary much to her excitement was 
left totally naked in a porn cinema surrounded by men who had already 
been aroused by watching a very explicit sex film. 

To Mary the pleasure was unbelievable as several of them made use of her
body roughly caressing her breasts and dipping their fingers into the 
delights of her by now streaming pussy. She wondered suddenly if Eric 
had gone and left her to the mercy of the men around her and although 
she was enjoying the experience she was pleased to see him return at 
last and the guys allowed him to take up his seat at her side. 

Her pleasures continued all through the film although by the time the
film ended very few people were actually watching it most of them were 
gathered around where Mary and Eric were sitting getting themselves 
involved in more actual pleasures. 

As the film finished several men thanked the young couple as they began
to make their way out of the cinema. Mary in the meantime was looking 
around for her coat but it was no where to be seen. Eric smiled to 
himself. "Somebody must have stolen it." He said, "what are we going to 
do." 

Mary after her experience in the cinema was of course totally aroused
and needing to get back to the car for some urgently needed relief. It 
was then that it struck her that without the coat she was going to have 
to walk back to the car naked. 

With a last look around she grabbed Eric's arm and followed him out of
the cinema, in the small foyer she got some strange looks from the 
staff as she and Eric made there way out on to the street. 

It had been reasonably quite when the came in but now the street was
quite busy, Mary at first felt a little scared as the people around 
looked at her and pointed her out to their friends and companions. Eric 
told her not to worry she was very beautiful and she should not let it 
bother her, She suddenly realised that this was the truth, she loved 
being naked and she loved people seeing her naked, she was not ashamed 
of her body. She brightened up and began waving and smiling at the 
people as they passed. 

The sensation of being totally naked on a public street was awesome; she
had never experienced a feeling like it. The small bar they had passed 
on the way in was now crowded with people a lot were outside drinking 
on the sidewalk when they saw the naked girl approaching she heard loud 
whoops and cheers. Mary waved to them and smiled as they walked passed, 
she even gave them a little twirl. 

As the approached the Pizza place Eric asked her if she would like to
take one home, she thought it was a great idea and they entered the 
small shop. The two guys who had looked a little so bored an hour or so 
earlier now brightened up at the sight of Mary's beautiful naked body. 
Much to the delight of the staff and customers she even stood and 
chatted with them while they waited for their order to be completed.  
Mary had never enjoyed herself so much, and when they at last arrived 
home, the Pizza lay uneaten on the table as Eric tried to satisfy her 
by now unbelievable pent up lust. 

If you have any ideas where Eric and Mary should next play their game
please let me know and I will try to come up with something. 

Love for now. 




