Cam ends up offworld the next day and the day after that, accompanying SG-6 on a routine survey that is actually for once really just a routine survey. It's late on Thursday night when he gets back and he knows it's a long shot but he heads to the diner anyway hoping to catch Vala working. He'd been very intrigued with the direction that conversation had been going in.

Vala had given up on seeing the special military man for awhile. She checked for him in the mornings, despite strictly telling herself not to but she wasn't able to help it.

She's wiping down a table, the diner mostly deserted for the night when the bells ring behind her. She's busy and her feet are tired so she doesn't bother answering it, letting her new co-worker handle this one.

Well, that's not Vala. Cam frowns, glancing around, but he spots her across the room and smiles. He waves the waitress away, snagging the newspaper off the counter when he walks by. She must be distracted because he gets fairly close to her before clearing his throat. "This table in your section?"

Vala jumps, dropping her rag onto the table and whirling around, hands at the ready to take down her attacker. She pauses and then relaxes once she notices who it is.

"You scared me," she accuses, hand to her chest. "But, well, yes. I suppose so. Any of these tables really, the new girl is, well, new."

He laughs at how she's startled, grabbing the wrist that flails toward him with surprising strength. Her form was good, she looks like she knows how to handle herself. Amazing what a self defense class can do these days.

"Sorry," he gives her a smile that he's been told before is a bit charming. "Didn't mean to scare you."

"You enjoy sneaking up on unsuspecting diner waitresses often?" She questions, furrowing her brow at him slightly. She notes the paper he swiped in his hands and the menu in his other hand. "Well, need a seat then colonel?" She asks, teasing him.

"A seat, some food, a hard drink..." Cam says. "Guess you probably can't help with that last one here, though."

The diner looks different at night. It's a small place, but it looks bigger without people crowding the counter and stuffed into the booths. He can't see the cook in the back, either, like he normally can, sticking his head through and shouting for "Val" or Betty.

"What? A hard drink?" Vala snorts and grins, showing him to a table. "Well, whats your poison then?" She asks, pointing him towards a seat and then walking back towards the register and disappearing under the counter for a moment.

"Whiskey, bourbon, gin... Whiskey good for you?" She shouts from beneath the counter.

He gapes at her as he watches her walk away. She can't really have...

Okay, maybe she can.

"Whatever you got - yeah, whiskey's good," he says with a grin.

She grins and jumps around the counter, sitting and spinning as she slides over it. "Sal's busy taking the trash out," she explains grinning, uncorking it and pouring Cam a fifth in a small milk glass. "But, well, you look like you could use it. Look a little rough around the edges."

Vala slides the glass over and pours herself some, shooting it back straight. "So whats got you looking like you saw your life flash before your eyes and you got disappointed at the highlight reel?"

He watches her do a shot, impressed when she doesn't flinch at all. He's seen soldiers that couldn't do that.

He sips it himself, wanting to make it last a little bit. It also gives him a minute to think about exactly how to answer her question. "Just got my first taste of what this new position will mean. It was an eye-opener."

That's putting it very lightly. Stepping foot on a planet that wasn't earth? Even having been to Dakara and back... it was still jarring. It left him thrilled and exhilarated and weirdly homesick, too.

Vala raises an eyebrow. "All the paperwork you could ask for, huh?" She says, pouring herself another few fingers worth and this time taking longer with them.

He ignores that little comment. It's too hard to explain exactly what he does... she hasn't asked yet, and he's fine with that. He's not sure if he can sell the "deep space radar technology" line just yet. Of all the reading material he'd had in the hospital, somehow that packet on the cover story kept slipping to the bottom of the stack. SG-1 mission reports were just a way more interesting way to kill the hours.

"So Sal keeps the good stuff stashed away, huh?" He asks, finishing off what she'd poured for him and sliding his cup back over with a winning smile.

"Absolutely. You think there is any other way to deal with a long hard day of annoying customers?" Vala asks, giving his winning smile a wink of her own as she tops his glass off.

"You sure he wants you sharing the stash with one of those annoying customers?" Cam asks. He pulls the glass back and takes another sip. It's a nice burn going down, not the very good stuff, but not bottom line either. It's probably exactly what Cam would pick out if he were standing in the liquor store.

"Well, I guess we'll have to keep it our secret won't we?" Vala says, grinning widely at him.

"Hey, um, Val?" Stacy, the new girl with curly blonde hair, walks up, fidgeting on the spot with her top. "My boyfriend is here... Is it okay if I go....?"

Vala waves the girl on. "Go on. Night is young, have fun, recreate and so forth," she grins.

The girl is young, barely more than a teenager it looks like, but he can easily see her settling into a career as a grizzled waitress. Maybe it's a mean though to to have, but it's true. He gives her a polite smile that she completely ignores while waiting on Vala's response.

As she walks away, Cam almost chokes on the whiskey. "Procreate? Is that what you just said to her?"

Vala turns back to Cam and laughs. "No. I said go and recreate! Have fun, loosen up and get naked. Not to settle down and have kids." She snorts and sips more of her own whiskey. "That girl will wait years before doing that if she's smart."

Cam snorts, but refrains from actually saying that he doubts she'll make it years. "What about you? You do a lot of recreating? Or procreating?"

"Procreating? No." Vala is quick to dismiss that one right away. "Now, recreating..." Vala looks back towards Sal's very quiet kitchen station before back to the attractive colonel and slides down into the booth across from him.

"I recreate from time to time. When the mood or the situation strikes me," she shrugs, making herself comfortable in the booth.

"You got anyone you recreate with right now?" He tries to look casual asking, but his eyes flicker up to try and gauge the look on her face.

"You've never even given me your name and you're already asking me if I want to have sex?" Vala asks, sitting up and grinning at him. Oh she knows his name. He's got a badge with his last name on it that he's wearing and she swiped his card the last time he was in... but that isn't the point she's making.

His eyes go wide. "No! No. I wasn't asking you if you wanted to have sex!"

He's spends a few frantic seconds trying to figure out how to make this situation better before he spots her grin and rolls his eyes, relaxing. "You knew exactly what I meant, didn't you? And my name is Cameron Mitchell - Cam."

"I know," Vala replies, grinning back at him and finishing off her glass. She unscrews the bottle cap and indicates to his mostly empty cup if he wants anymore as well.

"So, you're asking me if I have sex, but you don't want to have sex with me. You're just asking, to be polite. Or to tease, which one is it colonel?"

"Can I just plead the fifth at this point?" He groans and thunks his head against the tabletop. After a few seconds he looks back up, and then pushes the glass toward her, nodding. "I was asking if you were seeing anyone."

Vala takes pity on the poor man and gives him more alcohol. "No, I'm not seeing anyone right now Colonel Cameron Mitchell of the USAF."

"Good to know," Cam says, and he leaves it at that. He's not really sure what prompted him to ask in the first place.

Well, no, he knows what prompted him, but he's not sure if it's the best idea to follow that line of thought. New job, new life... he's not sure where anything else would fit into that. But Vala makes him laugh, and he appreciates that.

Vala doesn't press it, she leaves it and lets it drop when he does. "So, new job is tough. You have anything to eat yet before you came to bother me?"

"I came here for food," he reminds her. "And - bothering? Here I thought you were enjoying our little conversations."

She smiles, standing. She was teasing and she has a feeling he knows that. "Well, I think Sal left and has let me lock up..." She declines from really explaining that she also lives upstairs in Sal's old apartment, renting it from him.

"So. What can I get you?" She asks, moving to actually lock the front door before heading into the back kitchen to start something up for him. "Believe it or not, I've actually seen Sal work a few of the things in here. I'm not too bad."

He frowns. He hadn't really intended to put her out that much. "Hey, there's a Waffle House down the block, I can just head over there if you're ready to get home. I'm sure you've had a long day, too."

"Better stay right there!" She shouts from the kitchen. "I am expecting a good tip from that table mister." She leans out the kitchen window and inclines her head towards him, wanting him to come on over. "Now, what can I get for you that will be ten times more amazing than waffle house?"

"Think you've already done that," he says, holding up his whiskey glass. He looks at what's left then tips it back. "As far as food goes... think you can do those blueberry pancakes? They look awful good on the menu there."

"Hrm, I think I can," Vala agrees. Turning to the fridge, she digs around until she pulls out all the necessary ingredients for the batter. Putting together the flour and the buttermilk, she adds a bit of regular butter and the blueberries into the mix as she waits for the griddle to heat up.

"Anything else to go with those cakes colonel? I'm sure you're a lot hungrier than that."

"I don't want to put you out any more than I already have..." Cam says, but he's already gazing over the menu again. It's been a long couple of days of ration bars and MREs. "Maybe some bacon?"

"I'm sorry, what? You didn't want me to put out any more than I am?" She repeats, grinning as she faces the griddle, pouring out the first few pancakes.

He gets up and moves from the booth he's sitting at over to the counter, pausing to grab his menu and place it back on the stack just under the counter. There's a barstool that sits just in front of the little window to the kitchen that they place tickets at, so he slides onto that one.

When she looks up at him and sees him there, he gives her a little wave.

She grins and returns to what she's doing, adding a few slices of bacon to the griddle. She slides the two finished pancakes onto a plate and into the oven to keep warm before returning back to add more batter to the stove. He watches her as she cooks, what he can see at least - her face, ducking in and out of view as she moves around. The diner feels even smaller somehow when it's empty.

"So, what do you do when you aren't flipping pancakes for demanding military officers?"

"I run an underground smuggling ring dealing in rare and antique artifacts," Vala replies easily. She disappears from view again and this time emerges from the door between the kitchen and the counter area.

"Uh," Cam says, laughing. He likes her imagination. He decides to go with it. "Well, I guess that must provide a little bit of income on the side, not bad. Secondary cash flow... never a bad thing."

"Oh I find it supplies me with what I need fairly well," she agrees, adding a dish of butter and real maple syrup to the counter next to him.

He notices the second fork in her hand, and isn't surprised. "So what kind of artifacts do you deal in? Historical value, or the shiny pretty kind?"

"Oh whatever gets me most money," she mentions off handedly, cutting into the large pancakes. "But historical is most common."

He just hums in agreement, starting in on his food.

"So, Vala... where are you from?" He asks. Her accent isn't quite like any he's heard before, and he's traveled around a lot in his career.

"Oh, sort of from around everywhere," Vala says dismissively, crunching on a piece of bacon. "I came here from Texas not too long ago."

"Breaking hearts in diners across Texas?" He teases her, taking a big bite of pancake. "This is good, by the way. Thanks."

"Oh well, I'm sure there were a few," she admits, giving him a naughty grin. "Your welcome. Sal's recipe of course, but I tweaked it a bit."

"Tweaked it, huh?" He murmurs, not really paying attention to what he says. After that there are a few moments of silence, Cam focusing on his food, leaving her to her thoughts. He's wiping up the last of the syrup with the last bite of pancake when he looks back up at her. "You look tired."

It's a sign of the fact that he's tired that those words escape his lips. He cringes, realizing how it might sound, how it might be taken as offensive.

Vala lets it go, giving him an eye crinkling, soft smile. "I'm sure I do. Long days," she says, bussing the plate back to the kitchen.

"Maybe it's time to retire from the diner business and just support yourself on the smuggling ring," he jokes. His own limbs are growing heavy with exhaustion now that his stomach is full, and he thinks of his apartment, his bed, and how comfortable it will feel. He resists still though, enjoying the peace the night and the company of someone who knows absolutely nothing about potential alien domination. She's just a waitress at a diner and she doesn't know that if he messes up, he'll be responsible for the end of the world.

Vala snorts and leans against the wall. "Oh if I could," she says softly. She would give anything to go back to the smuggling ring she had been running but with the Lucian Alliance breathing down her neck and calling for her head, she had figured lying low for awhile would be her best course of action.

Besides, her cargo ship still wasn't fixed.

There's something weird to her voice there, something he can't quite identify, but he figures he might just be too tired and shrugs it off. A car passes outside and he glances over to the huge windows that dominate the front half of the building. Something occurs to him - his car is the only one in the parking lot. "You didn't walk here, did you?"

It's late, and there's not much around here. The idea of her having to walk back very far makes him frown.

"I did but really, don't worry about it. Its very, very few steps from here to where I stay," she assures Cam.

"Where..." He frowns. "Vala, there's nothing around here."

Vala gives him a wry smile and points up.

His eyes flicker upstairs and it takes a few seconds, but the light bulb dings in his brain. "... well, I guess you don't have far to walk, then."

"No. I didn't really have a place to stay when I got here. Sal was nice enough to rent the place up there cheap enough for me." Its not really a great neighborhood but then, Vala can deal with just about anything that tries to come her way.

Cam doesn't know that, though. He's just relieved she doesn't have to walk in the dark. Not that he'd have actually let her. "Nice of him... Sal. Hey, his name is Sal? I thought it was Sol's."

"Yes well, awkward isn't it?" She agrees. "A man named Sal bought it from a man named Sol and just decided to leave it as it was."

"Well, I'm glad Sal-not-Sol gave you a place to stay. Is this just a passing through thing, or..." He leaves it open, waiting for her to respond.

"Not sure," Vala replies, crossing her arms over her chest. "Don't know what my plans are yet. Staying, for the moment anyways."

"Good," Cam says, smiling at her. "I'd hate to break it to Sal, but your pancakes are better."

Vala breaks into a laugh, shaking her head. "You should try my cherry tart," she smirks, letting him think of that as he liked.

That catches him off guard. He leans back his head and laughs at that, a nice full laugh, almost refreshing. "You know, you talk like that and I'm gonna be back in here tomorrow night."

Vala grins wider. "Maybe I want you to be back in here tomorrow night." She gives him a look and pushes off from the wall and moves back over to him. He's cute and nice and Vala hasn't had something fun in her life since she left Texas months ago and yeah, Cam looks like he could be fun. Could be a nice little distraction from this tiny life she's leading.

He grabs his wallet, pulling out a twenty. It's almost twice what his meal actually costs, but she's definitely earned it - keeping the place open for him and all. Hell, it'd have been worth it even without the food, just the conversation. "That an invitation?"

"Would you prefer it gold plated and engraved?" Vala purrs, leaning forward, chin on her hands.

He grins, getting to his feet but leaning against the counter still. "Well, if I did, sounds like you'd be the one to come to. Your underground smuggling ring cover gold plating?"

"I'm sure we could whip something up for you," she assures him, smirking and winking.

"Maybe tomorrow night," he says, tapping his fingers against the counter. "Guess I'll let you get upstairs now."

"Alright then," she reaches forward and gently rests her hand on top of his, squeezing it slightly before letting go. "I'll go and let you out."

She moves over to the door and unlocks it so that he can actually leave.

He smiles when she puts her hand on his, and stands close behind while she unlocks the door.

He notices a bit of paper in her hair and reaches out, stroking his fingers through the thick locks (fingers brushing the back of her neck as he does) and then pulls out the crumpled up straw wrapper stuck there.

She wrinkles her nose, making a face and taking the paper from his fingers. "Thank you," she whispers quietly, crunching it up into a ball in her fist. "Have a safe drive home."

The gravel in the parking lot crunches under his feet as he walks back to his car.

*

The next day brings a new set of problems at the SGC. He's got problems and no team to deal with them and General Landry isn't too happy about either one of those situations. SG-1 are the problem solvers, and without an SG-1 apparently Washington is starting to get a bit antsy. They've done what they can, what they think will help, and now Daniel Jackson isn't being allowed to move on to Atlantis, and that's a whole different set of problems for Cam. He's got a pissed off scientist dogging him and he's none too sad about escaping the mountain around eight pm.

Its fairly busy at the diner, Betty having taken the night off and leaving Vala and the new young girl to field the night on their own.

Vala juggles three plates in her arms and weaves in and out of dining patrons all while keeping an ear out for Sal calling orders. Oh what she wouldn't give for her smuggling ring now.

The booths are all full, so Cam takes a seat at the bar. The other waitress - the new girl - is at the other end, and Cam's not sure if she actually seems inclined to wander toward him. It's obvious that Vala's working twice as hard, and that makes Cam frown. Does she ever get a night off?

Vala hadn't noticed Cam came in until she practically ran into the man as she moved behind the counter.

"I'm sorry I didn't-- Oh, hello," she says, voice rushed and hair falling out of her ponytail.

She looks like a whirlwind, messy hair and sparkling makeup, still a little too gaudy and a little too bright, but good on the surface. Someone calls her almost immediately, a snide "Waitress!" in a raised voice. "Go on, I'm fine."

Vala gives him a hurried but genuine smile before turning to the rude patron and plastering on as nice a smile as she can. She has a hard time dealing with patrons like these, rude and snide, her own anger flaring up.

She makes a sarcastic comment to the woman, raising an eyebrow at her as the woman stares at Vala, unable to believe that she would say something like that.

Giving the woman a beaming grin, she just takes the plates of food, not even touched and buses them away.

Cam's turned away from the counter just to watch her and he laughs when he sees her yank the full plates of food back. The flabbergasted couple stands in a hurry and makes their way out.

When Vala walks back over, Cam starts to clap. "That was impressive. I like how you handled that."

Unfortunately, it's obvious that Sal didn't.

Sal's aware of her temper, usually kept in check with rude diners. He glares at her tonight and points, obviously not happy.

"Yes well, I have a feeling I will be paying for their dinners tonight." She sighs before sliding one of the plates over to him, a nice huge chicken fried steak with mashed potatoes with corn and fried apples. "Here, its not been touched, want it?"

"Looks perfect," he says, happy to take it off her hands if it makes her job a little bit easier. Plus, the food does look good, and he hasn't tried the chicken fried steak here yet. "And I didn't even have a wait, that's some good service. Got a comment card you need me to fill out or something?"

He's teasing, smiling, trying to make her laugh and lighten the frustrated, worn out expression on her face.

She gives him a tense, tight smile before turning back to Sal and grabbing her next order. Hopefully this table will be more understanding and happy than the last.

He realizes that conversation might not be on the agenda for tonight, so he finishes his meal. He's got to get back to the base anyway... he pulls cash out of his wallet and finds an old receipt to write on, scribbling a note for her.

Vala comes back to the bar, hoping to see Cam and is disappointed by his empty seat and finished plate. She didn't want to admit it to herself, but she had begun to look forward to their conversations during and after dinner.

On top of the cash, Vala finds a receipt with a note.

Smile for me. 840-988-3342.

Vala cocks her head to the side and does smile, pocketing the cash.