Best Laid Plans (Chapter Two)

Was the Magic Box always this close to the house? It seemed as if she’d started the walk only a moment ago and now - here she was, a foot from the door. Okay, Willow, breathe. And try not to look so guilty.

Willow didn’t have a mirror, but she was pretty sure that right now she looked like a chicken thief with a hen in each pocket. Boy, those would have to be pretty big pockets. Where would you get a coat like that? Did they make coats just for chicken thieves, or would you have to make one yourself? Okay, stop. Focus, Tangent Girl.

She walked through the door, her expression schooled into what she hoped was a very convincing blend of curiosity, remorse for past misdeeds, and innocence. Actually, she’d settle for mildly convincing, just so long as she didn’t give the game away the moment her friends saw her face.

“Hi, guys.”

Stony silence was the reply she got. Oh great. Weeks without actually doing any magic and she still didn’t get a break, not even from Xander. For a moment, she wondered if it was worth it - all the sacrifice, the effort. Maybe she wouldn’t even bother making Angel’s soul permanent. If this was the way Buffy was going to be...

She shook it off. After all, she had done some pretty bad things and just because Buffy had too, in fact had even run off without a word leaving them all alone to guard the Hellmouth before Willow could even really float a pencil, it didn’t make her own misdeeds okay. Her friends had a right to be upset. Okay, Xander had summoned that singing demon and someone had died but...no. Thinking like that was all wrong. Trying to minimize her magick addiction was one of those things she’d been warned about and it was sure to lead to badness.

Finally, Buffy spoke. “Angel called. He wants you to help him in Los Angeles. They need you to hack into some bad guy’s computer or something. He says he doesn’t think it will take more than a day or two, but he wants you to come as soon as possible” She looked upset, but Willow was pretty sure it was from talking to Angel and not at the thought of Willow being gone for awhile. She felt a pang.

“Yeah, and you’d better not do any magick while you’re there.”

“An...,” Xander halfheartedly admonished his girlfriend.

“What? It’s not like you didn’t want to say the same thing. I don’t see why I’m not allowed to say that after she almost killed Dawn and stole things from my store.” Anya’s expression and emphasis made it clear which she considered the greater offense.

Leave it to Anya to have the right sense of proportion about things. She’d spent centuries killing and torturing and maiming, but she couldn’t forgive Willow for borrowing a few herbs and roots. Once again, Willow started to get distracted by a burgeoning sense of ill treatment and unfairness. And once again, she admonished herself not to be like that. Now was not the time to think about these things. Besides, once she got back from L.A., they would all love her again and everything would be okay. What she was feeling right now would all be moot. Breathe. Focus.

She decided to ignore Anya’s crass remark and addressed Buffy. “I think this will be good. You know, getting away from the Hellmouth for a little while, doing computer-y things, you know, like the old days. I’ll be Willow, the Net Girl again. That’s got to be healthy, right?”

At Willow’s mention of ‘the old days’ Buffy’s eyes got that far-away ‘Angel’ look and Willow was irritated all over again. Everything was all about her; she couldn’t think about Willow for longer than ten seconds without turning things around to be about Buffy again. Okay, maybe, really, this was about Buffy, but Buffy had no way of knowing that and the least she could do was just spare a moment for a tiny bit of thinking and worrying about someone who was supposed to be her best friend.

Reining in her thoughts was getting annoying and difficult, but Willow did it once again. Still, she wondered for a moment why it was so much easier to see her friends’ side of things and to believe that they really cared about her and wanted to forgive her someday when she was alone.

“After all, guys,” she spoke to Xander and Anya this time as Buffy seemed lost in ‘Angel-land,’ “I’ll be busy fighting the forces of evil in cyberspace. What better way to take distract myself from thinking about all the bad stuff I’m not supposed to be doing? I mean they always say that you need to develop new interests and healthy activities when you’re dealing with addiction, right? I think computer do-gooding qualifies, don’t you?”

Xander looked convinced, at least slightly, but he still looked at Willow with suspicion and distrust and it hurt.

“I guess we can count on Deadboy to keep an eye on you for a few days.”

Great. He didn’t trust her, he trusted...Angel? How bad had things gotten between the two of them that he trusted a vampire he’d just as soon stake before his own best friend? The unwelcome realization that Xander hadn’t truly been her best friend in a very long time hit her and she wondered just how many more painful thoughts she was going to have today. Maybe she needed to do that Tabula Rasa spell on herself. No, bad Willow, no - more - spells...well, except for the one she was going to do for Angel. Wait, she meant for Angel and Buffy...right?

Her head was starting to hurt from editing herself. She was starting to think that Xander might have had a point all those years ago about her having too many thoughts.

“So, I guess I need to go home and pack a few things and get the bus schedule, right?”

“No, Anya’s going to drive you and Angel said he’d bring you home.”

“Yes, and I’d better not lose any money because of having to drive you to Los Angeles.”

“An, I said I’d watch the store for you tonight.”

“Anya, I’m sure you won’t lose any money, and I’m sure Willow will be more than happy to pay for gas. We appreciate you doing this. Xander and I will keep an eye on the store. You’ll be back in a few hours and you’ll see: everything will be just fine.” Buffy pacified Anya with a treacly smile.

Great, even in a conversation about her no one could ever stay focused on Willow. Somewhere in her mind, an understanding of just what might have led her down the garden path to dark magick began to coalesce and, once again, it was something Willow knew she wasn’t going to enjoy thinking about.

Why hadn’t she just put down that darn spell book and bought the bass boat guide instead? If she was on a boat right now with a fishing rod in her hand, she wouldn’t be thinking about anything remotely meaningful, let alone having doubts about every single important person in her life. After all, Herbert Hoover loved fishing so much that he had even written a book about it and Willow was pretty sure he’d never thought about anything at all. He may have done a good deal to cause the Great Depression, but he somehow seemed to have been much happier than she was. He had to be on to something.

“I guess I’d better go pack so we can leave right away, huh?”

Everyone suddenly turned towards her as if they’d forgotten she was there. Fishing...think about fishing, Willow.

A grumbling, cranky Anya grabbed her purse and followed her out the door, continuing to grumble as they drove to Buffy’s house and for the few moments she begrudged Willow to pack a few necessities for the trip. Willow had a feeling the grousing wasn’t going to stop the whole way to Los Angeles. Angel and Buffy were so going to owe her when this was done.

Tbc...