Story - Three Months of Foreplay

Written by Blab 
(http://blab.diaryland.com, blab@diaryland.com)

--
Part One

I asked her, "Haven't you teased me enough in the past 3 months?" She just smiled and lead me towards the hotel exit.

Three months on the phone. Three whole months of listening to her voice, aching to touch her while I listened to her touching herself. Tonight, after three months of foreplay, we finally had each other in the flesh... And she wanted dinner first.

The moment I saw her I desired her, from her high heels, up the long lengths of her stockinged legs to the short wool skirt in schoolgirl plaid, past the smooth skin of her bare midrift, over the swelling mounds of her breasts covered only slightly by the second-skin tightness of her top, to the delicate line of her cheek, her eyes, her lips. The taste of our first kiss still lingered on my mouth, and I could still feel the burning trace of her skin under my hands. I wanted her, needed her, but... I could wait. I knew she wanted to tease me a little before I could have her, and I didn't mind. Perhaps I could even turn the tables on her.

She led me to a limousine waiting in front of the hotel, where I held the door as she bent over to climb inside. Her skirt rode up the backs of her legs as she crawled into the car, and I could see the tops of her white stockings and bare thighs above them before she rolled onto the limo's plush leather seats and looked at me with a lustful proposition in her eyes. I was liking this idea more by the minute.

As I settled down next to her she said, "I think I picked a good restaurant. Too bad it's ten long minutes drive from here." She put her hand on my leg, sliding her fingers around to my inner thigh as she continued in a softer voice, "We'll just have to find something to occupy us while we ride."

I leaned in to kiss her again, softly pressing my lips against hers. Her mouth melted under mine, softening and opening to my lips and tongue. My hand cupped her cheek, holding her face as I kissed her, then lifting her chin as I brushed my lips down to her neck. She sighed softly, her hand on my thigh clutching the fabric of my pants as I continued to kiss the soft and sensitive skin of her neck.

She was sitting back in the seat, her breath beginning to get heavy as she submitted to my touch. "You know, I've been waiting a very long time to see your body," I said, sitting back to look at her. I placed a hand on her stomach, my fingers sliding over her bare skin, probing the dimple of her belly-button before hooking under the hem of her tight shirt. "I've decided that I won't wait any longer."

With that I began to slowly pull her shirt up, exposing more of her stomach. She squirmed a little at first, glancing up at the driver's mirror, and then she seemed to relax. She accepted my hands pushing her shirt up, and didn't protest when it rose above her breasts, the hem clinging for a moment to her erect nipples and then clearing them, exposing her braless chest to my gaze. For a moment I drank in the sight of her, sitting back against the limo seat, her arms draped over the back, her naked chest so deliciousy contrasting with the dark leather behind her. I ran my hands over her skin, my fingers tracing her curves, memorizing the topography of her torso. And then I grabbed a handful of her skirt and ordered, "List up your ass for me."

She hesitated. "Don't make me ask you again, gorgeous," I said firmly. She groaned a little and lifted her butt off the seat, letting me pull her schoolgirl's skirt down over her legs. She wore white cotton panties, and my hand was drawn to them. The soft thin fabric felt like delicate gauze, and I could feel the cleft of her sex through it. Lightly I ran my fingertips up and down the crotch of her panties, following the line of her slit. She spread her legs wider, her eyes locked on mine as her expression begged me for more.

Smiling, I withdrew my hands and sat back. "Shouldn't you cover yourself up now? We'll be at the restaurant soon." She pouted, and I grinned at her as I sat back against the seat.

She said, "I think you're trying to get me back for three months of teasing you." Her hand went to the bulge in my pants, her fingers squeezing firmly. "And now I'm so wet from you touching me that I don't want to wait for dinner anymore."

"Ah but you have to wait," I said. "Because here's our restaurant now."

---------------------------------------------
Part Two

At her request the maitre'd led us to a booth in the shadowy corner of the restaurant. Trellises covered with fake grape vines attached to the walls, a candle in an old grappa bottle - ah, italian restaurant, I thought. I wasn't paying much attention to my surroundings because the object of my desire kept pressing her braless chest against my arms and back, and I could feel her hard nipples rubbing against me through our light clothes. We reached our table, and as soon as I sat down next to her she resumed contact, lifting her leg up and over mine behind the tablecloth.

While I was perusing the wine list, she took my hand in hers and calmy quided it down between her legs. Her underwear was drenched now, the soft cotton silky-wet with her juices. My fingertips slid easily over her panties, and I moved them up and down a little. I could feel the swollen folds of her labia, indenting under the softest touch of my finger. When a fingertip slid up along the soft fabric to the tiny bump that I thought might be her clit, she groaned out loud and clutched my arm with her hands.

The waiter came to take our order, interrupting my play. After ordering, my little tease got up to visit the ladies' room, leaving me alone at the table with an ernormous hardon. I watched her as she returned to our table, and at the last moment, when probably nobody else was looking, she lifted the front of her skirt towards me for a split second... And then sat down next to me casually, the model of polite dining. But for that split second, when she flashed me, I could see her bare pussy under the skirt, no more little cotton underwear. And what's more, there was no pubic hair - her pussy was shaved!

Her hand moved to my thigh as we pretended polite conversation. As I answered her questions about sightseeing spots in my city, I could hardly pay attention to anything besides her fingers moving up my thigh, and then over the slacks-covered bulge of my erection. The fingers didn't stop, they slid up to the pants waist and curled over, reaching under my pants. Suddenly I could feel her fingers on the head of my cock, the bare skin of her fingertips against the bare skin of my swollen erection. I just leaned back into my seat and sighed aloud with the exsquisite contact, throbbing under her touch.

I knew she was bare under her skirt, in every possible way, and I couldn't wait to touch her. I put my hand on her thigh, mimicking her approach on me. When my fingers reached the moist cleft between her legs I stopped and stroked her, pushing her oily wetness around the smooth shaved flesh of her sex. She was so soft, hot and slippery that touching her was irresistable, and I lost track of time while my fingers explored her behind the tablecloth.

Her eyes were closed, she had one hand latched onto my shoulder and the other planted firmly on the seat on her other side. The breath moved in and out of her lungs in time with each soft stroke of my fingers. She was unaware of the restaurant and people around her, and I could hear soft whimpers of lust every couple of breaths. I leaned down towards her neck and whispered, "We need to keep you quiet. Do I have to gag you?" Until that moment my fingers had moved only over the outer flesh of her cunt, but as I threatened to gag her I began to push one finger into her tight wet hole. With a shudder she lifted a hand to her chin and put the tips of two fingers into her mouth. Her cheeks indented as she sucked on her fingers, and I wiggled my finger a little as I pushed it deeper inside of her.

Dinner came, and we had to cool it for a while as the waiter hovered near us. After he left she spread her legs and looked at me. I knew she was aching for me to resume touching her, but instead I began to eat. With a pout, so did she.

During dessert she became more bold and unbuttoned my pants, exposing my hard cock to the air. After caressing it for a moment she took her hand away. I groaned as I saw her put her hand down between her own legs. Her fingers squirmed against her folds, and I watched mesmerized as she stroked herself for a couple of minutes. Then, with a sighing breath, she moved her hand back over my lap, where my own hand had found it's way to my hard cock. Her palm hovered until I removed my hand, and then she wrapped her fingers around my shaft. Her hand was wet with her juices, and her fist slid easily up and down my cock a couple times. I couldn't believe how slippery her hand around my cock was!

I left an enormous tip rather than wait for change, and we quickly slipped out of the restaurant and back into the waiting limousine. I couldn't wait for the ride home! After the ride there and the restaurant, I felt sure our tease would continue to get hotter before we finally made it back to the hotel!

-------------------------------------------
Part Three

As the limo pulled into traffic I was whispering in her ear, "God you've got me so turned on, I can't wait to fuck you." I caressed her curves with my hands, carefully tracing the lines of her waist, her breasts, her arms, her neck. I took a breath, sighing as I exhaled. My warm breath fluttered against her ear, and then I continued, "Do you know how much I've wanted to feel your skin under my hands?" I allowed my fingers to delve under her shirt again, slowly sliding up until my fingertips grazed the smooth heavy curves of her breasts.

Pushing her shirt up, I leaned over her to take her nipple into my mouth. I sucked and licked at her breast, devouring what I had been hungry for all through dinner. Her hands clutched at my head, holding my mouth against her as she groaned softly. I reached back to pull the band out of my long hair, freeing it to be entwined and tangled by her fingers.

It was awkward leaning over her sitting beside in the car seat, but the limo had plenty of carpeted floorspace in front of the leather upholstery. I dropped to my knees on the floor and looked at her sitting there. She looked right back into my eyes and in the sluttiest voice she said, "Oh Blab your mouth felt so good on me, please don't stop." I crawled in front of her and knelt between her outstretched legs, bending down to press my face into her cleavage again. Her hands found my head immediately and she pulled my mouth to her nipple, moaning as my lips surrounded it. I licked and suckled, holding one breast up to my mouth with one hand while my other hand fondled her other breast.

After a couple minutes I started moving my mouth and hands down over her soft skin, trailing lower with each kiss. I wanted to taste her so bad I couldn't wait. I pushed her skirt out of the way, bunching it around her waist as I leaned down and kissed the shaved skin just above her mound. Her fingers pulled at my hair, trying to guide my mouth lower. Slowly I moved my lips down, slipping easily over the wetness of her sensitive flesh. I pressed my mouth harder against her as her folds pushed against my tongue, tasting and caressing her pussy. I slowly licked her with long strokes of my tongue, swirling and circling her swollen bare cunt. I sucked on her folds, my lips enveloping her wet flesh, and then I would lick some more, pushing my tongue around and inside. 

Glancing up I saw her eyes riveted to the sight of my head between her legs. Our gazes met as I licked her clitoris. With the soft wet stroke of my tongue across her sensitive clit, her eyes flicked wider. The sensations she felt from my lips and tongue were reflected in her eyes and her mouth - as I sucked on her labia, flicking my tongue against the wet folds caught between my lips, her mouth formed a pout and her eyelids dropped. She was concentrating on the strokes of my tongue, pushing her hips forward towards me, guiding my head with her hands. I could tell she wanted to cum as I pushed my tongue deep inside her, then firmly licked up towards her clit again. Just the thought of her cumming in my mouth inflamed my lust, my hunger for her.

And this time it was the limo driver that knocked us back to reality, loudly telling us that we would be at the hotel in just a few seconds. I ran my tongue up and down her wet pussy one more time and then climbed back into my seat next to her, gently helping her pull her clothes back into place.

-----------------------------------------------------
Part Four

We tumbled as one through the hotel room door, each of us struggling to remove the other's clothing. I barely remembered to kick the door closed behind us as we led each other towards the bed. I stepped out of my pants and underwear as we moved, her hands having succeeded at pushing them down. When she grasped my eager cock in her bare hands the contact overwhelmed my senses. With a growl I pushed her backwards onto the bed.

I rushed to pull at her skirt, yanking it down her legs. A calm seemed to have come over her. Her arms lay back on the bed above her head, and she had an expression of acceptance, almost submission on her face. Her cunt was wet, the juices flowing where I firmly planted my hand. I squeezed her swollen flesh slightly with my fingers, eliciting a husky groan.

Her responses only provoked me more. All our months of teasing, all the interrupted foreplay in the limo and the restaurant, had built up such a passion inside of me. My straining erection in the lead, I launched myself onto her. Her legs yielded quickly when I pushed them wide apart. With my fist I guided my cock hastily to her wet opening, groaning as I felt her hot folds encircle the swollen head.

She screamed, "Oh yes, fuck me!" My hips were already pushing forward. She felt so tight around my cock, gripping my shaft as it sunk inch by inch deeper, until finally I felt her squeezing my entire length. I immediately pulled back and began thrusting into her, hard. She looked up at me with an open pout on her lips, moaning, "Ohh, ohh, ohh" with each thrust. Watching the pleasure in her face just drove me crazier, and I grunted and groaned like and animal as I plunged my cock harder and harder into her.

I grabbed her shoulder with my hand, pulling down as if to slam her harder down onto my cock as I thrust up into her. My fingers clutched tightly, jamming into her flesh as I fucked her. And then I threw my head back as sweeping waves of pleasure radiated through my body, centering around my cock as I exploded inside of her. I yelled out, "I'm coming, oh god!", pushing as deeply as I could inside of her. Her repeated "Ohhs" became a single loud undulating, "OoOOoooOhh" as she came with me, the spasms of her muscles clutching my spurting cock, increasing the incredible sensations that flooded me.

I continued to stroke in and out, revelling in the gradually declining spasms of pleasure that coursed through my cock as her wet cunt milked the last of my cum. I slowed, and then stopped, my energy spent as I lowered my tired body onto the bed beside hers. After a moment she rolled onto her side, throwing her leg over my legs as she traced my chest with her fingers. She leaned to kiss me and whispered, "Wow..." 

I said, "My thoughts exactly."

Her hand moved lower, her fingers stroking down to my half erect cock. With her fingertips she smeared my oozing juices around the softening head. Sparks of exquisite sensation flew through me as her fingers slipped around my cock, which was still extremely sensitive after my recent orgasm. And then she bent over me, lowering her mouth down to my cock. I was still feeling that post orgasm buzz as her lips surrounded me, sucking me gently into her hot mouth.

I put my hand on her head and said, "Oh shit, that feels so good." She sucked harder, bobbing her head as her lips travelled up and down my shaft. I was already stiffening again, feeling the wet suction of her mouth drawing life back into my cock. When she was satisfied that I had recovered my erection, she climbed to her knees and straddled me. She reached down and wrapped her fingers around my cock, holding it straight as she lowered herself down over it. She was drenched with her juices and my cum, and she felt so hot and wet as she settled easily down onto my hard cock that I had to groan aloud. Planting her hands on my chest, she steadied herself as she began moving her hips, fucking me.

We were slower this time. She set the pace, fucking my cock with long strokes. I held her hips and pushed up, moving with her, but letting her control it. I explored her ass with my hands, stroking along between her cheeks with my fingertips. She began to really grind down against me with each deep thrust, pushing her clit down against my pubic bone before lifting up for another stroke. 

Her rhythm became faster, her hips tilting and bucking against me as she fucked me harder. I grabbed at her waist again, holding tightly as I thrust up into her. She said, "Oh yes, I'm going to cum again, oh now yes..." I slid in and out of her with long strokes, guiding her up and down on me with my hands on her waist as she began to cum. Her pussy squeezed and released me with her spasms, bringing my own second orgasm quickly out of me. I called out, "Oooh god..." and came, shooting up inside of her as we moved together.

