Surprise Vacation
by N1ckDan9er

Surprise Vacation Ch. 05

Wife likes being naughty in front of a camera with a friend.

I woke to the sounds of the gentle waves crashing on the beach, some children playing in the distance, and a few birds chirping nearby in the trees. Slowly I open my eyes to the sight of Tim sitting naked in the lounge chair on the deck. I slowly got up, look for a towel to cover myself. Not seeing one, I decided not to worry about it and walked out to sit next to my husband. "Are you going to make it a habit to run around naked all the time?" I asked.

"Most likely, I see you enjoying the feeling too, honey."

"Yes, I love the feeling of freedom. So what's on today's agenda?"

"Well, Isabel told me about this secluded beach not too far away. Only a few of the locals go to, and the tourists don't know about it. I thought we could enjoy a day by ourselves."

"That sounds great; which bathing suit would you like me to wear?"

"Well, since I've only packed you three, and you've already worn two. I think we just won't worry about bathing suits today and save the last one for tomorrow.

"You sure can be predictable at times. Ok, I guess I'll just grab a blouse and a skirt." We grabbed some towels, masks and snorkels, and cameras. Then, we headed off for the beach, stopping at a local shop for some water and breakfast.

"How far is the beach?"

"Isabel told me it was 5 to 6 miles away."

"That's too far for me to walk in these sandals."

"I know, that's why she said you have to take the local bus and get off at the fourth stop. It's supposed to have a big rock." We walked to the bus stop, got on the bus. There were lots of the locals, their children, and a few chickens. The bus was hot, and it stunk of animals. Luckily it was only a short ride. The bus stopped at what we hoped was our stop.

Tim, pointing, "I think that is the big rock Isabel mentioned." We were the only ones to get off.

"I hope your right. There is nothing else around here." I said as the bus sped off. " Where do we go now?"

"Isabel said that we need to walk back the way we came about a hundred feet or so. There should be a little path off to the side marked by a piece of fabric."

We walked back towards the town and came across a yellow G-string hanging off a branch. Behind it was a small path leading towards the beach.

"That's an interesting way to identify the path."

"I know, but when in Rome, do as the Romans do."

The path was narrow, with thick brush on both sides. There was just enough room to get thru. The path opened up to a beautiful secluded cove with emerald green water glistening in the sunlight and soft sand. The rock formations made it impossible for the average beachgoer to walk around them on both ends.

"Tim, this is so beautiful. No one else is here. I hope we can have this to ourselves."

"It sure is." Tim turned to the left, walking down towards the rocks. Before we got to them, he stopped.

"Here, we are far enough away from the path, so if anyone else comes, we won't be the first thing they see." We spread out the towels, Tim strip down naked, I followed and took off all my clothes.

"The water is so beautiful. I'm going swimming," I said.

"I'm going to join you," he said. We ran into the water like children, playing and splashing each other. The water was cool and refreshing. We swam around for a little while.

"I'm going to go get my mask and snorkel. Do you want yours?" Tim asked.

"Sure, that sounds like a great idea."

"I'm also going to get my underwater camera so that I can take pictures of the fish and coral."

"Ok." He went back to the towels for the stuff, returned handing me my mask. We put them on and started snorkeling around the rocks, looking at all the beautiful tropical fish and the brilliant colored corals. Tim would dive down with his camera, take pictures, then come back to the surface.

"I'm getting some good pictures of the fish," he said.

Every so often, he would take a picture of me when he thought I wasn't looking. In the past, I have allowed him to take nude photos of myself, but sometimes he wanted me to pose in positions that exposed more than I wanted to. But today, I was feeling frisky and figured I would let him have his fun. So when he thought I wasn't looking, I spread my legs to expose my labia for his picture. A couple of times, I spread my lips too.

We had been swimming for a while, and I was becoming waterlogged. "I'm going back to dry off and soak up some sun."

"I'll be up there in a few seconds." He said

Getting out of the water, I noticed that there was still nobody else on the beach. I sat on the towel and thought to myself, what a beautiful, picture Est spot we had found. Finally, Tim came out of the water and sat next to me. He was looking at the pictures he had taken of the sea life. "Can I see them?"

"Sure." He leaned over to show me the screen. There were some fish, a tiny horseshoe crab, and a little seahorse. The following picture was of me. It was taken from below. The light shimmered through the water and fell on my body. My hair was flowing freely. It looked so natural.

"This picture is so beautiful; we should take more like that. I like the way they make me look." But not right now, in a little while after I get some sun."

I'd be more than willing to do that for you, honey." He said with a smile on his face.

We laid on the towels soaking up the warm tropical sun, listening to the gentle waves lapping on the beach. It was almost hypnotic, creating a trance. I think I might have even dozed off for a few minutes.

"I'm getting hot. I'm going back to do some more snorkeling with the camera." Tim said.

"I'm hot too. This would be a good time for you to take some pictures." We grabbed the masks and waited back in the water. Snorkeling, Tim took some pictures of me on the surface and from underneath. I would take short dives where he could take photos from all angles.

Out of the corner of my eye, I noticed that there was another person snorkeling. As they got closer, I could make out it was a female, also nude, a bit familiar. She swam towards us, finally getting close enough that I recognized her. It was Isabel. Poking my head out of the water, I looked over to her; she pulled the snorkel out of her mouth, "Hello, I thought I recognized you from last night. Do you mind if I join you?"

"No, not at all," Tim said. "Kim and I are just taking some pictures."

"Would you mind taking some of me? I don't have any of me in the water."

"Sure, not a problem." Tim would switch between taking some pictures of me then some of Isabel

"My skin is getting wrinkly. I'm getting out of the water."

"Ok, I'm getting out too," Tim said.

"I'm getting out too," said Isabel. We got out of the water, walk to the towels, and dried off. After sitting down, Tim started looking through the pictures. "Let me see," I asked as I moved closer.

"Can I see too?" Isabel asked. We started scrolling through the photos

"That's a good one, Tim." It was a picture of myself, taken from underneath. I was floating, arms and legs stretched out in a relaxed open position. The sunlight was shining directly between my legs, illuminating my labia. The next one was a close-up. I was floating on my back. The lower part of my face and breasts were the only things above the water. With the sun behind me, the light reflected across my wet skin, highlighting my erect nipples.

Next was one of Isabel. Tim had caught her as she was swimming. Her body turned to the camera, her left arm stretched forward, her right arm against her side. Her left leg was in a downward motion while her right was upwards. This position exposed both her breasts and labia to the camera. There were some more photographs equally as good.

"These are perfect," Isabel said.

"They sure are. Why don't you use the other camera and take some more pictures of us on the beach?" I asked. "How about it, Isabel? Are you up for that?"

"Sure, are you Ok with it, Tim?"

"If you want me to take more pictures, you both have to listen to me and do as I say, no discussions. Ok?" We both agreed. Tim picked up the DSL camera. "Ok, let me think a second," looking around. "I think we will start over there," Tim said, singling to the closest rocks. "That would be a perfect place. The lighting is just right." We gathered a few things and went over to the rocks

He instructed me to lay back on a large rock with my legs close together for the first photos, arms stretched out, and head pointing upwards.

"Perfect." Click, click, click, went the camera. "Now, I want you to spread your legs a little bit." I opened my legs, so my knees were about 5 inches apart. "That's perfect." He knelt at my feet with the camera pointing upward. In this position, my stomach was flat, and my tits pointed up. "Hold that position." I began to feel a stirring sensation forming between my legs.

He moved around to my side, taking pictures as he moved. Next, he had me leaning face down on the rock, arms stretch out, legs wide. I felt a breeze gently crossing over my labia. I saw Isabel behind Tim. I was sure that they were looking straight between my legs at my pussy.

The thought of them looking at my swollen pussy on display, lips slightly parted, ass cheeks spread wide, was getting me so horny. I thought to myself, what would make this better? I relaxed my keto muscles, and my labia lips opened to allow them a view inside my pussy. I felt a few drops leaking out and running down my legs. "Great. Hold that." Tim clicked off a few more pictures. "Ok, Isabel, I want you to lay next to Kim in the same pose, but turn your head toward Kim. She did as Tim told her. Looking at her, I could see what I must look like. Her tits and pussy were pressed against the rock, and tits squeezed out the sides. I wondered if she felt the heat of the sunbaked rock on her swollen pussy as I did. If a few droplets were seeping from her slit. If they were running down her inner thigh like mine was. I looked into her eyes and saw the answer. She had a far-off look, and her eyes were glazed.

Tim called out, "Next position." I came back to reality. "I want both of you to sit cross-legged facing each other on that big rock." We did as he asked. Sitting there, I looked at Isabel's pussy splade open, and her juices were glistening from the sun shining on her. I looked up to her face only to see she was looking down between my legs as I was hers. Looking down, I saw my pussy splade out, juices running between my legs. "Next, I want you to move your hands down, putting them on your thighs, lay them flat, fingers outstretched. Perfect." I was so aroused; all I wanted to do was to rub my pussy, but I refrained, thinking it would be too bold in front of Isabel.

"Perfect," Tim said. I was so in my own world thinking about being naked on a secluded beach, exposed to anyone that came by, with a naked dark-skinned woman next to me. Maybe having sex with her. I didn't hear the sounds of the camera until Tim told us to stretch out our legs wide apart and lean back, using our arms to prop ourselves up, and to lean our heads back to look up to the sky.

"I want you both to get in the water waist-deep, facing each other. "

I hope the coolest of the water would help subside my urges, but it didn't. The lust deep inside me could not be turned off by the water.

"Put your arms around each other and pull each other in tight." We got into position, "no, no, no. You have to get tighter. He came up and pushed us so that our nipples and breasts were squeezed tight.

"Now look deeply into each other's eyes." I was so horny, I would have fucked Isabel right there, but I resisted the lust I was feeling.

"Come on, Kim, I want you to look into Isabel's eyes like a lover. Do you understand?" I nodded and did as he wanted. He took a few more pictures. Looking into Isabel's eyes, I saw her lust. Tim turn away to adjust the camera. Then I felt her squeeze my ass.

I slipped a hand between her legs and found her swollen pussy waiting for attention. Her legs parted to grant me better access. As my first finger penetrated her outer lips, she let a soft moan escape from her mouth. She reciprocated by pushing a forefinger into my throbbing cunt and her thumb into my rectum. Then she proceeded to rotate them in unison. Not to be outdone, I inserted 2 more fingers deep inside of her. Tim, still adjusting the camera, was oblivious of what we were doing.

Close to cumming, I no longer cared about the photos. I wanted to give her a big passionate kiss and fuck her.

"Ok, let's take a minute," Tim said. Tim's voice and the coolness of the water brought me back to reality. I withdrew my fingers from Isabel and released my hold on her. My legs felt weak, so I rested for a moment. Feeling more come posed, I slowly walked out of the water. Isabel wasn't moving any faster. As Tim was walking around looking for his next photo spot.

"Are you alright, Isabel asked me.

"I thought I was about to cum."

"Me too. I'm glad he stopped for a rest. Do you think he knew what we were doing?"

"I am sure he did and probably took pictures of it." Isabel had a look of shock on her face.

"He wouldn't. Would he?"

"I would bet on it."

"Ok, I found the next spot for the pose," Tim said as he walked over to a fallen dead tree. The tree was crotch-high. Most of the branches were gone, and in their place were small nubs.

"I want you both to straddle the tree, Isabel facing towards me, and Kim behind her." I looked over to the tree, and all the bark had fallen off, leaving smooth wood. There were 2 spots where branches had been, but they have fallen off years ago, leaving 2 smooth 1 1/2 inch nubs. Thinking to myself, they look like fat tiny dick's. Hopefully they may help relieve my sexual tension.

Isabel was first. She straddled it, sitting between the nubs. I sat behind her. My pussy was pressed against the hard, smooth wood. But I was not close enough to make contact with the nub. "Isabel, I want you to move forward." Tim said. She inched up a little, still not enough for me to reach the nub. "Further," Tim said. She inched further until her pussy was almost against the first nub. "Come on, Kim, tight behind her." I scooted up behind Isabel as tight as I could, trying to get the fat tiny wood dick in my pussy.

I was frustrated that I was so close. I wrapped my arms around Isabel as Tim wanted, held her tight, and in one quick movement, I lifted her a little and moved forward, setting her down on the one wooden dick and me on the other.

"Oh, Yes." Escaped from my lips

I heard Isabel gasp, "Ah." I started a subtle rocking motion that moved both of us over the nubs. Isabel's breathing became quick and short.

"Hold on a minute," Tim said as he walked away. I took the opportunity to reach around and spread her pussy lips. The nub entered her and pressed against her clitoris. Another gasp escaped from Isabel. She lowered her hand to hide the nub that was now inside her. I leaned back on the other nub spreading my lips to let it in. I pushed her forward to make sure the nub was pressed hard against her clitoris. I started the rocking motion again. Feeling the hardwood against my clit was fantastic. Isabel's moans there very soft, I could hardly hear them, but I was sure she was enjoying the moment.

Tim returned to see Isabel had placed one hand over her pussy. He didn't notice she was also panting from the nub pressing on her clit and me pushing her against it. "That's great, Isabel. Keep your hand there and put your other across your stomach. Now, Kim, I want you to cup Isabel's breasts. Great, now hold that pose." I had her breast in each hand, squeezing them and pinching her nipples. I kept rocking ever so gently back and forth. Tim moved around us, taking more photos. I felt Isabel's breathing becoming even quicker and shorter. As her breathing increased, so did mine. I heard her take three short breaths followed by a long exhale. Then her body became limp.

I knew she had just cum. I was close to cumming myself when Tim said, "The last pose, Isabel, I want you to turn and face Kim." Slowly she lifted herself off the wooden dick, swinging her leg over the tree. As she did, I saw the area around her new friend was covered with her cum.

Standing next to me. I looked at her face to see an expression of fulfillment, lust, mixed with embarrassment. "Did you cum?" I whispered. She nodded her head yes. "Please don't be embarrassed, enjoy it." I spread my pussy lips so she could see my clit, and how wet the wood was. She smiled. "Now let's have some fun," signaling her to sit back on her wooden lover.

She swung her leg over the tree, hesitating in mid-air so Tim could get a clear view of her swollen pussy. "Hold that pose," Tim clicked off a few photos. Then, sitting back on the nub, she made sure to spread her lips wide open to let the tiny wooden dick get as deep as it could go. "Oh, that feels good," she said.

I placed a hand on one of her tits and squeezed it. Moving to her nipple, I put it between my forefinger and thumb and rolled back and forth. Isabel reached forward and pressed her thumb against my clitoris, slowly rubbed it in a circular motion. I was on the brink of an orgasm when Tim placed a hand on my ass and started to massage my rectum. With the other hand, he pushed me forward into Isabel's breasts. Causing the wooden dick to go deeper, and pressing it harder against my already aching clit. I could no longer hold back the orgasm I had been waiting for all day. I felt it deep inside me moving to my clit. Just as the orgasms hit me, Tim pushed a finger deep in my ass. Screaming OH, MY," I squirted all over the wooden pleasure knob. I slumped into Isabel's soft, warm breast; my heart was racing, trying to catch my breath. Tim push a second figure deeper into my anus, fucking my ass with his hand; I came again. Finally, he removed his fingers, and I slowly came back to reality.

Tim looked over at me, "Wow, that looked intense?"

"uh, hah," was all I could get out my mouth.

"I got the whole thing on video," he said. It didn't register in my mind what he just said. I was still in euphoria from the orgasm.

Slowly I got off my wooden dildo, almost falling to the ground. I went back to the towels flopped down on one. "I need to rest." I rolled over on my back, closed my eyes for a few minutes.

Kim, Kim, Kim, sleepily, I opened my eyes, "We need to get going to catch the last bus back to town."

"Did I fall asleep? "

"Yes." "How long?"

"45 minutes."

"Where is Isabel?"

"She had to get back to go to work."

"Oh, I am still a little out of it."

"That's ok, but we need to get going."

"Ok, ok, I'm moving." I stood up and looked around. There were 3 other couples on the beach.

"Are you going to put your clothes on?"

"Not till I have to." We gathered our stuff and started to walk along the beach. We walked in front of the first couple. They were about our age, both nude. He was lying on his front, eyes closed. She was in a beach chair, legs propped high, watching us. We were almost to her where she was, when she looked at us, and opened her legs wider. Reaching down she spread her lips so we could see. My eye caught a reflection from under her pussy. I looked again, wondering what it was. She saw me staring, smiling she turned over into a kneeling position. Ass high, I noticed she had a jeweled butt plug deep in her ass.

Tim tugged on my arm. "Sexy, isn't it?"

"Do you think so?"

"Yes."

"Would you like me to use one?"

"I can't lie; I would love it if you did. But if you are uncomfortable, I wouldn't make you."

I didn't say anything, just kept walking.

We came up to the second couple; they were maybe late 20's. He was on his back, bathing suit around his feet. She was sitting on with cock, reverse cowgirl. Her top was around her neck, and her bottoms pulled to the side. She was bouncing up and down with reckless abandonment on his rigid shaft. He had both her firm tits in his hands and squeezing them hard. She was screaming something in another language that I didn't understand. We stopped for a minute or two to watch him fucking her, or was it her fucking herself, just using his cock to do it.

We continued on; the last couple were in their late 60's. He was sitting in a beach chair, legs wide. She was between his legs, sucking his cock. He was overweight, balding with a big belly. What I could see of her from behind, she was a little overweight big sagging tits, thick and fat labia lips. When we got close, the man waved us over to get a better look. I was intrigued to see two older people having sex, so I walked up to them. The woman seemed to be gagging on his cock. He had both hands around her head, pushing her further down his shaft. Finally, he let her up for air. She let his cock fall free.

I gasped. "Oh, My God, that thing is huge." It was 12 inches long and the size of a coke can. I have never seen a cock that big in real life. I thought all the big cocks in the porn pictures were photoshopped.

The woman looked over to us, "He may be an old asshole, but he does have a hell of a cock. Do you want to see something really wild?" Without waiting for an answer, she got up, turned around, and sat down on his cock to his balls.

"Holy shit," I said.

"That right, honey, you want to try?"

"That thing would split me open."

"It took me 3 years to take the whole thing, but now I can do it without a sweat."

Tim nudge me, "We need to get to the bus stop." It was hard to break my stare from the sight of that huge cock spreading her pussy wider than I had ever seen but, I knew we had to get to the last bus.

We continued walking to the road. "That guy has the biggest cock I have ever seen."

"It sure was. I bet you'd love me to have a cock like that."

"Absolutely not. That thing is a monster. It would split me in two. It hurts my pussy looking at it. I'm happy with the one you have."

"that's good because I sure can't trade it in on a new one." We came up to the road.

"Do you think it's about time to get the clothes on/"

"There's nobody on the road, so not just yet."

"You like to push it, don't you?"

"You know I do." I start walking towards the bus stop, a car to pass by. "I guess I better put them on. I don't think they let me on the bus naked." I wiggled into my shorts, slipped the blouse on. "Is that is that better."

"Yes"

Just then, the bus drove up. We got back to the resort and were walking through the lobbying.

"Tim, Kim." we heard a familiar voice, turned around to see Carrie and Herb walking towards us.

"Hello, we haven't seen you for a couple of days; what's up?"

"Well, we've been to the waterfall, found a secluded little beach, spent all day nude, did an erotic photo session, and seen the biggest cock ever. So what's up with you too?"

"I got a new suite," Carrie said as she spun around, revealing her suit. It was a sheer white one-piece, deep V, exposing most of her breast. Hips cut extremely high, showing off her thighs, ass, and most of her pubic area. However, there was just enough fabric to cover some of her pubic mound.

"The whole thing disappears when it's wet," Herb said.

"Let's have a drink and catch up," Kerry said as she took my arm and headed for the poolside bar.

As we walked to the bar, Kerry leaned over and whispered, "Now tell me about this huge cock."


Surprise Vacation Ch. 06

Wife Helps out a friend fullfill her desire.

Kerry and I sat down at the table next to the pool. Tim and Herb went in the water.

"So tell me about the guy with the big dick?" Kerry asked.

Well, the beach we went to there was this older man and woman, he wasn't much to look at, she was OK. But he did have a massive dick."

"How big was it?"

"It looked to be 10- inches long and 2- inches thick."

"Wow, I wish herb had a big dick."

"I'm happy with Tim's; it fits me just right. Besides, that's guys cock looked like it would tear me in half."

"Oh, you don't know what it's like to have a big dick."

"And you do?'

"Yes, I do!"

I leaned in close so no one could hear, "Have you slept with a guy that had a big dick?"

"I don't tell many people this; years ago, Herb's and mine relationship was not good. We both had changed and had issues with each other. I thought about divorce; I loved Herb, but he could irritate me, and I thought it might be better to live alone.

During that time, I had the opportunity to attend an out-of-town business conference. I figured it would give us time apart to think about our marriage and if it was worth saving.

While I was at the conference, I met a man, late 30's nicely dressed but average in looks and build. Not knowing anyone and being lonely, I started talking to him. We talk for a while, and he took me out for dinner, and we continued our conversation.

I'm not sure if it was the wine, but the conversation turned to sex, and that size really does matter. I thought I was perfectly happy with the size of Herb's dick. But he told me I hadn't really been fulfilled till I had been stuffed with a big cock. I argued with him that I didn't need anything that big. He continued telling me that he has changed many women's minds. Finally, he said he could prove it to me; I asked how? He answered, If I had sex with him once, I would never forget it.

I'm sure the wine influenced my decision, but I was intrigued, so I ask how big his dick was? He told me it was 10 inches long and about the size of a Coke can. I didn't believe him, so he reached over, taking my hand and placing it on his lap. I felt something big, soft, and long. For a brief second, I thought it was a third leg.

"So does that convince you!" he said. Although I still had my doubts, I said, "No! That could have had a rolled-up towel, and you just used the big dick ploy to get women to sleep with you."

He looked around to make sure no one could see; he then undid his zipper, reach in, and pulled out the head of his cock. "Now, do you believe me!"

I only saw it for an instant, but the head was about 1-1/2 inches round and long. Still not 100% sure it wasn't fake, "I had to see the whole thing to make sure it's not fake."

"OK, let's go outside, and you can see for yourself."

We finished dinner and went outside. In the parking lot, we found a dark spot between two cars. He pulled down his pants and underwear to reveal the massive thing. Even soft, it had to be 8 inches long. My eyes must have bulged out at the sight of his monster. I have never seen a man's cock that big except for in porn magazines, and I believe they had been photoshopped. I must have stared at it for minutes, still not believing a man could have such a monster size cock.

I became mesmerized, then a wave of lust overwhelmed my body; I had to have his huge cock. My mind told me this was wrong, but my body scream, do it, fuck that beast. No longer having the ability to control my sexual desires. My body took over; I was an animal in heat with only satisfaction on my mind.

I knelt down, looked it straight in the eye as it swaying back and forth; it put me in a trance. Telling me, I had to have it. Without hesitation, I wrapped both my hands around it and tried to shove as much as I could in my mouth. I only managed to get a few inches in before he became hard, filling my mouth and stretching my jaw. I had to pull it out; otherwise, I would have choked. He told me in a sympathetic voice that he had only met a few women that we're able to give them a blowjob when it was fully erection. None of them got more than haft in their mouths.

At full erection, it was 10 inches long and as thick as my wrist, like he said. I stood up, turn around lifted my dress to my waist, giving him access to my hot wet pussy. It wasn't the most romantic thing, but romance had nothing to do with what I wanted. He got behind me, pulled my panties aside, and put the head of his monster to my already wet pussy. He applied steady pressure. Finally, my lips parted, letting him enter me.

Because of its width, I couldn't take but a few inches. He sensed my discomfort and stopped, letting me get a custom to the size. After a moment, he asked if I was ready for more. Determined to take as much as I could, I nodded my head, yes, allowing him to push further. He managed to get a few more inches in before the pain was too great, and I motioned him to stop again. He was kind and considerate, caressing my back, telling me to relax and enjoy it, which I was trying to do. He asked if I was OK, again, I nodded.

Way in the back of my mind, there was a little voice trying to convince me this was wrong. But a much louder voice drowned out the other voice and told me that I deserved to be fulfilled.

He pulled his massive cock out till only the head was inside, then slowly pushed it back in, this time a little deeper. I felt pain, but the pleasure overcame it. He pulled back out again then pushed back deeper. He continued pumping me, each time deeper, the pain had left, and the pleasure-filled my body. After about 10 or 12 strokes, I felt his balls against my ass and the head pushing against my cervix. He fucked me for what seemed an eternity. Not sure I must have come 3 or 4 times. Finally, he blew his load deep inside of my womb. I've never felt so much pleasure before and knew I would have to have a huge dick to fulfill me.

When he finished, I could barely stand, being fucked, so hardy spreading me open so wide. He helped me off the car, "Are you convinced size matters."

"Oh, my God, I never knew."

We straighten out our clothes, and he helped me back to our table at the conference. I sat there feeling his cum leaking out of my gaping open pussy. After that night, I never saw him again. I don't even remember his name, but I do remember the size of his dick. For the next 2 days, my pussy was so sore that I walked funny with a big smile on my face.

When I got back from the conference, Herb and I talked, even though my desire for a huge cock was still on my mind, and Herb would never be able to fulfill me. I still love him, and we could work something out. We agree that our relationship was more important than our petty differences and needed to make amends. We made love that night but being still stretched out from the massive fucking I had gotten. I didn't get much pleasure. I think Herb even noticed something was different.

Our life returned to normal, but after 3 years of not being satisfied with Herb's dick, I finally had to tell him about the affair. You can't even call it an affair; it was hardly even a one-night stand. At first, he was upset, then he became understanding and forgave me. The next day he started asking questions; he was interested and wanted to know more. Like, how much bigger was he than him. Did it feel different than his and some other questions? Finally coming out and saying that he'd like to be there and watch somebody fuck his wife if it ever happened again. But the opportunity has never arisen.

Kerry's enthusiasm was incredible; all she thought about was seeing and possibly meeting this guy. She started asking questions. Then she began to babble on, "Do you think that guy goes to the beach a lot? I'd sure like to see how big he is. What are your plans for tomorrow? Would you and Tim go to that beach tomorrow with us? You've got me curious, plus it sounds like a nice Beach," Kerry asked.

"I don't know possibly, Tim hasn't said anything yet,"

"Would you ask him? and let me know.

"I will."

Just then, Tim and Herb walked up from the pool. "How is the water?" Kerry asked Herb

"Perfect, he replied.

"Kim was telling me about the beach they went to today, how beautiful the water was, about the massive rocks and how secluded it is. She thought I, au, we would like to see the big rocks,"

Teasingly I said, "Yes, there is one particular massive rock I am sure Kerry would Love, I mean like.

"Oh, what about it?" Herb asked.

"I will tell you more about it when we are back in the room," Kerry said.

Tim told me about the restaurant you went to last night and how good the food was. So I thought we would take you two for dinner, Herb said.

Sounds like a great idea, Kerry said.

"Well, it's getting late; I think we should all go back and get ready for dinner," I said. Everyone agreed.

"We will meet at the lobby at 6:30," Kerry said.

In the room, Kerry asked me if we would take them back to the beach we were at today. She has a fascination with big cocks, and she hopes to see that guy's dick. Not that I want to." I said.

"I'm curious, if he is there, what do you think Kerry has planned? Plus, if you want, we could even do another photo session, not with Herb or Kerry, but by ourselves." Tim said.

"That would be nice. Well, the only thing I have left to wear is this short skirt and one of these blouses."

"You pick them out."

Keeping in the spirit, I picked out the shortest skirt I had with the open lace blouse. It was meant to go over a camisole or something, but I chose not to wear anything under it. Next, I went into the bathroom to fixed my hair and put on some lipstick. Finally putting on my clothes, I came out to show Tim. "Wow, you are so sexy and hot."

I looked at myself in the mirror, my nipples were poking through the holes in the lace, and the skirt was so short it barely covered my ass. The thought of bending over in public, allowing people could see my pussy excited me. Tim stepped behind me, put his arms around my waist, and softly said, "If we don't leave now to meet Kerry and Herb, I well have to fuck you right here. Still looking at the mirror, reaching back and grabbing his crotch. "I'd let you."

Clearing his voice, Tim said, "We better get going."

We walked into the lobby and saw Claire and Herb across the room. She was wearing a simple sheer white dress that went down to her mid-thigh. I can make out the dark areolas of her breasts and the shape of her pussy through the material. The dress was meant to have a liner under it, but Kerry must have removed it. Herb was wearing a simple dress shirt and loose-fitting shorts.

"Can you make out what's underneath my dress?" Kerry asked

"Yes," I said.

"Great, that's what I wanted. I'm so excited wearing this; my pussy is tingling. You look hot too; I can see your nipples poking through the lace," Kerry said.

Looking down, I noticed my nipples had gotten harder and stuck out of the material quite a bit. 'Thank you, I said.

'Well, Herb, wouldn't you say we have two of the hottest sexiest babes in town?"

"We sure do; I think we should go eat before we get distracted and forget about dinner."

"You're right; let's go." So we walked over to the café. I saw Isabel waiting at a table. She was finishing up with her customers. She saw us, gave us a wave, then came over.

"Where would you like to sit? I recommend a table outside." Isabel said.

We sat down in a dark corner; Tim ordered, "We'll start with Margaritas all around and four specials. We all talked about our vacation and how much fun we've been having, and that it was coming to an end soon. Kerry said she was looking forward to tomorrow and the beach and the massive rocks. We all broke out laughing. The drinks came, and the conversation continued about having to go back to reality.

Isabel brought out our plates, putting them down in front of us. She pulled up a chair next to the table, "The restaurant is empty so that I can sit with you," she started talking about the photos we had taken earlier and all the different poses Tim had us do. She especially likes the one on the limb.

"That sounds like such an erotic photoshoot. I wish I were there," Claire said.

"Well, we're going back to the same beach tomorrow, I'll bring my cameras, and maybe we can do one with you in it," Tim said.

"So you're taking us to the beach tomorrow?" Clara said excitedly.

"Yes, we are; we want to see what happens if the guy with the big cock shows up. Oops, did I let the cat out of the bag?" I said.

"No, I already told Herb about the possibility of his/our fantasy coming true."

"What's this all about," Isabel asked.

"Oh, Tim and I saw this guy with a massive cock at the beach, and Kerry has a fantasy of fucking a man with that size cock."

"Oh, you must be talking about Jake," Isabel said.

"You know this guy?" Kerry asked

"Well, let's just say I've enjoyed his company once.

"How was it? Kerry asked.

"It was big."

"Did you cum? I said."

"Oh, I don't remember how many times, but I will never do that again."

"Why," Asked Kerry.

"Well, it took 10 stitches and 3 months for me to heal. I'm still tender where the stitches were."

"It is that big?" Kerry asked.

"Believe me. It's big!" Isabel said.

You should come to the beach with us," Tim said.

"I'm sorry I can't; I have other obligations," Isabela said.

I noticed Kerry was becoming fidgety; her nipples were erect. I also noticed she was only eating with one hand, and the other was under the table. I was curious; I leaned over, her dress was pulled up, her legs open, and her fingers working her clit. I whispered in her ear, "Thinking about tomorrow?"

She smiled at me, "I can't help it." I smiled back, sat back, and continued dinner. The guys were talking about what guys talk about; a few minutes later, we heard a little moan, looking over to Kerry, her eyes closed and her mouth partly open. We all looked at her. Finally, she opened her eyes and saw us staring at her, "What? Why are you guys looking at me? We all broke out in laughter. Then we finished our dinner.

As we paid for the meal, Kerry asked, "Do you want to go dancing?" She had heard about a local dance club around the corner.

"Sure," Herb said.

"Count me in," I said.

"Might as well, Tim said.

We walked down the street to the tiny dance club. Inside, there was a dance floor in the center, with tables around and a bar on one end. The dance floor was well-lit, but the rest of the club was dim. The place was pretty busy with locals and tourists ranging from the early 20s to late 60s. We found a booth; Kerry and I sat on one side and Herb and Tim on the other. The waitress came over; she was in her late twenties, about a hundred and ten pounds. Her large breasts were almost spilling out. The blouse was so tight her pierce nipples were clearly visible and poking out like pencil erasers. Her shorts were so small they didn't cover her ass cheeks and was pulled up between her pussy lips, showing her camel-toe.

In broken English, she told us her name was Carmela, as she looked around the table, stopping at me. She then stared down at my tits; she asked what everybody would like to drink. We finished our order, but she still stared at my chest. Finally, I looked up at her heaving breasts. I reached out and cupped one. Startled, she finally broke her stare and went to get us our drinks.

"Wow, Kim's got a new girlfriend," Kerry pronounced.

"Oh, she's way too young for me," I said laughingly.

"Well, I came here to dance, Herb. Let's dance." Kerry said

"I haven't had my first drink, and it's kind of early; I need a few more drinks before I dance."

"Well, how about you, Tim?"

"I'm with Herb."

"OK, Kim, it's you and me." We both got up and went on to the dance floor. We began dancing, Kerry started to spin around; as she did, her dress flared out, exposing her bare ass and shaven pussy. This got the attention of a lot of men and a few women. After half a dozen songs, we came back and sat down. The drinks were flowing, and Carmela made sure to keep mine full.

She brought the next round, handed them to everybody. As she handed me mine, it slipped and spilled on my lap. "I am so sorry, here let me help you." Using a rag, she began to wipe the drink off my lap. Before I knew it, she had her hand under my skirt, two fingers up my slit, and her thumb was rubbing my clit. I wasn't sure if I wanted her to stop, but I felt this would be too much exposure. Reluctantly I pull her hand from my crotch. I kissed her on the cheek and thanked her for her help.

By now, I felt no pain, was horny, and wanting to dance some more. Looking at Tim, I asked, "Have you had enough to drink and ready to dance?"

"Sure am." He led me onto the dance floor, and we dance to a few songs. Then, a song that neither of us liked began to play, so we sat back down. A few songs later, a good-looking young Latin man walked up to the table, looking at me, "Would you like to dance?"

"I need to ask my husband first." I looked over to Tim; he nodded his approval. Then the young man took my hand and led me to the dance floor. We began to dance, he was excellent, and I enjoyed dancing with him. He was nice and polite. The song ended, and a slow dance started. He reached out, taking my hand in his, putting his other hand around my waist, and pulled me in tight. My tits pressed against his chest, we danced, his hand around my waist slipped down to my ass. He started to grope one cheek then the other, at first I enjoyed it. Then he began to pull the skirt up, exposing my ass, then his hand traveled to my crotch. I didn't mind him exposing my ass, but I wasn't going to have sex with him. I began to struggle to get loose, but he just held me tighter. Finally, he leaned over and tried to kiss me, but I turned my face away.

"May I cut in," Tim asked. The man stopped, looked at Tim, and ignored him, not letting me go. Then he caught sight of the bouncer heading our way. The bouncer had been watching us and wanted to make sure there was no trouble. The young man let go of me and returned to his table, picked up his things, and then left. The bouncer asked if we were OK? Tim replied, Yes, everything is fine." The bouncer then told us that they had had problems with that guy in the past, and he had been accused of rape, but the woman was a tourist and couldn't stay for the court.

Tim took hold of my hand, put his arm around me, and held me tight. I whispered in his ear, "Thank you. He was getting too aggressive. They can look, but they can't touch. That's only for you.

"I think it's time for us to go," Tim said.

"You're right. It's late." We went back to the table to say our goodbyes to Kerry and Herb. They said they were going to stay a little longer and would meet tomorrow at 10 to go to the beach. "Tim, you don't mind if we go straight home? I'm a little upset from the guy at the dance club."

"No, I understand." We went back to the room and straight to bed. I woke up around 9, looked around for Tim, but he was not there. On the table was a note, "Meet you for breakfast; I left your bathing suit out for you." I looked over to the chair, and there was my last bathing suit--the wild weasel one with a pair of sheer black shorts.

I went into the bathroom, got ready, did my makeup, and put on the bathing suit. The top fabric didn't completely cover my areolas, and the bottoms had less material than the top. There was only a patch of fabric from my waist to the top of my clit. The rest was strings holding it together. I looked at it and said out loud, "Hell, it's the last day, and who cares." I put on the shorts to cover the suit, which was almost a joke. The material was so sheer I could see right through it and didn't cover anything. "But when in Rome!"

I went downstairs to the lobby. Kerry, Herb, and Tim had just sat down for breakfast. I walked up; Kerry looked over and said, "Wow, that is hot; I wish my bathing suit looked like that."

Herb said, "I wish your bathing suit looked like that too." So I sat down, and we all ate. After finishing, we headed to the beach.

As we came out of the woods and onto the sand, we stopped. Kerry looked around and said, "Wow, no wonder you guys talk so highly about this place; it's gorgeous." We walked over to where I remembered Jake was sat yesterday, in case he like that spot. We pulled out our towels and lay them down. We all stripped out of our bathing suits and sat on the towels. I looked around; there was another couple on the far end of the beach. But other than that, it was empty.

"I'm hot; I'm going swimming," Tim said.

"That sounds good." I got up and followed him, along with Kerry and Herb. We waited out till we were chest-deep and started floating around. Tim waited over to me, took hold of my waist, pulling me close. I hopped up, putting my legs around his waist. He pulled me tight, squeezing my breast against his chest. I ease down a little bit and felt his hard cock pressing against my crotch. He then moved his hand down under my ass and found my sex-starved pussy. He slipped two fingers inside, "Not now, Kerry is watching us."

"Who cares? I think herb has got his rod up her snatch and is fucking her." I looked; they were bouncing up and down, causing little waves to radiate from where they stood.

"I guess you're right," I pulled myself up higher; Tim grabbed his cock, aligned it with the entrance of my snatch.

"You're in control Kim."

"Great." I slowly ease myself back down onto his hard rod. "Oh, I like that." I continue to bob up and down, each time pushing his cock deep inside of my wanton pussy. "That's good," Tim said.

"You like that?" I said with a big smile.

"You know I do."

"Good, so do I."

Herb waited up to us with Kerry still on his rod. "What you guys doing?" Kerry ask.

"Nothing, just enjoying the view," I said

With a giggle, "Me too," she said. Kerry and I acted like we were holding a conversation as we bounced up and down on our husbands' cocks. Finally, Herb broke in, "I'm going to come."

"Me too," Kerry said. Then, with one final thrust, Herb and Kerry orgasmed together.

Watching them, I felt an orgasm build deep inside my womb, working its way up past my cervix to my G-spot then, "Oh, Fuck, I'm Cumming." I orgasmed, then fell limp in Tim's arms. He continued to use me like a rag doll, lifting me up, almost off his stiff cock, then pulling back down. Finally, I felt him erupt, squirting his cum deep inside my pussy.

I was catching my breath when Kerry said, "Well, now that we've broken the ice, I'm going to go back and lay on the beach for a little bit."

"Me too. How about you, Tim?"

I'm coming."

"I thought you were finished," Kerry laughingly said.

We all laughed, then walked out of the water. I noticed more people had arrived. There were three couples on the other end of the beach, and it looked like the reason for Kerry to be here; Jake and his woman were sitting near our spot. As we walked toward our towels, Kerry leaned over and asked, "Is that the guy?"

"Yep, that's him."

"You weren't lying; his dick is huge." Then, leaning over to Herb, I could hear her say, That's the guy."

He looked over to Jake and said. "Boy, he is packing a big rod."

When we got back to our towels, we all dried off, Herb, Tim, and myself sat down, but Kerry kept looking at Jake. Finally, she walked over to them, and began talking with them, and sat down. After a few minutes, Jake looked over to his girlfriend. She shook her head yes. Kerry stood up and walked back to us. Next, Jake and his girlfriend picked up their stuff and heading our way.

Kerry sat down, "I asked her what did you guys talk about?"

She simply said, "I told Jake that's the biggest cock I've ever seen, and I wanted him to fuck me with it." So Jake and his girlfriend stretched out their towels next to Kerry and Herb and sat down.

Jake, "Hello, I'm Jake, and this is Sally."

Sally looked over to Tim and me, "I remember you two from yesterday. You are the ones that stopped and watched me fuck Jake's cock.

Sally then looked to Kerry, why do you want to fuck Jake's cock?"

Kerry talked about her experience with the man from the conference and how she wanted to relive the feeling, and Herb wanted to watch her get stuffed.

"Well, why don't you sit right here, young lady," Jake said. Sally stood up and changed places with Kerry.

"Don't be bashful, honey, right over here." Jake was patting the sand next to him. Kerry scooted over closer. Then, reaching over, she grabbed hold of his huge soft cock.

"This thing is really huge, even soft it's big. I can't believe I'm really doing this. I prayed I would someday find a guy with a massive cock, and I would get a chance to get fucked as I did years ago. Kerry said.

"Enough talking, sweetie, time for you to use that mouth for something else."

"Your right," Kerry began to stroke his cock a few times, then she leaned over and began to feed the massive thing into her mouth.

"There you go, sweetie, see how much of Jake's cock you can swallow, Jake said. Kerry looked determined to get more of his cock down her throat.

"You can do better than that, sweetie." Jake placed both his hands behind her head, forcing her deeper on his cock. She had gotten five inches in her mouth and started to gag for air. Jake didn't let go until she reached up and pushed his hands from around her head. After Kerry caught her breath, I can't believe I got that much down my throat. I'm going to try for more later. But now I have other plans for that monster. We all watched her straddle his lap, inching her way further up till she had the head of his massive dick against her pussy. I was getting horny watching them; I looked over to Herb. Sally had his dick deep down her throat. I turned to Tim; he was stroking his shaft, watching Kerry.

I looked around to see if anyone else was watching the show. One of the couples from the end of the beach was standing on the other side. Her legs were wide apart, her guy's cock in her hand, slowly stroking it. He had a hand behind her, and it looked like his fingers were working her pussy.

A young Latin man sat down in front of us. He had positioned himself so he had a clear view between my open legs. He split his attention between watching Kerry and looking at my swollen snatch.

I turned to Kerry; she had pulled her lips wide apart and had them wrapped around the head of Jake's cock. I looked back at the man in front of me. His phone was out, and he had taken a photo of me. I didn't care; I just wished he would have asked first.

"Well, looks like he wants a show," Tim said.

"It sure does, just a little teasing. I opened my legs wider, slid my hand down between my crotch. Slipping two fingers up and down my wet pussy lips, spreading my lips apart for his view. I continued teasing him, next slid my middle finger deep in my cunt and rubbing my clit with my thumb, all the while looking straight into his eyes. He was staring straight into my pussy and rubbing the prominent bulge in his shorts. I was getting more turned on teasing this guy.

He kept rubbing the bulge; it seemed to be getting bigger. I couldn't tell the size of his cock through the shorts, but I would have guessed it was bigger than average

I looked over to the other show; Kerry had turned and was facing away from Jake. She looked completely consumed in lust. Then, proudly, she glanced down to see that she had 3/4 's of Jake's cock deep inside herself. His huge dick was spreading her pussy wide.

I turned back to my spectator; he was still staring up at my pussy. I decided to give him more to see. I inserted 2 fingers deep inside, spreading them apart so he could see down my love channel.

I looked back to Kerry. Jake had all of his 10-Inches inside of her and was lifting her up then dropping down. The look on Kerry's face was pure bliss. I saw Sally out of the corner of my eye. She and herb were in a 69 position, with Sally on top. She had Herb's cock deep down her throat and two fingers up his ass hole.

I heard Jake grunt out something, then. Kerry screamed out, "I am cumming." Then fell over on her side, allowing Jake's cock to slip out.

Sally pulled her fingers out of Herb's ass and pushed her hand up to her wrist inside Kerry's gaping open cunt. Then, Sally commenced to fuck her with her fist.

I looked back just in time to see the guy in front of me moving toward me. I realized he was no longer interested in only looking. I closed my legs, held out my hand, signaling stop, and loudly said, "You can look, but you can't touch.

This got Tim's attention, and he turned around.

The guy saw Tim and changed his mind, pissed. He turned around, grabbed his stuff, and stormed off.

I looked back to Kerry; Sally was on her knees in front of her with one hand deep in her pussy. Herb was behind Sally, trying to get his cock in her ass. Jake was passed out in his chair.

Sally looked back at Herb and said, your lucky Jake's cock is too big for my ass, but yours will fit just fine. Then, reaching back with her free hand, she guided his dick to her ass hole. Herb took that as an invitation and pushed his stiff cock deep in her ass. This didn't seem new to her. She kept fucking Kerry with her fist. Kerry, her eyes roll back, with only the white part showing, her right leg began quivering as she had a continuous orgasm.

Herb let out a loud grunt as he blew his load in Sally's ass. Tim stood over Kerry, stroking his shaft, groaning, and blowing his load over her face and pussy.

I figured the show was over, and it was time to go. I knew Tim would help me relieve my sexual tension when we got back. So I looked over to him, "Ready to go?"

"Looks like they're done."

"I doubt they will be able to do anything for a while."

"Ya, so do I."

We said our good buy's, but we didn't think anyone heard us, picked up our stuff, and headed towards the bus stop.

"Do you think we should put our clothes back on?" Tim asked.

"No, not till the bus stop," I said.

I walked along the trail, with Tim behind me. I heard a sound like someone running. I turned around just in time to see the guy from the beach hit Tim with a log and knock him down. Before I could yell, someone grabbed me from behind, covering my mouth with their hand.

"If you don't want my friend to slit your husband's throat, you will keep your mouth shut, do you understand? I nodded yes. He spun me around. It was the guy from the dance club. Keep your mouth shut, or you'll be sorry. He grabbed my arm, pulling me we headed into the brush. The other guy picked up Tim and followed.

He dragged me for about 20 minutes. "OK, this is far enough." He pushed me to the ground. The other guy dropped Tim next to me. "Don't worry; he will be all right. He will probably have one hell of a headache," His friend said.

"I told my friend about this bitch at the dance club last night, how she acted like she wanted to fuck, but then pushed me away. He saw you at the beach and sent me a picture of you. I told him, you were the bitch."

"What do you want with us?" I asked.

"To teach you a lesson, bitches like you come here and flaunt your naked bodies. You tease us, men, get us good and horny, then tell us to fuck off. You just like playing head games. The first man stood over me, undoing his shorts, letting them fall to the ground. "You're going to learn what showing your pussy gets you. When I'm done with you, my friend will have his turn."

I glanced over to his friend; he had also dropped his shorts and stroked a big fat cock. I was scared of the first guy fucking me, but I knew the second guy would split me in haft.

The first guy dropped to his knees, tried to push my legs open. I struggled to keep them together. He slapped me. "If you don't want me to hurt, you will do as your told. Hell, you might even like it." I looked over to Tim, he was not moving, but I did see him breathing. I resided myself to my fate.

He forced my knees apart, then moved closer till his stiff dick at the entrance of my womanhood, with a hard thrust.

"Kim, Kim, we are about to land."

"What?"

"We are here."

"Here?"

"Yes, we are landing, and you need to get your seat belt on. That must have been some dream?"

"A, dream. I thought for a minute, oh, thank god it was only a dream."

Footnote: One of the comments about the story predicted the Kim was going to go for the big dick or gang banged, thrown in jail, and have a black baby. Or something to that order. Sorry, she didn't.


7