A servant to care for my sick wife
By Bhuralund@gmail.com

After we bought a new and bigger house recently, my wife and I realized that it was getting a bit difficult for my wife to manage the entire house by herself. As it is my wife had not been very active lately. Although she had fully recovered from a recent major cervical surgery, she was often catching the flu and cold virus leaving her weak and tired most of the time. So we decided to hire a domestic help. 

We live slightly off the main locality and the supermarket, pharmacy and other shops selling trivial but important day-to-day stuff were about five miles away. Since I was using our only car to commute to my workplace, it often left my wife to walk or to take a cab to do her essential shopping during weekdays. So we ruled out a female servant and opted for someone who was fit enough to do all these chores besides the menial job of mowing the lawn and cleaning the big house.

In India, even though it is easy to find a servant, to find a really reliable, trustworthy, loyal and hardworking servant is often a big task. We were desolate after seeing so many servants who didn't really fit in our requirement. We felt very fortunate when my mother-in-law told us about the brother-in-law of her security guard, who was looking for a job in the city. "I have seen him a few times and he looks very innocent and sincere," she told us while recommending him. We decided to try him out and sent for him through my mother-in-law.

When he arrived in two days time, we were a bit disheartened because of the way he looked. I mean, looks didn't matter to us but generally there was an air of being dirty around him. He was very tall - about 6ft - but super thin. His cheeks were hollow and his hair was long and matty like he hadn't washed or showered for a long time. A pungent, musky odor - reminding me of stale sweat and urine - floated around him as he entered the house. He folded his geeky and bony hands to greet us and the thick veins on his hands, arms and neck made me wonder for a fleeting moment whether he was strong enough.

Anyway, to please my wife's mother, we decided to hire him. If he was not suitable, we decided, we would look for another servant.

After a few weeks, we had got used to having Raju - that's what his name was - around. He was not excellent but was good enough and did whatever my wife asked him. Though his body odor just refused to go (but only I seemed to notice it whenever I asked my wife about it, she just shrugged her shoulders and said that I was being too sensitive.). Just when everything was going smoothly, my wife fell sick. The doctor said it was a stronger virus and she should take complete bed rest for five days. I took a few days off work to look after her and instructed Raju about what medicine to give her at what time. When she had high fever I would sponge her forehead and neck to cool her down. The third day, she was feeling slightly better and I decided to go and clear some work.

About two hours at work, and I got a call from Raju. He said, "memsahib got high fever and she is mumbling incomprehensible things." Worried as I was, I had an important business proposal to submit, so I told Raju that I would not be able to return till late and to go ahead and sponge her head and neck with a damp cloth till her temperature was down. I also told him to feed her some soup and to give some paracetamol.

I finished earlier than I had thought and rushed home. My wife was resting upstairs in our master bedroom so I went to have some drink before heading up. On the dining table, I saw the empty foil of some medicine and my head started throbbing with irritation at Raju. The stupid sod had given her diazepam instead of paracetamol. Jeez, that was so stupid. But then, I thought as my head calmed after sipping a few sips of green tea, it was better if she could rest and sleeping pills will definitely help her sleep soundly. But four sleeping pills were probably a bit too much, I sighed and headed upstairs.

I was about to shout Raju's name when I heard some shuffling and muffled sounds. Worried about my wife, I quickened my pace but as I peeked inside, I stopped dead in my tracks. My wife looked peaceful as she lay on the bed. But the sight of a nine-inch long and about four inch-thick brown uncut cock pistoning in and out of her hairy cunt defied any peace. The fat cock belonged to our super skinny servant Raju and his disgustingly think naked body was wedged between my sweet wife's legs and thrusting her pussy like it was a plastic porno doll. I was disgusted and awed at the same time. I quickly retreated so that Raju wouldn't notice me. Then I walked in from the other guest room, which shared the bathroom with our bedroom and sneaked inside through the common door. My wife's walk-in wardrobe is attached to our bathroom and I had no trouble getting inside. I peeked in at the erotic scene of my innocent wife's fucking by my servant. My six-inch cock was rock hard inside my trousers and I absent-mindedly rubbed it.

Raju was now taking the entire length of his nine-inch uncut monster out of my wife's splashing wet hairy pussy and then plunging to the hilt again. His thrusts were slow and pleasurable. Every once in a while my wife shifted her head and moaned in her drug induced sleep. Her hand had involuntarily cupped her massive creamy breasts and was pinching her own nipples. She looked so erotic, just lying on our king-sized bed helplessly being fucked by her low-class dirty and smelly servant.

Raju seemed to be enjoying his fuck adventure. After fucking her slowly for 10 minutes, he increased his pace and started thrusting his fat cock inside her faster. His long, thick and dark cock was like a motion-blur in and out of my wife's pussy. Then suddenly he arched his back and gave out an animal-like howl as his dirty smelly sperm erupted from his cock head to deposit itself in my wife's fertile pussy. Spent after his powerful orgasm, he collapsed in a thin heap on my wife's motionless body.

A few minutes later, he pulled out his deflated but still impressively thick and long cock out of my wife's pussy and moving towards her head, squeezed the base of his fat cock to drip the remaining of his smelly cum inside my wife's partially open mouth. She licked her lips in her sleep and swallowed the thick and salty droplets. After wiping his slimy brown cock all over her face, Raju, sat down by her side, still stark naked and enjoyed his handiwork. Thick cum was seeping slowly from her brutally fucked cunt and her face was glazed with clear precum and sperm and it was slowly drying to form a thin layer of skin. He grinned satisfactorily and went down, still naked, his long thick brown uncut cock swinging aimlessly between his legs. His large cock looked obscenely large on his rather small and skinny frame.

I slowly came out of the closet and bent down to see up-close what was the damage done to my innocent wife's pussy. It looked beaten and bruised. The pussy lips were puffy and engorged with blood. Her pussy hole was much more widened and I could see the pink walls inside for about an inch or two. Then there was this steady stream of Raju's yellowish but thick cum still seeping out slowly. I still don't know what came over my lustful horny mind when I extended a finger and inserted it in my wife's pussy full of my servant's smelly cum. My finger was instantly sticky with his thick sperm and as I drew it close to take a whiff, a small string of semen expanded from my wife's messy pussy to my fingers. The thick blobs of Raju's sperm were indeed much more musky and pungent smelling than my own thin body liquids and my lust-induced mind flicked my tongue to taste it. It was awful and sinful but I loved it nonetheless and slowly, to my own disgust, I bent down and started sucking Raju's still warm, yellow, sticky sperm straight from my wife's pounded pussy.

"Seems like you love my smelly sperm," I was shocked into reality by these words from Raju. Ashamed at being caught red-handed (or should I say sperm-tongued) I turned around speechless to face Raju's big fat thick uncut brown cock at my eye level. His virile dirty monster cock was slowly rising to the occasion and because of the close proximity to my face, its wrinkled and still spermy tip rubbed my lips. The delicious sensations forced me into submissively opening my mouth to receive my smelly servant's cock into my mouth - I could still taste my wife's familiar pussy juices on his fuck road as my mouth sank the entire nine inches (to my own surprise) down my faggot throat.

Just then I saw a balding, fat man on about 70 years of age, step inside from behind Raju. His tobacco stained teeth were spread in an ear to ear grin. He was wearing a security guard's uniform which was perfectly tailored. He had unzipped himself and his charcoal black cock was hanging down because of its heavy weight. His egg-sized hairy balls seem to be boiling with potent old sperm and a dew drop of clear precum was about drip down in my favorite carpet.

"Oh no," I thought as I quickly turned to him and engulfed his black fat monster in my now seasoned cocksucking mouth before the precum landed on my Persian carpet. Raju and his security guard uncle spent the next two fours fucking my mouth and my drugged wife's hairy pussy. Every time one of them deposited his potent baby-making sperm load inside my wife's fertile pussy, I sucked their smelly cum out with my mouth. That was the least I could do to avoid an unwanted pregnancy.

Needless to say, Raju has become our permanent domestic help and even his uncle has joined us as a security guard for our home. They are perfectly behaving servant and security guard but only when my wife is not unwell...when she falls sick - which we make sure she does every two weeks - they both turn into monster beastly fuckers. And when my wife's is not sick, my mouth has to be a surrogate pussy to swallow and digest their copious smelly amounts of cum.
