The Dancer
by Lady Lucia*

PART EIGHT

Naturally, I expected it to be Autumn.

She was the one who hired me, and the one who would be pissed off that I ran away before finishing the job that she was paying me for. Not to mention that I just teased an entire room and then bailed, instead of just putting my foot down and calling it quits right after learning that I was apparently called to be a stripper instead of a dance host. I could already imagine what the girl might say about how I was ruining her New Years Eve party, and how I needed to get back out there, etc. etc.

Except, it wasnt her. Instead, I found myself face to face with Heather. Dark hair, tall and slender, and dressed just as scantily as Autumn and her friends. She and I used to be on the same dance team in high school, but she ended up pursuing a more safe major. There wasnt any bad blood between us, mostly, save for the fact that I usually got the better parts and positions on the team. But we also werent friends; team solidarity is about as close as we got on that front. Long story short, I had no idea if she was here as an ally or an enemy.

Letting the door click closed behind her, Heather said, Looks like I was right.

Right about what? I wanted to ask, but I held back. My old teammate hadnt yet made it clear why she had followed me up here. For now, I decided to ignore the cryptic comment. She could elaborate if she wanted to; or not. Not now, Heather, I said. Even though it was just us two girls, I crossed my arms over my bra-clad chest. Way too belatedly, I realized that it didnt matter if my top was missing. I was in Autumns bedroom, which meant that there had to be something around I could wear for the time being. Look, can I borrow your phone? Please?

Heather just scoffed. No. Of course not. Im not going to trust some stripper with any of my things. Im just here to bring you back downstairs.

Not on my side, then. Im not going back. This was all a huge misunderstanding. And a huge mistake, on my part. The only place Im going is home.

Mm hmm. So you say. Heather placed a hand on her hip and gave me a not so subtle once over from head to toe, This is a good look for you, Bella. Though it was better when your bra was stuffed with bills. We should put those back in before you start stripping again.

Heather, youre not listening, I said. My hand remained firmly clasped around the stack of cash recently retrieved from my bra cups; probably the only payment Id be receiving tonight. Something told me that Autumn wouldnt give me partial credit. Im done. End of story.

You know, all those boys are going to love rewatching their videos of you. But me? I think Im good. The fairer sex never really did it for me. Although it would be such a waste to just delete everything. I mean, I took a ton of pics. And damn, girl, your cleavage is something else when you bend over. Im surprised your bra managed to hold those things in.

I couldnt help but blush at the memory of taking my skirt off, or perhaps she was talking about the lap dances. My boobs werent even that big! Just solid C cups, though I suppose dancing in just a bra might tell a different story from the right angle. Heather-

I took a few videos, too, she said, with an idle smile, You know, phones these days are pretty amazing. Everything is so crisp and clear. And that skimpy little thong didnt leave much to the imagination, did it?

I- Only I couldnt get a word in edgewise. Heather kept talking over me.

Hmm, I wonder what your university would think of this kind of behavior? My school makes it so easy to communicate with all the professors. I mean, you can literally go to any department and get the email address of anyone. Or, if you were interested, of everyone. How about yours, Bella? Does your schools website make things just as convenient as mine?

Oh my God, she wouldnt!!

Just imagining how that might play out was a trip. It would be a nightmare. For the ones that mentioned it, Id have to deal with a mortifying conversation. And for those that kept it to themselves, I could already picture the sideways glances and the silent judgment. Evidence of me stripping wouldnt get me expelled, but Id lose all respect for using my talents in such a way. Especially since a number of expressions and movements were borrowed from things I learned from them. Honestly, Id rather have friends and family see me performing in such a way. At least then, I could lie and come up with some story about it being an experimental piece or something. There would still be judgment in one form or another, but at least Id have a flimsy excuse in my back pocket. My teachers, however, wouldnt be so gullible.

Heather, please, I replied. All the wind was immediately knocked out of my sails. Less than a minute ago, I was finally frustrated enough to have a backbone about this whole stripper thing. But with my education, and potentially career, on the line, I found myself on my back foot and poised to be easily knocked over. You cant.

Cant I? she smirked, Tell you what, Bells. If you do what I say for the rest of the night, then well talk. Think you can handle that?

The rest of the night? I couldnt write a blank check like that! But-

But nothing. Choose now, girl. Are you going to go home, or are you going to do whatever I say?

Swallowing hard, I reluctantly answered the only way that gave me a chance of keeping this contained to my home town.

Im going to do whatever you say . . .


PART NINE

I had to do anything Heather said. 

Since I barely knew the girl, I had no idea what to expect. Was this belated revenge from high school, just because she didnt get to star in as many dances? Or was it just opportunistic bullying, just because she could? At the end of the day, it didnt really matter. I was at her mercy.

Heather began with, Take your skirt back off.

She said it so casually, save for a hint of smugness. The tone of voice itself made me want to scream at her, as did the idle smile on her face, but I couldnt do anything but obey. My reputation and my future depended on it, as I needed my instructors as references down the road. I narrowed my eyes in annoyance, to at least show that I wasnt happy about this, but did as she said. With none of the bravado from the first time around, back when I was playing the part of the featured stripped at Autumns party, I merely yanked the garment down and let gravity finish the job. Assuming that shed want it all the way gone, I stepped one foot at a time out of the dark gray number that was pooled around my feet for the second time in less than ten minutes. 

Kicking it aside, I put a hand on my hip and tried to pretend that the exposure didnt bother me. Is that it? Maybe challenging her was a mistake, but I couldnt help it. I was less frustrated at her, and more frustrated at myself for digging such a deep hole instead of just leaving when Autumn first pressured me to stay. 

Its a start, Heather shrugged. She held out her hand, Now, give me all that lovely dirty money you earned. We need to put it back where it belongs, and strippers dont do that themselves.

She was referencing Autumns degrading explanation from downstairs. Fine. Picking up the stack of cash I had stashed on the nearby desk, I handed them to Heather.

Plenty of girls during my show earlier had enjoyed sliding the bills into my bra. With the boys, it was a chance to briefly touch my bare chest along the way. Disgusting, and a total invasion of privacy, but at least they were predictable. When it came to the fairer sex, however, it was a lot more complicated. In Heathers case, or in Autumns, it was all about the dominance that amused them. The others were all over the place in terms of motivation, as it was obvious that this was their first stripper experience. Mine too, of course. 

I wasnt particularly into girls, which made it difficult to say which gender I preferred in terms of who got to stuff money into my bra. Normally Id choose girls, as my indifference would make it fine, but Id almost rather have pervy boys than a girl like Heather. 

Hold still, Bells, she said. 

Unnecessary.

Once again doing as I was told, I just scowled at her as she slid the first bill underneath my right bra cup. Alternating left and right, she added all the money I had made from stripping and giving lap dances downstairs, except the blackmail she was dangling over my head gave her the power to break the rule I had established during those dances. Heather cupped one of my breasts and gave a hard squeeze after adding yet another dollar bill.

HEY. I snapped. Instantly slapping her hand away, I take a step back, What the fuck, Heather?

I need to make sure theyre going to stay in place, she said. With an eye roll, naturally. And I told you to hold still. Strike one, Bells.

Its Bella.

Thats strike two. Hold still, and shut up. 

I pursed my lips and resisted the urge to reply. Heather was still making the rules here, and I had to play along. I was sure that strike three wouldnt mean a mass e-mail to my instructors, but she definitely had the power to make my night worse in other ways.

Heather got back to work. In a matter of minutes, my cleavage was marred by a countless amount of dollar bills. I could feel the problem before I saw it, though I glanced down to verify. Unlike the haphazard way that a bunch of random strangers had tipped me for my stripping services, Heather overlapped the bills in a dangerous manner. My C cups were barely touching the bra at all, as the doubled and tripled bills had been pushed more deeply between the bra and my boobs than before. While it made everything tighter around my chest, there was also less friction. It was fine while I was standing still, but the wrong move could potentially cause my breasts to pop out of the cups if I wasnt careful. 

Had Heather done that on purpose? Or did she just enjoy the sight of how slutty her handiwork made my chest look?

Either way, she wasnt done yet. With that same smug expression, Heather slipped a folded bill into the waistband of my black thong.

Since I had fled the scene in the living room seconds after removing my skirt, no one had gotten a chance to try this out on me. Honestly, I couldnt say if it had even crossed my mind as a possibility. Lightly gasping in surprise, I didnt get a chance to voice my surprise before she beat me to the punch. Come on, Bells. This is a better look for you. Trust me.

Trust her. As if.

Most of the bills were already in my bra, but Heather had saved a handful to add to my underwear. And then, adding insult to injury, she showed me the $20 Autumn had given me, as well as a handful of 5s and 10s from others along the way. 

Teasingly putting those in her own bra, she said, Agents get 90%, right? she said, with a wink.


PART TEN

Just like that, I was back downstairs.

Hand in hand with Heather, though there wasnt any reason for her to keep a grip on me. I had already made my choice. I was mostly bothered by the seemingly friendly and casual way her fingers laced between mine, when she and I were anything but friends. And, while Id never admit it out loud, I was also really annoyed that she took so much money. Money that I had earned, at the cost of degrading myself.

While most of the return journey was a willing one, my pace subconsciously slowed as we neared the living room. Was I really about to go back out there? Strut my stuff on the stage and give countless more lap dances to strangers and old classmates? Apparently so, because Heather gave a hard yank on my arm to encourage me to turn the corner with her.

We were met with a strange combination of positive and negative reactions to my arrival. Half the room clearly didnt appreciate the fact that I ran away and spoiled the show, but the other half was glad it was going to continue. The dark haired girl I was attached to, however, had a plan to win the others over. Walking me over to the DJ, Heather grabbed the microphone Autumn was using before, then changed course to bring us both onto the wide coffee table that served as the makeshift stage.

Hey, be nice! Heather exclaimed. She stood on the elevated surface with me, speaking into the mic as we remained positioned side by side, hand in hand. Bella just got a little stage fright. This is only her sixth time stripping, by the way, and her first time doing a private party! You want her to keep going, right?

This earned more cheers than before, while I did everything in my power to keep my jaw from dropping. Something about putting a number on it made my fake identity for the night feel a lot more real. Suddenly, I had a backstory, and who wouldnt believe her? I was a dance major, after all. And everything I had done so far only breathed life into the lie, as did the image of me standing in my lingerie with a bunch of dollar bills stuffed inside. I nervously scanned the sea of faces, spotting Autumn in her green bra in the same armchair I had given her a lap dance in. She seemed more than content to let Heather run the show in her stead.

Going on, Heather said, Funny story. Bella had a bit of a crush on me in high school. Unfortunately for her, Im super straight, but who can blame her? Be honest, people. Who else had a bit of a crush on me when I wore those short shorts and danced my heart out?

Once again, there were a good amount of cheers coming from the crowd. It was true. Not the part about the crush; our dance team uniforms didnt exactly leave much to the imagination, and Heather was objectively hot. Besides, it was a confident girl polling a big audience. Even people in the room who didnt know her were probably part of the response just from the mental image of an attractive girl wearing skimpy shorts and flaunting her body.

As for me, I was mortified. Not just from once again being the center of attention while half naked, but also from the implication that I was into girls. Theres nothing wrong with any given sexuality, but that didnt mean that I wanted to be seen as gay or bi when I was only into guys! I opened my mouth to say something, anything, but Heather was already running with it.

Anyway, its New Years, and Bella definitely needs a midnight kiss! So, any girls interested? Let me know, and well let our sexy stripper pick one of you at random. Sorry, boys. Youll just have to enjoy the show. Okay, Bells. On with the show!

Just like that, Heather let go of my hand and hopped off the stage. Taking that as a cue, the DJ turned the music back up, and both Heather and Autumn gestured for me to get to it.

The dancer within me was at least able to begin slowly moving my hips to the beat, but the external me was stiff and unable to commit to much more than that. I was going to have to kiss a girl?! It had been awkward enough straddling a few members of my own sex to give them the lap dance they paid for, but that hadnt meant anything. It was all for show, and I was honestly guessing that most of the girls outside of Autumn had done it more for the attention, and/or to tease and treat the nearby guys. Not that a kiss would mean anything either, of course, but that was something so personal. It would be a notable first of mine, witnessed by Autumn, Heather, and a sea of other witnesses. And it would be caught on camera and video, too.

But there was the other potential fatehaving all my instructors see me using my talents for something so unprofessional and improper. The thought of that alone got me moving in the meantime, and I began to work my body to the beat. This, at least, felt familiar and more comfortable than the alternative. Id much rather be dancing by myself than giving a dance to literally anyone in the current crowd. Dancing in a thong, however, wasnt quite the same as dancing in short shorts. I was keenly aware of how basically the entirety of my ass was on display to the whole room, which made it a lot more difficult to get lost in the music.

I tried to meet eyes with Autumn, and even considered going over to give her another lap dance if it meant we could share a private word, but I never got the chance. One of the boys in the front row stood up and walked over to slip a dollar bill into my thong, which reminded everyone else that they could do the same.



