VI.

“I hate this place,” Leonard McCoy stated emphatically as the hostess delivered him to the table where she waited.

Nyota was surprised that she’s missed his voice as much as his presence. All gruff laced with feigned anger, but she can hear the sincerity beneath it, the kindness that emanates from his pores. She caught a quick glimpse of him before he settled across from her. His hair is shorter, jagged, well constructed layers that perfect the ruggedness of his face. A thin beard covered his jaw and she was unequivocally in love with the gray suit lining his frame. He had paired it with a black shirt, leaving a few buttons undone, and her mind and mouth immediately recalled the taste of his chest against her tongue. Nyota’s dress was only a few shades off from the color he was wearing. Her hair slicked back in a sleek ponytail. His smile was genuine and she remembered the dress was one of the final things he purchased before their separation.

“You look good, McCoy.”

He did. That was the truth.

He lowered his head and avoided her eyes. His voice was low when he spoke the words she had waited to hear; expected for him to say as soon as his eyes met hers that day.

“Come back.”

Two words and her heart fluttered. “You promised you wouldn’t.” He had; it had been her one rule for meeting in person to deliver the divorce papers.

There was urgency in his plea. “Come back.”

Nyota smoothed down her dress and ran her fingers through the hair hanging down her back. “How’s work?”

“Work’s shit…life’s shit…just come home.” McCoy found his inner courage and lifted his head, the corners of lips twisted into a wry grin, “How ‘bout a drink?”

He was irresistible and he knew it. “Sure.”

Nyota’s hand slipped into her bag. She pulled out the envelope, and slid it across the table. There was some hesitation in his next move. He motioned for a waiter, fidgeted with the menu. He did everything but touch the papers that sat between them.

“You hungry?” He thumbed through the leather-bound pages before slamming the binder down on the table before speaking. “I love you, please come back.”

“No Leonard, it’s better this way.” Nyota swallowed the lump in her throat and returned to her bag for a pen that she placed on top of the envelope. She slid the documents closer and said, “Sign.”

“Better…it’s not better for me. Maybe it’s better for you.” His voice elevated with every word. He paused, allowing the audience’s attention to drift elsewhere. “I’m not signing those damn papers. I don’t want this. I want you.”

“I’m not coming back.” She flinched when he grabbed her hand. Cursed her body for accepting the comfort he offered; hated that her fingers still remembered the lines on his palm. “Give me back my hand.” He loosened his grip and she returned her hand to her lap.

Leonard read the papers. “Irreconcilable differences. Bullshit.”

The crowd’s attention fell on them again.

“Stop putting on a show Leonard McCoy and sign the fucking papers,” She declared through clenched teeth.

“I’ll sign your precious papers on one condition. We skip all these formalities, take a little trip to my new office, and christen the exam room with our final fuck.”

Nyota couldn’t believe what she was hearing. “Are you insane?”

“Just obsessed. I can’t get over you. I think you owe me, for playing the role of loyal wife all the time while you were riding another man’s dick.”

She stood to leave forgetting her mission and the promises made to Spock. McCoy’s chair scraped the floor and he joined her in the middle of the restaurant to finish their display. She felt her soon to be ex’s body mold around her, the familiar caress of his lips on the shell of her ear. “One last time, Nyota. You be my whore, and in return I’ll sign your papers. You do this and happily ever after is right around the corner.” He kissed her cheek. “Now what about that drink…dirty martini, extra olives, right?”

Nyota found him at the bar. “I’m doing this because I feel guilty, and I because I pity you. You know that, don’t you?”

“Of course darlin’.” He held the glass out for her.

She folded her arms against her chest.

“Make you feel like a man?”

McCoy finished his shot of bourbon and sipped Nyota’s martini.

“Ask me after the first nut.”

Exasperated, Nyota walked out and McCoy quickly followed.

McCoy knew Nyota’s body well; the place on the small of her back that made her shiver, and the spot on her inner thigh that she demanded be kissed before his tongue separated her folds and found its way inside. She came as soon as his mouth found her clit. The second orgasm ripped through her when his middle fingers fucked her to completion. There was no turning back. Her body accepted everything he had to give. She folded under his authority.

When she tried to drift lower to take him in her mouth, he refused, pulled her on his lap, and watched in silence as she rode and rocked him to an explosion of epic proportions.

“We fit, Nyota, you can’t deny that.”

She kissed him, long and hard. His words birthed confusion.

He zipped her dress and fastened the clasp of her shoes. His finger traced the simple diamond-encrusted band she still wore on her left hand.

“You gonna tell him?”

She turned her back and fussed with her hair. “I don’t know.”

“Honesty is the best policy, Mrs. McCoy.”

Nyota wiped the tears filling her eyes before she turned to face her husband. She unfolded the papers from the envelope and placed the pen on top.

“Sign.”

Without another word, McCoy did as he was told.

***

Nyota was patient as she waited for Sarek to answer the door. It was close to eight in the evening. She had missed the reception for the University Hospital’s pediatric cancer wing named after Amanda. Her cell was warm in her hand, several missed calls and texts from Spock displayed on the screen. She was gracious and demure when she entered the senator’s home.

Disapproval washed over Sarek’s face. “Spock’s in the study.” His voice was stern and devoid of warmth. “You were expected three hours ago Mrs. McCoy.”

She held up the papers in hand seeking absolution from Spock’s father.

“My meeting ran longer than I anticipated.”

The man disappeared in the opposite direction. Nyota took a deep breath and rushed down the hall. She found Spock, hands folded under his chin, and his nose buried in a book.

“Good evening.”

He moved gracefully as his head rose and his eyes met hers. “Good evening, Nyota.”

“I’m sorry.” She rushed to the desk and sat on the corner. Her hand reached for his face.

“What happened? I was concerned. I know that Leonard can be emotional and somewhat unstable when it comes to you.”

Confession was on the tip of her tongue, instead she told an altered version of the truth. “Traffic…debates…insults…and the ongoing battle of getting him to sign the divorce papers.” Nyota slid from the desk to Spock’s lap and wrapped her arms around his neck. “Everything is better now.”

His knuckles brushed the swell of her cheek. “You look flushed and your heart is beating so fast.”

Nyota stood and averted her gaze to the small bar. “I’m just thirsty.”

Spock crossed the room in a few strides and broke the seal on a bottle of water. She listened as the liquid poured over the ice. Realization hit him moments later and when he turned to face her, denial was no longer an option, but she fought valiantly.

“How did everything go?”

She could hear the underlying accusation in his voice.

“Fine.”

He moved closer with the glass in hand, urging her to drink.

“You met for cocktails…an early dinner.”

She drank, ignoring the water that escaped from the corner of her mouth. “Yes.”

He pushed further, “And.”

Nyota shrugged her shoulders and wiped the sweat from her brow. “And now I’m here.”

“Surely you don’t expect me to believe that, Nyota. It’s been months since you have seen one another. You were frightened. Uncertain of the pressure he would place on you for reconciliation. Now you expect me to accept that the two of you reminisced all afternoon and he signed the papers to end his marriage.”

“I told you, there were insults and arguments, but Len did what was for the best.”

She had slipped. In the past months Nyota had referred to her estranged husband as McCoy or Leonard, never had she used his nickname in her discussions with Spock.

“How is Len?”

Nyota placed her glass on the desk and reached for Spock’s hands and squeezed. “I love you, can’t you feel that? Don’t be angry that I saw him.”

“Nyota, I am far from angry.” He bent to kiss her, his voice falling to a seductive whisper, “Congratulations, Ms. Uhura.” His lips were soft and the kiss firm. “Give me a moment and then we will leave.”

Her breathing returned to a steady rate. Spock was only jealous; he did not suspect anything more than a heated conversation between exes. She cleared her phone, deleting the message from Leonard without reading. She checked her makeup in the mirror unaware of Spock’s return to the room.

“You slept with him, didn’t you?”

The question caught her off guard and Nyota could only nod. “Please…just…”

“Why not lie, Nyota?”

“Truth that was what we promised each other.”

“I do not want the truth.” The light drained from his eyes. “Are you testing me?”

She cried, “No.” Nyota grabbed his face. “Please don’t stop loving me. It was stupid. I gave him nothing important.”

“All I can see is him all over you.” Spock snatched Nyota’s hands from his face. “I almost admire him.”

“Stop it. I did this for us. You would have done the same thing if it were Jim.”

Spock spun eyes full of angry passion. “Do not speak his name. He would never…” He closed his eyes. “I think you enjoyed it.”

“Fuck you. No one is good enough for you. Perfection personified that’s what you think you are.”

“This is not about me. You did enjoy it. The strange familiarity…comfort in his touch…I guess I will never know unless I ask him.”

Her voice escalated. “Then why don’t you.”

“Maybe I will.”

Spock walked from the room with determination in his stride and Nyota sat in deafening silence reconciled herself to the only decision that should be made.