"Officer Bowie." The sergeant wheeled around the squad room and stabbed a finger in Ziggy's direction. "Go tell the fat faggot he's off the hook."

Ziggy stood up obediently and headed for the door.

"And tell him don't even think about suing this police department," the sergeant called after him. "There's no homophobic shit going on here."

Ziggy bit his tongue and slipped out into the corridor.

He was relieved at the outcome. It had all looked so serious when he'd responded to a discharge of a firearm report and arrived at a big fancy house to find everyone shouting and screaming. A red-faced guy waving a shotgun, accusing a fat man in a Hawaiian shirt of having abducted his teenage son. What a goddamn mess.

Back at the station, it had become quickly apparent that the boy had run away from home a few weeks before and the fat man had found him on the street. Ziggy's patrol partner, and just about everyone else, assumed that the fat man had taken the boy in to molest him--but both parties had vehemently denied that. And lo and behold, the medical examination had borne them out.

Actually, fat was unfair, Ziggy thought as he saw the prisoner sitting handcuffed to the bench in the corridor. Stout, perhaps, but he was a big man. He looked up as Ziggy approached; Ziggy sat down next to him and unlocked the cuffs.

"No charges, you're free to go," Ziggy told him.

"Ah, that's a relief," the man exclaimed. He lifted his freed hand, flexing the wrist. "Tell me, what's happening to the boy? He's not going back to his asshole father, is he?"

"Not right now," Ziggy told him. "Child protection are looking after him." The medical examination had showed some older injuries that frankly looked like the father had been beating the crap out of the boy for a long time.

"Glad to hear it." The man stood up. Ziggy stood up too, and they started to walk down the corridor towards the front desk.

"Did you really think he was eighteen?" Ziggy asked, curious.

"No, but I thought it an exaggeration from sixteen, seventeen," the man said gravely. "I really didn't put him as young as fifteen, or I wouldn't have brought him home, however cute he was. I'll be more careful next time."

Ziggy grimaced a little. "Take my advice, don't say that in here, you're asking for trouble." He remembered the sergeant's parting words. "Oh, and my boss says you're not to sue the department 'cause there's no homophobia here."

The man laughed. "And that's why they sent you to tell me, right?"

Ziggy didn't say anything, but he nodded his head once, curt.

"I don't know where you like to hang out, Officer," the man said. "But a friend of mine's about to open a new club down by the beach. It's gonna be great--I should know, I put up half the money. Grand opening is Friday next week. Come along, bring your friends."

Ziggy was amused. "You want a cop at your club?"

"I like having friends in high places. It can be mutually beneficial."

No shit. It had undoubtedly helped this guy that he not only had an influential lawyer, but a pal on the local council who had been on the phone straight away to the chief of police. Ziggy had a feeling that it might be useful to stay on the good side of this guy. Also, sometimes it just sucked being the only out policeman in the department. It would be nice to have a network he actually belonged in.

"You realize I'm just a lowly cop," Ziggy pointed out. "But I'll be there if I can."

"High places, low places, always handy to have a friendly policeman around. I'll look out for you, Officer--?"

"Bowie. Call me Ziggy." They arrived at the front desk; Ziggy unlocked the door at the side to let them out into reception.

"Call me Linus," the man said, stepping outside to freedom.

"Want a ride home, Linus?" Ziggy asked, figuring he could tell the sergeant he'd done it to placate the guy, stop him suing.

"Very kind of you, but a friend of mine should be here." Linus scanned the area. "There he is. Chris!"

A tall man came striding up, clad in tight blue jeans, and a clingy white T-shirt with the sleeves cut off. Fair hair, gray eyes, young--early twenties, Ziggy guessed.

"This is my good friend Chris. He's opening the club I mentioned," Linus introduced them. "Chris, everything is fine and I'm a free man. I'd like you to meet Officer Bowie, known as Ziggy, who'll be joining us at the opening next week."

"Linus, how fucking typical," Chris scolded. "Only you could get arrested and then use the situation to start drumming up business for us."

"I'm a practical man," Linus said to Ziggy with a wink.

The following week Ziggy arrived at the club, found himself invited upstairs to the private bar, had a very pleasant time mingling with Linus and his friends, discovered that Linus played golf, and agreed to give him a game sometime.

Ziggy then ended the evening making out with a handsome older man with a mustache. They swapped phone numbers as they left, and made a date for the next day.

In the years to come, when people asked Linus and Ziggy how they met, they developed a routine. Linus would relate with pleasure, "Well, it was when Ziggy arrested me on suspicion of seducing a minor."

And Ziggy would chime in, "Though of course he'd never do such a thing. Turned out he only wanted to get himself handcuffed for the thrill."

"I never could resist a man in uniform," Linus would conclude.

And Ziggy, in his police chief uniform, would simply grin.

END