Authors Note: The following is a piece of original fiction that contains ADULT content and should not be read by minors. This story is copyright of the author. All names and places are fictional and any resemblence to real persons or places is purely coincidental.

If you have any feedback, positive or otherwise, please email me at  literaryrambler@yahoo.co.uk and why not check out my other stories at http://www.asstr.org/~LiteryRambler

Jane - An Awakening Of Hidden Desires
By LiteraryRambler

When the P.A. job had come up Jane had been quick to submit her CV. It had been nearly two years since Jane had started working for the firm in the typing pool and she had been overqualified for that job even then. At the time, however, money had been tight and she couldn't afford to be picky, so she had taken the job in hope that something else would come along. She hadn't expected to have to wait two years for an opportunity like this to come along, but now it looked like her patience was about to pay off.

Being the Personal Assistant to the Managing Director of the company was about as high as you could go within the support structure and along with the job came a lot of perks and quasi power. The flip side of this was that a lot of the other members of the support staff tended not to like the PA to the MD.

Jane had thought about this when deciding whether or not to apply for the job, but had decided that the extra 10,000 on her salary and a company car would soon heal any wounds caused by jealous underlings.

Naturally Jane had been offered the job. Her skills were on a par with most of the other applicants, but she had impressed the interviewer by being more level headed, having more common sense and being seemingly less likely to flap under pressure. That is not to say that Jane was some sort of superhuman who could never be flustered, nervous or unsure, it just meant that she was very good at hiding it. On the outside she could be calm, collected and confident, whilst on the inside she flapped, panicked and lacked self confidence like the vast majority of people.

So here she was about to start her new job and already things weren't going well. Jane struggled to find a parking space and was now running late as she hurried down the corridor to the executive office suite where her new working home would be. She opened the door to the office suite and quickly dumped her bag behind her desk. Shrugging of her coat she furtively glanced at the clock. Only 5 minutes late... not that bad. She settled in behind her desk and flicked the switch on her computer to boot it up. Her desk was positioned in the outer office area of the executive suite which contained the offices of the MD and the Chairman. The latter apparently only came into the office about twice a year so for all intents and purposes she would only be working for Mr Peterson, the MD.

The intercom on her desk suddenly emitted a dull tone followed by the voice of her new boss.

"Jane, would you step in here please."

"Right away Mr Peterson.", replied Jane her finger stabbing at the talk button on the intercom. Perhaps she hadn't got away with it after all. Jane hoped that this would not set a bad precedent for their working relationship. She pushed back her chair and headed in to face her new boss. 

"Good morning Mr Peterson.", She smiled as she walked in and stood in front of the huge mahogany desk. Her eyes flicked around the grand office. It certainly was befitting of someone who ran a large company; decked out with expensive items of furniture and works of art hanging on the walls.

Behind the desk sat David Peterson who she had only met twice before. On both occasions she had found him to be polite and quite charming. He must be in his late 30s Jane thought and judging by the ring on his finger and the photo on the window sill, married with at least one child.

"Ah Jane, good morning indeed.", David beamed as he rose and extended his hand across the desk. Jane accepted the handshake and then sat in the chair that he then offered her.

"I'd just like to say how pleased I am that you accepted the offer and hope that we can form an efficient and friendly working relationship." 

Jane sighed inwardly as she realised this was just the 'welcome on board speech' and not a dressing down for being late. 

"Well, I would like to thank you for giving me this opportunity and just want you to know hat I won't let you down.", Jane cringed at her 'over the top' gratitude and hoped it hadn't sounded to sickly.

The pleasantries over, David's smile faded slightly, "Excellent. Well firstly let's just set a few ground rules. First you are to call me Mr Peterson or Sir if you prefer, but you are not to address me by my first name unless I expressly say it is ok to do so."

"Yes Mr Peterson.", Jane chirped in response.

"You will be smartly dressed at all times, hair and makeup tidy and neat. Many important people come through this office every day and you and I are sometimes the first impression of our company that they get. We must both present ourselves impeccably. I am pleased to see that you seem to have grasped this concept already... well done."

Jane allowed herself a small smile and congratulated herself on her choice of the dark trouser suit, tied back hair and subtle makeup.

"Now...", David continued, "Everything else will be in the notes that Sarah compiled before she left. What I expect from you, where to find things, that sort of thing. You can spend the rest of the morning going over those and finding your feet." 

"No problem Mr Peterson, I have met with Sarah a couple of times as well so I think I am up to speed on a lot of it.", Jane felt proud that she had taken the initiative in seeking out Sarah for a few choice tips prior to her starting.

"Excellent...", the smile had returned to David's face, "...see that is why you got the job...initiative. There are only two things I prize more than initiative and those are loyalty and punctuality." David said, his smile fading again to be replaced by a stern look.

Jane's stomach flipped as she realised that she had already crossed her new boss on one of his prized qualities.

"I don't want to get all heavy with you on your first day, but it is important that you understand the rules and also that there are certain things that I will not tolerate. I expect you to be at your desk at 8.30am every single morning unless you are sick or on holiday. If that means you get there at 8.15 every day to ensure being on time, so be it. If I buzz that intercom at 8.30, as I did this morning, and find myself talking to empty space again, I will not be impressed!", David finished his reprimand and sat back to let Jane respond.

"I am so sorry...", Jane started to say but just then the phone rang and David picked it up raising his hand indicating that she should stop. He listened for a few moments then placed his hand over the mouthpiece and addressed Jane.

"I need to take this call. This matter is not over though. We shall continue this at another time and I expect you to remind me of that, is that clear?"

"Yes Mr Peterson", Jane dropped her eyes to her feet and felt slightly crestfallen.

David's voice lightened up as he spoke again, "Ok, well off you go and let's make this day a good day after all".

"Yes Sir.", Jane brightened up as she rose and left the office.

Back at her desk Jane busied herself going through the notes left by Sarah and vowed that she would learn everything perfectly so as not to disappoint Mr Peterson again. She hadn't expected the dressing down that she had received but felt that he had been perfectly fair. He was never once mean or rude to her, but it was just his voice. It just seemed to carry so much authority. Well it wouldn't happen again, Jane was sure of that. She would be the model Personal Assistant and wouldn't give him the chance to reprimand her again.

------

David Peterson sat back in his chair and pondered on his new P.A. He had been very firm with her this morning, probably more so than was necessary. But David had learnt one thing working his way up the corporate ladder which was that it was essential to stamp your authority on any working relationship from day one. Make sure that people know who is in charge from the outset.

Inwardly David was overjoyed that Jane had got the job. Her track record in the typing pool had proven her to be an extremely efficient worker and someone who was more than capable of working under pressure. On top of that she was a damn attractive woman. Not that this made any difference, David was a happily married man, but he mused that if he had to sit and work in this office five or sometimes six days a week it made things a lot more pleasant if his personal assistant was pleasant to look at and had some form of a personality.

Sarah had been different. She was an excellent P.A. but had absolutely no personality and was, quite frankly, over-blessed with the ugly gene. He wondered whether Jane would  remind him about the lateness issue. He'd give her till the end of the week to see if she did the 'right thing' or not. David smirked to himself. He would ease up a bit on Jane as the days progressed and as her respect developed for him. He saw this becoming a very productive and amenable working relationship. 


------

The rest of the day had passed without event as indeed did the rest of the week. Jane had quickly got into the swing of things and picked up on David's routines. She soon realised that he was an extremely good businessman; very firm at times but always extremely fair. He never shouted or ranted and took everything in his stride. Due to her diligence and hard work there had been no reason for Jane to be reprimanded the rest of that week and by Friday the only thing that was weighing on her mind was the lateness issue which she had not found the courage to bring up yet. She resolved that she would do it before the day was out so as to wipe the slate clean before the weekend.

Jane decided that there was no time like the present and was about to reach for the intercom when Mr Peterson came out of his office with his coat on.

"Right Jane, I am off to the Japanese lunch and I probably won't be back until around 3 or 4. Knowing these people from old there will no doubt be a bit of Sake floating around so I think you better clear my diary for the rest of the day just to be on the safe side."

"Yes Mr Peterson.", Jane replied and then after a moment added, "I was wondering if I could have a word before you went Mr Peterson?".

"Ah can it keep Jane? I don't want to be late for this lunch". She couldn't be sure but Jane seemed to think there was a bit of an inflection on the word 'late'.

"It will keep.", Jane said and handed David the file on the Japanese company. David smiled and left in a hurry.

Maybe it would be better to do it when he got back anyway Jane thought. He would probably be a lot more lenient with a few sakes inside him.


------

As David sat in the back of the taxi, staring blearily out of the window he smiled at how productive his lunch had been. They had agreed, in principle, on the terms of the contract and hopefully would have the deal done and dusted by the end of next week. He slid the window down slightly in an effort to clear his head from  the effects of the alcohol. He hadn't had that many, but it was enough to make him feel a little light headed. The only bad thing about the lunch had been sitting through the intensely boring idle chit chat. The CEO of the Sukomo Group was as dull as dishwater and had proceeded to bore him senseless with stories about how important discipline was and how he strongly believed in dishing out the odd spanking to his children in order to gain their respect and obedience.

As he got out of the taxi and made his way back into the office block, David mused on how simple it would be if business life was like that. Being able to dish out the odd beating would probably knock some sense into some people around here. David smiled at the idea....what nonsense.

------


It was gone 4 when Jane heard the outer door open and saw David walk in looking a little bit ragged around the edges, a slight glaze in his eyes.

"How did it go Mr Peterson?", Jane asked as she stood up to help him out of his coat and retrieve his briefcase from him.

"It went very well Jane. I think we shall have the contracts signed by next week." David proudly replied. "Much happen while I was away?"

"John brought those research papers up and there is a pile of messages on your desk...nothing of great urgency as far as I can see." said Jane as she hung up his coat.


David hesitated slightly and then smiled and walked into his office to deal with the messages. Jane retreated back to her desk; she was still in two minds whether to bring up the subject of the lateness or not. 

After a couple of minutes she decided that she had to get it sorted before the weekend so she made her way to David's office and tapped on the door. She stuck her head round the door when he responded and asked, "Is it ok to have that word now?".

"Of course Jane", replied David, happy to be distracted from the mundane messages awaiting his attention. "What's on your mind?"

Jane stepped into the office closing the door behind her and took a seat opposite David's desk. Her stomach was tightening up and she could feel a heat rushing to her face.

"You said I should remind you about the lateness Sir." Jane found she couldn't meet his eyes as she offered herself up for a continuance of the reprimand.

David paused for a second with a puzzled look on his face which quickly turned to one of recollection. "Oh yes that", he said with a dismissive nature. He had all but decided to forget about it as long as she had brought it up which she was now doing. But he paused for a second and stared back at her. Jane sat before him staring down at her feet awaiting his lecture.

David felt a rush of power and suddenly a thought entered his head. He pondered on it for a second and then decided to try something. He masked his face with a stern expression and spoke as he stood up.

"I am glad you brought that up and I want you to know that, as I said before, I do not take these things lightly. I have decided to deal with this simply and quickly so that we can put it behind us and move on." He made his way round the side of the desk and stopped a few yards from her.

Jane relaxed slightly, she liked the sound of this.

"Stand up please Jane and take your jacket off." Jane's eyes lifted to his with a hint of confusion but then she quickly stood and did as she was asked. David continued to walk around behind her, "I had a mostly boring conversation at lunch today, but now I see that the content of that conversation may well have given me a suitable resolve for this situation.... Please lean forward slightly and place your hands on the desk."

Jane slowly leant forward and placed her hands and forearms on the desk aware that this presented a rather compromising view of her backside. She thanked god that she had worn a trouser suit today.

David stepped up to her side and as Jane stared straight ahead, he continued, "Yes, I think this may well deal with the situation rather well....now I want you to know that I am firm but fair and therefore you will receive only as much punishment as you deserve. You were five minutes late therefore you will receive five."

Five what Jane thought to herself. She was very confused.

David lifted his arm back, paused for a second and then brought it down, the flat of his palm hand making contact with the fullness of her backside. Jane shrieked in surprise.

"Mr Peterson!! What..." but the second blow caused her to cut her protest short as the stinging pain coursed through her.

"Now Jane, that is two...only three more and then this matter is all sorted."

Jane was totally humiliated and felt a full flush of embarrassment sprint to her face. She shifted uneasily as the third slap made contact and the air was forced from her lungs in another muffled shriek. What was he doing? Jane knew she should leave the office this instant but at the same time was fixed on the spot.

David felt a rush of adrenaline flood his body as he delivered the fourth  stroke to her curvy arse forcing her forward slightly over the desk from the force. His cock twitched and he suddenly realised he was deeply aroused by this. He felt ashamed of himself and embarrassed but couldn't stop now, that would be even worse. Maybe he could ride it out. He delivered the final blow and then matter-of-factly rubbed her buttocks slightly to ensue the circulation returned quickly and the pain faded fast.

Jane was flush with embarrassment as the stinging pain in her rear faded to a dull throb. Her breathing was heavy and she could feel herself close to tears.

"Err thank you Jane, that will be all. I hope we can put this behind us and move on now" David said slightly uncertain of his own words, as he made his way back to his desk.

"....yes Mr Peterson", Jane whispered unevenly and quickly retrieved her jacket and hurried out of the office unable, even for a second, to make eye contact with him.

As she got back to her desk she was totally flustered and shaking with shock. Her tender backside throbbed slightly and the blood pumped through her body. But there was something else. She was soaking wet! Beneath her dark business suit trousers her knickers were completely wet through. Jane was totally shocked to realise that her body, at least, had found the spanking an intensely erotic experience. She shifted slightly in her chair and reached her hand down and briefly brushed herself between the legs. She was indeed damp and as soon as her finger brushed over her engorged clitoris a wave of pleasure ran through her body. 

Now she was really confused. She thought she had found the whole experience embarrassing and demeaning but her body was betraying this thought. Her face flushed again with embarrassment as her mind started to work through the dichotomy of emotions she was experiencing. Jane considered herself to be an experienced lover but had to admit that she had never tried any form of bondage or discipline before. What surprised her even more was the fact that she had always thought that if she did try any of that then it would be her taking the role of the dominant one. Instead she found herself as the submissive and apparently was enjoying it!


------

David sat behind his desk and stared blankly ahead into thin air. What had he just done? Had he really just spanked a grown woman? The answer to that question was most definitely yes. Had he just spanked his own P.A. Dave cringed and started to get nervous when he confirmed to himself that the answer to that question was definitely yes as well. What was he thinking? He must have been mad. This could be very bad. All sorts of things rushed through his mind as he considered the possibility of being hauled up on sexual harassment charges. 

David's heart rate soared as he considered the possible consequences of his actions. He could most definitely lose his job, possible face charges and what about his marriage. David was seriously starting to panic now. 

"Ok David", he soothed himself, "let's just calm down and think this through". He got up and walked to the water cooler to get himself a drink. He tried to rationalise the situation. He had been a little drunk, it was a very minor incident. If he apologised and explained then surely it could all be forgotten about. Maybe some sort of bonus or sweetener could be arranged as a peace offering.

He tried to convince himself that this was just another business deal, but couldn't think of another business deal that had made him so nervous. For that matter no other business deal had left him feeling ashamed but also extremely aroused at the same time. Dave groaned and decided it was time to eat some humble pie. He made his way back to his desk and reached for the intercom. He nearly jumped out of his skin when it buzzed....


------

Jane tried to focus on her work but was finding in very difficult to think about anything else other than what had happened. On the one hand she had just been sexually harassed and should walk out of this office now and not come back. On the other hand the burning sensation between her legs told her that she was going do no such thing until she had explored this further. From the tone of David's voice when she had left, he was in experiencing a certain amount of confusion and shock because of what he had done. For this reason she was convinced that there was no malice intended on his part and that he wasn't a sadist homicidal maniac who was gonna beat her to within an inch of her life. There were so many questions that needed answering but she needed more time to think. She wanted to leave the situation open and in her control before she left to go home. Somehow she needed to let David now that she wasn't going to go screaming rape, but on the other hand that she wasn't sure she wanted him thinking that she was now some sort of fuck-toy... at least she didn't think she did. She reached for the intercom.

------

"Yes Jane?", David responded to the buzzing intercom trying to keep his voice calm.

"Can I have a word Mr Peterson, Please?", Jane kept her voice light and friendly, "It won't take a second".

David paused slightly before answering, "err ok Jane, step in". David fussed and fidgety quickly trying to adopt a posture that suggested he was relaxed and calm.

The door opened and Jane walked calmly in. She stood before his desk hands crossed demurely in her lap and her head slightly bowed, her eyes staring at the surface of his desk.

"Look Jane...", David started to say but Jane was quick to cut him off; she wanted to lead on this one.

"Please, Mr Paterson, Sir, I just wanted to say thank you for being so firm with me earlier. I really appreciate it and I believe that administering me a spanking has served to act as a suitable and fitting punishment as well as a deterrent from it happening again. I know exactly where I stand now on the issue of punctuality." Jane never raised her eyes once but could tell from the silence that David was slightly taken aback.

David was speechless and if she had been looking at his face, Jane would have seen the total look of disbelief  that the open mouthed expression on his face clearly displayed.

Jane sneaked a quick peek at his face and fought hard to stop herself from breaking into a wide smile. She could feel the heat in her cheeks again. She hoped she hadn't thrown him too much as she desperately wanted him to  take back control of the situation and be masterful. Jane had realised that this was what she wanted. She wanted to try the submissive role and she wanted David to believe that he was really the dominant one, that way he would continue with conviction and passion.

Jane needed to break the silence. "It is 5.30, Sir. I am about to leave. Is there anything before I go?"

David snapped out of his stupor and quickly took the reins of the situation again. "No that will be all Jane.", he said with a firm but pleasant voice and then added, "I hope a lesson has been learnt here today Jane, and I hope that you think about it over the weekend and come to work on Monday ready to start anew."

"Yes Sir", Jane replied, "I will". Jane turned to leave and a sly smile crept across her face as she knew she would be thinking about her spanking a lot this weekend.

------

Jane did think about it a lot over the weekend. Alone in her bed, she closed her eyes and let her imagination replay the spanking over and over again as her fingers gently rubbed her throbbing clitoris. She tried to feel each of David's strokes, remembering the stinging pain spreading across her backside as she brought herself ever closer to orgasm. When she finally came it was with a ferocity the likes of which she had not experienced for a very long time. Afterwards she lay breathless and limp for a long time before she finally drifted off to sleep.

David, too, found his mind wandering to the situation on more that one occasion over the weekend, each time causing his heart to pound and his cock to twitch. Alarmingly, he could not get the image of Jane bending over his desk from his mind on Sunday evening as he and his wife made love. Afterwards, his wife commented on his unusual passion and intensity during their lovemaking that night. David had just smiled and assured her that it was her who had made him so horny when the truth was that he was lusting over the spanking he had given Jane.

------

Jane looked at her watch as she stood outside the office building. It was 8.36. Allowing for the walk to her office that would make her nine minutes late. She had been standing there for the best part of 10 minutes now, deciding whether or not to be late. There was no going back now, she was already late and knew that this would force the issue. Her heart was pumping hard and she could feel her nipples hardening in anticipation. 

She made her way into the building and towards her office, ready to face the music. She could feel a slight dampness already starting to form between her legs and hoped that it wasn't noticeable through her trousers. As she stepped into the outer office the intercom on her desk was already buzzing. She quickly through her bag to the floor and took her coat off, before lurching for the intercom .

"Yes Mr Peterson?", Jane said breathlessly.

"Can I see you in here now please Jane!". There was that voice again; stern and forceful. Jane practically went weak at the knees when she heard it.

"Right away Sir.", she responded and slipped off her suit jacket. She stopped just before opening the door and with a wicked smile undid the top two buttons on her blouse. She parted the neck slightly and looked at the result. Jane was more than amply endowed and knew this would expose a good amount of flesh to her boss.

She wiped the smile off her face, replaced it with one of apprehension and walked into David's office. She made her way over to his desk and stood before him with head slightly bowed.

David was, in some sense, furious that Jane was late again, but was also exhilarated at the prospect of maybe delivering another spanking. He tried to put this thought out of his mind as he stared at Jane before him. She was devastatingly attractive and, he could be wrong but, she seemed to be showing a bit of cleavage today as well. His cock twitched as he admired the swell of her full breasts and the inch or two of flesh that peeked out of the top of her blouse. He had spent the last couple of minutes rehearsing the whole speech in his head and knew that if he went to town enough and overplayed the importance of being punctual again he might get to spank her again.

"Jane, I am very disappointed in you.", David said and paused for a moment to let the words sink in. Before he had a chance to continue Jane spoke up.

"I am dreadfully sorry Mt Peterson...". She brought her gaze up slightly but avoided eye contact with David. "... I really did learn my lesson on Friday and I tried so hard this morning to be on time. I know how important punctuality is to you and that is why", she hesitated for a second before finishing, "... I am completely prepared to accept any punishment you decide to deliver.". With this Jane spread her legs slightly and bent at the waist placing her forearms and palms flat on the desk in front of him. She let her head lower to the desk in what she hope was a totally submissive pose.

As Jane bent over the desk David had glimpsed a fantastic view down the front of her blouse and could see her cleavage practically bursting out of it. David was quick to rally to the situation and knew for sure that he was now in control. He had suspected that Jane had in fact enjoyed the spanking on Friday and now his suspicions were confirmed.

David slowly stood up and made his way around the desk until he was standing at Jane's side where he was presented with the glorious view of this stunning blonde bending over his desk. Jane's pert bottom was sticking up in the air ready and waiting and her breasts hung down heavy even within the confines of her bra and blouse. David reached out his hand and saw that he was trembling slightly. He placed it firmly down on the small of her back and felt  her shudder at his touch.

"You will count as I deliver your punishment....is that clear?", David said as he brought his other hand up and rested it lightly on Jane's curvy bottom where he began to stroke it slowly.

"Yes Sir.", Jane replied in a hoarse whisper. The feel of his strong hands on her body was sending shivers of pleasure down her spine. The hand left her backside and for just a moment there was nothing... just an anticipation that exhilarated Jane. Then the suddenly stinging pain as David sent his hand down connecting with her right buttock. Jane jolted forward her breasts mashing into the desktop. Her breath forced from her lungs in a primal muffled groan. "uhhhh .....one", Jane managed to splutter as she felt the fire burning between her legs. She longed to slip her hand down and massage her pussy but she didn't dare.

A shot of adrenaline went screaming through David's body as he delivered the first blow to Jane's quivering backside. And then she spoke, as instructed, counting off the first of her punishment strokes. That was almost more exhilarating than actually delivering the blow and David's cock strained rigid against his trousers. He returned to massaging scolded cheek of her arse before again lifting his hand back and delivering an even harsher stroke; this time to her left cheek. Again he felt Jane lunge forward into the desk, her arms having slipped apart she was nearly face flat on the desk now and David marvelled at how her breasts were squashed under her own weight. How he yearned to touch them, to squeeze and pinch them, but he couldn't.

"Twwwwo!", Jane shrieked, panting heavily. She ground her hips in small circles as the pain of the second stroke started to fade to be replaced by a throbbing in her buttocks. Her breasts heaved and her pussy ached.

David pulled his hand from her pert bottom and briefly squeeze his cock, somehow trying to ease the pressure that had built up there. Of course this did noting to relieve his lust and he quickly resumed his task.

As he slapped her arse the third time a muffled 'Yes' escaped Jane's lips which she quickly covered by hissing 'three' into the mahogany of the desk. David left his hand on her backside and kneaded it's fullness for a moment. He could see the outline of her swollen sex through her trousers and slid his hand back slightly to briefly stroke its dampness. Jane moaned and pushed back against his hand. David quickly took his hand away and delivered a slap to her arse that resounded with such a crack that it startled him. Before Jane could even get her breath to report the count, David broke his rhythm and delivered another blow right across the middle of both her arse cheeks.

Jane was slowly losing control and she knew it. She could feel her orgasm hovering agonising close and knew that she would allow this man to do anything he wanted at this point. "Oh yes, punish me!", Jane exclaimed in rush of air.

"How many?", David barked.

Jane really couldn't remember and could not answer.

David slid his hand up and grabbed a handful of her long blonde hair and tugged her head up from the desk and hissed in her ear, "How Many?".

"Four!!", Jane shrieked and hoped it was right. The pleasure and pain mix was incredible, but she ached to be fucked and despite how open and extreme the situation was, she didn't feel she could bring herself to beg to be fucked yet, although inwardly that was exactly what she was doing.

Whilst still holding her head back by the hair, David delivered three quick strokes to her luscious arse, each causing Jane to whimper and shudder, and then she went completely rigid and tense for a moment. Her eyes tightly screwed together and her mouth open in orgasmic pleasure. David pulled tighter on Jane's hair and delivered one final last stroke to her arse that sent a jolt of pain right through the middle of Jane's orgasm causing it to intensify dramatically. 

After a few seconds Jane's whole body went limp and she nearly fell to the floor. David steadied her and straightened her upright.

Jane's head started to clear and she tried to put her hair back into some sort of order with little success. David was staring straight into her eyes, but she couldn't meet his gaze; a burning red flush enflaming her cheeks. She dropped her head and she stared at her feet, though she could hardly see her feet because of the front of David's trousers which were sticking out under the strain of his erection.

David realised she was staring at his cock and quickly turned away and walked back to his desk. "That will be all Jane and please don't let it happen again.".

Jane didn't understand what he meant at first but then dragged her consciousness back to the fact that there had actually been a pretext for the delicious spanking she had just received. "Yes Mr Peterson, I won't Mr Peterson.", she whispered and hurried quickly out of his office back to the sanctuary of her desk.

------

It took Jane the best part of a couple of hours to fully calm down and sort herself out. Her mind kept drifting back to the spanking she had received and the intense orgasm it had given her. Finally though she had managed to get her mind back on her work and regain her normal calm composure. Thankfully every time she had to interact with David about something or other he was always completely business like and showed no indication of what had happened earlier. This made the working day a lot easier for Jane, although her own mind was causing her to become distracted enough.

By the end of the day she was already planning how late she would be to work tomorrow and hoping that David would give her another spanking like today. She found herself wanting more too; wondering what his cock would feel like buried deep in her pussy or even in her ass. Jane had only ever once tried anal sex before and hadn't really enjoyed but decided to herself that if David wanted to fuck her in the arse then he could, just as long as he spanked her and humiliated her and made her feel like a slut. Jane was shocked at her own thoughts, but exhilarated to be discovering a seemingly new side to her personality.

------

As Jane drove to work the next morning, she knew she was going to be late. Even if she had wanted to be on time she wouldn't have been this morning. The roadworks on the main road saw to that. As she sat in her car stuck behind a line of cars leading to the temporary traffic lights, her nipples started to tingle. She shifted in her seat and her short skirt rode up  around her thighs a little more. Jane had decided to wear the skirt this morning so that if she was late, hopefully, David would be more tempted to spank her bare arse and who knows where things might lead then. 

Jane let a hand slip down between her legs as the traffic continued to crawl along and gently massage her clitoris under her skirt. She was quite damp already and was glad that she had taken the precaution of slipping an extra pair of knickers into her bag this morning. She eased the crotch of her thong to one side and slipped a finger into her pussy whilst dreamily imagining David punishing her again.

A blast from the horn of the car behind brought her out of her dream world and she noticed that the traffic had eased up and there was a patch of clear road ahead of her. She reluctantly yanked her hand from between her legs and drove on towards the office.

It was 8.45 by the time she had found a parking space and was rushing through the corridors of the office building. She was aware that her breasts were bouncing around rather obscenely as she hurried along. She had chosen to wear a slightly more seductive top today and had left off a bra altogether. The tight lycra top made her large breasts bulge and created a good amount of cleavage. She kept her coat close to her chest as she made her way to the executive office suite, aware that her hard nipples were sticking through the thin material of her top.

As she got into the suite she immediately made her way to David's office, not wanting to hold off any longer. She knocked on the door and walked straight in when David beckoned her to do so.

"Sorry I am late Mr Peterson, the traffic was terrible this morning.". Jane dropped her bag to the floor and let her coat slip from her shoulders. She noticed a glint in David's eye as he took in the sight before his eyes. 

David stared lustfully at Jane standing on the other side of the desk. She was wearing a black tight skirt that only came down to the middle of her thighs and a white top that was very tight and very revealing. Combined with a pair of fairly high black heels that caused her legs and back to arch slightly, her hair was pulled back into a ponytail making the overall effect devastating. David said nothing for a full minute while he tried to decide what to do. He could see Jane shifting uneasily but wanted to let her squirm a bit longer. She hadn't seemed very sorry at all about being late this morning. She was obviously hoping to get another spanking. David wanted desperately to spank her, to bend her over and slide that skirt up over her thighs to reveal..... what? David wondered what she was wearing under there. Suddenly David realised he was in a position of power and didn't need to wonder about these things.

"Turn round and bend over.", David said with a stern voice while keeping his face blank and non-emotive.

Jane's heart fluttered as she realised it was starting. She quickly did as she was told and turned so her back was towards him, She bent over at the waist, resting her hands on her knees as there was nothing else to lean on.

As she bent over her skirt rose tantalisingly around her thighs, but not quite high enough for David to see what was underneath. 

"Pull your skirt up.", he called to her and watched with heart pounding and cock hardening as Jane slipped her skirt over her hips to reveal that she was wearing a black thong that disappeared invitingly between her cheeks. David could see her pussy bulging out of the garment at the top of her thighs. His hardness strained at his trousers and he ached to take it out and stroke it.

Jane did her best to look as sexy as possible, keeping her legs straight and arching her back so that her backside was pushed high in the air. She heard David's chair move back and her pussy tingled as she realised he was making his way around the desk towards her. She let her head hang loose down and tried not to make a sound in order to work out where he was and what he was doing. The hairs stood up on the back of her neck as she felt him enter her personal space and come to a stop beside her. 

A small silent gasp escaped her lips as she felt his hand touch down lightly on her rump and begin to massage the fullness of her cheeks. His touch felt gentle but firm and powerful at the same time. His hands continued to smooth over her rear pausing only to inch her skirt just a little higher. Jane felt them slide down over her arse and onto the tops of her thighs agonisingly close to her sex which ached for his touch. She closed her eyes and allowed herself to sink into the delicious feeling of excitement and anticipation as his caress continued.

And then, suddenly, his hands were gone. Jane's heart pounded hard as she waited for the onslaught of the pain that she had found herself craving lately... but it didn't come. There was nothing; no pain, no movement from David and no sound except the pounding of her blood in her ears as it surged around her body. Still the emptiness continued and Jane felt suddenly very vulnerable in her current position, but she did not dare turn round for fear of killing the moment. 

Finally Jane heard a slight sound and sensed that David had moved, left her side and was walking around behind her. Her legs began to tremble slightly as the feeling of anticipation and 'Not-knowing' grew. Her body elicited a tiny spasm as she again felt his hands on her; this time on her hips. From the feel of it, David was standing directly behind her. She felt his hands slide from her hips over her waist  and along her sides. As his hands slowly moved higher she felt David step in to her and his body pressed against her backside. She could feel the hardness of his manhood straining against his trousers as it nudged into the top of her thighs. 

David's fingers spread wider as they reached the side of her breasts and then they slid down under her body and firmly grabbed her. Jane moaned as she felt his strong hands massage and squeeze her firm tits. He thrust against her slightly as he caressed her and occasionally caught her nipples between his fingers. Jane pressed back against his hardness urging him on; willing him to take her, have his way, do whatever he wanted...use her!

But his hands retreated, back onto her sides and then on down to her backside again. Once  more Jane felt a sudden void as his hands left her and he stepped back away from her. She moaned in frustration and tried to move her body back, searching him out, but a firm hand landed on her back and made it clear that she was not to move. Jane relaxed again, resigned to the fact that she was no longer in control of this situation. She heard David move away but couldn't work out where he was going. Then she heard the squeak of a wheel on his chair and the soft escapee of air from the padded seat as he sat on his leather chair. Silence descended on the room again. Each second that passed seemed to last for at least 10 as Jane awaited her fate. 

"Thank you Jane, that will be all, please return to your desk and start work.", David's voice cut into the silence finally.

Jane's eyes snapped open and she paused for a second, not quite believing what he was saying. She then stood up, pushing her skirt back into place and turned to him with a look of disappointment and frustration.

"But Mr Peterson, I have broken your rules, I need to be punished.", Jane blurted aware that she sounded like a little schoolgirl. David said nothing and Jane was left standing there feeling very confused and humiliated. she had just offered herself to him completely and he had turned her down. She was reluctant to give up but floundered for what to do or say. "B-but how will I ever learn, Sir, if I go unpunished?". Jane knew that she was appearing desperate, but inwardly couldn't deny the fact that she was.

"If I decide to punish you,", David finally spoke, "it will be when and how I choose. Now please return to your desk..... I need that report in done by 10 o'clock.". As he said this, David dropped his eyes to his desk and started to sift through some papers.

Jane stared at him in open mouthed desperation for a second and then realising that she could do nothing to alter the situation dropped her head in resignation. "Yes Mr Peterson, right away sir". The disappointed dripped from her voice as she turned, collected her things and left his office.

------

As soon as Jane had left the office, David dropped the papers he had been leafing through, sighed and leaned back in his chair. How the hell he had managed to get through that he did not know. He felt massively powerful, that was for sure, but fighting the desire to spank Jane had been very difficult. He knew he could have used her anyway he wanted to just then; spank her, fuck her, shove his cock in her mouth or even more degrading things, but he wanted to be sure that she realised that he had absolute control.

He knew in his mind that before the day was out, Jane would get her spanking and probably fucked too, but he wanted to build the sexual tension more first. Besides, sad as it seemed, he really did need that report finishing by 10 and as amazing as the prospect of spanking Jane was, he couldn't let it get in the way of work; there was too much to lose.

------

Jane stood before the mirror and adjusted her hair and makeup. Her whole body still yearned to be pleasured even now, over three hours later. She was standing in the private bathroom that lead off the executive office suite. She had gone back to her desk earlier, senses enflamed and every nerve in her body tingling, but she had tried to focus and get the report done. She had hammered through it and when, finally, David had signed it off he had smiled at her pleasantly as if nothing had happened this morning. Jane sighed. She knew she was so completely in his power, in all senses of the word. 

Jane had calmed down enough now to be able to stop thinking about it every second and had resigned herself to the fact that David would do as he saw fit with her. She felt confident that David knew she would be prepared to do pretty much anything he wanted and just had to be content with the fact that the ball was well and truly in his court now. 

Suddenly the room was plunged into darkness. Jane froze and tried to listen for any sounds. It was probably just a power cut or something she thought and knew that if it was then the backup generators would take over in a minute. The door behind her opened quickly and then closed again. Jane realised that her eyes had been closed and therefore she hadn't seen who had opened the door. She could sense a difference in the air... someone had stepped into the room. Her heart quickened and adrenaline started to flood her body. She felt afraid; unusually afraid of the dark; suddenly afraid to be in a room with another person.

"Hello?". Jane's voice was high and trembled slightly, "Is there someone here?".

"Do not be afraid.", a voice said behind her. Jane knew that voice; could tell that voice anywhere. The stern, power laced voice belonged to David and suddenly her fear diminished dramatically to be replaced by excitement. She felt the air move around her slightly and guessed that he was walking towards her. She held her breath and listened to her own heart beat as it started to pound in her ears. Her nipples tingled slightly as he grew closer and she could feel a familiar wetness beginning to form between her legs. She was suddenly shocked when she felt something covering her eyes and in reflex started to reach her hands up. She realised it was a blindfold and relaxed as the material snaked around her head and was tied tightly underneath her ponytail. 

David's hands smoothed the material one more time over her eyes and then slipped down her body until Jane felt his hands rest on hers. She shaking a little as he slowly pulled on her hands causing her to turn round and face him. He took hold tightly of her hands and brought them up and together so she stood with her arms stretch out with her palms touching each other. His hands disappeared again and Jane shifted uneasily from foot to foot. They returned and Jane felt the fabric of a thin rope being coiled around her wrists. Her nipples instantly hardened as she realised what he was doing. Over and over the rope coiled around her wrists until eventually it was pulled tight and tied securely. 

Jane heard the door open and she was lead by the wrists out of the bathroom. Her heart skipped a beat, as she knew she was entering a part of the offices which other people could wander into and felt panicky at the thought of being seen. David brought her to a stop and then she felt his hands on her shoulders. He roughly spun he round in a complete circle. Again he did it, and again and again until Jane lost count and started to feel very dizzy. Finally he stopped and Jane felt very unsteady on her feet. She was breathing heavily and feeling very disorientated.

David lead her through a door and then they walked a few paces, all the time Jane clung to David's arm for support. She was very nervous about where they were going but also exhilarated at being so completely in the charge of another person. They went through a further door and then David spun her round again. A few paces further forward and they went through yet another door. The sound never seemed to change much and Jane really had no idea where she was or where she was being taken. Through another door and a few paces forward and Jane could definitely feel a change in the environment of this place. There was a warm breeze coming from somewhere and...people....Jane could hear people. 

Her heart raced as she strained to hear better. There was definitely a mumbling of voices from somewhere. It seemed to be coming from more than one direction. Jane felt very nervous.

"W-w-what is going...", Jane started to say but was silenced by David's voice in her ear, "No talking!".

Jane bit her lip and tried to fight the anxiety that was building inside her. David released her hands and she let them fall into her lap and stood silently. Thoughts raced through Jane's head. Who was in the room? Where was she? Where was the breeze coming from; she must be outside, or at least near an open door or window; on a balcony maybe. What is he going to do? How well did she really know him? Could she trust him? Amongst all this Jane realised that despite all these questions and her anxieties, she was still standing here with a blindfold on and her hands tied. She could, if she wanted, lift her hands and remove the blindfold, but she didn't... Why? The quivering in her hands told her that it was because she was nervously excited as well as anxious. 

Once again she felt his hands on her. Both hands landed lightly on her shoulders and hung there for a second before moving slowly down her arms. The sides of his palms brushed against the side of her breasts and a shiver of arousal went through her body. The hands made their way fully onto her breasts and moulded their shape. Jane relaxed slightly and let the feeling wash over her, although she was still very aware that there were other people in the room. His fingers brushed her nipples and then grasped each one between thumb and finger, squeezing slightly causing her mouth to open silently and her head to rock back.

The hands moved down, leaving her breasts heaving, and moved down over her bound hands to her hips. They grasped her hips tightly and spun Jane round so that she was facing the other way, One strong hand rested in the centre of her back and pushed gently, causing Jane to bend over slowly. David's hands were immediately on her behind, rubbing and squeezing the cheeks sending a rush of blood around Jane's body that manifested itself in a flush to her face. Jane was really not sure about this. A spanking was one thing, but a public spanking was quite another. 

The sound of mumbling voices grew louder as David moved his hands to the hem of her tight skirt and started to slide it up her thighs.

"No...no...please?", Jane whimpered, "Not like this...the others..." Jane was so torn between the anxiety and humiliation she was feeling mixed in with the anticipation of feeling David's hand pounding against her arse, delivering the spanking she craved.


"I said no talking.", came the reply from David in a soft but firm voice.

The skirt was completely over he hips now and her arse was exposed to the eyes of David as well as anyone else's eyes who were in the room. His hands moved back onto her arse cheeks and slid down towards the top of her thighs. Jane whimpered in both desire and pleading to stop the humiliation, but David did not stop. His hand continued on and into the gap at the top of her thighs where it cupped her sex and rubbed her swollen pussy lips and protruding clitoris through the material of her thong. Jane moaned with lust. At last, the feel of his touch as she had longed for all day, but still she was afraid; deeply embarrassed and afraid.

The hand quickly left her pussy and her head shot back as she felt the pain shoot through her as it slammed down against her backside. A warm tingling coursed through her veins and the heat in her buttocks started to build.

"No....don't!", she tried to mumble but it was such a feeble protest that Jane herself knew that she had resigned herself to the humiliation and degradation of a public beating.

The hand left her and was immediately back with a crack, and then another followed in quick succession which caused Jane to pant open mouth and stumble forward slightly. She blindly reached down to steady herself and felt the floor meet her hands. She balled her bound hands into fists and pushed them into the soft carpet bracing herself for the next blow.

It came quickly and with a loud slap.

"Ohhhh yes.....thank you sir.", Jane deliriously panted as the fire in her pussy burned. His hands were rubbing her arse cheeks and one slipped down to her pussy again. It roughly pulled aside the thin material o her thong and  dove for her aching hole.  A gasp escaped Jane's lips and she threw her head as she felt the finger plunge deep into her sending streams of pleasure through her.

The next blow came while the finger was still embedded in her and the mixture of pleasure and pain soared to a level not reached before. Jane thought she would collapse but desperately wanted to stay upright and receive more.

Another,  another and yet another vicious blow stung against her left cheek as the finger slowly pumped in and out of her. Then the finger was gone and Jane whimpered at the loss. But now there was something else nudging between her legs. She widened her stance slightly in anticipation of maybe two finger entering her. But it wasn't two fingers. Jane hissed a 'Yes' and thrust her hips back as she realised she could feel the swollen head of David's cock nudging at her opening.

"Yes.....do it.....fuck me sir....use me, fuck me like a slut in front of all these people... I don't care anymore....just don't stop.". Jane was so close to orgasm she was almost delirious with lust.

Her pussy and clitoris exploded as his cock thrust deep into her in one movement and stayed there buried to the hilt. Jane felt completely full, more full than she had ever felt, but clamoured for more. David withdrew his cock almost to the tip and then plunged into her again. Gradually  the slow deliberate thrusts became a rhythm, banging into her with a great force and a steadily building pace.

Jane panted open mouthed and grunted each time the large member impaled her. A sting of pain reamed through her backside as she felt David's hand slap her hard. Again he slapped her whilst he continued to pump his erect cock into her with a furious pace. His other hand shot forward and caught her long ponytail tightly in his grasp. Jane jerked her head back as he pulled sharply on her hair which sent millions of tiny pleasurable pain signals from the scalp of her head through her body and mashed with the throbbing heat in her pussy. Her orgasm started to explode from deep within her as she felt David furiously hammer his shaft into her, his thighs slapping loudly against her arse. On and on the pulsing orgasm ripped through her body and just when she thought it was subsiding she felt the heat as David started to cum, pumping his seed deeply into her. Her orgasm renewed its intensity as he continued to milk every last drop into her, slowing his pace to a steady thrusting.

Jane felt the cum overflow out of her pussy and start to run down her thighs. She felt the sweat beading on her back. She felt the tears welling up in her eyes as she came back down to earth with the realisation of what she had just done and collapsed off his cock into a heap on the floor.

As Jane lay there for a couple of seconds the tears running down her cheek in a mixture of humiliation, deep satisfaction and sheer exhaustion she suddenly heard the voices disappear. She was puzzled by this and lifted herself to her elbows. David was behind her and she felt his hands untying the blindfold. She squinted as the darkness disappeared and the bright light flooded into her eyes. As her eyes slowly began to focus she realised that she was in David's office and there was noone else there except David.

She turned her head towards him and looked into his eyes with a questioning look.

"Where did they all go?" she whispered.

"There was never anyone here Jane....just you and me." he replied smiling..

"But the voices?", Jane was confused.

"Just a sound file I download and looped it around..... I might harbour a tendency to punish and mildly humiliate, but I am not a total sadistic arsehole." He said playfully.

Jane suddenly realised it had all be a charade simply to make her believe she was being publicly humiliated. The warm breeze came from a fan by an open window. The tears welled up again; this time with relief. She buried her head in David's chest.

"I have never felt that way before.", she mumbled, "so intense, so charged.....it was incredible".

David didn't say anything but merely held her close and smiled for a moment.

"I am afraid, though, Jane that we are going to have to find you other employment. I think we will both agree that we can't really work effectively together with this sort of intensity between us.", David said.

Jane pulled away from him and struggled to wipe the tears from her eyes with her still bound hands. She sighed and sagged slightly. David leant over to untie her hands

"I suppose you are right.", Jane said, "...not after today".

"I have lots of contacts around.... I am sure one of them will be happy to see you, you were over-qualified to be a P.A. anyway....it is the least I can do.", then after a short pause, "Maybe we could still meet up once in a while and .....well you know". For the first time Jane saw David blush slightly and become furtive.

She smiled broadly and turned to him as he finally removed the rope from her wrists and simply said, "Maybe.".

END