Sophie's Medical Experiment
by allmydirtylilsecrets

Sophie agrees to model for medical students.

Sophie had been struggling to pay rent lately, so when she saw an ad for a medical study that paid 2500$, she didn't hesitate before applying.

Upon arriving, some lawyers had her signing documents. Being extremely naïve, she barely read the 15 pages before signing them.

After that, she was asked to change into a medical gown and was then led into another room. In there sat about 20 young male students all facing what seemed to be an examination table. An older man in scrubs was standing next to it.

"Let's start. Today we have been blessed with a live model to help us study the female anatomy," he said.

Sophie started to get scared, what would he to do to her in front of all these men? But strangely enough, part of her also got a little excited, although she couldn't admit it to herself.

"Today we will pay close attention to the female reproductive system and the female arousal," he continued.

Maybe I should have read all those legal documents after all she thought, as her heartbeat fastened. Somehow though, she felt a small tingling in her panties.

"Our model here is named Sophie, she has agreed to model naked for us and to let us manipulate her body." He continued, "Why don't you take off your gown and come sit on table, Sophie?"

Part of her considered running away right this instant. But she thought back to the money she desperately needed and decided she was confident enough in her own body to get through this. She took off the gown, keeping her panties on and sat on the table. All 20 students were staring at her bare chest.

"We shall start by examining the breasts," he said as he put one of his gloved hand on her right breast.

He started massaging it softly, avoiding her nipple. She couldn't help but think it felt nice. He was making slow circular movements starting from the outside of her breasts and slowly getting closer to her nipple without actually touching it.

"The breasts are one of the many erogenous zones of the female body, can any of you name some other ones?" he asked.

As he kept slowly massaging her chest, alternating from one boob to another, students started raising their hands. The first answers were the vagina and the clitoris. And then the neck, the thighs, the lips, and finally the anus were also mentioned. "Excellent," said the teacher. "We will learn about a lot of these today, but now back to the breasts"

"The nipples are the most sensitive part of the breasts. When exposed to the cold they get harder and bigger just like Sophie's right now," he said. "They also get stiff when a woman is aroused. Today we will study how the size of the nipples can increase upon stimulation."

She then felt a ruler being placed against her nipple. "At rest, her nipples protrude by 3 millimeters," he said.

Students took notes as they stared at her nipples.

"I will now start the stimulation."

With a hand on each breast, he then started making slow soft circles that started on the outside of her breasts and got tighter and tighter until he was circling both her nipples with his fingers without actually touching the tips.

"As you can see, I have managed to make them stand out quite significantly," he then measured them again with the tiny ruler. "They now protrude by 5 millimetres," he said.

"I will now continue stimulation in hopes of getting them even bigger," he said as went back to circling her nipples slowly until finally he pressed his index on both.

Sophie let out a tiny moan. He then very lightly squeezed them between his thumbs and fingers. Sophie felt her pussy tingle intensely when he did so.

"When pinching a women's nipple, it is extremely important to start off very slowly and then go harder when her arousal builds up," he said.

He started slowly rolling her nipples between his thumbs and fingers. At that point, Sophie felt her pussy getting wet.

"Sophie's breathing has accelerated; this usually is a sign of arousal. I will now increase the stimulation," he said.

He started lightly pinching her nipples, before going back to rolling them around, and then he put the tip of one index on each of her nipples and moved them around in different directions. Her hardened buttons moved from side to side as he did so. Although part of her was still in denial of the situation she was in, she couldn't deny how incredible that felt.

For a few minutes, he alternated between pinching, rolling, pressing, flicking and pulling her nipples, his actions getting slowly harder. In the end, he was pinching her nipples pretty hard and every time he did so, Sophie could feel her clit throb.

"Let's take the final measurement," even the ruler against her nipple felt amazing. "7 millimeters," he said.

"Now I will make sure you guys were listening well. Each of you will have exactly 30 seconds to stimulate her breasts. If you've listened well, her nipples should stay stiff and her heartbeat should increase. Sophie if you feel any discomfort, you should say so because it will probably mean someone wasn't listening," he explained.

What kind of mess had she gotten herself into, Sophie asked herself. Was this even legal? But it didn't even matter because the nipple stimulation had left her craving some more. The arousal was slowly winning over the shame that was fading away.

The first student came up, he was surprisingly gentle, but his technique was not nearly as arousing as the teacher's. The 30 seconds were over fast and the second student came up.

He was pretty rough. Sophie said so and the teacher asked him to stop. The third student managed to get her arousal back up by rolling her nipples around softly just like the teacher had done. The other students came up, most of them turned her on, some hurt her, but her arousal only kept getting stronger.

One student made her pussy wet in an instant. He firmly grabbed both of her breasts with all of his hands and slowly brought back his thumbs and fingers to their center to meticulously play with her nipples while massaging her breasts. The 30 seconds disappeared in a flash. Sophie was horny as fuck.

By the end of this her panties were drenched. She was dreading what would inevitably come next. Everyone would know the effect they had on her. Just as she was thinking so, the teacher asked her to take off her panties.

He them pulled out stirrups from the sides of the table and asked her to put her feet in it.

"Shit's getting real," she thought.

She put her feet in the stirrups and she felt her lips open up a little as her spread swollen wet pussy was being exposed to 21 men. He asked her to bring her bottom closer to edge and then he spread the stirrups even wider. She was spread wide open and everyone was staring right at her most private area.

"As you can see Sophie shaves her pubic hair, this is good since it will give you a clearer view," he said. "All right, first off I want Jeremy to show us he's not a good for nothing. Come up here"

Jeremy was one of the students who had hurt her earlier. The teacher gave Jeremy a pointer stick with a rubber tip.

"Using this, I will ask you to draw circles around different parts of the female body. Draw at least 5 circles per part so your fellow students can see properly," he explained.

"First off can you show us the mons pubis," he asked.

Jeremy made slow circles on the top of her pussy, lightly passing right above her clit every time. It felt amazing.

"Now the labia majora," asked the teacher.

Jeremy circled her entire pussy, letting the pointer run over her bare lip past her vagina and back to the other lip and so on.

This was driving Sophie crazy.

The teacher let this go on a little longer before saying, "The labia minora now."

Jeremy put the pointer on her labia that was poking out, slowly went up to her clit then back to her vagina. He probably made 15 circles going from labia to clit to labia to vagina before the teacher stopped him. During this, Sophie had let out some moans against her will.

"Amazing" said the teacher." Now, can you show us the vagina?" he asked.

She felt the pointer draw circles around her entrance. A lot of wetness had accumulated down there and as result the tip of the pointer was gliding smoothly in fast little circles. This again made her arousal grow. The need for an orgasm was building and her clit longed for touch.

"Show us her anus," asked the teacher.

The pointer left her vagina and the circles around her puckered hole started. Her wetness had dripped down her crack and the pointer was gliding again. She was surprised at how good that felt since she had never done anal play before.

And then at last she heard him say, "The clitoris, now."

The pointer started a circle around her clit and Sophie let out a moan instantly.

"You will not be surprised to hear that this is the most sensitive part of the human body," said the teacher with a smirk.

The circles continued and Sophie was going crazy. She felt as if she could cum just from this. She felt the start of an orgasm build up inside of her. Her pussy kept getting wet, her vagina started throbbing.

Jeremy got bolder and made the circles as small as he could, by then Sophie was trying her best not to moan, biting her lower lip and panting loudly. She could cum, she could feel it.

"All right that's enough," said the teacher.

Jeremy stopped and Sophie was left spread open and desperate for release as a group of men stared intensely at her wet and engorged pussy.

"I'm very impressed Jeremy, you can go back to your seat," he said. "I will now teach you about all of these different parts, the labia majora are usually covered with hair. I will now check for any abnormalities."

He then started gently squeezing her pussy lips. It felt more like a sensual massage then a medical exam. He proceeded to pull both lips outwards spreading her wide open and exposing her wet hole to the students.

"By spreading her like this we can properly see her labia minora. Sophie's are quite wet and swollen, this usually happens during arousal," he explained.

The shame that had almost fully left came back when Sophie realised just how obvious it was, she enjoyed this. He started massaging and pulling her pink lips softly. Sophie's clitoris was begging to be touched. At that point it is all she could think about.

"Although the anus is not part of the reproductive system, it is still one of the female's erogenous zones. Watch Sophie's reaction as I stimulate hers," he said.

Wetness kept dripping from her pussy down to her butt crack. He started drawing circles around her tiny whole and eventually pushing the tip of a finger in. He kept going in and out going slightly deeper every time. Sophie was breathing loudly, her vagina pulsating.

"A stranger is fingering my asshole in front of some more strangers and I'm loving this, what the fuck is wrong with me?" she thought.

"As you can see, Sophie seems to be aroused by this. Now let's get back to the reproductive system and one of its most important parts: the vagina. During intercourse, if a woman is aroused, the vagina lubricates and extends allowing the penis to glide in easily. Since Sophie seems to be, I will demonstrate just how easy it can be to slide fingers in if a woman is stimulated properly," said the teacher.

And with no further warnings, he slipped two fingers inside of her. The surprise made Sophie moan loudly.

"As you've just heard, penetration is usually very pleasant to women. But what's even more pleasant is the stimulation of the g spot. Can anyone tell me what the g spot is?" he asked.

"It's a spongious tissue that is inside of the vagina and that is directly connected to the clitoris," said one student.

"Excellent. If stimulated properly, the g spot can cause a woman to squirt. I will demonstrate," answered the teacher.

He curled up his fingers inside of her and rapidly moved them against her g spot. Sophie had finally lost her mind. She was squirming and moaning, completely oblivious to anything around her. Only focusing on the intense orgasm building up inside her, and at last she felt herself explode.

She screamed loudly while her body exploded in the most beautiful sensation. Her body shook for almost a minute before she came back to her senses. That's when she noticed the intense wetness that was dripping on her thighs and her crack. She had squirted, and a lot.

This was her first vaginal orgasm. She felt a towel being rubbed against her as the teacher wiped her and the simple pressure of the towel on her clit was enough to send her over the edge again. The orgasm was smaller this time.

She opened her eyes and remembered where she was. The students were staring at her wide eyed. A huge wave of shame washed over her, now that the arousal was going away, she realised just how crazy this all was. How did she even let this happen?

"We will now take a break to allow Sophie to calm down a little bit. Sophie for the next part of the exam I need your arousal state to be very low. Do you think you can do that?" he asked.

She felt her face grow red as she said yes. The students started leaving the class and she was handed a glass of water.

Should she ask to leave, she wondered. How far would this go? But yet again her need for money and orgasms took over.

______________________________________________________________________________

Sophie was asked to put her feet in the stirrups again and the class continued.

"We will now demonstrate the growth of the clitoris while stimulated just like we did for the nipple. I will measure the tip of the clitoris that peaks out of the hood at a low arousal state," said the teacher.

She felt his fingers spread her open. The cold tiny ruler against her clit made her jump.

"2 millimetres. I will now proceed to stimulation in hopes of getting it bigger," he said.

The teacher lubed his fingers and soon after that she felt her clitoral hood being trapped by two fingers. He started gently jerking her clit.

He pulled down her hood fully and said, "Come closer to take a proper look at the clitoris glans, the most important part of female pleasure."

They all stood around very closely and stared for a minute as the teacher exposed her clit while very discreetly stimulating it.

"Back to your seats now," he said.

She then felt a finger being dragged from her vagina to her clit. It started drawing circles on her clit, before going back down to her vagina, dipping in this time, and then going back up to her clit to rub it up and down.

Sophie felt herself get wetter and wetter has she tried to hide her moans. She realised that yet again she couldn't hide her arousal from them.

The finger was going faster, and Sophie had almost given up on trying to hide. And then he stopped, leaving her needing more.

He pulled out the ruler and said, "4 millimeters."

"I have an idea on how to get it even bigger, it usually wouldn't work but I have a feeling Sophie's different. As we did for her nipples, each of you will have 30 seconds to come and stimulate her clitoris. You must put lube on and remember to be gentle," he continued.

The first boy came up and started drawing circles on her clit. It stopped too fast for Sophie's liking. The other had an up and down technique that made her legs shake. By the fourth student, Sophie was already on the verge of orgasm. They all had slightly different techniques yet they all turned her on. Since she was so wet and horny even the rough ones felt amazing.

Towards the end she got really close to coming but the timer always rang first. During the last ones she actually got frustrated. When it was over her body was on fire. She had never felt this much need before.

"Good job everyone," said the teacher as she felt the ruler against her clit and moaned. "6 millimetre. Impressive results. For the last lesson today we will study the female orgasm. For this I will need 8 students to come up here," he continued.

He then gave each of them a body part to play with. One of the students would play with her hair and neck. Two others would work on her breasts. Another would massage her thighs. One would keep her pussy spread open. And then students were assigned to her clitoris, her vagina and her anus.

"Before we start, remember the importance of being gentle, starting softly and then going harder," he said.

He asked the student who had been assigned the vagina, "Do you think we need lubricant or is Sophie producing enough natural on her own?"

The student dipped a finger in making Sophie moan. "No sir," they answered.

He then asked the clitoris and anus students to dip their fingers inside her vagina to get them wet.

"I will time how long it takes until she orgasms. You can start now," he said.

All the students started caressing her. The sensation was surreal. They seemed to all avoid her most sensitive spots and instead simply circle around them. This slow teasing made by so many hands at the same time had her dripping to the floor. It was so good.

They were drawing circles around her butthole, her vagina and her clit. Then they started playing with her nipples, pinching and twisting them. Not long after that she felt the tip of finger being pushed inside her asshole.

She was already on the edge again. This went on for a minute or two before the two students shared a knowing look. She then felt fingers being pushed inside her and at the same time a thumb being pressed on her clit. She came instantly, screaming and shaking.

"2 minutes and 12 seconds," said the teacher.

The end.