Thia Comes Clean
by Thiagawr

Thia Comes Clean Pt. 01

Thia gives our friend Barry quite a surprise!

My wife Thia and I have, for several years, spent our holidays self-catering in the Scottish Highlands with our friend Barry. We've all known each other since our teens, but Barry has never really seen Thia anything other than fully, comfily dressed. On this particular evening, however, fate intervened to change this situation quite considerably...

On the evening in question, we had just returned from dinner at a local restaurant and, as was our usual practice, once back at the holiday house, Barry immediately headed off to the television to catch up on Wimbledon highlights, while Thia went upstairs for her bath. I can't remember what I did on this particular evening, but I usually read some car magazines in the lounge with Barry, or I might have taken a stroll in the garden and down to the side of the loch.

Once in front of the television, not much except the brief lure of the kitchen could take Barry from it. Generally, we would delay discussion of the day just completed and the one still to come until Thia had come down from having her bath, which was usually after about an hour.

However, on this occasion, Barry had some reason or other to leave the lounge and go upstairs. The staircase was a dark, wooden affair, centrally located in the hall and with a deep red, patterned carpet forming a strip up the middle. This style of decor and a lack of windows on the landing meant the view up the stairs was normally quite dark, but as Barry reached the bottom of the stairs, he could see that they and the landing were illuminated by light coming from one of the upstairs rooms.

Dashing up the stairs to fetch whatever it was he needed, he saw that the source of the light was the main bathroom, where Thia took her bath most evenings (our en-suite having only a shower). The door was wide open and Barry could hear a radio, the voices from it being not quite fully audible as the volume was turned well down.

Assuming that Thia had finished her bath and gone to the bedroom, he didn't think much of it, continuing across the landing towards his own bedroom. However, as he did so, he heard the unmistakable sounds of someone moving about in the bathwater and realised Thia must still be there. He returned to the bathroom door.

Although the door was wide open, the view straight ahead through it was of the toilet. The taps end of the bath was adjacent to this to the right, while the nearest end of the bath was almost tucked behind the open door and therefore partially obscured from his view, but as he looked into the room, he could see the foamy (far too much bubble bath is a Thia hallmark) bathwater sloshing about at the bottom end, and then Thia's feet and the lower part of her legs appearing briefly above the foam as she sat down in the bath after standing, raising her legs for a moment after doing so.

Momentarily transfixed, he wonders if she realises that she's left the door open - when lying in the bath, it's behind her left shoulder.

He gives a light, double knock upon the door and asks, "Are you okay, Thia?" by way of indicating the situation.

There's a sudden splosh as Thia submerges herself beneath the bubbles.

"Yes, fine thanks."

"Did you know the door is open?"

"Yes, I know. It's okay. I always do that. The water's very hot and I need to let the steam out."

"I can see that," Barry continues, as the humidity assails him in the doorway. "That must be absolutely scalding!"

"Ha ha. I like it that way."

Now feeling a little bit emboldened, Barry steps a tiny way into the room. How exciting... Thia will be naked in the bath, right in front of him! Disappointingly, he immediately discovers that he can't benefit from that fact, because the room is filled with steam and furthermore, apart from her head, Thia herself is hidden underneath a thick layer of bubbles. (For someone who has always been very cost conscious, it's amazing how extravagant Thia is when it comes to hot bathwater and bubble bath!) Not only that, but moments later, his glasses are misted with condensation.

"It's like a sauna in here!" he exclaims as the full effect of the heat and humidity hits him. Thia laughs in reply and says, "I know. James can't stand it! But I'm used to it; it's how I like it. That's why I need the door open."

"Aren't you worried that someone - well that would be me I suppose - might see you in the bath?" Barry asks.

"No, not really. 'If you don't want to see, don't look!', as James would say." (Thia's reply is very illustrative of her perspective on this sort of thing - she sees the potential for embarrassment as being applicable to the onlooker, much more than to herself.)

Surprised and rather delighted at this nonchalant attitude and at not having been asked to leave, Barry immediately decides to capitalise on the fact and asks, "Can I talk to you for a minute?" realising as he does so that he has no idea what to talk about and can barely see.

"Yes," comes the straightforward reply.

However, despite his strong desire to stay, he now realises that the humidity is going to be impenetrable and reluctantly changes tack: "I'll come back in a few minutes, when it might be less humid."

"Oh, okay. I'll be done washing myself in a minute and I'll cool the water down a little bit then anyway."

Five or so minutes later, he returns and finds that conditions have greatly improved; he can now see, for example (as long as he wipes his glasses occasionally), and even breathe, although the atmosphere is still quite stifling.

"Is it okay for me to stay and talk to you?" he asks.

"Yes, okay, but can you turn off the radio for me?"

He does as requested and then sits down on the toilet seat, at the far end of the bath and right next to it, so that he's now looking up the full length of the bath towards Thia's face at the other end. There's still a layer of bubbles over most of the surface of the water.

Before Barry can come up with a subject that he wants to talk to her about, Thia interrupts his thoughts: "I'm finished with my bath as such, but I need to shave my legs - is that okay?"

"Of course," he replies, "Don't mind me, I didn't intend to make you stop what you were doing."

Before she begins, I pass by on my way to the bedroom for something or other. Spotting Barry sitting there, I enquire from the landing, as breezily as I can, "Everything okay?"

"Yes, fine, thanks," two in-bathroom voices reply in unison. Hmm. I told her this would happen sooner or later - almost every evening of the holiday, she's been in the bath with the door open. Still, I'm sure she's perfectly capable of asking him to leave if she wants to. So I get whatever it is I want from the bedroom and head back downstairs, calling, as I pass the bathroom again a moment later, "Sure you're okay?"

This time, the question seems to register as being specifically for Thia.

"Yes," comes her relaxed-sounding reply, and I head downstairs again, wondering if I should really stay around.

Gathering up a good armful of bubbles, Thia drapes it onto her chest so that she can sit up out of the water. She's not terribly concerned about Barry seeing her breasts, but feels it's more polite at least to attempt to cover things to a degree if possible. Then she reaches for the soap, brings her right thigh towards her chest and raises her right leg out of the water so she can give it a good soaping with both hands, before methodically removing the soapy layer with a razor, repeatedly dipping it into the bathwater as she does so.

Barry is silent, watching. He's forgotten he was meant to have something he wanted to talk to her about. Instead, he's thinking about a similarly unexpected situation a couple of years ago when, almost without warning, Thia presented herself "for inspection" in an extremely sheer, neon-green swimsuit. The swimsuit had left very little to the imagination, but right here and right now, only bubbles are hiding Thia's nudity from his eyes, and those bubbles are already much reduced...

Speaking of which, as Thia switches to shaving her other leg, she realises that adding further soap to the water is going to thin out the bubbles even more. Nevertheless, she carries on.

"What did you want to talk to me about?" she asks. Barry is absolutely stock still and his mouth has dropped slightly open. Eventually, the question registers.

"Oh. Yes. Er..., er... I thought it might be a good day for us to go across to Ullapool tomorrow. The weather forecast looks really good. What do you think?"

Her second leg now finished, and more soap thereby added to the bathwater, the bubbles at the "legs" end of the bath have indeed diminished considerably, and much of the remaining steam has now dispersed from the room as well. Although the water is a bit murky and still has random clumps of bubbles here and there down at this end, Barry can see almost all the way up Thia's legs. He tries hard not to make it obvious he's looking but, fleetingly, he's convinced he can see brief glimpses of dark pubic hair right at the edge of the clearer area, beyond which bubbles still cover the surface of the water and much of the upper half of Thia's body.

"Yes, okay. That would be fine with me," she replies, a moment later adding...

"Barry...?"

Immediately, he thinks she's noticed him trying to see between her legs and says, "Yes? Sorry!" However, that's not the case (or if it is then she's not mentioning it).

"I need to shave between my legs..."

"Oh. Do you want me to leave?" he asks, trying to sound matter of fact, but unwittingly betraying a sense of disappointment instead, while inwardly scolding himself for having made the suggestion.

Thia doesn't reply immediately. She thinks for a few moments and then says, "You're welcome to stay if you want to, I suppose - I'm just telling you in case you would rather not."

"No, no, it's fine," says Barry, almost unable to believe his luck. "I don't mind. You just carry on, if you don't mind me staying to talk to you."

"Stay sitting there then, please."

A few seconds later, she stands up in the bath, twisting away from Barry as she does, such that she is now facing directly away from him and he's confronted by her wet, slightly bubble-coated bum and the entire naked rear of her body. As if that's not enough, she then reaches down for the soap, genuinely oblivious to the fact that this gives Barry a very brief, "best seat in the house" flash of her vulva from behind!

Thia feels a little bit uncomfortable about her inability to avoid showing him her bum, but Barry himself is completely stunned at having just been presented with a set of unexpected labia! This is Thia, for heaven's sake! Thia, who (solitary swimsuit incident aside) only ever wears comfy, body-obscuring clothes and to whom he's never even really spoken on her own for more than a few minutes at a time. How has he suddenly found himself watching her having a bath and eyeballing her private parts?

Thia straightens up again to soap the area between her legs. Occasionally, her fingertips appear briefly in Barry's view, pushing between the uppermost, inner parts of her thighs. She then raises her left leg, placing her foot on the edge of the bath and bends forward to reach the razor, which is sitting on the end of the bath in front of her.

While Barry is still pondering the previous, surprising, between-the-legs display, Thia's reach for the razor (again without her realising it) reveals it all once more. Not only that, but the raised position of her left leg means that as she bends forwards, her labia part slightly and Barry is awarded a brief sight of a little of the interior.

This is absolutely not realised by Thia at all. She merely thinks she's unavoidably showing her bum and nothing else. And even that, she expects, will be at least half hidden behind a layer of bubbles. Happily for Barry, though, the bubbles have drained from her buttocks leaving them glistening, wet and invitingly naked.

Thia applies herself to the task of neatening her pubic hair. Out of Barry's sight, it's in a neat, natural triangle which has already been trimmed to a very short length with a shaver in the bedroom, prior to her bath.

As Barry leans to the right in what he thinks is a discreet effort to see what she's up to, Thia's breasts now move metaphorically to centre stage. These do have a layer of bubbles still upon them, but that obscures almost nothing at all. They swing and jostle each other as she manipulates and stretches her pubic area for shaving. She realises they will be largely visible to Barry, but she's really not terribly bothered about that sort of thing, so although she does try to keep everything turned away from his gaze, she's fairly unconcerned about it. If anything, she's thinking more about saving Barry from embarrassment than hiding her breasts from him: her own nudity is really not a big deal to her, as long as it's in an appropriate setting, and settings don't really come much more appropriate than this. After all, if he's sitting there watching while she's trying to do this stuff, he can hardly complain if he sees something he'd rather not.

Naturally, the thought of complaining does not enter Barry's head; he is only concerned about perhaps not being able to see as much as he would like to!

Happy with the job she's done at the front, she now needs to do the rest.

"Would you close your eyes for a few minutes, please, while I do underneath?" she asks.

"Yes, of course," he reassures her. It's a shameful lie. "Tell me when I can open them again."

She turns to face him, noting his seemingly closed eyes, but causing a shocked intake of breath from him as she does so, which rather betrays his fib of reassurance. Looking from between narrowed eyelids, he is treated to a full frontal view of Thia in fantastic, stark, girl nakedness and all just a couple of feet away from him. He barely has time to appreciate the view, though, because she then sits down in the bath, taking from his sight a dark triangle of freshly tidied pubic hair and much else besides.

"Do keep your eyes closed, please."

"Yes, I will. Don't worry," Barry says, being what Thia would later refer to as a lying hound!

She lets much of the water out of the bath, then replaces the plug, soaps the area between her legs again (a surprisingly noisy process of unintentional slurps and sploshes) and applies the razor. To Barry's irritation, from his toilet seat vantage point, he can't see much apart from the top of her head and her knees, as she leans forwards to perform the task.

"Still keep your eyes closed, please," she says, as she finishes the shaving and slops water onto the area to rinse it. Barry nods a further lie.

"Would you mind helping me to wash my hair?" Thia asks as she sits up.

On hearing the question, Barry (perhaps understandably) fully opens his eyes. As he does so, Thia quickly puts an arm across her breasts but doesn't admonish him.

"What do you need me to do?" he asks, simultaneously rising to his feet, sending Thia's free hand darting to cover the area between her legs; the bubbles now having almost entirely disappeared and the water being just a couple of inches deep.

"Sorry!" he says, "I didn't think."

Thia largely just accepts the situation; she's having a bath - he's going to see her in her birthday suit and has already seen most of it. It really can't be helped.

"If I lean my head forwards, can you run the shower over my hair while I wet it?"

"Okay, but obviously I'll need my eyes open," he replies, not having reclosed them anyway.

"Yes, I know, it's okay."

She leans forwards, pulls out the bath plug, drapes its chain over a tap, and indicates the shower head in front of her to Barry. He removes it from its holder and turns on the water, aiming it into the bath behind Thia's bum. As the water warms up, he plays it onto her back and she acknowledges it's okay.

However, she then asks him to stop briefly - she needs to reposition herself so as to be kneeling in the bath, otherwise she can't tip her head forwards far enough. But then it turns out that a kneeling position is too uncomfortable.

Next, she tries lying on her front (it's quite a long bath), propping her head up with her hands. Although her body feels much more exposed than she would like, and it's a rather strange position, she's hoping it will at least protect from full presentation what little is left of her modesty (it doesn't). While she's assessing this position, Barry completely loses control of his thoughts as he surveys her naked body from behind, laid out full length in front of him, wet and inviting. To make matters worse, as he's fully appreciating her pert and appealing bottom, Thia tries to lift her head from her hands to see if she can free them for hair washing, causing her buttocks to tighten and clench. His thoughts now turn extraordinarily carnal as he imagines running his hands gently down Thia's sides and onto her soft, wet, animated bum, then continuing their journey of exploration around to her vulva and its alluring inner secrets.

He's interrupted in mid-fantasy: this position won't work for her either.

"I'm really sorry," she says, "I'm going to have to sit up again and tip my head backwards instead. Would you close your eyes again, please, while I sit up?"

"Okay," Barry replies, again failing to close his eyes fully. As Thia repositions herself, she temporarily adopts an unintended doggy-style orientation and gives a further flash of her girl parts, causing another involuntary, vocalised betrayal of his lack of compliance.

Trying to deflect her attention from it, he quickly follows up the unintended noise with, "You don't need to apologise, Thia. How would you normally wash your hair?"

Now back in a sitting position, she notices that Barry has his eyes open again anyway, but accepts that he has already seen just about everything there is to see of her body. Notwithstanding this fact, she nevertheless feels she should point out an upcoming problem.

"I'd do it sitting like this and with my head tipped backwards, but that means I can't really cover myself up at all. I'm sorry. Do you mind? You can ask James to help instead if you'd rather."

"Do I mind? No, of course not, it's absolutely fine. You look..." Realising he might have been about to overstep the mark, Barry cuts himself off abruptly.

"It's okay..." Thia reassures him, jiggling about a bit as she finishes repositioning herself in the bath (her legs now out in front of her once again and her hands positioned behind her bum, supporting her). She tips back her head, unavoidably allowing Barry a clear view of her breasts and much more, from above. Her areolas are slightly swollen and puffy, he notices, presumably due to the heat and the water, and her nipples seem to be erect. "...What were you going to say?"

"Well if you don't mind, I was going to say you look absolutely stunning, you really do. Why on earth do you keep an amazing body like this so covered up all the time?"

"Gosh, thank you," she replies, her face blushing a little at the realisation that she's being openly ogled. "That's nice of you. I don't know. That's just how I am. I suppose I just like to be comfy. I never really think about it. Anyway, it's not covered up right now, is it...?"

"No, it's definitely not, I'm very pleased to say! Thank you so much for letting me see you like this!"

"I didn't actually intend..." begins her reply, but she decides not to finish the sentence, in order to avoid embarrassing herself any further.

Downstairs, reading some car magazines, I'm becoming aware that quite a lot of time has passed. "Is everything okay up there?" I shout from the bottom of the stairs.

"Yes," shout the two voices, once again in unison, before Thia adds, "I'm just washing my hair."

As Barry runs the shower over her hair, Thia pushes her fingers through it to wet it, then reaches for the shampoo at the far end of the bath.

"I'll get it," Barry says, letting the shower head rest in the bottom of the bath behind her bum and stepping forwards a couple of paces to reach the bottle. As he turns around, he sees Thia sitting in the bath fully frontally naked, her head tipped backwards and her body and legs filling his vision. For a moment, all he can do is stare at her astonishing nakedness. Her legs are tight together though, so although he can see a small area of pubic hair where they meet, he cannot see any of what lies below it. Her breasts, however, are very much there for him to savour, and he does so.

Above all, he's as perplexed as he is pleased at this evening's sudden, unexpected opportunity to see such an incredible sight; Thia - whom he has known for such a very long time - is completely naked, all clean, wet and slippery in the bath. She's become the only thing he can think about, and those thoughts are now turning powerfully sexual.

Pulling himself together, he returns to the other end of the bath and squeezes some shampoo and then more (yes, she's extravagant with that too!) onto her hair. After she scrubs at it all for a while with her fingers, he rinses it briefly and she asks for it to be repeated. Eventually it's all finished and thoroughly rinsed away. Then Thia takes the shower head herself and, still sitting but with a bit of wriggling about, rinses herself all over as Barry stands back and watches, amazed at what has unfolded this evening, and realising what he has perhaps been missing out on all week.

Her eyes are wet and screwed up as Thia then reaches her left arm out into space and wriggles her outstretched fingers in search of a towel. Just for a moment, the gesture is misinterpreted by Barry as a sexual invitation. Fortunately, he immediately realises it's just wishful thinking and recognises it for what it is, passing Thia a bath towel (with which she wipes her eyes before dropping it onto her outstretched legs) and then, on request, a second, smaller one. She rubs her hair with this before wrapping it within it.

Picking up the bath towel from her legs, she stands up, once again twisting her front from Barry's view as she does so, and rubs herself up and down with it.

"Right," Barry thinks to himself, "It's now or never..."

"You don't have to turn away, Thia. If you don't mind, I'd really like to see you properly from the front. Not that this isn't an extremely attractive view in itself."

She turns to face him, but instinctively holds the towel so as to cover everything from her shoulders down to her thighs.

Almost unable to control himself, Barry finds himself reaching out a nervous hand to take hold of the top edge of the towel. He tugs at it very gently and Thia lets him take it from her. The frontal view of her upright, head to toe naked body is finally revealed without any semblance of coy concealment whatsoever.

"Wow!" The word jumps from his mouth without his permission.

"Wow!" It does it again. "Thia..., Thia..."

Thia shrugs her shoulders, gives a little snort, adopts a brief, girly pose and then laughs. Then she turns around a couple of times to display the fully unencumbered view of her 360-degree nudity, coming to a standstill as she faces him directly once again.

As they feast on the extraordinary visual banquet presented to them, Barry feels that his eyes will melt. The long process of little by little discovery of Thia's naked body is complete. Her figure is beautifully shaped and proportioned and her breasts look invitingly firm and rounded, nipples now definitely fully erect. Her short-trimmed, dark pubic hair draws his eyes to her vulva, where there's a narrow, fleshy ridge of clitoral hood just visible between her outer labia.

There's so much to take in; wherever he looks, he feels drawn to linger, but simultaneously compelled to move on to the next highlight and the next. Thia has become an irresistibly sexual, spectacularly arousing, fabulously naked apparition; a vision of glowing, seductive, smooth, squeaky-clean, bare skin and female nudity. And she's just inches from him, her body and all its component parts tantalisingly, invitingly touchable.

"Thia, you look absolutely, totally stunning!" he exclaims, his eyes all the while continuing to scan all the way up and down her enticingly exposed body, taking in as much as he can and trying his utmost to commit it all to memory.

"Ha ha. Well it's just me," she replies, adding with a slightly impish grin, "...and I need to get dry."

"Can I dry you?" Barry hears himself ask.

"I don't think James would like it," she replies, reaching out her hand to take back the towel.

"She didn't say she wouldn't like it," he thinks to himself, and retains the towel.

"Well can I just touch your skin?" he asks. She doesn't answer,

Even though he knows he shouldn't, he reaches forwards and touches her flesh with a single fingertip midway between her breasts. Not knowing quite what to make of this, Thia moves as if to step back, away from his touch, but doesn't actually do so. Barry draws his finger slowly downwards over her soft, warm, wet skin. Her abdominal muscles tense as she feels it moving down her front. Presently, it arrives at her navel. Here, it explores the delicate hollow for a little while and she expects its progress to cease. However, she is very soon startled to find that it does not. Instead, the finger seems to be resuming its journey, once again moving inexorably downwards. A tremble runs right throughout her body.

"It's only Barry," she reassures herself: she knows he wouldn't do anything to which she objected. Sometimes, though, it can be hard to object, even if one really ought to and, in any case, objection might be premature. After all, he's probably about to stop - he obviously won't go anywhere he really shouldn't.

Unsure what to do, she hesitates, doesn't react, and holds her breath.

Still the finger descends.

Suddenly, she feels warmth flooding into her groin as nervous uncertainty is displaced by sudden, full and dramatic arousal. She opens her mouth to speak, but no words will form.

The fingertip reaches the upper margin of her pubic hair and then actually enters it, her body giving a perceptible shudder of trepidation and expectation as it does so.

Finding resolve at almost the last possible moment, Thia suddenly blocks further progress by placing her hand over her genitals, narrowly preventing contact between Barry's finger and her private parts. Still struggling to talk or even breathe, she feels her body tremble again, and this time the trembling doesn't stop.

Gulping down the lump in her throat, she manages to speak: "I think it's best if you don't touch."

"Do you really not want me to?" asks Barry.

"I just think it's best if you don't," Thia replies, but her protective hand is shaking and her legs are turning to jelly. She cannot find it within herself to maintain the resistance, as her mind races with irresistible and overpowering thoughts of what would happen if she allowed things to continue. She feels her vaginal lubrication making itself alarmingly obvious.

Just as Barry is about to take away his finger, she removes her hand from her private parts instead, leaving him in limbo and confused as to what he should do next. His fingertip is positioned just above her vulva: if he moves it any further, he will touch the upper part of her clitoris hood. Is that allowed? Does she want him to do that?

Thia is now shaking like a leaf. It's not in her nature to do something that feels wrong, but the strength of the sexual urge that is now boiling between her legs is too much - far, far too much. She moves her feet apart.

Barry's finger moves further. In so doing, it finally makes contact with her most personal parts. Her clitoris responds straight away, palpably inflating right along its length, the hood expanding to accommodate its now hyper-aroused dimensions. Her mouth is now almost as dry as her vagina is wet, so she has lost the power of speech altogether.

The finger moves yet further. As it travels downwards along her clitoral hood, feeling the tense, firm, little organ inside it, her breathing turns into clearly audible, rapid, erratic gasps, as she helplessly anticipates the forthcoming moment of contact with her swollen and impatient clitoris tip.

Then she feels the fingertip right upon the sensitive rim of the hood, just a few millimetres from the now desperate epicentre of her unendurable craving. The arousal of her sex organs has caused this frontal edge of the hood to rise ever so slightly, parting company with her clitoris tip itself: there is a small gap between the two, so initially the rim alone experiences a momentary but spectacularly fierce euphoria as the finger brushes over it. It will fail totally in its allotted, biological role of clitoral protection, but the desperate protectee is wanting full exposure, not seeking shelter.

The exquisite torture has reached its apex. She whimpers quietly as a prolonged and gentle stroke passes over the erect, taut glans of her clitoris, immediately burying it under an avalanche of pulverising sexual sensations that surge beyond it and throughout her genitals, groin and abdomen. She struggles mentally with the dilemma of whether to accept and enjoy the feelings of sexual rapture or to engage in a hopelessly doomed struggle to suppress them. A moment later, it's too late: the internal battle is lost and she cannot now help herself at all. Her glowing clitoris and the incredibly powerful feelings within and around it are all that matter to her, and a moment later they are all that exist. He strokes and shamelessly caresses it as she drowns in the extraordinary, brutally devine sensations.

However, the finger's journey is not yet over and it now moves even further onwards.

As Thia helplessly slides ever more deeply into an unfamiliar state of sheer, wanton lust, the wilful digit now breaks contact with her raging clitoris and continues its excursion, now encountering the hot, slippery wetness of the approach to her aching vagina. Thia feels desperate but she's not sure whether that desperation is for his finger to enter her vagina or for it to withdraw from its proximity altogether.

Once again, there's no time for her frazzled thoughts to assemble: his fingertip finds her vaginal entrance and probes it gently, seeking admission. As if to speak on her behalf, it allows access and the permission is immediately and readily accepted and acted upon.

A tremendous shudder runs right throughout Thia's body as the last barrier falls and she feels herself penetrated. Her knees buckle a little and struggle to recover as her eyes roll upwards and then close. Her mouth falls open and lets out a soft moan. Sexual surrender now complete and obvious, she musters no resistance whatsoever to the subsequent compulsion to squeeze her vaginal muscles upon the welcome intruder.

Barry marvels at the slippery tightness, heat and repeated compressions his finger is experiencing, sliding it all the way in and then back out again several times. She rocks her pelvis slightly backwards and forwards against his movements, to bring it even further in and out of her firebox, her vocal chords emitting gentle moans as she acquiesces yet further to her sexual yearnings, unable to prevent full and unconditional capitulation.

However, as he moves to insert a second finger, Barry suddenly feels that she might be uncomfortable with it all. He's not sure if her shaking, dumbstruck, breathless state is a good thing or not. Perhaps she doesn't want this at all, and might later feel manipulated or coerced, or simply regretful at getting so carried away in the moment.

The finger is withdrawn.

Thia's face is deeply flushed, partly from embarrassment and partly because of the fact her heart is racing, but mainly because of the prodigious feelings that have just been provoked and then unleashed between her legs and all over her body.

Having all but drowned in the sea of sexual self-abandonment, she's now thankful to at last see an opportunity to reestablish some vestige of control over herself, even though her clitoris and vagina are brimming with unfinished business and desperately craving further contact.

However, now hugely relieved at the resolution of the wayward finger conundrum, she begins to relax and tries to convince herself that the longed for orgasm can wait until she can attend to it herself.

She then seeks to subconsciously reassure the two of them that it's harmless fun and nothing has really happened, saying, "Shouldn't you be watching Wimbledon?" and taking the proffered towel from his hand.

Barry makes no reply, but watches as she dries herself all over, this time staying side-on to his view, depriving him of any further potential sightings of the prize between her legs (the one part of her to which he has not been given official, visual access), but unintentionally treating him to a very dynamic view of her breasts in various orientations as she bends herself this way and that.

Having completed the drying, she wraps the towel around herself and steps out of the bath, now much more composed.

"Thanks for helping. I'll go and dry my hair, get dressed again and then clean the bath," she says, trying hard to sound calm and to look as if nothing notable has happened at all.

She turns to head for the bedroom.

"Thia..."

"Mmm?"

"Would you mind staying undressed? It's very warm downstairs and it's so nice to have seen you like this."

Thia acknowledges to herself the likelihood of "very warm downstairs" being a deliberate double entendre. "Oh. Really? Well thank you. Are you serious? I don't really think I could. It would feel a bit strange. I think I'd feel uncomfortable. Haven't you already seen enough?"

"Please. No I definitely haven't seen enough. It would be such a special thing for me, to know that you would do that for me."

"Oh. Would it? Well... ask James if he would be okay with it, and maybe I'll think about it."

With that, she's off to the bedroom, realising she's probably steering herself into trouble all over again.


Thia Comes Clean Pt. 02

Thia surprises our friend Barry even further.

Shortly after Thia leaves, Barry realises he is again rooted to the spot, lost in his private, forbidden thoughts, as he hears the hairdryer now being used. Quickly, he cleans the bath and tidies the room, hoping to maximise the time available later if she does as asked. Then he dashes downstairs to ask me if his request is acceptable.

He walks quickly into the lounge, where I'm sitting reading.

"James?" he starts, slightly breathless, "You know I've been helping Thia in the bathroom...?"

"Yes... I did notice."

"I can't believe how fantastic she looks without her clothes! Honestly, I would never have believed it; her body is absolutely amazing!"

"I'm sure she'll be delighted to know you think so, Barry. She will probably say, 'It's just me,' or something similar."

"Yes, but the thing is, I've asked her if she wouldn't mind staying undressed and just coming back downstairs as she is. Is that okay?"

"What? You actually asked her that? Seriously, you really did? And what did she say?"

"Well she said to ask you. She said she might, as long as you don't mind."

"Oh. Well then I suppose it's alright with me if it's alright with her. It's probably warm enough in here even for her. I bet she will change her mind though; I don't think she'll do it. Isn't this all rather adventurous, for you?"

He doesn't answer. Instead, he's off, immediately trotting upstairs to our bedroom. Once at the door, he hears the hairdryer click off: excellent timing. He taps on the door, saying, "Thia...?"

She opens the door a little, keeping her body hidden behind it as she looks through the gap.

"James says it's fine with him if you want to stay undressed."

"Really? I'm not really sure. It feels a bit strange," she replies, causing Barry to fear the opportunity is disappearing.

"Please. It would be really fantastic for me and your body is amazing to look at. Please!" If all else fails, plead, he thinks to himself!

"Okay," she says with a small sigh, "If you really want me to, then I'll be down in a few minutes."

"I definitely do really want you to! It's really nice of you and will absolutely make my day! Thank you so much." He is very relieved at her willing response: she obviously didn't mind his foray into her most personal areas after all.

As Thia closes the door, Barry rushes downstairs and back into the lounge.

"She says it's fine and she'll be down in a minute."

"Well that's a surprise," I think to myself. Thia can be very relaxed about her own nudity (not that most people, including Barry, would know it), but this doesn't sound like something she would do just like that. She's probably been treated to copious flattery and attention from Barry while she's been in the bath - that would explain it, I suppose. She can get into a strange, overconfident, silly mood sometimes. Or even a naughty one. That is an aspect of her personality that would come as a big surprise to the unwary! This should be interesting...

Five minutes later, Thia comes into the lounge. To Barry's obvious disappointment, she's wearing a long, quilted dressing gown. It stretches from her neck almost to her ankles! She looks like a female dalek.

Ha ha ha. I can sense Barry's unspoken distress.

"Thank you for cleaning the bath and sorting out the bathroom for me, that was very nice of you."

She sits beside me on the sofa (Barry is in an armchair opposite), tucks her feet up under her bum and snuggles into my side in a private, personal act of contrition, an unspoken apology for getting so carried away.

"I thought you were staying undressed?" says an audibly anguished Barry.

"I am undressed."

"No you're not. You're entirely covered up. Probably even more than usual!"

Thia swivels her eyes to look at me. I just raise my eyebrows. I have no idea where this is heading, but she has that look in her eyes...

She stands up, sheds the dressing gown onto the sofa behind her and sits down on top of it stark naked, tucking her feet up underneath her once again.

Whoa! Even I feel my body react instantly. And very strongly. Heaven knows what Barry's making of it! One moment she's fully covered, the next she doesn't have a stitch on! That really did feel dramatic. And an incredibly sexual thing to do. She won't realise it, of course (I think to myself, wrongly, it would seem) - she will just think it's all very funny.

"Oh... Thia, thank you so, so much!", Barry gushes, looking genuinely astounded. He gets up and switches on the room's main light, which makes Thia, and then me, laugh.

"Thia!", he says, "I don't really know what to say. I know I've already said it, but you look absolutely stunning. Can you stand up, please?"

"It's just me, Barry," she replies.

As he returns to his chair, just a few feet away, Thia uncoils herself and stands, hands at her sides. She does look good. So good that I get up from the sofa and go and sit in the other armchair, so I have the same front-on view of her that Barry does.

She rotates a couple of times and laughs again at Barry's dropped-open mouth and his leaning-forwards posture as he takes in every visible morsel of her body. I'm a bit stunned myself, and I'm seriously considering taking her straight back upstairs for a good seeing to!

She sits down again on the sofa, this time stretching her legs out in front of her and wiggling her toes - she's finding it all a lot of fun. She drops her feet to the floor as Barry gets up from his chair for an even closer look.

As he gets really close, she instinctively puts an arm across her chest and a flattened hand over her private parts.

"Please don't do that," he implores her, "I'd so like to see it all close up."

I consider intervening and pointing out that she agreed to stay undressed, not to submit herself to anatomical exploration and investigation, but I think better of it and decide to leave it to Thia. At least he hasn't run to get his camera...

She puts her arms by her sides. Perhaps being rather too forward about it, Barry gets really close up and makes no bones about the fact that the details of her breasts, areolas and nipples are being studied, his glasses being repeatedly taken off and put back on again during the inspection.

Although she does feel a little bit uncomfortable and is trying again to suppress her growing arousal, Thia is also finding the whole business very amusing. She's not used to being the centre of attention and is unsure how seriously this situation ought to be taken, if at all. However, she's definitely finding it very nice that her body has become the subject of such undisguised admiration, even (or perhaps especially) when it's so obviously accompanied by a large dose of strong and very conspicuous sexual attraction.

Still performing his rather too detailed examination, Barry's eyes turn again to her pubic hair. In response, Thia squeezes her thighs together and her hand twitches at her side, as she's not sure whether to cover herself down there or not. The memory of feeling his finger entering that zone not long before looms large, and her conflicting thoughts about it still confuse her.

After a moment, Barry steps back a bit. But then, feeling another "now or never" moment has arrived says...

"Would you mind showing me between your legs?"

He's glad to have got the words out reasonably well, because his heart is beating so hard that it feels as if it's in his throat!

Thia looks at me again, her mind now racing as she tries to remain convinced that it's just a light and amusing scenario and that her dressing gown isn't really getting wet underneath her. Frankly, I'm not sure what to make of all this. Right now, she is such a paradoxical combination of extraordinary sex appeal and disarming innocence. And her body is a real treat for the eyes (and more...), it's true. But she will go too far! (Ignorance is bliss...!)

Again, I indicate with raised eyebrows and a shrug that she can do whatever makes her happy. I know, I know... I ought to know better! I should probably be suggesting she draws the line right here. Or well before!

Barry stands in front of her (she's still sitting on the sofa), desperately hoping she's going to open her legs a little.

She doesn't.

Instead she pulls up her legs, puts her feet on the edge of the sofa (thereby drawing her knees up to her shoulders) and then swings her knees wide apart, thus not just revealing her smoothly shaved vulva, but blatantly putting it on shockingly full and direct display!

"Wow!" Once again, the word escapes from Barry's mouth. He just stares, in silence, for a few long moments and then says, "That is beautiful! Absolutely beautiful! Can I look more closely?" He then kneels in front of her in order to do so.

"Thia..." I say, seeking to rein in her enthusiasm a bit, but she interrupts me...

"It's okay, I don't mind."

"Well don't get carried away. Think how you might feel about it later, when you're not so excited."

"I'm okay. Honestly, it's fine. You don't need to worry."

Barry avidly inspects what's visible (outer labia, clitoris tip and hood, slightly parted inner labia). "Fantastic! Thank you! Very nice indeed. Thia, you have a very nice looking vagina."

"Vulva," she corrects him. Then she looks at me and asks, "Can he look inside? Can I show him my vagina?"

Oh dear... "Can he what?! Thia... well it's not really for me to say, is it? If it's what you want, then I suppose so. As long as you're sure. Just think what you're doing for heaven's sake."

"Do you want to see inside?" she asks Barry.

"I'd love to! Of course I would!"

Thia's fingers reach around under her elevated thighs and walk across her outer labia to the inner pair. She then opens the unexpected gift, so that Barry finds himself looking into her very inviting (and still noticeably turned on, he tells himself) interior and even at the opening of her vagina. He takes off his glasses again for a better look. While she's about it, Thia then carefully draws her labia apart in such a way as to push out her clitoris, which looks equally primed and ready for further action. Little do I know it is stoked with unfulfilled, pent up desires that are once again starting to dominate her thoughts.

Oh god! It's obvious I should be stopping her. But she's so clearly enjoying herself that I can't quite bring myself to do it and spoil the moment for her. What on earth is she thinking? Even from where I'm sitting, I can see she's bright red inside and doubtless will be visibly very wet as well. She seems to me to have leapt from innocent, slightly embarrassed but amusing nudity into something altogether different - dangerously different...

Barry speaks again, testing where the limits might be: "Can I touch it?"

As happened during the bathroom finger incident, her lower body feels an incredible rush of heat and her level of arousal, already simmering away strongly, now skyrockets all over again.

Here we go... And what does he mean by "it", I wonder? Clitoris, labia, vagina? If it's the former, I think to myself, Thia will almost immediately abandon common sense and be unable to draw the line. It's not looking like she even HAS a line! Surely this is too personal and too private even for her? I'm going to pull the plug...

"No you can't!", I state, without even waiting for Thia's answer, oblivious to the fact that it's already happened!

Thia takes her hands away and closes her knees together, then drops her feet to the floor again. As she does this, Barry remembers there's a lot more to look at than just her private sexual anatomy, stands up again and returns to his seat.

"I'm sorry," he says to both of us, "but obviously it was incredibly tempting."

Thia laughs. And then looks at me... in a very particular and slightly worrying way.

Oh no, I think to myself. You're kidding? You're not finished, are you? More? She has this way of looking at me that's part innocent, playful, pleading puppy and part sex-fiend! Oh no. The trouble is, I find that look irresistible. And she knows it. But surely he's now been shown enough?

"Thia..." We both know what I'm thinking. We both know what she's thinking. Barry, however, does not realise the unspoken conversation we're having and presumably thinks the show is all but over.

I continue, verbally...

"I don't think anything else would be a good idea: you've already gone further than you should. MUCH further!" But then she notches her expression up a level, and I find myself foolishly asking her, "Well what exactly is it that you want to do?"

A moment later, Barry is hit smack in the face by a completely unexpected, verbal bombshell from the lips of the naked little minx.

"I could show him what it can do. Can I do that? I could make myself come."

I think Barry has now swallowed his tongue. I am equally stunned and unable to speak. Thia fills the gap...

"Please? I think I need to! It wouldn't take long..."

This time, it's Barry I find myself looking at. Am I actually going to ask him if it's okay with him for Thia to give herself an orgasm?

I look back at Thia. I can't believe I'm saying this. "Well how do you want to do it?"

"I'll just do it," she replies, conveying very little and an awful lot at the same time.

Oh god. What's going on here? How is this happening? Why am I not stopping her? This is definitely not a good idea.

Barry is still completely speechless and wide eyed, but already leaning forwards in anticipation.

I look at him again. "Is that okay with you?" I ask, completely pointlessly.

Without really understanding what he's letting himself in for, he replies enthusiastically, "Yes, of course! I'd absolutely love to see that! Who wouldn't?"

Oh god. Surely she's going to regret this, and she's probably not the only one. But I don't want to spoil her moment for her.

Thia puts her knees right up and apart again and as her fingers part her labia, the area inside is conspicuously even more crimson than before. I find myself wondering if Barry can tell how erect and swollen her clitoris now is from where he's sitting, shocking myself as I realise how surreal and outlandish that thought is and not realising that it's already brimming with unfinished business. This is crazy; is it really happening? What's come over her tonight?

Just as I'm hoping she will think better of it, she looks at me and says, "Can you..."

"No I cant! Thia?! I'm afraid you're on your own here!"

However, just look at the sight of her: completely naked and about to pleasure herself... with an audience! I admit this is something I'm having trouble forcing myself to prevent.

As much to delay the shock of seeing her fingertip make stimulatory contact with her own clitoris in front of Barry, as for my own reasons, I find myself asking her, "What do you want me to do?" Bad, bad, bad idea...

Thia gives me that look again. Provoking me to ask, "You want me to start you off?"

She nods.

Before I have a chance to respond, she stands up and places her dressing gown (on which she's been sitting the whole time) onto the floor at the side of the sofa. Then she says, "Just a moment," and walks from the room, presenting Barry and me with an arresting view of her buttocks performing an evocative pas de deux as she leaves.

With an appreciative "Oh...!", Barry gets up and follows her bum to the door, watching from there as her erotically bare, female form ascends the stairs. He waits there until she returns a moment later (now carrying a small towel), enjoying the full view of her nudity in motion. While it was her bottom that held his attention on her way up the stairs, it's her breasts and bush which do so on the way back down. There's something very expressive about the way in which Thia walks when naked that adds a significant further, sensual and seductive dimension to the whole experience.

I've been left briefly on my own and am wondering what on earth has she gone to fetch: the mind boggles. With a bit of luck, this interlude might give her a chance to rethink the whole idea anyway. Or maybe she's just gone to the toilet. I can't even think straight anymore.

Barry steps fully into the hall to allow Thia to pass him as she re-enters the lounge.

Laughing a little, as she realises her nude ambulation is being perceived as an additional, sexually suggestive, visual treat, she returns to the sofa and places the towel upon it before sitting down. She assumes her previous position, with her feet on the edge of the sofa cushion and her knees up and swung wide apart, while Barry goes back to his armchair looking like the cat that got the cream.

Thank god it was just a towel she was getting: things could be worse, I tell myself.

Thia looks at me again.

Oh god, I say to myself yet again. I know exactly what she's thinking. She wants her ultimate. It's going to be tongue, isn't it? Presumably partly for her and partly for shock value. Can I actually do that in front of Barry? Can I? Well it turns out that I can. After all, perched on the edge of the sofa, I must admit that she's in a great position for it if I kneel down. And at least I can't see him while I'm doing it.

Now I've become some sort of co-conspirator, actually adding fuel to the fire.

She's very, very wet and aroused before I even begin. Her entire vulva is glowing hot and her vagina is an absolute furnace. If she hasn't already lost all self control, she certainly does so a few moments later!

There are five distinct clitoral areas that Thia likes to receive attention in this way, lying along a descending anatomical pathway of increasingly ecstatic effect. Having reached this point in proceedings, I might as well do it properly for her...

First comes the length of her clitoral hood, where the sensation of my tongue's tip upon it, working its way slowly downwards, produces an effect that may be primarily psychological; principally about the thought of where it is heading and will arrive very shortly. Next comes the very front edge of the hood - a uniquely sensitive margin whose gentle stimulation feels so unbearably intense for her that it would almost suffice as an endpoint in itself. The lingual attention to that little ridge soon inflames it and has it glowing a bright, fiery red.

Then, the tip of my tongue enters the little pocket between that ridge and her clitoris itself, so that both of those points of extreme sexual excitement are entertained simultaneously. This is almost cruelty, and the level of sexual desperation it induces in Thia is downright inhumane, yet there is even more to come, more glorious torment to endure. I move on, gently licking directly upon her engorged, anguished tip.

Somewhat earlier than would be ideal in these circumstances, Thia is now absolutely ready for lift-off! As my tongue flicks and strokes across and around her glans, she loses all control over any and all of her mental faculties: this tiny area of her body is all that's left of her, and is soon threatening to explode like a mini supernova.

Next, Thia's absolutely ultimate, most sensitive and incendiary, little place is reached: the underside of her clitoris glans - its frenulum, where the upper parts of her inner labia fuse with her clitoris itself. This is the nub, the kernel, the nexus, the high-altar of Thia's sexual experience.

Now at the highest pinnacle of her exquisite sexual ordeal, she is beyond desperation, and many minutes of wholly uninhibited squirming, writhing, moaning and gasping follow. She's lost all connection with reality, doesn't know who she is, where she is or what's going on. She has no capacity to think about anything at all, her conscious mind having dissolved and disappeared, leaving only a frantic, sexual automaton where once there was Thia.

However, she has asked only that I "start her off" and I think I've done that! I intended only to set her sexual touch-paper alight for her (again...), but now realise that doing it this way has quickly prepared all rockets for immediate launch!

So I cease the stimulation, stand up, leave her to it and sit down in the armchair again. Thia's stunned facial expressions fully convey her utmost consternation and distress at this unwelcome development.

With her mouth open, she looks at me aghast and upset; shocked that, having pressed her launch button, the tongue has absconded from duty and abandoned its station, leaving her teetering right on the edge of an orgasm, struggling with it like an upturned woodlouse trying to right itself!

I prompt her by gesturing my opened hands in her direction and then pointing a finger directly at her. On seeing this, her expression of unfair desertion slowly turns to acknowledgement, as she remembers what she was meant to be doing.

"Good grief, Thia - it was you that wanted to do it this way!"

She gathers her thoughts for a little while, shuffles her position a bit and then begins.

Barry and I watch as she reaches her hands between her legs (this time directly, rather than from around the back of her thighs) and diligently masturbates herself into an increasingly helpless heap, her face and chest becoming hotter and redder all the while, as she strokes, teases and rubs the tip and body of her over-excited clitoris.

Occasionally, she switches from clitoral stimulation to penetration of her vagina, easing her finger in and out, sometimes slowly and sometimes in short bursts of rapidity. Then it's back to the clitoral pleasuring again.

Soon she is once more absolutely lost in the sheer intensity of it all, adrift on a wild ocean of sexual ecstasy.

Barry's eyes are out on stalks. Come to that, so are mine! Why did I not prevent her from going this far? Should I stop her now? Of course I should! But somehow I still can't. And I'm as bad - I've just given her oral sex in front of Barry!

As Thia continues, she looks in turn at me and at Barry. Then her eyelids flicker closed and stay that way. Taking this as a cue, Barry gets up from his seat and kneels right in front of her for a better look at what she's doing with her fingers.

This makes me feel suddenly very uncomfortable, because Thia's unaware of it, but then she opens her eyes again and, after a momentary flinch, continues. Then she actually looks him straight in the eyes while continuing to stimulate herself, now doing so using the forefinger of each hand moving up and down against each other, either side of her clitoris, causing its whole length to twist and the tip to rotate one way and then the other, while making its engorged and glowing state fully obvious. Quite soon, Barry seems to find her into-the-eyes gaze a little too powerful, and returns to his armchair, beside mine, as she closes her eyes once more and switches to using just her right forefinger again.

He and I now watch in silence for a few more minutes, as Thia's self-induced, sexual pleasure becomes more and more extreme. As her industrious finger urgently addresses the vital area, little bodily jolts and spasms begin, progressively becoming stronger and more frequent.

Eventually, it's here...

Her legs suddenly stretch right out in front of her, stiffly opening, closing and then opening again. Her bum starts to jump, her head goes back, and from her mouth comes a countdown of "Ah, ah, ah, ah, ah..., AH..., AH..., AH...", but at what seems the very last moment, she stops her stimulatory finger moving completely. Despite the hiatus, a few moments later her body starts to buck. After a further few seconds, she restarts the stimulation and is almost immediately consumed by a huge, explosive orgasm, just having time to announce, "I'm c..." before dramatically jerking and writhing about within its clutches for the next half minute or so. She gasps, "Oh..., oh..., oh..., OH..., OH..., OH..., OH..., OH..., OH..." in time with the muscular contractions, while all the time, her legs remain stretched out rigidly in front of her, twitching with the pulses and surges of the ferocious orgasm.

"Oh... Fantastic!", Barry says while she's still in mid-orgasm, again getting up for a closer look and standing over her until it's all finished.

When it's finally over, she takes her hands away and drops her legs to the floor. She lets out a long "Pfffffffffffffffffff", puffing out her flushed cheeks as she does so.

Initially, she looks terribly pleased with herself, but then reality can be seen slowly creeping in. Realising that Barry is right in front of her and that her legs are still wide apart, she quickly moves them together ("It's a bit late for that!", I think to myself), as her upper body slumps back into the sofa.

Barry returns to his armchair yet again.

A moment later, Thia rotates herself so as to lie right along the sofa, initially on her back, but then shuffling onto her side with one leg lying right on top of the other, pushing the towel onto the floor as she wriggles her body into position. With a slightly unsure expression on her face, she looks at Barry and me.

Well now you know - that's the real Thia. Sorry if that comes (bad choice of word...) as a bit of a shock. Even after the swimsuit incident a couple of years previously, and his knowledge of our numerous clothes-optional holidays, this will all have been far, far beyond anything Barry might ever have imagined could happen. I'm both surprised and yet somehow not, at the same time. One thing's for sure: bearing in mind that Barry has often said he views Thia very differently after seeing her in that sheer swimsuit, this evening's events are going to cause a seismic shift in his feelings about who she really is and what makes her tick!

Barry speaks again: "Wow! Thia, that was incredible. Thank you so much. Would you say that was a particularly intense orgasm, or is that just normal for you?"

Without answering, Thia half-jokingly puts her hands over her face: finally some embarrassment has begun to appear. The fact that she now has her face covered but all of the rest of her body is laid out along the sofa in plain sight is amusingly incongruous - a very "ostrich with its head in the sand" moment.

"Don't be embarrassed," Barry continues, "There's nothing to be embarrassed about - that was absolutely amazing. Incredible. Thank you so much."

Thia wriggles onto her front, so that she now lies face downwards. Predictably, Barry immediately stands up again, in order to look down at her bum and full-length rear nakedness once more, vividly reminded of his thoughts as she lay like this in the bath earlier.

Again, though, the moment doesn't last long.

Thia reaches beside the sofa for her dressing gown and pulls it towards her, before switching quickly to a sitting position and holding it over her front.

She looks at me, frowns, narrows her eyes and purses her lips. Oh, great, suddenly it's my fault is it?

She then looks at the floor, while Barry makes repeated, unsuccessful attempts to restore her waning confidence. Eventually, he goes back to his chair and sits quietly, having realised anything further that he wants to say will probably deepen her now growing self-consciousness and discomfort. He occupies himself by replaying as much as he can of the whole evening in his head, completely astounded at every single aspect, sight, sound and sensation. He wonders how it must feel to be inside her when she's orgasming like that.

Silence ensues.

Several minutes pass.

Eventually, I find something to say.

"You've missed the Wimbledon highlights, you know..."