Revisited Past
Bettie

It all started when I was just a child, Mom says she and Dad could hardly keep me clothed. It seems I would strip off anything I was wearing and run around butt naked. Okay, no big deal lot's of kid's did that, but they out grew it, I didn't!

In my teens we lived out in the country so I had plenty of chance's to run around naked and I used them. My parents both worked , so after school I would strip naked just as soon as the school bus was out of sight and walk up our private road. I did my chores and home work naked and dressed just before my folks got home from work. 

Lots of times I explored the property naked, it seemed safe as our nearest neighbour lived a half mile away. I had a favorite place I had found and there I often laid out a blanket and sunbathed and if I was in the mood pleasured myself.

In my senior year my fun came to a end. It was a Friday I remember it well. When I opened my locker to put away my books and get what I needed for the weekend I found the envelope and the pictures. Pictures of me naked giving myself pleasure and a couple of them showed me in the middle of a full blown orgasm.

When I got to school Monday I found out I wasn't the only one who had seen the pictures, they were all over school. All of my friends had seen them and the comments they made about them were very humiliating but the weird thing was that it turned me on!. Word spread and so did the pictures so at the end of the school year I moved away.

Now to the present, ten years later I'm now living in the city and working as a claims adjuster for a major insurance company.

I guess now would be a good time to describe myself. I stand 5'5 in my bare feet and weigh 120 pounds. My hair is what people call dirty blond, my eyes are blue. My measurements are as follows 34-24-34. I'm not beautiful but am cute and have what the guys call a hard body.

I still enjoy being naked but am much more careful about it now, only in my home and a couple times a year I manage to make it to a nude beach during the summer that's 3 hours from here, not much chance in seeing anyone who knows me there.





I was called into the claims managers office and when I arrived I found not only her but also the head of Humane Resources. This didn't look like a normal claims meeting. I soon found out just how right I was.

First my manager started by saying she hoped that when the meeting was over I was still going to be her senior claims adjuster. Then she handed me a envelope saying that these had just came to light. When I opened the envelope my heart jumped and tears started to fill my eyes. They were pictures I had seen ten years before, and some that had been taken much later at the nude beach. At this point the Humane Resources spoke up saying that if these pictures went any higher my career here was over and probably any place else also.

My manager went on from there saying that they had investigated my past after the pictures showed up and found out some very interesting things about me. She went on saying that if I agreed to their terms my job was safe and no one else would see the pictures or the results of their investigation.

I was sick to my stomach from the visions of losing my house I had just brought along with my new Lexus so I uttered those three words, "I'll do anything". Good they both said. Now what we want from you first is to strip! Slowly I did as they said and striped naked in front of both of them as Karen , my manager took more pictures. First to be removed was my blouse , then my skirt. I stood before them dressed in matching lace bra and thong panties, garter belt hose and heels. Next came my bra freeing my breast,standing firm on my chest ,my nipples at attention in the center of my 34B breast, next came my panties, I was sure they both saw the wet spot on them. They had me stop at this point leaving me in just my garter belt,hose and heels. After they finished taking pictures they allowed me to dress but Jim from Humane Resources kept my bra and panties.

Karen told me that Jim and her would be stopping by my house after work to explain what they expected from me in the future before sending me back to work.

The rest of the day passed slowly, thoughts spinning in my head about how this was going to turn out.


