Bob's Travels #1 - Time-Share and Slut Wife-Share


Living and working in the Tampa, Florida area, I got the
urge to take some time off to relax and get away from the
day-to-dayo bligations of the family business.  I had a
key position in my family's business operations in Tampa.
We had a pretty neat gig going catering to tourism on the
Gulf Coast, being well rewarded for our efforts.  Our
business included resort hotels, commercial office and
retail properties, and a car rental operation.  I knew
that I could leave for three or four weeks for an extended
vacation.  My Dad might have to cover important business 
occasionally, and my Brother might have to start getting 
out of bed before Noon.  Nevertheless things would run
quite well without me.  After tying up the loose ends in
my office, I checked out one of the company cars from our
fleet lot and headed to my house.  After packing my clothes,
I got my "stash" ready.  This was pretty easy a little
ball of Lebanese hashish....maybe two of three grams and
a half-ounce of sensimilla.  Plenty to last me on my trip
to New Orleans.  I would be able to obtain plenty more
"party supplies" from friends, once I arrived at my 
destination.  All details taken care of now, I locked up
the house and hit the road.  Florida is such a wonderful
place.  If for no other reason; the blissful weather.  
Blue skies, warm breezes, and penetrating sunshine.  In 
retrospect I realize that the Florida climate was often 
the catalyst for the wild, carefree sex that I came to 
expect during my years living there.  It was a magic potion
for the millions of people flocking to the beaches each year.
Bodies clad in the least possible material to avoid arrest
for indecency.  The heat of the sun pounding on their hot 
flesh.  The wild nightlife was just a natural extension of
the "sun and fun" of daytime.  I had learned to keep an eye
out for these "victims" of the casual atmosphere of decadence
that prevailed here.  
I hit the road North following the Gulf coast of Florida
toward my destination and my old friends in New Orleans.  
As I cruised up the highway listening to the cars stereo, 
I toked up on a little weed and let my cares melt away.  
Evening progressed as I drove West through the Florida
Panhandle.  Since there was no schedule or urgency to get 
to my destination at a particular time, I had stuck to the 
coastal highway.  Interstate 70 would have been faster, but 
fuck it... I was in no hurry.  Approaching Panama City Beach, 
I decided that this would be a good place to stop overnight.  
As I cruised along the beach highway viewing the strip of 
businesses, I recalled my days in the Air Force stationed
nearby.  There were always plenty of hotties hanging out in 
the local clubs ready to keep a horny GI warm for the night.  
Yes....Panama City Beach was an exciting, fun little resort.  
Right in the heart of the beach area was what appeared to be
a new hotel.  They were still pouring some of the concrete
walks and doing the final landscaping, but it was open for
business.  I pulled in, parked, and entered the office.  
The man working at the desk explained that the "Breakers" 
as the establishment was called, was a time-share development.
Since they still had a lot of units remaining to sell, they
were also renting rooms by the night.  What a deal!
Beautiful, new condo unit's....two bedrooms, kitchen, and all
the amenities.  He said his name was Steve and welcomed me to
the Breakers.  "If this is anything at all we can do to make
your stay more pleasant, just let me or my wife Lisa know."  
I checked in, got my bags in the room, and stripped down to my
blue jeans cutoffs.  I grabbed my stash and headed out for a
walk on the beach.  I got down the beach a couple of hundred
feet away from the lights and toked up.  Thinking to myself, 
'This if fuckin' sweet!'  The breeze from the Gulf caressed my
skin as waves of body rushes traveled like electricity through 
me, as I strolled the beach with no particular direction in mind.  
Time passed and I was ready to return to the Breakers.  The
people on the beach were thinning out by then and the noise 
from the beach highway was dying down as it was getting late...
maybe Midnight or later.  Trudging up the sand bank to the hotel
deck area, I spotted one of the two hot tubs adjacent to the
swimming pool deck.  Back in my room, I grabbed a couple of more
beers and my hash pipe.  That hot tub just looked too good!  I
headed out to soak and relax. 
Poised at the edge of the hot tub, I realized that I had not
changed into my swim trunks.  No fucking way I was going back
to my room again.  Looking around, the courtyard and deck area
were deserted and only a couple of the condo units had lights 
remaining on.  I dropped my cutoffs at the edge of the tub and
stepped in, immersing myself in the warm, bubbly water.  
From the corner of my eye, I thought that I spotted the curtains
move behind a patio door at the rear of the manager's apartment.
The hot tub had underwater spotlights, but the lights around the
deck were turned down low.  While I didn't feel on display, I
realized that anyone who looked out could have seen me.  From
experience living the past year near the beach, I knew attitudes
about exposure were pretty laid back.  I figured that if the
manager had a problem with my nudity, the worst that would happen
would be a warning to cover back up.  As I soaked and absorbed
the warmth of the water, I fired up my hash pipe and "chased" the
expanding smoke with the cold beer.  A few minutes passed and a
couple of tokes later, I again caught a movement of the drapery
on the manager's patio door.  Ideas were beginning to form in my
head.  Time for some Fun!!  Leaning back against the edge of the
tub, I stretched out my arms to my sides to grasp the lip on the
hot tub.  I extended my legs and relaxed, allowing my body to
float to the water's surface.  As the cooling air washed over
the front of my body I felt heat course from within down through
my loins to my toes.  Again....a flutter of the drapes.  I didn't
yet want to reveal that I knew I was being watched, and discreetly
monitored the movements out of the corner of my eye.  My "private"
area that would normally be covered by swim trunks stood out
starkly white in contrast to my deep suntan.  As my dick hardened,
the "pink snake" pointed upward and lay across my tanned belly.
With the spotlights at the bottom of the tub and the low-level
deck lighting, I was clearly "letting it all hang out" for anyone
looking to clearly see.  The drapes moved again, this time
apparently being opened a couple of inches and staying open.
I saw a bit of movement in the darkness beyond them, and as I
continued to observe, I realized that there were two figures. 
One smaller with a larger, taller figure standing behind. 
I grazed my fingers across my prick, which by now had hardened
to a throb.  Jesus!!!  This is great!  The body rushes charged
up and down through my body.  I felt so fucking hot.....I was at
fucking heaven's gates.  I had to get off, and do it soon.
I grasped my pole in my right hand, and slowly and firmly began
to stroke it straight up and down.  I didn't give a fuck who saw me,
and the knowledge of my nearby voyeurs had me hot beyond reason.
The temperature must have been going up in the manager's apartment
too.  The drapes slowly opened to where at least a foot of window
was cleared, and I could see the two figures more clearly looming
in the darkness.  I now knew for sure that it was indeed Steve the
desk manager who had checked me in a couple of hours earlier.  The
smaller figure by his side was a petite female, but I couldn't
really see much more except there was enough light to tell that
they were nude like me.  So they liked to spy on the guests huh?
I'll give 'em what they're looking for then!
I was getting a little too hot in the tub, so I stepped out and
grabbed a towel from a nearby shelf and slowly dried myself.   
I made sure to face toward the manager's apartment and moved in 
such a way as to make my hard dick bob and sway around in the 
light shining from the tub.  I walked over to the side of the deck
closest to their door and pulled up a chaise lounge to recline upon.
I closed my eyes to a mere squint and continued my jacking off.
I was no more than fifteen feet from their door and there was no
mistaking what I was doing from that distance.  My boldness paid
off as the spying couple seemed to relax themselves and move closer
to the door.  The pretenses were now gone.  I opened my eyes and
turned my head squarely toward the patio door continuing to take
long, slow strokes on my stiff prick which was proudly pointing
up towards the stars.  The couple was now visible and it was easy
to see that the Steve was sliding his pole into his partner from
behind, as they both were riveted to the sight of me on the pool
deck outside.  Pre cum was oozing from the head of my prick and
running down the shaft like honey.  I slid my hand up and down
the slippery shaft as my heat grew.  'What the Fuck', I thought
as an idea came to me.  I continued to stroke my hot shaft and
palm my balls, all the while keeping eye contact with my new
"friends."  I slowly drew my feet to the sides of the lounge
and stood, slowing walking toward the patio door.  I just stood
and jacked furiously in front of the glass.  I saw Steve stop
fucking his companion and walk across the room.  Not knowing what
he had in mind, I panicked momentarily until I saw him switch on
a small lamp in the corner of the room.  Just enough light to
allow me to see everything clearly now.  He returned to his lady
and turned her so that she was standing facing away from the door.
He grabbed her long hair and pulled it back from her face, using
the mane of hair to guide her mouth to his cock.  As he slid into
her throat, his thrusting pushed her ass up to the window.
The hot little slut reached back and spread her cheeks and stroked
her bare pussy for all it was worth. 
I could see the delirious look in the man's eyes as he pulled out
of his partner's cunt.  He turned her to the side and pushed her
to her knees.  Immediately a load of cum squirted from his prick
and splashed across her face and drooled down onto her tits. 
The white, scummy paste was plastered across her nose and cheeks
around to one of her ears besides coating her pillowy tits and
nipples.  No sooner had the last pulse of cum charged out of his
cockhead than he dropped to his knees and began to lap his own
fresh cum from her body.  As he cleaned an area and got a mouth 
full of juices, he would engage her is a sloppy, gooey kiss.  
Each savored the cum fluid until there was no trace remaining.  
This was just too fucking much!!!  I had to get off!!!  My balls
tightened up and exploded a load of warm, white cum juice against
the window of their apartment.  Fucking Great!!!  My legs had turned
to rubber and the effects of the hash forced me to return to the
lounge and lay back.  The sexually charged scene before me though
did not allow my prick to go down in spite of just having blown such
a huge wad.  I very slowly stroked my now ultra sensitive tool as
the couple inside began to move about.  I then heard a soft click
and sliding noise as the patio door unlocked and slowly opened.  
This sweet vision of loveliness stepped out onto the deck.  With 
no more than a quick smile my way and a twinkle in her eye, she 
dropped to her knees outside the window and lapped at my deposit 
of cum on the door glass.  She licked up every last drop before 
she allowed herself to stand and turn toward me.  She just stood 
in place and silently watched me continue to stroke my tool.  
Jesus fuckin' Christ she was beautiful!  'So this must be Steve's 
wife Lisa." I thought.  I took this time to study the details for
the first time.  Maybe in her middle or late twenties, long auburn
hair falling to the middle of her back, framing the face of a sweet,
innocent angel.  Her glossy, tanned flesh literally glowed as she
stood.  Her hands traced her nipples and hefted her perfect breasts.
Soon her eyes began to close as her left hand traced a line to her
shaved pussy lips.  She spread the juices dripping from her upper
thighs as her crotch glistened in the lights.  If was only then
that I spotted the engagement diamond and wedding ring on her finger.
This sight confirming that she was Steve's wife Lisa, and he
obviously didn't have a problem with showing her off to other men.
If there was any doubt in my mind about this, it was forgotten as 
she now stepped toward me her gaze locked in with mine.  As she 
stood next to my lounge, she hungrily stared at my rampant prick 
sliding through my fingers.  Her head turned back to the patio door 
and made eye contact with her husband still inside.  I knew he was 
getting off on the scene too, stroking his renewed hardon for all 
it was worth.  She took one more step to straddle the lounge, and 
stood over me touching herself.  Her eyes were a mixture of 
passion and desperation...an almost pained expression as her 
fingers traveled over her lovely gaping cunt hole.  Every glimmer 
of her diamond ring reminding me of what should have been the 
"forbidden fruits" of a married woman and of her husband standing 
nearby getting off on his slut wife's abandoned behavior.
I knew that this couple was clearly into watching others and being 
watched.  I also knew that they both loved cum.  I wondered if he 
just liked to lick up "cream pies" or if he liked it directly from 
the source.  She was just too sweet to believe, but here she was...
about to impale herself on my cock while on a hotel pool deck.  She 
knew that her husband stood watching her, and who knows whoever else 
might have looked out of their condo window and spotted us?  She ever 
so slowly bent those superb legs and lowered her glistening cunt to 
my cockhead.  I rubbed my mushroom over the soft, wet lips in my 
first, electrifying contact with this fox of the night.  The flesh, 
warmth, and fluid sensation enveloped me in lust and bliss.  The knob 
of my cock beginning the journey into her sweet pussy was on its own 
now, as my hands wrapped around those incredible hips and ass 
cheeks....my first touch to her body.  We continued our hypnotic
 stare of each other as my prick slid to the depths of her cunt.  
With her now completely impaled on my hot meat, we shared our first 
kiss, and as if on cue we both turned our heads to the door and 
watched her husband furiously jacking his cock. 
Now I am lying there on my back with this unbelievably hot, sweet
 slut laid across the top of me and impaled on my prick.  As we lay
 with our faces side by side watching her husband jack off, I 
steadily rocked my hips to deep-fuck this hot cunt.  "I get so 
fucking hot being a slut for Steve," As she spoke her first words 
to me.  "Maybe he should join us," I replied.  Her cunt clamped 
down on my prick as she heard those words and a swoon overtook her.
"Would you mind?" She asked,  "Some men get uptight being so close
to another man."  This was playing out perfectly.  I really do love 
women ...everything about them.  A man doesn't really turn me on, 
but I love to suck cock.  I am also addicted to public scenes and 
showing off.  "Motion for him to come out here," I answered "and 
we'll see what develops."  It must have been what Lisa wanted to 
hear, because she pushed down hard on my prick and plunged her 
tongue into my mouth and moaning through her first orgasm with 
me.  She didn't realize, but I imagined that it was her husband's 
hard cock as she swirled her tongue in my mouth.  There is very 
little that I enjoy more than fucking away with a hot fox while 
sucking on a hard piece of man flesh.  After she caught her breath, 
she looked directly across to her husband, then kind of winked and 
smiled at him.  He understood and stepped out onto the deck.  
I had seen him earlier of course while checking in, but fully 
clothed.  I knew that he was about my height and build - about 
six feet tall with a slim, lean body.  He was also about my age - 
late twenties.  But unlike my dark hair and hairy body, Steve was 
blond haired with a smooth body.  His cock was also shaved like 
mine, but much longer and slimmer.  I have a nice cock.....about 
seven inches, but very thick....nearly seven inches around also.  
Steve's tool was slender but at least nine inches long with these 
delicious, huge balls hanging in a freshly shaved smooth ball sac.  
I had to have me some of that!  All there was to it!!  I told Lisa
to sit up on my cock.  Then I asked Steve to come over and fuck his 
wife's face while I watched from below.  I lay on my back with this 
live, walking wet dream gripping my prick in her hot pussy while 
this luscious hunk of man meat slid through her lips.  I reached up 
and filled my hands with her hanging tit flesh and pinched on her 
nipples.  I began to pull her by the nipples down to me.  This 
caused Steve to have to crouch lower above me.  I guess the 
position began to become uncomfortable for him, as he started to
 step back to the side.  I quickly reached up and gently grabbed 
his hips and pulled him down on my face.  I licked over his balls 
for just a moment and told him to just sit down on the end of the 
chaise lounge.  So here he was....straddling the seat and seated 
just above my head facing Lisa.  I directed Lisa to begin jacking 
Steve's cock while I tipped my head back and nuzzled and licked his 
balls.  The reality of what was happening must have hit Lisa 
suddenly as her body again tightened up and froze in orgasm.  
I am sure glad the slut likes to suck cock.  If Steve's dick hadn't 
been down her throat she would have had everybody in the place awakened.
Lisa then stood up and got down on all fours on the deck.  I slipped
back into her hot, ready cunt from behind.  Steve stood over her and
I grabbed his butt cheeks and pulled him to me, stuffing his dick into
my mouth.  His long, thin spearlike dick was a cocksuckers dream.  
He was hot and tasted great, a mixture of male cum and Lisa's juices.
I continued to saw my prick into Lisa's cunt as I plunged  Steve's 
long spear down my throat.  I finally emptied my load into Lisa as
Steve's cock throbbed deep in my throat.  There is something about
shooting a load in a hot pussy while taking another man's cum in my
mouth at the same time.  Nothing Better!

I knew that this was the start to a perfect vacation!

To be continued.
Bob <terrehauteguy@att.net>

Individuals are encouraged to provide feedback and suggestions to
the author.  All content is the author's intellectual property 
and thus is subject to restrictions.Content may not be used or
reposted without express permission of the author.



