Cynthia Palmers New Life Chapter 6, Settling in for college
By redlegtiger
Redlegtiger@hotmail.com

Please remember that this is fantasy and anyone thinking that they should do these things in real life, deserve to be locked up and have the key thrown away and play sissy slut to their cell mate for eternity. If you are not at least 18 years of age please leave.

Join the conversation at http://groups.google.com/group/redlegtigers-tigers-den where you can comment on all of my stories as well as many fantasies and stories of fans. We would love for you to drop in and comment, leave pictures or even post a story yourself.

Redlegtigers Tigers Den Chat: Every Wednesday evening from 7 pm to 11 pm 
Central U.S. time, I will be conducting a live group chat. Come and join the conversation. Just about all topics are discussed. Meet some of the real life people that have inspired characters in the story. The chat is on Windows Live Messenger(Formerly MSN messenger). Just use redlegtiger@hotmail.com to IM me and join the conversation.

ILLUSTRATOR WANTED  Would like to have this story illustrated for the benefit of the fans. If any of you have talent and would like to showcase your ability, please contact me. I will give appropriate credit to the artist. Keep in mind that this is a free story and I do want to keep it that way.

Chapter 6: Settling in for college


The trip to college was quite the trip for cynful. You see, when youre riding with a sex crazed dog, like Teddy, that seems to want sex every couple of hours, a simple four day trek across country becomes quite the adventure. At first, they would stop at a rest area and cynful would take Teddy to the very back of the rest area as much out of sight as possible and let him fuck her. They found though that they were getting farther and farther behind schedule.

When they stopped for dinner that first day, Rob finally told cynful, Im sorry hon, but you are going to have to take care of Teddy in the car. We are over two hours behind schedule now and need to make it up if we are going to arrive on time for registration Friday.

They finished dinner and got on the road again. cynful sat in the back seat with Teddy lying down and taking over half of the seat away. They hadnt been on the road but about ten to fifteen minutes before Teddy was up on his feet and nuzzling cynfuls tits and face, licking them over and over. Finally cynful took her blouse and pants off. She got up on the seat on her hands and knees. It didnt take but a few seconds before Teddy was up on the seat behind her and licking her from her clit to her asshole.

They hadnt been in that position more than a few seconds before they heard a honk. When cynful opened her eyes and looked out of the window she saw a car that was beside them that was loaded with a bunch of college age boys. cynful blushed at being exposed like that and was starting to think about quitting when she felt Teddy launch up onto her back. He soon had his cock sunk into cynfuls juicy cunt and began to fuck her with the abandon that only dogs have.

The guys in the car beside them cheered and cynful thought she heard them a lot louder this time. She had been so into the fuck that she hadnt noticed that Rob had rolled the windows down. She suddenly felt the wind blowing in her face and could hear everything they yelled but with the roar of the wind covering it. cynful looked out of the window, initially with little focus in her eyes as she was concentrating on the pleasure she was receiving from Teddy. She eventually looked into the eyes of one of the college aged boys and smiled at him, licking her lips as sexily as possible. She wanted to tease them as much as possible while she was being so royally fucked by Teddy. The added excitement at her public exposure pushed her into a massive cum like no other. The guys cheered as it was obvious to anyone looking that she was in ecstasy.

For the next fifteen minutes, the two lanes of the Interstate were blocked as the two cars drove side by side through the rural and desolate countryside of Montana. When Teddy came and turned ass end to ass end with her, the boys finally figured that the show was over and passed them. The built up traffic seemed to go around them very slowly as she recovered from the excitement of her first ever public fuck in the car. She couldnt tell what was more exciting, the fuck from Teddy or the fact that it had been witnessed while they were driving down the road. Either way, she was sure that it would happen more than once during their trip.

That evening when they pulled into their hotel in Billings Montana, cynful finally got dressed again, just long enough to get checked into the hotel.
As they were unloading the suitcases to their room, the car full of college aged boys pulled up alongside their car and started piling out of the car. The ones at the far side of the car hadnt seen Rob or cynful and headed to their rooms but the ones that were getting out on the side where Rob and cynful were getting their luggage recognized the car.

One of the boys went up to Rob and introduced himself saying, Hey, my name is Gary. My friends and I sure loved the show your sweet little thing gave us on the highway this afternoon. Our friends are never going to believe us when we get back to campus and tell them. That had to be the hottest thing any of us have ever seen. Do you guys always do that kind of kinky stuff?

Rob answered, No, but Teddy here is such a horny dog that we had to do something. This beauty here is my wife Cynthia and she is a sinful little slut. I tell you what, get your buddies and come down to room 117 and shell put on another show for you. Give us about an hour so we can get cleaned up. The two young men shook hands and parted.

Rob and cynful were soon in the room with Teddy. The two of them immediately went into the bathroom and had a quick mutual shower. Rob washed cynful, spending extra time cleaning her tits and cunt. He ended up eating her out and bringing her to a quick cum. cynful then washed him and once she had him clean, she got down on her knees and sucked his cock down her throat. She spent the next few minutes, worshipping Robs cock with her tongue in every way she knew how. Soon she was swallowing down his load of cum. When she was done she stood up and kissed Rob and hugged him as the warm water cascaded down over them.

Rob finally broke the hug and turned off the water. He said, Were going to have guests coming soon. I want you to show the boys a good time and put on a wonderful show with Teddy. Give them something to talk about for the rest of their lives.

cynful answered, Should I wear the red teddy that I wore for the show?

Rob smiled at the memory and said, Why dont you wear the cape too and give the boys a modified version of your performance with just Teddy. Im sure they would love that.

cynful just smiled and dug into her suitcase for her red teddy she used to train teddy with. The difference between this one and the one in the show was that this one was held together with Velcro that would rip apart while the one at the show just had the seams weakened so that it actually ripped. She was soon dressed and waiting, sitting on the bed. 

Moments after she and Rob had gotten dressed, there was a knock on the door. Rob opened the door and let the six college guys in. They brought in a cooler filled with cold beer and after passing a bottle out to everyone, they visited for a few minutes. It seemed that they had just spent the summer, hiking through the Cascades and were on their way back to college at the University of Nebraska. After a few minutes of sharing their stories about the summer, they asked about Rob and cynful. They told very little of their true story. The jist of what they told them was that they were a newlywed couple that 
had just finished their honeymoon and that cynful was a kinky slut that liked to do wild and crazy things like they did in the car.

After about a half hour of visiting and getting to know each other, cynful went from guy to guy and sat beside them just long enough to allow her to get him hard and ready to go and then she would go on to the next guy. Finally Rob caught her eyes and nodded the go ahead. He had Teddy by the collar and cynful went into the bathroom for a minute. When she paraded out, she did so dressed up in her Little Red Riding Hood outfit. The guys looked at her with lust but also with confusion. It wasnt until Teddy got into the act that they began to realize that a show was being put on for their benefit. They cheered as it looked like Teddy and cynful were actually talking with each other.

They cheered even louder when it looked like Teddy was tearing the red teddy off of a very unwilling cynful. Then they cheered even louder as Teddy began to fuck cynful again, giving them an up close and personal view of the action. When Teddy launched up on her back to fuck her this time, she reached back and guided his cock into her asshole. When Teddy was pounding away at her ass, cynful gasped out and said, Ive got two holes left for a couple of you studs. Now get over here and get busy.

The two more adventurous of the young men went over to cynful. One slid under her and lined his cock up with her cunt while the second presented his cock to her mouth. cynful was in her world now, the world of the slutty sex slave who took on all comers for her beloved master. She was soon cumming over and over again as each of the guys quickly came and was replaced.

Teddy, for his part, lasted a whole lot longer than normal. By the time he knotted cynful and came, four of the guys had cum and the other two were in the process of fucking her or being sucked off better than they had ever been done before.

For the next couple of hours, cynful entertained her guests, each one fucking her at least twice and a couple of them three times. It was finally about twelve thirty in the morning when the guys left. cynful went into the bathroom to clean up and when she was done, crawled into bed next to Rob and cuddled with him. Teddy jumped up on the bed and lay down on the opposite side of her. cynful slept the sleep of someone who was truly exhausted.

The rest of the trip went similarly with the exception that they didnt have any more orgies at the end of the day. cynful did provide many a passer by a wonderful show of her being Teddys bitch in every way possible. She actually found it exciting to have complete strangers driving by and catching glimpses, and some even slowing down for the full show. Rob at times had a hard time driving straight due to the distraction of watching the two going at it in the back seat. But the overall goal of arriving by Thursday night was met. They pulled into town just after midnight Friday Morning with registration for them beginning at nine a.m. for Rob and ten a.m. for Cynthia. They checked into a hotel for the night as it was too late to get the key for the house they would be staying in.

The next morning they went straight to registration and spent the morning at the university signing up for the classes they had been registered for and picking up their books. While Rob was standing in line to try and change one of his classes, he met a beautiful, mocha colored African American named LaTesha Morgan that was about 5 feet 9 inches, had 34C breasts and weighed 123 lbs. She was very well built and looked as if she worked out quite a bit. There was something about the way she carried herself that made her stand out in Robs eyes. He struck up a conversation with her and found out that she was a junior in the Business College. Rob found her to be rather charming and after spending the better part of an hour together in line they were on their way to becoming friends. LaTesha couldnt remember her address that she had just moved into that week and of course Rob hadnt even picked up the keys to his apartment so he didnt even know where they would live. They parted telling each other that they hoped they would see each other again though both thought the chances of that were slim since he was in medical school and she was a junior undergraduate student.

After touring campus Rob and cynful went to the address they were given to get the key to their house. The organization rented them a house that had a large fenced in yard with an eight foot privacy fence. It took them a while to find the house but it ended up being fairly close to the medical school and a fair distance from the Veterinary school. The main college campus was closer to the Veterinary school as well so they had to make arrangements for Cynthia to be able to get to classes before Monday. About a half hour after they arrived, and while they were both bringing in their luggage and boxes that you would typically see with students, Teddy came up and barked at cynful. She looked at Rob to see what he would say and with hope in her eyes.

Rob heard Teddys bark. He looked over at him and saw that he was jamming his nose up into cynfuls crotch and then he would back up and bark at her again. He said with a laugh, Take him out back and give him what he wants.  You know you want to and the yard is huge. I doubt that anyone can see into the yard anyway.

cynful beamed a huge smile at Rob. She hadnt enjoyed any attention all day and it was getting toward evening. She was used to sex four or five times a day by that time, most with Teddy. As she stripped out of her clothes she said, Thank you Master. Ive been feeling rather neglected today. Ill be back as soon as Teddy is done to help unpack. She turned and ran towards the back door with Teddy bounding along besides her barking excitedly. He knew he would be getting to play with his human slave soon.

cynful and Teddy ran out the back door and out into the yard. They wrestled for a bit before Teddy rolled over onto his back and barked at her. cynful reached over with her hand and began massaging Teddys sheath. When his cock began to extend out, cynful bent over and sucked the end into her mouth. She hummed in excitement and pleasure at the pleasure she was giving her canine master. Teddy was staring at her panting heavily as he watched her work on his expanding cock.

LaTesha had gone home immediately after she had finished changing the class she wanted. She thought about the young man she met there and hoped that she would meet him again. She liked him because most white men wouldnt even look at an African American female, even though her skin was a mocha color and looked like she had a deep tan. She got the distinct impression that he was checking her out. When she finally got back to her house she noticed that she was the first one home. She thought, God I could sure use a good cunt lapping right now. I cant wait until Susie gets home. That little subbie of mine can sure suck cunt good.

LaTesha went about unpacking a few boxes that she hadnt gotten to in the last couple of days. She was just finishing up with the last box when she heard a faint barking. She knew that the house next door had been empty the last few days. She hoped that if they had a dog that he was well trained. She didnt want to spend nights with a barking dog keeping her awake. The dog kept barking like he was playing so she became interested in what was going on.

LaTesha decided to take a look out of the window and see if she could see the new neighbor. What she saw absolutely stunned her. She couldnt see very well because of the distance but she could tell that there was a woman in the back yard and she was naked as the day she was born. She could see that she was bending over something. After a few moments she saw it move and could make out that it was a dog. As she watched she saw the womans head moving up and down like she was

LaTesha opened her mouth in shock as realization dawned on her and she said aloud to no one, My god shes sucking that dog off. I have got to get Susie a dog. That is so hot. She stuck her hands down and began to rub her clit and fuck her finger into her cunt.

LaTesha was on the verge of cumming a few seconds later when Susie entered the bedroom. LaTesha looked at her with lust crazed eyes that caused Suzie to shudder. LaTesha ordered, Hurry up and strip off, get max and come here. I need a good hard fuck.

Susie didnt dare object. It was always bad when she ordered her to get max. She could barely take the huge cock into her cunt. It hurt every time she fucked her with it. She stripped hurriedly out of her clothes and then ran to get max. She hurried back and handed Latesha the huge strap on dildo. The cock on the dildo was a monster at thirteen inches long and two and a half inches wide. LaTesha had stripped out of her clothes while Susie was getting max and she was ready. She inserted the smaller four inch cock into her cunt, making sure that the raised nub was on her clit.  When she had it on tight she ordered, Put your hands on the window sill and look into the neighbors back yard. I want you to imagine that its that cock fucking you and not me.

Susie followed LaTeshas orders and bent over, putting her hands onto the window sill. When she looked into the back yard she saw the woman there bobbing her head up and down. She couldnt quite make out what she was doing but she looked like she was giving a blow job. She suddenly felt her cunt being stretched out obscenely by the huge dildo. She had been fucked by it numerous times but it hurt every time she thrust it in and continued to hurt for the first few strokes until her cunt stretched to adapt. This time LaTesha didnt take her time either. She forced it in to the hilt as hard and fast as she could gasping in pleasure to the counterpoint scream of pain from Susie.

As the dildo sank into Susies cunt, she remembered what her mistress had told her about imagining that it was the cock in the neighbors yard. But she didnt see a cock though it looked like the girl was giving a blow job. Finally the girl moved around and she got a glimpse at the massively huge dog she was sucking. This happened just as LaTesha bottomed out in her cunt. She grunted at the sudden pain and her face went white at the thought of what she knew her mistress was thinking. Susie thought, She wouldnt dare. Not with a dog. I wont do it.

It seemed as if LaTesha had been listening in on Susies thoughts as she fucked in and out of her cunt. She said, I can tell that you just realized that the neighbor girl is sucking the dogs cock. And yes, I am going to get you one and teach you how to do that and much more. And dont even think of refusing or Ill send those pictures to mommy and daddy of what you were up to last year. Im sure they would like to know what a drunken, bondage, lezzie slut their daughter is.  When I get done here, Im going next door to introduce myself. Now just watch the action and see where your future lies.

LaTesha reached under Susie and grabbed hold of her nipple rings and began to twist and pull them. Susie soon launched into a massive orgasm, followed by another and another. She had three more before LaTesha came from fucking her.

After LaTesha recovered from her cum, she undid the buckles and straps of the dildo. She left the huge monster in the collapsed heap that was her slave. She patted Susie on the ass and whispered in her ear, I want you to clean the dildo up when youve recovered enough. Im going over to meet our new neighbors.

cynful continued sucking oblivious of her audience. She turned so that her ass was next to Teddys head so she could get more of his cock down her throat. She soon felt him licking her thigh. She decided she wanted some stimulation as well. She straddled his head and lowered her cunt until it was a fraction of an inch above his snout. Teddy took one long swipe with his tongue, licking from her asshole to her clit. cynful moaned in pleasure around Teddys ever growing cock, adding to his pleasure. He then attacked her wet and dripping slit with a vengeance. It was only a few moments later that she moaned out her first good cum from Teddys licking. His knot was just beginning to swell at that time. He kept licking and licking and cynful began to get more and more excited.

At the ten minute mark, Teddy was just getting to the point where his knot was about halfway to its normal size. cynful quickly turned around and impaled herself on his cock and forced the already three inch knot into her cunt and began to fuck her canine master.

That was when Rob was interrupted unpacking a box by a knock on the door. 
When he opened it he exclaimed, LaTesha! What are you doing here?

LaTesha was just as surprised as Rob was and answered, Well hello to you too. I just thought I would welcome my new neighbors to the neighborhood. Its a small world isnt it? Just this morning we met and started to become friends and here we are neighbors. How about introducing me to that wonderful wife you told me so much about?

Rob went up to the bedroom, forgetting that cynful was out in the back yard with Teddy. When he remembered what they were doing out back he turned around, with a full blush going, and said, Uhhmm uhhmmm sssshe

LaTesha quickly guessed he was trying to find a way to tell her something other than what was really going on and make an excuse for her. She smiled and decided to go right for the throat. She said, Shes in the back yard sucking off your dog the last I saw. How about taking me out and introducing us. Im sure she wont mind. I sure wont. She gave Rob a wink when she said it and grabbed his hand and led him down the stairs and to the back door.

LaTesha opened the back door and walked out to the patio and saw cynful facing them bouncing up and down on Teddys cock. LaTesha let go of Robs hand and clapped in excitement.

cynful had her eyes closed as she enjoyed fucking Teddys wonderful cock. 
She suddenly heard clapping and when she opened her eyes she saw a tall statuesque African American woman standing next to Rob clapping. She blushed a little at the unexpected audience. But she was used to having an audience and if she was with Master Rob, there was no reason for her to stop. She waved at the girl with a smile just as she launched into a massive cum. She screamed out her cum, letting the guest know that she loved what she was doing. Finally she fell forward onto her hands and knees and gasped for breath.

Back at LaTeshas house, Susie was just coming around after her serious fucking from her mistress. Max, the huge dildo, was still stuck in her cunt with the straps hanging down. Susie began to regain her coherence and pushed herself up. She looked out of the window just as cynful quit sucking Teddy. She watched in amazement, her mouth dropping open in surprise as she saw the new neighbor begin to squat over the dog. She thought, Surely shes not going to fuck the dog. Thats so perverted!

Susie couldnt see very well and she strained to see more. She remembered that her mistress had an antique set of opera glasses that she had gotten recently when her grandmother died. She got up and ran to the drawer that she stored it in for safe keeping. She got back just as cynful began to fuck the dog. With the opera glasses she could see quite distinctly, every bit of the action between cynful and Teddy. Susie felt her excitement growing and absentmindedly reached down and started to fuck herself with her left hand pushing and pulling the huge dildo in and out. Her right elbow was perched on the windowsill and she held the opera glasses in her right hand. She had her eyes glued to the glasses and watched as she fucked herself. She was really getting into the debauchery of what she was doing when she suddenly saw the new neighbor wave, never missing a beat, as she continued fucking the dog.

Susie moved her gaze in the direction that the neighbor had waved and soon stopped on her mistress standing beside a guy. She gasped in surprise and then moved back to cynful who was fucking with abandon now. She watched as the girl launched into what had to be a massive orgasm. Again Susie was amazed at the feelings this instilled in her. She was fucking the dildo in and out of her cunt as rapidly as she could. She was more excited than she ever had been.

As cynful knelt there on all fours trying to get her breath, Rob introduced her to LaTesha as if this was a normal every day occurrence at some party instead of a naked young college student kneeling on all fours with a huge dog cock up her cunt. Cynful gasped out hello as she finally got her breath and sat back up and began to fuck Teddy in earnest. Her beautiful tits were bouncing up and down in rhythm with her thrusts and counterthrusts as she fucked her canine master.

LaTesha noticed cynfuls nipple and clit rings and the bright red brands on her tits that said, CYNFUL on the right tit and KNOTSLUT on the left tit. LaTesha grimaced at the obvious pain that must have caused her but recognized the signs of what they meant. While she continued to watch cynful fuck Teddy she said, Rob I see that Cynthia has a brand on her tits and has pierced nipples and clit. I take it you have a Dom/sub relationship?

Rob looked at LaTesha and saw the lust that was in her eyes and that there was no condemnation at all there. He didnt want to just volunteer their master/slave relationship yet though so he said, Why do you ask?

LaTesha recognized the question for the dodge it was and decided she would break the ice on the subject. She answered, Well I have my own little sub slave over at the house. As a matter of fact when I first saw your wife sucking Teddy here, I made her watch out of the window while I fucked her with my monster strap on. I hadnt thought about having her fuck a dog before. God that has to be one of the hottest things Ive ever seen. So is Cynthia a sub?

Rob realized that their neighbor wasnt going to be a problem with their lifestyle so he answered truthfully, Yes LaTesha, she is. She is not only my wife but my slave in every way. Her slave name is cynfulknotslut or cynful for short. As a mistress, please feel free to call her that. I will instruct her that you are to be treated as a mistress at all times. If you want your sub to get some pointers, feel free to bring her over for some sessions with cynful. Im glad this isnt a problem with you. We were a bit worried about what the neighbors might think. As a matter of fact, if I had known you could see the back yard from your house, I wouldnt have allowed cynful to have her romp out here. But Im glad she did.

LaTesha answered, I understand. I have three other roommates besides my sub Susie. One is 19 and two are 18 with one of the 18 year olds having her 18th birthday today. They arent aware of Susies and my true relationship and for now I would like to keep it that way. They just think were a couple of lezzies. At least theyre cool with us sleeping together. I think they are planning a little party for her this evening. I have to go to work soon so wont be able to be there or I would invite you over. I dont think it would be fair to them to have you show up without knowing any of them. Well plan a little get together next weekend.

LaTesha continued with Susies tale saying, Susies an interesting case. 
For quite a few reasons, there was no way I could leave Susie to her own devices in the dorms. We were roommates last year and she was out partying all night almost every night. She was a party animal, coming back drunk, loud, and waking me up every time. She was on the road to flunking out because she would stay out until two or three in the morning. She was starting to interfere with my grades so I finally decided to do something about it. One Friday while she was partying, I went to a localadult store and got some toys. When she returned at 4 am, I helped her strip and get into bed. She was so drunk that she never noticed when I put cuffs on her wrists until it was too late. Then it was easy to add a spreader bar, dildo and butt plug to the mix. She woke up at 3pm that day and asked me what was going on and demanded to be released. I told her I was pissed at her for continually coming in and waking me up in the early morning hours. I showed her the pictures I took of her after I had her all bound up and even got a timed one with me eating her cunt out. I was wearing a wig to disguise who I really was and hid my face so they cant tell whether Im black or white. When I told her she had better straighten up or I would send those pictures to her parents, she got belligerent with me. I knew she hadnt been to the bathroom since she had come in earlier in the morning. I realized that she probably had to go like crazy so I pulled her legs up by the spreader bar until her cunt was over her face. She begged and begged me to let her go but I told her that it was obvious from her attitude that she hadnt changed and I wasnt going to put up with it. When she learned that I wasnt going to let her go until she pissed on her self, she really started to beg. I just ignored her until she couldnt hold it any more. When she started pissing, I twisted her nipples and caused her to scream. She got a mouthful of piss and started coughing and crying like crazy. After she pissed on herself I sat down at the computer and started writing an email to her parents. That woke her up and she began to beg and promise she would be good. When she did I laid out the rules. The deal was simple at the start, she could go out one night a week, and had to bein by 2am. She could not cut a class, or score less than 85% on any exam, or she would pay a penalty. For about the first month everything was fine but then she fell off the wagon. This time I was more than pissed off. By thetime the weekend was over she was calling me Mistress and I had her nipples and clit hood pierced and she had a red ass and tits. Shes been quite a compliant little sub since then. Shell do just about anything I want within reason. She did balk a bit when I told her to dream that the dildo I was fucking her with belonged to Teddy there. I must say, it excited the hell out of me to imagine it was Susie fucking him.

Just as LaTesha was finishing her story she caught a glint of light from the direction of her house. She looked over and saw Suzie in the window watching. She looked hard and realized that Suzie had gotten out her grandmothers antique opera glasses. She said angrily aloud to herself, That little bitch. She knows that shes not supposed to touch those glasses. Im going to have to punish her ass.

LaTesha fumed as she watched cynful fucking Teddy. Her mind was trying to think of a way to make Susie pay for taking her precious opera glasses. They were something that had been passed down from generation to generation.  No telling how old they really were. As she watched cynful fucking Teddy, an idea began to form. Finally she said, cynful, you seem to have acquired an audience over at my house. Why dont you wave at the second story window and wave at the little voyeur and then wave her down? I want her to meet you.

cynful immediately followed orders. She turned toward the house next door and diverted her eyes to the window Susie was at. She waved excitedly at her and then waved for her to join her.

Susie had been watching and fucking herself, oblivious to anything else. 
She closed her eyes momentarily as she neared orgasm. When she opened them again, she was shocked into inaction by what she saw. The neighbor girl was looking straight at her and waving. Then she began to wave for her to join her. Susie almost dropped the opera glasses. She definitely stopped fucking herself. She soon got control of her emotions and moved the glasses so she could see her mistress. What she saw scared her. She could see from her mistresss face that she was angry. She also saw that she was pointing to the ground in front of her as she stared at the window.

Susie was truly scared now. Mistress was angry at her for something and she didnt want to incur any more of her wrath. She quickly jumped up and grabbed a terrycloth robe and began to run down the stairs and out of the house as she struggled to put it on. To anyone looking, they would have laughed at the way she was running. In her panic, she had left the dildo in her cunt and it caused her to waddle in a very funny way. She even forgot to put the opera glasses down. Halfway to the neighbors house she realized she still had them and in a panic, put it in her robes pocket.

When Susie got to the neighbors house she immediately entered the back yard through the front gate. She waddled as fast as she could around to the back of the house. She didnt stop until she was in front of her mistress and kneeling.

LaTesha waited a few seconds before she said anything. When she finally began to speak she said angrily, You filthy little cunt. After all Ive done for you, you cant even follow a simple order. Now I want you to think back a couple of weeks. I gave you a very specific order about something. Do you remember what that order was you stupid cunt?

Susie was so panicked that she couldnt remember an order from a few minutes ago, let alone from a couple of weeks ago. Her pause was too long however and suddenly she felt a sharp stabbing pain in her cheeks from where her mistress slapped her. She fell over screaming from the force of the blow. Suddenly she heard her mistress yell in an even angrier voice, Get back in position you stupid cunt and answer my question.

Susie was shaking in fear so much, she could barely move. When she eventually got into position, she whispered dejectedly, I I I dddont remember mistress.

LaTesha angrily said, Ill give you a little hint you stupid cunt. You were just using it to watch cynful fucking Teddy. Do you remember what Im talking about now you stupid bitch?

Susie did remember and she immediately remembered the orders her mistress had given her. She was to never touch the opera glasses for any reason, even if her life depended on them. Her face went white as she knew she had seriously screwed up. She quickly fell down and wrapped her arms around her mistresss feet and began to beg, Please forgive me mistress. I forgot. Im so sorry. Please dont punish me. Ill do anything for you if you forgive me.

LaTesha answered, Youll do anything for me whether I forgive you or not. But Ill tell you right now that you are going to have to work off my anger.  You fucking know you deserve it too. I have an idea of what I am going to do to you. You do this and I wont paddle you. Do you agree?

Susie answered in confusion, You didnt tell me what the punishment would be. How can I agree to something you didnt tell me?

LaTeshas anger was beginning to wane a bit but she didnt want Susie to know that. She acted angrier still and said, Im not going to tell you what I had in mind. You either agree to it or I paddle your ass every night until you pass out and then after a week of that I will send all of the evidence I have of your activities to your parents. Now what is it going to be?

Susie knew she was between a rock and a hard place. She bowed her head down in defeat and mumbled very quietly, Okay, I agree to your punishment.

LaTesha slapped Susie again and said, That wasnt good enough bitch. Say it so everyone in this yard can hear you.

Susie was crying in full body sobs as she tried to get the words out, III 
aaagree sobsobsob to sobsobsob to your sobsobsob punishment 
sobsobsob.

LaTesha smiled as she knew she had her right where she wanted her. She answered, For violating my orders so grievously and because you did it so you could watch cynful fuck Teddy here, I think it only appropriate that you become Teddys bitch for a week. You will take care of his every need just like cynful does normally. There is no negotiation. For the time, you will stay over here with Teddy and Master Rob will be your Master. You will follow and obey him, just like you obey me. After your punishment is over, you will continue to follow and obey his orders as if they are mine. The only orders that take precedent over his from now on are mine. Otherwise he is your lord and master. Do you understand cunt?

Susie was sobbing terribly and squeaked out a yes as she nodded her head in agreement. She did ask, CCan the punishment start after the party for Abby? Sobsobsob I promised her I would be there.

LaTesha relented but wanted to exact her first bit of punishment from her and said, I want you to get out of that robe and crawl over to where cynful and Teddy are fucking and I want you to get down there and lick where they are joined. When the dog finishes cumming and pulls out, you will suck him clean and then suck his cum out of cynfuls cunt. Only when youve done that can you go back to the house.

Susie looked at LaTesha in amazement and said, Youre going to make me lick up dog cum. I c

LaTesha interrupted Susie in mid sentence and said, Before you say you cant, remember the consequences. Im sure your loving parents would like to know what a drunken, lezzie whore you are. Now get to it before its too late.

Susie lowered her head in defeat and crawled over to cynful and Teddy. cynful had watched the entire thing and just couldnt understand why Susie would agree to something like this and still be so dejected. No matter though. She was nothing but a slave and it was up to the masters and mistresses to make the decisions. She kept right on fucking Teddy through the whole thing. She watched with intensity as Susie crawled toward her. She gasped in erotic surprise as she felt Susie bend in and give her first tentative lick of the joined cock and cunt. What she couldnt see were the silent tears streaming down Susies cheeks.

Susie may have been excited about watching another girl fucking a dog. But she never imagined that she would be involved in bestiality in any way. To her this was as low as a person could go. And to be made to do it in front of witnesses just added to the whole humiliation of the whole thing. Any form of resistance or belief that she would ever be free of her roommate's grasp, was quickly being squashed. She fully began to realize that her future was to be a sex toy for LaTesha to play with. These thoughts were the focus of her entire awareness as she bent down and on autopilot began to lick the joined cock and cunt.

cynfuls excitement began to skyrocket as she felt the dual stimulation of Teddys cock in her cunt and Susies tongue all over and around the area they were joined. Her excitement was building more and more until suddenly she felt Teddy begin to shoot stream after stream of burning hot doggie cum into her stuffed cunt. That was enough to push her to the edge but not enough to push her over into a good cum.

Susie was tentatively licking around the joined cock and cunt for a few moments when she felt the pulse travel through the cock. She kept licking until just a bit of dog cum began to seep around Teddys knot. When she got her first taste of dog cum she began to pull away.

cynful was almost over the edge of cumming when she felt Susie begin to pull away. She immediately reached down with both hands and pushed Susies face back into her cunt and yelled, Lick me you stupid bitch. Im almost there.  Dont stop now.

Rob and LaTesha had been watching the whole thing. When they watched and heard cynful ordering Susie around and forcing her face into where her cunt and Teddys cock were joined, they began laughing. LaTesha finally got control and looked at Rob and said, Listen Rob. I meant what I said about her following your orders as if they were mine. Dont let her ignore you. And after that little show cynful put on, I think she should get to mistress over Susie as well. Susie really pissed me off so for the next week, I want her to spend as much time as possible with Teddy. You can have Teddy do whatever he wants with her for all I care. Ive got to get to work. Thanks for the show. I can tell its going to be a fun year. Oh, let her enjoy her last night of relative freedom so she can enjoy the party. Ill make sure she comes over tomorrow for you to play with. Bye now. She leaned in and gave Rob a quick kiss on the cheek before turning and walking to leave through the front gate to go home.

cynful guided Susie through the arduous task, for Susie, of sucking Teddys cock clean of their combined juices. Then she made Susie suck all of the dogs cum out of her over flowing cunt. For the next hour, cynful enjoyed cum after cum until she couldnt stand it any more. Finally she pushed Susie away and said, I think master has something he wants to say to you before you go. Im all cleaned up now. It sure has been fun. Im going to enjoy having you live next door.

Susie dejectedly got up and walked over to Rob. She never saw what hit her as Rob slapped her hard with an open hand across the face. She found herself picking herself up off of the ground again for the second time that afternoon. She wondered what she had done wrong when it dawned on her that she didnt treat Rob like she did Mistress LaTesha. When she got up, she knelt in front of him and waited.

Rob waited until Susie was in position before he said anything. When she was he said, In the next week or two, well get rid of that little bit of a stubborn streak. Your problem is that you havent accepted your position as Mistress LaTeshas slave. Well you better take a good look at these. Rob threw down several pictures in front of her.

What Susie saw caused her to faint. When she came around, the pictures were gone. She looked forlornly at Rob and asked through her tears, Tell me you didnt send those pictures of me sucking the dog to my parents. Please dont send them. I promise Ill obey PLEASE.

Rob smiled and said, Those pictures will be given to your mistress tomorrow. Then of course well want to get some of you with Teddy fucking you both in the cunt and the ass. After that, well just see what happens. Now its time for some ground rules. Your mistress has given you to me for the next week, except for tonight. Tomorrow morning I expect you to come over to the house and cook breakfast for us. I want you to plan on having breakfast ready for us at seven in the morning. Dont even think of coming in the front door. All of the doors will be locked and if you ring the door bell, you will be punished. There is a doggy door here in the back that you can crawl through. For the duration of the time you are serving me, you will cook breakfast for me. Keep in mind that Teddy tends to get horny at night so if he sees you before you get inside or once inside and he wants to fuck you, be sure and let him. That is no excuse however, for being late with breakfast. If you think you might be late, it would be better to start a little earlier. The next rule is that you will no longer walk on this property. You will crawl like the dogs bitch you are. The third rule is that you will always be naked while you are on this property. Rule four is that you will take care of all bodily functions in the back yard. You are not allowed to use the toilet in either house any more. The back yard is the only place a doggie bitch like you should go. Any time Teddy barks at you, I expect you to immediately start to attend to his needs. He will let you know whether he wants a fuck or to be sucked. All you have to do is stay on all fours and he will make the decision which hole he wants to fuck you in. I would recommend that if you havent been fucked in the ass that you get yourself loosened up with that dildo or youll be screaming bloody murder and the neighbors will call the police. Just think how mom and dad will react when they see the police report of you being fucked up the ass by a dog. Im sure they would be proud of their lovely daughter. If youre smart, youll sleep with that dildo in your ass tonight. Now get back to your house. Youve got a birthday party to attend.

Susie looked for her robe but couldnt see it any where. Rob knew what she was looking for but wasnt going to say anything until she asked. She kept looking over at him as if she wanted to ask but always stopped at the last minute. Finally she took a deep breath in resignation and crawled out of the still open front gate and all of the way home. Fortunately for her, no one came down the road in front of the houses when she was crawling between the houses. As she crawled, she wondered, How much more screwed up can my life get. How can I ever face my parents again after all of the pictures that have been taken? On top of that, how could anyone be as happy as that cynful girl, or whatever her name is, when she is nothing more than a slave for sex? God, how I envy her! Ill have to ask her how she adjusted to her life that way.

Susie entered the house none too soon. If she had been a few seconds later, the birthday girl would have seen her crawling naked into the house. She heard the car pulling into the drive as the door was closing behind her. She hurried up the stairs to LaTeshas room. She couldnt really call it her room since she was nothing more than property to her mistress. She went into the suite bathroom and filled the tub. She knew she could soak and scrub for the rest of her life but she would never again feel clean. She had sucked a dogs cock. Nothing could be lower or worse than that. But at least the hot water would help her relax. The thing that added insult to injury about the whole thing was that she had cum while she was being forced to suck the dogs cock. It wasnt a big overpowering cum like some shed had but she did cum. Being forced to suck the dogs cock was exciting to her. She could never admit that to anyone, let alone herself, but that was the case. She decided she would stay in the tub until the last possible minute. Then quickly get dressed and party like never before. She had the suspicion that this would be her last free night for a long, long time.

One of the nice things about the visit with LaTesha was that while Master 
Rob and Mistress LaTesha had been watching, they also discussed transportation to and from the main college campus and it was arranged for cynful to ride with LaTesha to classes. Rob and cynful spent the rest of the afternoon and most of the evening unpacking and getting settled in. When they were comfortable with how they had everything, Rob led cynful by the hand to the door just off of the kitchen. It didnt escape cynfuls notice that Rob had to unlock the door to go down the stairs. The stairway was rather dark and there was another locked door at the bottom of the stairs. When Rob opened the door, Cynful gasped in surprise. In front of her was what could only be described as a dungeon. There were manacles on the wall and floor. There were huge hooks on pulleys attached to crossbeams that supported the floor above. There was an area with a sink and open drain and an open shower head. There was a table there with shackles attached to it as well. There was also a St. Andrews cross. There were several cabinets in the room but when they looked, there was no actual equipment in them. Rob did find a note in one of the cabinets that gave them the address to a porn shop close to where they lived that catered to unusual tastes. It also had a code on it and indicated that they had a two thousand dollar credit line to get started on outfitting the dungeon.

Rob showed the note to Cynful who clapped her hands together giddily and said, Oh goody master. Lets go get our stuff tonight? I want us to have our very own dungeon so we can have all sorts of fun together.

Rob shook his head in amazement as he was constantly being surprised by how 
Cynthia responded to all of the things she was exposed to as a sub in the Coch Organization. He finally answered, Then why dont we go see just how much of this limit we can spend tonight. Come on you little slut. I dont know if Im going to be able to keep up with you. You do surprise me a little more every day. Just three months ago I would have never dreamed you could be like this.

cynful turned toward Rob and put her arms around his shoulders and looked up into his eyes with love and adoration saying, I dont know how many times I have to say this to you, my master, but Ill keep saying it as long as I have to. The old Cynthia Palmer died when I found out that my brother had sold me out to some bookie. When I was given a choice of becoming a crack whore and ending up in some gutter somewhere or being a slave to someone unknown and live my dream I decided that the latter was much preferable to the former and devoted my life to that choice. You know what changed when I found out that the master in question was you?

Rob truthfully answered, No I dont. What changed when you found out it was me?

cynful answered with sincere conviction saying, If I was willing to give my all for a master I did not know, then I had to give you everything else I had left. That is my love, my trust and my undying devotion. You are the master of my heart and my soul. I am truly yours to mold and play with as you see fit. I pray daily that you will never violate that trust but you are my master in every way and it is my duty to help you to enjoy this body that belongs to you to the best of my ability.

Rob bent his head down and took cynful into a bear hug and kissed her with every ounce of passion he had. He whispered after he broke the kiss, I accept your gift and promise to always honor the trust you have given me my love. I also promise that we will explore every facet of play we can and find out what you love and what you dont. If you ever find you dont like something, just let me know and I wont do it again. Now lets go find out what kinds of things we can find to play with. Im sure we need to find a variety of clamps, whips and dildos but well just have to shop and see what else they have.

The two left the house with Teddy and drove the half mile to the porn shop.
After showing the clerk the note, they were made to wait as he phoned the owner. Within five minutes the owner was in the shop and approached Rob and cynful. He shook Robs hand while he appraised cynful with his eyes. He said, I was told you had a red headed beauty of a sub but Id say she was an angel. She looks so innocent, are you sure this is the same slave I was told about?

Rob laughed, Let me introduce you to cynfulknotslut. She answers to cynful. We are here to stock up our new dungeon. The note said that we had a two thousand dollar limit to get us started.

The owner of the shop had an evil, lustful sneer on his face as he said, Yes the agreement was that I would give you a two thousand dollar credit line but that she would have to work it off. I have a little stage area in back and I usually keep a slave handy so customers can test their equipment before they buy. I tell you what. You put her back in that room and when she has earned me double the amount of credit you have, well call it even. Im guessing that if she is as good as Ive been told, she will be done before the night is through.

Rob responded as he looked at cynful, I tell you what, you get on your phone to your organization members and tell them we have a little surprise for them tonight and charge them an admission. I promise it will be worth their while. cynful will earn the two thousand like you said but the money from the show will go to any additional purchases we might want to make over and above that. What do you think about doing something like that?

The owner answered, Let me have 25% of the take and its a deal.

Rob was surprised, He expected the guy to want a lot more than that and had hoped for a 50/50 deal. This was much better and so shook his hand and said, We have a deal. Let me get our purchases first and then well have cynful in the back room. Well stay until you tell me she has earned her keep. I want to be in the room at the same time so I can protect my slave.Once she has met the requisite amount then give us about 30 minutes to get set up for a show. I want it understood that I will allow no permanent damage to be done to her. I also expect that any customers desiring to enjoy all of her assets will take appropriate precautions. I will not have my slave put at risk of being exposed to some disease.

The owner shook Robs hand and answered, Its agreed. Just bring your purchases to the counter when youre done and the cashier there will put it aside for you. When youre ready, let him know and he will show you to the back room.

This is the end of chapter 6

Note to Fans: Those that would like to see the campus map and pictures of
Clearview Preparatory School, visit my MySpace web site or Redlegtigers 
Tigers Den on google groups. I have posted the pictures in my pics file 
there.

Please e-mail comments to redlegtiger@hotmail.com and 
guiltykarma_420@hotmail.com to let us know what you think of the story.

or visit http://www.myspace.com/redlegtiger

Let me know what you think of my story. I am always looking for ideas and 
invite suggestions so please take the time to email me. If you are reading 
this on Storiesonline or BDSM and like the story please vote and comment.


