Dean learns to pray on his knees, which isn’t all that unusual, but he guesses that good old JC didn’t mean to be taken quite so literally on the ‘drink of my blood’ routine, so that part is just as fucked as everything else is these days.

His first prayer—made while he’s chained in place with one of Hank’s hands keeping his head tilted back and the other forcing his mouth open—is that he’ll wake up and find that this whole, sick set-up is just a nightmare. That the warm liquid being poured down his throat is some sort of hallucination.

His second, which comes moments after Hank releases him so that he can bow forward and retch his stomach empty again, is that the perverted bastards got this shit from some unlucky lamb or pig.

“Shh,” Vincent’s cool, silky voice soothes from Dean’s left.

Dean would jerk away from the hand the man rests on his sweat-soaked hair, but his body is still too torn between puking and gasping for breath to do anything but endure the caress.

“Easy, now,” Vincent adds.

Somehow, Dean manages to spit, “Fuck you,” between dry heaves.

Vincent crouches, fingers threading through Dean’s hair in a way that reminds him unpleasantly of last night’s client, and then says, “I’m not doing this to be cruel, Dean. But I can’t have my Fenrir looking squeamish every time he gets a little blood in his mouth. That sort of thing isn’t good for business.”

Dean’s breath is coming easier now that his diaphragm has stopped spasming, and he’s able to grunt, “Sorry I’m bringing down your ticket sales.” Then, with a wide grin firmly in place, he twists his head to the side and looks up at Vincent. “Guess you’ll just have to put a bullet in my head and cut your losses.”

“Amusing notion, but I don’t think that will be necessary,” Vincent muses as he straightens and steps away.

Dean tenses as Hank gets hold of his head again. Blunt fingers dig into his skull and draw his face back up. Dean tries to keep his mouth shut, but the sadistic son of a bitch just jabs his thumb and forefingers into the hinges of Dean’s jaw and parts his teeth for him—just like last time, and the time before that. As Dean sucks in quick, panicked breaths through his nose, he watches a nameless guard carry a large bowl toward him, red sloshing over the side to mix with the mess already on the floor.

“You’ve been marvelously adaptive so far,” Vincent notes.

Dean shuts his eyes as the guard tips the bowl and more of that disgusting, coppery liquid spills into him, coating his tongue and lining his throat. Some of it goes down his chin, washing over his throat and bare chest in a warm, queasy flow. His stomach rebels immediately this time, trying to send the liquid back out as quickly as it’s being poured in, and the resulting confusion locks up his throat muscles and makes him choke.

“Hank.”

The hand gripping Dean’s hair lets go immediately, although the hold Hank has on Dean’s jaw is firm enough to keep his head where they want it. A second later, Dean’s throat is being stroked in clumsy demand. It’s fucking surreal, being treated like some kind of animal getting force-fed a pill, but Dean can’t laugh because it’s working. The stroking is sending the firm, no-nonsense message that his convulsing throat is craving right now.

Revolting as the knowledge of what he’s doing is, Dean’s coughing eases out and he swallows.

“Good. Just like that, Dean.”

Dean shudders, trying to distance himself from this moment the way he sometimes gets to go away in his head when he’s ass-up in bed. His body’s complaining too loudly for him to manage the trick right now, though: stomach lurching alarmingly, warm and full, and muscles trembling—the stress and the strain of fighting to get away, to free himself. As though he can manage much resistance at all with the elephant tranquillizer Hank shot him up with still flooding his system and warded manacles cuffing both his hands and ankles to the floor.

Red pours into him. It seems to overflow his stomach, rising up into his lungs and then flooding higher. It gets into his brain, seeping through his skull and soaking everything with sickening copper.

Finally, after what feels like hours, the restraining hands release Dean and he bends over again. Shakes weakly as he brings it all back up. The puddle of rejected liquid has bled down to where he’s kneeling on the stone floor, but Dean doesn’t care. He's already tacky with the overflow, and anyway kneeling in the shit isn’t anywhere near as bad as trying to swallow it.

“Give him a couple more bowls and then hose him off and get him ready to fight. If he hasn’t adapted by then, we’ll continue the training tomorrow.”

Vincent’s hand lands on his head again: a casual, possessive touch that Dean doesn’t quite dare shake off.

“If I were you,” Vincent cautions him, “I’d acquire a tolerance for the taste soon. I’m going to run out of would-be berserkers eventually, and then I’ll have to resort to importing a fresh supply off the streets. Such a messy, unpleasant proposition, don’t you think?”

Dean’s sob is mostly concealed in the last few choking heaves that wrack his body, but he’s sure Vincent hears it anyway.