THE ORPHANS HOME: MORE TOYS

BY PICKUP MAN

Part 6

PLEASE READ:This story is FICTION and only FICTION.Nothing in it
is true or real.IT IS NOT REAL.So this means DO NOT DO ANY OF
THIS STUFF.If you cannot understand the difference between
fiction and reality then STOP AND GO AWAY.

Bondage Table

Most of our bondage tables are designed to be multi functional
although some are designed for single purpose use. These tables
play a very important roll in all our bondage and torture
activities.

Medical Exam Tables

Our tables are a scaled down version of the standard Doctor's
Office Exam Table. These have been modified to fit our needs to
restrain little children on. Tables are equipped with multiple
restraints which the little child can be restrained in many
different positions.

The tables basic use is to restrain the little girl or boy on
their back with straps along the tables sides. All our exam
tables have been modified to allow their head and foot to tilt
and have an adjustable head board. This head board allows the
Childs head to be raised or lowered completely forward or
backward with the head of the table tilted down. This allows
their head to be in position for face sitting or to be throat
fucked.Other modifications include restraint straps which allow
the young girl or boy's legs and feet to be restrained in the
tables foot stirrups. This allows their legs to be spread wide
open and up in the air. In this position they are available for
any type of torture and sex,including genital torture and
punishment, anal and vaginal sex.

Each table had a built in Electro Shock/Vacuum Pump unit. The
onboard computer allows the handheld remote control to operate
all functions the table including all the table adjustments. This
gives the operator fingertip control to position the Childs body
for torture and sex.

Special Milking Tables

These are a special purpose table designed for milking young
girls and boys but also them to be positioned for torture and sex
while being milked. NOTE: All the young girls are injected with a
hormone which induces premature lactation and modest breast
enhancement. The young boys are also injected wit harmonies which
allows them to achieve and maintain an erection and be stimulated
to an orgasm with ejaculation.

The table sits 22 inches high with a flat 12 X 20 inch top which
has a 5 X 10 inch cutout 5 inches back from one end and a 6 X 6
inch cutout in the center of the top 2 inches from the other end.
The table has an adjustable chin rest with a head restraint strap
at the end of the table top. This chin rest allows the Childs
head to lay straight with them looking at the floor or be pulled
back up to allow access to their mouth.

YOUNG GIRL: She is placed face down on the table with her legs
hanging straight down to be secured to the table legs. A 3 inch
high rubber pad is placed just under her abdomen which lifts her
up to allow access to her pussy and ass hole. Restraining straps
are placed across her hips, back and her shoulders. The shoulder
strap pushes her chest down against the padded 5 X 10 inch cutout
in the table top. This causes her little immature breasts to
stick through the cutout for the small breast milking vacuum cups
to be attached to them. With her chin restrained to the rubber
chin rest her head is tilted back and locked in position. Now she
is ready to milk and available for torture or use of her
mouth,pussy and ass.

YOUNG BOY: The young boy is positioned face down on the table but
with out the 3 inch rubber pad. Again his legs are restrained to
the table legs. He is then restrained to the table top across his
hips, back, shoulders and with another strap across his head.
This forces his chin against the rubber chin rest.

In this restrained position his little cock will protrude through
the 6 X 6 inch hole in the table top. He is now available for the
Cock Milking Vacuum Tube and any of a number of ball torture
devices on his little nuts. Nipple clips may also be used on him
through the 5 X 10 cutout in the other end of the table top. With
his head pulled all the way back in the adjustable chin rest his
mouth and ass is available while he is being milked.

NOTE:The table has a computer controlled Electro Shock/Vacuum
unit which is operated with a hand held remote control and may be
programmed to milk little girls or little boys. For little girls
the vacuum is set on a gentle but study suction to induce
lactation in her tiny breasts. For milking the little boy a study
gentle alternating suction is required to bring him to erection
and ejaculation.

The unit has a clear see through collection cup to collect the
little girls breast milk or the little boys seamen if the
operator wishes to use it for any purpose. Many of our customers
consider the breast milk and seamen as a delicacy for themselves
or to feed to the young children, some force the donor to consume
it.

