Gullible Danielle
byNudiebooty24©

Gullible Danielle Pt. 11

Danielle gets naked while cleaning a stranger's house.

"Were gonna make a killing Danielle!" Katie beamed with enthusiasm.

"I guess..." Daniella mustered.

Danielle wasn't all too fond of cleaning homes for money. Obviously, they needed to make money somehow if they were ever going to move out of their parents house.

Katie floated the idea of an onlyfans account but Danielle was adamant.

"I'm not gonna parade my naked body around men for money!"

"Well you've done it plenty for free," Katie thought.

Regardless the girls needed money and they didn't have many options. This job required the least amount of experience and they thought they should try it out.

"100 dollars for a few hours of work is a steal," Katie thought as she knocked on the door.

A young man answered the door, he was in his mid twenties and had a trucker hat on. He was muscular and wore a denim vest across his chest.

"How are you ladies doing?" He smiled, "Come in, come in."

The two girls stepped into the home with their matching outfits. They both wore big baggy white t-shirts and pairs of adidas running shorts.

They stepped into the home and waved hello to the two men sitting on the couch. They must have been in their late forties, but looked very handsome. They didn't pay any mind to the girls, because they were to focused on the TV.

"Well, the vacuum and cleaners are all in the kitchen closet and... well i think thats everything," The young man said, "If you need anything, just let me know!"

And with that the girls began their cleaning. Danielle started with the upstairs bathroom while Katie started with the kitchen.

Thats when Katie overhead a lucrative conversation.

"Don't tip those girls too much buddy," one of the older men said, "They're just cleaning the place."

"I've seen you tip pretty well at the gentlemen's club before," The younger one said.

"Well if they wanna show us some T and A, then I'll give them all the cash in my wallet!" The older man laughed.

This gave Katie an evil idea, but luckily Danielle was already furthering her plan without her own knowledge.

Upstairs Danielle had already soaked her shirt when cleaning the bathtub. If she had been wearing a bra, it wouldn't have been such an issue. However, Danielle's big perky breasts were clearly visible through the sopping wet shirt. Danielle had failed to wear any underwear today because as of late she didn't have any in her wardrobe. Danielle had lost most of her delicates during her public nude escapades, but she conveniently forgot about that right now.

"Hey Danielle, hows the bathroom coming along...?" Katie trailed off as she saw the sexy Danielle going to work.

"What was that Katie?" Danielle asked.

"Oh... I was just wondering..." Katie planned her word's carefully, "I'm doing laundry and i figured I would just throw our clothes in the load while we're here."

"Thats a great idea!" Danielle exclaimed, "Besides, my shirt is soaked!"

Danielle grabbed her shirt and pulled it off leaving her beautiful globes exposed. Then she slipped her jean shorts down over her blue flipflops, and her perfectly shaved mound and big bubble butt came into full view.

Poor Danielle couldn't think ahead about what would happen after she was done cleaning the bathroom, but Katie knew that and was taking advantage of gullible Danielle.

"Okay, the laundry should be done before were done." Katie said.

"Sounds good," Danielle said in a cheery tone as she got back to scrubbing.

Katie made her way back to the washing machine but felt a twinge of guilt. Why should only Danielle be bare if they both need the money?

"Well, I suppose a tip for two is better than a tip for one" Katie whispered to herself as she stripped down.

Katie still had underwear though. And Katie elected to keep it on.

It didn't cover much anyway. Katie's bra was only pair of sheer squares that covered her small pink nipples with tiny strings that reached behind her back. Her panties were merely string that squeezed between her tight asscheeks and pussy lips and left nothing to the imagination.

Katie planned on making the first impression until she heard the men from the other room.

"No sweetie, you should focus on this room first." Said one of the older men.

Katie stepped around the corner to see Danielle naked as the day she was born prancing around in front of 3 men!

The men's eyes were off of the TV now and focused on Danielle's bare nubile body.

Their eyes quickly darted to Katie's body as she entered the room.

"Can i get you boys anything?" Katie innocently asked. She made sure to spread her legs wide for the men as she asked.

Danielle, unlike Katie, was completely unaware of her nakedness. Her main goal was dusting all the low areas the men seemed so concerned with.

"As a matter of fact," one man interjected, "It would be mighty fine if you tended to our garden out front."

Danielle didn't think much about going outside, of course she would have, had she noticed her attire was just her birthday suit and some cheap flipflops.

Katie watched as the three men followed the unaware nude girl out the front door. She decided that being outside was more than she could handle but made sure to stay close to the window so she could get a good view of the bare naked Danielle.

Danielle was taking her time tidying up the front lawn as the 3 men watched from the porch. Danielle even waved to the honking cars that drove down the street. She was unaware of her embarrassing situation.

A small crowd of 4 or so men from the block stopped by to say hello. Danielle was polite and cordial, not knowing they were only there for the naked show.

Some of the wives of these men certainly did not like the look of their husbands oogling a busty butt naked slut like Danielle.

These wives decided to make an appearance of their own. While they couldn't be as daring as Danielle, or even Katie for that matter, they figured they could wrestle their husbands attention back by coming out in their bikinis.

While this didn't take the mens eyes of the unclothed Danielle completely. It definitely made the men even more stiff in their pants.

After a few more minutes, someone got the bright idea to turn on the sprinklers.

Katie finally heard the dryer alarm go off and figured it was time to go. She put all the clothes in a bag but decided she should stay in her slutty attire.

"Well boys I think its time for us to go," Katie smiled at the men as she made her way out the house.

Katie placed the bag in the trunk of the car and was happy to notice she got a couple of stares from the men (and their wives) as she got in the car.

"Time to go Danielle!" Katie hollered as she honked her horn.

Danielle jogged over to the car, unintentionally swinging her big ass in the breeze, and bouncing her wet tits in full view of the neighborhood.

Danielle took a seat in the car, and laughed at Katie's underwear outfit.

"Wow Katie, didn't realize the slut convention was in town haha!"

"Speak for yourself nudie girl," Katie smugly retorted.

Danielle looked down at her completely exposed skin and every realization hit her at once.

"Oh no! Oh no! Was I just naked for all these people for the past 2 hours?!" Danielle panicked, "Drive! Drive!"

"Oh wait... " Katie responded as slow as possible, to further Danielle's humiliation., "We forgot to grab the money."

Danielle looked dumbly at Katie. Her bare booty cheeks were shaking in fear on the leather seats in the car as she tried to hide from the small crowd looking through the car window.

"Go grab it, I'll keep the car safe." Katie smiled.

"But Katie!" Danielle yelled, "I'm naked!"

"Well then you better hurry up!" Katie responded.

Danielle could've argued and pouted, but she was in fight or flight mode.

Danielle exited the car and tried to cover her pussy with one hand and her buttcrack with the other. She didn't realize how much this position pushed her titties out.

She sheepishly approached the men on the porch with all eyes on her and said, "We forgot to grab our payment."

The men laughed and pointed the naked girl towards the cash on the table.

On her way out the younger man gave Danielle a light spank on her big booty. This made Danielle burn bright red with embarrassment.

Danielle took one last look at the yard. All these people just spent their evening staring at her naked body. Thats when Danielle realized most of the men had their phones out and were taking pictures!

She sprinted to the car and the girls made a speedy getaway.

"Wow thats a lot of money Danielle. I can't wait to see how much we get next time!"

"NEXT TIME?!?"


Gullible Danielle Pt. 12

Danielle takes a visit to the dentist.

*BEEP BEEP BEEP*

Danielle awoke to her alarm on a warm Saturday morning. There was a cool breeze that begged her to stay in bed, but she had an appointment today. Today was her yearly dental checkup.

Perhaps if she had a different dentist she would be more averse to going, but Dr.Thorne was different. He was young. Only a few years older than Danielle, and all the girls had a crush on him.

Danielle got out of bed and started her shower. The warm water ran down her nubile form. Her short curly brown hair stopped at her freckled shoulders. She had perky breasts which had been kissed by the sun. Her tiny pink nipples stood at attention anytime sweet Danielle was naked.

Despite how many times poor Danielle was naked in public (on accident, mind you) she still felt the naughty tingle whenever she undressed.

She worked the soap in to her tight tummy and then lower to her large rump. Her bubble butt was massaged with suds before she worked her way to tiny pink slit.

Danielle took great care in shaving her pussy bare. Danielle preferred keeping her body as hairless as possible.

Danielle then continued on her shower routine to her toned legs and pretty feet.

After Danielle was finished with her shower she dried off as she brushed her teeth. Danielle made sure to dry off completely and then toss her towel into the hamper. She made a quick dash across the hallway to her room.

Danielle was similar to many of the girls in town. She wanted to impress the cute dentist, so she dressed appropriately.

Danielle picked out a nice pink mini skirt and a striped dress shirt. She did her hair in two thick braids that stopped right at her neck.

Danielle would never admit this to anyone, but she knew that Dr. Thorne was a sought after man so she neglected to wear underwear for this visit. She wanted to make her intentions obvious.

Danielle arrived at the office at 1045 sharp. She wanted to be 15 minutes early to her appointment: the waiting room was empty but there was a beautiful fishtank in the room and the TV was playing an old western.

"Danielle? Are you ready?" Said the older woman at the desk.

"Yes ma'am," Danielle replied cheerfully.

"Follow me to room two"

Danielle followed along.

"Now just take a seat there and the hygienist will be here shortly."

Danielle took a seat and relaxed and before long the door opened and a cute blonde girl opened it.

Marina opened the door and she had striking blue eyes and long blonde hair. She had A sized breasts and a small but tight booty. She was only 5'1 but she wore 4" heels everyday. This made her feel more confident.

"Hello, Ms..... Danielle," Marina paused as she read her chart, "I'm going to be cleaning your teeth before Dr. Thorne performs his examination, please let me know if you feel any discomfort."

"Okay," Danielle nodded as she eyed the girl up and down. Thats when Danielle realized... she was wearing a pair of scrubs, but it was hard to tell if she was wearing anything underneath it. The blue hospital material fell less than halfway down her thigh but perhaps if she wore booty shorts they would be hidden.

Any question of Marina's clothing was immediately answered when she bent down to grab her dental tools from the bottom drawer. Not only was she not wearing shorts, she wasn't wearing any underwear either!

Marina had nothing on but blue t-shirt style scrub. I guess she was trying to impress Dr. Thorne too.

"I'm gonna have to step my game up if i want Dr. Thorne," Danielle thought.

After a few minutes, Marina had finished and said, "The doctor should be with you shortly."

Danielle waited for her to leave the room and quickly adjusted her dress shirt by unbuttoning all the buttons. The she pulled her skirt up all the way to her bellybutton so her cleanly shaven pussy was almost hanging out.

"Hello, Ms. Danielle, I'm Dr. Thorne and I'll be doing your checkup," He said as he entered the room.

"Okay," Danielle sheepishly replied.

"Now i need you to let me know if there is any pain, can you do that for me?" Dr. Thorne asked.

"Yes, of course doctor."

The doctor started his procedure. It was a very simple cleaning but as the dentist leaned over, he accidentally grazed Danielle's exposed pussy. This lead to her making a loud gasp.

"Are you okay?" He asked kindly.

Danielle was too embarrassed to say why she really cried out so she lied.

"Ahh... yes i just felt some pain."

"Well, lets give you some laughing gas just to be sure that doesn't happen again."

"Of course doctor," Danielle nodded, even though she knew she didn't really need it.

Danielle took a deep breath of the gas and felt a blissful wave wash over her. She had no issues keeping her mouth wide open for the doc. However, she did feel a soreness in her face from smiling so much. The process seemed to fly by.

Finally Dr. Thorne said, "OK you should be fine just wait here for a few moments until the gas wears off."

Dr.Thorne left the room and Danielle lied back in here chair feeling quite drowsy. She thought about how Dr. Thorne didn't take advantage of her sexy state of undress and felt a little miffed.

Then Marina walked in the room with a bottle of pills, "Here you go, these are for any pain you might feel."

"Thank you," Danielle slurred.

Marina noticed the laughing gas apparatus and causally picked up the breathing mask and took a deep inhale. Then she noticed Danielle's inquisitive stare and offered, "Would you like one more hit before you go, its very nice."

Danielle thought for a moment and out of politeness she took a deep breath of the gas. She felt very good.

Marina then added, "Those pills are quite nice too. One for pain but take three or four and you in for a good time."

Danielle nodded in understanding as she stumbled to her feet. Marina noticed Danielle's state and mentioned, "Hey, you should probably sit for a couple of minutes in the waiting room before you drive home."

Danielle smiled and slurred, "Of course." as Marina stepped out.

Danielle stumbled towards the door, slowly realizing her slutty dress attire. After she reached the door, she entered the hallway.

"I'll show him to ignore a hot piece of ass like me!" Danielle whispered to herself.

The hallway was soon filled with Danielle's clothes as they were hastily thrown off her sexy body.

Danielle made her way towards what she thought was Dr. Thorne's office, but when she opened it she was greeted by an empty room full of chairs. Danielle drowsily laid on the floor and caressed her bare naked body.

She grazed her fingers across her tiny pink nipples at the thought of a sexy doctor fucking her brains out. She slowly made her way down towards her shaved slit to touch her sensitive clit but she found herself drowsy and drifted off to sleep.

....

"Are you ok sweetie?" Echoed through Danielle's ears as she woke up.

Danielle's eyes came into focus to see a nice old woman shaking her arm. Danielle took a survey of her surroundings and realized she had fell asleep in the waiting room of her dentist office.

"Must be those damn drugs," she thought.

Danielle lifted herself off of the blue carpet and stood to her feet. Thats when she realized she had an audience. Two girls Danielle remembered from school were sitting in chairs pointing their phones at her.

Then Danielle looked around further and saw a boy with his eyes glued to her. Also, an older Indian couple was staring.

"Well it makes sense..." Danielle thought, "Why would some girl be passed out in a dentist office?"

Danielle felt quite silly for falling asleep in such an odd place, so she addressed the crowd of gawkers.

"Hi everyone," Danielle spoke aloud, "I think i may have just had a bit to much laughing gas."

Danielle giggled a bit in embarrassment.

There was a loud creek in the door and Dr. Thorne peeked his head in, "Next is Mr.Ra.... Danielle? Are you ok?"

Danielle felt silly but she responded "Yes sir, I'm fine."

"Why are you.... naked?" Dr. Thorne inquired.

"I'm not... uhhh... I mean." Danielle slowly looked around.

Danielle realized she was standing in her birthday suit in front of a crowd of people to include her crush, Dr. Thorne.

Danielle covered her nipples with her left arm and tried to cover her supple buttcheeks with her right arm.

"I...I...I... umm" Danielle stammered.

Danielle was too filled with embarrassment to say much. The ogling and the camras made sense to her now. Her bare naked body was on display for all to see.

Danielle sprinted out of the room, with her boobs bouncing up and down. She gave the entire room a great view of her jiggling ass as she pushed through the door.

Danielle's safety was only momentary when she stepped out into the warm sun...


