Author: Pescador del Valle
Title: Day Of No Triffids
Part: Chapter 7
Summary: In a world gone blind a few remaining sighted
         must try to preserve what they can but how
         will just 6 men manage to keep 400 women happy?
Keywords: voy, nosex, rom
Language: English
Copyright: 2003

      *********************************************
      *                 WARNING!                  *
      * This text file contains sexually explicit *
      * material. If you do not wish to read this *
      * type of literature, or you are under age, *
      *      PLEASE DELETE THIS FILE NOW!!!!      *
      *********************************************

Comments appreciated : 
  see Pescador del Valle on www.asstr.org/authors.html
*********************************************************

*** August 29, Morning

Michael, Nancy and David got to share the morning's baby 
sitting duties, part of which was an instruction to try 
to make the job easier.  They decided to start by 
organising a mass bathing session.  While the women were 
there they would have a chance to reorganise the 
makeshift dormitory. 

The school had a pool, not very wide nor deep but it did 
allow three Olympic-sized lanes for swimming practice.  
It was also convection heated, a fact they found out when 
they had a chance to sit down with the caretaker and 
discuss the school's facilities.

It was housed next to the gymnasium with a short walk 
through the unfortunate cool breeze.  The three teenagers 
decided that it would be best to get the women to strip 
in the gym and follow each other into the almost steamy 
atmosphere where the pool was housed.  The pool was big 
enough for them all to fit and it would give them 
something to do rather than just sit around.

The chlorine level in the water had dropped with the 
decreased attention the caretaker had been able to 
provide during the last week though it still might not 
permit a good lather.  It should suffice however.

"What will we need then?"

Nancy started ticking things off on her fingers, "Soap, 
shampoo, conditioner, towels, hairbrushes, deodorant.  
Anything else?"

Michael responded, "Toothpaste, toothbrushes, floss, 
mouthwash."

"What are they going to wear?  Their clothes don't look 
too good."  David's point was valid.

"We don't have time for a lot of scavenging.  They just 
need something to keep them warm for now.  How about 
bathrobes?"

Nancy's suggestion was considered reasonable and Michael 
thought a couple of classy hotels across the nearby 
parklands might have enough.  David offered to wait while 
the other's went raiding.  There was a station wagon in 
the carpark and they sorted through the small pile of 
keys they had taken from the former owners.  Nancy found 
the first matching key so she got to drive.

David was quite happy to let them go.  The women had all 
settled down after breakfast and the meeting.  Most were 
still tired; the morning had started early even if they 
couldn't see the rising sun.

He thought back to the previous evening and the dramatic 
change that had occurred in his life.  Just a few weeks 
earlier he had been in junior high, not unpopular but 
certainly not one of the "in" crowd.  At 14 he had been 
just starting out, an occasional group date, a chance to 
pash from time to time at parties, getting hold of a good 
wank magazine "borrowed" from some friend's older 
brother; nothing unusual and certainly nothing like the 
experience during the evening.

He had screwed his teacher!

She was still willing and he had two more teachers lined 
up after her!  His former classmates who had been high on 
his wish list now paled in comparison.  This was 
certainly living.

To experience it was one thing but he still had the 
puerile desire to boast about it, to bathe in someone 
else's admiration.

His cousin Walter, also 14, was here as well.  They had 
often gotten together in past years, young male minds 
thinking much along the same line.  David hadn't had a 
chance to speak to him other than to say "Hi" in passing, 
though that had been more to the group which included 
Walter's father Stan and his elder sister Stella who were 
also blind.

He wandered over to the "family" corner; nothing flasher 
than that but at least they knew each other.  David's 
mother was there with his sister Ellen; Nancy's mother 
(David's Aunt Julie) and her elder sister Karen.  He 
wondered where Nancy's younger sister was, not yet privy 
to the knowledge that Michael had "claimed" her and that 
she was currently asleep in Michael's room.

He ignored his other cousin Graham who, being three years 
older, had tended to lord it over both David and Walter.  
It was surprising because Michael and Barry were both the 
same age yet neither of them had been such a pain.  David 
thought privately that it was because of his Aunt Julie's 
dominance of her only son.

"Hey Wally.  Want to hang out for a bit?"  He had rested 
his hand on his cousin's shoulder while gazing at 
Stella's magnificent pair.  There was no hesitation; 
Walter had had enough of this lot for now.  His Aunt 
Julie was going on - STILL; she was worse than a fire and 
brimstone preacher and Walter wasn't the only one who 
wished she would shut up.

David led Walter over to the lounge area they had set up 
the previous day, far enough away from the sleeping area 
to allow privacy and so they wouldn't disturb the others.

Sitting his cousin down he had a look around to see what 
Peter and Barry had set up.  There was an ice chest that 
still had some cold bottles in it.  Well one wouldn't 
affect him and there was no-one around now to tell him he 
couldn't have a beer.  He looked at Walter with his hand 
on a bottle, "Want a beer?"

Walter readily agreed.  He didn't really like the taste 
but there wasn't anything else going on and he didn't 
want David to have to drink alone; he might not get 
invited back.

He accepted the wet bottle and took a sip.  It wasn't too 
bad after all.  "So what have you been doing?"

David handed him a bag of pretzels and laughed.  "You 
wouldn't fucking believe it!  We actually robbed a cop 
shop, with all the police still there.  They gave us the 
keys and we just unlocked the cupboards, helped ourselves 
and walked out.  It's the same with the shopping centres, 
they're just open for you to take whatever you want."

Walter was sure there was a down-side but he had been 
taken down far enough himself when he lost his sight and 
much preferred to hear the highpoints instead.

"And now you've got your choice of women?"  Walter was a 
little put out when informed that he wouldn't be 
permitted to "put out", at least until the women were 
pregnant when he couldn't do any "harm", but found it was 
more a case of what he hadn't had wasn't yet being 
missed.  It was all too new for him to feel hard done by.

In contrast, while his father still had his mother, the 
other blind male, Graham, was really pissed about it.  He 
had started making out before the disaster and having 
tasted honey he was being denied access to the beehive.

The topic had been raised and David now had his chance to 
boast.  "Most of the women are fairly normal looking and 
in their twenties though there are a few older ones.  
Then there are the school girls and they are all 
teenagers, mainly 15 to 17; some good lookers there 
though."

He continued, on a more personal level, repeating some 
information that Walter already knew.

"I had to make up a list of girls I liked.  I guess Dad 
felt if we had to have a lot of women around it should at 
least include a few we personally liked.  I got two from 
my class at school and another five that I knew from 
school and then three of the teachers.  There were some 
more but we couldn't find them.  I wanted to try looking 
again for one of them but now I'm not so sure."

"Why?"  It was an obvious question and once again gave 
David a lead in.  Wally was making a great straight-man!

"Last night I took one of my teachers to my room.  She's 
22 and gorgeous.  Long brown hair and tits out to here."  
The exaggerated positioning of his hands unnoticed, he 
continued.  "Forget everything you have heard about sex.  
It's ten times better."

Walter had dreamed about one teacher at his school.  He 
had never even had the opportunity to talk to her outside 
of his fantasies and they tended to be a little vague.  
He wondered if David could look for her?  Even second-
hand she would be something.

"What happened?"

David began to describe the evening.  How they had 
stripped and he had looked at her naked body.  How they 
had shared a shower with the young woman explaining to 
her even younger but very willing pupil just how to 
please a woman and in return benefiting from her 
goodwill.

"Did she give you a blow job?"  Always the lurid details!

"Noo-o-o."  She had shown David where to touch and how to 
lick her, in a number of very nice places, before 
mounting his prone body and riding his youthful cock.  
She had stroked his limp organ until it rose to pleasure 
them both all over again before they finally fell asleep 
in each other's arms but, no, she hadn't done more than 
give it a quick peck before she had first straddled his 
loins and buried it deep inside the most wonderful place 
on Earth.

Perhaps blow jobs came in the next lesson?

"You can probably get all the blow jobs you want now.  
They won't have any other men around (the fourteen year 
old David had gotten an automatic adulthood with his 
privileged status).  If they want any special treats they 
will have to return the favour.  It's not like there are 
a lot of other choices."

"Gee thanks."  David WAS a little conscious that as the 
youngest sighted person he might be down the pecking 
order and less desired be especially the older women.  
Still he and the other boys had been assured that "their" 
choices would be reserved for them as far as possible; 
there were certainly plenty of other choices for the rest 
of the men.

"No I just meant if all of you expect to be treated, 
well, 'nicely', it won't do them any good to try shopping 
around."

"That's true.  I wonder if it will work?"

"What do you mean?"

"Well how about we get some of the girls over and see 
just how far they will go."

"Sounds good to me."  Walter wasn't sure how far he would 
be involved but it still broke the monotony.

The group of schoolgirls David selected thought a chat 
session with the two boys would relieve their boredom 
too.  He brought six of them back to the lounge and put 
some rugs and cushions on the floor for them to sit on.

Except for one girl they had all been in the same class 
at school.   

Boarders together, they had found themselves isolated 
from family and friends when the sickness struck and had 
been somewhat relieved at being "rescued" from the stoic 
Mother Superior who felt that meeting their maker in a 
chaste state was preferable to the sort of rescue 
proposed.

It took a little while for the conversation to get around 
to this.  In the meantime David had proposed that they 
have a game of Drunken-Spin-The-Bottle to get to know 
each other.  The girls agreed even though they 
outnumbered the boys.  David sat opposite Walter with 
three girls between them on each side.

David put his empty bottle in the middle and opened 
another two.  He spun the bottle first and it pointed to 
the blonde girl on Walter's right.  David moved across 
and knelt in front of her.  Her blouse gaped a little, 
revealing a nicely developing cleavage.

"Hi, my name's David."

"I'm Christie."

David leaned in and kissed her on the lips.  Before he 
could move away she reached up to take his face in her 
hands and held him against her for a little longer.  A 
good start.

"Here you are then.  You have to take a mouthful."  There 
were a few laughs around the circle before he clarified, 
"I have some beer.  It's 'Drunken-Spin-The-Bottle', you 
have to drink as well."

"Okay."  She tipped the bottle back and took a good swig.

"Walter's turn."

He moved back into position and Walter groped for the 
bottle.  It span but he would have to trust Barry to 
point him in the right direction.

"The girl on Christie's right."

Walter felt his way around, using Christie's knees as a 
guide in both directions.  "Hello.  What's your name?"

"Marnie."  This girl was a little plumper than the 
others.  David found her more pleasant to look at than 
the beanpoles in some of the other groups around the 
place, including some of the nurses, and wondered what 
she would look like naked.  She certainly appeared to 
have more stuffed into her blouse than any of the others.

David almost moved forward to help them find each other 
but with faces in the other person's hands they finally 
moved in.

When they broke apart David handed her the bottle.  She 
drank while Wally moved back into position.

"My turn again."

"Hey"  There were a couple of protests.  "How come we 
don't get a turn?"

"Sorry", apologised David.  "It just seemed that with 
only two boys it would be easier that way."

The girl on David's left continued her complaint.  "But 
that means we could be missing out for ages.  At least 
when we are spinning we get a turn."

David was happy to change the game.  "Does everyone 
agree?"  The act of nodding was ingrained.  Only David 
was aware of the unanimous consent.

"Alright then.  You had better start.  And your name is?"

"Beth"

David took her hand and placed it on the bottle.  Vicki 
had said touch was an important part of a relationship.  
He wasn't sure if it applied in situations like this but 
it couldn't hurt.

Beth gave it a mighty spin bouncing it painfully off one 
of the as yet unidentified girls' knee before coming to 
rest on Walter.  "Lucky bastard", David thought.  
"Wally!"

Beth wasn't sure which way to go so David told Wally to 
come forward while David turned her in his direction.  
Once again there was a little fumbling before they made 
contact.  As Beth sat back into place David passed her 
the bottle.

"But I was the spinner.  Shouldn't Wally have to drink?"

"He's ahead of you and we haven't got much.  If you 
prefer ...?"

"No, that's alright."  She drained the rest of the 
bottle.  David put it out the way and took her hand in 
his as it rested on her leg.  She squeezed it in return.

With long brown unkempt hair she looked like a slimmer 
Marnie; unfortunately, in David's opinion, lacking 
significant breast development but still with 
considerable charm.

It was Marnie's turn and she too got Walter.  Had he done 
something to rig the bottle?  Marnie started the fresh 
bottle, leaving only half for the next player.

Christie's turn and the trio on the other side of the 
circle were getting restless.  The action so far had been 
decidedly one sided!

David rested his right hand gently on the thigh of the 
stranger next to him.  His luck still held and she too 
place her hand over his and squeezed.  He returned the 
squeeze briefly to her leg before addressing Christie.

"Oh!  Looks like you missed Walter.  You're pointing 
square at the lovely lady on his left."

Christie found the bottle and verified his ruling.  It 
was Walter's turn now to have his knees used as a guide 
and Christie found her temporary partner.  "Who's this?"

The girl in front of her spoke up softly, embarrassed not 
so much that she had been "chosen" by another girl but 
rather that she was the first to have been and could 
therefore expect a bit more ribaldry after the kiss than 
those to follow when the novelty had worn off some.

"It's Viv."  She reached to find Christie but as that 
girl had moved closer she ended up merely cupping 
Christie's breast as Christie found her lips.

David noticed the hand's hurried withdrawal and the blush 
on Viv's cheeks but decided to say nothing for now.

"Skipping Walter it's Viv's turn but first you have to 
drink."

He handed her the bottle.  Unaware of how much the others 
had been drinking, Viv drained it.

"You must have been thirsty.  Unfortunately that's the 
end of the beer (it wasn't but he had other plans) and we 
haven't even got through the first round.  How about we 
change to Strip-Spin-The-Bottle?"

With only a residual societal pressure on them, and a 
willingness to have some fun after the dread and 
dreariness of the last weeks, the girls all agreed.  
Walter didn't bother to reply; David held his proxy.

"Okay then.  Viv, please spin."

Viv spun the bottle and it's rotation finally halted near 
enough to David for him to claim it, a little unfairly, 
over Beth.

"You've got me."

The blush was back on her cheeks.  They were sprinkled 
attractively with a galaxy of freckles.  Viv hated them, 
especially the larger one near the tip of her nose.  Her 
only option was heavy-duty sun-screen and as little time 
outdoors as possible.  As she liked her sport this was 
annoying and she just had to put up with it.

The sport kept her frame taut, her muscles very feminine 
rather than resembling those of a body builder.  She was 
used to tying back her brown hair with it's auburn 
highlights into a long ponytail and the neat appearance 
contrasted with the other girls whose hair definitely 
needed washing.

While David didn't mind that his relatives were delayed, 
he did pause to wonder what was keeping them.

Viv moved in and David paused.  "I suppose I'd better 
remove an item of clothing.  Shirt first."  He undid most 
of the buttons and pulled it up over his head, leaving 
the cuffs the wrong way around.  He had grabbed what he 
would normally have had to wear to school; perhaps he 
should find some t-shirts instead.

He rested his arms on the neighbouring laps.  "Would you 
two ladies mind helping me?"  He nudged the one on his 
right.  "What is your name?"

"Brenda"

"Thank you Brenda.  Beth.  And what is the name of our 
last lovely lady?"  Vicki had told him he should 
compliment his partner but to always be sincere about it.  
This last young lady certainly WAS lovely.  Her features 
were delicate and she was shorter than the others.  He 
suspected she was a year younger and would be a very 
attractive woman in a few years.  It was a pity there 
would be so very few to notice.

"I'm Dale."

"Hello Dale.  Now Viv.  Are you going to give me as big a 
kiss as you gave Christie?"  He had resisted but the 
blushing cheeks looked so nice he had to tease enough to 
see them again.

He was successful though she deigned to answer.  As she 
leaned in David cupped her breast in much the same way as 
she had touched Christie but he maintained the pressure 
through their kiss, holding her waist with his other hand 
and gently probing against her lips with his tongue.

When they parted she rested one hand briefly against his 
chest and placed the other over his where he held her 
youthful tit.  She hadn't been offended.

They sat.

"Dale's turn"

The youngster leaned forward and once again David 
assisted the player to find the bottle.

Dale too got David and he discarded his shoes with an 
apology if it offended anyone and a complaint that 
between them they had this rigged.  Once again Christie 
checked out that he wasn't cheating.

When Dale came forward for her kiss David took full 
opportunity of her ignorance of the game so far.  With an 
arm around her waist he cupped her ass cheek with one 
hand and a breast with the other.  He held her against 
him and this time was more forceful in penetrating her 
mouth.  She responded readily to her first serious kiss 
and accepted the rest of his actions as part of the 
"prize".

It was now Brenda's turn and the ice was getting well and 
truly broken.

Brenda spun and David declared Beth the winner.  While 
the blonde on his right waited he put his hand back on 
her lap and watched as the brunette on his left 
unbuttoned her blouse and dropped it behind her.  He gave 
her leg a squeeze of approval and encouragement too then 
gently put his finger on her lips and ran it slowly over 
her chin and down between her pinkly-pale orbs.  He had 
heard of this version of "chicken" but had never had an 
opportunity to even try.  Now neither participant gave up 
until the finger had reached her navel and David returned 
to the game.

"Brenda has to kiss Beth."  He put his hands in the 
centres of their backs and encouraged them to approach 
each other.  They kissed directly in front of him and he 
put his hands on the back of their heads to indicate he 
wanted to see more.  Their mouths widened and David could 
see tongue pressing against cheek as their mouths writhed 
together.  As they withdrew their tongues trailed over 
each other then Brenda leaned in to give Beth a parting 
peck.

"Well done.  Can I suggest an adjournment for a while.  I 
have a little job to do and you might be able to help 
me."

"Okay."  There was a chorus of uncertain approval.  How 
could they help?

David stood and helped those next to him to rise.  The 
assistance travelled down both sides of the circle so 
Walter had two delightful young ladies to assist him.

"We just have to go next door for a minute.  You can 
leave that there."  Brenda had bent to try and find her 
blouse.  "You won't need it for now; trust me."

That was the one thing they had to learn to do; to trust 
those who were looking after them.  If the sighted WERE 
going to abuse that trust there was after all nothing 
that they could do about it.

David got them into a chain and led them to the outside 
door.  He got them to wait and addressed the room.

"We are trying to get you better washing facilities and I 
just need to check on them.  Michael and Nancy are 
getting some supplies like towels and shampoo and should 
be back soon.  I am only going to be gone for a couple of 
minutes so if you can't find your own way please just 
wait and I will attend to you then."

There were no urgent pleas for assistance so he led his 
expedition across the narrow quadrangle and into the 
swimming pool.

"I thought you might like a swim before the others start 
using the pool as a bath.  It should be nice enough in 
there; it certainly is here and I haven't got my shirt 
on."

He led them to the side of the pool and they felt the 
water.  It was pleasant though not overly warm and they 
were all eager to get in.

He led them back to the side and explained the layout of 
the room.

"What about bathers?" asked Dale.

"I'm afraid bathers are probably a thing of the past.  
The only one who can see you is me and I already think 
you look fantastic in your clothes.  What's the problem?"

"None I suppose."  David leaned forward and gently kissed 
her lips.  Dale wanted more of what he had given her 
before though and this time grabbed his butt and thrust 
her tongue between his teeth.  She melted against him 
when he briefly raised his hand to her breast before 
moving it over to undo some of her buttons.

Reluctantly he let her go and addressed the others as he 
parted the two sides of the front of her blouse and 
admired her budding form.  "Damn!", he wished he could 
skip his responsibilities for a bit longer.

"Just put your clothes against the wall in separate piles 
and wait for me.  There's a bench if it's not too cold.  
I just have to get something."

He left them stripping, pausing just outside the doorway 
to watch the show for a little while before returning to 
the gym.

"Everyone still okay?  I will be popping back and forth 
for a little while."  He addressed Walter's father.  
"Uncle Stan can you help me for a minute?"  As Stan got 
up David retrieved his shirt; it was too cold for too 
much running around.  At least it wasn't raining.

David lead his uncle to the school's foyer.  He had 
noticed there were a number of movable partitions in the 
foyer and on checking found some more in the staff room.

"I need to set up a path in our new bathroom so people 
can find their way safely from pool to toilet and back.  
There are some partitions here we can use and I think the 
two of us should be able to manage before Nancy and 
Michael get back."

"Okay.  Let's have a go at least.  I feel bloody useless 
sitting in there.  At least you want me to do something."

David and Stan tried a few methods of carrying the 
awkward screens before finding one that caused the least 
barked shins, stubbed toes or jammed fingers.  With 
continuing calls of "Sorry!" on both their parts they got 
the first to the pool door.

It was a challenge that David hadn't considered.  "Hang 
on."  He put his end down and went inside.  The array of 
pubescent female flesh on display was heart-warming.  And 
poor Wally had to miss it.  Maybe David could help him in 
other ways.

"Wally.  We need your help here for a minute.  Sorry 
girls I won't keep you there much longer."  He led his 
cousin to the door and instructed him to hold it while 
they brought the partition inside.  "Sorry to have you 
stand in the cold.  I'll try to be quick."

David lifted and started moving slowly through the 
doorway.  Stan was surprised on colliding with his son to 
find him naked.  What WAS going on?

"You can close the door now."  A shivering Walter quickly 
complied.

"I'll drag it now, thanks.  Hey girls I need your help 
now.  Stand up and bunch together."  He grabbed Wally's 
arm and pushed him into the mass of bodies.  "Wally got 
cold holding the door open; can you warm him up?"

The girls eagerly assisted although Viv grabbed Stan's 
arm by mistake and when she cuddled against him she was 
surprised to find him taller than she expected and 
clothed.

"I thought you took your clothes off?"  She reached 
further and encountered a large lump in the front of his 
pants.  She cheekily squeezed.

"Thank you, young lady," said a surprised but grateful 
Stan, "but I think you're looking for my son."

Viv moved her hand away like it was burned but Stan had 
his arm around her bare back and gave her a gentle paddle 
on the bum.  "Just don't let my wife catch you cuddling 
me or she might toss me out to fend for myself."

"That's Viv Dad, and I don't think Mom would toss you 
out.  You know she loves you; she kept telling you that 
when we went blind."

David had the first screen in place by the bathroom door.  
If anyone had to leave the pool to use the toilet it 
would simply be a matter of finding the steps and keeping 
a hand on the partitions.

He tried to stir up the freckle-face AND his uncle.

"If Auntie Deb will let you cuddle someone else you could 
do worse than Viv.  I know.  She's a marvellous kisser, 
isn't that right Christie?"

Viv was mortified.  The man, still with his hand around 
her, Wally's father and a complete stranger (maybe that 
was better, she could melt away into anonymity and avoid 
his censure), was being told she and Christie had kissed.  
She could feel the heat in her cheeks.

Stan felt her stiffen in his arm and protectively wrapped 
her with the other.  "Leave her alone David.  I know you 
like to tease but it's not fair on her."

The young girl wrapped her arms around his waist.  She 
had lost her parents, her family and almost all her 
friends and yet the immensity of it hadn't really sunk 
in.  The comforting arms around her allowed her to 
release the pent up emotions and she burst into tears.

Stan found himself having to console the naked girl who 
seconds before had (not so) innocently groped him.  The 
instinctive role of masculine defender of his womenfolk 
came to the fore with it's release of testosterone and 
adrenalin.  His heart beat stronger, his aggressive 
tendencies were heightened and, more obviously, his penis 
thickened and straightened.

He didn't notice at first nor did Vivienne.  David, 
ashamed that his actions had brought about the girl's 
teary breakdown could only apologise.  When Viv shook her 
head he initially thought she refused to accept it but 
finally came to understand she meant it wasn't his 
comments that were the cause, just the trigger.

Since his uncle was coping with her for now, David moved 
the remaining people over to the edge of the pool and 
showed them the ladder.  "It's shallow enough that no-
one's going to drown if they can't swim though if you go 
under you might not know which way is up straight away, 
so no horse play!"

"Yes Daddy!"  Beth was giving him cheek.

"Don't forget you're not too big to put over my knee."

"Oh promises, promises.  Well I've got Wally to protect 
me."  She took Walter's arm and draped it protectively 
around her shoulder.  His fingertips brushed across her 
breast as she put her arm around his waist.

Marnie on the other side said, "He has to protect me 
too."  Moving in against him she felt his arm around Beth 
and snuggled under the other one.  Her nude form was a 
pleasure for David to see and he hoped he got a share of 
it as well.  He wasn't really fixated on melon sized tits 
but his past reading material was heavily biased in that 
direction and so Marnie was his ideal pin up girl.

David positioned two rolls of floats at the end of the 
pool and dropped the ends into the water beside the six 
young people.  "Instead of protecting you, and I think 
you should worry more about being protected FROM him, how 
about you see (Damn! old terms were no longer 'PC') if 
you can get these hooked up at the other end."

It wasn't just make work; It would be useful when the 
others were herded over here and if they succeeded on 
their own their confidence should get a well needed 
boost.

Leaving them to their own efforts, David turned back to 
the recovering Vivienne and noticed the tent in his 
uncle's trousers.  "There is a bench over here.  I think 
it might be best if Viv sits with you for a while."  He 
eased them over to the seat and as Viv sat down he 
whispered in Stan's ear, "I don't see anything or say 
anything.  Okay?"

He liked his uncle, and his aunt for that matter, and 
wasn't going to pass judgement on them either way.  If 
Viv needed help and Stan was giving it to her and things 
went perhaps a bit too "far", David was not going to 
interfere.

David figured if he had taken Viv as one of his "women" 
she would have been considered "old enough".  If Viv 
considered Stan suitable then he was "young enough".

How Stan and his wife Deb dealt with it was their 
business but, even without an appreciation of the term, 
David knew polygamy had been made the order of the day.

David knew that Stan wasn't supposed to get anyone but 
Deb pregnant but they might not go that far, at least for 
now, and HE couldn't see why the rules couldn't apply to 
Stan and Walter.

Quietly of course.  He didn't want that dickhead Graham 
finding out and trying to join in.

He left them there and went back briefly to the gym 
before noisily dragging the next partition across the 
cold asphalt by himself.  He left it outside the door and 
looked through the condensation on the glass to see Stan 
still had his arm around the naked girl.

In the otherwise eerie stillness David heard the car pull 
up and went over to help the pair unload.  He found Nancy 
a little distraught; Michael's face was pale and covered 
in blood. 

*****

David was assured that it looked much worse than it was 
though Michael WAS a little dizzy.  He had a scalp wound 
that had bled profusely, as scalp wounds do, and that had 
left him looking like a bombing victim.

He hadn't apparently been concussed, the dizziness being 
brought about by the shock.

Once Nancy and David had gotten him onto the lounge 
though, SHE had to rush off to the bathroom, attempting 
to hold back the repeated urge to retch until she was 
over the porcelain bowl.

Satisfied Michael wasn't going to croak, David went over 
to the women who had been gathered from the hospital.

"Excuse me please!  I need to know which of you can help 
with an emergency.  Please raise your hand.  We have a 
head wound; he's been bleeding but is conscious and can 
walk with assistance."

There were four hands immediately up and one waverer.  
David grabbed the closest one, "Thank you."  He led her 
through the mattresses to his brother.

"Here he is; what do you need to know?"

"What happened?"

"I don't know.  Can you talk Michael?"

"Y-e-a-h.  We had just finished loading the car at the 
hotel and had gone into the kitchen to see if there was 
anything worth getting.  Someone jumped out and swung a 
knife at me.  He was off and I ducked out of the way but 
he caught me on the back-swing."

A number of people were gathered nearby listening.  
Roaming a silent city didn't seem such an easy job after 
all.  Realising their dependence on the few people who 
had rescued them, some now became fearful that accidents 
could make that number fewer.

"I had the advantage of being able to see what he was 
doing but he went mad and we just had to keep retreating.  
Stupidly I'd left the gun in the car.  I won't do that 
again!  Nancy went to get it but I tried to calm him 
down.  I didn't get anywhere and he followed my voice.

I retreated again but he had me trapped and I was using a 
skillet to block him when the blood got in my eyes.  I 
was wiping my face and would have missed his next stab.

Nancy shot him!"

His simple statement explained her reaction, delayed 
until he was safe and her mind could then think of what 
she had done.

"See she's okay Dave.  I'll be alright for a while."

David headed off to the bathroom.  Nancy had finished in 
the cubicle and was rinsing the bitter acid from her 
mouth.  She was shaking and sobbing and David took his 
older cousin in his arms and held her against his shorter 
body.  "Hey.  You're a hero you know.  You saved 
Michael's life.  It's alright.  You did what you had to 
do and he's going to be alright."

Though smart enough, David at 14 realised he was out of 
his depth.  He could be reassuring, he could hold her, he 
could tell her how brave she had been.  But what was best 
for a young woman who had just had to kill a man?

"It wasn't just that so much", she got out through 
heaving sobs.  "I had to do it and there wasn't time to 
think but when I was helping Michael up I saw inside the 
open freezer where he had been standing.  He had piles of 
bodies and there was an arm on the counter.  He was 
cooking them!"

"I wanted to be sick then", she continued, "but Michael 
almost fainted and I had trouble holding him up.  I don't 
know how we got into the car but I'm glad there was no 
traffic around."

"Come on then.  Michael might need some help.  I got one 
of the doctors and she will need us."  David figured that 
having something to do would be better for Nancy than 
dwelling on a cannibalistic cook.

"Thanks Nance!  I owe you one.  Big time."  Michael had a 
little more colour but was still covered in his now 
drying blood.

The doctor had been gently feeling around the tender area 
and took control.  "Michael has just had a bit of a 
shock.  It might be good if you could make some coffee 
and from what he has said the young lady probably could 
use a cup too.  I need you to wash the blood away 
carefully and you should boil some clean water and let it 
cool so if ..., Nancy is it?, can put a kettle on I want 
David to do a couple of other things for me."

Nancy took herself off to the kitchen, collecting Fran 
and Paul on the way.  She needed to talk to someone and 
after the previous night they were the obvious ones.

The doctor addressed David.  "The scalp wound isn't 
serious but the knife lifted a flap of skin and we need 
to stitch that back into place.  This probably won't be 
the last time someone needs help so you should probably 
get a good supply.  The hospital is going to be the 
easiest place since we have plenty of people who know 
where to find things.  There's no need for you to drive 
like crazy,... Oh! You can drive can't you?"

David assured her that, while he probably wouldn't have 
managed in heavy traffic, he had learned enough to keep 
one on the road safely.

"Okay then.  Ask for Janice or Anne-Marie where I was 
sitting.  They are nurses and either should be able to 
help you.  I think its better for Nancy to stay here for 
now.  Can you get Dr Riggs as well.  I think she should 
have a little talk with Nancy too."

David tracked down all three medical staff and led them 
back to Michael and the other doctor.

Anne-Marie volunteered to go with David and the first 
Doctor, who they finally found was called Georgina ("Just 
call me 'Georgie'"), decided to make use of Janice's 
skills herself.  They may have lost their sight but the 
ingrained hierarchical standards still made themselves 
felt.

Georgie told Anne-Marie a couple of specific things she 
wanted and then suggested a few others.  David grabbed a 
few empty cartons that had previously held cans of Irish 
Stew and headed towards the car park.

The keys were still in the station wagon and David 
decided that would be more useful anyway.  He put the 
cartons on the front seat and then spent the next few 
minutes carrying armloads of luxurious bathrobes back and 
forth.  This reminded him that he had left the others in 
the pool.

He grabbed an assortment of robes and headed to the pool.

"Everyone all right?  Sorry I was so long but my brother 
Michael was injured - he's going to be alright but I have 
to go out for a while.  You can stay here if you like or 
come back to the gym.  I've got some robes here you can 
wear."

The consensus was to remain.  They were getting on well 
together, Stan having joined them in the pool.  Aunt Deb 
might be a bit surprised if she found her husband and son 
cavorting naked with half a dozen nymphettes!

He got Walter to hold open the door again (noting the 
erection as his embarrassed cousin got out of the pool) 
and dragged the last two partitions into position.  At 
least that job was done.  If only he had had time to put 
the others up as a walkway between the buildings; the 
women could have organised their bathing themselves then.

He rushed back to the Gym.  So much had happened and it 
was only just after his normal breakfast time.  He 
grabbed Anne-Marie literally, but nicely, and let Nancy 
know about those in the pool.  He explained what he had 
done, and had planned to do, and took the young nurse to 
help carry some more cartons.

She was pretty, just 19 and only recently rotated to the 
Casualty department.  It was a chance for the young ones 
to decide whether they were treating nursing as a 
vocation or just a job and Anne-Marie had impressed 
Georgie with her good sense, a willingness to follow 
orders and the much desired ability to learn from other 
people's mistakes so she made few of her own.

She was unaware of the young age of the "man" sitting in 
the driver's seat.  He had been given a number of 
responsible tasks by those who were obviously older; they 
hadn't talked down to him and Anne-Marie didn't realise 
that they weren't aware of his youth either.

He "sounded" nice; he was concerned about his brother and 
had been comforting to his cousin.  When the shit had hit 
the fan he had sensibly sought the most qualified to 
provide assistance and hadn't panicked.  When he had 
sought her assistance he had been polite and had helped 
her into the car, very much the gentleman.

He hadn't said a lot when they were driving over.  She 
didn't realise that it was because he was being extremely 
careful.

Without the outside visual cues, his sedate 50 kilometres 
per hour (30MPH) seemed much faster.  She thought it may 
have been due to his concern for the others or simply 
that he had to concentrate on obstacles she wasn't aware 
of, so she too remained quiet until they pulled up.

David got out and retrieved two boxes from the back seat.  
He went around to Anne-Marie's side where she stood 
waiting and put her hand on one of them.

"Would you carry this please.  If you hold my hand you 
can tell me where to go.  I'll warn you of any problems."

He took her delicate hand and looked closer at her even 
more delicate features.  Her cheeks really could be 
described as "peaches and cream"; there was an almost 
invisible fine downy coating that reminded him of the 
fuzz on a peach and the pale colour certainly was creamy.

"Are we going?"

David returned to the present.  "Sorry.  It's just you 
are so beautiful."  Vicki probably hadn't intended him to 
be so conscientious about his homework but at least he 
had paid attention in "class".

He reached out a hand and stroked his knuckle across the 
downy surface.  Anne-Marie shivered at his touch.

"How old are you?" he asked.

"Nineteen."  She had always felt her nose too narrow, a 
cruel classmate had once warned her that she would put 
somebody's eye out when she kissed him, but David felt 
the "flaw" added to allure.

"Really?  You seem far more mature."  David had though 
she might be as old as 21.  19 seemed much more 
approachable.

"Thank you.  Shouldn't we get the things your brother 
needs?"

"An excellent suggestion."  David rewarded her with a 
kiss where his knuckle had rested, then brushed his lips 
against hers.  She shivered again.

As he leaned down to pick up the box he pumped his fist 
in the air.  Getting to know girls and women was F-U-N!

Anne-Marie gave him instructions on where to go and they 
attempted to enter the building.  "Oh Oh!"  The doors 
wouldn't open.  "Are their any doors that aren't 
automatic?"

"Around the back but they only open outwards."

"Okay.  Oh well I don't suppose it matters.  Stand over 
here for a minute."  Anne-Marie stood where she was told 
and waited.  She heard the car start and then come 
closer.  There was a loud bang and the sound of falling 
glass.  Seconds later it was repeated as the inner doors 
were "opened" as well.

The car backed away and David returned.

"That was great.  I didn't want to go too fast, just 
enough to break the class.  It just shattered into a 
million little cubes.  Come on then.  Just watch out, the 
first steps are a little crunchy."

He helped her over the mess and they finally started the 
job they had been sent to do.  There was an awful smell 
that fortunately wasn't strong enough to cause them to do 
more than screw up their noses.  It smelt like a dirty 
toilet and David was eager to get out of there.

Anne-Marie agreed and started telling him where to find 
the various items.  Local anaesthetic, syringes, needles, 
antiseptic, gloves, bandages, sutures, antibiotics.  
Anything they could grab quickly that would be useful.

David left her sitting on a chair by the store room as he 
repeatedly exchanged full box for empty.  With the car 
filled David excused himself, "I just need to investigate 
that smell.  It might be something we need to know about.  
Wait here I'll be right back."

Anne-Marie wasn't too happy being left alone.  To be 
taken into an uncertain situation was preferable to being 
left to imagine all sorts of not-so-impossible things.

"Take me with you please.  I don't want to be here 
alone."

David helped her stand and this time put an arm around 
her waist rather than just holding hands.  She put hers 
around his back and they headed into the hospital proper.

The fetid stench grew as they passed through the door and 
walked down the corridor.  David looked into one of the 
rooms and saw why.  He checked a couple more and decided 
that they didn't need to look further.

The bodies hadn't reached a state of decomposition to 
make the air noxious but the excrement did.  If the 
situation was the same throughout the hospital it 
wouldn't be pleasant to return for some time.  He would 
have to let his father know.

"Come on.  We don't need to go any further."

"What is it?"

"Let's just say they won't be in any more pain."

The nurse was confused.  "But they wouldn't have died so 
soon.  What could have happened?"

"I don't know.  Let's get back to the school."

He hurried her down to the car and helped her in.  He sat 
there for a while before starting the car.  It hit him 
that Nancy's experience wasn't the only bad thing that 
they were likely to encounter.

He needed some normalcy in a world that had gone crazy.  
It was too soon and too much had happened.  "I'm sorry", 
he said, "it just freaks me out a little.  Can you talk 
to me?  Just tell me about yourself.  Anything.  What do 
you like to do?"

He started the car while she thought of a topic and 
listened to her as he drove.  From time to time he would 
ask a question and she would explain further.

Sometimes the memories hurt but talking through them also 
released some of the tensions she had been feeling.  She 
was feeling better about herself and was finding the man 
next to her to be sensitive, actually listening to what 
she had said, and caring in his responses.  She was 
beginning to find him very attractive and wished she had 
met him earlier when she could have seen what he looked 
like.

They pulled up at the school and once again David came 
around to her door.  She didn't need his help getting out 
but appreciated that he was there to guide her as soon as 
she had closed the door behind.

"Let me just get the box with the main supplies and we 
can worry about the others later."

"Hang on."  Anne-Marie felt for him.  He turned and she 
hugged him.  "Thank you for being nice.  I liked it, and 
you.  When you are thinking about who you want, well, 
perhaps you could think of me?"

She gave him a kiss, intending to plant it on his cheek 
but he anticipated her and made sure their lips touched.  
It wasn't passion raising but he didn't break away 
immediately either.  Enough to let her know that he found 
her attractive and to give an unspoken promise that he 
would do just that.

He recovered the box and put her hand at the back of his 
pants.  "Just hang onto my belt.  I need both hands.  
It's only a few steps."  Anne-Marie interpreted his 
instructions in her own way and she wrapped her arms 
around him holding onto the front of his belt with both 
hands.

It was a bit awkward goose-stepping across the school-
grounds but it made David laugh and he enjoyed the feel 
of the firm breasts that were pressed into his back.

Michael greeted them looking a little healthier.  He was 
sitting bare-chested with the other nurse sitting inside 
his arm, her hand tweaking the light coating of dark hair 
spread over his pectorals.

David left the box by Michael's feet and took Anne-
Marie's hands and helped her to a separate seat.  He gave 
her a quick kiss on the cheek, marking his territory in 
front of his brother, and said "Thank you for your help."

Anne-Marie squeezed his hand and sat back to patiently 
await whatever was coming.

Georgie said, "Good.  Now how is your stomach?"  David 
was uncertain what she meant.

Michael explained for the doctor.  "Someone has to put 
the stitches in and the sooner the better.  Until the 
others get back that leaves you and Nancy and I'm afraid 
she has already declined rather fervently.  Now's your 
chance to really stick it to your big brother.  How about 
it?"

David didn't really feel he had much choice.  He hadn't 
minded biology lab.  Rats and frogs weren't a problem and 
he had had to dress rabbits once when he went hunting 
with a friend and his father.  Working on a person would 
just be different; on his own brother only a little 
worse.  He thought he would manage if only told what to 
do in a way he understood.

"Okay.  I'll do it."

He didn't consciously think of how it would look to Anne-
Marie if he defaulted but he did notice her widening 
smile.  "Hmm", he thought, "Maybe she really does like 
me."

The doctor was giving him instructions.  He had to scrub 
up and then disinfect the wound.  He needed to carefully 
trim the hair away and then he had to give his brother 
some local anaesthetic.

They would have to trust him to carry out their 
instructions to the letter.  David appreciated the 
serious responsibility he faced and started carrying out 
his duties while Janice proceeded to distract and comfort 
the patient in ways that would certainly have been 
frowned upon in the Casualty Department.

David was squeamish as he poked the needle into the skin 
on the top of his brother's head.  It only had to break 
the surface since there was little covering the bone.  He 
repeated it along the wound, following the doctor's 
instructions to put a little in at each place and then 
put the instruments on the tray on Anne-Marie's lap.

He opened the suture packet and watched as the doctor 
demonstrated on the arm of the lounge.  She could 
probably have done the job blind (blindfolds were now 
optional) but if she was here to pass on her knowledge 
there was no excuse not to start as soon as possible.  
Michael wouldn't suffer more than a slight mismatching of 
the edges and noticeable side part in his hair but looks 
weren't going to count for anything any more.

David found the job easier than he had expected, though 
he had to get the doctor to repeat her demonstration of 
that special twist to grip and tie the knot with the 
forceps.  At least Michael wasn't wincing as he had when 
the anaesthetic was injected.  David wondered if that was 
because his head was being carefully restrained against 
Janice's bosom.  No?

He finished up and the doctor carefully ran her hand over 
his work.  "Excellent.  Janice can bandage it to keep it 
clean.  We might make a surgeon of you.  How steady are 
your hands?"

"Normally okay but not right now.  I just hope that we 
don't need a surgeon."

"I certainly agree that it would be better if we don't 
right now but don't forget we are going to have a lot of 
pregnant women and I for one would like to know there is 
someone competent to look after me.  Think about it."

David hadn't considered that aspect.  There really should 
be at least a couple of them trained for childbirth and 
accidents.  He hadn't considered medicine as a career but 
maybe it was now both possible and necessary.  While he 
wouldn't have to study for umpteen years to get his 
qualifications he realised that he probably would have to 
face a life-long apprenticeship instead.

"I will."

The doctor heard the sincerity and interest in his voice.  
His answer hadn't been immediate so he had obviously had 
treated it seriously.  That was good.

"I'll just get rid of these and get cleaned up.  Is there 
anything more?"

"I think you and your brother could use a coffee.  It 
would be better to stay away from spirits or anything 
like that."

David wasn't quite sure about the protocol of serving 
coffee to half a dozen people without getting some for 
all the others but decided he had earned it and it 
wouldn't hurt them to wait.  He checked how the others 
liked theirs.

A few people were using the ropes to go to the toilet and 
had learned enough to move around to find their friends.  
David went over to where his mother was sitting with his 
relatives.

Someone had had the idea to stack the mattresses three or 
four deep when not being used for sleeping which made it 
possible to sit up more comfortably.  The idea had earned 
some brownie points for the person proposing it and had 
rapidly spread through the room.

"Hi Mum."

"Hello David.  What's been going on.  There was a story 
that some one was hurt but it travelled around the room 
one way and ended up Nancy had been shot and from the 
other direction we heard Michael had been stabbed."

"Michael got attacked but he's alright now.  Nancy saved 
him and got him back here but it was only a little slice 
to his scalp and I've stitched it up."

"You stitched him up?!?"

"Yes.  And you thought I would never amount to any thing.  
How do you feel about a doctor in the family?", he 
teased.

Joanna was just pleased one son was alright and that the 
other son was coping with the problems arising when his 
father and the other adults were gone.

"I'm proud of you son.  Just keep doing what you have to 
like that and we'll cope."

David excused himself and went to find both his cousin 
and some coffee.

Nancy had been busy while he was gone.  She had managed 
to get the other partitions and had most of a corridor 
set up between the gym and the pool.  A few chairs formed 
a makeshift wall where a partition was missing.

He found her in the kitchen making enough coffee for them 
all.  Lunchtime was coming up and they would probably 
welcome it.  He wondered where the scavenging parties had 
gotten to.  There was food available but he had hoped for 
something other than Irish stew.

Nancy came over and gave him a big hug.  "I looked in and 
saw you were looking after Michael.  I just couldn't look 
at his head without thinking about..."

David hugged her back.  He hadn't really had much 
physical contact with her in the past and it felt nice to 
hold her.  There wasn't a sense of sexuality, Vicki and 
Anne-Marie had felt THAT way, but rather a happiness in 
being able to soothe someone's cares.

"That's okay.  I saw some things while we were out that 
makes me understand how you must feel.  Michael will be 
alright thanks to you and you don't have to worry about 
him.  I think he might have his own personal nurse."

She released him and grabbed a tissue from her sleeve to 
have a good blow.

When he explained what he wanted she told him she would 
bring them and asked him to check on the pool.  She had 
looked in on them and they had seemed to be having fun 
together, even Uncle Stan!  That had surprised her and 
she hadn't said anything to them but they probably were 
looking like prunes now and might want to come back to 
the gym.

David left her and went to the pool.  He opened the door 
quietly and found things were a bit more sedate than 
Nancy had suggested.  They had gotten out of the water 
and found the bathrobes though none of them had bothered 
to tie the fronts.

That made sense since most of them were occupying their 
time with a touch here and there and the robes would have 
only complicated that further.

Beth and Marnie had retained their control over Walter 
though Dale was apparently permitted to share him as 
well.  Viv was sitting on Stan's lap while Christie lay 
her head on Viv's leg.  The surprising part was that Dale 
had sat her young twat fair on Walter's face and he was 
proceeding to eat her under the unseeing guidance of his 
father.

David, who had experience his own sex education class the 
previous night began to wish Michael's emergency hadn't 
taken him away from what appeared to be the practical 
session for the advanced class.

"Hi" said David maliciously.  Everyone started.  "No, 
it's all right.  Just David.  I was checking to see if 
you wanted to come back but it seems obvious you are 
happy just here."

Stan was a little abashed.  The conversation had begun 
about the unfairness that Walter and, implied rather than 
stated, Stan were not allowed the "freedom" that the 
other men had.

Stan had pointed out that he was happily married, as he 
continued to cuddle the nymphette who had attached 
herself to him, but there were other ways for Walter to 
give and receive pleasure without the risk of sex.  One 
thing led to another and he found himself either having 
to refuse to discuss anything further or to provide 
instruction in what had turned into an active practical 
session.

He guiltily admitted to himself that the small hand that 
brushed "accidentally" from time to time over his erect 
penis did influence his decision.

"You will let us know when the others get back?"

David knew which particular "other" his uncle meant.

"Will do.  See you later."  He certainly wanted to see 
some of them but also wanted to see Anne-Marie.  There 
just weren't enough hours in the day.

-----

As David left, Anne-Marie addressed Michael.  "Your 
brother seems really nice.  Does he have a girlfriend?"

Michael started which surprised Janice but fortunately 
Anne-Marie couldn't see his reaction.

"No.  No, I don't think so.  He's been more tied up in 
his studies."

"Oh.  University?  What was he studying?"

"I don't know the name", Michael prevaricated, "but it 
looks like he might have an interest in Medicine now."

How old did she think David was?

Janice was confused.  "I thought you said you were 17?  
How come he called you his 'big brother'?"

Michael thought quickly.  He didn't really want to 
deceive the young nurses but couldn't help have a bit of 
fun and if they thought David was capable enough to be 
older it wouldn't hurt.  "It's a joke I suppose.  I'm 
taller than him."  That at least was true.

He added his own query, "So you like him?"

"He seems like a real gentleman.  He could have been a 
jerk but he was nice to me and polite.  Yes, I like him."

"That's good.  I think he likes you too."

Anne-Marie looked down slightly embarrassed.  She was 
happy but didn't really like her feelings being quite so 
publicly discussed.

Michael thought he should have a few words with David and 
probably the others.  It wouldn't hurt if he skipped a 
couple of birthdays.

He might have thought differently had he known about the 
game of spin the bottle.

***************************************************

