So Not A Medic

Jack was early the next morning, heading to the archives without a word. The previous evening had confused him. He was very interested in Ianto, and the previous evening had confirmed that Ianto was interested in him. But... he shook his head, and grabbed his files.

Ianto was in his office when Jack arrived. He smiled as he watched Jack heading downstairs. He would give him some time and space before making his next move.

The cog door rolled open, the rest of the team arriving. Owen headed straight to the coffee machine, while Tosh and Gwen giggled their way to their workstations. Ianto watched them, smiling broadly, before the Rift Alarm sounded.

Ianto bounded down to Gwen’s workstation. Checking the readings, he grabbed his jacket and indicated to Gwen to follow him.

An hour later, a battered and bloodied Ianto sat on the autopsy table, under Tosh’s angry gaze.

“What do you think you were playing at?”

“My job” Ianto mumbled. Tosh glared at him, before he continued. “Why don’t you get Jack here? He can start his field medic training.”

Before Tosh could object to him deflecting her anger, Ianto tapped his Bluetooth to summon Jack from the archives. He arrived minutes later, bounding down the stairs, until he stood in front of Ianto. One look at his battered and bloodied boss, the blood oozing from a cut at his hairline, bruises forming, hand bleeding from a deep gash, and Jack keeled over.

Ianto, Tosh and Gwen watched as Jack turned pale, before passing out. Ianto laughed as Tosh checked Jack over. She directed Gwen to apply a cold compress to Jack’s forehead, as she returned her attention to patching up Ianto.

Fifteen stitches later, a patched up Ianto was watching as Tosh checked Jack over for a concussion. Jack was trying to avoid the attention, embarrassed by his fainting spell. Whilst trying to avoid everyone’s eyes, he found himself eye to eye with Ianto. The young man was grinning despite his injuries. Jack smiled weakly at him.

“When you’re finished here, Jack, can you stop by my office.” And Ianto left.

Ianto was working his way through a pile of paperwork when Jack knocked on the office door.

“Jack, come in.” Ianto pointed towards a seat. “Have a seat. Don’t want you fainting again!” Ianto grinned as Jack blushed.

“I’m sorry, sir,” Jack paused. “I... I... just... ”

“You just what, Jack?”

“I... I... just panicked seeing... seeing... ” Jack looked away, blushing deeply.

Ianto rounded his desk. Sitting on the edge, he lifted Jack’s chin. Their eyes met.

“Seeing what?”

“Seeing you injured,” Jack mumbled. “Seeing you injured.” Jack slumped in his chair, head down, shoulders sagging.

Ianto raised Jack’s head, blue gaze meeting blue gaze. Leaning down, Ianto placed a chaste kiss on Jack’s lips. Jack groaned at the loss of contact as Ianto broke the kiss.

“I’m okay,” Ianto murmured. “Still here. Still in one piece. Are you okay?”

The honesty of Ianto’s question burned in his eyes. Jack swallowed heavily. He wanted Ianto in a way he had never wanted a man before – in fact, he had never even considered wanting a man... romantically. Until he met Ianto Jones, then... well, everything changed.

“I’m fine, sir,” he took a deep breath. “I’m more concerned about how you are.”

“Ok. No more field medic training for the time being,” Ianto returned to behind his desk. “Weapons training is still on for tonight, unless Tosh says otherwise. We both have to pass medicals before she’ll let us on the range!” This brought a smile to both men’s faces. “Now, I’m sure you have work to do... ”

With that, Ianto returned to his paperwork, and Jack was, effectively, dismissed.