Wanda at the Zoo
by Syfter

Wanda becomes braless and buttonless.

Wanda had been looking forward to hanging out at the zoo with her cousins. Tanya and Diana had always been good companions when scouting out whether a place was worthy of a repeat visit in a larger family setting. Somehow though, every time Wanda would always lack behind when thinking about the scenery.

"Hey! Do those honkers keep slowing you down? You're always trailing behind us!" Tanya giggled as she lifts and bounces her own rack in reference to wanda.

"You're definitely one to talk Tanya! I can see your nipples through your zookeeper getup!" Wanda laughs and makes hand binoculars over her eyes towards Tanya.

Tanya let her boobs drop from her hands in one fell swoop after realizing the show she is putting on for the families looking in their direction. She chose to wear a safari inspired getup, with kahki shorts half way up her thighs, a brown leather belt, and a khaki vest that had trouble holding in her rather large breasts. You could see the outlines of her nipples grow as attention was brought to them.

"Don't go letting everyone around us know! I'm sure you'd be in the same boat without a bra aswell!" Tanya looked at Diana with a grin, and she returned her gaze with the same conniving look.

Tanya and Diana walked over to Wanda as she looked worriedly at the both of them. The top Wanda wore was a light blue button up blouse borrowed from Tanya. A most notable quality of the blouse was that it was a size too small for wanda. The buttons at the apex of Wanda's bust were under a lot of tension, visible with the small openings between the buttons. Wanda's maroon bra was also a borrowed article from her other cousin Diana.

"It's a strapless bra Tanya." Diana leaned over and told her cousin as they cornered their prey by the side of a snack stand.

"It's our lucky day isn't it?" Tanya said as she gripped Wanda's arms in place so Diana could take action.

Diana swooped in and wrapped her arms around wanda as she went for the clasp through Wanda's shirt. Wanda was not happy with this new development, so she tried moving her arms to intercept, but was unable because of Tanya's grasp. All she did was press her forearms into her boobs, making them squeeze together and putting more pressure on the openings between her blouse's buttons.

"Please guys! I was only joking!" Wanda kept squirming, but she just drew attention to her own predicament as her chest swung back and forth.

Diana's fingers found the clasp of Wanda's bra through the thin shirt and began working to unbuckle it. It only took a few seconds for an audible Pop to be heard as the back of the bra flew apart. Wanda's breasts shifted suddenly in her blouse, pressing the buttons almost to the breaking point. Diana moved her hands to the front of Wanda's blouse and slipped them under the hem. As she brought them farther up her shirt, the holes between the buttons stretched open far enough where what was taking place underneath was visible. You could see Diana grabbing the front of Wanda's bra and slowly pulling it down. The outline of the bra could be seen decending down Wanda's curvy bust until the top of it hung only onto her stiffening nipples.

"Please... hnnnfff..." Wanda let out a moan as the edge of the bra rolled over her nipples, which were now prominently jutting out of her light blue blouse.

Diana pulled the bra out from the bottom of Wanda's shirt before stepping back towards the snack stand and dangling her bra with a finger in the air.

"There we go, now you get to feel the cool breeze on those puppies." Tanya released Wanda's arms and did a quick pinch on her right nipple through the shirt. Wanda felt a surge of pleasure jolt from her nipple to between her legs. Diana watched with a smirk as Wanda's nipples hardened noticeably.

"Come on guys, enough joking around." Wanda reached for her bra, but Diana quickly responded by pulling the bra away.

Diana's outstretched arm hit a large pitcher of lemonade on the corner of the snack stand. She dropped the bra and attempted to stop the spill, but ended up redirecting most of the drink right onto Wanda's front. The glass pitcher hit the ground and shattered.

"Hey! What do you think you're do-..." The boy working at the snack stand stopped his complaint short when he saw Wanda.

Wanda's tight shirt was completely soaked in cold lemonade. It stuck to her boobs like a second skin, with her nipples as hard as diamonds. The boy couldn't believe his eyes as he stared between the buttons on Wanda's shirt and saw the inner curves of her tits.

"Oh my bad! I didn't mean to spill that on you!" Diana apologized and looked up at Tanya.

"Let's go get her some fresh clothes. I have a shirt in my car. Wanda, stay here and help clean up." Tanya said concerned.

Tanya and Diana quickly left to get Wanda the clothes and towel, leaving her to clean up the mess. Wanda took some napkins from the stand and began pressing them into her shirt while the boy watched. His gaze never left her hands as she pressed the napkins into her tits. Her boobs jiggled as she attempted to pat them dry. Wanda knew he was looking, but she thought the show was the least she could do because of the pitcher. She was so focused on the boy looking at her that she didn't feel the sudden pop of the button right between her breasts as it gave out trying to hold in her massive cans.

"Oh god..." The boy pronounced slack-jawed as he witnessed the magnificent sight before him.

"Please don't be upset! I'll clean up the mess!" Wanda crouched down and began picking at the pieces of glass.

The buttons on her top didn't agree with this, as the top button also popped off at high speed. This left a deep V of exposed skin down her cleavage, with the next button barely holding her shirt together at the bottom portion of her tits. Wanda did feel this, and her eyes shot wide open when she looked down to see her hard nipples barely  within the thin fabric of her blouse.

"Not again..." Wanda muttered as she stood up.

Both of her hands were holding bits and pieces of glass, so she had to watch in terror as the button below her boobs gave way. The boy hollered in approval as her chocolate tits bounced out of her shirt and into the feasting eyes of a few spectators. Wanda looked for a place to put the shards of glass, and ran across the path to the nearest trashcan. Many people walking stopped in their tracks as Wanda's big melons bounced out of her shirt. Wanda emptied her hands and attempted to conceal her breasts, but the buttons had flown off.

Tanya and Diana rounded the corner and saw Wanda trying to hold the front of her shirt together, and offered her the new shirt. Wanda changed in the bathroom and spent the next few hours rolling her eyes at her cousins numerous retellings of her boobs becoming the main attraction at the zoo.

Fin