"Young man, you are not going anywhere until Eli gets back, and that's final."

Pete stared at Martha Kent in awe. Man, she could go from have-some-tea to warrior woman in two seconds. "But, Mrs. Kent—"

Martha blocked his move toward the kitchen door. "We have no idea where those lunatics are, and until we do, you're staying right where you told your parents you'd be."

"Mrs. Kent, Lana's out there with those lunatics." His voice got a little weird, and he cleared his throat.

Martha's face softened. "I know."

"She could be—"

"Eli will find her." 

God, she sounded so sure. "You really trust that guy?"

Martha smiled a little. "Yes. You will, too, when you know him better."

"I don't think so," Pete said sourly. He thought about saying he wouldn't trust Asshole Junior either, but since Mrs. Kent actually liked the guy -- Jesus, who'd have expected that? -- he held off.

"Sit down." Martha pulled out a chair from the kitchen table. "Did you sleep at all?"

"I couldn't. It's just… I keep thinking about what could happen. Whitney's nuts and I don't know what the hell Hamilton is. They could do anything."

Martha hugged him on her way to the kitchen counter. "Try not to think about that. I know it's hard. But I promise we'll bring her back to you."

Something about the way she said that made his face go hot. "Um…Mrs. Kent, Lana and I aren't…I mean…. "

"Of course not, sweetie." Martha sat a piece of cherry pie in front of him, then glanced up, startled, as a gust of wind from the front door ruffled her hair.

Pete craned his neck to see if anything was out front, but there was nothing there. Then he got it. "Oh. Was that who I thought it was?"

"Clark is back," Martha said, frowning. "I wasn't expecting him home so early."

"Where did he go?" Pete asked around a mouthful of pie. Damn, Mrs. K could cook.

"I think he went up to the loft." Martha sighed. "Oh, that's not good. That's not good at all."

***

Clark fairly flew up the steps to the loft, and seizing the end of the sofa with both hands, flung it into the opposite wall and let it topple to the floor. He did that a few more times before he could be sure he wouldn't set the damn barn on fire. 

God! Lex Luthor! Why the hell did he have to be in love with Lex Luthor? Lex Luthor was a prick. With issues. A big, bald prick with issues. God damn it!

Clark threw the sofa again and slid down to sit on the floor, panting from sheer aggravation. And of course he'd done it again. He'd run. Well, flew. Same thing. Why did he always run? It was like he was fucking programmed or something. Scared? Run. Pissed off? Run. Hurting? Run. He was a goddamned basket case. He was a basket case who'd just left the guy he wanted to get old with alone to deal with Lionel Luthor's mind-whammying. He'd run out on Lex. And yeah, Lex had said some shitty stuff, but he'd also been right. 

Clark pinched his eyes shut. Lex had been right. He'd gone behind Lex's back. Clark had known that before he talked to Mom and Pamela. He'd known it while he'd talked to Mom and Pamela. He'd known it after he'd talked to Mom and Pamela and he'd done it anyway, because he couldn't stand the look of razor blades and pills in Lex's eyes. To let Lex think he'd murdered a baby, to let that bastard father of his do that to him…. God. He'd have been wrong no matter what he'd done. But whose side are you on had still been shitty.

Not that what he'd said had been much better. Oh, hell, they were both pricks with issues. Obviously they were made for each other. Giving the sofa one last kick, Clark fell back to stretch out on the loft floor and closed his eyes, trying to breathe normally, to kill the fire, and to erase the memory of the cold contempt in Lex's face.

***

"The top rail dug into my stomach," Lex said to the ceiling stars, stretched out on his back on the floor. "The top rail dug into my stomach."

The statement hadn't made any impression on him at all. It had seemed entirely plausible in a sea of other plausibilities.

But it wasn't.

He could not have felt the top rail dig into his stomach. He could not even have bent over the rail. It was an anomaly in an otherwise accurate account of that night. What he could remember of it.

An anomaly.

Or a lie. Clark had said it was a lie. Oh, God. Clark. 

Lex rolled over onto his stomach, feeling strangely drained, and hauled himself to his feet.

Clark. Lex wandered over to the destroyed doors and stared bleakly out into the sunny morning outside, at the spot in the sky where he'd last seen him. Clark wouldn't come back. Not after this. He turned to stare at the bed. No more normal boyfriends. That letter was all he'd ever have of Clark from now on. His last gift.

"I don't know what to do," Lex said calmly.

The meeting. The meeting with his father.

"I don't know what to do, Clark."

Lex stood silently for a moment, then scooped up the t-shirt and sweat pants he'd been wearing when Clark arrived the night before and put them on. He walked down the stairs slowly, not quite certain where he was going, then moved unsteadily down the hall. He stopped at Pamela's door and froze there. "I don't know what to do," he whispered. Forcing himself to breathe, he raised his hand and knocked.

The door opened almost immediately, and Teskey's fierce expression actually, for once, silenced Lex completely. Teskey's expression almost immediately turned to puzzlement. "It's early, Alexander."

"Yes," Lex said.

Puzzlement became concern. "Are you all right?"

Lex regarded her dumbly for a second. "Could I see her, please? Just…for a minute."

Teskey regarded him solemnly for a moment, then nodded. "She didn't sleep well. She's drowsy."

"One minute," Lex whispered, and Teskey moved out of his way, watching him with a thoughtful frown. He moved to the side of the bed and slipped into his chair, watching the woman who had wanted to help him grow up struggle to open her eyes. She turned her head to look at him.

"There you are. Seems to me I heard something in the way of raised voices a while ago." Pamela's voice was a raspy whisper; Lex leaned down to hear her.

"Yes," Lex whispered back.

"Your moral compass chirping again?"

Lex closed his eyes. "He's gone."

"Gone?"

"He…I…"

"Ah." Understanding registered in her blue eyes. "He read Karloff's files."

"Yes."

"What did they say?"

Lex struggled to speak for a moment. "Julian. Plastic from the kitchen. He tried to cry and couldn’t."

"Oh, Alexander." Lex felt her hand caress his cheek, and he opened his eyes. Pamela looked up at him with so much tenderness that Lex found it difficult to meet her gaze. "What have you been doing to yourself?"

"I thought it was proof," Lex whispered.

"It is. But not proof of anything you did."

"I need you to tell me the truth."

"I would never lie to you."

"I didn't kill him."

"No."

"It wasn't an accident."

"No."

"It wasn't SIDS."

"No."

Lex rested his forehead on Pamela's shoulder. "My father," he rasped.

"Your father," Pamela said, draping her arm around his shoulders.

"Clark tried to tell me. I wouldn't believe him. I couldn't believe him."

"You've been getting too close to Lionel, Alexander. He's poison to you. He's poison to your mind."

"Clark's been telling me that for months. I thought I could handle it. I thought I could—"

"Beat him at his own game?"

"That wasn't the plan," Lex whispered. "I wanted—"

"I know. To undo what he had done to Smallville."

"Yes."

"To protect the Kents."

"Yes."

"Both good causes. Which is why involving your father is self-defeating."

"There was no other way."

"Find another way, Alexander. You have to find another way. For you. For Clark."

Lex raised his head, breathing hard. "There is no Clark."

Pamela almost glared. "Nonsense."

"The things I said—"

"I can imagine. So could Clark. He knew how you would react. He did it anyway. For you. That's how much he loves you."

"He told me…forgiveness just goes. It doesn't stop. But that was before—"

"You should listen to that chirping more carefully, Alexander." Pamela's eyes drifted shut, but she was smiling. "He was telling you something. Now go call him."

Lex swallowed. "You don't understand. I told him that—"

"You are being extraordinarily thick, Alexander Joseph Luthor." Pamela opened one eye. "Go call that boy now. And when he forgives you, you can come back here and tell me that I was right. Again." She closed the eye, her smile even deeper. "Now let me have my nap. I'll see you this afternoon."

"Yes, ma'am," Lex murmured, kissing her cheek. "I'll be back."

Numb, Lex rose and moved as quietly as he could to the door, where Teskey was watching him with suspiciously bright eyes. "Come back soon, Alexander," she said softly, gently ushering him through the door.

Lex nodded mutely and left, resisting the urge to look back.

***

Martha watched Clark's lack of reaction to the night's horror story with growing alarm. "Chloe's still sleeping, and Pete is in the kitchen eating pie."

"Pie." Clark barked a harsh laugh that echoed off the loft's rafters. "And Whitney and Lana?"

"We're waiting for Eli to call. Hopefully he'll be able find them."

Clark nodded, his gaze far away. "Should I go look?"

"Clark, Hamilton and Whitney want to turn you over to—"

"I don't think they can catch me hanging a few hundred feet in the air."

"They might see you, sweetheart."

"Lionel Luthor's already seen me. Does it matter?"

Martha put an arm around her son's shoulders, frightened. She doubted the phrase does it matter had ever passed Clark's lips before. "Tell me what's happened, Clark."

Clark turned to her with a closed expression that chilled her. "What we all knew would happen. I found Karloff's laptop. I read his journal."

"A journal?" Martha was surprised. "What was he writing about?"

"His memories. I think he was writing them down because they come and go so much." Clark swallowed. "God, Mom, it was horrible. The whole thing. One miserable memory after another. And it was like three people were writing it. Sometimes it sounded like Karloff, and sometimes it sounded like Lex, and sometimes it was…Mr. Luthor."

"It's true, then," Martha whispered. "Some part of Lionel is—"

"It's true. Mom. The things he did to Lex. I thought I knew the worst, but I didn't. Not even close. Over and over again, just…his games and his meanness. He never let up, he never let Lex have a minute's peace. Even when Lex was away at school, that bastard found ways to hurt him. I wanted to… And then Julian."

"Pamela was right," Martha said shakily, completely unable to summon a reproof for bad language. She wanted to indulge in some herself. "It was Lionel."

"He…he suffocated his own baby. With a piece of plastic. And then made Lex think he'd killed him because he liked to hold him. Oh, God, Mom. I wanted…I wanted to kill him when I read that." A flash of amber lit Clark's eyes.

"No." Martha gave him a little shake. "No, Clark, don't let yourself start thinking that way."

"Don't you think that way sometimes?" The challenge in his voice made Martha meet his gaze sternly, and Clark lowered his head.

"Yes." Martha forced the admission from herself. It was easier to deal with out there.

Clark looked up again with an apologetic expression. "I'm sorry, Mom. I didn't mean to—"

"And then I stop, Clark, because that's not who we are. If we go down that road, then we're no better than he is." And most of the time, this litany worked. Most of the time.

Clark leaned back into the sofa with a frustrated expression. "I know."

"Did you tell Lex that you'd read the journal?"

Clark flashed her a bitter smile. "He found me just as I was finishing."

"Oh," Martha sighed in sudden understanding. "He didn't…take it well."

"He hates my guts," Clark said flatly. "I told you and Pamela he would."

"He doesn't hate you, Clark," Martha said gently. "He's angry. There's a difference."

"You didn't hear the things he said." Clark's voice shook. "He asked me…he asked me whose side I was on."

Martha firmly repressed her instinctive response to slap Lex silly and demand to know whose side he was on. "I'm sure he was sorry for that the minute it came out of his mouth, Clark. You know how Lex is when his temper gets the better of him."

"I know. I said shitty stuff to him, too." Clark's eyes brightened and he looked away. "I got so mad. He wouldn't believe me about Julian no matter what I said. I said really shitty stuff, Mom."

"When your father and I had our first fight, I thought I'd never see him again." Martha couldn't help smiling a little. "That was twenty-five years ago."

Clark gave her an uncertain glance. "Do you still fight? I mean, really fight? I don't think I've ever heard you—"

"Oh." Martha laughed a little. "Yes. We still fight, Clark. We're just not as loud as we used to be."

"I don't think I've ever heard you yell like Lex and I did."

"When you were little, we used to fight in the truck. Loudly."

Clark's eyes widened. "In the truck? Why?"

"Because we didn't want our little boy thinking Mom and Dad didn't love each other. Children have trouble making the distinction between anger and not loving even more than adults do."

Clark was laughing, but there were tears in his eyes; he hugged her tightly. "Aw, geez, Mom. You guys are too much."

Martha settled her head on her son's shoulder, relieved. "He'll come to his senses, Clark. Give him some time."

"Do you think I should call him?"

Martha scowled. "No, I most certainly do not." Whose side are you on warranted stern measures. "I'm sure he'll call you soon."

Clark bent his head to look at her, smiling affectionately. "Did you make Dad call you, too?"

Martha raised an eyebrow. "I didn't make him do anything, Clark. I would never manipulate your father."

"Uh-huh."

"I just gave him the time he needed to realize how wrong he was."

Clark snorted. "And how he should call you up and tell you how wrong he was?"

"It was very educational."

"I don't think Lex wants to be educated, Mom. I don't think he cares anymore."

Martha raised her head and stroked his hair away from his face, but he only looked older and sadder that way. "I don't believe that. He's been through a lot. He's confused. Try to be patient, Clark."

Clark cast her a skeptical glance. "Were you patient?"

"Of course. I only checked my messages once an hour."

Clark kissed her cheek and buried his face in her hair, and Martha held on to him, trying to tell herself that her son wasn't nearly as grown-up as he seemed.

***

Belle Rève. Always matters returned to Belle Rève now. It was significant, and ominous. Its bleak cement exterior and barred and shuttered windows would have confirmed every ugly rumor about the place for a stranger, but Eli required no such assistance. He knew full well what went on here. The den should be blown back to hell, where it belonged. That indeed would be a righteous use of an unmarked attack helicopter, but Eli doubted he should be given the satisfaction of such a sight.

Eli scowled as he watched Whitney park his family's car and walk unsteadily toward the employees' entrance. The parking lot was almost empty. A skeleton staff was on duty, apparently. Eli could see security cameras at the main and employee entrances, but nowhere else. The facility was surrounded by a chain-link fence that a brisk wind might topple if it had the mind, and the gate was secured by a simple five-digit electronic lock.

Amateurs. If there truly were dangerous lunatics inside, the entire environs of suburban Metropolis were in dire danger every moment of every day, for Eli seriously doubted that security within the facility would be any improvement on the exterior.

Eli laid a hand on his car door, but his phone vibrated in his breast pocket. He grimaced; it would be Max, of course. Always Max had magnificent timing. Eli pulled his phone from his pocket. "You have discovered something of significance, yes? For I am certain you would not disturb me otherwise."

"Has anyone ever told you you're a foul-tempered pain in the ass?" Max sounded somewhat at the end of his tether.

"Once. I decapitated the oaf and hung his head from the eaves above his front door. Report."

"She's here, Eli. Somewhere. I finally cornered the gas station attendant on the main drag, and he told me that while Fordman was filling the tank, she bolted out of the car holding a box of some kind."

Eli leaned back in his seat. "A box? Was he certain?"

"Oh, yeah, he remembered real well. Because Fordman took off chasing her on foot, and when he lost her, he came back and peeled out of the station without paying. Evidently that's frowned on in these parts."

"You amaze me." It seemed Miss Lang was entertaining second thoughts about her role in the ill-advised abduction attempt; it spoke well for the young lady's intelligence. "Find her."

Something like sputtering came across the line. "You think I haven't tried? I've been all over this postage stamp of a town – which I'll have you know doesn't even begin to open its doors until seven – and I haven't been able to spot her anywhere."

"Then you are wasting your time. She would not stay in town. She resides in the countryside, not far from the Kent house." The Kent house. Ah. Perhaps Miss Lang's thoughts were not so intelligent. "Go to her house at once. I am returning to the Kents. Contact me with any relevant developments."

"Understood." 

Max was muttering profanities again when Eli hung up on him. Making a mental note to speak to Max about his unprofessional language, Eli slammed his car into gear and pulled a U-turn, heading back toward Smallville.

***

It took Lex a full thirty seconds after turning on his phone to summon the will to dial the Kents' number, and seven attempts before he could actually let it ring. It was beyond absurd. He had survived being abducted, tortured, starved, shot, knifed and enthusiastically encouraged to leap off a skyscraper in the past few months, and here he was afraid – there was no other word for it – to call Clark Kent. He could survive anything, it would seem, except losing Clark. He wondered if Clark would come to the phone. If he would speak to him. If… Lex grit his teeth. The worst had finally happened. He had become a thirteen-year-old girl. This was brutally confirmed when Lex found himself holding his breath as someone answered.

"Hello?"

Whoever it was was in the middle of eating something. It took Lex a couple seconds to recognize the voice. "Pete?"

"A.J.?"

Lex suppressed annoyance at the recurrence of the baffling nickname, but before he could speak again, Pete was off and running.

"Oh, man, you totally missed it. An Apache chopper! Hellfire missiles! A crater half-a-mile wide where Eddie Cole's house used to be!"

"Are you drunk?" Lex snapped. "What the hell are you talking about?"

"Hamilton has totally mutated! Half glow-worm, half ghost, you know?"

"No. No, I don't know, and I seriously doubt you know, either."

"He and Whitney were arguing about how to hand Clark over to your dad, and so Hamilton shoves his arm right through Whitney! His hand was—"

"What?" Lex's knees gave way; he sat down on the bed hard. 

"All like, wriggling on the other side, you know? And Lana told him she'd help—"

"Where's Clark?" Lex rasped.

"But I know she was lying to save Whitney, because she would never—"

"Tell me where Clark is right now."

"And then the chopper comes, and everybody scatters, and Lugosi just called and said that Whitney is okay at Belle Rève, and Lana is okay somewhere in Smallville, but Max hasn't found her yet. And—"

"Where the fuck is Clark?" Lex shouted into the phone, imagining strangling Pete Ross with his shoelaces.

"Jesus! Calm down. How much coffee have you had, asshole? He's in the loft, talking to his mom about something."

In the loft with Martha. Lex let out the breath that had been strangling his lungs. "I need to talk to him."

"Now? I'm having my breakfast pie."

"Pete," Lex said between clenched teeth, "So help me God, if you don't put Clark on this phone in ten seconds, I'll pull your fucking lungs out through your ears."

"Okay, okay. Jesus."

Lex winced as the receiver rattled on the kitchen table. "CLARK! THERE'S A SIZE ELEVEN ASSHOLE ON THE PHONE FOR YOU!"

Great. Just great. Now Clark would either refuse to come to the phone or take his sweet time—

"Hello?" Clark's voice was unnaturally subdued, strained. It hurt just to hear it.

Lex opened his mouth, shocked that Clark would actually run to the phone, but nothing came out.

"Lex?" Clark's voice sharpened. "Are you okay?" 

Was he okay. "Clark," he croaked. Oh, for God's sake, this was pathetic. Lex cleared his throat. "I want you to stay in the house. When will Eli be back?"

"I don't—"

"Christ, my father will be there at ten. What the fuck was I thinking?"

"Lex—"

"I'm coming right over, just stay in the house, and—"

"Lex, I'm okay. Breathe."

"What the hell does Eli think he's doing? I'll contact Max and Moira and get them there to cover—"

"Moira's here already. Are you breathing?"

"I didn't—"

"I'm not hearing breathing yet, Lex. Get with the program."

"Mean it. I didn't mean any of it. Christ. I know whose side you're on. I've always known. It's what I hold on to. It's what keeps me alive."

A gust of breath whispered across the line. "Lex, it's okay. I knew you'd be mad. I just didn't know what else to do, so I—"

"I'm sorry. I know you give a damn." Lex forced himself to breathe. "It was all a lie, Clark, everything I said was a lie."

"Lex. It's okay, I get it. I went behind your back. I'd have been mad, too." Clark's forgiveness thing did indeed just go and never stop. It was apparently powered by an inexhaustible energy source of an as yet undefined nature, made a habit of plowing through steel walls at will, and was stone blind. "I'm sorry, too. Some of the things I said—"

"They were true."

"Well, yeah, mostly. But still."

Lex could hear the grin in Clark's voice and felt every muscle in his own body go limp. He flopped back on the bed. "I love you." It didn't sound quite so insipid anymore.

"I love you, too."

"Aw, God. God! I'm eating here!" Pete's indignant voice faded into the distance, accompanied by Martha's firm tones.

Lex took another breath, the interruption barely registering on his consciousness. "I didn't hurt him, Clark."

"I know."

"Ever since I can remember, I thought I'd killed him. Maybe I picked him up the wrong way. Maybe I held him the wrong way."

"But you didn't," Clark murmured. "You were a great brother."

"But when I read that thing—"

"You know who that was."

"I thought it was proof, Clark. I thought it was…what the hell was I on?"

"You know that, too."

Lex said nothing, just breathing, only breathing.

"Lex, it has to stop. This…alliance. It's no good. It's killing you."

"I know," Lex whispered. The one plan he'd come up with to save Smallville and protect Clark was a complete failure. Now what? What was left?

A sigh of relief. "Pamela gave me a message to give your dad."

A message. What was she up to now? Why Clark as the messenger? Damn it. Lex's guts twisted at the idea of Clark within a mile of Lionel Luthor. "Pete just told me—"

"I know." Damn that hearing of his. "I won't be alone. Eli will be back before your dad gets here. So will you. My whole family will be here. Nobody's delivering me to your dad today." He sounded too damn brave. Brave was dangerous.

"I don't like this, Clark." Lex was impressed by the extent of his understatement.

"Lex, I'll be the best protected guy on the planet."

Lex knew there was no way in hell he would win this fight today. Not after he'd just been impossibly, astonishingly forgiven by a beautiful alien prince. "Yes. You will. I'm coming armed. Deal with it."

Clark actually chuckled.

"I mean it!"

"I know you do," Clark said tenderly.

Lex firmly tamped down some inconvenient physiological responses to that voice. "Is this message important, Clark?"

"Pamela thinks so. She thinks it will make Lionel leave you alone. At least for a while."

"Leave me alone? That's our priority?"

"Uh, yeah, Lex. Right now, that's our priority."

"Clark, things just got worse."

"They do something else?"

"Stop that. God, you're starting to sound like him. Things just got worse for you."

"I promised Pamela, Lex. It's something we need to do." He paused for a second. "Do you trust me?"

"Yes," Lex whispered. Damn, he wished he didn't. It would be so much easier.

"Are you still my bastard?"

Lex laughed raggedly into the phone, blinking. "Now and for all time, Clark."

"I need you here."

"I'm on my way."

***

"Is it me, or does he seem a little nervous today?" Jonathan's voice was laced with venomous satisfaction.

Eli glanced toward the windows opening onto the Kents' front porch to see Lionel pacing past, all set jaw and narrowed eyes. Clark was sitting at the picnic table that he had set up on the far end of the porch for Lionel's and Lex's "meetings," alternately reading one of his textbooks and watching Lionel. "If one insists on arriving before the agreed time, then one should expect these minor annoyances."

"Uh-huh. From the look on one's face, one expects Simon Bar Sinister to blow a gasket. King me." Jonathan leaned back in his recliner with a smirk.

Eli restrained a rare urge to indulge in profanity, glaring at the checkers board. "This game is a child's pastime. It is not a challenge for a grown man."

"You didn't think so before I started kicking your ass."

It occurred to Eli that Moira was quite correct in her assessment: two weeks in the intensive care unit and a week of house arrest had done nothing to render the farmer more pleasant company. Indeed, he had been supremely annoying during every moment of his hospital stay, and had become positively obnoxious since his homecoming. Only Martha had thus far been able to tame this beast. "You have not kicked my ass. Reassess your position. Overconfidence inevitably leads to tactical errors, Jonathan." 

Eli slid his man carefully to the next square, only to watch in horror as Jonathan leapfrogged over every one of Eli's men and swept them off the board, cackling. "You said it, Callahan."

"This game is absurd!" Eli snapped, resisting an unbecoming impulse to knock the board to the floor. "It is infantile. It is a game for trained monkeys and the frontally lobotomized."

Jonathan was grinning ear to ear. "Nobody likes a sore loser, Eli."

"But you will never learn a better one, since you are afraid to face me over a chess board."

"Chess," Jonathan said in the tone reserved for the worst of his platitudes, "is for sissies."

Eli was rendered momentarily speechless in his indignation. The game of princes, of generals, of great minds since Persia ruled the western world -- that this Kansas barbarian would impugn the manliness of such a game was beyond belief. He opened his mouth to speak, determined to enlighten the dullard even if it meant raising his voice in Martha Kent's house, but caught the amusement in Jonathan's blue eyes and snorted. "As I said. You fear to face me."

Jonathan made a rude noise and began setting up the board again. The cricket would have said his chain was being pulled. Eli supposed it to be a compliment of the backhanded Jonathan Kent variety. One did not jest so with one's enemies.

As if on cue, a curse and someone wrestling with a latch made both men turn toward the screen door. "Remove your hand from that door, Mr. Luthor," Eli said in a mild tone. "Or I shall remove it from your arm."

Lionel glared at them through the screen. "You can't possibly expect me to stand out here in the cold—"

"It's seventy degrees out there." Martha's tone, however, was decidedly chillier. She descended the stairs, nodding to Eli. Eli nodded in return. So, she had managed to convince the Marines that discretion was the better part of valor. So much the better. The less Lionel Luthor knew about Pete and Chloe the better.

"It's a real nice day out." Clark's voice was like knives. "Come have a seat, Mr. Luthor."

"A very mild day for late April in this wilderness," Eli agreed, his gaze fixed on the frustration in Lionel's face. Yes. It had grown in the past three weeks. The change in the wind would be a violent one. "Breathe deeply of the fresh air, Mr. Luthor. Enjoy what little time is left to you."

"Don't be absurd. You know perfectly well you aren't going to kill me. Empty threats undermine one's credibility, Eli." Lionel yanked the door open and rested his hand on the door jam, only to leap back as a quivering knife appeared embedded neatly in the wood between two of his fingers. Eli leaned back in his chair, unable to resist a smile as his fingers danced across the handle of the second knife in the breast pocket of his jacket.

Jonathan raised an eyebrow. "You missed, Callahan."

"I never miss." It was good to throw a knife again. It was even better to throw a knife at Lionel Luthor. Lionel stared at the weapon, silent and white-faced. Yes, let the snake see that this mongoose still had his teeth. "As you see, Mr. Luthor, my credibility remains intact. Close the door."

Lionel let the screen door swing shut, but did not move.

"I'll show you how to use the wood putty later," Jonathan said to Eli, returning his attention to the checkers board. He lowered his voice. "He's right, you know."

Eli couldn't help smiling as he watched Lionel retreat from the door. "Is he?"

"If you keep threatening him and don't do anything—"

"He will cease to take me seriously."

Jonathan shot him a sharp look. "Yeah."

"He will no longer consider me a threat."

"What are you—"

"He will become careless." Eli met Jonathan's gaze.

Jonathan stared back at him, one hand frozen over the checkerboard. "You know," he whispered, "Lex is right. You are one scary son of a bitch, Callahan."

Eli chuckled and rose, touching Jonathan's shoulder as he passed.

"Be careful," Jonathan said under his breath.

"I am a very careful man." Eli moved through the door onto the porch, and assumed his favorite seat on the porch swing, at the other end of the porch from the picnic table.

***

Lex slammed the car door shut behind him and started the engine, taking off down the curving wooded drive at a pace that would have sent Jonathan off on one of his patented safe-driving pontifications had he seen it.

He hated this idea. The fact that Pamela's success rate when dealing with Lionel Luthor far exceeded his own did not make him hate it any less. He couldn't imagine anything that would make his father leave him alone, for however brief a time. And the idea of Clark starring in some off-off-Broadway production written by Pamela Jenkins and stage-managed by Eli Cohen made his stomach turn over.

Lex tried to relax, with limited success. Clark wouldn't go too far. Clark Kent, Conscience Emeritus and Officially Sanctioned Voice of Reason, would certainly avoid bloodshed. Provided, of course, that his ridiculous yet endearing ambition to protect Lex from his father didn't prevent his consideration of more important matters. Lex took the last turn in the drive at top speed and immediately slammed on the brakes, gasping, as a slight figure appeared in the center of the road. The Saturn came to a screeching halt just inches short of vehicular homicide, and Lex laid his forehead on the wheel. Destiny was obviously trying to tell him something. 

He took a couple shaky breaths and looked up again, only to realize that the idiot hadn't moved. "The hell?" Lex turned off the engine and scrambled out of the car, pausing only to pull the brim of his baseball cap over his eyes. "Are you drunk, insane or both? What kind of epsilon-grade stands—" Lex broke off. "Lana?"

Lana stood staring at him with a blank expression. She had a black eye, a cut lip, no jacket, and was clutching a metal box approximately the size of a shoebox. "I got it away from him. There may be another one, though."

Lex blinked. "Got what away from whom?"

"Whitney," Lana whispered.

Lex stood stock-still for two seconds, absorbing the thought that one of the conspirators in an alleged plot to abduct Clark Kent had just turned herself in at a very inconvenient time and place. Then, sighing, he strode to Lana's side, stripping off his jacket, and put it around her shoulders. "Jesus. Do you need a doctor? Come up to the house." Lex realized what he was saying a little too late and grimaced.

Well, hell, he couldn't leave her standing in the road. Clark would give him seven kinds of Rockwellian hell.

"Have you talked to Chloe today?" Lana refused to budge, turning her head enough to meet his gaze.

Christ. Now what? More violations of the no-secrets rule? "No, I haven't seen—"

"I need your help. We're in trouble. Clark's in trouble."

"Really?" Lex hoped his sarcasm was below detectable levels.

"I tried to find Mr. Cohen, but he's always moving."

"He's a less tempting target that way."

"The other Lex is trying to find him, too."

Well, this was fun. "I don't know what you mean." Lex guided her firmly to the car and forced her to perch on the driver's seat, then yanked open the rear door and started rummaging through vehicular flotsam and jetsam for the first aid kit Jonathan had insisted on giving him. "Did Whitney do this to you?"

Lex felt more than saw Lana turn toward him. "No. No! Whitney would never—"

"We are talking about the same Whitney Fordman who hung Clark up in a field to die, aren't we?" Lex yanked at the metal box savagely, dragging it from under the front seat. Five minutes alone with the quarterback, zombie or not, that's all he wanted.

"Whitney didn't do this."

"Uh-huh." Lex knelt in front of her, pulling a small piece of gauze from the box. "Here." He held the gauze to her bleeding lip and guided her hand to it. "Hold that there. And give me that." He tried to pull the box out of her lap, but Lana clutched it with her free hand, eyes wide.

"Dr. Hamilton said this could kill Clark."

Lex studied that bruised face for any sign of duplicity, and came up with the same absurd dewy-eyed innocence that he'd seen in almost every face since his arrival in Smallville. It had to be the water. Lex sighed. "Are you sure you don't need a doctor?"

Lana shook her head. "No. I'm all right. Really."

"That's quite a shiner. You need some ice." God, he was starting to sound like Clark. Could dewy-eyed innocence be far behind? Lex shuddered inwardly.

Lana shot him an impatient look. "You do know there's a mad scientist who used to work for you who can walk through walls running around, right?"

"I have a passing acquaintance with that fact, yes." The black shame that Eli would force-feed him for this insanity simply boggled the mind. 

"He hates you, Lex."

"I have a passing acquaintance with that fact, too."

"Well, now he hates the other Lex, too."

"There's no other Lex," Lex said curtly, wondering what the hell security was anymore when Smallville High's head cheerleader knew what went on in LuthorCorp's Biotech Division.

"Lex, I swear I won't say anything. But I've seen him, more than once."

"What makes you think it wasn't me?"

"It wasn't you." Lana spoke quietly. "I knew it wasn't you from the first time I saw him."

Oh, fuck. Lex gave up. "You must an extraordinarily discerning individual." He couldn't keep the bitterness from his tone. "He has the rest of the world eating out of the palm of his hand."

"I have a little advantage over the rest of the world."

Lex looked up at the edge in Lana's tone, only to see a faint but familiar green glimmer in her eyes. "Ah. I see." He didn't see at all, but what was the appropriate phrase on such an occasion? Condolences on your recent mutation? God, he needed Clark. "You're coming to the Kents' with me and have that eye looked at. I mean…your injured eye."

Lana surprised him with a weak laugh. "I knew what you meant."

Lex blew out a breath. "And then you're going to tell me the story from the beginning."

Lana nodded.

"But first, we're going to see what's in here." Lex managed to pull the metal box away from Lana. It was surprisingly heavy. Lana was stronger than she looked.

Lana rose to her feet as he turned toward the woods. "Please don't open it. If you could have seen the look on his face when he gave it to Whitney—"

"I can imagine."

"Lex—" 

"It'll be all right. Pit vipers or incendiary devices aren't Hamilton's style. Just stay here for a minute." Lex carried the box several yards into the woods and set it down on the ground, kneeling beside it.

"If you don't think it's a bomb, why are you taking it so far away?" Lana was standing at the side of the road, her voice rising with anxiety and a touch of exasperation. "And if you do think it's a bomb, why are you opening it?"

"My death wish needs to be walked three times a day." Lex undid the latch and lifted the hinged lid carefully. Even the lid was heavy, and Lex realized that it was lined with lead.

Lead. If they were lucky, this would be just another meteorite, and he'd celebrate with some of Jonathan's cheap American beer, even if it was eight-thirty in the morning.

He lifted the heavy lid gingerly, trying to ignore the fact that even the smallest booby trap could blow his hands off, and stared at the gently gleaming contents.

"Lex?" Lana was coming closer. "What is it?"

"The Jub Jub Bird," Lex said calmly.

"What?"

Lex reached inside, picked up one of the cartridges and held it up to the light, scrutinizing the glowing green bullet at the tip of the jacket, then lifted out what looked like an antique revolver. It was heavy, unwieldy, and obviously modified for use with the ammunition.

Christ Almighty. Yet another possibility he hadn't considered. Clark.

"A gun? But I thought—"

Lex snapped out of it. He tossed the revolver and cartridge back into the box and slammed it shut. "Get in the car, Lana. We're going."

***

Sighing, Lionel laid his briefcase on the table and sat down across from Clark. "I suppose you spent the night with Lex?"

"Where I spend the night is none of your business." Clark reined in his temper with difficulty. No wonder Lex had learned how to maintain.

"I was just wondering how he was doing. He seems to have been under a great deal of stress lately."

Clark shot a lethal look at Lionel and said nothing.

Lionel leaned back in his chair, smiling. "Satisfy my curiosity, Clark. If you didn't drive back, how did you get here before I did?"

"I flew," Clark said.

Lionel barked a laugh. "And I suppose you told Lex to be fashionably late for some purpose?"

"He isn't late. You're early. I don't tell Lex what to do."

"Don't you?"

"No. Lex does what he thinks is right."

Lionel smiled. "I see." He leaned forward. "Tell me how you did it, Clark."

Clark regarded Lionel with narrowed eyes, seething. "Did what?"

"Attach yourself to my son. How did you win his trust?"

Clark imagined beating Lionel's head in. "I stopped lying to him."

Lionel laughed as if he truly found the concept amusing. Clark saw Eli shift slightly on the swing, keeping Lionel in a direct line of sight. The bastard might get himself shot if he kept this up. "Ah! Total honesty. Is that the way to my son's heart? Because I have a few—"

"I don't think you give a damn about your son's heart," Clark said in a low voice. "I don't think you know what a heart is."

Lionel leaned forward, speaking in an earnest tone. "You don't like me very much, do you, Clark?"

Clark felt his face flush bright red, and he opened his mouth to tell Lionel Luthor exactly how much he hated his guts. But he shut it again and leaned back. Maintain, damn it, maintain. "I object to you," he said coldly. "I object to intellect without discipline. I object to power without constructive purpose."

A wild cackle of laughter from the living room told Clark that Jonathan was as familiar with the words as he was, but both Eli and Lionel looked puzzled.

"I see," Lionel said softly. "I wasn't aware that you were such a devoté of discipline and constructive purpose."

"I'm trying to be."

"Is Lex a disciple of this creed?"

"You'd have to ask Lex."

"Clark, my son isn't who he appears to be. He's deceiving you."

"Uh-huh." Clark flicked his gaze back to his textbook dismissively. "Whatever."

"Tell me, does this total honesty go both ways? Has Lex told you everything about his past?

A familiar amber filter began to tint Clark's vision. Lionel Luthor would make really interesting barbecue. "He's told me a few things."

"Did he tell you about…our family tragedy?"

Clark struggled to keep his eyes on the page. Jesus, he was really going to bring it up. How the hell had Pamela known? Why would Lionel talk to him about this now? Just more divide and conquer? "Which one? Your family is one tragedy after another."

"I'm talking about my son Julian's death."

Son of a fucking bitch. Out of the corner of his eye, Clark saw Eli rise to lean against one of the porch posts as if he were merely stretching his legs.

"I have a message for you from Pamela Jenkins," Clark said, lifting his gaze to Lionel's face. 

Lionel drew back, clearly startled. "A message?"

"She wanted me to ask you if you were familiar with a genetic disorder called Williams' Syndrome."

Lionel went several shades paler. "I…I don't think—"

"She wanted me to remind you of how often you spoke of having genetically undamaged children to carry on the Luthor name."

"You're not—"

"She wanted me to remind you that she was a damn good doctor who knows a suffocation victim when she sees one."

"What are you saying?" Lionel hissed.

"She wanted me to remind you that you were nowhere to be seen during the estimated time of death, while everyone else in the family was accounted for."

"Pamela Jenkins is—"

"She also wishes me to remind you that an exhumation and autopsy may reveal facts that you would prefer not to come to light."

"My God, are you accusing me—"

"She wanted me to tell you that she has given a sworn deposition to everything she witnessed that night, and placed it in the hands of a trusted friend, who will know what to do with it if this subject is ever broached in Lex's presence again."

Lionel stood up, placed both hands on the table, and loomed over Clark with an expression that made the hair on the back of Clark's neck stand up. He was subliminally aware that Lex's car was pulling up in front of the house, and the sense of relief that the cavalry had arrived got his breathing started again, even if Eli was only a few feet away. Jesus Christ, how had Lex ever stood his ground against this? 

Lionel's dark gaze bored through Clark's eyes into the back of his skull. "Boy, if you think you can intimidate me with the ramblings of a morphine-addled bitch, then you don't know Lionel Luthor."

"Oh, I know Lionel Luthor," Clark returned, low and venomous. "'I took a piece of twelve-inch-square plastic wrap from the kitchen. I made certain that everyone was distracted. Then I entered his room. Julian was asleep—'"

With something between a roar and a howl, Lionel overturned the picnic table, sending his brief case sliding across the porch floor. Eli crossed the distance from the post to Clark in less than a second, his weapon drawn; Clark could see Lex sprinting across the yard toward him.

Lionel was screaming. Screaming, for God's sake. Like a crazy man. "That is enough! I have taken all the insults and threats any man can take, and this is over!"

Clark looked up at him with a calmness he absolutely did not feel. "Pamela wanted me to tell you to have a nice day."

"You have not played well with others today, Mr. Luthor," Eli said coldly. "You will be leaving now."

Jonathan and Martha appeared in the doorway as Lionel stormed down the steps. "Short meeting today, Luthor?" Jonathan called after him.

Lex planted himself between Lionel and the house, and Clark vaulted over the railing and ran to Lex's side. "Morning, Jiminy." Lex shot Clark a wry look that made Clark grin back at him, even with a crazy Lionel Luthor five feet in front of them.

Lionel whirled to point at Jonathan, ignoring Lex and Clark. "You preach to everyone and anyone who'll listen about fairness and giving people a chance. Earning respect. But if I were to bankrupt myself restoring the pristine beauty of Smallville and treat my son like a god for the rest of his life, it wouldn't be enough for you to give me a chance, would it? A man can change if he wants to, my son says. I know where he learned that, Kent. But it doesn't apply to Lionel Luthor, does it?" 

Jonathan gave Luthor a hard look over the tops of his glasses. "You're kidding, right?" 

"Alexander. Clark." Eli moved down the porch steps, his weapon trained on Lionel. "Step away from him."

Ignoring Eli, Lionel pointed at Martha wildly. "I told that woman the God's honest truth today, and paid her a simple compliment, and what did I get? A glass of Chardonnay in my face."

"Mr. Luthor," Martha said icily, "You are damn lucky that's all you got. And if you imagine that this is news to anyone here, then you have sadly underestimated this family."

Clark glanced over his shoulder to see his father swing his shotgun up to rest on his shoulder. It was all he could do not to punch Lionel in the face himself. Someday. Oh, God, yes, someday.

"Leave," Lex said flatly. He was starting to look dangerous, and Clark realized that Lex was having some punching thoughts himself. Hopefully those were the only thoughts he was having; Clark could clearly see the x-ray profile of the handgun in the pocket of Lex's jacket.

Eli came to a stop a few feet away, his aim never wavering. "You are not behaving in a manner conducive to your own safety, Mr. Luthor. You will get back in your car now."

Lionel turned to face Lex. "I have pushed my company's resources to the brink of insolvency in order to earn your respect. I have come here every day to work with you, to help you bring about these ill-advised acts of benevolence that you seem to think so necessary – and every day I have endured insults and threats and – and knives. And now this boy—"

"So how's your day been so far, Clark?"

"Great, thanks, Lex."

"—has the unmitigated gall to accuse me of murdering my infant son!" There were actually tears in Lionel's eyes; he paused, panting, his sharp eyes sweeping his audience for reactions.

A couple seconds of silence fell.

"Well. That must have been one hell of a message." Lex shot Clark a sidelong glance. 

"Yeah." Clark hesitated, then barreled on. "Julian had something called Williams' Syndrome."

Lex looked at him again, expressionless, but Clark could see the comprehension and misery in his eyes. "I see. A genetic disorder affecting cognitive abilities and fine motor skills, among other things." He turned back to his father. "Scarcely a suitable Luthor heir."

Lionel uttered something like a growl. "Lex. You can't believe this. It's ridiculous. Your brother died of SIDS. There isn't a scrap of evidence or a single witness to indicate otherwise."

"Except you," Lex said softly. "And you've already confessed."

Lionel tried to laugh, shooting a nervous glance at Clark. "I've what?"

"You just couldn't resist, could you? Even the risk of exposing your crimes to the world didn't stop you. Did you simply assume that your matrix would overpower his, and prevent him from revealing your secrets? That was a major miscalculation, Lionel."

Lionel stepped back at the sound of his given name, and Clark tensed in anticipation, but Lex moved too quickly for Clark to stop him, even if he'd wanted to. Lex's fist smashed into Lionel's face and he went down on his back in the grass, bleeding from his nose. Lionel looked up at them, dazed, blood dripping into his beard and onto his collar. Clark managed not to cheer.

"This alliance is dissolved." Lex's voice was glacial. "Don't ever come here again."

Lionel coughed and tried to sit up. "When you have children, you'll understand."

"Mr. Luthor," Clark said quietly, seeing murder in Lex's every muscle, and Eli's finger curl around the trigger. "Shut up and leave."

"He would have been useless. A defective, an outcast for his entire life."

"Not to me." Lex was barely audible.

"He would have suffered, Lex. Don't you understand? It was an act of compassion."

Lex reached down, seized Lionel by the coat lapels, propelled him to his feet and dragged him to his car. Clark and Eli followed them closely.

Lionel staggered along, talking every step of the way. "Lex. Think about what you're doing. The people of Smallville. The cleanup. The mortgages. The school."

Lex rammed Lionel up against the Mercedes. "You're useless. You're defective. You're an outcast. Come near me or mine again and I'll cut your fucking throat."

Whoa. Clark hastily put his arm around Lex's shoulders and pulled him away. "Lex. Enough. He's going."

"I'm not going anywhere," Lionel snarled.

Lex turned away from Lionel; Clark could feel his struggle for control. "Eli, if he's not in his car in five seconds, blow off his kneecaps."

"It is my pleasure." Eli altered his aim. "It is not what we have discussed, Mr. Luthor, but let us consider it an aperitif, yes?"

Cursing, Lionel opened his door and vaulted inside, slamming it behind him. "I made you a promise, Lex. I'm going to keep it."

"I've made you a promise," Lex shot back over his shoulder. "And I'm good with a knife." 

Lionel started the car and took off at top speed, nearly wiping out as he made the turn onto the lane. Lex turned and stalked away toward his car.

Clark caught up with him and took him in his arms. "Whoa. Whoa. Easy."

Lex came to a standstill in Clark's embrace, breathing hard. "Clark. I want to kill him. I want to kill him now."

"But you won't." Clark pulled him closer, half afraid he might chase after the bastard. "You're staying here with me."

Lex turned his head to watch Lionel's car disappear into the distance, then rested his head against Clark's. "Yes." He put his arms around Clark's waist. "With you."

Clark tightened his arms around Lex's shoulders and shot a quick look over Lex's shoulder toward the house. Jonathan and Martha were watching them with anxious expressions. "I, uh, think we scared Mom and Dad."

Lex let out a breath he seemed to have been holding. "Jiminy, for future reference: the next time I'm facing off with an enraged lunatic, try not to attract his attention by leaping into the line of fire. It's bad form."

"Uh-huh."

"And no more messages."

"Whatever you say, mastermind."

"Sasha?" Eli's voice was pitched at surveillance volume, and both Clark and Lex lifted their heads to look at him.

"What?" Lex demanded, tension flooding back into his voice.

"Stowaway, or passenger?" Eli flicked a glance in the direction of Lex's car. His weapon was still in his hand.

"Oh." Lex relaxed again. "Passenger." He turned toward the car. "It's all right, Lana. You can come out now."

To Clark's amazement, Lana Lang slowly appeared from behind the front seat of Lex's car. "Lana? What are you doing here?"

Lex tilted his head and gave him an odd smile. "She's here to save you, Jiminy."

***