This is a story of impure fiction, involving graphic description of sexuality.  If this type of content offends you or you are not at 18 (21 in some jursidictions), close this page NOW!  Any similarity to persons living, dead or dying is purely coincidental as this is a product of my twisted life experience and warped imagination.  Cheers!

(FMMm, teen)

The August Saturday had been particularly hot when Ruby decided the sweat in her eyes was enough.  I probably stink worse than a bucket of morning fish on the dock at noon, Ruby thought as she looked for dry spot on her dirty gardening shirt.  Despite being baggy and sleeveless (with plenty of room to see much of her braless breasts), the shirt was as sweat-soaked as her tight cotton shorts.  The clothes were a requirement of weeding the flower beds in the front of the house where neighbors could see her.  Of course there was there was the Duncans teenaged son who was probably looking out his second floor bedroom window jacking off.  She could do nothing about thatexcept periodically stand up and stretch facing their house.  In spite of plenty of water, Ruby just didnt have anything left to work in the backyard.  So much for stripping off and working on her tan!  Ruby loved to mess in the backyard completely naked, even entertaining her escort clients who wanted to have outdoor sex.

Had enough, babe? David inquired as Ruby came into the mud room from the garage.  Ruby jutted her chin out to blow a stray hair out of her face.  Yeah, Im going to take a nice, cold shower and lay down for a nap.  Im looking forward to celebrating your birthday tonight, David smiled.  Just smiling and shaking her head she knew it was going to be a fun evening.  As she walked by, David swatted her ass, eliciting a fake yelp of affliction.  

Sauntering off the master bedroom, Ruby again realized how lucky she was to have a husband four years her junior who was not just willing, but actively encouraged her to keep active as an escort.  They had met when she was an older woman of 23 hired as entertainment at a frat party and he was a 19 year old sophomore.  

Ruby had started escorting her senior of college almost by accident.  In her first semester, the business law professor had asked his students to do a paper on fringe businesses that operated on the fine edge of the law.  An alternative newspaper left on table in the library caught her eye.  Half-nude women & men advertising companionship by the hour enchanted her.  Ten weeks later Ruby was an expert on escorting, though she never had a date.  Having earned an A on her paper, she was taken aback when the professor asked Ruby to come up to his office after the final.  Timidly knocking on his door, she expected to find an abysmal review of her final exam performance.  To her delight, he reiterated his respect for the work she did on the Escort sub-industry of the sex work industry.  While her paper made it clear that she did not participate in any sex acts or transactions, it was obvious that she had observed transactions and sexual acts from the confines of no-tell motel closets.  He asked her if she would be willing to have a date.  Professor Elsbury was her first date.  For a $100 hour, she let him have his way with her, except for insisting he wear a condom for penetration.  The good professor had used all three condoms from the package in her purse and Ruby remembered how she could not sit down comfortably for a week from the invasion of her ass by his cock.

After peeling off her three pieces of wet clothes, she stood looking in the mirror critically.  Her body belied her 50th birthday.  Oh sure, there was a little bit of a tummy; however, you could tell the abs were in fine shape.  She had toyed with the idea of a tummy tuck; however, many of her clients enjoyed the womanly curves that fit nicely between her long legs and almost D-cup breasts.  She laughed thinking of Professor Elsburyhe must be almost 70 by now!  

Rubys fingers glided down to her mound and lower, separating the sweaty lips.  Of course she was wet; never had she known a time of vaginal dryness.  Her constant flow of woman nectar caused her to wear a panty liner most of the time.  That, in turn, caused her first stop on an outcall to be the bathroom where the cotton panty & liner was replaced by a thong.  Hence, she always asked the client to leave the donation (not her donation) in the bathroom in which she would freshen up.  The sensation of clitoral pleasure gave way to the need for a shower to remove the sweat, stink and dirt of garden work.

The brief shower and subsequent drying of her short red hair left Ruby quite ready for a nap.  Stepping out of the bathroom, David met her with a glass of Splenda sweetened iced tea.  Though youd like this, babe, if you get thirsty, he said innocently.  Kissing her passionately (How could he not kiss a naked red head passionately?), he squeezed her ass before saying, Enjoy your nap, babe.  Her smile went from ear to ear as she took a long sip of the iced tea.

With the ceiling fan on low, Ruby curled up and attempted to read about Katie Holmes busting a move in the Hamptons in People magazine.  It seemed like no time until Ruby dreamed she was floating in that place between awake and asleep.

Floating in a sitting position seemed weird, but so comfortable.  Ruby could see that she was naked, as she liked to be, and had the sensation that her arms were over her headshe tried to look for her hands, but they, too, were floating just out of the range of her sight.  

Was that Stacey suddenly in front of her?  Yes, it was!  Stacey!  Rubys voice sounded distant to in her ears.  Stacey, however, had heard her and replied, Hi Ruby, baby, you look so lovely!  Im just going to get you ready here, baby, because youre going to need it.  Ruby watched as her occasional doubles partner knelt between her legs with razor.  Ruby thought it was going to be awful to have her pussy and nether regions dry shaved, but she felt the cool of the lubricating conditioner and knew Stacey would be gentle.  Ruby tipped her head back to enjoy the ministrations as Stacey spread the conditioner from the top of pubic hair line all the way to her asshole.  

The sudden feel of a hot, damp cloth caused her look down.  Hows that baby?  Does that feel good?  It sure looks good!  Stacey leaned forward and Ruby felt the divine tongue sliding over her clit.  Oh my, Ruby sighed in delight as Staceys expert tongue found every inch of surface to taste before sliding into the now soaked love canal.  The gush of woman nectar from her pussy was a welcome feeling to Ruby.  She was aware of Stacey squealing in delight and thought she heard David, too, saying, Go baby, let it out.  

David in this dream, too?  How sweet, she thought as she slowly turned her head to the right and saw Davids smiling face.  I love watching Stacey eat your pussy almost as much you enjoy her doing it, babe, David said as he stroked her face with the back of his fingers.  Ruby smiled at him.

Okay David, her pussy is sooo ready to fuck I wish I had a dick! Stacey exclaimed as she stood up.  Thanks, Stacey, youre great, David replied with a smile.  David looked away and Ruby thought she heard him say, Whos first?

Ruby was vaguely aware of movement; perhaps it was more perception of movement.  In a moment she saw Tommy Duncans young face appear.  Ruby felt alarm when she realized that he was naked.  Feeling helpless, she looked down where she knew she shouldnt.  His cock was average in size and looked as stiff as the glass dildos Ruby used for self-pleasure or Stacey pleasure when doing lesbian shows.  As often happened after so many years of sexual pleasure, Rubys body responded with dilating capillaries heating her crotch, engorging her pussy lips and her woman nectar moistening her vaginal walls so much she felt the fluid leaking out.  The boys cock easily slid inside her as she continued to float.  Go ahead, Tommy, pump your cock into her pussy, Ruby heard Davids voice off in the distance.  The cock moved in and out, feeling good inside her sex hole, only a few times before Tommy quivered for a few seconds then violently bucked just inside her.  Ruby knew the young mans hot cum was shooting into her, closer to her pussy lips than cervix.  Still spontaneously, Ruby felt her cunt muscles contract to milk the males cock even as he began to pull out of her, still looking as hard as when he appeared.

The next face was not familiar.  Do you remember Dixon, babe? David asked her.  In some distant place that name was familiar, but she could not connect it to the round, Asian face before her.  Hey Ruby, Dixon greeted her with a smile.  He, too, was naked.  She now remembered Dixon was an Asian anomalya cock of huge girth and above average length hung between his legs.  His cock was so wide that when she sucked his cock, small tears developed at the corners of her mouth and she had to stop giving oral for several days while they healed.  Thanks for letting me have sloppy seconds, David, Dixon said as he positioned his bulbous cock head at Rubys vaginal opening.  While it commenced sliding in easily because of Rubys wetness and Tommys cum, it was only a moment before she felt that incredibly full feeling of being delightfully stretched wide open.  Ruby laid her head back and reveled in the hedonistic pleasure the mans cock brought her with every practiced stroke.  She knew not how long it was until Dixons cry of orgasm interrupted a wave of her own vaginal orgasm.  His seed was added inside her body even deeper than that of the preceding cock.

Staceys hand found Rubys swollen, sensitive clit and simply covered it for a minute.  Having fun, baby? You sure look like it, Stacey whispered as she leaned forward to take a Ruby nipple in her lips.  Rubys felt the involuntary contraction of her Kegels as Staceys suck began.  I dont want to end this dream, Ruby heard her voice saying.  On cue David turned and said, Oh babe, were just starting.  

Next was a black man with dreds.  What was his name?  Oh my fucking gawd, exclaimed Ruby as his very long, fairly long cock just kept going in, and in, and in her.  Rubys gasp surprised herself as his cock head hit her cervix.  She then remembered how she fixed his name in her memory: Cecil the cervix surgeon.  The first time he fucked her was a surprise as she had never had her cervix hit. Well, hit was a misnomerhe pounded the hell out of her baby hole.  It was the one time she thought about putting a limit on clients cock size.  That is until she felt his cum shoot onto her cervixa spewing sensation so deep within her it became an addiction that she periodically craved.  She knew getting fucked bareback with that cock would impregnate any younger woman.  Oh, fuck, he is inside me bareback, Ruby thought to herself.  Yet another orgasm racked Rubys body, rolling like waves from her clit, through her pussy and Cecils long cock, all the way to her toes and her scalp.  She saw Staceys fingers dancing on her clitthere were still a few inches between Cecils pubic bone and Rubys clit.  She wondered how to get the rest of his cock inside.  Try it now, Stacey said to Cecil.

The floating sensation now seemed to be like when youre in a plane and its climbing at takeoff.  Ruby was aware of a pressure on her buttocks as she felt herself tipping back.  Suddenly there was pressure on her cervixnot hard like a medical instrument, but rather firm flesh.  The pressure increased and caused her to writhe trying to escape it.  Like Niagra Falls, the pressure was not deterred and it almost became pain.  Aw, fuck, man, Cecil shouted when Ruby felt something stir inside herhis cum squirted directly into her womb as his cock head had actually stretched her cervix open.  No cock had ever been that far inside her and shot baby goo directly in her.  Ruby felt a delicious, nasty shame wash over her even as she saw Davids loving smile.  She knew that would hurt in the morning.

Another naked man, tall with blonde hair & blue eyes, in his 40s steps in front of Ruby, smiles and slides inside, pumping in and out.  Grateful for the pleasure, more orgasmic waves course through her body.  Next a bald man with huge biceps grabs the floating Ruby and pistons her constantly for five minutes like a rag doll on his stiff dick before gushing inside her now sloppy, loosening hole.  Another face, another cock slides inside, pumps back and forth causes Ruby to continue cumming with nearly no interruption.

Delirious from the continuous stimulation, Ruby can hardly lift her head to see the slim gentlemans torso in front her.  As with all of the others, something seems familiar yet different about this one.  Slowly, almost with a sore neck, Ruby lifts her gaze to the face.  Her first thought is, Old.  But still toned muscles and a hard cockgawd, can my pussy really take another?  Cum shot inside of her from what must have been 100 men flows like a river out of her now-loose pussy.  Ruby is aware of the fluid flowing down her perineum, to her asshole and dripping somewhere off the crack of her ass.  

Hi Ruby.  I am glad you took the lessons of Business Law 410 so seriously, greeted Professor Elsbury.  Oh my gawd, Ruby thought, He is so old!  As if hearing her thoughts, Professor Elsbury spoke, Thank you for this wonderful birthday present.  Im seventy today, Ruby.  And Im going to fuck you in the ass again.  With that, the firm, fit old man positioned his cock head in the flow of semen and Ruby nectar at her ass.  Absent any preliminary stretching, he moved his cock against the sphincter muscles that were, like her Kegels, tired of flexing and pushed.  Ruby felt the sudden hot rush in her ass that had been so far been left alone.  Thank you, Professor, for teaching me how to be a professional whore for my whole life.  Ive done nothing but lay on my back and fuck for money since your class.  Please cum in my ass, Professor Elsbury?  Professor Elsbury smiled as he started his rhythmic pumping.

Ruby awoke with a start.  She was on the bed, curled up on her side and saw the long shadows of early evening.  Damn, that was some hot fuckin dream, she thought to herself as she started to stretch.  The first thing she noticed were the backs of her kneesthey were red and irritated the way they got when she was in the sex swing too long.  Her wrists were sore, as though they had been bound.  Looking at the underside of her wrists, indeed she saw rope marks.  Sitting up, still unsure of what was dream and what was real, she felt the squishiness in her crotch.  Resolving to get the bottom of things, she bolted to the bathroom.  Immediately sitting on the stool, fluids gushed out of her pussy and ass.  Oh my gawd, where did this come from?  She tried to look in the toilet bowl as the flow finally abated.  With toilet paper covered fingers, she reached between spread legs to wipe.  The unmistakable scent of ripe cum hit her nostrils as she realized her clit was still hyper-sensitive.  

DAVID!! Ruby shouted.  Get your ass up here NOW!  What the fuck just happened to me?


