Part 9

Ezra smirked slightly as he counted the coins stacked in front of him, putting them into neat piles. He’d have to go by the bank on Monday and exchange them for greenbacks to lighten his pockets, but until then he would be jingling when he walked. It was one of his favorite sounds, though, so it would be no hardship to tolerate it until then.

A mug of beer thumped onto the table next to him and Ezra looked up, smirk widening into a pleased smile when he saw Vin tug out the chair next to him. Chris took the chair at Vin’s other side, across the table from Ezra.

“Well now, the prodigals do return,” Ezra said cheerfully. “You gentlemen look rather proud of yourselves. I gather you did well by the widow Calhoun?”

“You gather right,” Vin said with an easy smile, settling into the chair in his usual sprawl. “Brought back her horse an’ two others, plus their gear.”

Chris smiled slightly and nodded. “Danny’s tickled with his new mare, and Lorrie’s got around forty dollars to tide them over until they get the other horse and all the gear sold off.” Chris glanced at Vin as he mentioned the money, and Vin looked smug enough that Ezra had no doubt he had added to the money the outlaws had when they died. Vin was usually on the edge of broke because he spent his money on other people, but he seemed to like it that way. If he truly needed money he knew Ezra would gladly give it to him, as long as he asked privately. He did have appearances to maintain, after all, but for Vin he was always willing to part with a little cash. Vin always had a good reason, after all, and it wasn’t as if it were hard for Ezra to make money. If his pockets grew too light he could always go back to cheating at cards.

Ezra chuckled, looking from Vin to Chris and back again. “No trouble, I trust?”

“Not much,” Vin agreed, still smiling and looking smug as he reached for his beer to take a drink.

“They shot at us some,” Chris added, “but they couldn’t hit the broad side of a barn from the inside.” He snorted and shook his head. “It must’ve been pure bad luck, them killing Calhoun.”

“It happens on occasion,” Ezra agreed, bemused. “We already knew they were not the brightest of men. They did, after all, cause trouble in the one town in the territory where seven lawmen are in residence.”

Chris snickered and nodded, taking a drink of his own beer before he settled back in his chair, getting comfortable. “You’d think even the stupid outlaws would know to ride another way by now.” He glanced at Vin, smiling just a bit differently than he had at Ezra. “We been ridin’ herd on this place what, two and a half years now?”

“More like three,” Vin agreed, smiling back at Chris with a look in his eyes Ezra had never seen Vin direct at anything but a fine horse or a particularly nice meal after a long day. “Seems like yesterday sometimes, though.”

Ezra’s eyebrows rose before he could hide his surprise at the answering warmth and desire that was suddenly plain in Chris’ eyes. That was new. He glanced covertly around the saloon, which was doing steady business even though there was more than an hour yet until sundown, then back at Chris and Vin. Chris was sipping his beer and watching Ezra again, and Vin had looked off towards the door to watch three men who were walking in, already loud enough it was obvious they’d started their drinking on the trail.

“A most eventful three years,” Ezra said finally, keeping his expression amused and relaxed even though he had no doubt of what he’d seen, or that Chris and Vin had both noticed him react. Chris looked understandably wary given the look Ezra had so obviously noticed passing between Chris and Vin, but Vin was still smiling and relaxed. That seemingly insignificant sign of Vin’s confidence in him lifted Ezra’s spirits, though he would never have admitted it to anyone. Vin’s opinion of him was important to Ezra, as much because he knew Vin didn’t trust easy as because of his own affection for Vin. “Perhaps soon I will finally convince my dear mother to sell her share of my saloon.”

“Again,” Vin added, grinning at Ezra. “She’s conned you out of it what, twice now?”

“Three times,” Ezra corrected dryly, summoning up the appropriate scowl even though he was finally beginning to see the humor in the repeated situation. “Most recently by buying out Inez’ share in this fine establishment. I still own controlling interest, thank heavens, but Mother is determined to annoy.”

Chris chuckled softly and Ezra almost smiled at the proof Chris was already relaxing again. He knew it was difficult for Chris to trust him sometimes, and felt that the wariness was no less than he deserved. He had known from the day they met that Chris was most definitely the sort of man that didn’t give many second chances, and Ezra knew he had seriously strained Chris’ limited ability to forgive with his early reluctance to do something so simple as keep his word. Every sign that Chris was finally starting to trust him reinforced Ezra’s determination never to let the man down again.

“That still doesn’t make sense to me,” Chris said, amused. “Why did Inez sell? She seems to like it here well enough.”

“There was a clause in the contract my dear Mother gave her,” Ezra replied sourly, “stating that Inez will retain her share of the profits and her rooms as long as she works here. As such Inez reaps all the profits of a business partner, and no longer shoulders any of the risks that come with owning a saloon so popular with the rougher element. Mother, of course, worded the contract in such a way that she is no longer liable for those bills either.”

“Don’t hardly sound legal,” Vin said, grinning.

“That would be because it’s not,” Ezra agreed. “It would never hold up in court, but I hesitate to give Mother the opportunity to charm a judge out of my share of the saloon as well. She is quite adept at the poor widow act that would be necessary to sway opinion in her favor, and as it stands I do at least retain a controlling interest.”

Vin and Chris both snickered and then Vin teased, “So you’re payin’ all the bills and Inez is still takin’ a third your profits off the top.”

“Mmm,” Ezra agreed, scowling. There was simply no possibility he would refuse to honor the deal his mother made with Inez. If he did, Inez would have nothing. As long as Ezra honored the admittedly bogus contract, Inez would at least be able to support herself in the style to which she had become accustomed. If Ezra’s previously profitable two-thirds share in the saloon was now barely breaking even, well, he could make enough at the gambling tables to support himself quite well. “When next I see Mother, I plan to wring her admittedly graceful neck myself.”

A familiar work-roughened hand patted Ezra on the shoulder and then Josiah dropped into the other chair at the table, holding an empty glass in one hand near his belly. He nodded a hello to Chris and Vin before he looked at Ezra, blue eyes twinkling. “You don’t really want to be doing that, Ezra. You must honor thy father and thy mother.”

Ezra snorted and went back to counting coins, stacking them neatly. “My mother has no honor, Josiah. I bear little affection for her, I can assure you. And as to the identity of my father, your guess is likely to be as well informed as any of my own. Mother’s answer when I asked as a child was seldom the same twice running.”

Ezra knew he wasn’t quite being fair on the issue of his parentage, but he refused to let it show. His mother could at least narrow it down to three most likely suspects, which was truly more than Ezra would expect considering how free she was with her affections when she deemed it necessary. She would do anything that she had to do to support herself in the fashion to which she was accustomed, and sometimes that had involved doing things no respectable woman would admit to.

He also wasn’t completely honest about his feelings for the deplorable old reprobate who was his mother, but he had learned to lie on that subject as a boy and felt he was too old to change now. Ezra couldn’t help but feel a grudging admiration for his mother, but he kept it buried deep down and blamed that abiding affection for her on stupidity he must have gained from his father. He was rather sure his mother didn’t have a similar problem, no matter how much she liked to protest that she only made his life difficult because she adored him.

His mother truly was the most trying woman he had ever met, and that was saying something. To buy Inez’ one-third share in his saloon and give away the profits that share earned made it very obvious to him that she was just attempting to make his life difficult. The case of superbly aged Kentucky bourbon his mother had sent him ‘for his birthday’ might have mollified him a bit, had it not contained a card that gave the wrong month and year for his birth. It most definitely did not make up for anything – not with the written proof she had forgotten his birthdate completely – but it had made her meddling easier to tolerate. One could laugh at almost anything after a few shots of that fine bourbon.

Josiah chuckled softly. “She is still your mother.”

“Unfortunately,” Ezra agreed. He put the last silver dollar on a pile of similar coins and glanced back up at Josiah, and then he finally noticed Josiah’s glass was empty. “Where are my manners?” he asked, reaching for the whiskey bottle in the middle of the table. “Would you care for a drink?”

Josiah offered his glass with a smile. “Never let it be said I refused to drink with a friend.”

Ezra filled Josiah’s glass and then his own, smirking. “I shall endeavor to remember not to do so.” He offered the whiskey towards Chris.

“No thanks,” Chris refused with a shake of his head and a smile. “Beer’s fine for me.”

Ezra’s eyebrows rose and he looked at Vin, who just looked amused and shook his head. Ezra let out a little surprised laugh and put down the whiskey bottle where Josiah could reach it. “I can’t say that I expected that answer from either of you, especially you, Mr. Larabee, but far be it from me to force whiskey on two of my favorite customers.”

Chris grinned at Ezra. “It’s not your whiskey, Ezra. Someone threatened to shoot me next time I get drunk. I kind of like my hide without any extra holes in it.”

Josiah laughed. “Buck?”

Chris snickered and shook his head. “Nope, him.” He nodded towards Vin, giving him a smile that was both amused and tolerant, and then took a slow drink of his beer.

Vin smirked at Josiah and Ezra. “He took a shot at me last time, an’ fair’s fair. Next time it’s my turn.”

Chris choked on his beer, laughing and red-faced as he shot a glance at Vin that clearly gave away to Ezra that Chris couldn’t quite believe Vin had said that.

Josiah laughed and pounded Chris’ back as he said dryly, “Shooting at your friends is a very good sign you should practice abstinence, my friend.”

Ezra just smirked and stared at Vin, wishing he had a decent excuse to speak to Vin alone for a moment.

Of course, they might all be better off if he didn’t. If Vin tried telling him it was his imagination that Vin had put a double meaning into that last statement, he might have to do something drastic like call him a liar. Doing such a thing just could not end well.

~*~*~*~

Vin sopped up the steak juice on his plate with the last of his biscuit, popping it into his mouth as he watched Ezra attempt again to talk Josiah into a game of poker. Ezra had been trying through most of the meal, and he’d had about as much luck as Vin expected him to, which was to say none. Josiah had played cards with Ezra too many times to fall for Ezra’s smooth talk when Ezra had that wild gleam in his clear green eyes. The luck was with Ezra tonight and he’d go up to his room a richer man, there was no doubt about that. Vin was pretty sure Ezra wouldn’t even bother to cheat. He’d never met a man so blessed as Ezra was when Lady Luck was riding him, and just then Vin figured she was putting the spurs to Ezra in the worst way.

“Come now, surely you can’t be saying you wouldn’t enjoy a relaxing game of poker?” Ezra prodded with a slight smirk.

Josiah snorted, smiling. “Not with you, Ezra. No offense, but I’d like to be able to afford to eat tomorrow.”

Chris snickered, finishing his steak as he watched Ezra and Josiah talking. He’d gotten quiet as the evening wore on, but it didn’t worry Vin. Chris was too obviously happy and relaxed for it to be a bad sign, even if Vin hadn’t caught Chris giving him a look a few times that was plenty to tell him what was on Chris’ mind. Vin was sure Ezra had spotted it just as easy as he did, too. He’d caught Ezra watching Chris with a little smirk, but Ezra hadn’t commented even though he had done more than his share to keep the conversation going when Chris got too distracted to pay attention.

Ezra put a hand to his heart and gasped theatrically. “How you wound me! To think that even my own dear friends hold so low an opinion of me—“

Josiah laughed and interrupted, “Just the opposite, my friend. I have a very high opinion of you, especially your ability at gambling. I’d just rather you didn’t prove that by clearing out my pockets. Maybe another time.”

Ezra laughed softly and seemed to relax. “It was worth an attempt. You are quite amusing company at the poker table, Josiah.”

Josiah grinned and leaned a bit closer to Ezra, teasing, “And other times too, Ezra.”

Josiah winked at Ezra then, and Vin had to stifle a laugh at the surprised look in Ezra’s eyes, even though Ezra’s smile didn’t change a bit.

Josiah stood, nodding to Chris and Vin with a smile, his blue eyes twinkling. “And on that note, I’m headed for my bunk. Mornin’ comes early tomorrow.”

“Night, preacher,” Vin said, smiling as he reached for his beer to take a drink. It was his third of the night, but he’d barely started it and doubted he would finish. It was getting dark out and he was looking forward to getting back to Chris’ place before too much longer. Yosemite had agreed to send the stable boy out to deliver feed when Vin spoke to him that morning, and they had stopped at the general store to buy a few staples before they put their horses in the livery, so there wasn’t anything left they had to do before they could ride out.

Chris smiled at Josiah and nodded to him. “See you after church.”

Ezra looked bemused as he poured himself another shot of whiskey. “Do sleep well, Josiah.”

Josiah grinned and reached out to rest his hand on Ezra’s shoulder for a moment. “Like a babe safe in his mother’s arms, Ezra. Good night, friends.” He gave Ezra’s shoulder a squeeze and then nodded to Chris and Vin and started for the door.

Vin watched Ezra knock back the shot and then teased softly, “Haven’t you had about enough of that for one night, Ez? I lost count after six.”

“Nine,” Ezra said with a smile. “But I am quite lucid as yet, I assure you.”

Vin chuckled. “I’ve seen you down more than a bottle an’ still able to talk rings ‘round me, but that don’t mean you can still walk.”

Ezra’s smile twitched into a sudden grin. “One of the perks of owning such an establishment is that I never have to leave.”

Chris smirked. “Sleepin’ here in the saloon, Ezra? I’d have thought you’d crawl to bed before you did that.”

Vin snickered as Ezra protested, “A Standish does not crawl, Mr. Larabee!” He sniffed and looked affronted, but Vin could tell Ezra was just putting on an act. His green eyes were still sparkling with amusement and good humor.

“Like the place too much to leave it, huh?” Chris teased, reaching for his beer as he settled back in his chair.

Ezra’s lips twitched. “Well, perhaps not, but the company is rather good at the moment.”

Vin grinned. “Your company’s fixin’ to ride out, though.”

Ezra smirked and got a bit of a wicked glint in his eyes. “One day you simply must show me that loft you prize so highly, Mr. Tanner. I simply cannot imagine a good reason to choose to sleep on a pile of hay.”

Vin snickered, sure that Ezra was digging for a lot more than why Chris’ loft was one of his favorite places to sleep, but he wasn’t about to come clean that easy, not in a crowded saloon. “It ain’t about the hay, it’s the view. Watchin’ horses graze an’ seein’ the stars is a lot more to my taste than lookin’ out at a bunch of buildings. Chris has a mighty fine little ranch.”

“He must, as much time as you spend there,” Ezra teased softly, amused. “I would greatly enjoy discussing this in further depth with you, but I shall wait for a quieter location.”

Vin grinned and stood, digging in his pocket for a couple of coins to drop them by his plate for the waitress. Ezra didn’t charge them for their meals, or their drinks either for that matter, but they all made a point to tip the girls who worked for him. The largest part of their income came from tips, after all, and all of them had children to support except Inez. “I got a horse to saddle in the livery if you want to talk, Ez. Plenty quiet there.”

Ezra’s eyes widened slightly and he looked at Vin for a moment, then suddenly shifted his gaze over to Chris. He raised one eyebrow in silent question, and Vin nearly laughed at how obviously Ezra was asking for Chris’ permission.

Chris smirked slightly as he stood. “Don’t look at me. I’m not your keeper.”

Ezra blinked and then stood as well, smiling and rock steady despite all the whiskey he’d had. “Well then, I believe I shall accept that invitation, Mr. Tanner. Fresh air is just the thing to clear my head before I find a lively game of chance for the evening.”

“Well, come on, then.” Vin turned to head for the door with Chris moving to follow him. He glanced at the mirror and hid a grin when he saw Ezra’s expression as he followed them out.

Ezra might have been offered the rest of the deed to his saloon, he looked so pleased.

~*~*~*~

Chris nodded to Yosemite, who was leaving just as they arrived, and then followed Vin into the livery and headed for Pony’s stall. Pony’s saddle and bridle were draped over the top rail of the rear stall as they usually were, and Chris opened the gate to go in with his gelding, leaving the stall open as he glanced over at Vin.

Vin had just opened Peso’s stall across the aisle and looked happy and relaxed as he went in, patting Peso’s hip as he closed the stall door behind him. He spoke softly to Peso and the rangy black gelding turned to face Vin, ears up as he waited for Vin to reach for his head. Peso wasn’t at all affectionate and didn’t nuzzle his rider when Vin touched him, but he did stand calmly for it, which was more than he would do for anyone else unless he was already tied or Chris had a bribe for him.

Vin smiled as he stroked Peso’s face and murmured something that made Peso’s ears flick back and forth, then Vin moved to get Peso’s saddle. Vin seldom bridled Peso before he saddled him, and Chris had learned why after a failed attempt of his own that got him kicked. Vin had laughed when he found out about it, and told Chris that Peso would stand to be cinched up only if he was free to choose if he would accept the saddle. Any hint of restraint smacked too much of trying to force him to suit Peso, and he’d fight just because he could.

Ezra closed the main door and walked down the aisle to lean against the front of Peso’s stall, smirking slightly as he watched Vin begin to saddle up. Chris eavesdropped shamelessly as he bridled Pony, figuring it was his business since he expected they would be talking about him. Ezra had made it pretty plain he noticed something was different and that he wanted to know the particulars, and Vin seemed inclined to indulge him. Chris knew Vin was much closer to Ezra than he was to their other friends, so he was going to follow Vin’s lead on this one. He trusted Ezra and was pretty sure he wouldn’t cause them trouble if he could avoid it, despite Ezra’s unpredictability in some other areas. Chris figured in this particular instance Ezra was a lot less likely to be a problem than Buck was. Sometimes Buck’s big mouth outran his brain, but Ezra seldom said a word he hadn’t thought over carefully.

“Now then,” Ezra said quietly enough Chris could barely hear him, “we are quite alone, Vin. Do share what is so very attractive about that barn.”

Chris hid a grin at Ezra’s tone of voice. Ezra’s insatiable curiosity was something Vin often used against him, and Chris knew this time was no exception. Ezra sounded amused and just a bit frustrated, and Chris was sure that not knowing what Vin had been up to was killing him.

Vin glanced at Ezra, grinning as he settled his center-fire buckaroo saddle on Peso’s back. “Why do you ask, Ezra? Thinking of takin’ up sleepin’ there?”

Chris adjusted the bit in Pony’s mouth and settled the crown strap behind the gelding’s ears, watching them out of the corner of his eye as Ezra snorted and said dryly, “I assure you, such a thought had not crossed my mind.”

Vin bent to reach under Peso’s belly for the cinch and then stood up again to start feeding the tie strap through, giving Ezra a slight smirk. “Well then, what are you diggin’ for?”

“Answers,” Ezra said firmly, amused. He glanced at Chris, catching Chris’ eye for a moment, and then looked back at Vin and murmured quiet enough Chris had to strain to make it out, “Most especially answers as to what happened this week to change the ... relationship between yourself and Chris.”

Vin looked at Ezra, still smirking slightly and not really making an effort to keep Chris from hearing, even though Chris was sure no one much farther away could hear him. “You really think it’s any of your business, Ez?”

Ezra smirked. “I simply would prefer to be clear on certain things for future reference, Vin. Many do bring their rumors to me, as you know, and I always prefer to be able to pick the ones with the truth from the lies.”

Vin looked at Ezra a moment longer and then his smirk widened into a grin. “Talk to Chris, then. It’s as much his to tell as mine.” He turned his back on Ezra to finish tightening Peso’s cinch, effectively ending the conversation.

Chris snickered and moved to get Pony’s saddle, but he didn’t even pretend not to notice when Ezra spun to look at him.

Ezra stared at Chris a moment and then muttered, “Very well.” He stalked across the barn and walked right up into the stall with Chris and Pony, staying several feet away while Chris swung the saddle up on Pony’s back and then moving a step closer. “I am fairly sure what I saw, but I would rather be certain, as I am sure you can understand.”

Chris smirked slightly at Ezra, making a bit more effort to be quiet than Vin had as he said softly, “You’re a smart man, Ezra. Curious as a cat, but smart.” He ducked to reach under Pony for the cinch and then slid the tie strap through the cinch ring before he glanced at Ezra again. “Smart enough, I reckon, to notice things folks might not want to share in public and get the why of it.”

Ezra made a show of looking around the barn, which had horses in all eight stalls, and Chris glanced around as well. On the side of the barn where Peso was always stalled, Chaucer was leaning out of the stall next to Peso, watching his rider interestedly. Dancer was on Chaucer’s other side, and the Calhoun gelding was in the stall between Dancer and the doors. To the right of the main doors, Pony was in the rear stall, Misty was in the stall next to Pony, and two of Yosemite’s rental horses were in the final two stalls, a matched team of bay mares that Chris often rented. Josiah and Nathan kept their horses elsewhere because Foxy caused too much trouble in the livery fighting with whatever horse she was stalled by, and Seeker didn’t hold weight when he was kept cooped up in a stall.

Ezra turned back towards Chris, feigning surprise. “Yes, of course, Mr. Larabee, how could I forget? Horses are such terrible gossips.”

Vin laughed and Chris glanced over to see Vin was already settling Peso’s new one-ear bridle around the gelding’s right ear. The old bridle had been a casualty several months ago when JD tied Peso one day and Peso sat back on the reins, snapping the leather right at the cheek buckle. Vin had ridden the gelding with no bridle at all for three days until he had a chance to sit down with one of the hides he kept for saddle repair and make a bridle especially to fit Peso. It was twice as thick as a normal bridle, all one piece of leather with ties by the bit and no throatlatch at all. If Peso sat back again, one of the thongs was sure to snap instead of breaking the bridle itself, and Vin could always easily replace a thong.

Vin grinned at Chris and teased, “You know he won’t stop diggin’ until he gets the answer he’s huntin’, Chris. Might as well get it over with now as later.”

Chris snorted, amused, and then looked back at Ezra. He met Ezra’s gaze a moment and then stepped away from Pony to get right up close and personal with Ezra, his smirk going just a bit wicked at the way Ezra’s eyes widened. He leaned even closer and murmured near Ezra’s ear, “Vin doesn’t sleep in the barn anymore, Ezra. He’s sleepin’ in my bed, right where he should have been all along, but I’ll thank you to keep that to yourself.”

Ezra was so wide-eyed that Chris turned away and gave him a moment, tugging Pony’s cinch tight and tying it off as he tried not to laugh. He was completely certain it wasn’t the news that Vin was sleeping in his bed that had so shocked Ezra. He’d never even considered using a little flirting to shut Ezra up, but damned if it hadn’t worked like a charm. He’d have to remember that. He had never really looked at Ezra that way, but evidently that didn’t go both ways.

“Damn,” Ezra murmured after a couple of minutes. Chris looked over his shoulder to see Ezra with a smirk on his face that seemed equal parts surprised and pleased, but it quickly turned wicked when Chris met his gaze. “I never would have thought you had it in you, Chris.”

“That’s ‘cause he hasn’t,” Vin said quietly, grinning as he stopped at the door of Pony’s stall with Peso. “But I reckon I can get him to try anything once if I get him drunk enough. Might have to talk you outta two bottles of that good Kentucky bourbon first, though.”

Ezra laughed, surprised again but still looking wicked as he nodded to Vin. “It’s yours.”

Chris snorted and started out of the stall with Pony, waiting until he got close to Vin to mutter with a smile, “Dream on, Tanner.”

Vin grinned at Chris and murmured, “I can be real persuasive when I need to be.” He headed out of the livery with Peso as he added cheerfully in a more normal tone of voice, “Night, Ezra. Don’t do anything I wouldn’t do.”

“That doesn’t seem to leave out much,” Ezra said quietly to Chris, smirking.

“It surely doesn’t,” Chris agreed with a sudden wicked grin that vanished almost as fast as it had appeared. He followed Vin and Peso with his own horse as he added cheerfully, “See you tomorrow, Ez.”

“Before noon, if you want breakfast at the saloon,” Ezra said, amused as he followed them out to the street. “Colette has plans to attend the potluck after church and will be too busy afterwards to cook.”

Vin swung up into Peso’s saddle and grinned down at Ezra. “Hell, we’ll likely be up before dawn. Ride into town doesn’t take long when we don’t have a lame horse slowing us down.”

Chris snickered and mounted Pony. “Speak for yourself, Vin.” He looked at Ezra, grinning. “Don’t bother looking for us before ten. After a week of ridin’ all day and sleepin’ on rocks, I wanna sleep in on my day off.” He winked and heeled Pony into a fast canter, glad there were very few people still out in the street that time of the evening.

Vin laughed as he gave Peso his head and the black mustang galloped to catch up, slowing to canter at Pony’s side without Vin even needing to pull on the reins.

When Chris glanced back at the far end of the street, Ezra was on the boardwalk in front of the saloon, watching them go as he lit one of his rare cigars. Ezra would only smoke the best and seldom had access to cigars that were high quality enough to suit him, but there had been a box of his favorites in the whiskey order he’d just gotten. Chris had two tucked into his shirt pocket that Ezra had passed over when Chris had asked Ezra to order a box for him next time.

Chris looked over at Vin as they turned off the main street onto the trail that headed generally towards his place, amused. “He was entirely too cheerful tonight.”

Vin grinned at Chris. “I’d imagine there’s several folks thinkin’ the same thing about you. I never saw you so cheerful as you’ve been today.”

Chris smirked. “I have good reason. That still doesn’t explain Ezra.”

“I guess you never noticed that Ezra always winds up sleepin’ alone, even though there’s usually a lady that’d be more than willin’ to keep him company,” Vin said, amused.

“Well yeah, but so do you.” Chris grinned. “Or you did.”

Vin returned the grin. “Now you’re on the right trail, cowboy.”

Chris thought about that just a moment before his eyebrows rose and he laughed slightly. “You mean he…?”

“Ez an’ me are a lot alike,” Vin said dryly, “despite not havin’ much at all in common. I figure that’s why we get on so well as we do. Not many folks that a man who’s got a hankerin’ for other men can trust with knowin’ that kind of thing, but he picked up on my taste in bed partners a long time ago. I reckon he stopped tryin’ so hard to hide his ‘cause he knew I wouldn’t be spreadin’ it around. Ez can trust me an’ he knows it just as well as I know he’ll do his damnedest to keep us out of the rumor mill.”

Chris looked at the trail as he thought about it and then nodded, bemused. “I can see how that’d be.” He hadn’t ever thought about how life might be for a man who preferred other men, but it only took a moment to realize that people a man could trust with knowing that about him would be in short supply. The fact that Vin hadn’t hesitated to tell him Ezra’s secret said a lot about how completely Vin trusted him, but he knew Ezra would have expected it. If anyone knew how little Vin kept from Chris, it would be Ezra. He looked back at Vin, smiling and curious. “So he’s just happy for you?”

“That’s part of it, but I’m thinkin’ he’s also pretty glad you don’t mind he’s got particular tastes in men, just like everythin’ else. He’s always been powerful concerned with what you think of him. You mean a hell of a lot more to him than he'd ever admit to you.” Vin threw his hands forward before Chris could even process that, and Peso bolted up the road, nose and tail in the air.

Chris laughed, surprised as much by Vin’s words as his actions, and urged Pony after them. He was definitely going to have to have another talk with Vin about Ezra and his preferences, but it could wait.

He already had plans for the rest of the night.