Exposed
by springs ©

The sun shone through the curtains as slave sue woke. she opened her eyes 
to find Master watching her. He was sitting on the bed in His robe and He 
bent forward to kiss her. 'Good morning, my pet,' He said. 'I have a 
surprise for you this morning'. slave sue smiled sleepily. Master's 
surprises might be fun, or embarrassing, or erotic, but she loved them 
all.

The door bell rang, and Master was clearly expecting someone. 'Wait here,' 
He said. slave sue lay back in bed and tried to listen as He answered the 
door, but Master was speaking too softly. she could hear a man talking to 
Him. The door was closed and Master returned to the bedroom. He picked up 
a blindfold from the bedside table and told slave to put it on. When her 
eyes were covered, He pulled back the covers and told her to step out of 
bed. she stood beside the bed as He tidied it, then He helped her back 
onto it, so she lay naked across it, on top of the covers. 'Put your feet 
on either side of the window pet,' He said. slave did as she was told, 
with a little help. Then she heard Master open the curtains and realised 
that she was exposed to anyone who might be outside. 

'Finger!', He ordered, and slave reached down to touch her pussy lips, 
finding herself wet already. Then she heard a noise. It was the window 
cleaner! she blushed with embarrassment, imagining what he could see as he 
washed the glass. she was glad Master had blindfolded her so that she 
could not see the man's face. she felt Master's breath on her cheek and He 
whispered in her ear, 'Give him a good show pet, he is cleaning our 
windows for nothing!' Then she felt Master's fingers holding her labia 
apart and her fingers felt for her engorged clit. she was so wet and horny 
by now and she was very close to cumming. Master heard her short breaths 
and little moans and He smiled. 'The window cleaner is almost done here 
pet, make sure you cum before he finishes.' slave sue needed no further 
encouragement and her fingers rubbed furmly as she pushed herself over the 
edge. 'Thank You Master,' she sighed, and she felt His lips kiss her 
little button. 'Good girl,' He told her, and she heard the curtains being 
closed again. 

Master was also feeling horny, so He knelt over His slave and used her 
soft mouth for His pleasure, finally spilling His cum over her breasts 
before He allowed her to remove the blindfold. Master ordered slave to rub 
His cum into her breasts, then they lay together for a while and kissed, 
and Master explained His plans for the day.

'This was just the start of your exposure training today, My pet,' He 
said. 'It's a lovely day and I want to display you. There is a competition 
for living statues at the park, and I have entered you as Venus.' He 
smiled as slave realised what kind of statue she might have to be, and 
blushed again. 'After you have showered and we have eaten, I am going to 
cover your body and hair with white make-up. I will enjoy doing that, I'm 
sure,' He smiled again.

After breakfast, slave was told to stand completely still as Master 
covered her in the thick white greasepaint. He paid particular attention 
to her nipples, squeezing them tight to make them stand out, and He used 
long slow strokes to coat her outer labia. slave was desperately horny for 
Him, but knew He had no intention of filling her cunt with His manhood til 
much later. When He was finished, He led her to the mirror so that she 
could see herself. 'Find a good pose that you can hold for at least 15 
minutes', He told her. slave posed as a statue until she found a position 
they both liked, then Master draped a sheet over her arms and around her 
body, making sure that nothing important was covered. 'We will drive to 
the park,' He said. I have put a sheet on the car seat, but you can't be 
covered as the make-up might rub off.' So slave sue sat naked in the car 
and they drove to the park. she was then led, naked apart from the sheet, 
to the central area where the competition was to be held, trying to avoid 
the stares of the people they passed on the way. Master seemed very happy 
to be displaying her and she was glad she was pleasing Him.

They signed in to the competition and slave sue was made to stand on a 
small podium. Master told her to take up her position and He draped the 
sheet lightly over her arms, making sure her breasts, cunt and bottom were 
all exposed. slave was very aware of her nakedness, but the make-up made 
her feel a little less vulnerable. Master stood back and admired her, and 
she knew He was proud to show her off. He told her to stand very still as 
the judges were approaching. The competitors were all standing in a circle 
and she couldn't see the others as she was facing outwards. The judges 
arrived and they stood and discussed her for what seemed like ages. One of 
the men came closer and examined her in detail, making her very 
embarrassed but also turning her on. Then they moved on to the next 
competitor. Master sat back on a nearby park bench and watched as others 
passed by and admired His slavegirl. 

Several men walked up to her and looked very closely at her cunt, admiring 
its shaven beauty, until slave could feel her juices running down inside 
her vagina. she looked down and saw that the make-up was starting to run 
and she looked to Master. He came over and decided they would leave. 'I'm 
not really interested in the competition results pet', He explained. 'It 
was just a nice opportunity to have you exposed in public.' He helped her 
down from the podium and they walked slowly back to the car.

Back home, Master allowed slave to shower and He helped her wash the 
make-up from her hair. Then He led her to the bedroom and made slow, 
passionate love to her until they both came. They fell asleep in each 
others' arms.

Later, Master woke His slave and told her they had been invited to a party 
that evening. He had already decided what she would wear and had laid it 
out on the bed: black hold-up stockings and a sheer black dress. Nothing 
else, apart from her heels and jewellery, was to be allowed. slave washed 
and got ready, applying her make-up and nail varnish to Master's 
specifications, and dressing in the clothes He had chosen. Eventually she 
presented herself to Him for inspection, feeling very sexy. Master had her 
stand with her legs wide and her hands behind her head. Then He ran His 
hands up her legs and over her mons to ensure she was smooth. He inserted 
His finger into her cunt and was pleased to find she was still wet, a fine 
mixture of His juices and hers. He gave her His finger to suck, then 
kissed her lightly on the lips so as not to smear her lipstick. 'You look 
lovely pet', He said, and slave smiled with happiness.

slave sure was very conscious of the thin material of her dress and her 
naked body showing through it, especially in the cool night air as they 
went out to the car. Master instructed her to pull up her hem and spread 
her legs for His pleasure as they drove to the party.

They arrived at a large Gothic-style hotel and Master told slave to stand 
still as He fastened on her collar. He led her up the entrance steps and 
into a large room full of Masters and their slaves, nodding to some that 
He knew. she recognised one of them as the judge in the park who had taken 
such an interest in her silky pussy. They were given drinks and slave 
stood quietly with Master, her eyes lowered, as He chatted to friends. 
Although she didn't look directly at the men in the room, she was aware 
that some of them were taking an interest in her body, and she smiled a 
little to herself, knowing that this would please Master.

After a while, having had two or three glasses of wine on an empty 
stomach, slave began to feel drowsy. she whispered to Master that she 
needed to sit down, but He smiled. 'The wine was drugged. I have more 
plans for your training, My pet', He said. 'Come with me.'

slave followed Him to a large, deeply-carpeted staircase and they went up 
and along a corridor. Master opened a door and they entered a large room 
with a high ceiling and large windows draped with red velvet. The bed had 
only a single sheet covering it. 'Strip,' said Master, and slave removed 
her dress quickly. 'Stockings too,' He said, and she rolled them down and 
removed them. 'Now lie on your back under the sheet and spread your legs'. 
slave got into the bed and covered herself with the sheet. 'You may sleep 
if you wish pet, but stay in that position', Master told her, 'I will be 
back shortly'.

The room was dimly lit and slave sue found her eyes closing. she awoke to 
feel the sheet being pulled slowly over her legs, but she was still drowsy 
and assumed it was Master. she closed her eyes and fell into 
semi-consciousness, feeling the material slide slowly upwards as first her 
legs and then her cunt were exposed. she heard a voice, a man asking if he 
might touch. Then Master spoke from a distance, agreeing, and she felt the 
man's hand very softly on her legs. she was fully aware of what was 
happening to her but helpless to do anything, and anyway Master was there, 
so she just lay still. The hand continued upwards and she felt him stroke 
her pussy lips. 'So smooth', he said, and Master laughed. 'My slave is 
very good at that', He said proudly. 

she heard murmuring and realised that there were others in the room. Other 
hands began to touch her, and each one stroked her pussy lightly. she 
could feel her body responding even though her head was spinning, and she 
could do nothing to stop them even if she had wanted to. Then the sheet 
was removed and she was lying naked and completely exposed. Flashes went 
off and she realised that one of the men was taking pictures of her smooth 
cunt. she heard Master telling the man that he wanted the photos to be 
kept betwen His private friends, so that slave would know that they know 
every inch of her body, but also that the photos were safe. she could feel 
her juices flowing and started to reach down to touch herself, but stopped 
as she remembered that she was in Master's presence and had not been given 
permission. One of the men commented that she needed to be seen to, and 
she heard laughter from the others. Master asked His friends to leave so 
that He could attend to His own needs as well as His slave's.

The last of them left and Master closed the door. He took off His clothes 
and came to stand at the foot of the bed. 'Well done, pet', He said, 'I am 
very pleased with your progress today, and I have been told that you won 
the competition too. Master is going to reward you now'. slave looked up 
and could make out His silhouette and His large erection standing proud 
over her. she sighed and laid back, a smile on her lips as Master entered 
her and took her into sub-space once again...
