The Bet
by zeke81©

Susan saw out of the corner of her eye that Eric and Kyle were whispering back and forth about something. She even heard a few muffled laughs. Curious as to what they were discussing she walked over to them.

"Now just what are you two whispering about?" Susan asked.

Caught...Eric and Kyle turned red, looked at the floor, and remained silent.

"Come on now...out with it. If it's that good I want to know." Susan said.

They remained silent.

"If you don't tell me what you were talking about I'll just assume it was something highly inappropriate and go talk to Mr. Miller about it. If you tell me we can let it slide...even if it was somewhat inappropriate. Now, are you going to tell me or should I go and talk to Mr. Miller?" Susan asked.

Kyle and Eric looked at each other and after a moment they both shrugged.

"Well..." Kyle started.

"Yes." Susan said.

"We were kind of debating what kind of panties you're wearing." Eric said.

Susan was surprised.

"I see. So you were staring at my ass and discussing what kind of panties you think I wear. Did you agree on what kind you think I wear?" Susan asked.

"No, Eric thinks you wear either a thong or a g-string, but I think they're more like a bikini or basic white cotton." Kyle said.

"Hmm...how did you intend to find out who was right?" Susan asked.

"Um...well we were going to try to get a peak down the back of your pants when you sat down or bent over or something." Eric said.

"I see. Did you make a bet about who was right?" Susan asked.

Kyle shrugged.

"Yeah." Kyle said.

"How much did you bet?" Susan asked.

"We've both got $400 cash on us so we bet that." Kyle said.

"You bet $400 on what kind of panties I'm wearing?" Susan asked.

Eric shrugged.

"I'd have bet the $800 I've got on me, but he only had $400 so that's what we bet." Eric said.

Susan looked at Eric and Kyle. The thought of 2 guys betting on what kind of panties she was wearing excited her.

"If I were betting $400 I'd want more than just a tiny glimpse down the back of my pants...that might not prove anything. I'd want real 100% positive proof before I paid off on that kind of bet." Susan said.

"Obviously you're right, but there was no way we could get that kind of proof easily." Kyle said.

"It might be easier than you think." Susan said.

"What do you mean?" Eric asked.

"Would the winner of the bet be willing to break even?" Susan asked.

"What do you mean by break even?" Kyle asked.

"You bet $400 on what kind of panties I'm wearing. Would whoever wins be okay with the loser giving the $400 to me instead of them?" Susan asked.

Kyle and Eric looked up at Susan...not sure that they'd heard her right.

"What was that?" Kyle asked.

"If I can have the $400 that the loser would have had to pay the winner I'll push my pants down to my knees for 5 minutes so you can see which one of you won the bet." Susan said.

"Is this for real?" Eric asked.

"Yes. The winner wouldn't get any money out of the bet, but they'd get the satisfaction of being right and of knowing that it cost the other $400. What do you say?" Susan asked.

Eric and Kyle looked at each other for a moment.

"I'm in." Eric said.

"Me too." Kyle said.

"Okay then. To keep from being noticed we'll all walk slowly one at a time to the office that the old sales guy used to use. Make sure nobody sees you go in or someone might get curious and none of us want any uninvited guests. I'll go first then you two wait a few minutes and try not to look like anything is going on." Susan said.

Susan went to the office followed a few minutes later by Eric and then Kyle.

"Not that I don't trust you, but I'm not doing this until I have $800 in my hands. I'll give the winner back his $400." Susan said.

Eric and Kyle handed over $400 each.

"Have a seat there so you'll have a better view. Remember, it will be for five minutes and there will be absolutely no touching." Susan said.

"No problem." Kyle said.

Kyle and Eric sat down and Susan walked over in front of them. She was nervous and excited so her hands were shaking as she unbuttoned and unzipped her pants. Her top had been tucked into her pants so it kept Eric and Kyle from seeing anything while she wiggled her pants down. When her pants were down to her knees she lifted her top up so it was above her belly button.

Eric and Kyle were blown away...Susan wasn't wearing any panties. They're mouths dropped open and they stared at her smoothly shaved pussy.

"As you can see you were both wrong so that means you both lose. That means I get to keep all $800, but as a consolation prize you can look at my bare ass and pussy for five minutes, but remember...no touching. Any objections?" Susan asked.

"No...hell no! This is by far the best bet I've ever lost." Eric said.

"No kidding." Kyle said.

Eric and Kyle moved to their knees and moved so they could get good close up looks at her pussy and her ass. Susan kept her eyes on the clock. She let it go a little longer than five minutes before reaching down and pulling her pants up.

"Okay boys...that's it." Susan said.

Eric and Kyle stood up. Susan smiled when she saw that both of them had noticeable erections stretching out the fronts of their pants.

"Oh my. I'm going to go back to work but you two should stay here for awhile so you can...compose yourselves." Susan said.

Eric and Kyle looked down and noticed their erections.

"Remember guys...this is our little secret." Susan said.

"Who would believe us anyway?" Kyle asked.

Susan smiled, turned towards the door, and slipped out. Eric and Kyle looked at each other and smiled.
