The gentle giant - by Abadone

Hi my name is Jed and my mates call me the gentle giant and I would like to confess a little about my sinful side.

(M/F, reluctant, rp, v, oral, anal, size,)

The Partnership

Hi my name is Jed and my mates call me the gentle giant and I would like to confess a little about my sinful side as I am a serial rapist I think my total now is over 180 women and at least 60 men. Why rape women? Well I am not the best looking guy out of the box and never was I have a hunched back and women just scorn me, guys would avoid me and I could always hear them taking the piss out of me in the background when they thought I was out of hearing range. This just made me angry and much more of a loner save for my local where they would tolerate and almost give me the time of day.

Hookers I have tried but they smell deceased and they would prefer to give me head with them rotten teeth than have my cock stretch their pussy and leave them sore for the next client. But I can never let go and rarely let my lust take over and enjoy it and so sometimes it was hard just to get hard so even more frustration would set in, but if I did let go of it they would scream and cry out and then there was the fear of the old bill, so I stopped using them.

So to get laid I turned to rape, it does not matter to me if it is a guy or a gal but I prefer girls usually but it is not always easy to get them on their own late at night and when you do it is finding the right spot to grab them. But once I got them I could do as I liked with them, my size would put fear into them and I was much larger and stronger than the average guy so controlling them was usually quick and easy but the best bit was they could not say no to me putting my long fat cock into them and letting my lust take over, I even learned to get more pleasure listening to them scream or even begging me to stop. I just got high on the power of rape and just using some ones body for my lust and whatever else that came into my mind at the time. If they begged and pleaded it would just add fuel to the fire and the more they screamed then the hotter my orgasm would be so all was good with rape for me.  I must admit I did try the date rape drug a few times but fucking a dead doll was no real use to me so it was back to proper rape.

So let me tell you about my last encounter.

As usual I was down at one of the nightclubs, down town this one had a balcony so as usual I would hide up there in the shadows drinking slowly and out of sight from most of the people. I like nightclubs with all these scantily clad girls drinking, smiling and having fun and it was good to see so much flesh on show as it always got me in the mood. There was a few that took my eye but I did keep coming back to this one bunch of girls and in particular this one little raven headed girl, she was the smallest in the group looking about 21 it might be younger might be older its hard to tell with the way they dress up now. But she had this one piece dark navy halter dress on that she kept on having to pull up to keep her tits in check as she was lively on the dance floor. She did have nice proportions though, tits to ass wise well her tits stuck out and so did that little tight ass of hers and the dress was short upper mid thighs just showing off them nicely tanned legs that looked smooth and long in some strange heeled shoes that had a sort of ribbon that wound around her legs that went up to her thighs, it must of taken an age to put them on. But reviewing it, it was her ass that set me off with her I am an ass guy I like it small and tight not wide of the hips but slim and natural, slim I mean and not these anorexic things that are just a bag of bones I like some shape to it.

So watching her and feeling my lust rise it was waiting for the next stage and hoping I get lucky. Well she found a young lad just a bit taller than her and they danced, laughed and drank and then on the last few slow dances of the night they were swapping tongues on the dance floor as her mates waved her goodbye. His hands were all over her and she kept moving them off her more private parts but her hands were wandering too as they were locked in passionate kisses while swaying to the rhythm of last few songs. Then the night was over and the lights came on I made for the exit and waited for them to come out, it was warm but cast over and not looking like rain. I had just finished a cigarette when they came out and she had her coat over her hand bag and he had his hand on her ass as they walked up the street. Well this was not so bad as they were not heading for the taxi ranks. So I followed them hiding each time they stopped to kiss and grope one another.  They seemed to be getting quite passionate and thought my luck was out but I was enjoying the view so decided to follow just for the kicks as they were heading my way anyway.

They passed an open chip shop then turned down the canal alley, she stopped hesitant at first shaking her head at the opening to the ally but she gave in and he led her by the hand into the darkness, its a long alley down the back of the shops that I know well and does finally lead down to the canal. it is a common short cut but mainly during daylight as its a common mugging spot too with bad lighting and lots of places for tramps to sleep the night. Not the best of places to go after two in the morning. But just right for me.

There was no need to keep my footsteps quiet this time as with all the air-conditioners and refrigeration fans down here the night air hummed constantly but I did keep to the shadows. The lad seemed a bit jittery as he kept looking back over his shoulder but he did not seem to notice me.

Then after a while he pushed her up against a gate and started to kiss her, Him I could see clearly as where they were stood there was one of them security lights that keep popping on but she was in the shadows, so I managed to get closer about ten foot away and I could just make her out and her top was rolled down and he was fondling her tits then he would break the kiss to put his mouth on her breast, then go back again. His hands wandered more and he finally had his hand between her legs and by the angle of it his hand was in her pants moving around. But soon she must of been getting turned on as she pushed him back a bit and undoing his pants then took out his cock and started to wank him off as he frigged her cunt and groped her tits while his mouth was glued to her face. I watch them for some time and was getting real horny at the show. Then in a swift movement she took charge and spun him around pushing him back against the gate and squatted down taking his cock into her mouth. She was pushing her head back and too on his cock and her raven hair caught the light giving it a blue cast to the sine. She looked hot though her tits were out and the silhouette of her breasts against this white gate showed she had nipples pointing up and her dress had rolled up showing off that lovely tight little ass and what looked like a black thong.

I put my hands between my legs and thought of having a wank over this scene but my cock was too hard and just not comfortable. So I said fuck it, I pulled out my balaclava with just eye and mouth holes and put it on. Here we go again I said lets get my old man some satisfaction. I waited till he was looking up and with a burst of speed about three strides, I was on them gripping his shirt, he too was short about five, five so just I pulled him to me and then just slammed him hard against the gate, the gate gave away and he sprawled into the yard beyond landing that hard he bounced. She tried to scream and get up but I did not give her the chance I just grabbed her and launched her on top of him. Her scream turned into a half cry as she landed hard on top of him legs akimbo showing of her nice thong. But I did not stop to admire the view I kept moving and slammed a hard punch to his gut; he curled up with a grunt that fast he knocked her off him and she went to scream again but I just grabbed her head and pushed it real hard into the paving stones. The security light gave me a good view of what was happening and her face was all screwed up in pain and he was rolling and trying to catch his breath.

Give me you handbag bitch. I demanded as I put more of my weight onto her head. She struggled but got it off her arm and I snatched it away. I pushed her head into the floor again and moved to him leaving her sobbing.

Empty you pockets boy as I grabbed his shirt. He was too busy rolling in pain and still trying to catch his breath to think so I tugged and ripped off his pants then ripped his shirt off his back leaving him half naked with his grundies around his ankles and a t-shirt that I had somehow managed to rip open. He did a vain attempt to resists the last pull of his pants as I tried to remove them but I just stepped forward and gave him a right hook sending him onto his face, then stamped on his back to finally rip his pants free.

I quickly emptied the contents of his pants into my coat pockets and did the same to her handbag, I never leave anything as you never know what you will find out later when you look through the stuff and looking through it after always brought back the memories. Also as I filled my pockets I took stock of where I was, OK I must be behind the old book store from here there was two escape routes to avoid the city cameras and I can be home free in thirty minutes. The yard was sparse save for an old patio chair surrounded by cigarette dimps so no worries here.

Ok taking stock how was I to do this; he was face down sobbing into his hands and she was curled up crying and trying to get her top to cover her tits. Ok got it I turned and closed the gate now it was the fun time.

I got down and gave the lad a few good digs to the kidneys then dragged him to sit in the chair. When he finally focused on me I told him to sit still and just do as I say and he would get no more of it. I asked him if he got it and he nodded yes while still sobbing.  Right I said now take off them grundies and put them in your mouth, you got it. He did not take his eyes off me as he slid them the remaining way off and then put them to his face. I squeezed his shoulder real hard and he winced even more and started to put them into his own mouth. I patted him on the head and then got behind him. I looked but she had not moved so from behind him while he was sat in the chair I leaned over and grabbed his cock he sucked in a sharp breath as I crushed his little hard cock in my hand and whispered in his ear.

I see you liked it when she had her mouth around your cock boy.

I squeezed it hard again this brought an ah ah of pain from him.

I am now going to rape her, and you can sit here and watch and if you try the slightest thing I will beat you both to a pulp and leave a bloody mess here for the police in the morning. Then I twisted my grip bringing another cry of pain. You got that or you want me to beat the shit out of you now? I placed my hand on the back of his neck a squeezed real hard both his cock and his neck.

He gave a cry of pain but said Yes, Yes, YESSSS.

Now you sit here like a good boy and I will even let you wank over the fun I have with your bitch. I said and I noticed she must have heard what I was saying and was just about to get to the gate when I managed to put my hand on it to keep it closed. Then I brought my hand back and slapped her, not hard just enough to snap her head around. Then I pushed her to the middle of the small yard so I could see her clearly.

Thats not nice bitch I slapped her again and she backed up more sobbing., I snatched a handful of her hair and twisted her head up to look at me and watch her face screw up in pain. Now youre going to be a good girl and I am going to fuck you any way I want. I twisted her hair some more and pulled her up a bit as she was short just about belly height. You got that?

I pulled her up by the hair even more and she half cried, half hissed Yessssssssssss

I let the pressure of a bit but did not release her. Good girl, now get your kit off so I can get a good look at you. I said as I pushed her to arms length away from me so I could get a even better view in the light. She was sobbing but not moving so I shook her by the hair again. I can do it the easy way or the hard way, just depends on how you want to be fucked covered in blood or dead, the choice is yours ether way youre going to get fucked girl. I slapped her again across the face, again not hard just enough to knock her head sideways as I held her hair and shook her again but this time enjoyed the sight of a tit bouncing free as she struggled to hold the top up and hide her assets.

She did not say a word but just sobbed and I gave her a moment as I watched as blood was leaking from her noise. Then I balled my fist and pushed it to her cheek grinding my knuckles in and pulled it back real slow I was about to give her a real good crack as I tensed my muscles up to release my fist at full force into this little girls face.

But her eyes shot open and she said OK, OK Then she started to pull and tug at her dress while I held her hair, soon both tits were out and looking nice and then down past her hips and she struggled a bit but soon it was around her ankles and that nicely tanned body was on show for a few seconds then she covered her tits again.

I just shook her again by the hair. Get that thong off bitch I cannot fuck your cunt with that in the way. Again she was reluctant but lowered her arms and wiggled her pants down around her ankles. Thats better.  Now open those legs, slightly hesitant at first but she opened her legs. Wider I demanded and she stepped wider still. Those wrap around shoe things was all she had on and it set her off nicely as they rode up her legs and a little crab ladder for pubes how sweet she looked.

But enough of the view, so bending so I could get low enough I slammed my free hand between her legs and squeezed her mound making her jump with the shock. It was wet with her juices from her short but sweet encounter with me lado over there. I saw her face squirm as I just pushed my fat finger through her wet lips and forced it home into her nice hot wet cunt, it was hot too and she clamped down on it hard with her cunt muscles making it really tight to move around. But move it around I did as I watched her face screw up even more at this violation of her cunt. I continued to watch as her face screw up and turn to tears and then as the tears flowed she started sobbing standing their letting me abuse her cunt while she still tried to hide her tits in modesty.

I gave her hair a little tug to break her reverie and told her to drop her arms. Slowly she lowered her arms letting them drop to her sides and I drank in her shapely form, she was quite a doll and had all the right curves in all the right places.

I looked over at me lado and he was staring at her with his hands clamped between his legs and his pants still stuffed in his gob. Well boy dont just sit there lets see you wank off over this lovely little girl of yours. Your cock was hard enough before and wanting it, nows your chance to get that itch you had early on sated. He did not move just looked at me, so I threatened him again. So you dont want the pleasure you want more pain, is that it? This did the trick and he took his cock in his hand and stated to pull it off.

I curled my finger inside her and pulled her towards me by her cunt and hair, then looking in her face I asked her. You like what you see girl? as I tugged at her hair so she could look at him.

She gave no reply but I did not expect one. You seemed to like it when you had your mouth around it, well I sure did like the show, so maybe you can suck mine too so I can enjoy that hot mouth of yours. That said I slid my finger out of her cunt and pushed her down to her knees, she was short so had to look up at me past my crotch, I held her there for a moment looking at them tear filled eyes then shook her by the hair again. Well get it out girl.

There was no hesitation this time as I guess she had resolved to her fate and soon my belt was opened and with a little fumbling my button was undone, she lowered my zipper slowly and with no cock springing out at her she started to tug my pants down and down slowly bringing into view my old fella, I watch her eyes widen as she slowly revealed my cock then all of a sudden it sprang free hitting her in the face causing her to jump and try to move out of the way of this monster cock, but my hand was still wrapped in her hair keeping her there, her face felt cool against my cock as it was released from its hot confines and started to swell.

She was really up close and my cock is a monster and the look of pure shock on her face as she tried to pull back to take in all its size, she grabbed it with both hands to get it out of her face, pushing it down and to the side.  I smiled down at her looking at the how small her face looked now and at her hands that seem so tiny as they tried to control it.

It was more pure shock at the sheer size of this thing that was written all over her face that made her shake her head No, I have seen that reaction a lot of times now and it just makes me so horny to watch them not knowing what to do, even me lado had stopped and froze mid wank to stare at the size of it.

I let the thought of sucking this thing sink into her for a few moment and that she was about to be raped by this monster of a cock that was staring at her, I shook her free and back to reality. Well suck it girl. I suggested.

She just opened her mouth real wide and then pointed my cock at it. Then she shut her mouth and shook her head No again. I just gripped her hair tight and pulled her that little bit closer. Suck it girl. I commanded.

She opened wide again and put her lips over on the head, her mouth was that small I could feel my cock push up against her front teeth. Her lips then closed on the head of my cock sending a nice sensation down my shaft to my balls at the soft heated touch of her lips as they moved slightly. Then she pulled back and shook her head again No.  I wanted this now I had a feel of the heat of her mouth and I was going to get it. I pulled her head back so she had to look at me. You suck that cock girl or you will and I mean you will feel the size of it as I ram it right up your shitter. Its your choice!  I released her hair, now it was up to her.

She looked the thing in the eye again and then shaking her head No stuck out her tongue and licked the end and pulled back taking with her a long strand of my pre-cum. She repeated it again and then she put her lips to the head and started to lick the eye and around the every end to my cock. I was enjoying it but this was not a place to let this go on forever and was about to just push her to the floor when she pushed her mouth onto my cock making me wince as the sensitive head was racked by her teeth. But I was in and the warm wetness of her mouth was sweet, looking down I saw her head was back eyes wide open and her lips stretched taught around this monster of a cock hanging out of her face and her two little hands holding it in place. But she must be something of an accomplished cock sucker as she started to push it to the back of her mouth and wiggle her tongue around to add to the pleasure. I let her play with it for a while and savoured the sensations that her hot mouth gave the end of my cock and it started to grow again and get rock hard in her mouth. Thats when I took over and gripping her head just fucked her face, slamming my hard cock to the back of her mouth. Now it was nice to hear her choke and splutter as I jarred her head back with each thrust.

I looked over at me lado who had resumed pulling his cock as he watch transfixed to the scene before him.

I just kept hammering at her head giving her a real good skull fuck, she was panicking the poor girl she was trying to rip my hands off her head but she was just too small and lacked anywhere near the strength to stop this assault on her face. The truth be told I was not getting much satisfaction out of this as her mouth was too small and there was no way I was getting my cock down her throat, but it was not through the lack of trying. So not getting all I wanted I just shoved her off my cock onto her back her knees bent beneath her. She quickly tried to curl up but I just grabbed her knees and forced them open trapping her feet as I got to the floor. There it was before me her little snatch bald save for the crab ladder. She started to scream so picking up her pants I forced them into her mouth to silence her then she started to thrash around so taking a firm grip on both her knees I pushed them to the floor. But the lass straightened her legs sending her away from me. But a hefty punch to her gut soon took the fight out of her, I then pulled her close lifting her legs as she was gasping for breath and trying to remove the pants I had shoved into her face. Bending her almost double I pointed my cock at that small cunt between her closed thighs as I held her ankles up high. Placing my cock in the heat of her pussy lips I shoved and shoved again until I felt the tightness and heat of her pussy envelope the end of my cock. I opened her legs and took a look at this small pussy stretched taught around my cock as I started to force it deeper into her.

Again she tried to push away from me so releasing her legs I gripped her shoulders and started to pound her cunt, she started to scream again so I pushed the pants back into her mouth and then really started to hammer at her. Fuck she was tight and her small pussy was resisting me at every thrust, just like a virgin. But I kept at it until I was just over half way home and I felt the top of her cunt, I stopped then to savour the way her cunt was clamped around my cock as I felt every ripple of her cunt muscles giving up the fight.  I smiled down at her, she was shaking her head as I leaned over her taking the small handful of her tits in a crushing grip I hammered my monster home harder until I felt her cunt give and my cock burst into her gut. I did not stop as I saw the light go out in her eyes and they finally closed as she passed out. Now the fucking was easy with all the blood for lubrication and no fight in her and I could slide smoothly in and out, but this was no fun so I started to slap her face to bring her around as I pulled my cock all the way out of her.

Her eyes seemed to flutter open a little so lifting her legs higher again I put it against her small asshole and pushed. There was little resistance as I felt the tight band of her ring give and stretch around my cock, I pushed more and this time she was fully awake and screaming into the gagging pants in her mouth.

This was better I said to myself as I pushed it hard into her, soon I was hilt deep into her and pounding her for all I was worth as she passed out again.

Then I removed the gag and fed them into her cunt shoving them deep to stem the flow of blood as I fucked her ass. She had gone all limp but she was still breathing so all was still good, It was just that wanted more than this so I slapped her face again until she woke up and I started to fuck her again soon I felt my balls start to tighten I held it back for as long as I could and then with a grunt emptied my ball sack into her ass.

I let her legs just flop open as I stood up and grabbing what clothes were on the floor to wipe my cock clean before putting it away, looking down at her all the while watching the blood that was pooling between her legs and her crotch and inner thighs were smeared with it, now she will know what its like to fuck a real man I said to myself as I turned to me lado sat in his chair.

That was good boy; your girl was a nice tight fuck. I noticed he still had his cock in his hand and that it was still hard. That little thing of yours shot its load yet?

He just looked from her to me and back again so I kicked his leg. You deaf or what small cock?

He shook his head No.  Well dont let a nice piece of flesh go to waste lad get your cock in that cunt.  With that I grabbed his hair and dragged him over to her pushing him between her legs. Now its your turn to fuck it.  

He made no attempt to fuck her so I got down beside him and gripped his ass. If you dont fuck her laddy I will bend you over and slam this cock of mine right up your ass and this time I will not be so nice. I felt him shiver first before he started to arrange her legs and then he was pumping into her.

I watch him for a while until he was shooting his load into her limp form then gave him a crack to the back of his head leaving him unconscious. I was about to take my leave but thought fuck it and turned back; I took his pants and tied her arms above her head and removed the last of his shirt and used it to gag her. I then left them there with the backyard gate wide open for anyone that passes to see.

My step was a little lighter heading home as it was another good nights fuck.

But that was just my last one; I may tell you more if youre interested.

~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~~

This story was written as an adult fantasy. The author

does not condone the described behaviour in real life.

~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~~


For those that are interested in contacting me you can use the following:

Email: meabad1one@gmail.com

I look forward to hearing from you and will do my best to answer all mail sent. 