The worst thing about being stuck in this cave system is that there's no way of judging how much time has elapsed. Neither he nor Jayne are wearing wristwatches and Simon could kick himself for not putting his on before they left Serenity, but, despite this, Jayne seems determined for them to fall into a routine. He's almost animal in his instincts, although this isn't necessarily a negative thing. In fact the longer Simon spends with Jayne Cobb the more impressed he is by the man -- beneath that sullen exterior lurks a person who is far more sensitive than he wants anyone to know.
There are, however, things that Jayne isn't the least bit sensitive about. Several times since they've been stuck in the cave the man has undressed and dived into the water, working off some of that excess energy by doing a speedy set of lengths across the underground pool before jumping onto land and scrubbing himself dry. Simon would love to get clean, but he lacks the confidence to strip down to his underwear so while the mercenary is, once again, busy duck diving into the depths he keeps his mind occupied, analysing where the water could originate from. The rushing sound is a steady drone in his ears and so it can't just be ground seepage that keeps the pool fed at such a constant level.

Simon is so wrapped up in his thoughts that he doesn't notice anything's wrong until it becomes apparent that Jayne is well overdue in coming up for air. When it finally dawns on him that the big man has been gone for way too long, he gets to his feet and peers into the inky water, terrified by its stillness. There's neither a ripple nor an air bubble marring the glassy surface. Tianna!

Toeing off his shoes he stands on the very edge, peering into the blackness below him. Where should he dive in? Are there submerged rocks that could render him unconscious? As more time passes and panic turns to hysteria he undresses then sits on the ledge, dipping his legs into the freezing water before pushing off into the pool.

"Wo kao!" he gasps. He was right; the water is cold enough to kill. Too long immersed in this and he'll suffer from hypothermia for certain. Senses on alert, he can feel his heart rate slowing and is about to dive under when a body slithers past, frightening the hell out of him as it surfaces with a splash.

"'Bout time. Reckoned you were never gonna get around to taking a bath."

Jayne's words irk Simon as much as usual, but his instinct to help overrides everything else. "What happened? I thought you were dead," he says, helping the man out of the pool and then pushing himself up onto the rocky ledge.

"I got turned about and ended up in this other cave. Caught my breath and figured out how to get back here." Jayne sinks down to the ground, rubbing his legs to try and get the circulation going.

Simon wraps blankets around the mercenary and checks his pulse. The shivering is a good sign. It means that he's not suffering from severe hypothermia. "Dry off and then get into your sleeping bag," he says. "I'll fetch you some food."

"'Kay, Doc," replies Jayne in a subdued voice.

Simon senses that the big man is shaken up from his impromptu underwater expedition and however furious he is with him for being so foolish, he decides that yelling will do no good at all. After all, what does it matter now that Jayne is safely back.

Having prepared the ration packs, Simon quickly pulls a blanket around him to cover his nakedness. Towelling the water from his skin in rough strokes he climbs into his own sleeping bag and huddles close to the mercenary who's looking better by the second. The man really does have the constitution of an ox; Simon was only in that water for a couple of minutes and he's already suffering from minor after effects.

"How much longer do you think the Reavers will be here?" he asks as he finishes his meal and folds the packet into a neat square, trying not to listen to faint grunting sounds which echo from the cavern above them.

"Couldn't tell you." Jayne finishes his pouch of water and throws it into the far corner. "Itching to get back to your li'l mechanic, are you?"

"I'm more worried about River." Simon stares at the ceiling of the cave which is speckled with areas of luminous chemicals. He knows Jayne is just fishing for gossip, but, frankly, he doesn't understand why everyone's so interested in his love life. It'd be different if there was something to talk about.

"You ever gonna put Kaylee outta her misery?" says the mercenary quietly and very much out of the blue.

Startled, Simon looks up, his skin, which had returned to normal, now pimpling into gooseflesh once again. "What do you mean?" he says, almost daring to catch Jayne's eye then looking away at the last second.

"Been thinking for a while that girls are not so much your type."

Simon swallows nervously. He's never talked about his sexuality to anyone and Jayne's words both frighten and embarrass him. He's no virgin; he's acted on his impulses many times when it's been safe, but has never actually spoken about being sly -- not even to his lovers.

"It ain't fair to keep on encouraging her the way you do."

"Encouraging?" Simon develops an ounce of bravery and meets Jayne's steadfast gaze. "I've never said anything to her that might, well, possibly imply that I'm interested in pursuing any kind of relationship beyond friendship."

Jayne roars with laughter then covers his mouth in that childlike way of his. "It's what you don't say that's the problem, Doc and you can take that stick out of your pigu right now 'cause I ain't judging you. I ain't in a position to do so."

The conversation dies and it isn't until many hours later, when the mercenary is asleep and snoring away gently next to him that Simon reflects on the odd choice of words. Was Jayne trying to tell him something or is he just reading too much into it? The most likely explanation is that the man was merely using his own expansive hetero sex life as a comparison, but, then again, maybe there's more to it. Simon's never seen any concrete evidence that would point to Jayne indulging in sly encounters and, yet, the more he thinks about it there are odd moments he can pick out -- times when Jayne has paid out of character compliments to the male members of the crew in backhand fashion. He tries hard to remember exactly what happened during the celebrations in that Mudder bar on Higgins' Moon. He was very drunk at the time, but has a vague feeling that Jayne took both a woman and a man upstairs to bed with him for the night.

Thinking about this isn't helping Simon sleep. On the contrary, he becomes overly aware of how close the mercenary is to him: of that naked chest peeking through the open zipper of the sleeping bag, dark hair covering tanned skin in a fur so dense it's almost animal.

Turning the lantern off in hope that it'll help settle him, Simon nestles his head against the rough material, trying not to imagine that it's a warm, hairy body he's using as a pillow. He mightn't be able to see Jayne any longer, but he can feel him and waits expectantly for every puff of breath to waft against his skin. Unable to switch off, his body reacts urgently: cock filling to a rigid stand, pre-come leaking out and wetting his underwear. Nothing could ever be as awkward or as uncomfortable as this moment.

*

Simon wakes in the foulest of moods and the sight of Jayne coming back from the 'bathroom' then having a strip down wash in the pool does nothing to improve his temper.

"Don't expect me to treat you if you get sick," he snaps as he dresses within the safe confines of his sleeping bag then roots around inside one of the tarpaulin sacks to see if there are any bars of chocolate still hiding in the corners. "It isn't a myth that getting chilled lowers your resistance to illness."

"What's got you so tetchy this morning?" asks Jayne, looking at him curiously.

Simon frowns. "It may well be the middle of the night for all you know and I'm not tetchy; I'm just sick of us sitting here and doing nothing to get out."

"Sure sound tetchy to me." Jayne replaces the batteries in a failing lantern. "And if this is about you being sly then-"

However much Simon would like to know whether he's right about the big man, the last thing he wants is another conversation revolving around his own sexuality. "Will you please keep your big mouth shut for once," he interjects angrily. "The reason I'm not in the best of moods is that I've noticed we only have two ration packs left and I don't like the idea of starving to death down here with you as my only companion."

He jumps to his feet the exact moment that Jayne steps forward and they slam forcefully into each other. Simon, being the lighter of the two, stumbles backwards and Jayne catches hold of him, dragging him tightly against his body.

After the sleepless night he's endured, this close contact is too much for Simon to bear. "Just because I'm sly doesn't mean you can put your filthy hands all over me and use me as relief," he retorts viciously.

Jayne lets go and backs away, a wary look in his eye which slowly but surely turns to anger. "Was trying to stop you from taking a dip in the drink," he says. "'Though next time maybe I'll just leave you be."

By the time Simon has looked up from examining the crevices in the ground he sees that Jayne has made the jump to that outcrop of rock and is about to climb the slippery cave wall.

"Jayne!" he calls as loudly as he dares. "Don't be an idiot."

Jayne looks back at him, an indecipherable expression on his face. "You said we needed supplies," he says as he ascends the rock face at dangerous pace whilst Simon is left standing impotently on the ledge, kicking himself for being such a jerk.

Watching Jayne disappear through that gap turns out to be one of the worst experiences of Simon's life. He stares at the hole for what seems like hours then looks around helplessly at the dark expanse of cave walls. Once he realises how truly alone he is, childish tears well up and he does what all pathetic little crybabies do in times of crisis and runs away to hide in his bed.

Sleeping bag wrapped tightly around his face, Simon rescinds his agnosticism and begs God to please make everything right, then, as time passes, his mood alters to one of anger and self-recrimination. If only he hadn't ever given in to his sexual urges. If only he and River had never set foot on Serenity. If only Jayne hadn't been so curious about him.

He's certain now the sounds from above are getting louder, but then maybe that's his imagination working on overdrive. Wo kao! Scrabbling noises terrify him still further and he huddles inside his sleeping bag, only emerging when he hears a familiar voice.

"Doc, we gotta get outta here quick."

Crawling out of his nest, Simon looks up at the gore-spattered form looming over him. It's almost the same as that time in the med vault except that now there's no arrogant grin on the mercenary's face, just plain unadulterated terror. There's a deep bite in the man's right forearm, from which blood is flowing freely and he's holding himself awkwardly, a sign that he's suffered injury elsewhere.

"Almost made it back safe," Jayne groans as he kneels and tips out the contents of the sack. Cutting out a rectangle of tarpaulin with his knife, he wraps up his rifle and ammunition inside the material and seals it with tape. "Then I dropped a gorram box, lost my pistol and the hundan followed me back into the cave. I just about managed to get away, but they're close on my tail."

"Oh god!" Simon hears shuffling noises coming from all around him.

"Grab some of them glow sticks then follow me into the water," orders Jayne. "Keep with me all the way and I'll try to find that other cave. It's the only chance we got."

Simon nods as he shoves a bundle of the chemical powered lights into the tight waistband of his pants and when Jayne dives into the pool he does the same, panicking as the chill hits him and making him lose that whole chestful of air. Opening his eyes he looks around wildly, seeing nothing but darkness, but then something grips his arm tightly and drags him, flailing helplessly, through the water.

He's read that drowning can be a blissful experience when you give in to it, but the moment the pain becomes too much and he's about to breathe in, he's released upwards into a dank space and gasps in mouthfuls of dank air instead. There's a snapping sound and as the area around him is bathed in hideous green light Simon's claustrophobia threatens to go on the rampage when he realises that the 'cave' Jayne described is little more than a nook, just a couple of feet high.

"I can't… I can't… I can't…" he repeats and, trembling like a leaf from freezing cold and abject terror, he treads water and presses the heels of his palms against his eyes. "I have to go back."

"There's nowhere to go back to."

Arms reach for him and they might be as cold and wet as he is, but they're also solid with muscle and Simon succumbs to the comfort with a small whimper of pleasure.

"We'll be okay. I'll take care of things."

Arms dropping limply into the icy water Simon gazes dumbly up at Jayne. He never imagined that the idea of euthanasia could fill him with so much relief. Clinging tightly to the big man he instinctively moves closer and their mouths meet in this slow, somber kiss that both soothes and unexpectedly arouses him. This should repulse Simon; everything about Jayne should repulse him, but it doesn't. Unwashed and unshaven they bury themselves in each other and it's such amnesic pleasure that Simon finds himself hoping that Jayne will kill him now so that the moment never ends.

Once they finally stop kissing, Simon stares bewildered at the mercenary, wondering how he's been denying his attraction for so long. Jayne is a prime example of his physical type, but that doesn't stop it being the epitome of ridiculous to act on his urges at a moment like this.

"Not taking advantage," says Jayne, stumbling over the words as a bout of shivering takes him over. "Been shuang xing 'most as long as I can remember."

"I know," says Simon and he does -- he'd put two and two together during that long, sleepless night. It was only his unwillingness to accept things that made him so foul-tempered the next day.

They kiss again and this time Simon is less shell-shocked and more able to enjoy the feel of Jayne's mouth: bruising lips, strong tongue, a straggly beard that rubs against his own bristled skin. They may be about to die down here, but at least he can go happily, knowing that there's one person in the verse with an understanding of whom he truly is.

"Reckon there may be a way out of here," says Jayne, his lips still grazing Simon's. "I ain't positive, but there's a chance."

"Tell me," says Simon as he snaps another glow stick and places it on a narrow ledge of rock. He wants to live. Wo de ma, he finally has a reason for living that isn't based on love for his sister or a desire for revenge. As his hands slither down Jayne's arms he hears a disguised gasp of pain as he touches the wetness of the gouged out flesh. He'll tend to Jayne's wounds as soon as they're away from this submerged sepulcher.

"There's a shaft just to the right of us. Don't know where it goes. All I do know is that there's water running down and it's gonna be a bitch of a job to get up there."

It makes sense, thinks Simon. He knew there had to be something feeding this subterranean lake.

"I'll check it out. If it ain't no good we can always go back," continues Jayne and he's readying himself to make the dive when Simon clamps hands down onto his shoulders and silences the mercenary with another kiss.

"We both go," he insists. Whether it's to explore the tunnel or go back to the cave and hope that the Reavers have gone he doesn't much care, but he's not being left alone again. "Think how much trouble you caused when you went off half-cocked last time."

"Y'ain't wrong there." Jayne grins, teeth green and ghoulish in the sickly, chemical light. "So what's it to be, Doc, cave or tunnel?"

'Doc' sounds wrong since their relationship has veered off onto a strange new course, but Simon has a feeling that he'll still get called that most of the time. "Tunnel," he says through chattering teeth. At least that way they can drown together and find out whether it is indeed a blissful way out of this world.

"Ain't sure if this is gonna work." Jayne looks dubious.

"I know," replies Simon. "But at least we'll have tried."

Jayne leaves his tarp-wrapped rifle on the ledge with a regretful sigh then fumbling around inside Simon's pants, he takes a few of the glow sticks, accidentally groping cock in the process.

"There'll be time enough for that later," says Simon with a shivery grin.

"You bet your pretty white butt there will be." The mercenary winks. "Now listen up. Take three or four deep breaths and then dive down. I'll lead you to the tunnel entrance and after then you get to be trailblazer. That way I can give you a shove along if you need it."

Going underwater is not as much of a shock this time and privately Simon worries that this might signify he's entering stage two of hypothermia. However, on the plus side, at least he's able to hold his breath.

The tunnel is extremely narrow and as Simon snaps another light stick and pushes upwards, he knows now that the only reason he's leading the way is because Jayne isn't certain whether his bigger torso will fit through the constrictive gap. The flow of water makes climbing almost impossible and if the shaft were set at a steeper angle then he couldn't manage it, but with Jayne's assistance he perseveres and drags himself onward through the hole. His lungs are burning and the glow light held in his teeth only succeeds in blinding him a little, but still he presses on, knowing that if he fails then Jayne dies too.

'Come on,' he tells himself as his body pleads with him to give in to the cold and his broken fingers demand surrender, then all of a sudden the tunnel widens and Simon finds that he's no longer fighting that downward gush of water. Kicking out hard with both legs he pushes upward… upward… upward until everything becomes black and quiet. So dark. So still. So peaceful.