The Notebook: Return of the Pr0nz

A/N: List of things we're pimping: Off the Spirals (check our author's page), our twisted prince of tennis renditions of Broadway musical songs (see our LJ/homepage link), Canadian Please (search it on YouTube), Katie (Contact me, and we'll set up a time. /wink wink/ Lol. No, we're totally married.), Big Windup (Funimation has the whole first season on their website. It's a good dub. We hate dubs. There is not enough good fic for it.)…..I think that's all we're pimping. OMG Two more chapters after this and then it's OVER. O_O! -Scarlet

Katie does not get pimped, Scarlet! Katie does the pimping. Get it straight.

Disclaimer: I own Fuji. My cat. (Our cat. Honestly, Scarlet, you don't get to write these things anymore.)

Warnings: gay sex, light voyeurism, light bondage… that's really it…

Fuji put his cards down as another moan came from upstairs. "Are you sure we can't go have sex?" He looked at Tezuka with his arms now crossed.

Tezuka shook his head and picked up a card, handing it to Fuji. "Talking during Mao."

Eiji laid down his card and reached over to Fuji, flicking him.

Fuji pouted, but he knew his friend was just carrying out Tezuka's rule.

"This is actually kind of interesting to listen to," Ryoma said, pressing his ear to his and Momo's bedroom door to better hear the noises drifting into the hallway from the Emerald Pair's room.

"Echizen, I really, really hate you," Momo groaned, hiding his face in his pillow.

"Kaidoh-sempai sounds really into it. Inui-sempai's kind of quiet, but that's not surprising-"

"What, do you go around imagining Inui-sempai and the Mamushi doing it?" Momo sounded revolted.

"Don't act like you haven't."

"No! I haven't!"

"How can you not have? They're the weird couple. You have to... wonder..." Ryoma glanced at Momo.

"Kaoru, quit squirming," Inui chastised.

"But you're-" Kaidoh's thoughts trailed off into a moan and more squirming.

"The weird couple?"

"You know what I mean. They're weird. They totally don't work except for where they're pretty much soul mates. It's weird. And their sex life has to be weird too because Inui-sempai does all sorts of weird things, Kaidoh-sempai said so last night..."

Momo raised a curious eyebrow, then got a strained thinking expression, then let out a noise of mental anguish.

"I didn't need those sorts of picture in my head!" He slammed the pillow down over his head.

"Did you know Inui-sempai times how long it takes to take his clothes off?" Ryoma tried to press closer to the door in his curiosity.

"Figures," Momo muttered.

"Wow, Inui-sempai's actually starting to get loud. You'd think Kaidoh-sempai would care that the whole house can probably hear him, but I guess-"

"E-chi-zen! Now you're just talking about it to be mean!"

"Goddamn it, Kunimitsu! I'm sorry about whatever I did to make you torment me with this! But can we please go have sex!" Fuji slammed his cards down on the table and stood up.

Tezuka glanced at him from his still seated position. "What do I get out of it?"

Fuji thought for a moment, then smiled wickedly and leaned over to whisper in Tezuka's ear. Tezuka's eyes widened minutely, and he cleared his throat. "We will be back. Later." With that he stood abruptly and pulled Fuji up the stairs.

"Nya, I wonder what Fuji said he'd do..." Eiji wondered.

"I guess that means we have to redeal again," Oishi said, frowning.

Taka-san shook his head. "No, no. Go ahead, ever since Inui and Kaidoh started up your minds have been elsewhere."

Oishi scratched his head. "That's okay, Taka-san. I wasn't..."

"Yes you were. Go on, I can entertain myself, really. If Momo and Echizen aren't in the middle of anything, I can steal the Playstation and bring it out here..."

Eiji frowned doubtfully. "Nya, but it's the last night. Taka-san shouldn't be all alone..."

"Really, there was something I wanted to do anyways." Taka-san smiled at the pair.

They looked at each other before standing up slowly. "If you're sure..." Oishi said.

"Go!" Taka shooed them with his hands.

Kaidoh panted as he tried to gain control over his body again.

Inui sat at the foot of the bed with an amused smirk on his face.

"Inui-"

"Ah ah ah," Inui tsked.

"Sadaharu, please..."

"Please what?"

Kaidoh flushed. "You know..."

"I want to hear you say it. What do you want me to do, Kaoru?"

"I... I want..." Kaidoh licked his lips. "I want you to... make love to me..."

Inui crawled over the smaller body. "Only if you promise to quiet down a little." He smiled.

Kaidoh blushed a dark scarlet. The entire house probably knew what was going on in their room. He vaguely recognized the snap of the cap on their lube being flicked back before Inui was pushing a finger inside him and he was trying to keep another moan contained.

"Good boy." Inui's other hand massaged Kaidoh's thigh.

Kaidoh tried to find some way to get a purchase on the bed beneath him and failed. "Inui-sempai..."

The analyst pinched his thigh.

"Inui-sempai!" he yelped.

He was pinched again.

"Sadaharu!"

The finger grazed over the now reddened skin lightly. "I'm not taking them off just because you can't hold on to something." Inui rubbed Kaidoh's prostate, making the kouhai squirm even more.

Kaidoh's breathing was becoming erratic. "Sadaharu," he gasped, "please-I'm ready-I-"

Inui grinned. "Patience, Kaoru."

Kaidoh barely managed to hold in a frustrated groan as Inui went back to slowly preparing him, adding a second finger and stretching him. "It's quite sexy when you call me Sadaharu," Inui told him. "And encouraging. Perhaps we should conduct an experiment to see if the number of times you call me by my given name will influence how quickly you'll get what you want..."

"Anything... Just... Please..." He arched his back as the fingers did deliciously pleasing things to him.

"Almost ready, Kaoru." He added the magic third finger.

"You'll really stop tormenting me for a month if I have sex with you right now?" Tezuka asked suspiciously as Fuji pressed himself wantonly against the captain's body.

"Kunimitsu!" Fuji whined.

Tezuka rolled his eyes and started shedding their clothing.

"Not Buchou and Fuji-sempai too," Momo groaned.

Another cry of "Kunimitsu!" carried through the wall.

"Do they ever stop?"

"You're one to talk," Ryoma grumbled.

"Fuji-sempai and Buchou are WAY worse than us!"

"Us?" Ryoma cocked an eyebrow.

"Wait..." Oishi paused at their door. "We can't go in there. Inui and Kaidoh are in there."

"But Oishi!" Eiji whined.

Oishi thought for a moment. "Bathroom?" he suggested.

"Us. You and me. Who else would I be having sex with?" Momo frowned. "And don't say Mamushi, I'll kill you."

"I don't have anything to do with it, you're the one who keeps jumping me."

"You suggested we have sex in the first place earlier!"

"Once because I was trying to make you feel better. The next two times were all you."

"I didn't realize how discontented you were when you were screaming my name!" Momo shot back.

"I didn't scream, and don't mock Fuji-sempai."

"Quit! I'm ready, damn it," Kaidoh cursed.

"Kaoru, be patient or I will stop entirely," Inui threatened. "Proper preparation is important, as you very well know. You'll be glad I took this slowly."

Kaidoh held back another curse. It wasn't like they'd always had time for this; Kaidoh was used to it without much preparation, and they'd certainly had sex often enough that Inui didn't need to be as careful as he was being.

After a few more thrusts with his fingers the analyst looked up. "Are you ready, Kaoru?"

Kaidoh resisted the urge to shout at his sempai. "Yes, In-Sadaharu."

"You caught yourself. You will be rewarded, Kaoru." Inui positioned himself and leaned down to pin Kaidoh's hands above his head and kiss him again before pushing in slowly.

"You did," Momo argued. "Or at least you said it. Loudly."

"Che. Whatever."

"Admit it." Momo pushed the freshmen onto his back. "You love the sex."

"You're so full of yourself."

"Hypocrite. Say it. I won't let you up until you do."

"Yes. You will."

"No...What are you doing?"

Ryoma snickered.

"Don't touch me there!" Momo jumped off the bed defensively.

Ryoma smirked and laid back onto the bed comfortably. "You touch me there," another dramatic pause, "Takeshi."

"That's different," Momo whined, pouting. "You're the uke."

"So? It doesn't only feel good if you're an uke. Come here."

Momo hesitated, then sat on the bed next to his boyfriend.

"I'm not going to try to screw you or anything, just chill out." Ryoma grabbed the tube of lube from the nightstand and squeezed some onto his fingers. "Lay down."

"Echizen, I don't know about-"

"I'll withhold sex. I really will."

Momo sighed and lay back on the pillows. Ryoma nudged his legs apart. "Relax," he ordered, sliding his middle finger inside. Momo stiffened. Ryoma waited a minute and then added a second finger, pursing his lips in concentration. He crooked the fingers, prodding Momo's prostate in the process, and smirked as Momo arched off the bed, moaning loudly.

"See?"

Momo gave a soft groan before he muttered, "Do that again..."

Ryoma couldn't help the onset of giggles.

"What is Ochibi doing in there?" Eiji paused at the door.

"I have no idea..." Oishi put his hand on Eiji's waist, "but it sounds like he's enjoying himself..."

"No way! When Ochibi enjoys himself he smirks! He's probably torturing poor Momo!"

"Then Momo probably deserves it. C'mon."

"Ne, you were so enthusiastic," Fuji said drowsily, cuddling closer to Tezuka. "Is there a reason for that, Mitsu?"

"You know perfectly well what the reason is."

Fuji pouted. "Mou, how mean. You're really that happy that I can't have any fun for a whole month?"

"Yes," Tezuka said truthfully, "and don't complain, it was your proposition."

"I suppose, but can I ask one thing of you?"

Tezuka raised a skeptical eyebrow.

"I want to introduce our parents."

Inui smirked as he looked over the younger boy, mentally patting himself on the back.

Kaidoh groaned softly, "Fuck... My head hurts..."

Inui smiled. "You hit your head pretty hard on the headboard."

"Yeah, thanks to you..."

"Be nice."

"Mpf..."

Inui ran his fingers gently over Kaidoh's head, feeling for the bump he was certain would be there. He kissed it before laying down next to his kouhai and spooning him tightly.

"...I believe that would come under the heading of tormenting me, Syusuke."

"No, no, I promise to be good. I just think... we've been together for so long, I think it's necessary, and don't you think this month is a great time to do it, when I can't cause trouble?"

Tezuka eyed his boyfriend suspiciously. Something was afoot. Fuji would not suggest something like this, where he could so easily wreak havoc, when he couldn't actually do anything. There had to be something up his sleeve. But if he accused Fuji, the tensai would sulk and pout and Tezuka wouldn't get any for a while. "I suppose," he said finally.

Fuji beamed.

"You won't regret it, Kunimitsu! I promise!" Fuji latched his arms around the captain's neck and kissed him.

Tezuka suppressed a shudder. He was so going to regret this.

"Fuji-sempai did that when I didn't want to be uke that time..." Ryoma's cheeks dusted over a pale pink.

"What?" Momo jerked upright.

"Yeah, he wanted to show me that being uke wasn't all bad..." Ryoma frowned. "Oh, don't look so pissed, you got to seme, didn't you? Anyway, it's not like we really did anything. You had sex with Kaidoh-sempai."

"With your permission!"

Eiji slid down the bathroom wall bonelessly, exhausted. "I don't think I'll be able to move for the rest of my life."

Oishi chuckled and sat next to the redhead, wrapping his arm around him. "I don't mind carrying you everywhere."

Eiji blushed a dark shade of red and brought his knees up to his chest.

"What is it, Eiji?"

"Nothin', nya..." He tried to will the blood from his cheeks

"It's not 'nothing' if you're blushing about it like that..." Oishi smiled, trying to lighten the mood.

"It doesn't matter anyways. It's not possible." Eiji stood with a sigh.

"I'm going to talk to Fuji-sempai."

Ryoma blinked. "Don't."

"I'm going." Momo pulled on his boxers and started toward the door. "He can't just molest my boyfriend and get away with it, I won't stand for it."

"Oh, shut up. If you go bug him now Fuji-sempai will kill you, you know how he feels about his 'post-coital bliss' or whatever..."

"Eiji?" Oishi came up behind his redheaded boyfriend at the counter.

"It's really nothing, Oishi. Promise!" Eiji smiled brightly.

Oishi frowned. It was times like this when he really wanted the tensai and acrobat kept apart. The smiling mask was Fuji's trademark, and, in Oishi's opinion, he could keep it!

"Let's get dressed and go see what Taka-san's doing! We can't leave him down there by himself for too long, that'd be mean, nya!" Oishi tried to protest, but Eiji was already tugging his shirt over his head and trying to get out of the bathroom as soon as he could.

"Oi! Taka-san! What smells so good?" Eiji practically slid across the hardwood floor into the kitchen.

"A surprise."

"How come? I thought you were just gonna play video games or something?" Eiji peeked over the power player's shoulder.

"I felt like it, and we leave tomorrow, and there's still a lot of food here." Taka smiled.

"Can I help?"

"Sure." Taka-san led him away from the stove to the cutting board.

"No! Momo-sempai, you idiot!"

"Fuji-sempai!" Momo banged on their captain and tensai's door.

Inside the room Fuji growled in annoyance and sank further into the sheets and his boyfriend's chest. Stupid Momo.

"Fuji-sempai! I need to talk to you!"

Fuji felt Tezuka shift and call towards the door, "What do you need, Momoshiro?"

"I need to talk to Fuji-sempai about molesting my boyfriend!"

Fuji sighed. "So that's what this is about..." He stood, pulling Tezuka's t-shirt over his head, and opened the door a crack. "Momo, really, this is not the time."

"Like I give a damn! Fuji-sempai, you can't just go around... touching other people's boyfriends without even asking them first!"

"I offered to convince Echizen to uke for you, and you agreed. That was my solution. You got what you wanted. I don't see a problem."

"I DO!"

Fuji rested his head on the doorframe, looking past Momo to Echizen.

"I tried to stop him, Fuji-sempai..."

Fuji let Momo rant at him for a few minutes while he surveyed Ryoma. "Oh!" It dawned on him why exactly that conversation could have come up. "I get it now!" He started to laugh behind his hand, but to no avail.

Momo flushed as his laughing sempai held himself up on the doorframe.

Fuji got control of himself enough to nod at Ryoma before he shut the door and returned to the bed. Tezuka had pulled himself up on one elbow and was looking at him curiously.

"What's so funny?"

"Echizen," the tensai said, still grinning as he pulled the oversized shirt off, "never fails to surprise me."

"Eiji." Taka's phone was ringing. "Would you mind stirring this? Ann-chan gets mad when I don't take her calls."

Eiji nodded and hopped off the counter. "No problem!"

Taka-san went out to the porch and left Eiji alone. He listened for a minute to Momo yelling at Fuji from upstairs, followed by the tensai's laughter.

He listened to Momo and Ryoma's footsteps trail into their room before another set came downstairs.

"What are you cooking, Kikumaru-sempai?" Kaidoh reached into the cabinet for a glass and a painkiller.

"I don't know what it is. Taka-san's the one cooking it. He just left me in charge while he talks to Ann-chan, nya." Eiji smiled.

"Oh..." Kaidoh turned on the tap and filled his glass.

"It sounded like you were having fun..." Eiji laughed lightly.

Kaidoh blushed, not turning to look at his sempai. "Um..."

"It's not like we haven't all had sex today, thanks to you and Inui." He poked the junior's cheek.

"Are you okay, Kikumaru-sempai?"

"Why wouldn't I be?" Eiji, who had turned to face Kaidoh, took a step back and bumped into the stove. "Ow! That hurt!" He pouted, looking at the unhappy looking red spot on his arm where it had touched the hot pan.

Kaidoh turned the burner on low and pushed Eiji toward the sink, pulling the lighter arm underneath the cool water.

"Owwies..." Eiji pouted.

"Usually you wouldn't have run into the stove, Kikumaru-sempai... What's wrong?"

"Kaidoh..." The redhead paused. "Can I ask you a question?"

"Hmm..."

"A serious question."

Kaidoh looked at his sempai. "What?"

"Have you and Inui ever talked about... you know... getting married?" He saw Kaidoh frown and start to talk. "I mean, if it ever becomes legal."

Kaidoh blushed and turned off the tap, grabbing the towel. "A little..." He patted Eiji's arm dry gently.

"Really?" Eiji looked excited.

"Yeah..." Kaidoh gave a small nervous smile as he inspected the burn.

"Have you ever thought about-" Eiji paused again- "being carried across the threshold?"

"Not specifically, Kikumaru-sempai... What brought all this on?"

Eiji turned awkwardly to look at his burn. "Oishi said something about carrying me... and my brain kinda jumped..." He dropped his arm to his side.

Kaidoh tilted his head. "Why would that make you upset?"

"Momo is none too bright," Fuji said sleepily, hooking one leg over Tezuka's. "I can't count the number of times he's practically asked for me to torture him this week..."

"He has a point about touching people who are not your boyfriend," Tezuka said testily.

"Oh, really, Mitsu. It was for the good of the team."

"How did you come to that conclusion?"

"They couldn't even focus on tennis during practice because they were both so sexually frustrated. Same with the Golden Pair. I saved Nationals this week, Kunimitsu."

Tezuka rolled his eyes.

"Because! We're gay! We can't get married for real!"

"Oishi-sempai can still carry you across the threshold..."

"But, it's not the same... It's not fair!"

"There's nothing we can do about it, Sempai. You and Oishi-sempai are already an old married couple at heart anyways."

"I know... It's just frustrating..." Eiji's shoulders slumped.

"I know."

"I'm sorry for venting to you..."

"It's fine. I don't mind." Kaidoh rubbed the back of his neck.

"Then you won't mind this!" Eiji glomped him.

"Kikumaru, what are you doing?" Inui's voice came from the bottom of the stairs.

"Oh! Sorry, that reminds me, I have to go talk to Oishi!" Eiji detached himself from the kouhai and ran upstairs, calling, "Kaidoh, watch the stove!" on his way up.

Eiji crashed into their bedroom to find Oishi digging through his trunk for something. Taking a deep breath, Eiji said, "Oishi, I need to talk to you about something."

Oishi straightened and looked at Eiji with concern in his eyes. "Are you going to tell me what was bothering you earlier?"

"Yeah." The butterflies in his stomach doubled as Eiji knelt down in front of his partner. "Shuichiro."

Oishi blinked in surprise. Eiji never called him by his given name. "Yes?"

"Will you marry me?"

"What?"

There was hurt in Eiji's eyes as he looked up at Oishi from the floor. "Nya, Oishi doesn't want to..."

"I didn't-Eiji, stand up." He pulled the redhead up. "I'm just surprised. What brought this on?"

"Well... I was sad because you said you'd carry me around, and it made me think that even if we're married in every way that counts, we won't really be, and... then I talked to Kaidoh, and he made me feel a little better... And I decided that even if the law says we can't get married, I want you to carry me across the threshold."

Oishi smiled. "You sounded so mature just now, Eiji."

"Nya... thanks, I guess."

"But Eiji, don't you think it's a little early to be getting engaged? We're only seventeen..."

"Nope! I want to be with Oishi forever!" Eiji grinned. "So what do you say?"

Oishi gave his partner a soft smile and pulled Eiji into his arms. "I want to be with you forever too."

Eiji hugged Oishi tightly and kissed him soundly on the lips before pulling away. "I have to go tell Fujiko!" Eiji ran out of the room as fast as he could and down the hall to the captain and tensai's room. He opened the door and shouted "FUJIKO!" as he dove onto the lumps under the covers.

"Fujiko! Fujiko!" Eiji shook the shoulder of the smaller lump. Fuji pulled the covers away from his face. "Oishi and me are getting married!"

Fuji's eyes widened slightly, and then he smiled. "That's wonderful, Eiji. Did he give you a ring?"

"Nya, Fujiko, don't just assume that Oishi proposed!" Eiji pouted. "I guess I shoulda gotten a ring first... but Oishi didn't seem to care, nya. I'll definitely get him one when we go home, though!"

"You proposed to Oishi?" Tezuka asked.

Eiji nodded happily.

"Well, I think your fiance would be disappointed to see you in bed with two other men." Fuji smiled.

"Actually, he's smiling," Tezuka quipped.

Eiji turned to see Oishi smiling in his parental manner, leaning against the doorframe.

"What on Earth is Kikumaru doing up there?" Inui asked as he leaned against the counter.

Kaidoh shrugged as he stirred the pot his sempai had left him in charge of.

"Eiji-oh, Kaidoh... Where'd Eiji go?"

"He's running around upstairs..." Inui supplied.

Just then the acrobat came barreling down the stairs, jumping up and down in excitement. "Guess what!"

They looked at him expectantly.

"I asked Oishi to marry me, and he said yes!"

Inui looked at Kaidoh. "You don't expect me to..." He trailed off.

"No."

Eiji hugged Taka-san and dashed back upstairs to Momo and Ryoma's room.

"What the hell?" Momo grumbled.

Ryoma mumbled and turned over, having decided that he was sleeping until further notice. If he stayed asleep he wouldn't have to have sex again. Four times was WAY more than enough for him.

"Momo! O-chi-bi! Open up, open up, I have to tell you something!"

"Eiji-sempai, come back later, will you?"

"No! I have to tell you right now! It's super important!"

"Fucking-Goddamn-I'm coming!" Momo shouted the last part as Eiji's insistent pounding on the door grew louder. He unlocked the door and wrenched it open. "What."

"Oishi and I are getting married!"

"You're already married, Kikumaru-sempai," Ryoma groaned. "Go away."

"We are not! Ochibi's so mean, nya."

Momo slammed the door in his face and crawled back into bed.

Eiji pouted at the door for a minute, then shrugged and ran for the stairs again, shouting, "Ryuzaki-sensei!"