I can feel the heat from the day waft through the lazy curtains on the breeze. I watch as they stir, the light making them appear crisp and white despite me never washing them. And how long have I been here? Two years? Long enough to dampen that brilliant white with a sheer coat of living. But the sun, or should I say the glare, hides all my housekeeping sins just as surely as it is the cause of them.
I am almost panting as I lay here, in the heat of the day, caressed by half known sheets and a veil of perspiration, almost imperceptible to the naked the eye.
And your eyes are naked.
They sweep over me, followed by your hands. I smile into the crook of my elbow, opening my eyes fully as you roll me over onto my back. Your mouth and nose already finding the hollow at the base of my throat, whispering kisses along the length of my collar bone and then up behind my ear. My skin, despite the heat, is eager for your attention. Trembling beneath the pressure of lips and tongue.
You make me feel decadent. Like chocolate cake after a satisfying meal. And you have satisfied me. My body sings of the memory of our passion from what feels like but moments before. But time, our time together, is fleeting. The circumstances focusing our want until we both luxuriate in an almost perpetual simmer of lust, heightening even the most mundane of interactions... your fingertips drawing a moan of approval as they lightly trace the curve of my cheek before you are kissing me there. And then my jaw. And then my mouth.
Somehow your mouth feels hotter than outside. An impossibility but such is the sensation. I am willing as you ease me underneath you. Your weight slipping between my open thighs, your cock, hard and throbbing is as hot as your mouth, it presses against my hip and then eases inside me. And I am moaning again. The stretch of well used muscles, the ache of well used flesh, the tension in already well used nerves and there is naught else for me to do.
So I moan and I sigh as you thrust languidly inside me, as if I am the only thing you have to do all day. And you want to do me well. My body applauds your attention, my minds eye following the lazy pace of your cock inside me. I draw my knees up to your hips before folding my heels into your lower back. Rocking to meet you. Encouraging your attentions. Your intentions.
"Sore?"
"Mmm delightfully so."
I murmur in response to your question, as the lightest of your touch has me quivering. I draw your mouth to mine once more, forgetting about the ache and surrendering myself to your want. Allowing it to build mine. Allowing the pleasure to thrill throughout well used synapses unused to this, so sensual a marathon. Beneath me your hands catch the swell of my arse, holding me as you thrust into the wet heat of my sex, until it is you who are moaning. My pussy clasping around your cock as every part of me trembles. You slow then, just as I am holding my breath, my eyes closed as I chase the end of an unfurling tendril deep inside my womb.
You slow and I moan. And then you stop. Buried inside me. Waiting for me to open my eyes. When I do, you are smiling. The tip of my nose, kissed.
"Tease." I whisper it accusingly. Playfully.
You cough. Clearing your throat and looking away momentarily before you find my eyes again.
"May I..."
You stop, blushing. Your hands still holding my arse. They squeeze my flesh unconsciously and it is my turn to smile. My hand finding your jaw as I stare into your eyes, daring you to finish your question. If anything my behaviour makes you blush harder. I wait until you take a breath to steady yourself.
"May you?"
I prod. Teasing you in return.
"Take your arse?"
You ask quietly. I feel your cock twitch inside me when you do. The daylight that floods the room allows no anonymity between us. Everything is bare and on display. Your desire. Mine... my pussy contracts around you in response. I nod. But you shake your head.
"Say it for me."
I smile at that. At the gravel in your voice.
"Yes. You may take my arse."
I am far more brazen than you. My reply rewarded with a smile. A smile and your cock resuming its passage inside me. A delightful and eager rhythm of thrust and withdraw that did not see you leaving my body, but working within and against it until I closed my eyes again and once more found the tendril within me begin to uncoil.
You wait until I am holding my breath before you withdraw. Leaving me suspended on some gorgeous peak of pleasure, malleable under your hands as you urge me onto my stomach. My arms folded beside me and legs spread-eagled, allowing you to kneel between my thighs and massage my arse with your strong hands. Easing my cheeks apart before I feel your breath blow lightly on my most intimate of places.
Your breath and then your tongue. Lapping at me experimentally. The tip of it licking around the puckered skin before probing gently inside me and then circling again. I ease my hips higher, encouraging your mouth. This isn't the first time you have licked my arse but it is the first time we have had the circumstances to explore it, and I am wet with anticipation. My breath ragged. I reach behind me and spread my cheeks for you, wanting your tongue deeper. Wanting to free your hands for other things.
You groan as your look up and see my arse on display. My hips high, cheeks spread, my pussy dripping with arousal. You slip your fingers through my juices before you run them over my arsehole, teasing at it with your fingers before pulling away.I groan my frustration as you do so, only to sigh in approval. Your thoughtful self returning with a pillow that you slide under my hips, letting them rest against it but keeping my arse in the air. You lick your fingers and ease them into my pussy from behind as your tongue goes back to exploring this newest frontier.
You are delicate when you start. Teasing strokes and delightful sweeps of a flat tongue against intimate skin. Your fingers, gently thrusting inside my sex as you lick, and suck and fuck against my arsehole with your tongue. Until I am moaning continuously. Wanting to rock on your fingers, on your tongue, but being denied by the position of my hips.
It is as if you know my frustration, taking your time, exploring at your pace. Until I am almost whimpering. I groan when your tongue finally dips inside me. Not far. Just the tip. My muscles relaxing around it. Willing. The juices from my sex coating your fingers, flowing onto your hands. I am so very ready for whatever you want.
"Keep yourself open."
You whisper. Withdrawing your fingers and your tongue. It is then I realise you are as aroused as I am. Your voice cracking with want. I nod into the bed even though I know you can't see me. My palms flat against my arse, holding myself open so you can see how wet you have made me, saliva and arousal coating my skin, the insides of my thighs, the bed. You run your fingers around my arsehole before this time easing a finger inside me.
"Yes."
The word leaves me as a sigh and I can't help but press back against it, taking it wholly. I want more. I want to be filled. I look back at you over my shoulder. You seem entranced. Your finger thrusting in and out of me. I rock against your hand, urging you deeper, before you slip from me completely. Returning with a second finger, stretching me until I am warm and aching. And then you start to thrust within me again. Watching as my arsehole eagerly accepts your fingers with each forward plunge, and reluctantly lets them go with each withdrawal.
Gods. My thighs tremble as does my breath. It has been some time since I have been used so and my body thrills with the sensation. I am murmuring my approval when I feel your hips press forwards. Your fingers deep inside my arse, your cock urging the folds of my pussy to part before it is thrusting inside me. The double penetration unexpected, fueling my greed as I push back against you meeting your momentum with my own. Wanting all of you inside me. I am panting. I feel so full. So stretched. So close... I am almost there, almost there, almost there when you change the tempo again. Sliding your cock from me and pressing the tip against my arsehole, now swollen and warm from your fingers that too have withdrawn.
Your cock is thick. And wet with arousal. It presses against my opening and I feel my want light in my chest, like butterflies. I want you. I want you inside me. I want your cock inside me, and your seed. I catch an almost sob of relief between my lips as your cock all to stubbornly finds its way inside me. Stretching me just that little bit wider. My groan following the length of your cock as you press inside me in one long glorious penetration. Until your hips are hard up against mine. My breath deep and punctuated by arousal.
You stop there and look down between us. At my hands still holding me open. At my arsehole wrapped around the girth of your cock. At your cock itself, red and straining in the confines of my arse.
"Fuck."
The word leaves you as a moan. Earthy and primal. And then you are moving. Your hands taking my hips and pulling me onto all fours. My arse cheeks relaxing around the base of your shaft. I press up from the bed, taking you deeper inside me and moving along your cock. My breasts heavy and swollen hang torturously beneath me, bouncing a little with each thrust of your cock, with each withdrawal. Over and over. Accentuating the already heady pleasure between my thighs.
You too, are enjoying this new sensation. The tight grip at the base of your cock that follows the shaft all the way to the tip on each withdrawal. And all the way back down again as you drill away inside me. As you watch your cock disappear into my arse. Over and over.
It is my turn to swear. Breathless, I rock back to meet your thrusts. Taking you harder. Wanting you deeper. I feel full. Swollen. Wet. Arousal drips from my pussy. A slick sheen of sweat covering my body as I strain on all fours to meet your climax with one of my own. I can hear you are close. I can feel it in the way you hold your body. The rhythm of your cock. You are close and I am close. My clit swelling with each rush of blood. The throb of your cock inside me. The grip of your fingers in the flesh of my hips. The punctuation of your thrust deep inside my arse. It is all of these things as I whisper a mantra I don't even know I am saying...
"Fuck yes, fuck yes, fuck yes."
Over and over.
Until a hot spray of cum empties inside me, your cock buried within the deepest part of me, and I am cumming.