LMC Ch. 07: Rachael Finally Gets Hers
By Bobbie Kaye (Cutie) & Flubber

Chapter 1

Needless to say, Rachael was horny. Not just horny, but super horny. No, not super horny, but mega-super horny. It seemed as though her body was always aroused since she started visiting the Beach Club about a month ago. She couldn't get all the stories, pictures, videos and chats out of her mind. They had fueled many masturbatory sessions over the last month, but the last week or so had kicked her arousal up to a whole new level; and that was saying something because she had always been a woman who could easily be aroused. That condition sometimes caused her great embarrassment, as her nipples tended to present themselves through her clothes at very inopportune times. But it was also a good thing, as it rarely took her much effort to bring her body to wonderful orgasms.

But recently her need for release had become overwhelming. Two of her new friends, Bobbie Kaye and Flubber, had posted stories about her on the board and she really found that erotic. Reading about others had been fun, but reading about herself for the first time had done something to her. She usually got herself off three or four times a week, but since those stories had been posted it was nearly every day now that she masturbated, sometimes even two or three times if she could find the time and the privacy.

Going to work this past week had been the worst. She had never had sexy thoughts at work before, as most of her colleagues were sixty year old guys (ewww), but now she could not get those stories out of her head. After the first day she had to bring a spare pair of thong panties to work, as her first pair was usually soaked by lunchtime. She tried getting off before work, but that just seemed to make her hornier, so she just suffered through the day and took care of things when she got home, usually more than once!

Today was Sunday and she was making the most of her time alone. Her roommate Allisa was out. She'd tried to drag Rachael along, but she'd feigned a bunch of stuff she needed to do for work and told her to go on without her. As soon as she heard Allisa close the front door behind her, Rachael discarded her clothes and pulled out one of her favorite toys from its hiding place.

Although she had accumulated quite a collection of adult toys, Rachael's Rabbit was by far her favorite. The only drawback was that it was loud, so she never used it when Allisa was home for fear she would hear it. She knew if Allisa discovered it she would tease her about it unmercifully, even though Rachael figured she probably had a toy chest of her own hidden somewhere. And knowing Allisa, she would probably bring up her using her Rabbit in conversations with her friends or even strangers, just to embarrass her as much as she could.

So now with Allisa gone for the day with Joy and Hannah (the two other members of their circle of friends), Rachael was going to make the best of her time alone. Usually she would spend a lot of time caressing her sensitive breasts and clit to get things started, but she found she was already wetter than she had ever been. In fact, she knew the first thing she was going to have to do once she recovered from her much expected and desired climax would be to change her sheets, which showed several wet patches across them as she rolled around atop the bed trying to find just the right position to best achieve her moment of bliss.

Rachael's heart was racing and her breath was coming in short gasps, usually preceded and followed by loud grunts and groans. She was really getting into this. Being alone she didn't have to worry about being heard, and she let all her inhibitions go.

Rachael let out another moan as she wished for about the thousandth time she had been born with four arms. It seemed that every part of her body was aching to be touched, but she just couldn't satisfy those areas and hold onto her Rabbit at the same time. She was so engrossed in her act that it took her a moment to realize something else was happening...

She finally acknowledged the growing sensation in the pit of her stomach. She knew just what it was. She had only had it happen three or four times in her life since she had discovered the little button between her legs as a teenager and it hadn't happened at all in several years. It was the build up to what Rachael liked to call a monster orgasm. While her regular orgasms were usually quite good, they paled in comparison to these. Everything had to be perfect in order to have one of these - believe me she had tried unsuccessfully many times to make them happen.

Now that she realized what was about to happen she increased her efforts, pleading for it to happen soon as she didn't think her poor little body could take much more. Finally she could feel it right on the edge. God this was going to be fantastic. She had been without one of these monster ones for so long and finally she was going to have one. Just a few moments more…

***


Allisa stood outside Rachael's door grinning from ear to ear. She could hear her friend inside, obviously enjoying herself. 'If this is what she needed to do for work, I need to get a job like that,' she thought to herself. She had come back as she'd forgotten something she promised to bring Hannah, when she had heard the unmistakable sound of a woman in heat. This wasn't the first time Allisa had heard her friend getting herself off. After all they had been living together for a while now so it was bound to happen sooner or later, and Rachael wasn't exactly quiet when she came. And she had figured Rachael had probably heard her a few times too, so she never brought it up.

But for the last week or so Allisa had listened to her roommate get off every night, many times her shrieks waking her from a sound sleep and Allisa was getting sick of having to get up every morning still exhausted because she didn't get her sleep the night before.

Allisa had noticed how horny Rachael seemed to be recently and had wondered what was up. It was not only the noises at night giving Rachael away, but other things as well that Allisa detected. The most obvious was the handheld sprayer in the shower. Each morning when she took her shower after Rachael, she noticed the setting changed to one of the pulse settings. That particular one sucked for showering, but Allisa was very familiar with the benefits, as she'd taken advantage of it a time or two, or a hundred, herself over the course of living there; but not every day like Rachael seemed to be doing. And Allisa noticed how Rachael would make a beeline for her room as soon as she got home from work, only to come out a while later, sweaty and flushed, but with a smile on her face.

So Allisa had decided to do a little snooping. She had done it before and Rachael had never seemed to notice. She even knew about Rachel's poorly hidden toys. In fact, she had even borrowed one or two, carefully cleaning them and putting them back, with Rachael none the wiser. Allisa scoured the room, but found no clues as to what had gotten Rachael all worked up. That was until she signed onto her computer. Allisa knew about all the 'naughty' stuff Rachael looked at online, but couldn't fault her for that as she did the same thing occasionally. Using Rachael's password, 'rabbit' (it hadn't taken Allisa long to crack that one), she signed on and looked at her links and e-mails.

She seemed to be getting a lot of e-mails from someone named Flubber, and some from a Bobbie Kaye too. She opened a few to find them full of stories and info about not only Rachael, but about Joy, Hannah, and Allisa herself, as well. She also discovered she was visiting someplace called the "Beach Club" a lot. So she went there and found the link to the Outlaw's Story Board, and the stories about her roommate contained within. She found a lot of stories about that Bobbie Kaye person too. Apparently she had a hard time keeping her clothes on. 'No wonder she was so horny,' Allisa thought to herself, 'these are hot.' Allisa hadn't even realized that her hand had found its way into her panties while reading. After achieving a quick, yet satisfying orgasm there in Rachael's room, Allisa quickly signed off before Rachael was due home. But she promised herself she'd be visiting the site soon herself!

Allisa smiled to herself outside Rachael's door as an idea formed in her head as how she might be able to cure Rachael of her late night masturbation, so she could get some sleep for a change.

***

Rachael was there. This was it. She could feel the muscles in her thighs start to clench, her toes curl, and her body begin to tremble when...

"Boo!"

Rachael nearly jumped out of her skin when she heard the noise and then looked to see someone out of the corner of her eye standing in her doorway. She let out a loud shriek and tried to scurry off the bed to find a way to shield her naked, sweaty body, but only succeeded in sliding off the end of the bed towards the floor. As she did so, her Rabbit flew out of her slick hands and sailed across the room, hitting the wall with a loud thud. As she fell, one of her legs became entangled in the sheets, trapping it on the bed. Rachael was half hanging off the bed, face up, with just her shoulders touching the floor and her other leg flailing in the air, while her large tanned breasts wobbled mightily in her struggle to free herself.

The sight was so comical Allisa had trouble shooting the pics with her camera phone in between her fits of laughter. All the while Rachael was trying to free her leg as she tried valiantly to cover all of her assets; but yet again found she had too few arms to accomplish the task at hand.

Allisa just watched as Rachael screamed for her to quit laughing and get out of her room. Finally, just as Rachael pulled her leg free, Allisa took off down the stairs towards the front door. Rachael was in hot pursuit, intent on getting the camera phone and deleting those pictures before Allisa decided to share them. Going down the stairs, however, Rachael stumbled and ended up at the bottom of the steps on her back, her legs splayed open and her glistening sex on display for the second time in a matter of moments. She quickly recovered though, and flew out the front door only to see Allisa driving away yelling "Gotcha, Flipper!" out the window.

Realizing she was standing outside naked, Rachael let out a shriek and rushed back inside and up to her room. She found her Rabbit behind her dresser, now broken and useless. She flopped down on her bed and cursed Allisa several times as she tried to use her hands to bring back what she was feeling only a few minutes ago. It was no use though. She'd missed her opportunity. She did manage to eke out a small orgasm, but it was nothing like the one she'd been so close to achieving. After several unsuccessful attempts, a very frustrated Rachael climbed atop her still damp sheets and fell into a restless sleep.


Chapter 2

Rachael was at work Monday morning, and for the first time in a while, her panties weren't soaked. In fact, not a single sexy thought went through her pretty head all day long. All she thought about was getting even with her roommate. She didn't realize it at the time, but she figured somehow Allisa had learned about the Beach Club and such, as she had called her Flipper. The nickname had been in Bobbie Kaye's latest story about her; apparently Flubber had opened his big mouth and told her about the tattoo, and she'd used it.

She'd tried to sneak into Allisa's room that morning, but Allisa had locked it tight, probably assuming Rachael would try something. Then she'd gotten a text message from Hannah telling her jokingly that she loved how graceful she looked, hanging off the bed like that with her legs spread wide and thighs coated in wetness. She'd entitled the text 'To Flipper.' So Rachael decided she needed to get revenge on her roommate; she would have to put all her sneakiness skills to work.

When she got home that evening Allisa apologized for what she'd done. She was still grinning when she said it though, obviously still thinking it was funny. She insisted she'd only shown the pics to Joy and Hannah, and then deleted them. Rachael wasn't sure if she believed her or not, but pretended to forgive her in hopes she would not see her revenge coming when it happened.

***

The following Saturday the four young women decided they were going to go out for a night on the town. They would meet at Allisa and Rachael's, order a pizza for dinner, and then hit a few clubs later.

Allisa was just getting out of the shower when she heard Rachael calling her from downstairs. She wrapped the towel securely around her body, and went to the top of the stairs and yelled back to see what she wanted. Rachael told her she couldn't hear her and to come downstairs. Grumbling all the way, she went down the stairs to see what she wanted. She knew Joy and Hannah wouldn't have arrived yet, as neither one was known for her punctuality. Allisa went down the stairs and started towards the living room when Rachael came up to her. She asked what she wanted on her pizza, which was strange because Allisa ate the same thing every time. Before Allisa realized what was happening, Rachael flew into action. She knew she had to be quick as Allisa was just as athletic as she was, and if she lost the advantage of surprise then her plan would not come to fruition.

Rachael pushed Allisa back towards the stairs and against the railing. She quickly raised Allisa's arms above her head which was quickly followed by a clicking sound. A startled Allisa looked up in horror to find herself handcuffed to the stairs! Not only that, she recognized those cuffs all too well. The leather lined handcuffs came from her stash of toys! Apparently Rachael had snooped in her room too. The bad thing about these cuffs was that Allisa had lost the keys long ago. Luckily the last time she used them had been during a very steamy session with a former lover, and they hadn't closed very securely, enabling her to pull her hands out. But Rachael had closed these tightly, so she knew she was in real trouble.

Allisa screamed at her, telling her she didn't have the keys to these anymore. Rachael just laughed, saying she had no plans to let her go anytime soon anyway. Rachael explained that she was going to get her revenge. Allisa pleaded with her, telling her she was sorry, but her pleas fell on deaf ears. Rachael was enjoying her friend's plight, and for the first time in a week she felt a stirring in her loins...

While Allisa struggled with her bonds, Rachael ordered the pizzas. She returned to find her friend right where she left her, of course. The look in Allisa's eyes told Rachael that her friend was not happy at all. But then again, Rachael hadn't been happy to have her friend purposely interrupt the best orgasm she'd almost had in years, either.

Rachael then pointed to the floor. "Look Allisa, you tracked water all over the floor! We'd better get this cleaned up before whoever delivers our pizzas gets here, so they don't slip!"

Allisa's eyes went wide, realizing what Rachael had in mind. Despite a loud "No!" Rachael whisked the towel off Allisa and began to wipe up the floor. Allisa pleaded for her roommate to cover her up, but Rachael told her not to worry as she'd make sure she was covered when the pizzas arrived. 'But you won't be when the driver leaves,' she thought to herself with a grin.

Rachael left Allisa for a moment then came back with a bag of stuff. Allisa asked what it was and Rachael just told her it was to make sure she was covered up. Rachael reached into the bag and pulled something out, but Allisa couldn't tell what it was. She strode over to Allisa and slipped it over her head. Allisa instantly knew what it was now as she could no longer see. It was a blindfold, also from her little collection of adult toys. Apparently the handcuffs weren't the only things she'd taken. Allisa cringed, remembering a few other things that were in there along with these items. Compared to what she'd found in Rachael's stash last week, Allisa knew her tastes ran much kinkier and she was afraid of just what Rachael thought of her now; and just what she might intend use on her!

Again, Allisa pleaded with her roommate to let her go, promising anything she wanted. Rachael just laughed, as she was getting everything she wanted right now. And she realized she was getting quite wet in the process of humiliating her friend too. She knew she'd have to take care of that before she went out tonight.

Allisa could hear some more rustling and then felt her roommate's hand on one of her breasts. She was pushing something against it. Then she did the other one. Allisa asked her what she was doing, but Rachael only replied that she was covering her up just like she promised.

Rachael then proceeded to stick her hands between Allisa's legs. The girl was soaking wet! She let out a little moan and tried to clench her legs together, but Rachael gave her a swat on her bottom, telling Allisa to stop it. Then Allisa felt something else pressed against her bare sex.

Allisa was mortified that Rachael had touched her private spots. Not because she thought it was wrong, but because now Rachael knew how turned on she really was. The girls always played pranks on each other and often would expose each other for a laugh. Allisa always pretended not to like it, but most of the time found herself turned on by it, and couldn't wait to slip away for some time alone to take care of herself. But locked here in these cuffs, with no key, damn it, she knew she wouldn't be taking care of it any time soon.

Rachael stood back and admired her friend. Here she was, handcuffed to the railing, naked except for a few small things she had added. Rachael had to admit that Allisa had a pretty rockin' body. She was athletic and tanned all over like herself. She had shoulder length dark blond hair with 34B boobs that were perfectly shaped and a fantastic ass. Joy and Hannah had admitted to her once that they wished they had a backside as nice as Allisa's.

Rachael could tell she was aroused. Her nipples were hard the whole time, but Allisa would probably chalk that up to the fact that she'd just gotten out of the shower. But when Rachael had touched her kitty-cat, there had been no mistaking how turned on she really was. Besides, unlike her, Allisa's clit stood out quite prominently when aroused. There was no way anyone could miss it, and she planned to make sure no one did! Hehe!

Allisa cringed when she heard a knock at the door. Rachael playfully told her to wait there as she would get it; like Allisa had a choice. She was hoping it was Joy or Hannah, as maybe one of them could be convinced to help her out, or at least cover her up. Then again, it would be more likely they'd join in and make it even worse.

Allisa heard Rachael open the door and yell back "The pizzas are here!" Then to her chagrin she heard her tell the delivery guy to come in and she'd get his money.


Chapter 3

She could hear them approach, and heard a gasp and then Rachael said, "Don't mind her, she's just being punished. How much do I owe you?" When Allisa heard the reply she was shocked. The delivery guy wasn't a guy after all, it was a girl.

Allisa would have been embarrassed to be naked in front of a guy or a girl, but girls were far more embarrassing to her for some reason. She could feel herself getting wetter just knowing this girl was seeing her this way.

Rachael told her that her friend had the money, and to go ahead and take it. It dawned on Allisa that she must have taped the cash to her body, which meant this girl was going to have to touch all the same places Rachel did to get her money! A moment later, Allisa felt a hand on her boob. The girl gave it a quick tug and pulled off whatever Rachael had put on to cover it.

"That's five dollars, but that's not nearly enough, you better take some more," she heard Rachael say. Allisa remained silent and just continued to blush fiercely as she felt a hand on her other boob. This time the girl took her time and caressed it a little before removing the money, causing Allisa to release an involuntarily moan.

Allisa knew what she must look like, bound as she was. Her nipples were so hard, and she knew she must be quite the sight. And she knew what was coming next. She felt a hand snake between her legs and start exploring. The delivery girl was obviously looking for something more than money, and she soon found it. Allisa felt a finger stroke her engorged clit a few times and then slide easily inside her slick sex. She was torn between telling the girl to stop and begging her to keep going and bring her off. Instead she said nothing and a moment later the girl pulled out her now heavily coated digit, and Allisa let out a frustrated groan as she was sad for the sensation to end, no matter how embarrassing it may have been.

"You're still a few bucks short," Rachael said. "You better turn her around." Allisa had never even noticed anything being placed on her backside, but Rachael had always been a tricky little devil, so she wasn't surprised. For the first time since touching her, the delivery girl spoke, "My my, you have such a great backside. I wish I could stay all night and really enjoy it." With that she gave Allisa a playful little swat, making her jump, and removed the bill taped to one of her glorious cheeks.

Allisa thought her ordeal was over now that the girl had collected her money, but then she heard Rachael tell her that she hadn't gotten her tip. She heard Rachael murmur something she could not quite make out, and then was startled to find a pair of soft lips pressed against her own. It only lasted a few seconds and then the delivery girl was out the door.

Rachael whispered to her that she could tell that she really enjoyed that. Allisa couldn't dispute that as her arousal was obvious. She just wished she was able to get out of these cuffs and run to her room, as she really needed to cum badly right then.

Rachael admitted to Allisa that watching her had been a big turn on for her as well, and she needed to go take care of things. Allisa had never envied anyone so much before. She was going to get to go do what Allisa so desperately needed.

Rachael then told her that she'd never leave a friend in such a predicament. Even though Allisa had denied her a much desired orgasm, she would not do that to a friend. Still blindfolded, Allisa heard Rachael rummaging around in her bag and then a loud buzz filled the air. Soon, something was pressed against her private area, and she heard Rachael rip off some tape to hold the object there. Allisa knew it was another of her toys and just welcomed the vibrations against her sex. She had never needed to get off so badly.

Rachael then hurried up the stairs and flopped onto her bed. She was so horny after watching Allisa squirm downstairs that she needed to take care of her own needs too. She no longer had her Rabbit, but she found something that might do the trick in Allisa's collection of toys, and she went to work.

Rachael worked the toy against her sopping wet sex, and then plunged it deep inside. The sensations were amazing. Rachael would never have thought to buy a toy like this, but now that she'd tried it, she was in love with it.

She was really feeling the effects of her new toy (as far as she was concerned Allisa owed it to her for causing her to break hers). She was surprised to find that same feeling in the pit of her stomach she'd been feeling last week before being interrupted. She wasn't going to let it go to waste this time. She began in earnest to finish what she started.

Allisa was so close. The toy hadn't been placed quite where she would have liked it, so it took a lot of squirming around to get it to hit the right place for her. But when she did, it felt oh so good. She could hear Rachael moaning upstairs (she'd never bothered to shut her door because she was in such a hurry, and it wasn't like Allisa could follow her), and hearing Rachael got her even more worked up.

Finally the orgasm hit. Her legs shook like Jello as wave after wave of pleasure rocked her body. Allisa let out a long moan and tried to catch her breath after that much needed climax.

Then without warning her blindfold was whisked off and there in front of her stood Joy and Hannah. Both had big grins on their faces as they'd obviously just witnessed their friend cum right in front of them.

Allisa was more embarrassed now knowing her friends had just seen her like that. It didn't help that her toy was still buzzing merrily against her swollen sex while her two friends stared at her.

"The front door was open so we just let ourselves in," Joy giggled. "I hope that was okay."

Suddenly a high pitch shriek came from upstairs as Rachael had reached her peak too.

"Either you guys had a banshee move, in or Rachael just came too," Hannah joked. "What is it with you two anyway? And how come you didn't wait for us?"

Allisa explained to them that Rachael had handcuffed her and left her here (she left out the part about the pizza delivery girl) as punishment for 'interrupting' her last week. She begged the girls to let set her free. Hannah was about the help her when Rachael came down stairs, obviously very satisfied as she had the biggest smile ever on her face. She told the two girls that there was no key for the cuffs.

After several minutes of trying to force open the cuffs, they decided they couldn't do it on their own. Rachael picked up a phonebook and began flipping through it. She dialed a number while the other girls looked on.

"Hello, I have naked girl here trapped in a pair of handcuffs with no key," Rachael said. "Could you please send someone out to help us?" A few minutes later, Rachael hung up and told Allisa not to worry, help would be here shortly. Of course that did nothing to calm her nerves.

"Could someone at least pull this toy off me and cover me up?" she pleaded. The three girls just looked at each other and said "Nah," all at the same time. Allisa just sighed. So they just stood there and stared at Allisa's tanned breasts, erect nipples, and beet red face while they waited for the locksmith.

Ten minutes later there was a knock at the door. Rachael went to answer it while Allisa was trying to fight back another orgasm. The toy had been working on her clit the whole time and she couldn't hold back any longer. Just as some guy came strolling in the front door with a toolbox, Allisa came again...
Epilogue


Rachael knocked on Allisa's door and asked if she could come in. She sat down next to Allisa on the bed and apologized for what she'd done. Allisa told her to forget it as she had started it. Besides, Rachael was the master at pranks and Allisa should have known she'd get even, she explained with a grin. But she had a confession to make. She hadn't deleted those pics of Rachael like she said. She'd sent a copy to that Flubber guy online.

She expected Rachael to be mad, but instead she just laughed. She told Allisa that was all right, as she'd pretty much described her body to him anyway, and he probably knew exactly what she looked like. Besides, she had to admit that after she'd blindfold Allisa, she'd taken pics of her and sent them to Flubber too. He wanted to know what her friends looked, like so she figured she'd help him out some. Hehe!

Both girls just laughed and insisted neither held any hard feelings towards each other. Now that they were friends again, they decided that maybe they should go after Joy and Hannah next... 

