Sam meets Dean in a little mom and pop diner, his brother is eating meatloaf with lots of mustard, the biohazard yellow variety that is probably the cause of most cancers in the US. Castiel sits facing him with a root beer in a glass. It's the first time Sam's seen the angel either eat or drink at all. He has hung his trench over the back of the wooden chair next to him and is watching Dean tuck into the food like he hasn't eaten in weeks. His expression is a cross between bemused and bewildered. There are boiled potatoes on the plate, swimming in butter, and green beans although Dean is usually of the opinion that you can leave the green stuff to the side.

"So, how far to the town?" Dean asks. Sam had gone to get a better map after all, the ones they had were twenty years out of date and showed a bridge as the best way to get into the town despite it being closed off for this century. So they stopped off in South Ashfield to get more maps. The woman in the book store was of the same opinion Sam keeps hearing about the town, "Silent Hill, seriously, man, you don't want to go there," like it was Chernobyl and not a vacation hot spot. She had been flirting up to ringing the books through and seeing a history of "Silent Hill."

He gave her a grin, the washed out version of his brother's that seems to work regardless, "I'm writing a book," he said, "the paranormal hotspots based on bad histories, you know how a messed up history can become a bad aura and be mistaken for hauntings and things."

She just looked at him. "Silent Hill isn't fucked up because of it's history, it's history is fucked up because of Silent Hill." After that she was just perfunctory ringing up the books without question and putting them into a blank carrier, rather than the ones printed with the shop's logo. "Good luck," she said as he was leaving, "with your book, but I wouldn't go there if you paid me. Seriously, my aunt vanished there." He thanked her for her concern and when he looked at the receipt he saw the name Alice Bennett. She was Cybill Bennett's niece. That was when he turned back. "You ever hear of a girl called Alyssa Gillespie?" he asked, "In Silent Hill."

"Her mom set her on fire." Alice answered without blinking, "and you wanna go there, they've got some messed up religion and set fire to kids, it's like a cult, only thing missing is the kool-aid." Sam nodded, his research had turned that up.

"What about a girl called Heather Mason? She was one of the last disappearances." Sam had found out her surname through good old fashioned research.

The girl shrugged. "Folks vanish in Silent Hill," she said, "my theory, the order takes them, burns them up for their god, Sammael or whatever his name is. Whole place is a mess, I used to go there with my mom when I was really small, before my aunt vanished. It was nice meeting you, professor," she told him, "if you get out, swing back this way, we'll celebrate you not vanishing into the void." She tossed her blonde hair over her shoulder in a dismissive gesture. "But you get burned up by those red hooded nutjobs, don't you blame me, I warned you."

So he goes back to where Dean is doing his best to inhale the rather good looking food whilst Castiel watches him with a mix of horror and adoration. He thinks it might be the first time the angel has seen Dean eat, and then to Dean's consternation the angel reaches over and steals a forkful of his meatloaf and pops it into his own mouth.

Sam is almost as surprised as Dean, he remembers from his own childhood that stealing food from Dean's plate was a forking offence, Dean would happily stab the offender in the hand with his fork, even their Dad.

In the shadows at the back of the diner the Darklings are playing, frolicking and fighting over stray fries that have fallen to the floor, and one, Jeremy, Sam guesses, is chewing on a sandal that the owner has shucked off. He doesn't want to think what state she'll get it back in, definitely sopping though.

"You said you weren't hungry," Dean moans as Castiel takes another forkful, this time with potato and green beans all on the fork. "I offered to get you some."

"I'm not." Castiel answers calmly, and popped the fork into his mouth. "I am merely intrigued." He seems smug. "This place is famed throughout the area for it's meatloaf, you said that, I wished to try it. The last piece was all mustard." It's a couple's moment, a proto argument, Castiel is teasing and trying to get Dean to bite. It also suggests their intimacy if Dean hasn't pulled out a shotgun and opened fire on him for daring to steal his food. Dean has never been that close to anyone before, and for a moment Sam is happy for him, before the darkness' roiling jealousy overwhelms him and he waves over the waitress.

When it was just sex Sam found it easier to cope, but this clearly, whatever it is between them, isn't just sex. That hurts, even under the jealousy, Sam realises. Dean has someone else in his life, and Sam only has the Darkness. He orders for both himself and Castiel. Perversely, rather than getting the angel the meatloaf he gets him the vegetarian lasagna that caught Sam's own eye. The Darkness eats enough meat for all of them.

"It seems," Sam starts, twisting the conversation so it suits him, "that there is a girl missing, vanished from LA seven years ago."

"What's that got to do with this town?" Dean asks through a mouthful of potato.

"Born here," Sam answers, "her sister is one of the missing, a Cheryl Mason, her name's Heather. Seventeen years after her sister's disappearance pretty much to the day she goes out shopping and is never seen again, her father is left in pieces over the apartment, according to the police report he looked like something out of "Nightmare on Elm Street", and i'm quoting there." He drums his fingers on the table. "But sometimes when people go missing here, they show up years later, fine, talking about monsters made of scissors, great strong men dragging swords as big as cars, creatures that spit acid, sounds like Hell Beasts to me. So there's still a possibility the girl is alive."

"My superiors are wary of interfering with the town." Castiel said. "It is in a place of great geomancy, the lines of reality are blurred there, many dragon lines cross and overlap, and with so much water it is not unlikely that there will be creatures not of your reality. One of my brothers was sent, a long time ago, to investigate. He never returned. It is likely that he was lapsed into one of the other realities that exist there, perhaps one is more dominant than the others and that is the one into which the people vanish." He looked like he had given it quite a bit of thought, perhaps even research. "It is likely that the reality in question is one in which Hell is more dominant hence the creatures that the survivors describe. Precautions can be taken to prevent such lapses, the simple wearing of silver will, for example." Castiel doesn't gesture when he talks, he remains almost perfectly inhumanly still. "Of course the same material can be used to exterminate such monsters. It is not uncommon for things to slip through where dragon lines cross."

Dean just looks at him, but Sam can at least pretend to understand because Reigert tried to explain this to him, dragon lines are where universes cross, a perfectly normal fact of life, and where the dragon lines cross things can slip through, it might be where monsters come from, Sam thinks, and in that place where so many of them cross it's strong.

"so basically," Dean says, "you're saying it's fucked up from the left side down."

Castiel almost smiles, it's there at the corner of his mouth, a soft fondness and gentleness that the angel has for his brother, perhaps, Sam thinks, sitting directly under a bright and powerful lamp, bleaching away the Darkness, that it might be love. He doesn't like it but he is aware that this dislike is his own for now. "That," Castiel answers, "is a rather succinct way to describe it."

"and what do your superiors say about you helping us here?" Sam presses.

"I am to do everything in my power to protect Dean as the Righteous Man." Castiel answers with that same brevity. He doesn't waste words, this angel. "Nevertheless I do feel that simple protections might be worth taking advantage of. If this town is as dangerous as your research indicates then it would be foolish not to take precautions."

"Lots of hunters found this place a bust, Cas," Sam says, "I mean they found nothing."

"Which would be logical, if they were wearing such protections, surely it would prevent the universes leeching over them, if the anomaly does not manifest for them surely they would think that the stories were merely hearsay and describe it as a," he pauses, looking for the word, "bust."

"Makes sense," Dean says as the waitress puts the other two plates on the table with a tired smile, "hey, June," Dean always makes a point to learn and use the waitress' names, no matter where they are, "could I get a top up?" he grins at her and she does that flutter that girls always do when Dean grins at them, she mutters a no problem sugar, as she sashays off swinging her hips. She's not Dean's type, and he's in front of his, Sam hesitates at the word boyfriend, but Dean is still flirting. "You know what, I think we'll get a room in South Ashfield tonight."

***

Silent Hill looks suspiciously normal, it's a bright sunny day and there are people wandering down the streets of the old town, including a young woman pushing a stroller as she talks on her cell phone. It doesn't look like the town Sam has been to before, but he knows it is, he recognises the streets, the buildings, but without the fog it seems like it could be any town in America. Sam stops one of the walkers, this one is a young girl wearing a tee that reads, Vini, Vidi, Visa, to ask for directions to the lake, which she is happy to give him. She tells him the easiest way is to go straight down Bachman and he can't miss it, but she doesn't know why he wants to go there, all the interesting stuff is up here in Old Silent Hill. He tells her he has arranged to meet someone, she smiles and flirts with him a little, but Sam doesn't really care for her manner.

Toluca Lake is the one he remembers from the times he was there before, when Reigert cleared the fog from the observation deck so he could see, and what he saw from Alessa's window in the hospital, although he knows that the hospital is nowhere near. He found it on the map and it's on the other side of the town, but he can see the lighthouse clearly. He knows, knows, that Heather is there. The little girl said that when he asked, told him that she was waiting in the lighthouse. As far as he can tell the best way to get to the lighthouse is through the old Lakeside Amusement Park then crossing in a boat from the hotel beside it.

Lakeside Amusement Park has been abandoned for at least twenty years. It's gone to rot and rust, moss and mould growing over everything, but there is a metal statue of a pink rabbit with the paint flaking and there is a huge red rust stain around it's mouth making it look twisted and vampiric. Dean looks around, makes sure no one is there, before he shoots it in the head. In many ways Sam doesn't really blame him, the thing is freaky, and the Darklings are in the shadows cheering Dean on. If it was dark he thinks that the imps would surge over it and destroy it, they would ride the carousel and play, but it's daylight and they're not at their strongest, so instead they talk and heckle and cavort, just as disturbing as the rabbit, but invisible to most.

They end up crossing the lines of the old roller coaster and then jumping over the fence to Sandord Street before they steal the rowboat to take them to the lighthouse. "My brother is there." Castiel says quietly as they push the boat into the water, "I can feel him."

Sam can too, he can taste him, old incense and smudged gold leaf, but he's encountered this place's angel before. He runs the name that Castiel gave him before over his tongue, Valtiel. He remembers Dean saying that only an angel can kill an angel and wonders if it will come to that.

The lighthouse is like a spike in the lake, a small outcropping of land on the water, and the determined upthrust of what is a decorative folly. She's there, he knows, his Queen, and this close, he can feel her, and taste her on the air, under the rot, the taint, the wet stink of the lake, and the Darkness purrs with him, and it's hunger, for a second, flares white hot, and then recedes. "I wonder what she tastes like," Jessica whispers in the dark of his ear, but Sam already knows, she'll taste of corruption.

In his head, though he does not know what she looks like, she wears gold and lace, a fantasy outfit worthy of Ming's Princess Aura, but she has a hauteur that is her own. She will wear dresses made of spider lace so very fine that it will appear to be flowers, woven so tight that it tears the very rocks she crosses, her black hair fixed around a crown of elaborate wirework, perhaps the hair of furies studded with the eyes of the dark things that lurk in the shadows of Hell. She will be beautiful, and terrible as the twilight. She will be a seduction and a torture. She will be his Queen; the Boy King recognises this; The Darkness recognises this; Sam's opinion obviously doesn't matter.

He can see her so clearly, but does not know her face, and her name is something other people have given him, in Hell she will have a new name, he knows that, the Boy-King and demon blood and Darkness know that, but for now she's Heather. For now she's alone in the town- for seven years. He's coming, and he can feel it, like a red string tied between them, pulling tight.

When the three of them step into the lighthouse, through the broken door, the world changes, back to what Sam knows, fog behind and abandoned industrial ahead, and there, between Sam and his Queen is the dragon, the angel, Valtiel. He is running on instinct and if it was not for Castiel's hand on his shoulder Sam would have manifested in all his darkness to bring him down.

Valtiel is as corrupt as everything else in this town. He is naked apart from the leather butcher's apron and the sigil branded into his shoulder. His skin is raw fish grey streaked with black and old blood. His face has been removed, unmade with cuts, and the skin from his chest sewn over the wound in patches with large clumsy black stitches. His wings are absent, and his legs turned inwards so he is pigeon toed, but his toes are long since gone, leaving clubs of meat in the place of feet. His hands are similarly disfigured, the gaps between the fingers severed down almost to the wrist with surgical precision so he can retain their use. The back of his head is entirely skinless and a dull matted mess of old hair, scabs and pus. The smell of him is of blood and old sex.

"Brother," Castiel sounds forlorn, but Sam can see the short sword in his hand, chrome white and elegantly deadly. "Sam, Dean and I will deal with this, find the girl."

The angel does not roar or charge, he just stumbles towards them, and Sam skirts around him to the stairs, but he sees Castiel stabbing him through the heart in a single devoted motion. Then before the body falls he uses the point of it to gouge out his eyes, and catches the body, it is a clean quick motion of balletic grace. He kisses it on the forehead and murmurs something. Sam turns away to find Heather as the body is laid out for cremation. Sam knows this, it can't be left behind.

Jeremy gets to the door at the top before Sam does, pushing it open to the frenzied barking of a dog and then the de-de-de-de-de of machine gun fire, Jeremy slithers back to him, legs shot out from under him. "Boss, she's magnificent." he says and for the first time Sam sees Heather, the Boy King surveys his queen, in torn and stained jeans holding an uzi like she knows how to use it, and she is beautiful and powerful.

"Come any closer," she says, "and I'll riddle you too." Her voice is husky with disuse, "I'm not that low on ammo."

"I've come to rescue you." He says, pushing the darklings back into the shadows behind him, he doesn't want to upset her, the Darkness will protect him from the bullets, he can feel it curling over him like armour. "I've come to take you from this place."

Her laugh is dark and bitter. "I'm not a princess in the tower," she lowers the muzzle of the gun before hooking it on her belt, "I'll show you the way back to the main town, maybe you can find your way out there." She lifts the dog, a miniature chiba inu which is barking at him.

"I came here to rescue you." He maintains.

She looks him up and down, "I doubt you could rescue yourself from the bathroom." That's when Dean and Castiel finish the steps, the smell of burning pork behind them. Dean grins, punches Sam on the arm and tells him that she's a keeper, the inference being mostly because she can't stand him. Dean can't feel what Sam can though, that red string pulled taut, and the Boy King recognising the Queen prepared for him.