Changing for Tennis
by Emi Tsuruta

Ryosuke suggests I shower with him & Tsuyoshi at rec center.

One of the sports I played when I was in Oceanview was tennis. I think my then boyfriend Ryosuke was the one who suggested it. Ryosuke looks fairly sporty with his deep tan and muscular legs, but I don't think of him as a jock, not like some guys anyway. He did buy rackets, balls and tennis wear, and seemed fairly serious about getting better. My favorite sport is probably swimming, but I'd played tennis now and then growing up, and was happy to try again. At first, just Ryosuke and I played, but when we told some of our other friends we were playing, they wanted to come too, and join in.

My friend Yuko is a Japanese teaching assistant at Oceanview U. She's tall and kind of wild looking--dark eye liner, big bushy black hair. She used to work as a cosplay model in Japan. She came swimming, and I joined her aerobics class for a bit. She came to play tennis with us a few times, but didn't stick with it.

I think I probably first met Fujiko at the Japanese Student Union. You maybe don't notice it at first, but she is actually quite muscular for a woman. She claims guys write her off as a tomboy, but she does have kind of a cute face with rabbit teeth. When she came to play, we found out that she was working as a tennis coach for children, and was a really good player. She was hunting for a western boyfriend, so I introduced her to my Chinese American swimmer friend Winston, and she ended up moving into Winston's frat. She became one of the main stays of our little tennis circle.

After we lost Yuko, Ryosuke brought this guy named Tsuyoshi to join us. I didn't know quite what to make of him at first. He's a handsome guy, tallish, fit, neatly trimmed black hair, lively eyes. He could get himself a girlfriend I'm sure, but he never talked about girls. He didn't talk much at all actually. I tried to draw him out, ask him questions, but he was remarkably self-effacing, always trying to stay in the background, even though he was probably the best tennis player of all of us. After a while, I got used to it, and just kind of accepted him as shy or whatever. He did seem like a nice guy from what I knew of him.

That first summer, we started playing in this big grassy park near my home stay house. I'd usually get changed into my tennis outfit--a white tank top and mini-skirt--at home, and then walk to the park from there. Fujiko tends to dress in more boyish outfits: long sweatpants and high-necked t-shirts. Ryosuke got a kick out of the way I dressed, but Tsuyoshi was more circumspect, not really commenting. My skirt was kind of short, and kept flipping up whenever I ran to return a shot. I started out wearing shorties underneath, but once the weather got hotter, I switched to just wearing panties. I felt kind of self-conscious, but sometimes Ryosuke would get so wrapped up in trying to sneak a peek at my undies that he would forget about the ball, and miss his shot. It was kind of funny really.

Once school started in September, I had to wear my street clothes, and bring my tennis outfit with me in my bag. Fujiko and the boys would just pull off their sweatshirts, and start playing right away, but I'd usually go around the corner to the washrooms, and get changed there. The door on the girls' washroom was jammed open, so at first, I got changed in a stall.

One problem though was that there were no showers in the washroom. Most of the time I'd come straight home after we finished playing to wash up. One time though, Ryosuke and I had arranged to meet friends right after tennis, so I had to get cleaned up right there at the park. I ended up stripping out of my tennis outfit, and giving myself a sponge bath at the sink. This American girl came in, and found me in my undies. That was kind of embarrassing, but she didn't really say anything, so I guess it wasn't that bad.

However, this other time when we got there, there were a bunch of guys just next to the tennis courts having water pistol fights. I guess I noticed them, but for some reason, it didn't click immediately that they'd be buzzing around. I went into the girls side, and started to unbutton my blouse by the mirrors, but for some reason, this guy came right in to the girls washroom, obviously planning to refill his water pistol. I pulled my blouse back around to cover up my bra, but he'd seen me, and gave me the funniest look. I guess it could have been a lot worse. I'd been planning to strip right there. I ended up going into a stall, and getting changed there.

In the autumn, as the weather got cooler though, fewer and fewer people came to the park, so I didn't have to worry so much about people coming in and finding me. Slowly, I started getting a bit more daring, checking carefully to see if anyone was around, and changing by the mirrors in view of the open door, if the coast looked clear.

On this one day in particular, I was in a really funny mood. I stripped buck naked, but pulled my tennis shoes back on, and came out to the door to take a peek outside. The wind was blowing in the trees, and there didn't seem to be anyone around. I don't know what got into me that day, but I kept inching forward peering back and forth. Before I knew it, I'd stepped right out the door standing here naked in the bright sunlight. Part of me wanted to call Ryosuke to show him how brave I could be. I crept down to the corner, and peeked around, but there were a whole bunch of tennis players on the courts, so I got scared, and dashed back to the washroom before they saw me.

I was so excited though. It took me the longest time to calm back down. Even after I got dressed, and started playing, I still felt so worked up. Unfortunately, Ryosuke never quite twigged to how I was feeling, so we just ended up going out to supper with Tsuyoshi.

In the winter, we switched to playing indoors in a community center downtown. It was kind of a strange place. It was free to play there, but it was in kind of a bad neighborhood, and there never seemed to be much of anyone around. They had change rooms and showers downstairs, but the staff didn't really seem too keen on unlocking the doors for us. There were two different clerks depending on the week: a perky blonde woman, an athlete I guess, and a young white guy who wore a hat and baggy hip hop pants, a b-boy maybe. The girl was nice enough, but kind of off in her own world. This guy was always nice to me, but he didn't seem as fond of Ryosuke and Tsuyoshi for some reason.

Ryosuke finally managed to talk the girl into unlocking the doors, but whenever we went down, only the guys' side would be open. Fujiko usually had to rush off to work anyway, but I would come back up, and look around for the girl, but I could never seem to find her. Most of the time, I'd change in the washroom, and wait till I got home to shower.

One day though, both Fujiko and Tsuyoshi left early, so it was just Ryosuke and I. We went downstairs, and as usual, just the guys' side was open. Ryosuke invited me to come in with him. I felt a little bit nervous, but I went in. It was not that bad--clean and more or less the same as the girls' locker room, except the layout was the other way around. I had a shower in the stall next to Ryosuke. He wanted to do more, but I was too nervous, worried that someone might come. We ended up getting dressed, and going back to his home stay, and hanging out there.

Over the Christmas break, the center was closed, but in January, we started up again. Fujiko smiled when she saw me, and even the stoic Tsuyoshi seemed happy to see us again. Even though it was winter, it got fairly hot in the community center especially after we started playing. Four o'clock rolled around, Fujiko left, and Ryosuke and Tsuyoshi headed down to shower. As usual, the door to the girls' change room was locked. Tsuyoshi went straight into the guys', but Ryosuke waited a minute to see what I wanted to do.

"Can you go ask the girl to unlock the door to the girls' side?" I asked. He ran upstairs, but soon he was back. "What did she say?"

"No luck. She's disappeared again."

I pouted, not really wanting to go out into the cold all sweaty.

"You could shower with us," Ryosuke suggested.

"But Tsuyoshi's here," I noted.

"I'm sure he wouldn't mind," Ryosuke grinned. "You've been to co-ed baths in Japan. It'd be just like that."

There are indeed co-ed baths in Japan way up in the mountains far from the hustle-bustle of the city. Ryosuke and I had been, but it was hardly the same thing! This was in town, and in America, where people view things differently. Tsuyoshi would surely find it weird, and if any American guys walked in, and found me naked in the guys' showers, they'd freak for sure.

"Come on. It's no big deal." Ryosuke took my hand, and motioned for me to follow him in. Luckily, there was no one else in the change room, but we could hear the shower from around the corner.

"Tsuyoshi, do you mind if Emi comes in, and showers with us?" Ryosuke called out. We heard something drop to the floor (soap?), and then there was an awkward silence. Eventually, Tsuyoshi spoke up.

"Oh, can't she use the girls' side?" He sounded nervous. I was glad I wasn't the only one who found this weird.

"Maybe I'd better go," I whispered, trying to pull free. Ryosuke held my hand, not letting me leave.

"Don't worry. It'll be alright," he whispered back. "The girls' side is locked. Can she come in? She really wants to shower off."

"Um..." I'm sure Tsuyoshi was wondering what on earth Ryosuke was intending. Even I didn't know where he was going with this.

"I guess," Tsuyoshi finally granted. I managed to break free from Ryosuke's grip, but he kept pointing for me to go in. I knew it was a crazy idea. Still, I did want to get cleaned up. I stood there wavering, while Ryosuke kept motioning for me to come in.

Eventually, I got up my nerve, and walked into the shower area. Tsuyoshi was in one of the stalls--naked--showering off. Each stall was wide open with no curtain or anything, just open space. Tsuyoshi turned his head to look at me, but kept his body turned away hiding his penis. He has a nice body, fit and toned, clear skin, fairly hairless and tanned even his back and legs. I walked past him down to the door that led out to the swimming pool. Ryosuke came in after me, watching to see what I would do.

"Here. Don't watch. Shower yourself," I told him. I was still worried about Tsuyoshi. Ryosuke eventually stripped down, and got into one of the showers. My face flushed hot as I slowly started stripping out of my tennis whites. I felt so embarrassed. I'd only known Tsuyoshi for four or five months. He'd never seen me naked before. This was my first time seeing him naked too.

Once I was all undressed, I dashed across to one of the showers. Ryosuke peeked around the corner at me flashing me this big grin. I was so nervous though, what with Tsuyoshi right there just a few stalls away. With the stalls all open like this, there was barely no real place to hide.

I turned on the shower, and got it to the right temperature. I squirted out some soap, and rubbed it on my body. Soon, I noticed Tsuyoshi had come out, pulled on some trunks, and was drying off in the alcove across from where I was showering. He wasn't staring at me exactly, but he was right there just behind me, and could see my bare behind. He didn't make a big deal though, just quietly went about his business, drying off and getting dressed.

I wasn't sure what I should do. It did feel weird standing here naked with him right there watching, but on the other hand, he wasn't making a fuss, so maybe I shouldn't either. I was starting to get excited though, just from the embarrassment. It is hard to explain why, but I do get this way every time I'm naked in front of some hunky guy no matter who it is.

Anyway, eventually, he left, so I could dry off, and get dressed myself. The whole thing felt so weird really.

The next week, we were back there again, and when we finished playing, Fujiko rushed off again. Ryosuke beckoned for me to come into the guys' shower. I gave him a peeved look, but ended up following him in. The three of us had showered together once without anything bad happening. It still felt strange, but I wasn't quite as tense this time.

I cautiously stripped out of my tennis outfit and undies, and rushed into a shower stall, trying not to let Tsuyoshi see me. I was so excited though. At first. it was just us three. As I started showering, I suddenly heard someone else come in. My heart almost skipped a beat as a voice rang out into the shower area.

"We're closing at five!"

I recognized the voice. It was the hip hop guy. Ryosuke peered around the corner at me, making a mock-horrified face, teasing me. He finally answered.

"OK, we're almost done."

I was so hoping the guy would go away, but instead, he came right over to the entrance to the shower area. Panicking, I pressed my body against the wall trying to hide.

"How many of you are there?" the staffer asked. Oh god. Had he seen me come in?

"Just the two of us," Ryosuke assured him, nodding towards Tsuyoshi. The guy just stood there for the longest time, but eventually, turned, and went back to the change room.

"OK. Anyway, hurry up. I have to lock up soon."

When I heard him leave, I breathed a deep sigh of relief. Tsuyoshi glanced around the partition at me, chuckling. I motioned for him not to peek, but to tell you the truth, I was just glad the staffer hadn't found me. That would have been embarrassing. This time, while Tsuyoshi was getting dressed, I dashed across to the hall that led to the pool, giving him a peek at my bare bottom in the process. Ryosuke grinned at my show of daring.

I guess I should have taken this close call as a warning, but the next week, I followed Ryosuke into the guys' shower again. The first couple times, I'd been too tense to really enjoy it, but now that I knew what to expect, I felt a bit more relaxed. As usual, I waited for the guys to strip down, and get into their showers before getting undressed myself. Once I was naked, I dabbed at my eyelashes, wondering if my make up was running. I came back out, trying to sneak past Tsuyoshi. He noticed, though, and asked,

"Where are you going?"

"I just have to check something in the mirror," I blushed as I tiptoed past him. He rolled his eyes, but didn't complain. I went over to the sinks, but before long, I heard the hip hop guy coming this way. I dashed into one of the stalls to hide.

"It's almost five," he called out. Worried that he would see my feet, I climbed up on top of the toilet, holding my breath. He hovered there for the longest time, pushing Ryosuke and Tsuyoshi to hurry up. My heart was pounding in my chest, so loud I worried that he might hear. Eventually though, he left. Tsuyoshi and Ryosuke were both grinning when I came back. I blushed, but I walked right past them, letting them see my pussy and breasts. I was so excited.

"You should have given him a peek," Ryosuke teased. Tsuyoshi chuckled. I was just glad that the guy hadn't found me. That was a bit too close.

I finally went into one of the showers, and turned it on. Ryosuke came over, naked himself, and looked me up and down. I motioned for him to shoo. Tsuyoshi was right there, but Ryosuke seemed horny now. His you know what was standing right up. Eventually, though, I convinced him to go back to his own stall, and be good. All this was pretty exciting.

Soon it was March. The center was still fairly deserted, just us and the hip-hop guy most days, but I guess we all knew that come April, it would get more crowded again. I'd gotten so used to showering with Tsuyoshi here though, that I didn't even bother to cover up anymore. He and Ryosuke would pull their shorts on, but I'd just come out into the change room naked, and dry myself off letting them watch. Ryosuke was grinning ear to ear, excited by my daring. Tsuyoshi scrunched up his nose, pretending not to approve, but when he finally spoke, he asked something else.

"Say, do you guys play ping pong at all?"

Ryosuke nodded.

"Um, yeah," I admitted. "A little. Why?"

"There is a ping pong table out by the entrance there. I brought some rackets and a ball, if you want to play a game or two."

"Um, sure, OK," I agreed. I moved to get my clothes, but Ryosuke held up his hand signaling for me to stop.

"Oh, Emi. Don't get dressed. Just pull on your shoes, and go naked like that!"

Now it was true that I had kind of gotten used to this situation, showering naked with Tsuyoshi here. Granted, he would sneak the occasional peek at my naughty bits, but he never made any cracks, never complained at all, just kind of played it cool as if it wasn't a big deal. I guess up until then, we'd kind of maintained this fiction that bathing together was something people do, like the co-ed baths in Japan. But walking out naked into the center? That would be taking things to a whole new level.

"What about the hip hop guy?" I pointed out.

"He's usually in the back there somewhere. I'll go check." Ryosuke pulled on a t-shirt, and went out into the hall, but soon came back. "No sign of him. Come on. Let's try."

I still had my towel, and was vaguely holding it in front of me, not quite covering up, but shielding my pussy at least. I looked at Tsuyoshi, wondering what he thought of Ryosuke's crazy suggestion. I knew that rationally the idea didn't make any sense. Why should I be naked? Tsuyoshi though just continued to dress, pulling on his shirt and socks, calm as ever. It did strike me as a possibility that Tsuyoshi does indeed like me, in a sexual way I mean, but really the only way he showed it was in setting time aside to come play with us week after week. He's apparently pretty busy with work, and plays tennis with other strong players, but he still came and played with us, even though we are worse players than he is.

I have to say that Tsuyoshi's exaggerated diffidence did make me want to tease him. I mean how could any guy see me naked and not be affected? It didn't make any sense. Just to tease both of them, I set down my towel, sat down on the bench, and pulled on my white socks and tennis shoes. Ryosuke seemed delighted, and even stoic Tsuyoshi did seem surprised I was so game.

Once I got my shoelaces tied, I got up, and walked over to the door. Both of them were staring at me, at my ass, wondering if I actually meant to do it. I did feel nervous. My heart was pounding away in my chest, but I have to say the thought of going out there naked did intrigue me. It is kind of fun seeing people's reactions whenever I do something like this.

I cautiously pushed the door opened, and peered out into the hall. I couldn't see much, but it did sound pretty quiet. Maybe the hip hop guy really was in his office. I looked up at the clock, and we did still have time before he would come lock the doors.

Normally, I try to be level-headed, do the right thing, but I have to admit these little shower sessions did get me excited. Both Ryosuke and Tsuyoshi are handsome guys, and there was something special about having them both here while I was doing all this stuff.

Making up my mind, I pressed the door open, and stepped out into the hall, scanning for any sign of the hip hop guy. Ryosuke came over, and Tsuyoshi brought the ping pong stuff. I didn't know if we'd have time to play a game, but it did look like they were serious.

Egged on by Ryosuke, I cautiously walked down the hall, sticking close to the wall, so I could hide if the hip hop guy popped out. I looked down at my naked body. My breasts had perked right up from the excitement. My black pubic hair was still a bit wet from my shower. Ryosuke scratched his temple, evidently nervous. Tsuyoshi just looked confused, wondering what on earth I was up to. Wandering around out here naked was pretty exciting, let me tell you.

I made it all the way to the front entrance. There did seem to be people going by out on the street, but surely no one would come in at this hour. The front desk was deserted. The hip hop guy was nowhere to be found just as Ryosuke had said.

The ping pong table was just on the other side of the entrance. Tsuyoshi lent me a racket, but the clacking of the ball made a horrible racket, making me worried that the hip hop guy would come out of his office. I signaled for Ryosuke and Tsuyoshi to keep it down, but Ryosuke had got out his phone, and was videoing my naked body. All three of us were pretty darn excited to say the least. I tried to focus, but I was finding it hard to keep my cool. My hello kitty was tingling away like crazy, getting me all worked up.

Tsuyoshi missed a shot, and the ball bounced over into the entrance way. I motioned for Ryosuke to get it, but he was too busy fooling with his phone trying to video me. I cautiously stepped out into the entrance, somewhat dazzled by the sunlight pouring in through the front glass doors. I was so worried that the hip hop guy would come, but Ryosuke kept motioning for me to go to the doors, and stand in the light. We found the ball spinning, but Ryosuke opened the door, letting it escape outside, and fall even further down the stairs closer to the street. He nodded for me to follow.

"You can't be serious!" I pleaded.

"There's no one out there. The street is deserted."

This was so ludicrous all I could do was laugh. The street out front is not a major one, but we were right downtown, and it was getting near time for rush hour. At the very least, the drivers in the cars going by would see me.

I looked to Tsuyoshi for support, but he just shrugged, seemingly amazed I'd come out here naked in the first place. He seemed genuinely aroused for once, a little tent forming at the front of his gym shorts.

Ryosuke isn't always the bravest, but that day, he seemed firmly committed to pushing me further. He held out his hand, nodding for me to take it. I really didn't want to go outside naked like this, but it was kind of strange to start objecting now, standing out here in the entrance in view of the street. I took his hand, but tried to pull him to come back, but instead he led me outside, nodding for me to go get the ping pong ball.

I tried to put on a brave face, but inside I was terrified. I scampered down the steps, and tried to stop the ball from falling any further. I suppose it was true that none of the cars going by was slowing down to look at me, but surely the drivers could see me. I never understood how people can just drive on by like that. You think at least they'd stop, and ask me if I was alright. More cars came, but eventually, I managed to corner the ball, and scampered back up the steps to safety.

I was so excited though I was just kind of blanking out, standing here trying to keep from coming as all these sensations coursed through my body. I'd kind of gone past the point of no return now, my inhibitions gone. All I could think about was how horny I was. Ryosuke and Tsuyoshi were just kind of staring at me in awe, seemingly pretty excited themselves.

"I need a drink," I finally got out.

"Um, there is a vending machine down this hall," Ryosuke pointed out. I could tell from his expression he was starting to worry about the time. The three of us set out down the hall, and he fed some coins into the machine, so I could get a bottle of water.

"Here. I'd better go get your clothes," he whispered to me. I have to say at the time, I wasn't so concerned, but looking back, that was the safest thing to do. He ran off down the hall leaving me alone with Tsuyoshi. I stood facing him, letting him see my bush and my breasts, but he still seemed reluctant to comment on my body.

"Nice weather for March," I joked. It was fairly warm that day.

We heard voices coming from back near the entrance. Tsuyoshi motioned for me to hide in this alcove, and we listened. It sounded like the hip hop guy was all in a rush to lock up as usual.

"We still have to get our stuff," Ryosuke argued back.

"Well, hurry up then. It's almost time."

Tsuyoshi motioned that we should go, but when we got to the corner, he peeked out, and signaled that the hip hop guy was standing right there! I was still really horny, not fully myself, but Tsuyoshi pointed that I should hide in a doorway again, while he went to help Ryosuke fetch all our stuff. Soon, he was gone, and I was alone, standing here buck naked, sipping water from a bottle, actually kind of enjoying the naughtiness of it all.

Left to my own thoughts, I even started wondering what all the big deal was. So what if this hip hop guy sees me naked? It's pretty clear he likes me, so he'd probably get a real kick to see me like this. I went down to the corner, and kept toying with the idea of stepping out into the lobby and showing him. Soon, though, Ryosuke and Tsuyoshi came back, before I did anything rash.

"Here. Put these on," Ryosuke whispered, all in a rush now to see me back dressed. I felt a bit disappointed, but I did as I was told, and soon I was decent again. The guys were still off kilter from the excitement, so we said goodbye to Tsuyoshi. Ryosuke took me home, making sure I didn't do anything else crazy on the way.

Eventually, spring rolled around, and we started to see more people buzzing around the community center. Then one day after tennis when we went down to the guys' showers, I could hear voices on the other side of the door that led to the pool. Ryosuke came over, and pushed the door open, and sure enough there were all these swimmers there for some kind of class. I looked at him all worried. So far, we'd more or less had the change room to ourselves, but this time, these guys could come in at any moment.

"The class probably doesn't end for a while yet," Ryosuke tried to reassure me. This was just plain silly, because we both knew that the hip hop guy came to lock the change room at 5. Ryosuke and I gazed at each other wondering what to do. Tsuyoshi had already started showering.

"Maybe if I just hurry," I said trying to convince myself. "Like before they come I mean."

Ryosuke looked at me, and finally shrugged for me to go ahead. I guess we both knew it was crazy, but for some reason, I took the chance to see if we could get away with it. My heart sped up. I was getting so excited undressing right next to the pool with all these strange guys just on the other side of the door.

Almost as soon as I'd stripped out of my clothes though, the door to the pool opened, and a couple of guys, maybe brothers, came in. They stared straight at me! I felt so embarrassed, but I just stood there blinking at them in shock. Even so, they looked pretty shocked too.

I dashed over to the corner shower as quick as I could to hide. They headed over to the change rooms, but minutes later, one of them came back, staring in wide-eyed wonder at me as I showered. He seemed fascinated. I guess he'd never seen a naked girl in the guys' showers before. I felt horribly self-conscious, as if I'd corrupted this poor innocent, but luckily soon, his brother came to fetch him. The brother didn't even glance at me, perhaps not approving of my being here. I felt pretty strange myself, let me tell you. I hurried to shower off, so I could get back dressed.

Before I could though, I heard the excited voices of swimmers come rushing in. I stayed hidden behind the partition, but unfortunately, one of them grabbed this hose from across the hall, and started spraying his friends with it. I knew they were just monkeying around, but the water was spraying dangerously close to where my clothes were lying on the floor.

"Hey!" I called out, not really thinking. They peered over at me, obviously shocked to find me naked. One guy became so flustered he lowered the hose spraying the water ever closer to my clothes. "Watch! Watch!" I squealed pointing at my clothes. The two of them were too awestruck to worry about the water, so I finally dashed out, gathered up my clothes and bag, and ran off to the change room.

Where did Ryosuke get to? He was right here a second ago. The brothers looked up as I rushed past the end of their row of lockers. There were some other guys in the next row, who I guess hadn't noticed me when they came in. Even in the last row, there was no sign of Ryosuke or Tsuyoshi. When I turned to look back, virtually all the guys had come out to stare at me, standing here naked, my clothes cradled in my arms.

I felt so strange. I knew I should be afraid, but for some reason, my whole body was tingling with excitement. Still, I couldn't just stand here. It suddenly struck me that if they had a swimming class, surely the girls' shower room must be open too. I'd gotten so used to using the guys' side I hadn't even bothered to check. Clutching my clothes in my hands, I crept over toward the door while the guys all looked on in astonishment. I peeked out. There didn't seem to be much of anyone out in the hall.

I knew I was taking a chance, but rather than go back, and face all these guys, I stepped out into the hallway, and tiptoed down the hall to the entrance to the girls' change room. I didn't see anyone in the hall, but there was light streaming in from the glass doors at the top of the stairs. Some of the guys had come out to see where I had gone, so I dashed into the girls' change room, relieved to be safe at last.

I could hear women's voices coming from the showers, but luckily there wasn't anyone sitting by the first row of lockers. I set down my clothes on the bench, but I was so excited after my close call. I could hardly believe I'd just flashed all those guys. Lord. What must they think? They probably thought I was crazy or some kind of nympho or something. But heavens that was exciting.

I knew I should get back dressed, but I was so worked up it wasn't even funny anymore. I looked in my bag for my towel, but suddenly realized I must have left it back in the guys' locker room. My head was spinning. Should I go back, and get it? No, that would be too crazy. I'd better call Ryosuke.

"Hey," I whispered shyly into my smartphone.

"Where'd you go?" he asked.

"Where did you go?" I asked back.

"I was in the washroom. When I came back, you were gone."

"I wasn't about to stay there with all those guys staring at me."

"Why not? They seemed to get a kick out of it. They're still talking about you!"

I sniffed out an embarrassed laugh.

"Anyway, can you bring me my towel?"

"Where is it?"

"Hanging from the partition on the last shower, I think."

Minutes later, I heard him calling to me from the door to the women's change room. Still, in a frisky mood, I walked out naked to meet him. He gave me this big toothy grin.

"Wooow! Look at you! You look gorgeous."

"Here, just give me my towel."

He held it from me for a second puckering his lips to signal he wanted a kiss. I leaned forward, peering this way and that to make sure no one was coming, and then got up on my tip toes to give him a quick peck on the cheek. He got all excited though, grabbed my arm, and pulled me closer to give me more of a proper kiss. He is a good kisser, and I was plenty excited, standing here naked in the hall, being kissed by him. I was kind of worried about getting caught now though. We could hear voices everywhere, from the women's change room behind me, and the guys who'd seen me before back down the hall.

Ryosuke dropped the towel, and started kissing me on my neck and shoulders, but frightened, I pulled back.

"Oh come on, Emi. Don't be like that," he cooed softly, a wicked gleam in his eye. "Come out here where I can see you," he insisted.

I was horny, sure, but I was starting to worry that someone would come find us fooling around out here. I reluctantly move forward into the center of the hall, letting Ryosuke look me up and down. He ran a finger down my back sending shivers up my spine, but I was too nervous. I clutched his arm trying to pull him back towards the door to the women's change room at least. He placed my hand on his crotch, showing me how hard he was, but even so, we couldn't very well make love out in the open like this. I signaled I should go get dressed. He looked so disappointed, but I think he understood we needed to find some place more private. He let me go, and once I was dressed, we said goodbye to Tsuyoshi, and headed to Ryosuke's place, for some intense love-making.

That was a harrowing day, but looking back, pretty fun.

Emi Tsuruta
