The Bachelorette
by SearchingDOM

The Bachelorette Pt. 01

What men don't know, shouldn't hurt them.

I have lived in a city that lives on the sins of man for 29 years now, and I have seen things that would curl your toes. This story is about a Bachelorette party, a bride to be and two bridesmaids, having an adventure before the big day. I was asked to set up this wild night out for the three of them, so they would have a night they would never forget. So, I did just that, but before I tell you about that night, let me explain how I set these things up.

Primarily, everyone has an opinion of what would be called a "Wild Night." Some people live very conservative lives with very vanilla views of what they would do themselves to push the envelope. Others live very liberal and wild existences and would have no problem participating in the most daring of activities. Then you have the people who grew up in an extremely tight bubble, and once they are left to discover the world, they go all the way. This night was a bride to be from the Midwest and two of her bridesmaids, who after meeting them, showed me they led very sheltered and structured lives.

The normal way to proceed with something like this is to send out a questionnaire to all persons involved. It could be a disaster if you don't seek out the limits and comfort level of everyone. I sent one each to Kathy (bride), and to Cindy and Karen (bridesmaids).

The questionnaires and their answers went like this:

"Answer questions with a (Y) for yes, (N) for no, and (M) for maybe

Body exposure.

Minor exposure: Y

Public Flashing: Y

Private nudity: Y

Public Nudity: Y

Touching.

Minor w/hand: Y

Major w/hand: Y

Minor w/toy Y

Major w/toy Y

Sexual Stimuli.

Minor: Y

Major: Y

Masturbation: Y

Consensual sex.

Oral: Y

Vaginal Y

Anal M

Non-Consensual sex

Oral: Y

Vaginal Y

Anal M

Humiliation:

None M

Medium M

Major N

Which word mostly describes how you want you evening.

Sultry, Slutty, Whorish?

Slutty to Whorish

Special Comments: "I am game for almost everything as long as no one gets hurt or is jailed."

Armed with these answers the planning process was initiated. We traded a few more emails over the week to insure everything was to her liking, without giving her any specific details. We branded this her "Bachelorette Slut Night," and it lived up to its name and more. Her and her friends were coming in on a Wednesday night, and her night I planned was for Friday. I planned to meet them at their hotel in Thursday morning to go shopping for their dresses for the night. I had previously informed them to bring nice shoes that they could walk in, sexy panties, and purses they could easily carry over the shoulder. They would not need a bra due to the type of dresses they would be wearing.

Thursday late morning I met all three girls. They were each wearing shorts and tees expecting to be trying on different clothes that day. We went to a local dress store and started browsing the isles. I took Cathy with me while Cindy and Karen went off shopping by themselves. The only instructions were to find a summer dress that was near mid-thigh, and with spaghetti straps. Cathy's dress was to be a button up the front dress and a bit shorter than the others. The dress we chose for her was shorter than she normally wore, but she did not seem to mind one bit. After shopping we went for a light lunch and went over the instruction for Friday night.

The rules for the night are as follows.

1) Having read your answers to the questionnaires I know what you will and won't do, so all my instructions are to be followed.

2) NO ONE will be reckless on this night with me. Safe sex practices are to be always followed, and no risky behavior is to be attempted.

3) Just because you are not aware of your surroundings and risk levels in those places, doesn't mean that I don't. The idea is for you to feel like you're doing something risky and naughty, and still have a little fear of being caught. This anticipation and fears help with the foreplay and sexual excitement.

4) If at any time you (the bride) feel I am leading you to do something you don't want to, or feel it is too risky, you and your bridesmaids can vote to stop what we're doing, and we figure things out from there.

All agreed to the rules I set out and we went our separate ways. I reminded them to get some sleep Friday afternoon as they would be up for most of the night. We all said our goodbyes and I instructed them where and what time the driver would be picking them up. All the preparations were made, and the night was planned out to the letter. These girls were going to have a lifelong memory, and some secrets to keep from their husbands or boyfriends. The next morning, I had a box delivered to Cathy's room, enclosed were three sashes each 5-inches wide that went from right shoulder to left hip. The first one read in large letters "Bride to Be" and below that it read "But Slut Tonight," and the other two simply said "Just Another Slut." A note instructed them that they were required to wear them all night, no matter what.


The Bachelorette Pt. 02

A night of perversion and debauchery

Friday night arrived and I was in the back of the car when they were picked up. It was dark about an hour past sunset when I decided to test all three of them. I unbuttoned Cathy's dress at the top and slide the straps down her arms making her naked from the waist up. Cindy and Karen wore dresses with zippers in the back, so I unzipped them far enough to do the same to them. I opened the sunroof and instructed them to stand up and ride with their tits exposed to the world. They had no problem doing so, and I realized they were enjoying the whole escapade. While they were standing out of the sunroof, I unzipped Cindy's and Karen's to the point where the dresses fell to the floor. I unbuttoned Cathy to accomplish the same, and all three were in just panties sticking out of the sunroof of the car just two blocks from the busiest street in town on a Friday night. Again, they acted like they were enjoying the whole thing.

I pulled each one back into the car to sit on one of the two bench seats that face each other, Cindy and Karen directly opposite where I sat and Cathy next to me. Out of my bag I pulled three sets of "sheer to the waist pantyhose," one in each of the girls' sizes. I instructed them to remove their panties, put the pantyhose on but only pull them up to just below the knee, which they did wondering why. Then I told all of them to spread their knees and use their fingers to expose their clits to me. Of course, they did so, as I pulled a jar of Vaseline from my bag and thoroughly lubricated their clits and pussy's. They enjoyed the feeling of a man's fingers rubbing them there, but they were not to have fun just yet. That is when I removed three remote control vibrators and showed them to the girls.

These are not normal vibrators so let me explain. They are in the shape of an "L" except the bottom part curves upward and there is a spring inside that pulls that part of it up to the main body of it. The vertical part of the "L" shape is quite bulbous on top and narrows towards the bottom. The horizontal part curves up to a mostly flat part. Once inserted the bulbous part keeps it inside while the lower part is drawn up by the spring to be tight against the clit. I'm told it is a real joy from women who have worn them.

After inserting one in each girl, I instructed them to pull the pantyhose up tight and get redressed without panties. I instructed Cathy to leave the top button on her low "V" cut dress undone so that she would show a lot of cleavage any time she leaned forward. I had Cathy then kneel in front of me while I pulled out my cock and put it in her mouth. Not knowing why, she just thought I was just horny, but I had ulterior motives. She dutifully sucked my cock and at the last moment I pulled out and painted her face and hair with my cum. We moved to the other girls and told her to use her finger to transfer some onto her friends faces, but she was not to clean herself up. She did a wonderful job putting it in their hair, on their chins and corners of their mouths, it appeared like each had sucked someone off. A minute later we arrived at our next destination, just as the girls were putting their sashes back on, it was a strip club I have frequented in the past.

I had arranged for a half round booth for us, and a dancer (Jewel) I knew well to join us after her stage performance. As the girls watched the dancers, I turned on the remote vibrators, and watching them fidget as they buzzed inside them as it was pure enjoyment for me, and for them, I am sure. Jewels timing was perfect as she came and sat with us just as Cindy was reaching her first orgasm of the night. After the wave of pleasure washed through her body came a wave of shame and humiliation took its place. Making all of it worse Jewel asked her about her "Special Skin Cream" that was on her face, not really needing an answer. As I planned, dancers stopped by our table to help humiliate Cathy and friends even as they would orgasm as the dancers were talking to them. Three girls trying to hide the fact that they are Cumming in front of strangers in a topless bar, grabbing their crotches as they did so. Having a good start to a slutty evening, I turned off the vibes and let them recover a bit before getting them out to the car for the next adventure.

Our next stop was a seedy bar in the southeast part of town, which had a barmaid I knew ready to help. I often use this place for sex play and humiliation purposes, and the regular patrons knew what was about to take place. Sexual activity often takes place in this bar at night, as it attaches to an unlicensed area that is a different business, but with an inside doorway connecting the two. We all took a seat on the rear side of the bar, and I made sure they all had potent drinks. As we enjoyed our drinks, I explained to the girls that Dancing was next on the list for them. They were apprehensive to say the least being in a bar with around 15 Men and four women, but the ice was melting on that front. A woman I know as Maggie came up behind me and out her hand on Karen's shoulder and asked if she could take her to clean her up.

Now Maggie loves other women, especially young cute ones, and wouldn't even look at a cock if she weren't sure it would lead to her having a young pussy afterwards. I knew she would wash the cum off her and replace it with her own, so I turned Karen's vibrator on high and told her to go with Maggie. Most older bars in the city served food at one time, so many have old kitchens right off the bar, and this one is no different. Maggie escorted Karen into the kitchen area behind us, and I proceeded to push the other two into dancing for the crowd. I stood and asked the entire bar if they wanted to see the girls dance, and a resounding applause followed. I made an announcement that the pantyhose must stay on the entire time, and everyone seemed all right with that. Hearing that they wouldn't be totally nude during the dances Cathy and Cindy agreed to try it after having another drink. The Men in the bar arranged chairs and tables around the pool table and got it the place ready for the entertainment.

As we got our fresh drinks, I went to check on Karen and Maggie, not that I was worried as Maggie has never hurt anyone in the past, but my curiosity peaked. I found Karen laying in her back on a stainless-steel counter with Maggie straddling her face pushing her pussy into Karen's mouth, while she was pushing and rubbing Karen's vibrator up, down, in, and out. Maggie was getting verbal in saying, "Make me cum you little whore, drink me up." Karen couldn't say anything, but she still moaned and groaned and was certainly enjoying herself. Knowing Karen was OK I turned to go back out to the bar when I heard Maggie having an orgasm and Karen was not far behind her. After I got back to the bar, Maggie came out of the kitchen with a huge smile, and there stood Karen holding herself up on the door jam, with her dress in hand, her face covered in womanly fluid, and needing assistance to walk. I walked her back to her spot at the bar still carrying her dress, heaving to try and catch her breath. Cindy helped her dress again telling me "I want some of whatever she had." I just snickered being sure Maggie would have her fun with all the girls before we left.

Karen was dressed once again, and we sat and enjoyed our drinks as the patrons gathered around the pool table with chairs and small tables set up in a circle around it. I could see the liquor was having its desired effect and the girls were talking lively about the dancing and what moves they should copy from the strip club. They decided they were ready, and Maggie paraded them towards the table like a mother duck leading her ducklings. As they approached one large patron would grab them by the waist, sit them on the pool table, and another woman would remove their shoes before they stood. The barmaid stood up next to the table with a large ice bucket and instructed the crowd that they would be showing their appreciation by filling the bucket with tips. One by one they started to dance next to one and other, starting to enjoy the prodding of the crowd, shaking their hips and asses like total sluts. Now I put the vibrators on a selection where it randomly changes from one speed and frequency to another, and each girl's face showed that it was working.

The barmaid motioned for me to come back to the bar, and we watched together as Cathy took the lead unbuttoning her dress as she danced. The others followed suit by unzipping their dresses. You know the way an amateur young woman does her best erotic striptease; it wasn't long before the dresses all laid on the table. As the patrons came forth to put money in the tip bucket, they would reach up and rub an ass or push in a vibrator and maul their tits. The barmaid told me that young girls stripping made her horny as she bent over the beer cooler shaking her ass. I didn't let that moment go by as I lifted her skirt, moved her panties to the side, and entered her from behind. As I fucked her, I reached around and unbuttoned her blouse and released her bra, freeing her wonderful tits for me to play with from behind. We enjoyed a slow rhythmic interlude as the girls danced and the patrons yelled, us lost in our own spectacular private moments in a bar full of people.

When my attention returned to the girls, I couldn't see any of them on the table and the crowd of patrons blocked my view of the floorspace. I walked over to find Cathy bent over one end of the table with her vibrator in her mouth, her pantyhose ripped and being fucked by one of the guys. Cindy was bent over the other end of the table, in the same predicament except her vibrator was sticking in her ass as another man fucked her. Karen was fucking a guy reverse cowgirl as he sat in a chair, with her vibrator just buzzing on the table next to her. Just as I got to them, Cindy screamed "Yes, yes, I'm. Cumming." After that Cathy pounded the pool table with her opened hand yelling, "Fuck me, fuck me, make me cum motherfucker." I looked over to Karen who was bouncing up and down on her cock of the moment with her hand in her pantyhose rubbing her clit. It was obvious none of them had any objections to the activities they were engage in, and as one man finished, they asked for the next to fuck them in his place. Two female patrons stripped and climbed up on the table shoving their pussies towards the girls faces, and they responded with eagerness licking them until they got their reward. I looked at the barmaid and said, "They wanted a slut night, and they're definitely acting like sluts tonight." Maggie took the barmaid by the hand and took her back to the beer cooler and proceeded to lick her clean and to another orgasm. I lost count of how many orgasms the girls had, but I can still hear their acclamations of ecstasy and approval. By the time two hours passed, the tip bucket was as full as it could be, and so were the girls pussies. After the patrons returned to their bar stools spent, the girls just lay there lacking the energy to get up, no less go clean themselves up. I enlisted the help of the female patrons to take the girls in the kitchen and clean them up, while I collected the vibrators and cleaned them in the restroom. When the girls returned you could see that they had the night of their lives, as they put their dresses and sashes back on.

Back at the car, the driver put down thick towels for the girls to sit on, so his seats didn't get ruined, and the girls climbed in, and they sat with their dress bottoms around their waists. They sat like Men, legs spread at the knees, head leaning back on the top of the seat, and not a care in the world that their pussies were on display to me and the driver. Then Karen asked, "Is that all for the night? Are we going back to the hotel"? I asked them all if they wanted to go back or continue with the night, and they all voted to go on further. I had one more place to go for the night, an adventure that would certainly drain them of any energy they may still possess. It was time to visit a special place, "Driver, take us to the park," I called out and the car started to move.

I had to make a few phone calls along the way to have the necessary people show up for the next part of the night, but the timing worked out perfect. We arrived about a half hour later, and the girls exited the car one by one, putting their shoes on and straightening their clothes. I led them to an area with five tennis courts all lit like it was mid-day and told them to go to the very last one. I had a brief call to make, and I joined them there, removing their dresses one, but re-sashing them by one and walking them up to the net. The net is tightly strung across the court with a steel cable in the top, covered by a vinyl sleeve. I placed each girl facing the net and tied their wrists to the part with the steel cable inside. I instructed them to take one step back and spread their legs, and as they did so could see their red and swollen pussy lips hanging between their legs. I knew this would be the activity that pushed them over the edge, as I planned it as a last result type activity.

The whole idea behind this was to not only use them as sluts, but to treat them that way, making them forget that they were young ladies just this afternoon. With a simple call out from me, nine hung men walked onto the court from the one next to it, wearing just tight shorts so the girls could see what awaited them. I swear I saw them all drooling and licking their lips, which convinced me this is what they needed to end the night. As the Men examined their sluts for the night I heard "Look at how this one's pussy is stretched and ruined," and "They've been fucked so much they must be just street whores." The only one who seemed bothered about being called a whore was Karen. She was the quietest of the bunch and seemed out of place with the other two. I walked up behind her and whispered in her ear, "Are you up for what is going to happen?" She responded with a nod and smiled at me, so I let the night continue.

The Men wasted no time stripping their shorts off and lining up to use the mouths of the three girls. Now from my experience in the car with Cathy, I could tell she sucked off Johnny behind the barn but did no serious cock sucking in her young life. Now they were going to experience real face fucking, and they couldn't back away tied to the net. The Men started slowly but soon picked up the pace to shoving their cocks down the throats of the girls. They gasped and chokes at first but quickly learned if they wanted to breath, they had to do it on the out stroke of the cock. Once hard one man said, "OK boys, let's try out those cunts." They moved behind the girls and three new cocks took their places in their mouths. Hard strokes from behind pushed the girls faces onto the cock in their mouths as they gasped, gulped, and choked.

Karen was the first to orgasm from the treatment they were getting, but all I heard was, "Mmmppph, gurgle, Mmmmm." When the first Men came, the second group left their warm mouths and took their place behind to continue the fucking, and the third group took their places in their mouths. The first three Men, as designed, walked up, and wiped their messy cocks clean with the hair of the girl they fucked. After the three-man train had run on each girl the men stood in front of them stroking themselves. The ground between the girl's legs was wet with men's and women's cum, plus their pussies were still dripping, and the drool ran down their chins.

After catching her breath, Cindy asked "Can't you mother fuckers do anymore? I still want to be fucked!" The first man walked around behind her and pushed three fingers inside her pussy and told her, "This stretched, and ruin thing isn't good for fucking anymore." Then he took one finger and pushed it in her ass saying, "You've only got one hole to fuck now girly" and she turned her head and said, "Well then Fuck It Baby." As he entered what I thought was a virgin ass, she kept taunting him, "I Can't feel you, are you inside me yet?" And with that he rammed all eight inches of himself inside her waiting asshole. The long high-pitched yelp that came out of her, and the smirk on her face, told me she had experience taking cock there. The next Men went up to Cathy and Karen and asked, "Do you two want to take us up your asses too?" Both girls nodded yes, and the men took their positions behind them and entered them with no mercy. Surprisingly to me Karen, the quiet one, was actively pushing back onto her man to get him just as deep as possible. These were not the country bumpkins I thought they were, they knew exactly what they wanted, and they kept taunting until they got it.

As the girls were having the anal invasion they asked for, I saw no reason for them to be bound, so I untied them each in turn and let them have their fun. The waiting Men were having a quiet discussion as they pointed towards the girls, and I knew only one thing was left for them to do. One by one they approached the girls on the same side as the man fucking them. Then first said to Cathy, "Time for you to take on two of us at the same time." He took her hand and she pulled off the man inside of her to follow him. He laid down and she mounted him immediately, looking back at the man that was just inside her bowels.

He came up and kneeled behind her saying "Now you're really going to get fucked bitch!" she just smirked and said, "What the fuck are you waiting for big boy? Stop the talking and start the fucking." Either due to peer pressure, or because of absolute lust, the other girls motioned for men to come around and join them in the same positions. Now I had three girls getting double penetrated on a tennis court, and the grunts and yipes filled my ears. Not to be left out, the last three Men walked up and inserted their cocks into the girls only open hole, their mouths. These girls, fucked, sucked, and showed No sign of being the sheltered girls they had acted to be, in fact they were very experienced in every act they participated in. Every man there, enjoyed every woman there, in every possible manner. By the time it was all over, all three girls were laying naked on the asphalt half passed out and mostly worn out.


The Bachelorette Pt. 03

The end, and new realizations

Now, if you haven't gotten lost in the adventures of these three girls this night, you might ask yourself, "Where was the driver throughout this night? Was he just waiting in the car?" Well, the answer is simply "NO." His job is to drive the car, but also be security for the girls all night, no matter where they are or what they are doing. No one singles out or even notices the guy in the crowd wearing normal work clothes, not even when he is video recording the entire night. Yes, there are cameras in the car, yes there are cameras in the bar, and yes there are cameras on the tennis court light poles and fences. Everything is recorded to avoid legal problems, even my initial interview with the girls was recorded. When you take someone's bride to be and do what we did, if Hubby to be finds out, the girl will tell him she was forced. So, I video everything, Even the driver has a small video camera on him.

Now I know what your next question is going to be, "Is recording all of this legal?" Well oddly enough, most states have not caught up with legal issues beyond what 1990's technology presented. None of the recordings included anything over a phone, or over the internet. No money was wired from one person to another, and no banks were used in any way. ALL the actions recorded were performed in public so, there was no expectation of privacy. The only laws that were broken were those of public nudity and lewdness, and I seriously doubt, no...I know, none of the participants will ever go to the police or testify. The reason I broke from the story is to understand the ending, you needed to know it was all documented digitally.

As this night of debauchery continued, all nine Men traded places with the others and with the girls. Everybody had everyone in every place they could be had. After it was all over, the girls just lay on the blacktop totally worn out, and halfway between consciousness and passed out. This is when I rolled each onto their backs and spread their legs so that my Driver could film a close-up of each girl dripping cum from each hole, and slowly pull back on the shot to get clear facial images. After I was done getting all the evidence to protect myself and everyone involved, we carried them back to the car one by one and laid them on blankets in the back. Now just two more obligations to fulfill.

I promised these girls I would keep them safe for the entire night. I brought them to a house I rent from time to time, and this is a special five-Bedroom house. It belongs to a longtime friend of mine, who has been an emergency room nurse for the past 22 years. She was also one of the women at the bar, keeping a close eye on the girls. It may come as a surprise to some, but people sometimes take drugs and don't tell you about it. (Ha) She is there first to make sure no one's hurt or injured, but also to watch for any sign of drug abuse by the girls. Now I know you can't spot everyone who is on drugs, but if there be any problems, she is there to tend to whoever needs medical attention.

First, they were evaluated by my nurse as to their condition, and then they were bathed by her, me, and my driver. Thirdly, they were all put to bed in a room together, making it easier to keep an eye on all of them. The next morning, they were fed coffee and eggs with toast and OJ. When they were fully awake and aware I asked them, "Do you remember everything you did last night." As is the normal response to that question, I got "Well some of it." Luckily and as planned, my Driver/Security/Camera man had spliced all video into one digital movie and had it set up on the big screen TV in the living room. The videos always start with short highlights lasting around a minute each, just enough to give a clear idea of what had transpired the night before, then it goes on to a full-length unedited play from each camera with sound. Normally the girls need nothing more than the highlight portion before they ask it to be turned off. This morning was no different, and there was silence after the TV was turned off.

If you can imagine the slap of reality that goes through a woman's mind when she sees herself doing the things that these girls did, you would predict the first question out of Cathy's mouth. "How much do you want to destroy that video?" she asked in a panicked voice. I assured them all that over the decades I have kept over a thousand confidences, and I am not going to break that policy now. I put on a second video showing me in a private video library with hundreds of drives labeled with names and dates. I explained the statutes of limitations on most of these is five years. Then the video shows me destroying drives with microwave and an old fashion hand crank rock crusher, that used to be popular in this part of the country 100 plus years ago. It then shows me dumping the fine ground pieces of that drive into a barrel mark hazardous waste, along with all the other ground up drives. Then Cindy asked rudely, "And I guess we're just supposed to trust you that it doesn't end up on the internet someday?" I responded, "You trusted me to do all those things in front of me and in public in front of others, and you weren't worried about the internet then?" Once again silence fell over the room. I proceeded, "Every person involved, or that witnessed your actions last night, was chosen by me. How do you think you can walk away without worrying you contracted any diseases last night? Everyone was tested and brought me documentation to that effect. How do you think you fucked numerous Men in a bar without anyone walking in? The doors were locked and only my people were in there. The bar was technically closed so the video was erased from the unit, no cell phones were allowed in the bar. And how do you think you woke up in a nice bed, bathed and fed? You asked me to provide a safe night for you and I did that plus more!"

Karen, the girl who originally hired me, asked "Where's that make up bag you had me put in the trunk of your car on Thursday?" "It is right behind the couch you are sitting on," I replied. She retrieved the bag, opened the combination lock, and proceed to pay me the agreed upon amount for my services. Then Cindy, the only one quiet throughout this morning asked me, "What happens now?" I answered, "You go off and live your lives as you would if none of this ever happened". And to my surprise she asked, "What if we don't want to return to our nowhere lives in that cold, dull place we call home?" I told her, "Your future is up to you. Where you go and what you do is entirely your choice. Nothing that happened last night will have any effect on your lives going forward." But I want it to," she mumbled. "You and I can talk privately after we're done here." I told her.

Wearing what amounts to hospital scrubs the girls returned to their hotel to continue their vacation. Karen returned later that day expressing that she would like to remain here with me, and I convinced her to go home and think about what she was proposing. Cathy contacted me a month later requesting a copy of everything recorded, as a video remembrance of the night. I lost track of Cindy, but Cathy tells me she is doing well. Karen returned a month later and now resides with me as my girlfriend and works as my assistant. She is my wild exhibitionist lover and friend.

I'll close this story by paraphrasing a 1980's TV show. "If you are in my city, and you know where to look for such Fantasy Night ads, then maybe you too could hire......…"

