Bella’s Bitty Bikini
by anonenffan
 
Bella was very happy to be doing what she was doing.  Most people never get to have their dream job.  Even if they do, the first job they had was most likely not their dream job.  Granted, being in charge of cleaning an indoor pool wasn’t quite Bella’s dream job either, but it brought her very close to something she enjoyed doing; swimming.

She loved being in the water, getting a feeling of freedom that was unmatched by anything else.  Bella practiced swimming ever since she was little, and actually felt happier in the water than on dry land.

Being as fond of the water as she was, Bella wanted a swimming pool of her own.  However, her family couldn’t afford one, and the public pool near her house wasn’t to her liking.  She could smell the chemicals they used to take care of it and knew the public pool simply didn’t care about perfection.  There was a right way to clean the water, and they weren’t doing it.

Her solution to this?  It was quite simple actually.  Bella had gotten a job at a small hotel in her town.  After a lot of obsessive studying, she had taken on the role of maintaining the hotel’s pool.  She wanted it perfect, and often didn’t let anyone else handle cleaning the pool.  With how well she took care of it, she was allowed to swim in it as she pleased.

The rest of the hotel, however, still needed to match her standard of quality.  Especially with a summer holiday weekend coming up, there were going to be a lot of guests coming soon.  The owner of the hotel didn’t want to waste any time getting the hotel clean, and offered to let the staff use some of the rooms temporarily so everyone could begin cleaning earlier.

This did lead to Bella having to push a vacuum cleaner and wash a few windows, but her usual duties remained the same.  She prided herself on keeping her pool perfect, and knew that her coworkers would want to cool off in it after a long day of work.

Her morning began like normal, where she would first vacuum the pool to get any dirt or sand off of the bottom.  The hotel was near a beach, and some of the guests didn’t care to wash their feet.

Bella pushed the vacuum around the floor of the pool, idly humming a tune to herself.  Her uniform was a pair of blue athletic shorts, and a white t-shirt with the hotel’s logo on it.  She was barefoot like she often was while working around the pool.

It was normally a peaceful activity, she did this alone with nobody to talk to.  Just the shimmering pool water waving about, and reflecting light as the tube of the vacuum disturbed it.  She moved towards the deep end, carefully cleaning the floor below, when she heard an unusual sound.

Bella paused with a raised eyebrow, wondering what the sound was.  It sounded like something was clogging her vacuum.  The blonde girl began pulling the vacuum out of the water, and saw a string sticking out of the nozzle.

“Ah ha,” she smiled, reaching up to pull on the string.  With some careful tugs, she began pulling the object out, and soon had one long string, attached to two other strings in her hands.  At least, that’s what she thought it was at first. She looked at it a little longer, and she wasn’t so sure anymore.  There were two small pieces of fabric connecting these strings.

The confused girl held it apart in a few different ways, looking perplexed at it.  Then, a hint of red appeared on her face and she had a light giggle.

“Is this… a bikini top?”  Bella laughed.  “No way, it’s so small!”

The strings were what they were, strings.  Very thin white ones.  Any thinner, and they could be thought of as a fishing line.

The cups were so small, they barely qualified as cups.  From what Bella could tell, the white bits of fabric would be barely big enough to cover a golf ball.  They were so small, and would leave a lot of skin exposed.  Someone would look topless from the distance.

Clearly, someone had lost their swimsuit top. This top seemed more suitable for tanning rather than swimming, if it were considered suitable at all.  Some poor girl trusted the water not to untie the knot and was left topless as a result.

“I guess this goes in the lost and found,” Bella said with a giggle, getting up and walking towards a nearby chair.  If nobody claimed something from the lost and found, then whoever found it, got to keep it.  With that thought on her mind, Bella blushed and held the micro top up against her chest.

Bella’s breasts were a little above average size.  She briefly imagined herself wearing that top, seeing her breasts essentially be on display.  Those tiny bits of fabric would be all that separated her from being hypothetically topless.

She shook her head.  That, was insane.  The girl preferred more modest looking swimsuits.  In fact, besides some spare uniforms and regular clothes, she had packed a one piece swimsuit.  That would be hugging her curves when she wanted to swim later.

With the more naughty looking swimsuit half set aside, Bella returned to picking up her vacuum, and resumed cleaning the pool.  That distraction was putting her behind schedule.  She had a job to do.

Bella continued cleaning the pool, though she wasn’t quite able to hum as happily as she normally would.  The thoughts of that bikini top were on her mind.  It seemed like something to laugh at.  Who would wear a bikini top that revealing?  Clearly they waited until night to do it, which was why she found it in the pool now in the morning.

The other thing on her mind was that it could technically be hers if it went unclaimed.  She would be the proud owner of a very risque swimsuit half.

A familiar clogging sound broke her train of thought.  Bella looked down into the water, and then shut the vacuum off, and pulled it out of the water.

Like before, there was a piece of string sticking out of the nozzle.  Her eyes widened as she noticed said string was very thin like the one she had found before.  Bella pinched it between her fingers, and proceeded to tug it out of the vacuum.  As she suspected, more strings and a very, VERY small piece of fabric came out.

A stunned look appeared on Bella’s face.  “No way this is a real swimsuit.”  She glanced around the pool area to make sure she was alone, her face growing a bit redder.  One, thin white strip of fabric was what connected four pieces of thin string.

Bella couldn’t believe what she was looking at.  Did this even count as a swimsuit?  Could it even cover enough to be legal?  The fabric was only a little longer than that of the cups of the top.  She stopped to imagine both of those pieces together, and how little skin they covered.

For some reason, Bella shivered.  Both pieces seemed so suggestive, and would show a lot of skin.  She had wondered if someone just jumped into the water wearing this, and resurfaced naked.

“Just go to a nude beach,” Bella mumbled, imagining the suits rightful owner could hear her.  She got up to set the bottom half with it’s matching top, and returned to her work.  That was when the problems began.

Bella hadn’t noticed where the hose for the pool vacuum was.  It had gotten in the way of her bare feet, and disrupted her balance.

“Whoa!”  She yelped in surprise, flailing her arms about as she fell forward.

There was a loud splash as Bella hit the water.  It thankfully kept her free of any injury, but the sudden disorientation of hitting the pool water kept her in a flailing confused state.

Bella resurfaced with a deep gasp.

“Agh!”  She shouted in frustration, wiping the water from her face.  That was inconvenient, to say the least.  Bella was unharmed, but now completely soaked.  She shook it off, finding some comfort in the cool water massaging her body..

“Well, may as well do it in the pool now,” Bella groaned, grabbing the end of the vacuum cleaner.  She pulled it in, planning on simply cleaning the pool while she was in it, and change her clothes later.

At least, that was what she wanted to do.  The metal, tube-like stick of the pool vacuum was long, so one could reach the bottom of the pool while standing above it.  When Bella tried to move it so she could pull it straight into the pool, she was completely unaware that some of the controls were adjusted as it was pushed against the ground.

With the nozzle facing Bella, the control end bumped into the chair.  The vacuum was switched on.

Immediately, the machine roared to life, and Bella felt a firm tug on her shirt.  The suction was far stronger than she had remembered setting it, and her shirt was stuck in the vacuum, now pulling very firmly against her shirt.

“Ah!”  She squeaked.  The shirt was pulled tightly over her skin.  Since the cloth was white, it had turned somewhat transparent in the water.  Between that and the firm pull, it was clearly obvious that Bella had no bra underneath her shirt.

Bella tried to pull herself free, but with the vacuum at its maximum setting, getting her shirt out was going to be no easy task.  She looked up at the controls of the vacuum, and they were far out of her arms reach.

This was bad.  Bella knew to avoid using that setting if it wasn’t necessary.  Swimsuits like the one she found were prone to be swallowed whole at that strength.  With the setting she was using, there was a chance to pluck lost swimwear out.  With another hopeless tug, Bella knew there was only one way for her to get free.

She was going to have to surrender her shirt.

Her face grew to a deep shade of red.  She’d have to take it off, let the vacuum have it, and then grab it from the filter.  So, Bella reached for the hemline of her shirt, and tried to pull it upwards.  She tried to keep her head up, so her long hair would stay away for the powerful vacuum.

However, that ended up not mattering.  There was a loud ripping noise that allowed Bella to jerk away in newfound freedom.  The shirt had torn, but Bella never had the chance to see exactly where it had torn.  In an instant, the shirt was sucked away and into the vacuum.

Bella let out a sigh of relief.  She wrapped her arms around her now topless body, blushing deeper than before.  It was time to get out of the pool, and get out of this.

However, gravity was not on Bella’s side.  The vacuum began to slide forward into the water, the end of which aimed for the lower end of Bella’s torso.  She felt a tug on her shorts, and saw those were now ensnared in the pool vacuum.

“Ah!  No!  Let go!”  She pleaded, trying to push herself backwards.  Bella hopelessly tugged on her shorts, but each movement that she made allowed the vacuum to claim more of her shorts.

The blonde nervously looked behind her towards the door to the pool area.  Her clothes were quickly being taken from her, and there was no other easy way to get free.  She only had one choice, and she was going to have to do everything quickly.

One hand moved towards the back of her shorts, and her fingers hooked in.  Bella couldn’t believe what was happening, as she began to push her shorts down.  The vacuum pulled hard as it was fed more fabric, bringing her shorts down to her thighs.

The pull was firm.  Every inch the vacuum took was not going to be returned.  Bella couldn’t pull back at all.  With the shorts passed her knees, the blonde looked back at the door one more time, and nervously looked back at her shorts, and let them continue downward.

In the blink of an eye, they slid over her ankles, and disappeared into the vacuum.  All that remained on her body was a pair of white panties, now soaked by the water, left transparent like her shirt once was.

“Oh my god,” Bella blushed furiously.  She had to get out of the the pool, and fast.  The undressed girl turned around to swim towards the ladder.  Normally Bella found the water to be a place of serene comfort, but now it was quickly undressing her.

Her fingertips were barely able to graze the ladder to get out of the pool, when she felt one more tug against her panties.

“No….”  Bella whispered, turning around around in growing worry.  It couldn’t, there was no way.  How did it even happen?

Her panties had been caught in the vacuum.  The unyielding machine had latched onto her rear end, pulling downward, and starting to expose the top of her bottom half.

“N-no!  You’re not getting those!  Let go!”  Bella reached behind her, trying desperately to hang on to the fabric.  She turned around, trying to pull the nozzle upwards between her legs, but the struggle continued to pull her panties below her hips.

Bella gritted her teeth, putting her feet on the tubing of the vacuum, and gripped her panties tight with her hands and tried to pull them free.  The vacuum head was centered, targeting between  her legs, and had already had most of the material within.
“Unnnnnnng!”  Bella fought the vacuum, refusing to surrender her final article of clothing.  She pulled with all her might, when her feet slipped off.

“YEEEE!”  She yelped with her eyes widened, when she was pulled onto the vacuum.  Her fists blocked her pelvic region from being pulled in thankfully.  Explaining that would have been the most awkward thing ever.

Still, her panties were caught in the powerful suction, and she needed a way out.  Bella glanced up at the end of the main tubing of the vacuum cleaner, and got an idea.  It was risky, but it was her only chance of shutting it off without losing her panties.

She took another look at the door to confirm she was alone.  It was still early in the morning before sunrise, so the odds of her having a visitor were low.  This was her best chance.

Bella doubled back again, before carefully trying to pull her left leg out of her panties.  The idea put her panties at a lot of risk, but it was the only way.  Her movements felt awkward, and as soon as her leg was freed, more fabric was claimed by the vacuum cleaner.

Now was the dangerous part.  Bella carefully began to pull her right leg out of the panties, stopping when they were at her knee.  Her heart was racing as she started breathing quicker.  So much of her body was exposed now, first her top half, and now her bottom half was all but entirely uncovered.

The blonde girl gulped, and got her body freed of the vacuum.  Her panties were still on her right knee, and that was all that kept them from being taken away.  She then began to reach upwards towards the top of the vacuum in a desperate effort to reach the controls.

Bella had wrapped one leg around the tube, and that soon proved to be a mistake.  Doing this allowed her womanhood to come in contact with the tubing.  It was cold, which sent a shock through Bella’s delicate system, but the running vacuum also had a slight vibration to it.

Her natural reaction was to try and squeeze her legs tighter to shield herself from that feeling, but that only intensified them as she wrapped her legs around.  Bella could feel her body temperature raise in contrast to the cool water as she was stimulated.

She shook her head, trying to ignore the growing feelings buzzing through her body, and pulled herself further up the long pool vacuum. The undressed girl desperately reached upwards for the controls, but she still came up short.  Her fingertips couldn’t reach the controls.

With a glance downwards, Bella could tell she wasn’t going to get any further with her panties where they were.  If she could fully stretch out her right leg, she could reach the controls and shut the vacuum off.  This called for a risky change of plans.

One wrong move, and she would be completely naked with no easy access to clothing.  This had to be done carefully.  Bella gulped, and let the panties go down past her knee, and stopping them at her ankle.  She had to keep her foot facing outwards.  If her foot turned the wrong way, the last of her clothing would be gone.

Now able to reach further up the pool vacuum, the blushing blonde wrapped both her legs around the tubing, and pulled herself closer to the controls.

Again, the tubing vibrated away against her womanhood.  Bella closed her eyes and blushed, feeling her backend surface from the water to be greeted by the air in the room.  She tried to lift her body away from the tube just a little bit so she could stop the sensation.  However, this resulted in a shift of her weight, and she found herself going face first into the water.

“Who-aglglgblbflf,” Bella splashed about, before shifting her weight backwards, pressing her warming womanhood against the vacuum.

The effect was immediate.  Her head resurfaced with a gasp, both from a need of air, and surprise rush of arousal.  She gritted her teeth and gripped the tubing of the vacuum tight.

With one hand remaining on the pole-like vacuum, Bella moved her right hand down, carefully brushing over her breasts.  Her nipples poked firmly against her forearm, showing their firm reaction to the water.  She continued down and felt the warmer area between her legs.

Bella bit her lip looking up at the controls.  She had to stop this before things got any worse.  What would her boss say if she was caught doing this?  She reached and pulled upward, getting closer to the controls, then looked down at her ankle, with the heavily strained fabric of her panties still hanging on.

With her arousal building, Bella moved her hand away from her thighs and reached up for the controls.  The vacuum was mercilessly vibrating against her, and the way she was reaching caused her nipple to meet the tube as well.  More electric tingles flew through her body, causing her hand to stop short of reaching the controls, and gripping the vacuum just under the controls.

“Oooohhhhh….”  Bella moaned out.  It was too much.  She was breathing heavily, trying to maintain balance.  All of the vibrations were getting to her.  Here she was, nearly nude in a desperate struggle to maintain the last piece of modesty she had.

She submitted to her arousal.

Thoughts of her panties started to drift out of her mind, and she slowly, yet gently, began rubbing her exposed womanhood up and down the vibrating pole.  The vibrations felt good.  The cool water on her skin felt good.  She felt good.

She wrapped her legs tightly around all the vibrations.  Her leg briefly felt resistance, but it came free without much trouble.  Bella continued to grind for pleasure, breathing deeply.

Her heart was ready to jump out of her chest.  She pressed herself against the vacuum as firmly as she could, sliding her slick lips and down the structure.

“Ah…”  She whimpered, with a building feeling on the verge of explosion.

She curled her toes and held onto the pole tightly.  Her body quivered as she arched her back, and gave a loud howl and her body squirmed involuntarily.  Pleasure surged through her body, crashing into her and shaking her very core.

Her grip loosened as the feeling began to calm down, with only the vibrations on her sensitive intimates keeping her conscious.  Finally, Bella managed to reach up and shut the vacuum off.  The machine died down in silence, and Bella let her arms drift in the water in a pleased afterglow.

A pleased hum escaped her lips, as she got off of the vacuum.

“I’ve got to be more careful with this thing,” she said to herself as she picked it up, and carried it towards the end of the pool.  Bella idly set it aside, when she realized something.  She glanced down in the water towards her ankle.

“Oh no…”  Her eyes widened.  She looked around frantically, and in the water.  “No no no no no!”  Her fears were all but confirmed.

Her panties were gone.  It was all too likely that they slipped off during her… struggle with the pool vacuum.  She was entirely naked now, with no easy access to clothing.

Bella moved her hands to cover her breasts as she looked around frantically.  The towel racks hadn’t been loaded yet.  The room she was allowed to borrow was on the second floor.  She had her room key set in the pool room, but there was nothing to cover with.

Nothing except the swimsuit she found.

Bella cringed, knowing that suit would be of little help.  But she had little choice.

She swam towards the end of the pool, casting the door another look.  For now, she was still alone.

Bella climbed up the ladder, droplets of water glistening over her fully exposed skin.  She was completely naked.  There wasn’t a thread clinging to her curves.  Her face glowed bright red, not only from her nudity, but from she had just done in the pool.  Properly applying the pool cleaning chemicals was now higher on her to-do list.  Not higher than getting dressed, but quite high.

The naked girl covered up her intimates as best she could, and took a brisk walk around the pool to reach the swimsuit she had set aside.  Her wet feet gave a quiet slapping sound as she walked around fully exposed.

Her morning had started so calm, and now she risked losing her job if she was discovered like this.  Bella never finished reading the employee manual, but she had a good feeling working naked wasn’t allowed.

Not that the swimsuit she found would alleviate that problem.  She reached the chair she set them on, and looked at the door one more time.  Bella could feel her heart getting ready to jump out of her chest.

First, she picked up the “bikini’s” top and looked at it awkwardly.  The cups were so small, they looked like they would cover nothing.  However, she had to try.  Bella did her best to put the top on, and tied the strings behind her.

It required some adjustment, but the cups were barely able to fit over her nipples and the rest of her areola.  However, like she imagined, the rest of her breasts were plainly visible.  She still felt compelled to cover them, but her lower half was still in need of her attention.

She picked up the bottom half of the swimsuit, and held it awkwardly.  The fabric that would have made her decent was so small, that she wasn’t sure which way it was actually meant to go.

Bella carefully sat down and tied the sides together.  Somehow it seemed even smaller when she was wearing it.  The top of the fabric was so low, she could see the top curves of her labia.  She tried to tug it upwards to cover it better, but that left nothing but string to cover her round buttocks.

This was her cover?  This miniscule swimsuit?  It was so suggestive, just the fact that she had it on felt perverted.  It would almost be better to be caught naked, but neither scenario was ideal.

There was no more cover for Bella to obtain in the pool room.  Nothing that would make her decent enough to continue working.  Getting her old clothes back would call for a very time consuming process of getting the vacuum’s filter open, and Bella didn’t have time for that.  She had no choice but to head up to her room and change.  She walked towards a different chair where she had set her room key, and picked it up.

“I can’t believe how little this covers,” Bella took a deep breath and approached the door to exit the pool room.  Droplets of water still slid down her mostly exposed skin.  She ran her hands over her body to confirm the suit still existed.  The strings were thankfully still in place, but they were a small comfort.  Her heart was pounding, never before had a suit this lewd graced her skin.

A trembling hand gripped the doorknob, and pulled it open.  Bella peeked through to see the hallway.  It was still empty.

With a sigh escaping her lips, she stepped through the doorway and let it shut behind her.  In the morning, the pool room was a private sanctuary to her.  But there was no sense in staying there right now.  There would eventually be visitors, and she couldn’t risk being found.  She would have to get through the lobby, reach the stairs, run down a hallway, and get to her room.  Preferably, unseen.

She took slow, careful steps forward.  Making a sound would be dangerous right now.  Even though she had a swimsuit, she wrapped her arms around her breasts.  The tiny fabric did little to argue against the idea that she was naked as her shaking legs pulled her forward.

When she reached the end of the hallway, she entered the main lobby.  There was a front desk, some decorative plants, and little bit of furniture for guests to use.  It was still early, so nobody appeared to be at the front desk.  Exactly what Bella was hoping for.

The stairs were on the opposite corner of the lobby.  So with one more look around, Bella started a quick run to get to the second floor.

Ding!

A bell rang, and Bella froze, and ducked behind a couch.  Her eyes widened, and her heart was racing.  Did someone just enter the lobby?

“Oh man, what a long flight.  I thought we’d never get here!”  said a female voice.

“I know right?  I think I wanna get some sleep first before hitting the beach,” yawned another one.

Guests.  At this hour?  This was bad.  Those two might ask Bella to set up a room for them.

Except…no they wouldn’t, why would they?  She was dressed in the most risque swimsuit ever made, not her hotel uniform.  Bella could just act like she’s another guest.  However, there was a problem.  Her sudden movements had unsettled her breasts.  Neither nipple was in the tiny cup they were supposed to be in.

“Gotta fix it,” Bella hissed under her breath.  She frantically adjusted the swimsuit and got her nipples back into place.  There wasn’t any time to check the bottom half.

“So I guess we just call for a bellhop and… umm…” the first girl’s voice trailed off.

Bella knew why she stopped.  There was a pair of ankles in front of her that explained why.  Her eyes slowly moved up, and saw the two girls looking down at her in shock.

The barely dressed girl had a crimson face.  This was trouble.  She had been seen.  But they didn’t know she worked there.  That was her ticket out.

“H-hi,” Bella said, finding her voice.

“Um… hello,” said the first girl, baring a blush of her own, probably surprised to see Bella the way she was.

“Are you um… okay?”  said the second girl.

She just had to be calm.  “M-me?  Oh no, I’m fine!  Ha ha ha,” her laugh came off in a very nervous way.

The two girls looked Bella over, and the second one put a hand over her mouth to fight a giggle.

“Um… your bikini bottom is… “

“Hmm?”  Bella looked down.  “Ah!”  The lower half of her swimsuit had rode backwards, exposing her lips to the two girls.  Her hands clasped tightly over her womanhood as she blushed deeply.

“Where did you get a suit like that?  That’s too small to be legal if we can see your… you know,” the first girl pointed out.

Bella couldn’t explain she worked there.  That would get her in trouble for sure.  Maybe these girls would be nice, but she needed a little white lie to get herself out of this.

“The hotel is… clothing optional…?”  Bella’s voice heightened.  “Y-yeah, it’s clothing optional.  It’s the only way I’d get to wear a swimsuit like this.”  The blonde forced a smile onto her face.  That excuse would work, right?  It had to work, because she needed it to work.

“…Bella?”  came a familiar female voice.

Bella’s blood ran cold.  That was her manager, Lois.  She had been found.  The blonde slowly turned around and met her fate.  There, stood her manager with a very confused look on her face.  “L-lois, this isn’t… I… umm…”

“That was a future plan, we never approved it yet.”  Lois said in a shocked tone.  “How did you even find out about it?”

That was unexpected.  Bella was on the wrong end of some bad luck, made worse with her lie becoming reality.  She didn’t have any idea of what to say.

“I… I…”  Bella looked at Lois, then at the other two girls, with increasingly confused looks on their faces.  With her hands shielding what remained of her modesty, her voice turned sheepish.  “Do you mind if… I go change?”

Lois crossed her arms.  “Alright, I don’t know how you found out about the clothing optional rule.  We haven’t voted on it yet.  Head up to your room, dry off and change.  Then come back here for a little talk”

Bella smiled with a light sigh.  “Thank you, I’ll get right back to work when I’m done.”  She turned around and headed for the stairs, as the two other girls fought off some giggles.  She was in trouble, but Lois was one to listen to reason.  Once she explained… some of what happened in the pool room, she could get out of trouble.

“Bella, wait a moment,” Lois said, causing Bella to stop at the base of the stairs.  She was flustered and wanted to get out of sight, and her backside was fully exposed to the room, hidden only by tiny pieces of string.

“Y-yes?”  Bella said, moving her hands to cover her bottom.  With the string wedged between her cheeks, it looked like she had nothing on her lower half.  Her knees angled inwards, like she was trying to crumple into a ball.

“Don’t change into your uniform.  Dry off and maybe get a different swimsuit if you have one.  If you don’t have one, then I want you in that one.  You can do a trial day of working in a swimsuit all day.  We’ll see how our guests react to the whole clothing optional thing.”  She smirked.  “That should balance out your little bump with the rules.”

Bella’s face burned with blush.  “Y-yes mam!”  She started running up the stairs with her key card in hand.  Having the hotel turn clothing optional was not something she expected, but if she was allowed to wear a swimsuit, she had a far more modest one piece on her mind.

A quick run down the second floor hallway, and she had reached her room.  She sighed, happy that the worst of this mess had passed.  The card key slid through, the light turned green, there was a soft clicking noise, and she was inside.

Proper privacy.

Bella quickly shut the door behind her, getting into the hotel room they were letting her use.  She took a moment to breath and calm herself down, and then walked towards a bag containing her things.

Inside it, was some extra uniforms and soaps she wanted handy.  There was also a book about maintaining a pool she often referenced.  She dug a little further looking for her swimsuit.  Her wandering hand, could not find it, however.

Her heart rate kicked up again as she began more frantically feeling around the bag, before taking the bag, and dumping its contents onto the bed.

She forgot to pack her swimsuit.
