Haley's New Semester
by Megan

Haley did not want to go back to school and teach, after that last ordeal with her class. The boys had more blackmail on her now and there was nothing that could help her with her situation. This semester she had a new class of delinquent boys and that class got moved to be her final class of the day. This was done so that they could have as much time as needed to help them improve their grades. So, most of the time, her class would have to be at school after hours with everyone gone except the janitors. Haley believed that this semester would go better. She was just hoping that she would never run into her last group of boys again.

The first day of the semester, Haley was full of hope and optimism. She decided to dress nice and the clothes she choice gave her confidence. All of that shattered when she entered her classroom. There standing in front of her was………… Alex.

” What are you doing here?!? You are not in any of my classes this semester!” She half yelled at him.

“The Principle thought I needed extra credit to get better grades this semester. So, he purposed that I help out as a teacher’s assistant. He asked me which teacher I wanted to work for, and I couldn’t think of any reason why I shouldn’t pick my favorite teacher……. That’s you!!!” exclaimed Alex.

Haley’s whole day was ruined! She couldn’t think of any worse way to start the semester. She would now have to deal with Alex every day, all day. She desperately tried to think of a way out of this, but she couldn’t see a way out. If she went to the principle to fix the problem, Alex would just blackmail her to putting him back as her assistant. They would be no way out!
Suddenly, Alex broke her train of thought. “So…… Obviously you are going to give me a glowing report of my work because if you don’t, I’m sure you don’t want any of those pictures or videos sent to everyone at school……… right?”

All Haley could manage to do was nod her head.

Alex went on. “Also, you are going to do everything I order you to do. And if there is anything that does happen, I am not to blame at all. Otherwise you know what will happen. Do you understand?”

“Yes…” Haley choked out.

“Perfect! We are going to have some fun this semester!” Alex shouted.

He pushed pasted her and spanked her round bottom which lead to Haley letting out a little yelp. Haley turned around and saw that he was rummaging through his backpack for something. When he was done, he turned around hiding what he found behind his back.
With a giddy voice Alex said “We are going to make this day special to mark this momentous occasion! First let me take a look at what I am dealing with.”

He looked his dejected teacher up and down. Her long blond hair was up in a bun and had her reading glasses on, she did this to make herself look more professional so her students might respect her more. She had a black button up blouse, with a tight gray skirt that came down to rest right above her knees. Her legs were clad in black sheer nylons and she had black heels on her feet that buckled around her ankles. She also had jewelry on, small fake diamond stud earrings, a black choker style necklace and down at her right ankle a thin silver anklet. Alex liked what he saw, she seemed to dress sluttier after their last ordeal. She looked like most of the teachers in his fantasies and in the pornos he viewed.
“You look great, but I haven’t seen all that you are wearing. Lose the shirt and skirt, so that I can get a better look at your skimpies. Let’s see if you are dressed to impress underneath.” Smirked Alex

Haley blushed at those last comments. She knew this was coming but was still hoping it wouldn’t happen. She was also worried that Alex was going to make her teach without her clothes for the day.

“Please don’t make me teach without my clothes. These kids haven’t seen me without them! Please have me do something else!” Haley pleaded.

“Don’t worried you can put them back on once we are done. I would just like to see what I’m dealing with and plus you said that you’ll do whatever I want.” Reassured Alex

Haley saw she had no choice. She slowly undid her blouse and let it slide off hitting the floor behind her. Next, she reached back and slowly unzipped her skirt. It slipped off of her hips also hitting the floor in a pile around her ankles. She looked stunning. She was regretting what she decided to wear underneath her clothes. She just never thought anyone would be looking at her in her bra and panties. Her black nylons turned out to be stocking going all the way up her long legs and were held up by a garter belt fastened around her toned waist. Her bra and panties were a matching set. Her panties were black and lacy. The back was strait mesh which put her whole ass on display and in the front, lacey with little pink roses embroidered on them. The bra was mostly all mesh which didn’t hide much, plus they were low cut, right above her nipples. The only thing that hid her perky nipples were the same pink rose embroidered randomly on the cups.

She looked like a lingerie model and would have stopped any man in her tracks. All Alex could do was stare at her sexy body. Finally, Alex came out of his trans and realized he was running out of time before the first class started.

He broke the silence. “I want you to use this throughout our whole day!”

Haley looked in horror as she saw what he produced behind his back. It was an egg vibrator! He wanted her to have that inside of her all day! She was mortified, this could ruin her whole career if somebody found out! But she quickly was reminded by Alex that she had no choice. She grabbed the vibrator and started to insert inside of her. She finally got it in and felt some discomfort.

Alex interrupted her thoughts again. “Good. Now that you have that up your pussy, we can have fun today. If you didn’t realize, it is a remote-controlled vibrator. So, I will be playing with you all day. Your goal is to not let anyone know that you are being toyed with. It would be embarrassing to let you students know that you are controlled so easily."

Alex then allowed her to put her clothes back on. She quickly gathered up her clothes and started to put herself back together. Just as she was finishing with the last button on her blouse, she felt the vibrator turn on with a slow rumble. This shocked her so much that she squealed and almost collapsed onto the floor.

“You are going to do a better job than that to make sure none of the other students know what’s going on!” Alex laughed.

The vibration stopped and Haley’s face was a deep shade of red. And she decided to go about and try to get ready for her first class. During this time Alex tried to make sure that the vibrator was working perfectly and would hit the switch every once in a while. Haley was trying to do her best to ignore it, but it was useless. She would end up dropping her books, she’d stumble when walking around and even moan once in a while. Haley was slowly getting aroused.

The first class of student finally stared to arrive, filing in single file while Haley greeted them all. She started on her welcome speech to the class.

“Welcome, class! I am excited to have you have you this semester and I hope that…… oooooooo.” Haley let out.

She slowly crossed and bent her legs. Haley’s face started to turn red from embarrassment, as she started to see her students puzzled looks. Regaining her thoughts, she continued on, while trying not to look distracted.

Alex wouldn’t stop tormenting his teacher. He would randomly hit the switch and send her in a sensual mood. He hit her while she’d bend over for her pencil on the floor. While she was trying to write on the chalk board which would always mess up what she would be writing. And he’d try to get her hard when they finally had some in class work and she could sit behind her desk.

All of this stimulation was driving Haley nuts, she could hardly do her lesson. She finally thought there might be some relief when she got to sit down at her desk. But she was wrong. As soon as she sat down, Alex hit her again but this time at full blast. Haley’s leg shot tightly together, her hand down to her pussy, with her face screwed up with pleasure. Haley was doing her best to keep it together and not let her class know but it was getting to be too much.

Her nylon clad legs started to rub together, and her hands started to firmly grasp her thighs. I get was getting to much for her to handle, all she could do was sit there and stare down at her lap. All she focused on was the egg that was vibrating inside of her. She finally orgasmed and let out a tiny moan which only Alex seemed to hear. She felt humiliated and embarrassed that Alex once again made her orgasm.

As her class started to file out a minute later, she started to hope that this would be over, and Alex would let her teach in piece for now on. She was wrong. He kept on torturing her though out her next classes giving her multiple orgasms. From the torment her panties were soaked and now her nylons were soaking it up because her panties couldn’t hold anymore. She finally made it to the last class of her day. It was her trouble class and was the one she was least looking forward to. She felt exhausted form the torture and it made her legs feel shaky. She was expecting more of the same from Alex this class, but he had something more in mind. Her class continued as normal, but it all changed when she got the in-class work, it all changed.

Haley gave them their work and was showing some of the students were to find it in their books while unnoticed by her, Alex was doing something to her chair. Finally, she was able to go back to her desk and sit down. When she sat in her chair and her eye went wide with pain. She shot out of the chair, launching herself over the desk and landing in a pile in front of her students.

She slowly stood up, her back facing her classroom and both hands using her desk to pull herself up. She paused for a little bit leaning over her desk trying to think of what had happened. She started to hear some snickering coming from behind her. She turned around to address her class.

“I know that must have been funny and you all had a good laugh but it’s time for you to get back to work.” She then noticed all of their phone were out. “You are not supposed to have you phones out in class. Put them away and get back to work!” with her hands on her hips

Then she heard one of the boys’ whistle and he said, “I love your panties!”

Haley’s face turned red. She looked down and noticed that her skirt was gone, and her lacy panties and stocking were on display for her class. Her hands shot down to cover them and she backed up into her desk. Her panty clad ass hit the desk which sent pain waves through her body. She yelped in pain and one hand went back to rub her cheeks. That’s when she felt the tacks still sticking into her butt. She quickly ran around her desk to hide from the kids. She then saw what had happened. Alex must have put some super glue on her desk chair and placed tacks on it as well. She tried to remove her skirt from the chair, but it was useless, it was stuck there.

Alex then ordered all the kids to bring her out from behind her desk. Haley found herself surround by ten boys all grabbing and pulling her from her hiding spot. They drug her in front of her desk and then Alex started to bark out orders. “Rip off her shirt and then tie off her legs and arms.”

Haley felt her blouse get pulled apart and the buttons went flying everywhere. Her matching bra was now on display for the class. Alex distributed the rope that he pulled out of his backpack. Telling the boys to tie her feet off to her desk legs and her arms tied together behind her back. Once she was all tied off, the boys stepped back and took a good look at their teacher. Her legs were pulled apart, her perfect round butt was slightly resting on the edge of her desk and hands behind her sexy toned body.

Haley just looked at the boys totally defeated. She was once again on full display for a group of boys. Haley was really wishing that she would have put on different underwear, at least a less reveling pair. The boys were circling her, marveling at her body. She heard so many different comments that made her more embarrassed by the minute.

“Look at those tits”

“Sexy panties! They hardly cover anything!”

“She’s a total slut for wearing a lingerie set while teaching”

“She is probably loving this!”

That last comment humiliated her the most because she was in fact loving the situation that she was in. She couldn’t help feeling turned on, her nipples turned hard and her loins felt on fire. She then turned her head and saw that Alex had a ball gag. He forced it in between her lips and secured it around her head but he wasn’t done with her yet. Then he pulled out a bag of clothes pins and started to snap them menacingly at his teacher. He pulled down her bra which made her perky breasts pop out. He quickly snapped a clothes pin onto her right nipple. This caused pain and pleasure to shoot throughout her body. He quickly followed that up with another clothes pin to her other nipple. This made Haley moan into her gag which made the boy laugh at their turned-on teacher. Alex pulled on Haley’s panties giving her a slight wedgie in the front. Haley’s pussy lips were now spilling over the sides of the crotch of her panties. Several of the boys made sure they got a close up look at this. Alex pushed them aside and started to snap more clothes pins on each lip. Haley was going crazy with all of this pain and pleasure shooting through her bound body.

Haley looked quite the sight for her class. She was struggling trying to get out of this situation, she was loving it but had mixed feeling of being turned on in front of her class. Her tits were flopping everywhere and with each struggle sent pain and pleasure through her body from the clothes pins. Then Alex hit her with the vibrator again. He finally turned it on to max which now made an audible humming sound. Haley squealed with pleasure into the ball gaged and some of her saliva dribbled down her chin.

She started move, shake and gyrate within her restraints. Each intimate place of her body getting some sort of stimulant that drove her crazy. Vibrator, clothes pins and the tacks in her ass gave her such an erotic experience. She moaned and wiggled in front her students giving them one hell of a show. She would periodically open her eyes to remind herself that she was being filmed which to her shame turned her on even more. Juices were now flowing down, staining her nylon clad legs as she was nearing her climax. Violently she humped the air and gyrated her hip to find something to grind on, but she found nothing to help her. She finally felt herself climaxing and she couldn’t wait for the release that was coming. Her body tensed and she let out a huge moan. Her body shook and trembled with relief; she was in a state of pure bliss. She fully sat down on her desk in full exhaustion, ignoring the thumb tacks still sending sharp pain into her sexy ass. Haley had never orgasimed like that before and she could wait to orasim like that again.

She slowly became aware of her surroundings again and opened up her eyes again to find the boys still recording her. She was still turned on and ready to go again, hoping the boys weren’t done yet.

Alex walked up and asked her, “Are you going to be our willing slave now?”

Haley moaned and shook her head, yes. This made the rest of the boys’ giggle and laugh at their slut of a teacher.

“Perfect!” Alex replied. “But your day isn’t done yet. You are our slave and we are going to have more fun with you the rest of the year. For now……. You are going to stay like this to please others. I’m sure the janitors would love to see you like this. But first.”

Alex started to rummage through his backpack again and pulled out some objects. It was a blindfold, ear plugs and red lipstick.

“Just in case they lack courage, these should help hide their identity. And the lipstick should help them know what to do with a slut like you.”

Alex Began writing on her with the lipstick. Across her breasts he wrote, “Play with me”. And across her forehead, “Slut”. He then put the blind fold on and the earplug in her each ear. He left the vibrator remote right next to her with a note on it saying “Have fun!” He then left the classroom with his teacher still bound to her desk for any ones pleasure.


