My name is Arjun, I was always fascinated with my sexy, voluptuous, very attractive, mother, it began when I was young. That's when I started to view her as a sex object and not as my mother. All my many masturbation sessions were fueled by lewd thoughts of my mother running wild in my head. Lewd thoughts I knew I shouldn't be thinking, but was unable to control. The following is my story. At the age of seventeen, my lust for my mother became uncontrollable. Watching her hot body move about the house was driving me crazy. My mother has a body typically Indian but with all her gardening and morning walks she did not become too fat like most middle aged Indian women. She was a bit plump, but to me that was perfect. She stands 5'3," weighs about 65 kgs, had long black hair , full sensuous pouty lips, and a great body. I had checked her underclothes, my guess is that she measures out at an eye popping, mouth watering, 42c-38-46. Yes she was a woman alright

It was April, right after school had let out for summer vacation, that I set my seduction plan into motion. I figured that this was the best time, because I could be alone around my mother most of the day, while my father was at work. My father was one of the reasons, that I even decided to try this plan in the first place. He is top executive in a Bank, and had received a big promotion at work, about 2 years earlier, and ever since that time he became a workaholic. He would leave at 7:00am in his Esteem and not return home until 7:30pm, sometimes later, and would go into the office on Saturdays, too. Then on Sundays, he would just lounge around the house and relax, as he was totally exhausted from working all week; not that I blamed him for that. Of course, this meant that my mother rarely went out, except for family functions, weddings, or the like. I could see that this was having an effect on my mother. She basically had given up on herself and was resigned to the fact that this was the way it was going to be for the rest of her life. She still had her knockout looks intact, but around the house she never put on any makeup and was always dressed badly in nighties and old sarees. She figured she wasn't going anywhere, except to the store, so why dress up; not that my mother dressed sexily anyway. My mother was your normal, average, everyday Indian wife and mother, who was totally faithful to my father. Even when she went out to functions, she dressed conservatively, wearing her silk sarees properly trying to hide her figure. Her blouses were all large, covering her back and would never reveal any of her ample cleavage. She never showed her navel under her saree. But even dressed this way, she still looked sexy as hell and turned heads wherever she went. I figured if I ever had a chance with her, the time was now. I knew she was vulnerable, but I didn't care. I was going to take advantage of any weakness she may have had to accomplish my goal. Indian women are very afraid of scandal, so I knew she will never commit adultry with another man, as I told you previously, she was totally faithful to my father. But I hoped to change all of that. 

So I came up with a plan that would either blow up in my face or get my mother thinking in a whole new way. My plan involved the use of Human Digest type incest books, which were easily available in our city ( in fact I got some inspiration from them), that contained letters and stories from actual persons involved in all kinds of incestuous affairs. I managed to get other books too all forign, the titles of these books were "Family Secrets" and "Family Letters". I had been buying them on pavements and shady shops for the past six months, I had kept them locked up in a bag inside my almirah , but it was now time to bring them out and make my mother 'accidentally' find them, then wait for her reaction or explosion. When my mother brought my clothes after washing, she would always put my underwear and socks away for me, in my almirah drawer. So what I did was place four books all the way in the back of that drawer, and position them in such a way, that I would know if they had been moved or not. Then I took one book and placed it underneath my underwear, right in the middle of the drawer, cover side up. I then slightly parted the underwear, so the book and its title would be visible when the drawer was opened. To check that out, I opened and reopened the drawer several times and every time the book was staring me in the face. Then I placed the other books in the back of a couple of different drawers, also positioned in a way so I would know if my mother had found them or not. My plan was all set, now all I had to do was wait. 

That day arrived two days later. I was eating breakfast and my mother asked if I had any more dirty laundry besides what was in the floor of my room. I told her I didn't, then quickly finished my breakfast, hurriedly dressed, and told my mother I was going to the play cricket and would be back for lunch about 12:30pm. As I arrived back home a little after 12:30pm, I don't have to tell you my heart was beating a mile a minute and I was as nervous as hell. I had no idea what fate awaited me when I opened the door to walk inside. After entering the house, I walked into the kitchen and said hello to my mother. She answered me in a very low tone and didn't even look up at me when she said that. That was a far cry from her normal demeanor, as she was always very jovial with me and upbeat. I told her I'd be right down for lunch and went upstairs to my room, and checked the drawer. My mother had placed fresh underwear in there and then I discovered something else too; the books in the middle and the back of the drawer had been moved, as had the books I had placed in the other drawers. Well, my mother had definitely found the books, but did she read them? When I went downstairs for lunch, my mother was very quiet, but didn't say anything about the books to me. For the rest of the afternoon, I was tensed, wondering what was going through my mother's mind. Then I started thinking, maybe she was going to tell my father when he got home and make him speak to me. Well, my father got home that night, ate his dinner and everything was normal as usual. Not one word was mentioned about the books from either my mother or father. Could it be that my mother didn't tell my father? I was now mystified, what was my mother thinking?

The next day my mother was still very quiet with me, I went out again, came back for lunch and again found the books moved. My mother was reading the books. That scenario was repeated for the next week and a half. My mother hadn't told my father, didn't talk about or mention the books to me, was still being quiet with me and was reading the books every time I went out. Then my mother started to come out of her shell with me. She began talking more to me and joking around as she usually did, but still no mention of the books. In the days following, I noticed a very subtle change in my mother. She had started dressing properly. Out came her colourful sarees, no more nighties in the day time! I don't think she realized that I noticed, but I did. Noticing this change, I realized that the books were having a definite effect on her. I made sure to give her ample time to continue reading the books but also started spending a little more time at home during the day. The next week, my mother's dressing became better, her older blouses, some sleeveless ones appeared and she looked terrific. I managed peeks at her sexy belly and navel. I had never seen my mother wear anything like that for a long time. Also, she even stared applying slight make up, including putting lip-stick which she used only for functions, over her full sensuous pouty lips. gloss.. But still no mention of the books me. But there was something I did take notice of that week. She was going out of her way to give me good looks at her body! Bending down and letting her saree pallu drop down exposing her blouse and that magnificent cleavage and bosom. But the biggest thing I noticed was that my mother would always go upstairs at around 5:00pm, take off her makeup and put on her frumpy clothes, before my father got home. Then on that weekend, when my father was home, she didn't put any makeup on and stayed in her frumpy clothes. I couldn't believe it, my mother was dressing up for me. What I couldn't understand was that if my mother was interested, why hadn't she mentioned the books to me. Maybe she was embarrassed? Maybe she wanted me to make a move on her? Then it hit me. The books contained stories about mother/son; father/daughter; aunt/nephew; brother/sister; cousin/cousin, etc. Maybe my mother thought that I was buying the books, because I was fantasizing about a cousin or an aunt, and not her at all. It was now time to let my mother know, that it was her that I desired.
I made up my mind that the first opportunity that I had the following week, I was going to make my move on her. Well, that opportunity arrived that Monday morning. I came down for breakfast and found my mother dressed very sexily..., not wearing her saree, clad in her blouse and petticoat as if she was about to dress and leave .. But what really caught my eye was her sleeveless blouse, made of thin material and a light pink so that her brassiere was very visible.... As I sat down at the kitchen table, my mother asked, "What are you looking at son ? " Realizing that this was my opportunity, without hesitation, I replied, "You." "Me?" I said, "Yeah Mummy, I like to look at you, and thanks for letting me during the last few days" I looked at her. She tried to smile her eyes shone I got up from the table, went over to my mother, stood right in front of her and told her that I knew she was reading the books and judging by the way she was dressed, that she was really enjoying them. My mother's jaw dropped and her mouth was wide open in shock. She then asked me how I knew and when I told her, she started smiling and said, "Why you bad naughty boy, you set me up." She then playfully hit me on the arm. I asked my mother how she liked the books and she told me that they were very powerful stories and really got her to thinking. I asked her if they turned her on and she told me very much so. She added that she had never thought about those things before, never heard about all this, but it seemed like a lot of people were doing it and enjoying it in foreign countries.

I told her that it did seem like fun, and India will also have its share " It just that nobody discusses these mummy " I said. She just smiled. I said, "Mummy, tell is it wrong?" She " Oh Aju what can I say I " Mummy I think of you as a woman as well as my mummy, would you be shocked or you also " Again she just smiled. " Aju" I said, "Mummy, beat me and sent me away but I will say this I've fantasized about you for a long time. You've so beautiful and and sexy that I cant help it mummy. I love you ." My mother, extremely surprised by my frank language, just said, "Oh my God!" I sat near her anf held her trembling hand. I then said, "What about you Mummy? Do you think I'm bad ? or do you love me as much as I love you ?" Please don't be afraid or embarrassed to admit it, I don't want you to say "no," I want you to say "yes". Remember, I started this whole thing, it's my idea. I know the books turned you on, because I can see the way you've been dressing for me lately. What about it Mummy, do you love me as your "Admi" (man)?" My mother looked up at me and very softly said, "Well,Aju I love you and yes the books really excited me, I have started thinking about you also as ... as a man. But its wrong isn'nt it, but your papa ....its been so long since you know." I held her hands caressing her hair. "Mummy we love each other, then what is wrong?, come on listen to your heart " She squeezed my fingers Oh son I don't know if I can really go through with it But I'd like to try, and I'm very turned on by all of this, will you just kiss me and hold me my son." She looked at me With that I embraced my mother and began kissing her softly on the cheeks and then seeing her response, on her lips. I was a virgin but I had all my pent up passion, as I took the lead, and she reciprocated. Pretty soon the pace had picked up and my mother and I were tongue kissing hotly. As our tongues darted in and out of each other's mouths, I reached around and began caressing my mother's back side, her bare midriff .

My mother began moaning softly. Within minutes our bodies were grinding against one another very passionately and I reached up and tried to touch her bosom and felt her breasts for the first time. She cried "Aju"... " Mummy please" I tried to touch her she shyly moved back " Yes Aju" I caressed her breasts "So lovely mummy" I undid her blouse hook, she laughed "Let me you are shaking" Then infront of me she removed her blouse. Her white cotton brassiere hardly contained her. I reached for her. My mother stopped me and said " We should go into the bed room" with a shy smile. Once inside her room, she sat on her sofa and I sat near her " Its ok now son" She took my hands and led them to her tits I caressed her and she sighed. I squeezed her and bent down to kiss her my kisses came down from her lips down her sweaty throat, down to her cleavage. She moaned as I licked and nibbled at her exposed flesh "It feels so good son" I looked at her " Mummy I want you, please" I placed my hands on her thighs. She nodded " Oh son how can I say no, I too" She blushed and held my hands. I was overjoyed finally I had her. I pulled her up and pulled off her saree. She looked divine. "You too son" she said.
We undressed looking at each other, I was soon naked my penis erect and Mummy exclaimed in delight " So big son" She was down to her brassire and panties, " mummy please" She removed them shyly, naked she stood there her breasts capped by that long thick black nipples, her sex hairy her belly so white and sexy. We came together moaning as our nakedness touched. Kissing feeling madly. I made her sit on the bed and looked at her " Don't stop son" she smiled . I took her breasts, caressing her, jently kissing her all over, then as she responded I began sucking, licking, biting, and squeezing my mother's tits, as my mother squealed in delight. Shortly after, as I continued playing with her boobs I moved my hands down to her womanhood. She tensed "Son" I kissed her "Mummy let me " She nodded I touched her heat, moving then finding her witness, pressing in as she moaned. I stared finngering and rubbing up my mother's pussy. My mother was beside herself by now, bucking up and down wildly squealing loudly.It didn't take long to get my mother off she looked so happy and dazed. After we calmed down a bit, my mother said she wanted to talk to me. I started thinking to myself, that she didn't want to do anymore and was having second thoughts. But it was nothing like that. Basically, the conversation was how much she needed what we were going to do together, how bad her sex life was with my father and that now I was going to be her main man in bed. She said she wanted to experience and try everything with me, just like the mothers and sons in the stories. She also added that no one must ever know and we must keep it our secret. 

Of course I agreed and with that my mother said to me the words I only dreamed about ever hearing from her lips. "Okay let's be man and wife my love" she lied down, she looked so damn sexy. We immediately began tongue kissing and groping each other very passionately. I told my mother how sexy and hot her body was and she returned the compliment, by telling me what a nice hard penis I had, how handsome I was. "Mummy I never thought you will do all this" I said kissing her nipples. She laughed " I have just started dear, I have so much more experience, will you let me love you" I nodded. She smiled "Then just enjoy love" Without me saying another word, the next thing I knew my mother was down on her knees in front of me, and began sucking and licking my cock and balls. Watching my cock going in and out of my mother's mouth was almost surrealistic. I almost couldn't believe that it was actually happening. As my mother continued slurping on my cock, needless to say, it didn't take me long until she drained a hot load of my cum She then began rubbing my cum all over her tits with her hands and then lewdly licked her hands clean. She then remarked how much she liked the taste of my cum. 

It was now my mother's turn to be serviced. She got up off her knees, we laid down on the bed and I went to town on my mother's body. I began sucking, licking and biting her tits and nipples, as my mother moaned and groaned in delight. I then went down and spread her legs apart and began eating her pussy out and finger fucking her wet cunt. My mother was beside herself, bucking up and down on the bed wildly and shrieking loudly, until she exploded into an ear splitting orgasm, Cumming profusely My mother told me she had never cum like that in her life. I told her she better be prepared to cum like that more often and she told me she could hardly wait. It was now time to fuck my mother for the very first time. I told my mother I was going to do it now. She murmured" You better" I got over hee and then mounted her in the missionary position. I slid my hard cock into her sopping wet pussy and started to furiously fuck my gorgeous, sexy mother. It was the most incredible feeling I ever had in my life, finally realizing and living out my fantasy, of fucking my own mother.
As I pounded her pussy, my mother was yelping and squealing loudly, and started to respond to my fuck, with movements of her own. She wrapped her legs around me, with her two feet pressed against the small of my back, and began meeting my thrusts, with thrusts of her own. We continued our lewd fuck, as the sounds of our bodies slamming together and my balls slapping against her ass, filled the air. I looked at my mother's face, etched in sheer ecstasy, and cried out to her, "Mummy, Oh Mummy, we're fucking, we're fucking baby!!!!!!!" My mother replied, "Oh yes, yes, fuck me, fuck me!!!!!" It didn't take long for me to cum and when I pulled out, I shot my load all over my mother's belly and tits. Again my mother rubbed my cum in with her hands, and again licked them clean, telling me she was going to swallow a full load eventually. We calmed down a bit, and as we were holding and caressing each other, my cock started to rise again and my mother, feeling it against her body, said it looked like it was a good time to go down and get herself a mouthful of cum. She then slithered down my body and proceeded to suck me off, until I gave her what she wanted, a load of my hot sticky cum right down her hot cocksucking throat. She licked her lips and my cock clean, with her tongue, and came up smiling saying, "Umm, that was good, I think I'm gonna enjoy this." The rest of the day was one big fuckfest, as my cock was constantly hard, and me and my mother fucked and sucked, like two kids who'd just gotten new toys. 

We fucked in different positions, standing up, doggie style and my mother rode my cock like a bucking bronco, swinging her arms above her head, as her huge tits were bouncing all around wildly. When we finished upstairs, after cleaning up and showering, we went downstairs and as my mother was cooking dinner, I was rubbing up her ass and tits and kissing her and I actually brought her to orgasm, as I had her pinned up against the countertop and was rubbing up her pussy. Well we ate dinner, my father came home and we acted like one big happy family. However, I did feel something very strange inside me. I remember looking at my father and for the first time, I felt like I had some sort of power over him. What I mean is that I had fucked his wife (my mother) and he had no idea what had happened that very afternoon and what would be happening in the future. I was going to be fucking his wife now, more than he was. It was sort of like I was in control of his wife now, not him. Well, my feelings were right that day, as I still feel that way today, years later, as I am totally in control of my mother, sexually speaking of course. That night when I went to bed, I couldn't sleep a wink, thinking over the whole incredible day, reliving every single minute of it, over and over in my head. I did however have one big concern.
I wondered if after a good night's sleep, my mother would feel guilty about what occurred, and wouldn't want to fuck anymore. Morning finally arrived and I heard my father getting ready for work. It takes him basically about forty-five minutes to leave for work, but that morning it felt like hours until he left. I couldn't wait for him to leave, so I could be alone with my mother. Well he finally left and I got up from my bed, peeked out the window, and watched him get in the car and drive off. It was time to go get some sex from my mother. I took off my underwear, as that's all I sleep in, and walked down the hall totally nude to my mother's bedroom. My cock began to rise as thoughts of fucking my mother again filled my head. When I got to the bedroom, the door was open. I walked inside and my mother wasn't in her bed, she was in the bathroom, as I could see the light coming from the bottom of the closed bathroom door. Giving my mother her privacy, I returned to my bedroom to wait a few more minutes. I was sitting on the edge of my bed when my mother's presence suddenly appeared in the doorway. I looked up and any thoughts that I may have had about my mother feeling guilty and not wanting to fuck anymore were quickly erased. My mother was standing in the doorway clad in her night dress, I said, "Mummy I missed you" and what she replied to me is something I will never forget for the rest of my life. My mother said, smiling, "Your woman is here, for you " She came in and pulled of her gown she was nude underneath. I got up off the bed and as we walked towards each other I said, "All right, Mummy!!!!!" We embraced and tore into one another, tongue kissing passionately and groping each other's bodies. It was at that point that I realized, from the hungriness of my mother's kisses, that our affair was going to flourish into a long term thing. Not only didn't she appear to have any guilt, but by her spoken word, her hot hungry kisses and her lewd body movements grinding up against me, my mother was hooked. For the next two hours we fucked and sucked in total abandon and sexual bliss. 

We were going at it like two wild animals. I could also tell that my mother was giving herself totally to me, as her fuck was much more intense than it had been the day before. She was really getting into the fuck, and didn't hold anything back. Where she might have had some slight apprehensions the day before, there was now none, she was into the sex I realized then that I had a super hot mother on my hands. It was from that point on that my mother started leading a double life. On nights and weekends, she would be the supposedly faithful and dutiful wife to my father. But during the day, she would turn into a shameless, wanton, incestuous mom for her own son, engaging in raunchy lewd sexual behavior, in ways that she had never even dreamed of, or even knew existed.
 
