Sam Needs To Expose Her Pussy
by Sandra_Wild

Part 2

Sam sinks even further as the flight goes on.

Sam had always been a bit on the wild side. Most of her friends probably remember her 21st birthday, when she invited everybody over to a party at the public pool in her town. Now, Sam had invited more than 150 people to the party - and a bit more than 200 actually showed up. Yes, she was popular - as popular as girls are, who love to flash their pussies to the world.

At first, many of her friends had been a bit disappointed - with the public nature of the public pool, there was no expectation of her ending up in her birthday suit. But still - there was a good chance, that she would be down to fuck, so people did show up.

And those who did were in for a treat. It was true - Sam was not able to parade around this public place naked, but she was as close as she could get. See, she did not really go for a bikini or a swimsuit, instead she wore lingerie - white lingerie, nearly transparent even when dry, that was a beautiful contrast to her black skin.

And that's how she greeted everybody who arrived - nearly naked and as exposed as she would get. This is one of the scenes she remembered so vividly as she sat on this fully-booked plane - her cunt exposed and spread open obscenely.

In order to help her memory, she had her phone open. Now, most people nowadays browse on their phones, watch movies, or read e-books during the flight. And what Sam did really was not that much different. She browsed through movies.

These movies, however, all had the same main actress: herself. And it was clear, professional movies they were not. The budget for clothing probably also was quite minimal, as Sam was - well, naked in them. And not just naked, no: These little clips showed her in different types of public exposure.

These videos showed Sam getting gangbanged in a McDonald's Restroom. They showed her masturbating with a wine bottle on the beach. They showed her pussy gaping obscenely as a couple of men pissed on her. And they of course showed the celebration of her 21st birthday.

Watching these movies on the plane - where she sat fully exposed, her legs spread and her pussy lips being pulled open - had two main advantages for beautiful Sam: First, the people sitting next to her (or passing by) got a good idea of the kind of girl Sam really was. Or at least - a good starting point. The really bad stuff she had kept for later.

Second - it got her even hornier. Now, her cunt was perfectly exposed, with her lips stretched open, the view she offered was insane enough. But watching this video got her even more excited, and that meant: her clit was enlarged and nicely exposed, and her cunt became wetter by the moment, glistering with her juices.

Yes - she was ready to get fucked. She was ready to get really humiliated. And as soon as she would land, the real party for her would start. She could barely wait to set her plan into motion - getting raped somewhere in a subway station in the Bronx? Sign her up! Masturbating somewhere on some side street between trash bags and with rats running around? Sign her up! Finding the most cockroach-infested apartment and waiting for those bugs to explore her body? Sign her up.

Yes - this trip would be special for her, a real treat! She would find some new lows. And for the time being, she was stuck here in this plane, making sure as many people as possible got a good view of her nearly naked body. Yeah, her cunt was not supposed to be private or personal - it was public property.

But now it was time for Sam to get up - parade up and down the aisle for a while. She knew that the restrooms were all the way in the back of the plane - so naturally she decided to walk all the way to the front. Not bothering to really pull her top up or her skirt down, she strolled down the aisle - slowly and deliberate.

God, how she enjoyed being so exposed - with all the people sitting in their seats, her more than exposed cunt with the wet lips and the clit sticking out was more or less on face level with the people she passed by.

And as sitting on a plane tends to be quite boring - everybody took notice of Sam's exposed body. She made sure everybody got a good view, as she deliberately pranced down the whole aisle, only to turn around and move slowly to the back. Sam got wetter and hornier, thinking about all the people in their seat staring at her naked cunt. She needed to get fucked - urgently. Fucked and humiliated - more than her being more or less naked on the plane could offer.

Finally, Sam reached the toilets - and found them unoccupied. Entering the stall, Sam was upset that she had to lock the door behind her, otherwise the light would not go on. Okay, so no chance of somebody just stumbling in on her. But she needed something - now. Stripping off what little clothing she wore, she finally felt a bit freer.

She was naked. In a - as she noticed - extremely dirty plane toilet. God, her whole body was tingling, as she saw the piss stains all over the rim of the toilet. Should she dare? She needed to; she knew it. And she already had been practically naked as she walked through the plane. A plan started to hatch in her mind.

Getting down on her knees, she lowered her face to the rim of the toilet. Looking at all the piss stains close-up, she felt like she would come right there on the spot. Reaching with one hand behind her, she found her dripping pussy, only to insert three fingers into her wet, open cunt.

As she began pounding her own cunt in the uncomfortable position, her tongue darted out of her mouth, making contact with the dirty plastic of the plane toilet. At first slowly and carefully, she started toying with it - licking along its rim. As she got hornier and hornier, her licking motion became more and more passionate.

Soon Sam found herself close to orgasm, as she cleaned the toilet seat with her tongue. But she would not allow herself to cum - not just yet. She could not allow her mind to clear up, she needed to stay in this state, at least until she made it to the city and could really start her adventure.

Taking a little break, she admired her work: the toilet looked sparkling clean. Yes, she had done a good job cleaning it with her tongue. And Sam remembered one more thing: There was a second toilet. Right opposite this one. Separated just by the corridor of the plane. And she was still naked.

With a smile on her face, she knew what she had to do: Stuffing the minimal clothing she had to begin with behind the toilet seat, she turned to the door of the toilet. Not hearing any noises outside, she took a deep breath and opened the door.

There she was. Stark naked, her black body shivering from arousal, and her cunt grotesquely gaping open and dripping wet - in the back of a plane. She took a moment or two to take the situation in, almost coming on the spot. Luckily, the second toilet also was not occupied. Opening the door, she found a toilet even more dirty than the first one. Whoever had been in here last, had not done a good job cleaning up after themselves.

Piss did not only cover the toilet seat, droplets and what looked like a tiny puddle of piss was even on the floor in front of the toilet. Sam was in heaven, literally. Without thinking further, she dropped to her knees immediately - this time not even bothering to close the door behind her.

Given how small plane toilets were, this had an interesting effect: As she kneed in front of the toilet, her beautiful behind was sticking out into the open aisle of the plane. Whoever would turn around or walk towards the toilets would find a very naked Sam with a wide-open cunt.

And if they would come closer, they would see what she was doing: Almost lovingly, she lapped the dirty floor, making sure to consume all the piss there. She knew how dirty this was - people with their dirty shoes were walking there and somebody had literally pissed right there on the floor. And that is what she did now: Clean up all this mess with her tongue.

God, how she hoped somebody would take mercy and finally fuck her. But nobody did - so she eventually closed the door behind her, and decided to masturbate on the toilet to relieve a bit of the tension. No, she would not come - but it still counted for something. As she did so, she heard a noise. Fuck - somebody had entered the other toilet stall.

And this somebody had probably just found all her clothing, stashed away. Oh, this was not good, she knew. But - she also knew that in fact it was very good. This meant - she was now really naked. Naked and with NO more way to cover herself.

Her body would be completely exposed on the way back to her seat. People would not only see her cute little tits and her exposed cunt, but also her pristine asshole. Oh, she would make sure they would. And they would see the tattoos on her body - that very explicitly told the world who she was: a slut to be abused by everything and everyone.

Yes, she would make a good show out of this - and she knew just how to do it. Naked as the day she was born, Sam stepped into the aisle of the plane and let out a scream: Oh my goooood, all my clothing is just GONE! Acting upset and just a tiny bit out of her mind, Sam immediately caused quite a commotion.

Her loud scream had - of course - attracted the stares of half the people on the plane who turned their heads in disarray, seeing who had just lost her clothes. And all those that had turned around saw it: The ebony beauty, the slutty bombshell that they all had ogled before, had somehow managed to lose even the last bit of coverage.

Not moving, Sam touched her naked body as if to assess the state of her nakedness. Rambling along she kept fake-complaining: Oh my god how could this happen?! How did... I am NAKED! I mean, just look at me, there is... no coverage oh my GOD what am I going to do?!

With this one of the stewardesses came running down the aisle, trying to calm down the seemingly upset Sam. But Sam wouldn't have any of it: I need to get back to my seat. CAN'T YOU SEE, I am NAKED! For God's sake, my cunt, I mean my pussy... just look at me! Sam sobbed, barely able to conceal her smile.

Wait, wait - I... I got other clothes in my carry-on! Wait, please let me through! And with this Sam on very unsteady (but naked) feet pushed towards her seat. Slowly, as if not to fall, she made her way through the aisle, giving everybody a good opportunity to ogle her nakedness. Now - the fun part.

Sam was not a tall lady, quite the opposite. So, stretching herself to open the over-head compartments in order to reach her suitcase caused quite a challenge for her. And nobody offered to help. Frankly - everybody was too stunned to do anything but stare. Just as she had hoped for.

So, for a few moments, Sam tried to stretch herself, standing on her tip toes and wiggling her very naked butt around. But that didn't seem to do the trick, as she barely reached the compartment. Next step, she had to find better leverage.

Lifting her left leg, she put her foot on the seat, thereby spreading her legs nicely - offering a primetime view of her exposed cunt to the people in front of her and of her pristine asshole to the ones behind her. Finally, she managed to open up her suitcase (taking it down would have been too reasonable) and pull something out of there.

The problem was just - the something she pulled out, turned out not to be the desired clothing. What fell down to the cabin floor instead was one of Sam's toys. And not just any - it was the biggest dildo she owned, shaped like a horse cock.

And again, it was up to Sam to exclaim in feigned horror: OH MY GOD what is it that is happening here to me?! I am just trying to RECOVER MY MODESTY and everything goes wrong. Close to a panic, she picked up the enormous dildo that looked to be as big as her lower arm. What am I gonna do, I need to... Sam sighed, while waving the dildo around.

God, the embarrassment! I need to... I cannot keep this out here! And I can't reach my suitcase like this, Sam kept complaining. So, what was a girl to do? Looking around as if she was hoping to find some privacy, Sam shrugged, and placed the dildo against her wet and exposed cunt. Gaaawwd, she moaned, as she pushed the enormous dildo into her waiting hole.

Thanks to her incredible arousal (and her daily fisting sessions...) the dildo slipped in with one smooth motion, bottoming out against Sam's cervix. Yes, she was used to this: Her boyfriend always said her cunt was not good enough to be fucked - it deserved to be fisted and stretched far beyond its limits.

And that was her life - when it was not her boyfriend or one of his friends taking care of her cunt, it was Sam doing this joyful task herself. Or she found other people to do the trick. But back to the present: The dildo slid into her exposed cunt, stretching it to its very limits.

Sam enjoyed the sensation - her pussy lips stretched completely, barely accommodating the giant intruder. And the fulness inside her - you could even see the outline of the fake horse cock when looking at her slim body. And that's what everybody around her just did:

They looked. They gawked. Had this incredible bombshell - the naked girl in the middle of the plane - just jammed an enormous dildo up her cunt? Well, the evidence was clear, as the dildo still stuck out by two inches. Seemingly embarrassed, Sam tried to push a bit harder, giving up after a few thrusts with the dildo still sticking out by nearly two inches. Oh well, she sighed. Okay, back to finding my CLOTHING!

With this, she lifted her leg back up, giving an even better view of her grotesquely expanded cunt, the wetness dripping off her lips. Finally, she pulled out a piece of garment and exclaimed full of joy: FINALLY, I get my modesty back! I will dress up now.

And that she did - what looked like a dress on first glance, turned out to be a combination of a beach cover-up and a babydoll. Pulling the garment over her head a few things became obvious to anybody around Sam: It would not give her much modesty.

But Sam acted as if she was to be fully dressed again. Now, the piece of clothing was interesting. The top was made of a white lace material - and as it stretched over her tiny tits it was quite clear: her beautiful, pointed nipples would not be obstructed from view.

And as she smoothed the remaining material out, it became even more clear: Even when standing perfectly still, it ended two inches above the upper part of Sam's slit. There was no way, this dress would even come closer to covering her cunt (let alone the fake horse cock sticking out from it). Relieved, Sam plopped back down in her seat, while letting out a quick scream:

Ouch! Fuck, fuck fuck, that hurt! And of course, it hurt: She had managed to plop down in a way that forcefully shoved the enormous rubber cock even deeper inside her. But she was satisfied - sitting there, she knew what she had just done. But she acted as if everything was normal.

Looking down her body she saw her naked cunt - perfectly stretched out and gaping open. She felt the amazing fulness of being stuffed like this. Wiggling a bit around in her seat as if to get more comfortable, she spread her legs as wide as the limited room would provide.

Yes - that flight was as good as any flight could be. And to think of it - that was not even what she had ACTUALLY planned for this tiny vacation? This was still the part where she had promised herself to be decent-ish. Oh well - she looked forward to finally being in the city.

And what better way to arrive there than practically naked with a giant rubber cock stuffed out her exposed cunt? Right, none. Yeah, the airport toilets would be her first stop. She finally needed to get fucked.

And then - well she had mapped out her journey, she had not booked any accommodation. No, Sam had better plans to waste her time sleeping in some hotel. No, she had better plans: Homeless by choice, is what she called it.

Yes, she would avoid any idea of decency: She would spend as much time as possible naked and on her knees. Getting fucked, fist-fucked, abused, pierced, tattooed, humiliated. No, she was not in New York to have a one-night stand and get fucked in some fancy hotel.

She was in New York to visit the worst parts of the city - strip naked and get thrown into dumpsters. She was in New York to get her pretty black pussy filled with sperm, with piss, with filth. To get it stretched, abused, pierced, and exposed. To get her precious cunt turned into a literal dumpster, a place barely good enough for homeless men to spit into.

And then - for the flight back - a womb full of piss, dirt, bugs, filth. Then she would be really ready to put a show. God, she got hornier by the second as she sat there in the plane, her cunt filled to its maximum. Just a few hours from now, the real fun would start.

She was more than ready for this. It was not her first rodeo - she had experiences with getting fisted, even with getting things shoved through her cervix into her womb. She had experience with being used as a human urinal - but this trip, she hoped, would change everything.

Her ideal dream of how it would go? She would end up somewhere in an alley, naked. Her cunt gaping open, completely ruined. Her pussy lips pierced (no, not in a studio, she wanted to find some crazy bum somewhere who would torment her with some used needles. Preferably those used by the homeless junkies, or something straight out of a trash container. And yes, she wanted to get her cunt tattooed.

And with that she meant - the inside folds of her pink pussy laps. Let the homeless have fun with her, write there what they really thought of her. Hell, if she could choose and turn fantasy in a reality, she would be happy to get the inside of her cunt tattooed even. And her nipples - as she thought of this, she nearly came right there in the plane.

She had seen a video of a woman in a junkyard, surrounded by crazy bums who took turns driving needles and nails through the woman's nipples. Yes, that's what Sam desired more than anything!

That was not even yet the ultimate fantasy for her. No, there was so much more in store for her. She wanted to encourage the men to not only abuse her cunt, but to make it worse: expand her cervix, make sure not one part of her body was private or intact anymore.

She wanted them to take turns pissing into her wide-open womb. To spit into her. To dump unthinkable filth into her. To have a womb full of roaches while licking up dog piss. She wanted to enlarge her cervix enough to receive a real fist-fucking. Not one where just her cunt got battered, but where somebody's fist would end up beating up the inside of her womb.

Yeah - that is what she had hoped for. And for all this to be ultimate - no more normal life for her. No, Sam wanted to be known as the woman with the publicly available womb. With the dumpster womb - a place for homeless men to relieve themselves into. To put feces inside, to fill with used condoms and needles and glass shards. For what she was worth - let them put literal trash and garbage deep into her cunt.

No man should ever be able or willing to fuck her again. No, the idea was to be ruined - to give pleasure only through her humiliation. She wanted to turn this stunning body of hers into a canvas - her once so beautiful pussy pierced, enlarged, gaping open and tattooed even inside.

And with this, the captain announced they would be landing soon. Everybody was supposed to put all their luggage back in the overhead departments, stow away their electronics - the usual. That gave Sam one more good reason to stretch herself. Getting up, she performed the same ritual as before.

Lifting one leg up as high as she could on the armrest, she wiggled her exposed butt around, fumbling with her little suitcase. In the process she made sure to provide a good view of her wet and stretched out cunt. She still could barely believe how this flight had unfolded.

And - she could barely believe that by accident she had really managed to jam the enormous rubber cock all the way into her wet cunt. She loved the feeling of being filled out like this. And even more - she loved the way it looked: Given the huge girth of the fake horse cock, her pussy lips were completely unable to close back up. And well - her spreading her legs like this probably didn't help with giving off a very modest picture either.

Sam knew - the next time she would board a plane, she would look different. That is - she realized with a smile - if she would board a plane anytime soon. Yes, she had just planned to stay in the city for a while, but she knew about the risk she was taking.

Spending her time living on the street seeking out any possible abuse also offered a quite substantial risk above bodily harm: Somebody might take the liberty to drug her. Ship her off God knows where. Or take away her passport. Or do God know what with her phone. She had made sure to remove all security measures from it: no password, no passcode would protect all her personal data. Hell, she even made sure to unlock all her bank accounts, her email accounts everything.

It really was supposed to be a life changing trip - she would be at the mercy of her tormentors, her abusers. Her whole life would be exposed, not just her body. Her whole life would be ruined, not just her body. And God was she horny just thinking about this. There would be no more way for her to live a normal life - her fantasy was anything but a normal life.

15 more minutes until touchdown at JFK, the pilot announced. 15 more minutes - and Sam's heart was already pounding like crazy. She just couldn't resist reaching down with her hand to give her clit a quick stroke. Checking her own wetness, she let her fantasies take over her mind.

There she was - it must be in the middle of the nights, but the lights of the city still illuminate Sam's surroundings - and her naked body. Somewhere at a street corner in what clearly is a terrible part of the city. A few homeless men are standing around her - drinking from unidentifiable bottles.

And there is Sam: On her knees, her ass pointed up and her cunt and asshole exposed. Her beautiful perky tits rubbing against the dirty asphalt. Her face pressed into a puddle of yellow liquid. In the meantime, the men are lining up behind her with evil grins on their face.

On closer look, her asshole and pussy are not just naked, exposed. No, her cunt is stretched far. By the redness of her wet flesh, it's clear that she had just endured quite some abuse, probably getting fist-fucked for hours. And each of the tormentors in Sam's fantasy had a new type of horror waiting for her once pristine pussy - and womb.

Number 1 stepped forward, with his enormous fist ready to be shoved in Sam's womb. What only became visible then: his fist was not empty, but filled with a bunch of used condoms he had found in the trash bin.

Not playing around, the ugly old man just bends down and shoves his hand deep into Sam's enlarged cunt. At this point - it seems - even her cervix does not offer much of a resistance anymore, as three of his fingers push right through, depositing the used latex condoms full of cum into her open womb.

Satisfied, he steps back and looks at Sam's grotesque cunt - hanging open loosely, her womb partially exposed - and one of the condoms hanging halfway out of her stretched out cervix.

Number 2 steps forward, carrying a few used needles in his unwashed hands. Needle one finds its way right into Sam's exposed clit, causing her to shake in agony and ecstasy. Not impressed the man goes on, puncturing the flesh of Sam's exposed cunt with the needles, over and over again he torments her shivering cunt.

Finally satisfied after a few moments of tormenting her, he leans forward and whispers to her ear: And those were not new... you bet your ass they were not. Found them in the vet's dumpster. Leaving one of the needles puncturing and going right through Sam's clit, he makes way for the next evil man.

Number 3 first marvels at Sam's exposed cunt before taking out a phone - a shiny, brand-new iPhone actually. Pointing it right at Sam's exposed cunt, he starts taking videos. Zooming in on her ruined cunt, he tells Sam to explain what is going on. And full of joy she does: Turning her face back to the camera, she lets everybody who cares know what's going on: I am licking here... we found this puddle of piss. A few dogs... uuuuh, a few dogs pissed here, and I am licking it all up. In the meantime, you all... you know, the whole dozens of you, you all ruined me

You all ruined me, you fucked me, giving me all your nasty diseases and maybe getting me pregnant too oh god it feels so good. And you, you all pissed all over me, first. But that was not good enough. So, you fisted my cunt, getting it all nice and open. Fuck, one of you sick fucks, you shoved a foot up my cunt, hitting my poor poor cervix over and over oh god it hurt so much

But you don't care, you just want my womb. So, this motherfucker, he kept shoving and shoving until his dirty rotten toe entered my fucking womb. And you all cheered and laughed, and fuck, you took turns shoving up your nasty hands in my womb. There is... I am ruined. No more protection, my fucking womb man, it's... it's just a urinal now?!

You all made sure of this, you fucking pissed into my womb. And shoved... God what did this nasty fucker shove in there? Condoms you found lying in the trash? And... oh god please don't stop now. I know it can get worse, I know that, I need that.

What a good slut Sam was. And she did her best to perform, knowing that the phone that was pointed at her - was her very own. A live stream to Instagram, the dirty man had announced. What a lucky thing that all her apps were available.

As man number 3 kept filming, man number 4 stepped forward. He only asked Sam one question: Did we make you do this? And Sam panted: God no. It was all me. I... I made YOU do all this. I begged you. I licked your dirty shoes begging you to abuse me. And you... oh god you do. And I keep begging you to do me even worse.

Please, Sam kept begging, as the fourth man started shoving his brutal fist into her ruined cunt, please, destroy me. Please, take all my dignity, make my womb, make my womb your... uh, uh, she groaned before continuing: Please, make my sweet precious womb your trash bin. I want your... I want your piss, I want filth, I want, I need you...

As Sam was deeply indulged in this fantasy, she was ripped out of it by a sudden noise in real life: Back in the plane, Sam found herself halfway in a trance, as the plane started to descend. And Sam, engulfed in her disturbing fantasy, seemed to have put on quite a show for everybody around her.

Surrounded by the other people on the plane, during her fantasy she had apparently started to play with herself. Now, mind you, her cunt still was taken in by the giant rubber cock, that she had slammed up there earlier. So, while one of her hands was busy tugging on her enlarged clit, the other one was busy trying to jam the dildo even deeper into her wet, gaping cunt, her juices flowing down to her exposed asshole.

Yeah, Sam was ready for her little vacation. God, how she looked forward to the abuse she would suffer.
