Story: Sticky Vicky Straps It On

Vicky answered the door, and her boyfriend Rick walked in.  She wore a 
white dress with a hem that settled just above her knees, with white 
platform heels.  Her legs were bare, and she smiled dizzily at him.

"What kind of surprises do you have in store today?" Rick asked.  When 
Vicky dressed up like that it was always a sign that she had plans for 
their sexual excitement.

"We have an appointment," Vicky replied, and slipped a hand inside 
Rick's jeans.  She fingered his cock and felt it become firm.

"And this appointment is where?" he panted, his knees weakening from 
her sensual touch.

"At the colonic therapist," she answered with a bright smile.  "I told 
her I wanted to learn how to give my boyfriend enemas at home because 
of his 'problems'."  She raised her eyebrows so that horizontal 
wrinkles appeared on her forehead.  "And I know you'll play along.  I 
do want to learn how to do it."

Vicky slightly puckered her lips and gazed into his eyes.

"Mmmmm, Vicky," was all he managed to say, and pressed in for hungry 
kisses.

"Come on, let's go," she said after teasing him further with kisses 
and touching his cock.

When they got to the colonic center, a pleasant woman in her thirties 
with brown curly hair and dressed in street clothes introduced herself 
as Deanna.  She led them into a treatment room.  She saw Rick's 
nervousness and stammering during the interview as natural male 
shyness about the subject at hand.  Vicky, however, showed no signs of 
shyness when she stated that she wanted Deanna to teach her how to 
give enemas so that she could do that at home.

"At the center here we normally use the colonic irrigation equipment," 
Deanna stated.  "But I'd be happy to show you how to give an enema."

Rick's stomach fluttered when Deanna pronounced the word 'enema'.

"You'll need a regular size enema bag, some nozzles, a thermometer, 
and some enema soap," Deanna continued.  "Rick, you can take all your 
clothes off and I'll check your prostate before I show her how to 
prepare your enema."

Rick nervously shed his clothes as Deanna and Vicky watched.  Deanna 
slipped on a disposable glove and smeared her middle finger with 
petroleum jelly.

"Now bend over across the table here, and I'll show Vicky how to check 
your prostate."

Rick bent over and looked back at the two fully clothed women.

Deanna spread Rick's nether cheeks and inserted her lubricated finger. 
 Rick groaned at the intrusion.

"Feel around in there and you'll come to a smooth bulge a little 
larger than an almond.  Once you get to it, make sure it's not overly 
enlarged or mis-shapen.  Then press hard all around it to milk some of 
the prostatic fluid."

"Uhh!  Oh!  Ahhh!" Rick exclaimed, and twisted his hips as Deanna 
probed.

"It feels okay to me.  Now you try it.  Put on one of the gloves 
first."

Vicky retrieved a glove and stretched it over her hand.
She placed a generous glob of petroleum jelly on the middle finger of 
her gloved hand, and approached the bent-over Rick.  Following 
Deanna's example, she spread his nether cheeks and then inserted her 
finger.

"Mmmmmff!"

"Okay, I've found it," Vicky said.  "Now press on it?"

"Yes - you'll need to press fairly hard, several times."

"Uhh!  Ahhh!  OH!" Rick exclaimed, demonstrating to Deanna that Vicky 
was doing it right.

"Good.  Now you can withdraw and discard the glove," Deanna 
instructed.

Vicky slipped the glove off her hand and disposed of it.

"Now," Deanna lectured, "let's have Rick stand up and turn around."

Rick did as instructed and both womens' eyes zeroed in on his cock, 
which was semi-erect and obviously seeping.

Deanna grabbed a few pieces of tissue and, with a smile, milked the 
seepage.  After that, she wiped the tip of his cock with the tissues.

"Now we're ready to prepare the enema."

Deanna led Vicky over to the sink.

"We first prepare the solution in a separate canister.  This way we 
can get it at the correct temperature, which is 98 to 102 degrees.  
It's also described in a booklet that I'll give you.  I put a 
tablespoon of salt in the solution so it won't be absorbed too 
quickly."

Deanna placed the salt in the canister and filled it halfway with warm 
water, and then added hot and cold water until water of the correct 
temperature almost filled the container.  Then she opened a packet of 
enema soap and poured it in, and stirred slowly.

Then Deanna got the enema bag and attached a curved douche nozzle to 
the business end of the hose.

"I like to use a douche nozzle because the standard enema nozzles slip 
out too easily," she stated.

"Now this step is very important.  I'm going to run a little of the 
solution through the nozzle now to flush the air from the hose."

Deanna released the hose clamp for a few seconds, during which the 
nozzle spurted and jerked several times like a cock ejaculating.  Then 
she placed the bulging enema bag on a stand, with the nozzle laid 
casually on the examination table.

"Where will you be administering his enemas?" Deanna asked.

"In the bathroom area at home - it's fairly spacious, so I figure that 
would be the best place."

"I asked that because normally I'd have the recipient up on the 
examination table for his enema, but I want to simulate the 'enema at 
home' environment as much as possible."

Deanna fetched a large towel and placed it on the floor next to the 
examination table.

"Okay Rick, get on all fours here," Deanna instructed.  When he was in 
the ordered position, Deanna continued.

"Since he's already been lubricated for his prostate check we won't 
need to repeat that, although I will put some on the nozzle."  She 
placed a thin coating of the lubricating gel on the curved douche 
nozzle, and, with it in her hand, prepared to insert it.

"Put your head down now - all the way down till your forehead touches 
the towel...  Good.  I want you to stay in that position until I tell 
you to get up.  Vicky, the bottom of the enema bag should be about 18 
to 24 inches above the insertion point."

Deanna spread Rick's nether cheeks while Vicky looked on, and inserted 
the enema nozzle up to the hilt.  Then she opened the hose clamp, 
releasing the enema.

"Uhhhh," Rick moaned as the solution began to fill him up.

"Now we don't want the flow to be too fast, so I recommend backing off 
a little after the first few seconds," Deanna said as she partially 
restricted the flow.

"Now when he gets -"

"Aaaaaugh!" Rick exclaimed as a cramp gripped his insides.  He lifted 
his head so that his back was level.

"Get your head down!" Deanna snapped.  "Now rock back and forth, 
quickly, until the cramp goes away...  That's it, you can expect the 
cramp to dissipate in about ten to twenty seconds if you do that."

Vicky placed her hands between her thighs and bent over somewhat to 
take a closer look.  Her face registered rapt attention to the process 
as Rick panted, struggled, and groaned under the enema's intrusion for 
a few minutes.

"Ohhh!  Ahhh!  Oooooh!  Uhhhhhh!"

"There," Deanna said, "it's all in.  Now Rick, you've got to retain it 
for a few minutes.  Keep your head down and let the enema do its 
work."

"Oh... Oh, God, I'm full.   Aaaugh!"

Deanna smiled at Vicky, who smiled back in silent communication.

"Uhhh - can't I get rid of it now?!"

"Not quite," Deanna sang.  "I'll tell you when you can."  She turned 
to Vicky and said, "After the soapsuds enema I recommend a rinsing 
enema - just the water and salt.  You can do that at home later today 
if you'd like to."  Vicky nodded assent.

Rick continued to squirm and groan while Deanna and Vicky watched.  
After about five minutes, Deanna announced, "Okay, Rick - get rid of 
your enema and then you can get dressed."

Rick dashed to the bathroom and got rid of the enema while Deanna 
cleaned the equipment and gave Vicky some written information.

After they left the clinic, they stopped at a store.  Vicky purchased 
the requisite equipment and they hurried home.

"Take all your clothes off, love - I'm going to give you another 
ENEMA!" Vicky instructed with bright eyes, and laid a large towel on 
the bathroom floor.

Rick disrobed and watched Vicky prepare his second enema of the day.  
His erection hardened as Vicky went about her task and he recalled the 
two women watching him receive an enema scarcely a couple of hours 
ago.

"I'm going to use soap in this one," Vicky announced.  "There's 
something about soap and enemas that's just so...  sensuous!"  She 
bent her knees slightly and squeezed her thighs together.

She pulled on a disposable glove and looked at Rick with gleaming 
eyes.  "I'll check your prostate now - get down on all fours."  Then 
she placed her gloved finger in the jar of petroleum jelly and scooped 
a serving of the translucent lubricant onto the end of her finger.

Rick's insides fluttered as he knelt down and presented his bottom to 
his aroused and excited girlfriend.  She emulated Deanna and spread 
Rick's nether cheeks and inserted her lubricated and gloved finger.  
She wiggled it around inside.

"Now let's see if I can find your -"

"Uhhh!"

"There it is - now I'm supposed to press hard on it..."

"Aaaughhh!"

Vicky pressed her lips together as she firmly massaged Rick's 
prostate.  A few squirts of prostatic fluid traversed his cock, which 
felt almost pleasant to him.

"Okay," Vicky sang, "time for your ENEMA!"

She quickly prepared the soapsuds enema and placed it on the new stand 
that she purchased.  She lightly lubricated the douche nozzle and bent 
down as she inserted it.

"Get your head down -- all the way now."

With a sigh, Rick touched his forehead to the towel, and Vicky 
released the flow.  The enema began quickly coursing into Rick, and 
after a few seconds she decreased the flow.  The following several 
minutes saw Rick struggling to take the enema while Vicky looked on in 
ever increasing arousal.  When the full measure of the solution was 
inside, she had him retain it for a few minutes, and then let him up 
to expel.  She also told him to take a shower afterward, and they'd 
'play' some more.

When Rick entered Vicky's bedroom after his shower, he was treated to 
a sight he had never seen before - Vicky was naked, smiling, standing 
with her legs spread and her hands on her hips - with a strap-on probe 
dangling between her legs.  There was no doubt what Vicky intended to 
do with the probe.

"Now I know why you wanted to do the enema thing," Rick concluded, and 
Vicky nodded.

"On the bed now, love.  Face down."

With a mixture of excitement and trepidation, Rick got on the bed and 
looked back at Vicky.  She retrieved a squeeze bottle of lubricant and 
climbed on the bed, straddling Rick's legs.

"Relax back there," she giggled, and spread his nether cheeks with one 
hand and squeezed some lubricant until it messily spilled on his 
opening and surrounding area.  As Rick felt the lubricant ooze and 
trickle, Vicky poked her finger inside his opening and placed some of 
the slippery substance inside.  Then she generously lubricated her 
probe, and with both hands, spread open Rick's nether cheeks.

She positioned her hips so that the tip of her strap-on probe was 
against Rick's opening.  She giggled, and pushed the probe in about 
two inches, then paused.

"Ohhhh!"

Vicky giggled some more, and slowly pushed until the probe was in all 
the way.

"Uhhhhhh - ahhhhhhhhh!"

"Oh, this is good," Vicky giggled, and paused with the probe all the 
way in to the hilt.  Rick felt full, and had to admit that it felt 
good when the probe pressed against his prostate.

Still holding her lover's cheeks apart, Vicky took some long strokes 
with her probe, while Rick groaned and squirmed.

"Do you need more lube?" she asked.

"Uhhh - yeah!"

She pulled out and placed more lubricant on her probe, and then 
entered him up to the hilt again.  Then she lay forward until she was 
prone on top of him, and extended her legs alongside his, holding him 
in place with her hips and legs.  Then she pumped her hips and fucked 
him with her strap-on.

Rick punctuated each inward thrust with an exclamation, and soon Vicky 
joined in with open-mouthed moans of pleasure.  She took him this way 
for a few minutes until he told her he needed more lubricant.  She 
pulled out and smeared additional lubricant on her probe.

Then she had Rick get up on his knees, with his head down, in the 
enema position, and entered him again.  As she began to pump, she 
reached around and grasped Rick's cock in her lubricated hand.

As Vicky fucked with the strap-on, she concurrently stroked and 
fingered her boyfriend's cock and testicles.  She kept this up several 
minutes, until he profusely ejaculated in her hand.  She pulled out, 
removed the strap-on harness and told him to turn over.

Rick turned over on his back.  Vicky giggled while she smeared the 
sticky substance all over his cock and testicles.  She kept going 
until he developed an erection, and then she straddled his midsection. 
 She lengthily rode him until he spurted inside her.

After that, strap-on play became a regular part of their life.  Vicky 
often jilled herself while giving Rick his enemas.  They tried 
different positions for the strap-on, some of which Vicky especially 
liked.  One was for Rick to lie on his back by the edge of the bed, 
while Vicky, standing, entered him, her knees bent to achieve the 
correct height.  Rick then put his feet up on Vicky's shoulders.  
After mercilessly pumping him for several minutes, she used her 
skilled hands on his cock and testicles, while continuing to pump, 
until he spurted wildly.  Another favorite of hers was for Rick to 
simply lie face down and submit while she lay prone on top of him.  
She fucked hard and reveled in his exclamations as she insatiably 
pumped.  If she didn't climax while fucking Rick with her strap-on, 
she had him orally service her before she let him enter her.


-----
Copyright 2004 by (rick_oh at onolanke.router5.com).  All rights reserved.
No reposting without permission.
