
                          Runs in the Family


       --------------------------------------------------------
       This work is copyrighted to the author 2005.  Please
       don't remove the author information or make any changes
       to this story.  You may not repost this without the
       expressed permission of the author.

       Thank you for your consideration.
       --------------------------------------------------------

Runs in the Family (m+/f,oral,inc)
by Harry Perry (harryperry55@gmail.com)

                                 ***

This is a short story about my little sister and her experience in the
boys' shower.  It's based on a Milo Manara cartoon panel.

                                 ***


My sister is three years younger than I am, and this all happened when
I was about 17 so, I guess, she was only 14.  We had never shown any
sexuality around each other before, and, I guess, it never even
occurred to me.  Even though my friends had made some comments about
how cute she was and how she was filling out real nicely, I didn't
really notice, except in a clinical sort of way.

One day, my team had won a really tough game, and we were taking an
especially long time in the locker room celebrating.  Actually, we
talked and screwed around for a good half hour before we started
getting undressed and taking our showers.

I guess Mom was getting impatient waiting for me so we could all get
home and sent Sis to find me.  At the time, our family only had one
car, and Mom had to drive us everywhere.  I was so into the fun we
were having that I forgot all about her.

Sis supposedly told her that I was in the boy's locker room, but Mom
didn't listen and just ordered her to get me and not return without
me.  According to Sis later, I guess some guy was hitting on Mom, and
she was kind of digging it.  She wanted to get rid of Sis for a few
minutes so she could flirt.

Anyway, seeing an opportunity, Sis headed right over and walked right
into the boy's locker room like it was okay or something.  A bunch of
the guys that were already half dressed made some noises and comments,
but Sis ignored them.  She noticed me in the shower, found a bench
across from where I was showering, and sat down to wait.

The way the showers were laid out, and from where she was sitting, she
had a full view of the showers and anybody using them.  The bench was
just below a bunch of hooks where our towels were hanging and was
there for us to sit on while we dried off.  Sis just sat there, about
10 feet from a dozen naked boys, and watched us all showering.  She
acted like this was something she did all the time and enjoyed every
second of it.  She just sat, dressed in her yellow sun dress, prim and
proper, and watched us all, making no effort to hide her interest in
the naked bodies in front of her.

"What are you doing in here?" I asked, keeping my back toward her to
hide my own nakedness.  "This is the boy's locker room!  You're not
allowed in here!"

"Mom says I'm supposed to come get you, and I'm not allowed to return
without you," she answered in a kind of snooty tone.

"Well, shit!" I exclaimed.  "Can't you wait outside or something?"

"Nope, I'm waiting right here until you're ready."

I kept my back to her until I finish my shower, kind of embarrassed
that she might be watching me, although she appeared to be watching us
all.  I couldn't help but wonder where she got the balls to come in to
a boy's locker room and watch guys take a shower.  Most of the other
guys made a number of rude remarks, grabbed their towels and
disappeared behind the lockers to get dressed and out of there,
obviously uncomfortable with having a young girl watching them.

Three of the more obnoxious guys on the team went over and started
talking with her.  I was actually kind of impressed with them because
they just stepped out of the shower and walked over to her dripping
wet.  They showed absolutely no modesty and acted as if they were
completely dressed and just flirting with some girl at a game.  None
of them used their hands to hide their genitals or even tried to grab
a towel with which to cover up.

My sister took it all in stride and actually flirted back a little.
She seemed to like the attention and wasn't at all shy about looking
at any part of the boys' bodies.  I realized she was being well
entertained by the boys, so I turned to watch.  I was curious just how
far this would go, and I also wanted to protect her if things got out
of hand.

The guys started telling jokes and riddles that got raunchier and
raunchier.  Sis laughed at them all and even embellished them a
little, which just encouraged them.

Finally, one of the guys told a joke that made fun of the size of a
guy's cock.  They all laughed at the joke, and my sister quipped, "Not
that any of you guys have a problem in the size department."  As she
said it, I noticed she let her eyes scan over each of their cocks
before her and smiled.

I was in shock!  This was my little sister talking.  She was just a
kid!  I felt like I should do something, but my cock was getting hard,
and I didn't want her to see it.

One of the guys said to my sister, "So, which of us do you think is
the biggest?"

My little 14-year-old sister nonchalantly leaned forward and examined
each of the three cocks waving at her eye level no more than a foot in
front of her face.  As casual as one could imagine, she said, "Hmmm,
let me see."

I couldn't believe what was going on.  For one thing, my little sister
was actually inspecting three guys' cocks, close up.  For another,
these three guys were doing whatever they could to let her look
closely and make a decision.  Two of the guys pushed their hips toward
her, giving her a real close up view, and the third guy put one foot
up on the bench beside her to present himself to her better.  At this
point, my cock was almost fully erect, and I was now completely
captivated to see what happened next.

At about that moment, I saw one of the guys who she was not focused on
at the moment quickly give his cock a stroke.  I think he thought no
one saw him, but he was wrong.  One of the other guys immediately
yelled, "Foul!"

It was obvious, even from where I was standing, that the guy's cock
had started to grow and was considerably larger just from that one
quick stroke.

"Oooh," my sister said, noticing how much bigger his cock had gotten,
"what happened to yours?"  As she leaned in to inspect it further, she
added, "It's getting all hard and a lot bigger.  He's definitely the
winner."

A big argument ensued, and the guys finally convinced my sister that
this guy had cheated.  They wanted her to compare them all in the same
state.  When she hesitantly agreed, they then claimed that theirs
would get even bigger if she would be willing to help.  Innocently,
Sis asked, "What do I have to do?"

She was instructed to hold each one of them in her hand for just a
moment.  Oh, now this was getting to be too much!  Are these guys
going to get my sweet little innocent sister to jack them off?  If I
wasn't so turned on myself, I would have stopped them right then.

Without any hesitation, Sis took each cock in turn and held it in her
small hand.  It was obvious that she was enjoying the feeling of the
boys' cocks grow, and she started squeezing them to sense how hard
they were.  It appeared that she thought they would grow indefinitely
as long as she kept fondling them.  I watched as she went from one to
the other pulling and stroking their hard-ons.  Every time she stopped
stroking one so she could go to the next, there would be a moan of,
"Don't stop, please!"  Each of the guys tried to convince her that she
should keep up her stroking because they needed to get bigger for her
to compare, and my little sister was more than willing to oblige.

Finally, one of the guys couldn't take it anymore and suddenly jerked
his hips forward.  Without more than a grunt, he just started cumming
in Sis' hand.  I guess it was inevitable.

Again I was shocked because Sis didn't act at all surprised, grossed
out or anything.  I was sure that she would pull back, get grossed out
or stop.  I pictured her crying out in disgust and running, but she
didn't.  She seemed fascinated in the reaction to her touch.  As soon
as this guy's cum started flying from his cock, she just kept stroking
until he was done.  As a matter of fact, it looked like she stroked
harder and faster as if knowing this would make his orgasm better.

When he finally pulled away, the other two guys begged her to do them
next.  She seemed to just pick one of the two hard cocks that bounced
in front of her face and stroked it to climax.  There was no
hesitation and no further interest in comparing them.  Her focus was
just on bringing the cocks in front of her to orgasm.

This was my supposedly innocent little sister who was jacking off
these three guys.  What blew me away was she didn't seem at all
surprised, disgusted, excited or anything.  She did it like it was
something she did every day.  It appeared like she knew exactly what
she was doing and was perfectly happy and willing to satisfy these
boys.

With the second guy finished, Sis turned to the third and said, "Okay,
your turn!"  She just grabbed his cock and started going to town.  In
just a matter of seconds she had another cock cumming in her hand.
Like a pro, she squeezed and pulled on it until the last drop oozed
from the end and it had shriveled up to its flaccid state.

The third guy took off and joined the other two in getting dressed and
out of the locker room.  Now, only Sis and I were there and all was
quiet.

I wasn't sure what to do.  My cock was fully erect and standing
straight out from my groin.  I was still facing Sis after watching the
little show she had just put on.  I saw her look over at me and
watched her eyes drop to my groin.  At first I was too stunned to do
anything.  Then I had an urge to cover myself up, but another part of
me wanted her to see how turned on I was.

The other part of me won out, so I turned the water off and walked
over to my sister.  I was dripping wet and my cock was so hard, it
throbbed with my heartbeat.

When I was standing directly in front of her, I didn't bother to grab
a towel, I just stood there with my straining hard-on right at her eye
level.  She just stared at it and didn't even look up at my face.

"Hmmm, bro'," she said, "looks like you would have been the real
winner if you had have been in the contest."

As I looked down at my little sister, I notice that she had cum all
over her face and in her hair.  Big globs of it were dripping down her
cheek, on the bridge of her nose and across her forehead, not to
mention the globs that were scattered all through her dark hair and
staining her sundress.

I offered to wipe the cum off of her face, but she pushed my hand
away.  She just sat there and stared at my hard cock.

Finally, she looked up into my eyes and said, "Looks like it's your
turn, now."

I couldn't believe my ears!  This was my little sister talking.  She'd
never seen me naked before (that I knew of) and, here she was,
offering to jerk me off.

Unintentionally, my cock jerked with the thought of her doing me, and
she smiled as she took it in her hand and started stroking it gently.
She watched the head grow even bigger as she squeezed and pulled on my
cock until a drop of pre-cum bubbled out of the pee-hole.

"Oooh, what is this?" she asked as she pulled my cock closer to her
lips.  She gave the tip of my cock a kiss and let her tongue flick out
and wipe the pre-cum off.  As if she forgot that I was even in the
room with her, she kissed my cock head again but, this time, let her
lips slide over it until the bulging bulb was completely in her mouth.

In a matter of seconds, I had the most intense orgasm I've ever had.
Initially, she started to gag on my cum but soon gained control over
herself and let the rest of it shoot into her mouth, against her
tongue and ooze out the sides.  For whatever reason, she didn't want
to swallow my cum, and she didn't seem to mind having it in her mouth.
As if it was instinct, she pumped my cock vigorously as my orgasm
continued.

I must have pumped a cup of cum between her sweet lips before I was
finished.  She just continued to stroke me and squeeze every drop out
until it was clear there was no more.

"Mmmmm," she moaned, releasing my cock.  Half mumbling from the full
load in her mouth, she said, "I like the way it tastes."  I watched
her as she ran her tongue across her lips and played with the white
goo.

I grabbed my towel, and Sis followed me over to my locker.  She sat on
the bench and watched me dry off and put on my clothes.  She seemed
fascinated in my body, and especially my cock, unable to take her eyes
away.

When I was just about ready to go, I looked at my sweet, cum-covered
sister and asked, "Don't you want to clean up a little before we
leave?"

"No, that's all right," she answered while not swallowing the white
jizm still in her mouth.

"Aren't you afraid Mom's going to see it?"

"No.  Besides, if she does, I'll just tell her it's face cream and
wipe it off then."

I shrugged my shoulders and decided not to worry about it.

She was still rolling my cum around in her mouth as we left the locker
room.  She took my hand and held it as we walked down the school
halls.

The three guys that she had played with just a few minutes earlier
were in the hall discussing what fun they had just had and noticed us.
Surprisingly, they all were very polite and thanked her and told her
what a good time they had (I guess they were hoping she would do it
for them again sometime).  Sis didn't answer but nodded to them that
she had heard them.

The guys were a bit surprised that she didn't say anything and
pressured her to tell them why.  She replied by opening her mouth real
wide and let them see the white cream that she was still playing with.
Then she took a big swallow and, cocking her head toward me, said, "I
was just enjoying his."

Without another word, she turned on her heel and pulled me down the
hall toward where our Mom was waiting.  "Come on, bro, we gotta
hurry."

"I can't believe you did that!" I exclaimed as we left the guys in
shock.

"Neither can I," she admitted.  "You have no idea how much it turned
me on, though.  Now they know that you shot yours into my mouth, and I
bet they're all jealous."

There was no doubt about that!  Just the thought of the fact that she
knew what she was doing and flaunting it got my cock excited again.  I
couldn't believe it was turning me on.

Then, after a few more steps she added, "That's why I don't want to
clean up.  It is turning me on to be walking around with their stuff
all over me where everyone can see it."

