Final Fantasy Seven: TFLN Cues
(Texts from Last Night)

Rating: T
BETA: Ziggy Pasta…
Cue: my brother is so whacked out…
Warning: Remnants and drugs.
Disclaimer: Don't own FF7 Fandom, just using for my own amusement. Do not profit from this endeavour.
Characters: Yazoo, Kadaj and Loz
POV: Kadaj

BELLY BUTTON

He finally had the plan to get out finalized. He had it all worked out and everything in place for their escape. Now he just needed the help of his brothers so they can find their mother and achieve the reunion.

He tried to act morose as he was being returned to his room. He had all new clothes that he knew would fit himself and his brothers, and he knew it would please them.

~hospital gowns really suck~

Kadaj couldn't suppress a smile as the door unlocked. Wearing real clothes, on real motorcycles, and then they could find mother.

The strangest sound was coming from the room.

~is that sobbing?~

He ignored the lab guard and charged into the room to see his two brothers in tears.

"What the hell?" he yelled as they both sat on the edge of the same bed. Loz always cried over the silliest things, so he was used to the constant bawling that would come out of the big man.

But Yazoo was crying too. He had his hand over his belly and was whimpering. Loz had an arm around his shoulder and had his face buried into him.

The guard grunted, "What a bunch of pussies," and left.

~I'll make sure he's one of the first to die~

The door closed behind him and he looked at his two sobbing brothers. "What the hell happened to you two?" He frowned as his plan was being pushed aside.

~again~

"Look brother," Yazoo gasped and raised his shirt. Tears fell at a new pace from his eyes. Yazoo showed him his perfectly flat and lean belly and ran his hand up and down his own flesh.

"And what am I supposed to be looking at?" Kadaj said as he walked over to his brothers.

Loz spoke. "Yaz hurt his leg."

Kadaj didn't notice the bandages until that moment. Blood was colouring his thigh. "What happened?" he demanded, grabbing his brother's face in his hands. He looked deep into his eyes. "How did you get hurt?"

Yazoo let out a small sob. It was Loz that answered, "They pitted him up against a Red Dragon and it skewered him. I couldn't stop it." Loz was at least trying to stop his tears.

"How bad is it?' He ran a hand over the bandage. Yazoo didn't flinch at the touch but, Kadaj saw his hand become stained with the blood. It must have been a deep wound.

"They gave him some pills," Loz said.

Yazoo gave out another sob and looked down at his belly. "Isn't it just adorable? I think I need a picture because it's the cutest belly button ever!"

Kadaj closed his eyes, took a deep breath, and clenched his fist. "What did they give him?"

Loz cringed and shrugged, sniffing his own tears.

~escape will have to wait for another day~

my brother is so whacked out on percocet from hurting his legs that he started crying because his belly button was so cute".- inspirational text, bela was requesting something with Yazoo…. First time writing with the Remnants...