Author: mypenname3000
Title: Owning a Maid Harem Chapter Thirty: Sister Maid's Relaxing Embrace
Summary: The harem flys to Japan to stop another monster.
Keyword: mF mf mc inc oral viol

Characters

Main Characters

Lance Hayward: New Master of Hayward Manor.
Cali: The purple-eyed maid with a mysterious past. Has the Golden Garter.
Maria Hayward: Lance's mother. Has the Silver Garter and is his Mommy-Maid.
Kylie Hayward: Lance's little sister. Has the Pink Garter and his Little Sister Maid.
Ms. Lynette Docea: Lance's history teacher. Has the Light-Blue Garter and is his Teacher-Maid.
Nancy Heres: Lance's aunt and mother's sister. Has the Red Garter and is his Aunt-Maid.
Bella Miles: Lance's best friend. Has the Yellow Garter and is his Maid-Wife.

The Daughter Maids  Bronze Garters
Angela Hayward: Lance's daughter with his mother.  
Chastity Hayward: Lance's third daughter with his mother.
Delilah Hayward: Lance's fourth daughter with his mother.
Virginia Hayward: Lance's second daughter with his mother. 

The Virgin Maids  Pink Garters
Ashley: Student
Brenda: Student
Heather Goldsmith: Daughter of the jewelry shop owner.
Janiqua: Student
Rashimi: Attends First Baptist
Tabitha: Kylie's best friend
Zeta: Attends First Baptist

The Wise-Maids  Gray Garters
Abigail Wright: Curator at the Museum of Neolithic History
Asuka: Student
Marsha Peterson: PHD in Celtic Mythology
Mrs. Johnson: Teacher
Mrs. White: Principal
Sister Martha Ruth: Nun at St. Theresa

The Slut-Maids  Orange Garters
Alisha: Shop girl
Deborah: Aunt Nancy's eldest daughter.
Deidre: Attends First Baptist
Izzy: Aunt Nancy's youngest daughter.
Ji-Woo Im: Runs Happy Touch Massage Parlor
Seo-Yun Choe: Masseuse at Happy Touch Massage Parlor

The Concubine-Maids  Green Garters
Alice: Student
Carla: Cheerleader
Felicity: Student
Gloria: Student
Mrs. Kenning: Mother to Opal
Mrs. Miles: Bella's mother
Opal Kenning: Bride going to marry Clint Hartford.
Veronica: Student

The Demon-Maid  Black Garter
The Seductress: An imprisoned in the flesh.

Other Characters

Aleister Hayward: Brought the manor from England to America
Clint Hartford: Groom going to marry Opal Kenning
Coach Richards: Teacher
Daffodil: Attends First Baptist
Derrick: Rick Reynold's best man, banging his bride.
Lana: Attends First Baptist
Mortimer Hayward: Lance's dead uncle, previous owner of Hayward Manor.
Mr. Carter: Teacher
Mr. Goldsmith: Won of the men who owns Goldsmith & Sons Jewelry.
Mr. Jordan: Teacher
Pita: Attends First Baptist
Rick Reynolds: Groom goign to marry Rita Carlyle.
Rita Carlyle: Bride going to marry Rick Reynolds. Cheating on him with his best man.
Sister Shannon Ester: Nun at St. Theresa, killed by Malevolence
Ursula: Attends First Baptist
Young-Ja Choe: Masseuse at Happy Touch Massage Parlor
Yuki Hanada: Shrine Maiden at the Tsukuyomi Shrine on Sanuki Island in mountains

The Imprisoned

The Gizzamuluke
The Hagazim
Lady Smiles
The Maggotborn
Malevolence
The Misshapen
The Ripper
Smiles
The Stalker
The Tempest
The Twin
The Warmth
The Weeper
The Woods
Lance Hayward

Japan? I asked my purple-eyed maid as the dining room of my mansion echoed with the celebration. 

It was a happy occasion. I had proposed to Bella, giving her an engagement ring to make our marriage official. I wanted her to have a proper wedding. To look radiant in her bridal gown as she marched down the aisle.

And now one of the monsters from the other side of the Hay, one of the nightmares from the Otherworld, had invaded. And in Japan. Jesus, that was on the other side of the world. How long would it take us to get there?

Really? I asked.

She's correct, Master, whispered Asuka. She knelt before me, drool running down her chin. She had just sucked my dirty dick clean and swallowed my cum. She studied her phone. My computer is predicting that there's a 74.583 percent of an incursion at a shrine in Japan.

We must leave at once, Master, said Cali, her purple eyes almost glowing.

The sounds of passion petered out around us. The other maids who had been celebrating were pulling away from each other. The black eyes of the Seductress fixed on me, an eager smile on her lips. Deidre stood over her, the preacher's daughter gripping the golden leash.

Bella sat up from the table, licking her lips clean of pussy juices. Her new engagement ring sparkled on her finger as she stared at me with a question. My hands balled into fists. This was supposed to be a happy time. 

We had been back a day. A fucking day.

How many can fit on the plane? I asked. Cali had told me once that I had a plane to fly my maids around the world.

Half of the full harem, Cali said. You, me, plus twenty-five maids and the two pilots. However, we do not have any pilots in the harem.

And it really is in Japan? I asked again. I couldn't believe it was so far away.

She nodded.

How long will it take to fly there?

Fourteen hours, said Asuka. I'm sorry Master.

Fly there? asked Mom as she pressed up toward me. What is going on?

We're heading to Japan, Ms. Docea said. She had been nearby watching Asuka suck my dick clean. There's an incursion there.

Ms. Docea, I said, having no idea where you would call to do this. Hire pilots. We need them to meet us at our plane to fly us to Japan.

On it, Master, she said and shoved her hand into a skirt pocket and pulled out a phone. She started tapping the screen. She must be searching for where you would even hire pilots. After a moment, she held the phone to her ear, making a call.

Who's going, Master? Aunt Nancy. Did I hear correctly that it's twenty-five maids?

I nodded and started thinking about that. All my maids were crowding around us. I glanced at the Seductress. She was dangerous. Bound under my power, but she had to be fucked every hour by me or a special golden dildo to keep that. I could take her along, but...

No, no, it was too dangerous. I didn't know what she could do. And we didn't need her to take on an Imprisoned. We had captured Malevolent and the Seductress. So who would go? I had more than twenty-five maids.

You and all your maids for a start, Aunt Nancy, I said. That was seven. Eighteen left. Plus Bella, Mom, Kylie, and Ms. Docea.

Kylie bounced up and down in delight while Bella nodded. Should I take her? She had my son growing in her belly. The only heir to Hayward Manor and the Golden Power. But she was one of my primary maids. She had power. She looked relieved to be going.

That left... fourteen more maids. I had to take a mix of each of the other colors. Angela and Virginia, I said, rattling off two of my Daughter-Maids. For healing and support.

Master-Daddy, Angela said and took her little sister's hand. They both looked so much alike, but there were differences between the two fourteen-year-old maids. We won't fail you.

I nodded. For the Virgin maids, I would take... Tabitha, Janiqua, and Zeta.

Zeta blinked. She was one of the newest maids recruited right before we had gone to the Otherworld. Tabitha grabbed Kylie's hand. They were best friends. Janiqua took in a deep breath and nodded.

Asuka, of course, I said, glancing down at her. She was Japanese, so she would be useful. Mrs. White, and... Marsha. I spotted her first. That covered the gray garter maids. That left... six maids. My cadre of Concubine-Maids would fill that out. My bodyguards. Veronica, Gloria, Carla, Mrs. Miles, Opal, and Mrs. Kenning. That should be all of them right? Twenty-five.

Yes, Master, said Aunt Nancy, an excited look in her eyes. 

We won't fail you, Master, Mrs. Kenning said. She stood by her daughter, my Bridal-Maid. Opal wore her wedding veil with her maid's outfit. 

Let's do this, whooped Carla. The Hispanic Cheerleader-Maid did a high kick that flashed her shaved pussy. Let's stop this monster!

Sister Martha Ruth, I said, spotting the nun. You're in charge. Make sure the Seductress is kept subdued. I want her fucked hourly. Retreat the maids not going to the living area and seal the door. No leaving it. And make sure at least three maids are with the seductress at any given time.

Of course, Master, the Maid-Nun said, curtsying. She clapped her hands and barked out, Felicity, take the leash from Deidre. Let's go, ladies. We'll have to wait for our Master's return. 

Felicity grabbed the leash as the other maids who weren't going glanced at me. My newest Daughter-Maid threw her arms around me and gave me a goodbye kiss. Delilah was a sweet thing. Heather, the maid Kylie had recruited while buying the wedding ring, hugged me next. 

She had only been in the harem for hours.

Good luck, Master, the sweet girl said. 

I smiled at her and mustered all my confidence. It'll be fine. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Ms. Lynette Docea

Finally, after being transferred three times. Staffing, how may I help you?

Hi, this is Lynette from Hayward Manor, I said, knowing that speaking those words used the magic of the Haywards to mind-control people, and we need two pilots ASAP. 

Okay, she said. Flying what type of plane.

I glanced at Cali. Plane?

A Gulfstream V, she told me.

I relayed that to the woman who I spoke to who asked the follow-up question, And where's the jet at?

I shot Cali another look, asking, Location?

Carlyle Field, the maid said, her purple eyes deep and unreadable. 

It's at Carlyle Field, I said, a small regional airport that was near us. And we need them, ASAP. You can get them there in an hour if you rush them. Thank you. Thank you so much.

It's for Hayward Manor, the woman said. I doubted she had even heard of us before, but that name opened doors. They'll be there. It'll cost

Just bill the estate, I said and hung up, glancing at Master. He had observed the entire thing. The maids staying behind had already left the room. They'll be there, Master.

Good work, he said as Cali pulled out her own phone and walked to the side. 

It was strange seeing a being from the Otherworld using the phone.

Mrs. Miles, Mrs. Kenning, and Opal, drive the vehicles, Master ordered, his voice confident. The limo and two SUVs should be enough to get us to the airport. I suppose we can leave them there for our return.

They can park in the hanger, Master, Cali said, lowering her phone.

You need to wear some clothes, Master, Bella said as the three maids I named headed off. I'll get you some.

Wait, Master said. It's after dark. That was true, but the amount of cleaning we had done today would keep the Imprisoned from stirring. Mom, and Aunt Nancy, go with her.

Yes, Master, Mrs. Hayward and Nancy said at the same moment.

Bella paused and nodded. The three darted off as the other maids who were going were all bouncing with excitement. The plates and food would have to be cleaned up in the morning by the maids left behind. 

Fourteen hours, Master said, worry on his face. Let's gather in the entrance hall.

The harem moved around Master. Carla and Veronica took point while Gloria stood right behind Master, watching over him. His Daughter-Maids and Kylie stood close to him with Tabitha right beside her friend. I walked at the rear of the party with Martha.

We reached the entrance hall. Cali flung the doors open. In moments, two SUVs with the limo between them pulled up. Mrs. Miles drove the Limo. She stepped out of it and opened the back door. Master hesitated, but just then Bella, his mother, and his aunt rushed down the stairs with some clothes for him to wear. He was naked. Sexy and naked.

We rushed forward and split up into three groups. I went into the main limo with Master along with Bella, Kylie, his mother, and his aunt. Cali joined us in there, of course. We sat down on the seats with Izzy riding shotgun with Mrs. Miles. 

The vehicles pulled out from the manor and sped down the driveway. Leo leaned back against the seat with Kylie and Bella on either side of him. He sighed and started dressing in the blue jeans and t-shirt that was given to him. 

Fourteen hours, he said. And it'll be longer with getting the plane ready and landing when we're in Japan.

I texted Asuka, Make travel arrangements for when we get to Japan.

On it, Asuka replied. She wasn't in this limo.

It took us thirty minutes of speeding to reach Carlyle Field. I had never been here before, but we were let in a security gate and drove into the airfield to a hangar that was bustling with activity. There was a ground crew readying the Gulfstream V, a sleek jet.

How did they know to have the plane ready? Lance asked as he stepped out dressed. Nancy and her maids fanned out before everyone, looking on guard. Bella and her maids ringed around Lance, eyes wary.

I called them, Master, Cali said. I didn't expect another incursion so soon. I am sorry. I should have suggested we recruit the pilots by now.

It was another ten minutes before the pilots got here. Two men who were wearing uniforms that showed up in the same car. Both looked young. I hoped they had the experience to do this. They moved over to us.

Captain Murray, the slightly older of the two men said. He did have a professional demeanor. I'll be your pilot. This is my copilot.

Jensen, Mr. Hayward, the other said and shook Lance's hand.

Good, Lance said. You've flown Gulfstreams before.

Yep, Captain Murray said. For the Coast Guard before I got out last year. Where are we flying.

Japan, Lance said.

Japan's the size of California with a lot of airports, sir, said Captain Murray while his copilot pulled out a tablet and started tapping on it.

Nagasaki, Asuka said. 

Right, the guy said. Is there an IFR flight plan already filed with the FAA?

You'll have to do that, Lance said. Just say it's for Hayward Manor. It'll be approved.

We'll need thirty minutes to do our preflight checklist and file the IFR, the captain said.

Lance sighed and nodded. Right now, something foul from the Otherworld was prowling in the world. Who knew what harm it caused? I closed my eyes, trying not to remember what happened to the other nun. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Lance Hayward

Finally, we were in the air. I sat in my seat. It was surprisingly cramped in the Gulfstream V. It was a big enough plane, but twenty-seven passengers made for close seats. There was a bathroom and a small galley with some frozen dinners that Mom would prepare. It was also stocked with drinks.

My maids were all chatting while the hum of the engines filled the plane. I sat down in my chair across from Cali, our seats facing one another. I unbuckled my seatbelt now that we were at cruising altitude.

Fourteen hours, I whispered. How many will be hurt by then?

Cali fixed me with her purple eyes. It depends on what sort of entity crossed over. They don't all want to kill. Well, not right away. Some want to torment. Confuse. Bewilder. Drive someone unto madness.

Fuck, I muttered. I gripped the armrest with sweaty hands. This is insane. Fourteen hours... It's too long.

The world is a large place, said Cali. While most of the incursions are likely to happen in North America these days, that doesn't mean they are limited to there.

I nodded, closing my eyes. It was getting late. I would have been settling down for a relaxing evening before bed by now, but my insides churned. What Malevolent did to that church filled my mind. We had been there so fast, and still a nun died.

Relax, Master, Cali said, her voice softer than usual. You have to relax. Sleep. It's a long flight.

I opened my eyes and snorted. Relax? How.

She slipped off her chair and knelt before me. She smiled up at me as she stroked my hands up my jeans. You have a plane full of maids. It won't be hard for you to relax. 

She slid her hands up my jeans and grabbed at my dick. I shuddered as she did that. She massaged me through the denim before her deft fingers unsnapped my jeans. She smiled up at me as she popped the fastener. Then she drew down the zipper.

Relax, she cooed as she reached into my boxers and pulled out my cock. Mmm, let me soothe you.

She opened her mouth wide and swallowed my cock. She nursed on me with hunger. She suckled on my cock with all her passion. I groaned at the feel of her hot mouth. She bobbed her head up and down my dick. 

I closed my eyes at the relaxing feel of her mouth on my dick. She bobbed her head, working up and down me. She suckled with hunger. Passion. Her tongue danced around my cock. I didn't know what to make of Cali. She served the Haywards for reasons I didn't fathom. She was loyal to the cause, not necessarily to me.

But her mouth felt wonderful around my cock. I could feel her concern as she worked her lips up and down my shaft. She did want me to be relaxed. To sleep before we went into battle against this thing we would be fighting.

I groaned at the feel of her hot mouth suckling on my dick. She nursed with passion on me. It was an exciting thrill to have her suckling on my dick like that. She worked her mouth up and down my cock, suckling on me with all her might.

Damn, I groaned as she suckled.

I heard giggles from some of the other maids.

I opened my eyes. It was dim in the cabin. The lights turned down so that the maids could sleep. Or try to. The chairs we had reclined back somewhat. They were plush. Way more comfortable than the chairs on an airliner.

I stared down at Cali's purple eyes as she blew me. She suckled on me with hunger. With such passion. I loved the way her tongue danced around my crown. She brought me toward the brink of cumming. I hurtled toward it. I would have such a big orgasm.

I would flood her mouth with my spunk. She felt incredible around my dick. She suckled on me with passion. I loved every moment of what she did to me. She swirled her tongue around my cock, massaging my crown.

You're going to get that cum you love, I groaned.

She winked at me.

Yeah, you're going to have it spurting into your mouth. Just drowning you in jizz.

She moaned around my dick and suckled with all her might on me. I squirmed in the seat, rising toward that moment of eruption. I hurtled closer and closer to cumming in her mouth. I loved the way she suckled on me. I savored it so much as she suckled on my dick. She nursed on me with all her might. She drove me wild with that hot mouth of hers.

I squirmed there, gripping the armrest as she danced her tongue around the aching crown of my dick. The pressure in my balls swelled. I savored what she did to me. She knew what she was doing. How to suck a cock.

Cali, I groaned, squeezing the armrest. The frame of the chair groaned beneath my fingers. Fuck!

I erupted.

My cum spurted into her hot mouth. I fired blast after blast of cum into her mouth. The pleasure shot through me. Ecstasy crashed into my mind as she gulped down my seed. I growled out the bliss as I pumped more and more jizz into her mouth.

More and more spunk for her to swallow. I shuddered through the rapture, spilling all of my seed into her mouth. My nuts unloaded into her as I shuddered here on the chair. I sucked in a deep breath, loving every second of this delight.

Damn, I groaned as I erupted one last time. Damn, that was good. Love it.

She slipped her mouth off my cock and licked her lips. She stared at me then said, You need to relax more. Kylie.

Yes! Kylie squealed. My little sister appeared by my chair in a flash, her skirts swirling. Her black pigtails draped down the front of her uniform while her blue eyes sparkled. Do you need me, Master-Big Bro? It's my job to take care of you and see you're satisfied.

He needs you, Cali said and rose. She settled down in her seat. 

You do need me, Master-Big Bro, Kylie said as she straddled me. She grabbed my dick and stroked me in her soft hand. She grinned from ear to ear. Don't you worry? I'll take care of you, Master-Big Bro. I love you!

I shuddered as my sister pressed my cock beneath her skirt. Her lacy petticoats rustled as she rubbed me through her trimmed bush to the wet folds of her pussy. She smiled at me and plunged her cunt down my dick.

I groaned at the silky warmth of her pussy engulfing my dick. She took every inch of my cock in a single plunge. Her incestuous twat squeezed around my shaft, soaking me in her warm juices. I shuddered at the ecstatic feel of her around me.

Shit, I groaned.

She pressed her face into my chest and let out a happy sigh. I leaned back in my chair more, my legs lifting like I was on a recliner. I shuddered as Kylie slowly lifted her pussy up my dick. She squeezed her cunt around me.

I groaned at how delicious that felt. It was an amazing feeling having her work that twat up and down my cock. I shuddered as she plunged her pussy back down my dick. She took every inch of me. Pleasure rippled through me.

Kylie, I moaned.

Master-Big Brother, she cooed as she worked her hot twat up and down my dick. She massaged me with that hot snatch. Mmm, just relax and enjoy, Master.

I stroked her back as I enjoyed her juicy pussy. My little sister's hot twat drove me wild. She felt amazing around me. Just fantastic. I loved how she gripped my cock with her silky snatch. The pleasure grew and grew. She felt fantastic.

My hands slid down her back to her rump. I squeezed her cute ass through her skirt and petticoats. She purred into my chest as she kept working her twat up and down me. She wiggled her hips, stirring her snatch around my dick. 

She knew what she was doing. She drove me wild with that hot twat. I loved her sliding her cunt up and down my dick. She squeezed about me, massaging me with that hot twat. It felt incredible having her ride me like that. Just wonderful to feel her hot cunt sliding up and down my dick. 

The pressure in my nuts increased as she worked her twat up and down me. She brought me closer and closer to bursting. Closer and closer to shooting all my jizz into her twat. I couldn't wait to flood her with my spunk.

Damn, Kylie, I groaned.

Mmm, mmm, that's it, Master-Big Brother, she cooed. Just let your little sister relax you.

Fuck, I breathed, savoring that hot twat sliding up and down my dick. 

She massaged me with her incestuous pussy. Her silky sheath sent bliss sweeping down my cock. I savored that pleasure. That growing delight would have me pumping my little sister's cunt full of my cum. I would baste her with my jizz.

I couldn't wait to cum in her again and again. That would be just perfect. The need to cum grew and grew in my nuts. I groaned as her hot twat plunged down my dick. She took every inch of my cock. Every last bit of my dick.

Shit, shit, shit, I groaned. That's it. That's so fucking it. Keep working that pussy up and down my shaft.

Ooh, ooh, yes, gasped Kylie. Master-Big Bro! Just cum in me. Flood your little sister with all your cum. I'm your sexy maid!

So sexy, I groaned, loving what she did to me. She drove me wild with that hot cunt of hers. I loved it. Goddamn, I'm going to erupt!

She cooed in delight, working her pussy up and down my cock as fast as she could. Her pussy squeezed around me. The pleasure was outstanding. I loved every last second of it. My nuts tightened. I hurtled toward my explosion.

She plunged her twat down my cock. Her silky snatch took every inch of my dick. I loved the warmth of her around me. She held me tight. I groaned, my dick throbbing in her twat. She massaged me, swelling the pressure in my nuts. 

Yes, I groaned as the pleasure hit that amazing peak in me. Oh, yes, fuck!

I erupted.

My cum spurted over and over into her snatch. Pleasure slammed through my mind. Wild ecstasy crashed through me. It was fantastic to experience. I loved this bliss crashing through my thoughts. It was fantastic.

Master-Big Brother! she gasped, her pussy convulsing around my cock. She joined me in incestuous rapture. Ooh, ooh, that's so good!

Her cunt writhed around my cock. She suckled at me with that hot twat of hers. I loved the way she rippled and writhed around me. Stars twinkled before my eyes as the pleasure slammed through my body. 

She bucked on me, her moans delicious. The pleasure washed through me. I closed my eyes, savoring that bliss sweeping around me. It was fantastic to enjoy. I loved every moment of all that bliss washing through me.

Yes, I groaned as I hit that peak. Oh, damn, that's good!

Mmm, she purred as she squirmed on me, her pussy rippling around my dick.

I loved the way her twat spasmed around me. How she suckled at me. She worked that wicked twat around my dick. She felt amazing. I loved every second of her nursing at me. Every last moment of her hot twat spasming around my cock. 

I erupted into her one last time. I groaned, the pleasure sweeping through me. I held my little sister to me as sleep pressed down on me. I felt so relaxed as her pussy convulsed around me a few more times. She mewled as she rubbed her face into my chest.

I drifted off into... 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Yuki Hanada

I knelt before the bell in the center of the small shrine to Lord Tsukuyomi. I clenched my hands tight, my heart racing. I didn't know what happened to the priest. He had never arrived at the shrine. It wasn't a busy one. On a weekday, hardly anyone came up here.

Did any?

It had been hours since the shadow had engulfed the shrine. Hours of kneeling here, cold, terrified. My stomach rumbled. I swallowed my throat, the back hurting with thirst. I was trapped in here, protected only by the sanctity of Lord Tsukuyomi's power.

The God of the Moon blessed this Shrine. 

...You think that old god can keep me out... the shadow laughed.

Wind swirled around me. I gasped as it passed right through my shrine maiden's outfit. It caressed over my naked flesh beneath me. Cold and hungry all at the same time. It swirled over my nipples and through my bush to touch my virgin nether lips.

The breeze died.

I shuddered at the yokai's touch. A powerful one that surrounded the temple in a shadowy vortex. The wind whipped around the sanctum. The ofuda charms hanging from the rafters swayed. The rope the bell hung from creaked. 

Outside, trees groaned in the gale. Bits of dirt and stones struck the outside of the shrine. The wooden building groaned beneath the assault, but the power of Lord Tsukuyomi held the malevolent storm at bay.

..Yuki-chan... whispered the tempest.

I squeezed my eyes shut and prayed, the words of the norito spilling rhythmically from my lips. Hi Fu Mi Yo I Mu Na Ya Ko To Mo Chi Ro Ra Ne Shi Ki Ru Yu I Tsu Wa Nu So O Ta Ha Ku Me Ka U O E Ni Sa Ri He Te No Ma Su A Se E Ho Re Ke.

...Yuki-chan...

I ignored the words, concentrating on the rhythm of the Hi-Fu-Mi norito, letting the syllables spill from my lips over and over again. The wind howled louder outside. Even with my eyes closed, I felt the world growing darker as the tempest pressed in closer.

...Yuki-chan, come play with me...

The bell shivered and a soft, metallic rang came from it. I looked up at the bell. It swayed before me as the shrine itself shook. I kept chanting the norito even as my insides quivered with fear. My heart quailed as the few candles still burning in the shrine were almost nubs.

I would soon be in darkness.

...Yuki-chan...

Shadows swirled around the top of the shrine. It was in here. The tendrils reached the heavy rope that held the bell. They wrapped around the top of it and gave the bell a shake. It swung to the side and rang with a menacing clang.

The sound reverberated around me.

...Yuki-chan, don't resist me...

I squeezed my eyes shut against the horrible voice, chanting as loud as I could. 

...Yuki-chan, don't you want to be my friend...

..There'll be such pleasure for you...

...Yuki-chan...

...I love you...

Tears spilled down my cheeks as I kept praying. The bell rang again, the sound almost like metallic laughter. Evil and mocking. I didn't relent. I kept up the norito, speaking each syllable carefully. Lord Tsukuyomi...

...Has abandoned you to me, Yuki-chan...

...I'm your god now... 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Lance Hayward

I had slept for about half the flight, waking up with Kylie sleeping on my chest. Most of the harem had also slept. Not long after, Mom started warming up the frozen meals. They weren't the best things in the world, but they were filling.

The plane landed in Nagasaki. It was dark out. Evening. That didn't feel right. We had taken off in the night and flown fourteen hours only for it to still be night. I felt discombobulated when I learned it was just after six PM the next day.

We had cars waiting for us, black and small vans. We piled into them. I had no idea if my maids knew how to drive in Japan. The steering wheels were on the wrong side, but the Japanese were very considerate. More than a dozen young women were here to greet us and make sure we reached the vehicles.

We didn't go through customs. Which was good. I didn't have a passport.

Hayward-sama, the women kept saying as they bowed to us and guided us to the vehicles.

Asuka was in the lead vehicle. She had made all the arrangements and guided us through the city of Nagasaki. We were at the southern end of Japan driving toward a bay. The signs were all different, a mix of Japanese and a surprising amount of English. There were familiar sights, like a 7-11 convenience store of all things, and plenty of Starbucks.

God, they were everywhere, even here, too.

There were plenty of things that were different. Vending machines. There were vending machines everywhere. Just out on the street. None of them seemed to sell used panties, though. Just drinks. Maybe that used panties thing was a myth.

We reached the harbor where a ferry awaited us. A ferry? Where are we going, Asuka?

Sanuki Island to the shrine of Tsukuyomi-no-Mikoto, Asuka said. It's supposed to be one of the oldest, if not the oldest, Shinto Shrines in Japan. It's dedicated to the God of the Moon, Tsukuyomi.

A church and now a Shinto shrine, I said. Do the monsters hate religion?

Yes, Cali said. What do you think drives us away? Faith in something greater that keeps us from our... entertainment.

Tormenting and eating humans? I asked.

Mating with humans, tormenting them, playing pranks on them, even blessing them, said Cali. Though the ones who truly hate and desire malice are the ones with the strength of personality to breach the Hay now.

The cars pulled onto the ferry. It was some official Japanese one but appeared to be just for us. The power of the Hayward name at work. Even here in Japan, it caused people to just want to obey. We were soon heading out into the water.

It had been forty minutes since we landed. Nearly sixteen hours now. Sixteen. 

Through the dark, I could see our destination. An island rising out of the black, the port town we were heading to growing bright with lights. I stared at it, wondering what awaited us as I stood at the front of the ferry.

Mom put her comforting arm around me. We'll prevail.

How many have already been hurt? I asked.

You can't save everyone, she said. Don't put all that weight on your shoulders. You came as fast as you could.

I know... I gripped the ferry railing and glanced back. My harem stood there. Tabitha and Kylie held hands. Bella was whispering something to her mother, the ring I'd given my Maid-Wife gleaming on her finger. Martha was playing on her phone, maybe researching something.

Perhaps this Tsukuyomi. Martha was my expert on mythology. Celtic Mythology. 

Ms. Docea smiled at me while my aunt and her fiery maids were pacing, ready for the fight that was to come. I glanced back at the island. It loomed larger and larger the closer we came to it. The docks came into view.

We piled back into the vehicles. I sat in the passenger seat beside Mrs. Miles. It was so strange sitting on the left side of the car and not driving it. She tapped her fingers as she waited for the ramp to come down. The ferry docked. It came down.

The harem drove. She followed the lead vehicle driven by Mrs. Kenning that had Asuka guiding. We passed through the town on narrow streets. So narrow, there was hardly any clearance. It was so going with all the foot traffic. But only for a short time before we were climbing up into the island's rugged mountains.

The world grew dark as we headed up into the forested mountains. I could feel something dark ahead. We drove fast now up the winding road, headlights the only source of illumination. It was another fifteen minutes before we came to a stop.

The wind howled as I stepped out of the van. Trees groaned above us. Wooden stairs led up the slope of the mountain to a black storm that swept across the crown of it. Branches drifted down through the air, flung from the vortex. 

The Tempest, said Cali, staring at it. It is trying to breach the shrine, but there is a surprising amount of power here. An ancient place of worship, unlike the church Malevolent attacked. That is why they like North America. Fewer places of power like this exist in the Old World. Especially in the US.

Let's go, I growled. 

Aunt Nancy and her six maids charged up first, forming their fiery flails. Bella and the Concubine-Maids ringed around Kylie, Mom, my Daughter-Maids, and me with the Virgin-Maids and Ms. Docea and her maids at the rear. We climbed the mountain fast. The steps were steep. The howl of the wind grew louder.

...Yuki-chan... a voice whimpered from before us. It spilled out of the howl of the winds. It should be impossible to hear over that growing cacophony, but it came through as clear as day. ...Aishitemasu...

The Tempest swirled violently around the top of the peak as we came closer. The world grew darker like the storm swallowed up the starlight and moonlight shining down on us. The red light from Aunt Nancy's and the Slut-Maids' fiery whips soon was the only illumination out here.

Attack! Nancy cried as she stopped on the steps.

The seven of them lashed out their fire at the storm. I held my breath, wanting to see what would happen. Their flames slammed into the black wall of clouds swirling before us. Their light illuminated a vortex climbing up into the sky. 

A tornado of shadows.

The storm contracted for a moment. A violent roar screamed around us, the wind whipping at us. From the Tempest, a vortex of darkness shot out like a punch and slammed into the midst of the Slut-Maids.

Aunt Nancy flew off to the right, crashing into the trees and brush that lined the slope. The blast flung Izzy in the other direction. She shrieked before it cut off with a loud thud as she struck something in the dark. The other Slut-Maids were knocked off their feet, crashing down on the stairs.

The whirlwind hurtled forward.

Shields! Bella cried as she leaned into the attack, forming a shield of earth. 

Mrs. Miles stood on her right with Veronica and Carla. Opal, Mrs. Kenning, and Gloria were on the left. They had all rushed up, forming a wall of stone. The wind slammed into their barricade a moment later.

Black shadows engulfed them, scattering them like the Slut-Maids. Bella crashed back into me. I grunted, catching her. I stepped back, but I was on the stairs. My foot slipped. I fell backward, crashing hard on my shoulder blades.

I tumbled, the wind sweeping around us. I crashed into other maids. Squeals and shrieks filled my ears as the tempest blew us down the mountain. I bounced, crashing into the wooden steps, hitting on my lower back, my shoulder blades, and my knees. Bruises throbbed across my body as I hit the bottom of the stairs. 

I groaned as I rolled to a stop on my belly. The wind surged over me. Darkness engulfed me. I couldn't see anything before. It was like when the Seductress engulfed me in night. No, this was like a stormy night that just choked off the light, not some veil of black.

I staggered to my feet, buffeted by the wind. It struck me, whipping at my clothes. My feet shifted on the ground as I fought to hold my balance. I thrust out my left hand. My golden lance flashed into being, illuminating the wisps of shadows howling past.

Black vapor washed around me. Turbulent swirls spilled off me, mini-vortices that spun in the air. I looked around for my other women. I could hear them shouting as the wind attacked them. Their shrieks filled my ears.

No, you don't! Mrs. Kenning shouted. You don't get to touch me there!

Fucking bastard! howled my cousin Deborah. 

Master-Daddy! Virginia cried. 

Don't you touch her! Bella cried.

I thrust my lance at the swirling vapor howling around us. The golden glow illuminated the shadowy vapor, too bright to be snuffed out by it, but it didn't seem to do anything to the Tempest. It streamed around me unharmed. 

I thrust again then slashed with it, trying to cut the winds. The darkness. Whatever this thing was, I wasn't touching the part of it that mattered. How could we hurt something that was a giant storm? A tornado howling around us.

Ms. Docea! I shouted. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Ms. Lynette Docea

Get your maids together and take this fucker down! Master called.

I pushed up into the darkness. Asuka! Velma! Marsha!

Here, Velma White, the principal from my high school said. A hand touched my shoulder. I grabbed her. 

A light appeared to my right. Asuka used the flashlight feature of her phone to scurry toward us. The wind swirled up beneath her skirt. Annoyance flashed across her face as the Tempest molested her. It danced around me, too.

A gust of wind burst down my bodice and ripped open the front of my dress. For a moment, dark currents swirled around my breasts, squeezing and massaging them. My nipples throbbed at the cold caress.

If this thing thought I would be stopped by that.

Marsha! I shouted as Asuka grabbed my hand. She held up her phone, shining it into the night. Marsha, to us!

From the darkness, Marsha Peterson crawled toward us. She stood, blood dripping down her forehead from a cut. She had lost her skirt but still had on her lacy petticoats. She rose and grabbed my shoulder, standing before me, her brown hair swirling. She pushed up her glasses with her free hand.

Let's channel our wind and disrupt the storm, I said. Focus on me.

The other three maids closed their eyes. I felt the air calming around us as they spread their influence. As their leader, wearer of the light-blue garter, I could seize their magic. I pulled it to me, condensing the air before me. My heart raced as I worked hard.

I had to make a powerful attack. One that would strike at the core of the Tempest and break apart the veil of wind and shadows that hid the entity from us. I closed my eyes, pulling on all four of their strength. 

The Tempest roared. A high-pitched hiss slashed through the air.

Asuka cried out in pain. She staggered. I opened my eyes to see the pain on her face. A shadowy tendril drew back and slammed down on Marsha Peterson's back. She cried out, her control over her magic fading.

Bella! I shouted. 

Over here, Bella cried as she appeared in the light of Asuka's smartphone. Bella's bodice had ripped open, exposing one of her breasts. She staggered beneath the wind then formed a stone shield and caught the next lashing tendril.

More formed around us while the Tempest laughed with delight. One slashed down at me.

Opal jumped into the way, catching the tendril on her shield.

Mrs. Kenning appeared to guard Velma's back. Mrs. Miles limped out of the dark to block another attack on Asuka. They held their shield up, standing around us as I kept gathering the power of air to smite the tempest.

...Ms. Docea... the Tempest purred in my mind. 

I thrust my attack up into the storm. A funnel of air swirled up between us. The current whipped at us, driving back the shadows. It expanded, forming a clam around us. Light shone in the currents. A golden cyclone to attack the anti-cyclone howling around us.

...You think that is enough?...

Black slammed down the center of my cyclone. A thin tornado slammed into the midst of us and exploded. Darkness crashed into me. I screamed as it flung me back, bursting apart the golden cyclone. 

I struck a tree hard. My back burst in pain as I crashed to the ground. My face pressed into thick loam as I lay there, dazed. I struggled to move, but my legs felt fuzzy. The world lurched around me as the agony clawed at my mind.

The Tempest laughed as I dropped into unconsciousness. 

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Bella Miles

I groaned as I struggled to rise. I glimpsed of the black tornado plunging down in our midst before the wind struck us. I didn't know where I was. Where it had thrown me. I was alone. I pushed up on my hands and knees, my freed boobs jiggling. 

I felt the ring on my finger, though.

You have to do better than that, I snarled as I rose.
I could hear my Master-Husband shooting in the darkness, trying to rally the harem. 

...Bella... whispered around me.

The wind swirled about me and blew up my legs. My maid's uniform burst. I gasped as I was naked, the cold vortex swirling around my naked body. I shuddered at the icy gale caressing my pussy lips and nipples. 

The storm seized me and lifted me into the air.

...Bella, Bella, Bella... 

A smile appeared in the darkness before me. A hungry grin like the Gizzamuluke. 

..I love you, Bella...

I don't love you! I hissed, thrashing in the embrace. I formed shields of stone, but the wind just washed around them. 

...Be mine, Bella...

I spat into the wind.

The Tempest laughed. Its current of air swirled around my body again, almost kissing at my nipples and pussy. I shuddered at its molesting touch. I formed a stone bra and panties over my vulnerable parts.

...That's fine, Bella...

The mouth opened wide. A yawning pit of terror with sharp teeth made of swirling vortices of shadows. I thrashed in the embrace of the storm as the Tempest pulled me closer and closer to its hungry maw.

...Play with me...

It brought me closer and closer to that horrible pit. That hungry maw that wanted to swallow not just me, but my baby inside my womb. My son. The future Master of Hayward Manor. I thrashed in the embrace of the wind.

Lance! I screamed, fighting to break fear as terror engulfed me. That hungry maw was so huge. It could swallow all of the world. Master!

...Bella...

To be continued...
