How Lucy and I found out about Dogging and more importantly how we got involved...

We were on our way back from visiting relatives one evening in late
autumn and the roads had been salted. It wasn't actually raining though 
the road was wet which meant the windscreen was constantly sprayed with 
dirt by other vehicles, so I was using the washers every few minutes. 
Eventually the water ran out and though we were not far from home I 
could hardly see a thing. I always carry a can of water in case this 
happens so I just needed to stop the refill the washer tank. I 
struggled on to the next lay-by and pulled off. In fact it turned out 
to be a section of old road retained when the main road had been 
straightened. It ran down beside the new carriageway, turned slightly 
to one side and opened out into long, narrow car park with views across 
the valley. I was surprised to see a number of cars already there, 
mostly spaced out at the near end. I drove slowly past these and turned 
in just beyond them. As my headlights swept round I could just make out 
a lone car at the far end through my almost opaque windscreen. I told 
Lucy that I wouldn't be long and opened the bonnet and boot. As I went 
round to fetch the water can from the boot I looked down to the lone 
car and realised there were two or three men standing beside it, in 
spite of the cold. I took the can to the front and lifted the bonnet to 
fill the washer tank. I heard the men talking and glanced across, they 
were about 30 yards away and I realised they were staring into the 
parked car, which I now saw had its interior light on. I also thought 
the men were rubbing their hands together to keep warm. Then I realised 
they were only using one hand each. I heard one of them say distinctly, 
"Go on, give it to her," and one of the others cheer. I stared hard at 
the car, it was rocking and I thought I could see movement inside it. 

I was so intent on trying to make out what was going on that the water
overflowed the tank. I screwed the lid back on and put the can back in 
the boot. Getting into the driver's seat, I said to Lucy, "See those 
blokes around that car? I think they're watching somebody having it off 
inside." She didn't believe me at first, but I said, "Look, they're all 
wanking." Once I'd pointed it out the actions were quite explicit. "Do 
you want to go?" "Not yet," she replied, surprisingly, "Let's see what 
happens." I turned the ignition on and washed the windscreen then got 
out to wipe down the side window so we could see more clearly. They 
were getting pretty excited down there and the car was rocking even 
faster. I could hear a girl crying "aaaah...aaaah...aaaah" and the 
spectators yelling encouragement and wanking furiously. There were two 
on the near side of the car and one on the far side. I got back in my 
car and leaned back so that Lucy could see. The only light was from the 
streetlamps on the main road filtering through the trees that cloaked 
the embankment, but the figures were clearly defined. Suddenly one of 
them gave a groan that we could hear inside the car and stood still. 
"Oops, there goes one of them," I said, and Lucy grinned at me, "Pity 
we aren't any closer," she said, surprising me even more. "I could 
drive past slowly," I suggested and she agreed. I started the engine 
and reversed out into the roadway, the headlamps clearly illuminating 
the tableau. The guy who had just come was doing up his trousers and as 
we rolled down towards them the one on the far side called out, "Oh 
shit, shit, shit!" I sat up as tall as I could as we passed the back of 
the car and looked inside. I could see this guy on the passenger side, 
facing the rear with his arms outstretched, holding his body up by 
leaning on the sides of the seat, which was obviously fully reclined. 
All I could see of the girl was her knees either side of him as he 
pounded away at her. Once we were moving, it didn't seem right to stop 
so I kept going up the slip road back onto the main highway. "Well, 
there's something you don't see every day," I said as the car reached 
cruising speed. "I think I saw that guy coming," gasped Lucy, and I 
realised she was breathing heavily. "What, the first one?" "No, he had 
his back to us. The one on the far side, I saw it shooting, I'm sure I 
did." I looked across and her face was flushed in the headlights of the 
oncoming traffic. "I didn't know you liked that sort of thing," I said. 
"Neither did I, and if you'd asked me, I would have said it was 
disgusting, but coming across it like that, so to speak, it was 
actually quite exciting." "Well, I'm sure I could oblige when we get 
home," I answered. "Oh no, if you are going to come, I want it inside 
me," she said, emphatically, and that was even more arousing than the 
scene we had just witnessed. Luckily we were not far from the house and 
we didn't even get as far as the bed. Nor did we last long - she was 
very wet and came after only a dozen strokes or so and that always 
triggers me. 

Later in the week we were having sex, Lucy always takes a while to get
up to speed and I like to take my time anyway, savoring the sensations, 
but suddenly she started to cry out - she's always been vocal. I hadn't 
been expecting her to come so soon but some rapid thrusting had me 
joining her before she had finished. As we lay panting together, still 
interlocked, I said, "What brought that on?" "I thought about that chap 
in the car park coming," she gasped, "it just sort of set me off." 
"Really? "Well, I was thinking what it was like for the girl in the 
car. Blokes doing that because they were looking at her, it's something 
of a compliment. Especially three of them." "Four if you count her 
boyfriend," I said, grinning, "We could go up there again, if you 
like." She agreed enthusiastically but it was almost a week before we 
had a free night. We arrived about ten o'clock, there were three other 
cars near the entrance and we parked just beyond them as before. There 
was no-one at the far end yet and nobody standing in the open. We sat 
there for some time but nothing happened. Lucy turned to me and said, 
"This is a bit of a letdown." "Well, we've only been here ten minutes, 
perhaps they come up after closing time." "That's ages yet," she said, 
"I've got all hot and bothered, I don't think I can wait that long." 
"There's others here, maybe there's something going on in those." I 
said, indicating the cars beside us. "No, they've only got single 
blokes in them," she answered, "I looked as we came in." "Do you want 
to go home then? Or wait some more?" "We could always do it ourselves," 
she said. "What, here?" "Why not?" "Those blokes would come and watch 
us." "So? Don't you like the idea of being watched?" Actually, I did. 
On the way up I had been recalling the scene and putting myself in the 
performer's shoes, it had been quite arousing. The disappointment of 
finding nothing happening had made me soft, but Lucy's words had me 
rising again. "Come on, then," I said and leaned across to kiss her, my 
hand riding up from her waist to cup her breast. She broke off and 
struggled out of her coat, throwing it over onto the back seat. 
Underneath she was wearing a cotton summer dress that buttoned from hem 
to neckline. "You came prepared then?" I said, staring at her erect 
nipples, clearly bra-less. "Well, If we were going to be as eager as 
last week, there didn't seem much point in overdressing," she giggled, 
undoing the top few buttons. I took my jacket off and was undoing my 
belt when a shadow passed the front of the car. A man in an anorak and 
bobble hat came round to the driver's door and I looked out anxiously. 
"Move down to the far end by the trees and put the light on," he said 
and stepped back to the front of the car. I started the engine and 
backed out of the bay. "We could just keep going," I suggested. "No, 
now we've started, we'll have to finish," she replied, "How shall we do 
it?" she added as I rolled down to the end. "Put the seat right back 
and recline it, I can kneel in the footwell," I said. The seats are 
electric so I had to leave the engine running till she had it 
positioned so I saw the man walking down the car park in the glow of 
the headlamps. He was already undoing his fly. Lucy had the seat ready, 
she had reclined the back to about forty-five degrees and lay back, 
twisting towards me. I cut the engine and switched on the ‘eyeball' 
spot in the ceiling console, directing the beam onto her body. The man 
came up to her door and said, "Any chance of a go? I've got condoms." 
Lucy's eyes opened wide in horror and I said, "No way!" and hit the 
central locking button. "No problem," he said, spreading his hands, 
"always worth asking." He turned away and I saw two others While being 
watched by three men, I had revealed all Lucy's charms, caressing and 
licking till the awkwardness of the position made me pause. "Here, my 
turn," said Lucy, pushing me back onto the drivers seat. My cock, of 
course, was rigid and my balls were aching. I leaned back and lifted my 
shirt above my waist. "Take it off," said Lucy, so I did. She leaned 
over and held my cock upright with her left hand and kissed the head. I 
saw the Flat Cap rush round to this side. Sliding her hand right down 
to my balls, dragging the foreskin as far back as possible, she ran her 
tongue down the shaft and back up. "Come on, suck it!" I heard someone 
say, but she repeated the action two or three times before rolling the 
tip of her tongue around the rim and sliding her lips over the head and 
far down the shaft, her cheeks pulling in sharply as she made 
deliberate sucking noises. "Fucking hell!" I heard, then "Go on, suck 
him off!" from another voice. "That's it, suck him, go on, all the way, 
go on, give her a facial!" Somebody was clearly into blowjobs. 
Personally, I love it as a preliminary but don't like to finish there 
unless Lucy asks me to. "Go on then, shoot it down her throat," came 
the voice again, "Come on, do it, make her gag!" I think it was the 
Flat Cap though I couldn't see his face, he was so close to the car, 
all I could see was his hand frantically pounding his meat. Still 
sucking noisily at me, Lucy shuffled round to kneel on the passenger 
seat, her arse practically touching the window. I reached past her and 
pulled the skirt up over her buttocks. "Fuck me!" cried Bobble Hat, 
"Look at her cunt, look at her cunt!" He was staring at her from less 
than a foot away, the Down Jacket peering through the windscreen beside 
him. I pushed my hand between her thighs and she parted them to let my 
fingers slide between her lips. Bobble Hat stood upright and pressed 
his cock to the window, rubbing it up and down. "He's fucking the 
glass," I said to Lucy and she twisted her head round to see. She 
pushed her arse back till her buttocks pressed hard to the window. "Oh 
god! Look at that, look at that cunt, fuck me!" he cried, thrusting 
against the car so that it rocked, his prick only the thickness of the 
glass from his desire. "Let's do it," I said, "If I don't get inside 
you soon, my prick's going to burst!" She sat upright, to both Bobble 
Hat and Flat Cap's frustration, and I tried to swing my legs up over 
the centre console. It was impossible with my trousers round my ankles 
and there was no way I was going to get out of the car to undress. So I 
leaned down and somehow managed to get my shoes off. I dragged my 
trousers and pants over my feet and at last I could get into the 
footwell and turned to face her. Lucy was lying back in her seat by 
now, feet on the cushion and knees apart, giving our audience an 
unhindered view of her cunt and tits. She lifted her feet onto the 
dashboard either side of me and shuffled her hips forward to the edge 
of the seat. "Go on, fuck her!" said Bobble Hat. "Get it up her!" cried 
Down Jacket. With the seat at its highest, she was in the ideal 
position for me, except that my prick was so hard I had to lean forward 
and force it down to her entrance. Holding it with one hand and leaning 
on the angled seat back with the other, I rubbed the head between her 
swollen lips, ensuring that it was well lubricated. To repeated cries 
from the men to fuck her I slid slowly into her and they cheered. As 
always on first penetration, I pushed it all the way in till my balls 
pressed against her arse and held it there, tensing my groin so that my 
prick swelled rhythmically inside her. "That's it, that's well up her, 
that is!" said someone. "Fucking hell, no condom, he's going to fuck 
her for real. That's the way to do it!" With my right hand free, I 
massaged her breasts as I began to thrust long and slow. "That's it, 
fuck her!" said Bobble Hat. "Get it in her!" cried Down Jacket. "Shove 
it, shove it!" came from Flat Cap on the other side, in time with my 
thrusts. Lucy was already breathing heavily and began to make little 
sighing sounds as I increased the pace, though I kept the stroke long 
and my body upright so that they could see the action clearly. "Look at 
that," said Bobble Hat, "you can see his prick going right up her!" "I 
can see it," said Down Jacket, "I can see it! Look at her lips 
spreading!" Lucy's sighs were getting louder, and she was writhing her 
hips, a sure sign she was on the way. I was getting close too, my balls 
tightening to the base of my prick. I sped up, shifting my hands to the 
top of the seat back. Lucy lifted her own arms to grasp the headrest, 
raising her breasts high to that classic raindrop shape. I stared at 
them and thrust harder, making them jiggle with each slap of my hips 
into hers. "That's it, ram it up her, give her a good fucking, fuck her 
all the way," cried someone - I was past noticing who - "give it to 
her, go on, cream her cunt, fill her with spunk!" With the seat back at 
that angle, Lucy's head was behind the door pillar, but she leaned 
forward to look through the front door window at Bobble Hat's frantic 
wanking. "You do it!" she gasped, "Come on the window!" "What?" "Come 
on the window. I want to see you come. All of you. Come on!" Flat Cap 
came running round to this side, his cock practically pressed to the 
rear door glass. I was getting faster and faster, the car was bouncing 
and Lucy's sighs had become sharp cries. "Come on," she panted between 
them, "Let's see it, I want to see your spunk!" "Oh bloody hell!" cried 
Bobble Hat, "Oh yeeeees!" I turned my head in time to see a white jet 
hit the window. Lucy cried out loud as another hit below it, the thick 
spurts running down to the sill as more fell from the end of his 
throbbing cock, the head pressed against the glass. "More! More!" cried 
Lucy, her hips rising to meet my thrusts. Down Jacket practically 
pushed Bobble Hat out of the way. With his balls outside his trousers 
as well, they were bouncing against his hand as he pounded away at his 
prick. Lucy slumped back and turned to the back door, where Flat Cap 
was also going at it. "Aaaah! Aaaah! Aaaah!" he started to cry, each 
shout getting louder. "I'm coming, I'm coming," called Down Jacket. 
"Aaaaaaaaw!" With that another stream of spunk arced onto the window 
swelling the pool that had formed on the cill. Almost immediately Flat 
Cap came too. Lucy's face was only inches from the door when the spurt 
hit, splattering in a starburst over the glass. I didn't see any more 
because Lucy came then, a long shuddering groan and her back arched, 
her cunt going into spasms that gripped me hard. There was no way I 
could withstand that, nor had I any desire to. I drove as far up her as 
I could, holding it there as my own semen exploded into her in great 
spurts that shook my body and matched her spasms exactly. "Look at his 
spunk!" I heard someone say over Lucy's now diminishing cries. I opened 
my eyes and looked down between us. There was, indeed, semen pulsing 
out between lips and cock, and still I was pumping it up her, I 
couldn't remember the last time I had come like that. I glanced through 
the window, Down Jacket and Bobble Hat were staring down at our 
still-writhing groins and Flat Cap was still wanking, forcing the last 
drops from his softening tool. At last my pulses stopped and we both 
relaxed, panting heavily. I let go of the seat and sat upright. L 
turned to the doors, eyes wide at the runnels of spunk down the glass. 
Bobble hat was zipping up his trousers and pulled out a tissue to wipe 
the outside of the car. "Leave it!" shouted Lucy, "Leave it," she added 
more softly. I leaned back a little and my shrinking cock slipped out 
of her, releasing a flood of semen. "Fucking hell!" cried Bobble Hat, 
"Look at that! Look at it running out of her cunt!" The other two 
crowded round to see. "Bloody hell! Nice one!" said Flat Cap. "Fuck me, 
that's a hell of a load!" said Down Jacket. Lucy always said I was a 
big producer, though I'd taken that as mere flattery, but I could tell 
that this was exceptional. It had been a while since we last had sex 
and with such an amazing build up, I would expect a good amount. There 
was quite a pool forming in the contours of the cushion, probably as 
much as all three together had left on the windows, and there was still 
plenty inside her. Thank god for leather seats! I reached down into the 
driver's footwell and fished my handkerchief out of my pocket, handing 
it to Lucy to mop up. But she scooped the thick white fluid into her 
hand and smeared it across her breasts, trailing loops of it from her 
nipples to her fingers. "Fucking hell!" came the cries from outside. 
Then came the awkward business of getting back into my seat and dressed 
again. Lucy only had to wrap her dress round her and do up the buttons. 
"That was fucking great," said Bobble Hat, "see you again." "Maybe," I 
said and he turned back to his car, the others were already on their 
way. I'd like to say that we went home and fucked for hours afterwards, 
but that was such an intense experience that we were exhausted and 
though we went to bed immediately we were both asleep in minutes. But 
we are already thinking about what to do the next time.




