Learning From My Uncle
by Wet_Pussy21

Part 1

I’ve always been close with my uncle growing up, he was always there for everything I did. Well he wasn’t my uncle by blood he was more a family close friend, but he will always be my uncle in my heart.
One day my parents left for a trip outta town for a week and they didn’t want me to be alone so they called my uncle “Jaimie” to come and stay with me to look after me while they were gone. He said he had no problem doing that becaue he lived alone anyways so he didn’t have to worry about a family or a wife or anything like that.
I always enjoyed when uncle Jaimie came over. He would play with me and chase me all over the house and I would set in his lap all the time and he would tickle me to death making me squirm and laugh so hard till I almost peed myself at times. When he would do that I would always feel something in his pants poking me in the ass. I never thought anything of it cause he was my uncle and I was so innocent not really knowing anything about the male penis other then they had one. I never what it did and so on.
Whenever he tickled me though I would get this tingling feeling in my pussy and sometimes when he tickled me his hand would touch my breast for a second or so but it would always send that tingly feeling straight to my pussy, or his hand would touch my ass or my pussy when he tickled me in my inner thigh.
Saturday came and like clockwork uncle Jaimie showed up with a bag packed ready to stay for the week. A few hours later mom and dad left for their trip and then it was just me and uncle Jaimie home alone.
We go into the living room and turn in the TV and start watching Saturday morning cartoons and talking about what we were going to do for the week and so on. You know the whole stay up past midnight and eating all the pizza, cake, and icecream that we could cause mom and dad wouldn’t let me do stuff like that.
I climbed up on his lap like I always did watching cartoons and I started to tickle him. That started the tickle wars we always had. The more he tickled me the more I squirmed, and noticed his hands were lingering longer than usual when he tickled me on my breast and brushing against my pussy a lot more than usual. I started feeling that tingly sensation more in my pussy and it was lasting a lot longer. I also noticed his penis was poking my ass and it was harder than usual. Finally he quit tickling me and we both settled down but I shifted a little more to get comfortable as I always did and I was still feeling the hardness if his penis against my ass.
“Uncle Jaimie, what is that poking my butt?” I asked. He said, “that is my penis and sometimes it gets hard like that when it gets rubbed up against, it happens to all guys when pretty females like you or anyone else does it.” I set there and wiggled again feeling it still hard as a rock and I asked him if it hurt and he said that sometimes it did if he didn’t rub it and make it spit. I said kinda like when I get a tingly feeling in my pussy and you tickle me so much that it feels good and I go play with my pussy to make that tingle feeling go away to where I think I peed myself. He said yes kinda like that.
Can I see it uncle Jaimie please? At first he was like I don’t think I should let you see it, so I begged some more till he finally said okay. He said I had to promise that I wouldn’t tell anyone he showed his penis, and I promised with the biggest smile on my face.
He unbuttoned his pants and then unzipped them and he pulled them and his underwear down, as soon as he didnthat his hard in sprang from his pants free and hard as could be. Wow, uncle Jaimie I’ve never seen one before in person I’ve always seen a glimpse of dads every now and again but never up close like this, can I touch it. As long as you promise not to tell anyone ever. I reached out and touched the head of the penis and slowly explored the length of his shaft all the way down to his balls. Uncle Jaimie was breathing kinda heavy and a low moan escaped from his mouth. Did I hurt you uncle Jaime I asked, he said no honey u didn’t. That just feels really good. I remember he said he rubbed it when it got like this so I asked him how he did that and asked him to show me. He took my hand and wrapped it around his dick and showed me how to jack him off.
I was amazed by this point as I rubbed my hand slowly at first up and down the shaft of his penis then increased my pace a little more. He said oh yeah sweetheart just like that, that feels so good. I seen that there was wet stuff leaking outta his penis so I asked what it was he told me it was called pre-cum and that it was normal for that to happen that I could give it a kiss and taste the pre-cum if I wanted to. Well that just made me happy as can be and I got closer to it and gave the head of his penis a big kiss and licked what he called the pre-cum. It was a salty taste but not bad really. There was a bit of a louder moan that escaped uncle Jaimie’s throat again. Are you ok I asked, and he said he was fine thatvhw just felt really really good and that I could suck on his penis like I would a lollipop.
By this time I was so excited I started licking it again and slowly took the head into my mouth and started sucking on his cock. I’d take a little more in my mouth each time making it go deeper and deeper in my mouth at least before I gagged on it, but I still continued to work on his big Vick with my mouth. While all this is going on uncle Jaimie’s hand were roaming all over my body he was rubbing my back as we set in the couch with my head in his lap and me in my knees beside him. He would rub up and down on my back then slowly move down to my ass and rub and squeeze it and slightly pat it. Sometimes he would reach under me and rub my breast. All this felt so new and wonderful to me I didn’t want it to end. I kept sucking and bouncing my head up and down in his cock that all of a sudden that his cock spit cum into my mouth. This time it was a stronger taste, but still good and uncle Jaimie made the loudest groan I’ve ever heard him make in my life. His dick finally quit spitting at me and I lapped up all his cum. He lit had to stop me because I was enjoying sucking his cock so much I wasn’t going to stop. That was great uncle Jaimie I said. He said it wasn’t the best time he ever had too. Can I do it again I asked he said maybe later tonight and maybe I can make you feel good also, I said ok but I wasn’t sure exactly what he meant by that....


Part two….

Later that night I got in the bath and got cleaned up as usual before bedtime. After a bath I was really sleepy I gave my uncle a kiss goodnight and went to bed. I was half asleep half awake when I heard my bedroom door open. I laid still acting like I was asleep when I felt my covers be moved off me and my night gown move up. I laid there still silent not moving. I heard my uncles breathing get a bit heavier as I felt a finger slowly trace my little nipples, as he did this my little buds got hard and it sent shivers down my body. And my little bald pussy tingled and my panties got a little wet feeling it gets when he tickles me. I still stayed quiet and not moving much then I felt his tongue lick and start sucking on one nipple and his other hand gently groping the other one. My panties gotten really wet then i squirmed a bit but still kept my eyes closed like I was sleeping. See my uncle thought I took my sleeping medicine before I went to bed ans that’s why he thought I was really sleepy and he knows I can sleep through anything when I took it, but little does he know I didn’t take it tonight. So he thought I was just sleep moving. I heard his pants unzip and he got up for a second and I heard him take them off along with his boxers. The I felt his dick rub in my nipples and he slid it between my little buds up and down as he cupped my little breast together. I could feel his Pre cum leaking between my little breast his breathing got heavier and the faster he went and he pinched my nipples a bit which sent shock waves directly to my pussy. Then all off a sudden he shit his load between my little breast and all over my chest. I just laid there cause I didn’t want him knowing I was awake but I wanted to taste it again so bad, but he got a wash rag and cleaned me off he put my night gown back down and the covers back on top of me and his clothes back on and left my room. After he left I played with my little pussy wondering what the next day would bring….


