“Anything you need, Commander?”

Why Dylan had made the journey all the way to the cockpit right now wasn't really clear to him, but in all the chaos of getting away from the Collector trap and finding out Tali was about to get royally screwed over by her people for no good reason - that girl was as much of a traitor as Kaidan Alenko was, Dylan thought - not talking to Joker seemed like a faux-pas. “Just wanted to say 'thanks' for getting us away from the Collectors.”

“Oh hey, anytime, Commander,” Joker was positively glowing, any compliment always serving to fuel his ego. Nobody ever called him on it because his ego was well-deserved. He didn't say anything after that, though, and when Dylan didn't turn to leave, his face fell, like he knew why. “Um...yeah, about last time, sorry about that, just let my mouth run away without me. You know how it is.”

Arms crossing, Dylan leaned against the bulkhead and grinned down at him, amused by Joker's discomfort at dealing with people. “That's how you always are, Joker.”

“Well...yes,” Joker drawled out, not really wanting to admit it, “But it was pretty bad that time.”

“I never said I was bothered by it,” Dylan said. He didn't have any reason not to take it further; the fact that this was Joker, of all people, he was talking to entered his mind, but Joker was a good friend despite everything. “I told you, I didn't mind.”

“Well, most guys would, is all. Not everyone's open-minded. Even if it's not the guy-on-guy thing it's still weird getting hit on like that, is all.”

Suddenly, Dylan wondered just how seriously Joker took this. “You were hitting on me? Not just enjoying the view?”

“No,” Joker's eyes were wide with feigned innocence. “Just flirting. Hey, guy can dream.”

An evil little smile drawing across his mouth, Dylan said, “Who said you have to dream?”

Joker's eyes stayed wide, but the look on his face clearly turned to surprise. “Wait, what? Really? Since when do you...”

“Since forever,” Dylan straightened up.

“Not interested in women,” Joker's eyes narrowed as he said this, hindsight kicking in. “Right. Well...that's...not where I expected this conversation to go.”

“Honestly, me neither,” Dylan shrugged. He'd never looked at Joker like this before, but there was something to it now. Whether that something was legitimate or just the result of a strange conversation, he wasn't sure, but he wasn't afraid to find out. “It's not often someone shows interest that's...well. My type.”

“Right,” Joker repeated, the word taking an entire breath. “Can I, uh, have some time to think about this conversation? 'Cause if I don't, I think my nose is going to start bleeding. Or worse.”

“Sure,” Dylan turned and left, winking as he did. He felt ridiculous as soon as he did it, wondered why he did, but decided that it was too late to fix it, so he just kept going, enjoying the lighter feeling in his boots.