M/F, straight, cheating, voyeur, oral, anal, mast 

   Sheetal and had opened up a part of me I never really admitted I had. 
My life with my wife Rupali was your typical, wholesome life.  We loved 
each other and our infant son.  We shared household chores.  I worked hard 
and provided for the family while she stayed at home and took care of the 
house and our son.  Despite our hectic lives we made love to each other a 
couple of times a week and maintained a healthy sex life. 


   Nothing had changed there, but now Sheetal had added another more 
devious dimension to my life that no one else knew about except the two of 
us.  Sheetal and Rupali were the best of friends and it amazed me how 
Sheetal was able to lie so blatantly to her, carrying on the faade of 
friendship, while fucking her husband behind her back and ridiculing her 
innocence and naivety.  I was no better, I was cheating on my wife with her 
best friend, indulging in all sorts of lustful trysts and deceiving her by 
pretending to be a good husband.  But I could not control my lust for 
Sheetal.  She provided me an outlet for all my unspeakable desires.  My 
wife Rupali was the good girl...  we made love to each other.  Sheetal was 
the whore that I fucked. 


   Sheetal was careful never to let on that anything was going on between 
us at home.  But at work she would call me everyday.  We'd have phone sex, 
and lustful conversations in which we discussed our darkest most intimate 
fantasies.  My favorite fantasy involved picking up a prostitute.  Not one 
of those high-class escorts, but one of those streetwalkers.  I was always 
too afraid to do it coz I didn't want to take any chances getting arrested 
or get any disease.  One time she came to my office, pretending to be a 
potential client.  She was such a great actress.  My secretary led her in 
trying desperately to console her.  She was crying, saying she wanted to 
divorce her husband.  I had her sit down on the sofa in my office, closed 
the blinds and asked my assistant not to disturb us. 


   Then I sat down behind my desk and she crawled on her hands and knees 
under my desk and unzipped my pants and gave me a blowjob that blew my 
mind. 


   She would come by a couple of time a week after that.  She even paid for 
my professional services by the hour.  To everyone in the office I was 
merely advising her on her divorce proceedings. 


   One day, around the time I was getting ready to leave for work, I 
received a call on my cell phone.  The called ID showed it was Sheetal.  I 
was pretty surprised as we had agreed that she would not call on my cell 
phone.  I didn't want my wife seeing my phone bill and get suspicious. 


   I answered the phone and Sheetal was surprisingly brief, "I'm here on 
the corner of Sunset Blvd and Spaulding Ave.  I need you to come by and 
pick me up." 


   I knew that to be a particularly seedy area of town and I thought that 
maybe her car broke down or something and that's why she needed me to pick 
her up.  It wasn't a good area and so I quickly rushed out of the office 
and drove over. 


   I drove a couple of times past the intersection she had mentioned trying 
to see if I could find Sheetal anywhere but there was no sign of her.  I 
didn't want to get a ticket for cruising so I found a spot to park and got 
out to look for her on foot.  She wasn't picking up her cell phone.  It was 
getting a little dark and there were mostly hookers on the sidewalks at 
that time of the evening.  I walked past them trying not to make direct eye 
contact but I couldn't help but sneak a peak at a few of them.  I wished we 
lived in a consequence free world that I could pick up one of them and take 
them over to some motel for a night of debauchery.  That's when I heard one 
of them call my name.  "This ain't no peep show Rahul". 


   I was stunned to see Sheetal, standing there leaning against a lamppost. 
She was wearing a short red dress made of a spandex like material.  It was 
more like a swimsuit barely connected at the waist leaving most of her 
midriff bare. 


   She wore a long pearl necklace entwined around her neck and hanging down 
all the way to her waist.  She wore black fishnet stocking and stood 
perched on inch high platform heels.  In her stocking she kept a couple of 
packets of condoms.  She was wearing far too much eye shadow or mascara or 
whatever and her lips were almost glowing with bright red lipstick.  Her 
hair wasn't the usual straight long flowing style.  Instead it looked slick 
and curly.  I probably wouldn't have recognized her if I wasn't so familiar 
with her voice from all those times when she talked dirty to me during sex. 
She really loved acting like a slut and now she had taken it to another 
level. 


   "Like what you see mister?" she said while rubbing her crotch thru her 
dress in an obscene gesture.  I was speechless.  Then she came close to me 
and rising on her tip toes on those heels whispered into my ear, "I wanted 
you to pull up in the car and pick me up like you were picking up a 
hooker." 


   All I could muster in response was, "I want to watch you." She opened 
her eyes wide as if in disbelief and then chewing her gum a little more 
smiled at me and said and enthusiastic, "OK!" 


   I walked over to my car nearby and sat down watching her.  She really 
had this thing down.  She walked a couple of times up and down the sidewalk 
just like the other girls.  She was by far the prettiest.  Whenever a car 
would slow down as it passed by her she'd look at the driver and really act 
as if offering a blowjob.  She'd open her lips and jerk her fist near her 
mouth and then suck on her thumb, twisting her head as she sucked. 


   I loved watching her walk.  She moved so sexily, swaying her hips from 
side to side with each step.  You could easily make out the perfect curves 
of her as underneath her dress.  She bent over as if rubbing her leg and 
the dress hiked up just a little, revealing the very bottom of her butt 
cheeks. 


   I was about to turn the key in the ignition to go pick her up when I 
noticed a silver Mercedes pull up next to the curb.  I couldn't see the 
driver from my vantage point but I saw Sheetal saunter over to the 
passenger side window and lean over.  She spoke to him for a couple of 
seconds, in between adjusting her stockings and then opened the door and 
climbed in.  I was shocked!  What was she doing?  I thought about following 
the car but to do what?  The last thing I wanted was to be busted for 
pimping or something.  But I was concerned for Sheetal, she may have been 
doing something stupid but I didn't want her to get hurt.  So I pulled out 
of the parking space and started following her.  Then my phone rang.  I 
picked up and it was Sheetal.  "Hi baby..." she said very casually, "I've 
picked up a customer and I'm gonna go party with him.  I'll be back in 15 
minutes." Then I heard a beep and click but she didn't hand up.  She put 
the phone on speakerphone, probably on purpose and I could hear their 
conversation.  "Just checkin' in with my suga' daddy.  Just pull up 
someplace safe and we can talk." 


   The car pulled into an alley nearby and stopped.  Then I heard the guy 
ask, "so how much you girls charging these days?" Sheetal didn't answer 
right away, I knew why.  She gathered her wits and replied, "20 bucks for a 
handjob, 40 for a blowjob and 100 for a fuck." "Here's 40 bucks and I'll 
add another ten if you can earn it." 


   The next thing I heard was her unzipping him.  I got out of my car and 
discretely walked over to see what was going on.  It was dark and I 
couldn't see the guy's face but I could clearly make out Sheetal's body in 
the bright red dress, leaning over into his lap.  Her upper body bobbed up 
and down.  I put the phone to my ears and listened.  I could make out some 
faint slurping sounds and Sheetal's unmistakable moaning along with the 
guy's muffled groans.  Then I saw Sheetal raise her head delicately wiping 
the edges of her lips with her fingertips and I heard her on the phone 
asking him, "mmm...  you like that big boy, you like what I'm doing to you 
big fat cock.  Yeah, can I call you daddy?  Huh...  Give me your juice 
daddy, you wanna make your little girl happy don't you?" 


   Then she started sucking him again.  He didn't last very long and after 
a few more minutes he pounded on the side window a couple of times groaning 
hard with his head straining back against the headrest and then sighed out 
loud.  Then I heard Sheetal moan, "mmm...  daddy your cum tastes sooo good. 
See I swallowed it all down." "Oh you're a good little girl.  Daddy loves 
you very much", he replied. 


   He handed her another ten dollar bill and drove her back to the sidewalk 
where he had picked her up.  I followed them back there too.  She climbed 
out of the car with a naughty grin on her face and a look of 
accomplishment. I took a quick look around to see if the coast was clear, 
no cops or anyone around and then slowly pulled up next to the curb and 
rolled down the window.  Sheetal walked up to the window and leaned on the 
car door, her back curving gorgeously and her ass pushed up.  "Hi honey... 
you lookin' for a party?" 


   I couldn't believe my ears.  After everything that had happened she was 
still in character.  I calmed down and decided to play along, "yeah... 
um...  are you interested?  I mean, yeah I want to party.  Get in." 


   "Easy sugar...  don't you wanna know how much?" "Huh?  Oh...  yeah, how 
much?" "Tell you what lover boy, lets pull into one of those alleys and 
we'll talk a little business there." 


   She pulled open the door and slid into the passenger's side seat.  My 
eyes were transfixed between her thighs.  The dress was so short and tight 
it had pulled up almost all the way up her thighs nearly revealing 
everything.  I returned my focus to the road and pulled out and drover over 
to another nearby alley.  Once we had parked I turned to Sheetal and nearly 
screamed at her.  "What were you thinking Sheetal?  How could you just 
climb into a car with some strange guy?  Let alone the fact that he could 
have been some weirdo who could have killed you or something, what if a cop 
had caught you two?  You could have been arrested for soliciting, public 
indecency and about half a dozen other offences." 


   "Relax Rahul.  The danger adds to the thrill of it.  I didn't plan on 
it. But when the car pulled up next to me and he called me over...  I 
thought that I'll just talk to him...  I knew you were watching and I 
thought it would turn you on.  I wasn't planning to get in the car with 
him; I just thought I'd act the part you know.  Then when the guy 
propositioned me it was so thrilling.  The thought of a guy actually 
wanting to pay me for sex after just one look at me...  over all those 
other girls on the street.  I was just so excited I wanted to see what 
would happen next so I said yes.  Then I got in the car with him and I was 
so nervous and yet so keyed up.  Then I got the idea of calling you and 
keeping you on the line so you could come by if I got in trouble or 
something.  Anyway, everything's cool...  so relax!" 


   She was rubbing my crotch the whole while so I calmed down a little. 
Then she turned to me and started narrating the whole thing to me.  "So did 
you listen to the whole thing?  Was the sound clear?  It was so fucking 
hot. I still can't believe I just did that!!" 


   "What was with the whole 'daddy's little girl' act?" I asked her.  "Oh 
shit...  the guy was such a perv.  When I unzipped him and started playing 
with his dick he pulled out a small photograph from his shirt pocket and 
held it in the palm of his hand.  He tried to keep me from seeing it but I 
could see it.  It was of him with a young girl about my size and with the 
same hair.  I could tell it was his daughter.  I could tell he was trying 
to get off imagining me as his daughter...  so when said he'd pay me extra 
if I could earn it...  I took it as a challenge and I knew just how to put 
him over the top.  Fuck...  can you believe the guy wants his own daughter 
to suck him off and feed her his cum.  What a fucking pervert." 


   "Yeah...  there are all sorts of perverts.  That's why I was so 
worried", I said, trying to ignore the images my mind was conjuring up 
thinking of the guy and his daughter.  Sheetal did look pretty young and 
with the curly hair she seemed even more adolescent.  "Aaaaw...  my man was 
worried about me.  that's shooo..." 


   Her words were cut short by two short loud piercing sounds and flashing 
lights in my rear view mirror.  My pulse quickened and my skin felt cold. A 
black and white cruiser pulled up behind us and the officer said something 
over the speaker I couldn't decipher.  What was I going to do if I got 
arrested for picking up a prostitute?  Rupali would find out everything. 
The office walked up to my window and shone his flashlight inside the car. 
Everything looked so obvious...  her clothes, us parked in the dark alley. 


   The officer asked us for ID and what we were doing here.  I fumbled 
around for my driver's license trying my best not to look guilty but I had 
truly never been more afraid in my life.  Sheetal was nervous too and she 
handed him her driver's license and her old real estate agent 
identification card.  She mentioned where she lived and the officer checked 
the address listed on her driver's license. 


   I guess the officer realized that she wasn't a real hooker and told us 
to move on and that it wasn't a good neighborhood and sitting in an 
expensive car parked a dark alley like that was just asking for trouble. 


   I breathed a sigh of relief thanked the officer and got out of there as 
fast as possible.  No point tempting fate twice.  I wanted to drop Sheetal 
off at home and forget this evening ever happened.  But Sheetal had other 
things in mind. 


   She told me her car was parked in the parking lot of a nearby motel.  By 
the time we got there Sheetal had managed to calm me down.  Exciting me 
again with the details of her night, squirming in the car seat as she 
rubbed her crotch.  She had already booked a room in the motel and despite 
my resistance she had me in the room before I long.  It was a seedy little 
motel just off the sunset strip.  Just one room with a TV, a double bed and 
a bathroom.  It wasn't dirty but it smelled damp and the room was mostly 
lit up by the cheesy neon sign outside.  I kicked off my shoes and socks 
and sat down on the bed and she got back into character standing in front 
of me asking, "so what'll it be lover?" "You never told me how much", I 
replied. 


   "It's 20 for a handjob, 40 for a blowjob and 100 bucks if you want to 
fuck". 


   I pulled out my wallet and handed her two hundred dollar bills. 
"Mmmm... looks like you want the full treatment", she said with a smile on 
her lips.  "And everything else too", I added as I rose up off the bed 
wrapping my palms on her gorgeous ass pulling up the stretchy material of 
her red dress.  I dipped her finger in her asshole and she knew what I was 
in the mood for.  She pushed me back on the bed and knelt down between my 
legs and started unbuckling my belt.  I rose up slightly to let her pull 
off my pants and shorts in one go leaving me completely nude from the waist 
down.  Stroking me lightly she started sucking my dick.  I was hard in less 
than half a second, eager to fuck her.  I couldn't believe how much this 
girl relished being a slut.  My dick was slick with her saliva and precum 
and she tightly gripped my shaft at the base.  It hurt a little and then 
she slowly stroked her fist up the length of my hard cock enveloping the 
head and then twisted her fingers over the moist bulbous head and then 
moved her fist back down the shaft.  I was in heaven.  What she was doing 
was like magic.  I had never been stroked like this before not even when I 
was jacking off.  It was slow and patient work but still every instant was 
like a new sensation.  Her hands glistened with my juices and from time to 
time when unexpectedly she'd lick the cock head with the tip of her tongue. 


   I had never lasted so long but eventually my orgasm came over me like a 
tidal wave.  I came hard, shooting streams of white cum straight up.  They 
landed all over me and Sheetal then licked every drop off my body in slow 
enticing strokes. 


   "Just a sec", she said and excused herself and to go to the bathroom to 
relieve herself.  I had never seen a woman pee.  I had been married to 
Rupali for three years now but we still locked the doors when we did our 
business in there.  We showered together often but had never seen each 
other urinate.  I burst in on Sheetal as she settled down on the toilet 
seat.  She hadn't been wearing any underwear all along.  "Hey!!" Mshe 
protested.  "I just want to watch you", I said meekly. 


   "Ok...", she replied a little puzzled.  I stood there my eyes intently 
watching her as Sheetal looked away trying to concentrate.  I guess she was 
feeling self conscious but after a few seconds pause she closed her eyes 
and felt relief as I heard a pouring sound in the toilet bowl.  I saw the 
urine gush from her pussy and finally diminish to a trickle.  "Mmmm...  god 
I thought I was going to burst", she finally commented. 


   I've never really held any fascination for urination or anything, but 
since the whole mood of the evening was so taboo that I wanted to 
experience every lustful, depraved thing that landed in my head.  I took 
some toilet paper and helped Sheetal clean up.  Rubbing her pussy lovingly 
as I did.  She flushed and then I picked her up and carried her to the bed. 


   I had become hard again and Sheetal took a condom from her stockings and 
tore off open the wrapper with her teeth.  Stroking my dick with one hand 
she started to roll the rubber on to my dick like an expert little whore. 
"Mmmm...  you like watching girls pee baby?  That's what gets you off? 
Hmm??" 


   She then lay back on the bed and spread her legs inviting me in.  I 
pulled the stretchy straps of her dress down from her shoulders revealing 
her breasts.  Flicking the nipples with my thumbs I stroked her flesh as 
she guided my dick towards her pussy lips.  She raised one leg placing it 
over my shoulder and took her time rubbing the head against the opening 
till I was so overcome that without realizing I started pushing my hips 
forward, eager to feel the warmth of her moist flesh. 


   I finally sank myself deep into her pussy in one thrust, enjoying the 
new sensation of fucking her wearing a condom for the first time.  Sheetal 
never made me wear a condom.  She always assured me she was on the pill. 
Tonight she wanted me to experience what it was like to fuck a stranger who 
you picked up on the streets. 


   "Mmmm...  yeah you're so big baby...  fuck this tight little pussy. 
You're the biggest fucking cock I've ever had in me!  Shiiiit...  SHIT SHIT 
SHIT!!!" Her tempo increased in time with my thrusts.  "You like that you 
little slut...  huh...  answer me??  You like having my cock in your 
cunt??" "Yes," she smiled.  "It's wonderful.  It's so nice and thick and 
hard and hot --" It felt wonderful.  Instinctively, she began to move in 
unison with me, her hips and buttocks writhing and grinding sensually under 
mine. 


   She closed her eyes and smiled lasciviously, fondling her breasts. 
Holding her left leg (which was propped over my shoulder) I banged into her 
hard, the room filled with the sounds of my flesh slapping against hers.  I 
saw my cock and it seemed magnificent.  That's how she made me feel.  All 
powerful.  My cock slid smoothly in and out of her cunt, glistening and 
gleaming.  My balls squeezed up against her cunt-lips each time I went into 
her.  She writhed joyously under me, her head flipping slowly from side to 
side.  She fondled her tits. 


   "Ohh behenchod...  chodhomujhe.  Fuck ME!  Yes!!  -- God yes -- that 
feels so good -- Ohhhh yes...  yes...  fuck me, RAHUL!!  Aaaaaaaaaww... 
aaaaww..  ayeeeee...  Uyeeee maaAAAA.  She was so lost in the moment that 
she completely forgot she was supposed to be pretending to be an American 
prostitute.  She started moaning and gasping, spewing filthy obscenities in 
Hindi. 


   I slid my hands up her belly and squeezed her breasts and then moved 
then higher clutching her hair as I increased my pace.  I leaned my head 
back and pounded away at her cunt, enjoying the feeling of using and 
abusing this whore for my pleasure.  Knowing that she was enjoying 
everything that I was doing to her. 


   My mind faded between the different images of her.  Seeing her in a 
saree, smiling innocently pretending to be the very picture of an Indian 
beauty and then the next instant seeing her walking the streets in her high 
heels and dressed like a slutty little fucktoy.  "Fuck me hard," she gasped 
softly.  "Fuck me -- like a whore --" and she pushed her head back into 
flicking her tongue over her lips. 


   She clenched my arms, her head whipping from side to side.  Bending my 
head, I sucked on her tits.  Her back arched in pleasure and her feet rose 
and hooked under my arms, around my back, taking me even deeper into her 
cunt like a wanton, greedy whore, moaning and clawing. 


   "Take it!  Take it, bitch!  Take my cock!  Ohhh unhhh yeh -- that's it - 
take it -- take it, Sheetal -- take my cock!  Ohhh fuck yes!  Ohhhh yes! 
Aaaaja rundi...  mein tujhe chodrahahun.  AAAaa.  Fuck.  Mera lund tere 
undar hai!!" 


   Suddenly her cunt convulsed frantically on my cock and she bowed back 
and cried out, arching in delight under me.  The sudden cramping of her 
cunt on my dick took me by surprise.  Wearing the condom had dampened my 
sensations slightly, even delaying my orgasm a little but the immense 
convulsions of her cunt muscles were too much and I jerked hard.  My 
abdominal muscles strained as I drove deep into her, my cock struggling to 
release my load.  I felt every burst of my sperm spewing out into the 
condom as I collapsed on top of her. 


   I was about to drift off to sleep but Sheetal pushed me off her, rolling 
me onto my side and my deflating cock slipped from her dripping pussy.  She 
cupped my balls lovingly and gently pulled the condom off my dick.  She 
accidentally plucked off a couple of my pubic hairs that had got tangled in 
the rubber and that certainly woke me right up.  (Maybe she did it 
deliberately...  to make sure I was paying attention to what she was about 
to do ;) ) 


   She pinched the tip of the condom that was full of my freshly drained 
cum and looking up, held the condom over her mouth and squeezed her finger 
and thumb along the length of the rubber pushing every drop of my juice 
into her waiting orifice. 


   I had never seen a girl do anything quite so smutty.  She rolled the 
white cream around in her mouth and then swallowed it all down with her 
eyes closed. 


   After drinking down my cum she snuggles up close to me and we lay back 
gasping and panting on the bed.  I looked at my watch and checked the time. 
It was about quarter past nine in the evening.  Rupali must have been 
wondering where I am.  It's not unusual for me to work this late but I 
usually call her up a couple of times to let her know not to wait up for 
me. I sat up on the bed, grabbed my phone and started to dial home. 
Sheetal was rubbing my soft dick as I waited for the phone to ring.  She 
asked me what I was doing and I told her to keep quiet.  I told her I was 
calling Rupali. 


   Rupali picked up the phone and asked me where I was.  I told her I was 
with a client.  I made up a story about how the client wasn't in a 
condition to come to the office so I went to see him.  Rupali started 
telling me about her day...  rambling on and on.  Quietly Sheetal crept off 
the bed and kneeled again between my legs.  I knew what was coming.  I 
frowned at her, gesturing with my hands to get her to stop.  But she wasn't 
to be denied.  I think it turned her on even more knowing that she was 
doing these things to me as I was talking to my wife on the phone. 


   Making sure to keep her hands held firmly behind her she started to 
slowly suck on my soft dick.  She licked and sucked on it, occasionally 
rubbing her face against it, caressing it lovingly against her cheeks.  Her 
eyes closed.  She rose up slowly and twirled around; swaying her hips and 
then gave me a lap dance like a common stripper.  Concentrating hard not to 
give myself away over the phone I finally had to tell Rupali that I had to 
go.  "Aaaaaw...  I was hoping you'd tell her to join us", teased Sheetal. 


   She bent over and started stroking my dick again, as it started to rise 
again, growing hard very gradually.  She rummaged thru our clothed on the 
bed looking for her little purse.  She pulled out a small tube.  "I got 
this especially for tonight.  I went to that hustle store today and GOD... 
I almost squealed when I saw this.  She held the tube close up to my face 
and I read the name and just below it were the words, "Edible Lubricant - 
Strawberry Flavored". 


   Sheetal made me stand as she sat on the bed and squeezing some of the 
clear pinkish gel into her palms started to stroke my dick.  She squeezed a 
few drops between her cleavage and mashing her tits together said, "Come on 
Rahul, you know what I want!" 


   Holding her by her shoulders, I bent my knees to position my dickhead 
just below her breasts I stood up and pushed my dick between the tight 
cleavage of her breasts.  It was still not very hard but once it popped in 
it felt wonderful.  She squeezed her breasts together in a slow rhythm 
moving up and down on my slick cock so I didn't even have to move at first. 
In a few seconds my dick was completely hard again.  Sheetal released my 
cock and I quickly flipped her over on the bed onto her knees and pushed 
her onto her forearms.  Her buttocks thrust back at me.  Grinning with 
pleasure, I pried open her ass cheeks and grabbing the lube I squeezed a 
few drops of the gel onto the puckered rim of her anus.  I rubbed the 
sticky, slick liquid into her asshole with my fingers, pushing the tips of 
them into her hole.  I then bent down and thrust my face between those 
magnificent round mounds of her flesh.  Sheetal gasped as my tongue swirled 
over her anus.  I slid a finger into her cunt and quickly masturbated her. 
Her whole lower body trembled in my hands.  I jerked my fingers rapidly in 
and out of her cunt and slurped her asshole. 


   "Yes!" She cried.  "Ohhh maa...  choose mujhe rahul.  Choosele mujhe. 
yes!  Oh ma yes ohhhh uhhhhh yes oh god yes! 


   Standing up pulled the gaping asshole open wide with my fingers and 
squeezed the entire remaining contents of the tube into her asshole. 


   Her moist buttocks gleamed in the light from the window and her chest 
heaved in anticipation of what was about to come.  Her fingers clenched 
tightly scrunching the bed sheet and the left side of her face was buried 
in the pillow. 


   I pressed my cock-head to her buttocks and, grinning lewdly, my eyes 
glittering with excitement slowly pushed my hips forward, fluxing my 
buttocks.  My cock-head forced her anus open and popped into the pink 
puckered hole.  Sheetal's body jerked forward and her head snapped back and 
her mouth tore open.  She shrieked in pleasure and agony.  She was used to 
being fucked in the ass by me but tonight for some reason it was as if it 
was an entirely new experience for her.  Her neck strained up and tendons 
stood out and strained in her long neck and her lips snapped back in a 
savage rictus.  She looked like wild animal. 


   "OH god you're so fucking big, motherfucker!" 


   "Ohhhhhhhh uhhh yes!  Ohhh god, yes, uhhhhh Ohhh yes!" She cried, her 
body writhing and shaking, twisting, her chest heaving frantically. 


   Sheetal cried out again, louder and longer, her head arching violently 
backward, her back bending steeply down.  I pushed myself deeper and deeper 
till I was completely enveloped by her ass.  Her moans gradually faded and 
she seemed to calm down, that's when I knew she was ready to get fucked. 
As I moved back and forth, enjoying the feeling of her tight rear passage 
she began whimpering softly.  I slid my hands up her slender, curved body 
to cup her swollen, pendulous breasts.  I enjoyed the feeling of power and 
control.  Of possessing this woman completely.  Bending her to my will. 
Making her moan and shriek like a whore.  Her nipples were long and stiff 
in small, dark aureoles.  She groaned, biting her lower lip and her anus 
was deeply impaled on my cock. 


   "Oh God Rahul...  "Yes!" she gasped.  "Ohh god yes!  Ohhh that's so 
good, Joe!  Fuck my ass, baby ...  fuck it hard!  Ohhh god I want it!  I 
want it all!  Fuck me, 


   lover!  Fuck my butt!  Do it!" 


   Chod meri gaand...  lele mujhe!!  Ohhh God do it harder...  I want it! I 
want it deeper!  Fuck me, Rahul baby!  I know you love fucking my tight 
little asshole!" 


   Still humping her hard I bent over and kissed the sweaty nape of her 
neck tasting the salty smooth skin.  Squeezing her breasts with one hand I 
moved the other down, caressing her firm belly along the way down to her 
pussy.  My penis glistened as it slid back and forth, in and out of her 
asshole.  Some of the pink lube foamed around the edge of her hole... 
evidence of the ferocity of our fucking. 


   "Yeah you dirty little cunt.  You like that...  huh...  you fucking like 
that!! 


   I pushed my middle finger into her wet pussy.  It felt no resistance at 
all as it went deep into her slippery flesh and I arched the finger like a 
hook stroking her insides as I continued to fuck her fiercely.  My other 
hand traced the deep valley of her cleavage, rubbing the flesh between her 
breasts as they tremble in time with my thrusts. 


   "Yeah baby...  I love it...  Rupali's doesn't know what she's missing 
baby.  Mmmmm...  fuck yeah...  harder...  mmmm...  if she'd only loosen.... 
Uhn...  up...  she'd be so fucking sexy.  Oh yeah Rahul...  mmmm... 
AAaah...  aaah...  I'd love to undress her and lick that innocence right 
out of her tight little pussy", She screamed with the last remaining bit of 
her restraint as she was rocked by an orgasm. 


   To this day I can't believe that effect those last few words had on me 
at that instant.  Already randy as hell while fucking Sheetal bareback up 
the ass...  while living out one of my kinkiest fantasies of fucking a 
dirty little street whore...  the thought Sheetal licking my sweet, 
innocent wife Rupali's pussy, the image of her giving herself completely to 
Sheetal as she bent between those precious thighs of my wife completely 
drove me over the edge. 


   As I was feeling Sheetal's cunt clasp tightly around my finger, I came 
harder than I ever have before or since.  I felt my body shiver as each 
drop of my cum coursed through my body, through my penis into Sheetal.  My 
whole being for those few brief moments being condensed to a single 
intangible spot in my loins. 


   After emptying my entire load deep inside Sheetal I lay down wholly 
contented on the bed, completely oblivious of my surroundings at that 
point. Sheetal was still on her hands and knees and nudged me...  and told 
me to pass her the plastic cup on the nightstand.  I reached over and 
passed it to her half interested in what she was up to now.  Then I saw her 
gently raise herself onto her knees, carefully keeping the cup pressed 
against the soft flesh of her buttocks.  Her ass was a bright pink after 
being slapped repeatedly against my hips.  She closed her eyes, a calm, 
relieved look washing over her face as the semi transparent white liquid 
poured from her asshole.  The mixture of the generous portion of the edible 
lubricant and my thick white cum filled with my sperm.  After filling up 
almost half the cup with the liquid and sensing she was finally empty she 
ceremoniously raised the cup to her mouth and slowly upturned the cup into 
her mouth.  I rose up off the bed standing next to her and watched her 
swish and slush my cum which she had drained from her asshole in her open 
mouth.  She held me in her arms, caressing me, a hug of pure affection and 
gratitude and then I felt her swallow it all down. 



-- 
Pursuant to the Berne Convention, this work is copyright with all rights 
reserved by its author unless explicitly indicated.
