So the time has come for me to tell you that they lived happily ever after, but I'm afraid I can't do that just yet. One piece of the puzzle is missing and I've finally decided to fill it in. You see, in the many years I've spent looking after the boys, they never knew of my helping hand. But I did lots of weighing the good and bad and realized that at long last I should reveal myself to the boys, not so much boys anymore as men.

It's not often that a fairy exposes themselves to humans, and it's a risk but one I was willing to take. I waited until the time felt right on a special occasion where the boys were enjoying the rare treat of being in a real home. The Cirq had deposited itself in the middle of a sleepy town in the mountains of North Carolina, the seldom used home of their foster parents now getting its share of attention since the snow had begun to come down earlier in the month. The show would be on hold until spring blew it's warm breath over the land, and until then it was just Adam, Kris, and Tommy.

When Adam's twenty-ninth birthday arrived, I could no longer hide myself from the men I'd grown to love like a doting parent. I flitted into the room that they shared, silently landing on the bureau beside a candle weeping its offerings into a collection plate. My wings were stiff with the cold, so I stood there letting the warmth of the flame seep into my skin as I watched the trio. This time was like so many others, but not, no because this was their first time sprawled together on a real king-sized bed.

Adam's fingers traced down the scales on Kris' torso, his emerald skin shimmering slightly. Kris let out a contented sigh into Tommy's mouth as their lips tangled in a languid kiss that was as sweet as honey. Tommy's wings were iridescent with arousal, the colors shifting with every turn of my head as I observed. Perhaps the most interesting feature in this easy interaction between them was the happy twitch of Adam's tail as it plundered it's lubed length into Tommy's hole.

Then Adam's voice reached my ears just seconds before Kris groaned as a slick finger slipped inside him. "Gonna get you ready for Tommy. You want Tommy to fuck you, don't you baby," Adam rumbled while adding a second finger.

"Yessss," Kris hissed, his hips rocking down to meet Adam's fingers, and in that moment it was all I could do to keep quiet. These boys were amazingly in tune with each other and when Kris grunted, Adam slipped away to be replaced by Tommy.

"Hands and knees, Kris," Tommy directed. Kris positioned himself as ordered, back bowed and presenting his ass for inspection. It was a glorious sight to behold. Tommy rubbed his left hand appreciatively over one round globe while using the right to roll down the condom Adam had provided him. A little more lube to his cock and Tommy was sinking into heaven.

Kris fell to his elbows, chin meeting his chest as pleasure coursed throughout his body. "Tommy," he sighed, trapping his bottom lip between his teeth.

Tommy ran his fingers down the silky scales of Kris' back, his other hand digging into tender flesh in response to one last twitch of Adam's tail. The entire time Adam had been silently surveying the scene as he prepared Tommy, but suddenly he could take no more and slid a condom over his straining length. He drew closer to Tommy, removed his tail before settling himself on his knees and directed his cock to the smaller man's slick hole. Soft wings brushed his chest and he used his hands on the blonde's hips to still them. He placed a soft kiss into Tommy's neck before slowly pushing into the vision of heavenly perfection.

When he was fully seated I could feel my own mouth gaping; Adam balls deep in Tommy, Kris's ass flush against Tommy's groin. It was like a motherfucking sex conga line. For decades I had occasionally caught lovers' in the act, some weird shit too sometimes, but this was a first. I couldn't take my eyes off of them. Tommy became the cog that fired up the sex machine, his hips starting an easy slow dance as he thrust into Kris and then sunk back on Adam's thick length. I thought fairies were kinky but sheesh that thought flew out the window when Adam's tail snaked around to the front of the aforementioned line to wrap around Kris's dick, and it stroked Kris in time with Tommy's thrusts.

The noises that filled the room thrummed through my form, their intensity filling my body with warmth. With each beat of my heart the sounds increased in volume and my own excitement began to heighten the energy in the room. The boys didn't know it at the time but I could tell they felt it. This was the first time in the twenty-nine years I'd been following Adam that my energies poured into his life force and that of his lovers. The room coursed with heat and passion; my body tingled with it and when I heard the first cry of Kris' release my knees wobbled.

Kris' body went limp, and Tommy pulled out and tossed the condom. Kris shifted feebly onto his back, his legs stretching to frame the show around him: Adam's tail quickly looping around to squeeze and stroke Tommy's length as his hips sped to their goal, slamming into pliant flesh. The sounds of skin meeting skin, gasps, moans, and whimpers filled the air. It wasn't long before Adam's thrusts became erratic and one hand went from Tommy's hip to brush over soft feathers, knowing full well by the glow that it would be enough to tip Tommy over the edge.

"Come on angel baby, wanna see you come all over Kristopher." Adam's voice hot in his ear along with the fingers caressing his wing caused the pixie-faced boy to scream something that sounded a lot like 'Adam' as his cock erupted, pale white ropes of seed in stark contrast to rich emerald skin. The perfection of Tommy's body tightening, his insides gripping Adam's cock in their sinfully delicious vice sent Adam toppling into Tommy as with one final jerk of his hips he gasped out his release and nuzzled his face into a cloud of soft white.

When Adam managed to make it back upright the scene was a beautiful one: his softening cock leaving Tommy's body, Tommy' wings wide as he braced himself on his elbows with his cheek pressed against Kris' come-coated chest and finally, Kris beneath him wearing a lazy, warm smile on his lips.

It was now or never, and I couldn't help but think about how in synch and perfect these boys seemed to be. Very few words were needed, almost as if they each knew what the other was thinking and adjusted their actions in turn. Of course as I said before, I'd never seen a sex conga line so who knows maybe they're all like that, or maybe these boys are as special as I think they are. It was in these final ponderings that the weakened state of my legs along with the post-energy sharing-high caused me to fall to my knees with a thump. Looks like I didn't have to expose myself after all. The noise caught the attention of the drowsy trio on the bed and they searched the area until their eyes landed right on lil ole me.

"Is that…?" Kris' voice was unsure.

"It looks like a…" said Tommy.

"A perverted little fairy," Adam finished.

I couldn't help but laugh and when I finally found my feet again I tested my wings. Yes they were much warmer now and not as stiff so I flew over to the bedside table. "Hi," I said softly as I watched the three of them look back and forth to each other to confirm that they were indeed not imagining the tiny figure before them. "Yes, fairies are real boys, don't look so shocked, you guys aren't exactly normal yourselves. I thought it was about time I introduced myself to you. You see, Adam…" Adam cocked an eyebrow up at me. "Yes, I know your name, and much more than that. I've been with you since the day you were born, and when the Parson's came for you I followed them back to The Cirq with you."

"So you mean you're like some fairy godmother or something?" Tommy piped up.

"Not exactly. It's not like some fairy royalty assigned me to Adam when he was born. I just happened to be there, and there was something about him that I was drawn to. I wanted to protect him, and when you two joined The Cirq somehow or another those feelings of keeping him safe transferred to you both as well. So I've seen most everything. I knew about Adam's tail because I was there when it sprouted from his diaper. Kris I was there that first time you had a problem shedding and the morning after," I winked at him as his warm honey eyes widened. "And Tommy, I was the one that projected the vision, 'the sight' the voodoo priestess foretold. Well I didn't know it at the time but she saw what I was going to do way before I knew I was doing to do it. Truth is though, I just couldn't stand one more day of watching Adam being lonely, and I knew you boys were meant to be one. For three people you guys function better as a whole then separately. Together you can accomplish anything, and you might not always see me, but I'll always be here."

Each set of eyes were wide with amazement, but when I finally took a breath, unsure of what else I should say it was Kris who came forward. He scooted closer to the nightstand, eyes intent. "Can I hurt you?" he asked and I knew by his tone that he was only asking because inside he was still the boy with a million questions that needed to figure me out.

"No, the Fay are hardy creatures even though we're small, it's okay." Kris reached out and I wasn't expecting it but he scooped me up in his hand. My wings fluttered in shock until I finally settled and crossed my legs in his palm. Kris sat in much the same position, holding me up to Adam and Tommy so they could take a closer look.

Tommy tilted his head in curiosity as he gazed down at my wings. "Can I?" He demonstrated his intent by running a finger over his own wing. I couldn't help but smile. "Yes you can touch them." Tommy's finger was about a forth the size of my height and while it should have been scary, it wasn't. The soft feel of his fingertip against my wing only lasted a moment before he pulled away. "They feel nothing like mine, well, I expected that since you don't have feathers, but they feel like paper, like elastic paper. I mean they give under pressure, which is probably a good thing, and I bet they don't tear easily," Tommy rambled nonsensically, his eyes filled with wonder. I smiled at him kindly.

Adam, the one I felt the strongest parenting instincts toward had been silent the whole time, but when I gazed up at him his eyes shone with unshed tears.

"What is it Adam?" I stood and flew from Kris's palm to land on Adam's shoulder where he'd laid back with his head propped on a pillow. I could tell from his expression that he was thinking about how to express himself, so in the silence I brushed my hand along his smooth cheek before kissing it softly. Sometimes it sucked to be so small, but I wanted to give him that small comfort.

"You, you saved me. I was going down an awful road and you used my brothers to save me. Thank you…" He looked down at me, puzzled. "What's your name?"

"My name's Brad and you're welcome."

…

It was long about three seconds later when Mr. Sandman made his rounds, but before I left Adam's shoulder I noticed the soft smile splayed on his lips while he dreamed. When I moved, he curled his body against Tommy who'd already snuggled against Kris.

They wouldn't truly ever see me again except occasionally in a dream, but I was always there, always watching after the boys I'd come to think of as my own, even if I didn't birth them.