Biking Adventure

This was a biking themed adventure.

Ok, I decided to try and see what I could do with this. I had
multiple plans of what to do, I just really didn't know which plan to
use. I was itching too much for an adventure though so I did this one
pretty unprepared.

For this adventure I wore some sweat pants, a bikini bottom, a t-shirt
and bikini top. I wore the bikini stuff because I thought I could do
something with it.

My girlfriend joined me, but wasn't going to be doing anything this
time. She was just there for moral support. We just got on our bikes
and rode off.

It was nice out that day, which meant there might have been too many
cars around. After a short time I was ready to try something, so we
stopped. I then took off my pants and shirt, and gave them to my
girlfriend to hold. She didn't want to do that, since she didn't want
to carry them. I asked if she could hold them just until we got to
the park.

Now, I'm not used to being in my bikini in a non-water environment.
Heck, when I'm sitting around anywhere, in any amount of clothes, I
can imagine that I'm naked. But, when you are in only two small
pieces of cloth, it's a lot easier.

I felt like I was in my underwear, I was embarrassed to continue. I
hoped it wouldn't look too weird to be riding my bike in my bikini.
I've seen others do the same thing, so I should be fine. I was still
scared though. I felt so exposed while riding.

The wind was blowing all over me, well almost all over me. We passed
some people occasionally and a few cars. They looked, but it didn't
seem like anyone was mad or took particular notice of it.

We got to the park and we quickly hid my clothes so we wouldn't have
to carry them around. We then rode our bikes through and out of the
park. Once we got to the bike trail I figured it was time to go into
one of my other plans.

The path was a one- way path which loops right back into the park. If
we went decent speed, no one would be able to catch up to us, and we
would know before we caught up to anyone else. So we went a bit down
the path, stopped, and off came the bikini.

Now naked, I got onto the bike and we continued. I'm not a biker so I
was getting tired by now, but my girlfriend said she knew the path and
would warn me when we would get to the end.

I was having a good time though. It was nice to be naked outside in
the sun again, and it was great on a bike. Sitting on the bike naked
wasn't too comfortable though, but I was able to ignore that and enjoy
it. We never did catch up to someone.

When we were near the end I got my bikini back on and we went off to
where I left my pants. There was one last plan I had, and luckily it
didn't really involve riding, which I was tired of already.

I got the shirt on and while hidden behind the bush I got off my
bikini bottom and got on the pants. I made sure to have worn these
junky pants.
I wanted to do an accidental exposure, and I figured I would get my
pants stuck in a bike.

I figured I'd have one leg of my pants get stuck in the wheel, then
push it a bit to get it jammed in. Then I would wait and hope someone
comes by so I could try to struggle free. So, we went back to the
bike path, as that was the logical place to do this.

I got off my bike and got the leg of my pants a bit in. I then pushed
the bike and sure enough I got it in there. I then got half way on my
bike, so when someone showed up, it would look like I just stopped to
try to fix the problem. My girlfriend decided to try to not act like
she knew me and road off to watch from afar.

Shortly after my girlfriend road away from me, someone showed up, and
I it was time for me to put on my show. Luckily, when I do these
adventures, I do actually get myself stuck to make them realistic. It
makes it so I can't back out.

Well I started off by just pulling and tugging. This caused the back
of my pants to pull down a bit, so I was probably showing the tip of
my crack. I noticed someone watching. I couldn't tell for sure at
first, but after I was able to make a few glances in that person's
direction, I could see it looked like a 20 something woman.

I then started to get off the bike, causing about another inch of
crack to show. I held the bike with one hand and pulled with my
other. I regretted getting it stuck, but at the same time thanked
myself. I tried to pull with my leg too, but this only made things
worse.

Now half my butt was showing, so I stopped trying to get free and
pulled my pants back up. I heard two voices approach and then they
stopped. It sounded like two guys, but they may have seen the other
woman stop and decided to watch too. I couldn't tell if they stopped
to watch though, because I was blocking the path.

I got back to struggling with the bike, and soon again my pants were
falling down in the back. I then tried to pull my pants up by raising
my knee, but this only caused my pants to show about 2/3 of my butt.

I panicked about the show I must be giving, but I knew I had to do
more. I couldn't just walk away from this with just a few moonings.
I then had a plan and tried to pull away from the bike, as if in shock
from the pants falling.

Well, I still had my hand on the bike, so all I accomplished was
sliding backward and having my pants start to slide down the leg I
still had in the air. Well with one leg stuck to the bike, I
naturally fell. I had hoped for this though, and I was able to land
nice, well at least I didn't hurt myself.


As I fell the bike toppled over and my pants were pulled down to my
knees. I was now on the ground, with my pants down and my still
shaven region exposed.

The bike was now on top of the bottom of my legs, keeping my pants
down, and me down with then. I squealed a bit and covered up with my
hands. Getting up was going to be hard, as I now also had to cover
up, and with the pants still on I still was attached to the bike.

Well finally the group that was watching decided to give me some help.
The guys themselves were just being jerks, laughing, pointing, and
watching. The woman though had now perhaps realized the situation and
came to help. She lifted my bike up, so I didn't have to do it, and
so I could keep covered.

My pants were now around my knees, so I turned away from the boys and
pulled up the pants. The woman gave the boys a dirty look. They must
have been drooling or something.

She then started to fuss with the pants as I held my pants up,
occasionally losing a bit of my grip with her pulling, but it only
showed a bit of my crack to the boys that were still watching.

She almost had it, but then my girlfriend came back. She acted as if
she had left me there and was wondering where I had been. I explained
that I couldn't get unstuck. My girlfriend told the woman that she
could leave, because my girlfriend could help get me out of this
situation.

The woman took the offer and left, but the boys didn't leave. Well my
girlfriend moved fast and quickly tugged at the pants. Since no slack
cam from the part stuck in the bike, the rest came from my pants and
they got pulled all the way down my butt with the force she used.

I quickly reached down to get them. The thing I hate most about these
embarrassing situations is when they keep going. Right off they are
fun and exciting, but when they keep lasting longer, it seems to get
worse (in the end a whole lot better though).

She kept pulling though and I had to struggle to keep my pants up,
most of the time I was giving the boys partial moons.

She then asked the boys if they could give us privacy, by leaving or
at least turning around. The boys though merely only turned around.
I knew what she meant by that and she had already begun pulling my
pants off.

I was now getting pretty hot from all this, and wanted it to be over
as fast as possible, so I let her. It took a little while to get the
leg out that was in the bike, but when it was out I was then bottomless.

She got to working on the bike as I tried to ignore the fact that I
was standing there bottomless, with the two guys standing not far from
me. At least the two of them didn't look like they were trying to
sneak peeks.

She got them unstuck now that I wasn't causing problems and took them
in hand. She then got on her bike and shouted to me and the boys "see
ya" and she road off. She left me there bottomless!

The boys of course looked and now were seeing my bare behind. Knowing
I had to go after her I got on my bike and started pursuing her,
leaving the two boys behind. They got to see my naked butt as I road
off.

My girlfriend let me catch up and explained she thought it would be
fun. The two boys I heard not too far behind, probably not wanting to
miss a moment. I just kept going after my girlfriend as we exited the
path and into the park. I was glad there weren't any large groups
there, and I continued to follow my girlfriend out of the park.

I figured if I kept moving no one would be able to notice I was
bottomless fast enough. I now though wasn't following her in hopes of
getting the pants back. I really didn't want them back. I was now
just enjoying the ride. I was scared, but I saw no one on the side
walk and the cars seemed to go by fast enough.

We were getting close to home though so I had to ask her for them
back. She understood and I got them on for when we would go inside.
I'm thinking though that I'm almost starting to like riskier nude
adventures. At least if I'm moving fast enough no one will notice in
time.

I might have to think about trying some streaking and flashing.
Although, I still don't completely like the idea, the bottomless bike
ride was fun, so those other riskier dares might deserve a try.

Well those pants didn't stay on too long. Once I was sure I was out
of the eyes of any neighbors, they were off again. 