Exhibitionist Has Fun In The Mall
by Satsumabook123

Exhibitionist Has Fun In The Mall Ch. 01

Controlled by her friend as she plays sexually in the mall.

I have been an exhibitionist since I can remember. This was going to take it to another level. I felt a little bit like a character in a spy film. I am sitting in the mall with an earpiece in and a pair of glasses that film and transmit what I am seeing.

"Let's start with something basic. Straighten yourself up so that you are looking at the young man in front of you and open your legs so that he can see your panties. Hold his attention with your eyes. That's great he wants to look between your legs but he is aware that you are looking at him. Try and invite him with you eyes and a smile to look at your panties"

Ben was talking to me through the earpiece. I had the challenge to do exactly what he told me to. Dressed as agreed in a tight yellow summer dress with no bra and opaque panties which I had seen earlier framed my hairless pussy beautifully. My nipples could be made out through the dress without being clearly visible.

"That's it you have him hooked. He is even blushing a little. Close your legs and see if he can look you in the eyes. Engage him with your eyes and smile as you open you legs. Try and relax him into looking up your skirt again, he is looking too flustered and scared. Oh he got the message and I don't think it will be easy to get eye contact again. Let's see if we can at least get him looking up as far as your chest."

I wasn't sure how to do this but instinctively brought my hand down to the hem of my dress and then moved it diagonally up to my left nipple. I tried to make the rubbing of the nipple, and the quick tweak of it, look like I was scratching an itch. Somehow both nipples stood to attention instantly. My mouth was dry and my heart was pounding. I was a little disappointed that while I was very aware of my pussy it was not feeling wet as I had hoped. His eyes did make it to my face. I tried to show in my expression that I was happy with his attention and that he could enjoy the view as much as he liked. It seemed to work as his eyes dropped to my pantie covered pussy. He was even comfortable enough to rearrange his now straining erection within his trousers.

"There is probably not much more you can do with him. "

I knew Ben was right but wanted one more go at exciting the young man further. I was already sitting without the dress being between the bench and me. I lent back and slid my bottom forward ensuring my panties remained as much as possible where they were. The result was to pull them between my bum cheeks and my pussy. It was then I realized that I was not completely dry between the legs and my clit was trying to escape its' hood.

My next action was not disguised at all as I moved myself backwards and forwards. I have no idea what the two girls and the old man walking past made of it. It was enough to make the bench wet and me fully aroused. The man's eyes were wide open and focused. I stood up, picked my handbag off the bench and ran my finger along the damp bench. His expression was a picture of total confusion mixed with a realization that this was downright dirty and sexual. As I stood briefly in front of him and offered my middle finger to his mouth, he licked it taking it once into his mouth before I removed it. I would remember the look on his face forever. I wish I had been able to take his face in my hand and kiss him, but I knew I must get away quickly.

"That was amazing. I have never seen anything in my life so utterly dirty and beautiful at the same time. Believe it or not I was more excited than that lucky guy. I came completely spontaneously as you took your finger out of his mouth."

I would love to think that the man also orgasmed but I suspect that he would do so many times in the future with me in his thoughts.

"That was lovely but I suspect that you would like to get a little more stimulation yourself. Are you up for it?'

I was now very aware of a wet pussy and hard clit rubbing against my panties that now were riding up more like a thong. I wanted to be able to tell Ben what I was thinking but the communication was only one way. Maybe we can fix it for next time.

"Let's play with the grown ups now shall we?"

I was at least able to nod my agreement.

"Walk towards the coffee shop to your left and look around so that I can see your next target. There, sitting alone with the short hair and the light coloured trousers. Ask him if you can join him."

I could see who he meant. Not my type. Had to admit good looking but a little full of himself for my liking. No, better than good looking when he flashed me a smile. He seemed to be looking me over including right through my eyes and into my head. I was scared of him and fascinated at the same time. It was a quiet meek me that asked him if I could join him. It was nothing short of a cocky smile on his face as he indicated the seat next to him. A waitress approached and he ordered me a latte with a double shot. How dare he. More to the point how did he know what I always drink?

"Do you always wear clothes that allow your nipples to be on show? Are they always as excited looking as they are right now?

"Do not get up and leave, flirt with him."

I wanted to slap him but knew I had agreed to do everything Ben told me to. I told my new friend that I loved my body to be appreciated and that when my nipples are really excited we would both know about it. The next instruction came not from my earpiece but from across the table. It left me stunned with my mouth open.

"Go to the ladies and play with yourself through your panties. When they are wet take them off and bring them to me. Go."

"Do us you are told. You wanted adventure. Don't bottle it now."

All my experience of exhibitionism was with me being in control. Was I still in control or were one friend and one new acquaintance controlling me? I was buzzing, this was more exciting and scary than anything I had ever experienced. I was alive and loving it. He was great looking, but cocksure and really irritating. With this level of confidence was he hung? I had experienced and enjoyed good-sized men, but was his a 10-inch monster? I just had to go with it. There was only one toilet but no queue. I sat down and played with my pussy through the panties even sticking them a little into my bottom. There was a lovely feeling of wellbeing for some reason. I knew I did not need to do much to ensure the panties were soaked through. I slid them off and put them in my bag and returned to the table.

"Put them there on the table. Are they nice and wet?"

I looked around the caf before confirming that they were soaking. Was everyone looking at me or was nobody aware of my dilemma. I tried to make them look as small as possible as I put them next to his coffee. As I did this the waitress, a girl of about eighteen, arrived with my coffee. He reached out and spread the panties out on the table feeling the crotch with his finger. The moisture was obvious. The poor girl did not know where to look until he addressed her.

"I think my friend here was very aroused while wearing her panties. I bet she is very embarrassed now and I am sure just as aroused. Aren't you dear?"

I wanted to curl up in a ball and disappear. I wanted to slap him around the face and walk out. What I did do was say "yes sir, sorry sir." and dropped my eyes to the table.

"Oh don't worry I can make you more embarrassed and more aroused yet."

I could not believe my ears. The waitress visibly shook herself out of her daze and almost ran away from the table.

"You can drink your coffee and then return to the toilet. You will leave the door unlocked, strip what is left of you clothes and use your panties as a blindfold. You will turn away from the door, bend at the waist and hold onto the toilet."

I have no idea why he thought I would do as he instructed. I found myself drinking my hot coffee as quickly as possible. I felt hypnotized as I walked to the toilet. As I waited naked, bent at the waist with panties covering my nose and eyes I was so afraid someone else would open the door. When it did open I was for some reason sure it was him. He spread my legs wider apart and starting above my anus, with just one finger, he caressed down to and past my clit. I almost collapsed as he did this slowly and sensually a number of times. Why had I assumed he would be rough and aggressive with me?

"I am going to fuck you gently now. You will not orgasm unless I order you to. I will not allow it unless I am happy with your performance"

What did he mean, my performance? I had no idea. His prick was soon demanding access to my pussy finding just the right angle given my position.

He entered easily. I was disappointed as this suggested that he was not the 10-inch monster I had somehow been hoping for. It didn't matter, I was desperate to orgasm as I had now been so excited for so long,

"Well this is not the most erotic view I have of you being fucked."

I had completely forgotten Ben, but he had clearly not forgotten me. I wanted in some way to share what was going on with Ben but I could not talk to him and all he could see was a toilet seat. The fucking was just beautiful, firm, long, deep and unhurried. The need to cum was all encompassing but I knew I would not cum from this alone, I never had. I would need my clit played with or at least my nipples. It was as if I was being held in a state of near total arousal. Did I want it to ever end? What would happen if he came without doing more for me? I have never fucked quite like this, with no change of position, for this length of time. It was strangely like making love.

"You have been such a perfect fuck from the minute you walked into the caf. I don't usually allow a new partner to cum the first time, but I might make an exception for you."

My head spun. How dare he talk to me like this? I went to explode in response when he gently put his hand over my mouth.

"Do you want to cum or not? If you do, nod your head and say thank you for a lovely fuck and now please let me cum on your beautiful prick. If you don't I will just finish and say goodbye."

His cold calm manner surprised me. Yes I wanted to cum but I was so embarrassed to need to ask for my orgasm. Even through my confused state I realized it would be me who lost out if I did not do as he said. I nodded my head, thanked him for his beautiful prick giving me a lovely fuck and asked for permission to cum. I knew I needed something to trigger the orgasm. One last surprise.

"Permission granted"

No clit, no nipples just a brain fuck. No fuck, don't let this conceited bastard trigger my orgasm this way. I found myself almost fighting it. I had no chance as it just started in my head and raced down my body. My pussy was tightening and loosening around his cock. Nothing I could do about it even if I wanted to. Each squeeze of my pussy shook me to the core. Maybe a dozen may be two dozen. My body became calm, spent, relaxed. He did not stop as if he wanted to make sure I had completely finished. I had until he ran his finger down to bum and inserted his finger deep into me. Immediately by bum started to fuck his finger in the same way as my pussy had his prick.

"There's a good girl. You will cum again for me."

The bastard, I lost all control both physically and mentally. My fucking of his finger carried on and my pussy exploded again. Everything in my life was focused on his finger as I fucked it. It was too late when I realized I was not only having an orgasm but was peeing hard. I could not separate the two sensations. I fought to stop the peeing but was unable to until the orgasm subsided.

"That was not bad for a first time"

A dagger, straight to my dignity. Could I feel more humiliated? I had been so engrossed in my orgasms I had not been aware of him cumming or at what stage he had withdrawn from my pussy.

"Clean up before you leave. By the way give my best wishes to Ben the next time you see him."

BEN YOU BASTARD - degraded, controlled, embarrassed, humiliated and down right dirty. I knew I could never experience that level of excitement well not until he challenged me again.


Exhibitionist Has Fun In The Mall Ch. 02

She is controlled, humiliated, embarrassed and loves it.

That first time with Ben controlling me through the earpiece and seeing what I could see through the glasses was the best most sexual exhibitionist experience of my life. I exploded at him when we met later that day but had to admit that I had loved every minute of it. He smirked at me while telling me that John was desperate to meet me again but he had refused to give him my details. As pissed as I was with Ben I knew that if he didn't offer I would be begging him to give me another experience similar to the first.

It seemed obvious that I wanted to be able to talk to Ben as well as hear him and transmit what I was seeing. The technology was easy and we agreed that he would control me once again but this time with two way audio. We agreed that he would set things up for 7 days time.

It was the longest week I can remember. I kept replaying the previous week and seemed to spend the whole week wet and horny. Ben said we would meet in the morning so he could set the scene for me and also set up the tech. Ben and I are close friends. I had set him up with my friends in the past. We did not understand why we were not sexually attracted to each other but it did not seem to matter.

We agreed that the mall was again a good starting place for my next adventure. The fact that this time I was also going to be able to talk to Ben made me feel more in control. It had surprised me how the lack of control the last time had turned me on. As an exhibitionist I had always felt I was in charge now I was uncertain what I wanted. Ben would be in control of me but I would be in control of any other parties involved, or would I?

I sat where I had a week earlier watching the people sitting opposite me and those walking past. Ben and I held a conversation as I showed him what I was seeing. I was dressed in a short leather skirt with a rubber thong that covered little but felt sexy. My tight white tee shirt covered a rubber bra that finished just below my nipples. I had never been in public looking so sluttish but it was making me feel randy as well as vulnerable.

After a few minutes a gorgeous looking girl sat down exactly where the teenager had been the week before. She looked about 18 to 20 very pretty if a little lacking in confidence. Ben came to life in my ear telling me to try and attract her attention. I needed no persuasion but realized that I had to be careful not to frighten her off. I smiled at her and tried to maintain eye contact. She responded positively and even managed to look me up and down. Her eyes lit up as she realized that she could see my nipples very clearly. I shifted position to make sure they were very visible while also giving her a good view of my thong.

She was hooked and gaining in confidence as I tried to give her the best views possible without showing the whole of the mall. She was dressed in a pretty summer dress. It was low cut and short but looked girly and innocent while showing her great body off beautifully.

"She is lovely, maybe it is a day to show me some pussy. Make sure you don't lose her. She looks ready to appreciate a little bit of your unique style of exhibitionism."

"I will do my best. Let's see how she reacts to a full on up skirt. This thong is playing havoc with my clit but I think I can give her a view of a near naked pussy."

I looked around to ensure that I could expose myself to just my target and no one else. With the coast clear I made it quite clear with my eyes where she should be looking before opening my legs as far as I could with the tight skirt on.

"My goodness I don't know what she can see but she is totally loving it. Look she is even trying to show you what she has under her dress."

Much to my amazement the innocent looking beauty was trying to show me her panties. She was not very subtle as her legs opened wide and she hitched her dress up a few inches. Her white panties were stretched tight over her pussy and my only disappointment was that she was not wearing a thong as revealing as mine. It was lovely to see her panties that were completely in keeping with her almost virginal appearance.

I wanted to show her my appreciation of the view she offered. All I felt I could do was to tweak one of my nipples, which obliged by becoming erect and very visible to any passers by.

"That was lovely but I am not sure that even you could get her knickers off she is far too timid. I think you need to move on."

As I tried to hear what Ben was saying I saw the girls face drop as there was a lot of noise behind me. It was a females voice and as I tuned in she was saying.

"What the fuck are you doing Julie? Are you trying to show the whole Mall your pussy? Oh I see now you are trying to get this slut here interested in you. You need to be punished for being so wanton like that."

I don't know if it was being called a slut (with some justification) or the attack on my new friend but I was not going to ignore this attractive but rather masculine female. As I turned to confront her I saw she was with two other females who seemed to be hanging on her every word. It was too late to change my thinking.

"What's your problem? First I am not a slut and second you have no right to talk to this young lady like that."

"My problem is you are messing with, as you put it, this young lady who belongs to me. She does what I tell her to. She thinks what I tell her to think and she fucks who I tell her to fuck. I did not tell her to flash her panties at a slag like you. So why don't you take your big mouth and small panties and fuck off?"

I had to make the call whether to challenge this bully or back down and walk away. The girl was now either close to or actually crying. I had made her vulnerable and did not want to see her punished for that. Ben was goading me on to challenge, but it wasn't him in the firing line. I was given more time when I heard.

"Julie you will come with us now to the toilets. This behavior needs to be punished now. Now tell this slut here that you want to go with us so that she stops interfering."

"I need to go with them and be punished. You cannot understand but it is the way that it has to be."

"You have heard the girl, now are you still going to challenge me? If you are so stupid you can come and see her punishment and make sure she is looked after."

Ben told me I had to accept the offer and under no circumstances was I to walk away. The strange excitement of the situation was so great I could not walk away anyway. I had to see it through and maybe it could get even more exciting yet.

"You can call it stupid if you wish but I do want to ensure that Julie is looked after."

A worried looking Julie was lead into the toilet area. As the menacing group entered the toilet area the one lady washing her hands made her exit quickly. One of the two sidekicks watched the door while the other led Julie over to the middle of the room. Their leader (Bennie) took control of me steered me by the upper arm so that I was facing the nervous girl.

"Julie please take your dress and bra off and put them in the basin. I am being very lenient with you considering you were trying to show this slut your body out there. Now you will not only show her your body but you will masturbate for us. If you do a good job I will consider not giving you the spanking you earned. Slut, she is putting this show on for you so pay attention. There will be time for you to show us what little we cannot see already."

Ben told me to make sure that he got to see Julie's performance in full. She did not waste time stripping down so that she only had her white panties on. Her body was beautiful but immature for a 20 year old. There was not a sign of hair. She had just a trace of puppy fat around her waist and on her bottom. Her boobs were small and firm with immature nipples pointing upwards from their middle.

"You slut, have chosen to be here. You will not speak unless spoken to and you will not interfere. If Julie arouses you, you will be punished. If she fails to arouse you she will be punished. Now Julie pull your panties down to your knees and show us whether they are wet. I could not see if her panties were wet but her pussy did look puffy and red.

"I am sorry Mistress Bennie they are wet, I am very excited. Please don't make me orgasm in front of this stranger that would be too embarrassing."

There may have been an apology but it was pride and excitement that I heard in Julie's voice. Maybe this innocent looking girl actually liked being controlled by Bennie. She now used one hand on her left nipple and one hand on her pussy and clit. There was no great urgency but she soon found a rhythm that clearly excited her.

"Let's see if Slut here is enjoying your display. Stay still slut or I will personally spank you over my knee."

Standing beside me she ran her hand from my knee up until it reached my thong or more significantly the wet lips that had enveloped it. Much to my surprise her touch was gentle as it traced the line of the thong. My knees threatened to buckle as a wave of excitement coursed through me.

"My goodness slut you do have a problem down there don't you? Well Julie your new friend seems to enjoy watching you as much as she enjoyed flashing herself at you. I think you should go and show Julie your appreciation of her display. She does taste very good when she is aroused as she is now. Get over there on your knees and we shall see how well you do."

Bennie removed my tee shirt before pushing me towards Julie. The bra seemed tighter than usual and my nipples appeared to be presented as my boobs were pushed up and the rubber finished just below my erect nipples. Bennie's assistant had taken up a position behind Julie holding her. This enabled Julie to present her bald pussy to me as she was supported.

I had gone down on females before, only three times and never in a situation anything like this. Bennie was right that Julie did taste fresh with a hint of sweetness. She was very wet between her plump soft lips and responded to my mouth and tongue immediately.

"I am never envious of men but right now I would love to have a huge prick. I would stick it into your pussy, slut, and fuck you until you couldn't stand up. Julie sit up on the basin so that slut hear can lick you but also present her arse and pussy better."

I would have loved to receive a big cock at this time but was slightly concerned what she now had planned for me. Once bent at the waist and in position she told me to raise my arse and now lick not only Julie's pussy but also her newly available arse. This didn't appeal but I was not in a situation to argue.

"Go and give the slut some encouragement she seems to be flagging a bit."

As someone approached me from behind I waited to see or feel what I was going to be struck by. I was surprised when instead two hands were used to spread my cheeks uncomfortably wide apart before a firm tongue found the heart of my sphincter. It is strange how your mind works under stress but my first thought was that I knew my bottom was totally clean. The second thought was one of pleasure. The tongue did not caress but seemed to be seeking to get as far up my backside as possible. I tried to concentrate on Julie's ever more excited pussy. She was making cooing noises and was struggling for breath. In this position I was able to use my hands to pull her onto my mouth and she seemed to enjoy the increased pressure.

I am no stranger to having my arse licked but this was unusual in its method and unlike previously not accompanied by having my clit played with. I had to reluctantly accept to myself that my submissive situation, exhibitionism and oral pleasures were exciting me greatly. The words from Ben in my ear did shatter this reflectiveness.

"For god sake think of me. Lick her bottom more and her clit less. All I see when you suck her clit is her stomach. The view of her clit when you rim her is stunning."

"I am getting bored Julie you may cum. In fact you have got 30 seconds to cum. If you don't you will be punished later and not allowed to cum for at least a week."

I didn't think I changed what I was doing much, other than pissing Ben off by going more to her clit, but Julie now grabbed my head and within ten seconds was grinding herself hard against me in the throws of what felt like a devastating orgasm. I kept working on her until with a deep sigh she pulled me away from her messy pussy.

"I told you that going without for a month would make it very sweet when I finally let you cum. Was it good Julie?"

"It was fucking amazing. I thought I was going to have a heart attack it was so powerful. It was a very long frustrating wait though."

"Well slut what am I going to do with you. You need to be punished for flashing yourself at Julie. Maybe the best punishment would be to leave you here stewing in your own juices. The juices that are running out of your pussy. I might consider giving you some relief but you would have to earn it."

"I thought I might have earned it with what I did for Julie. How are you suggesting that I earn some relief?"

"Julie would you like to put in a good word for the slut? I might be lenient if you think she deserves it."

"She gave me the best licking I have ever received. Please be lenient."

"One day if you are really good I might treat you to receiving my tongue. Then you will know what it is like to be gone down on by an expert. For now I am minded to give the slut the benefit of the doubt. You have a chance slut. Walk out of here now or receive just six from your own belt to earn the right to orgasm."

Ben was in my ear before she finished talking. He said that I was to take the belt and the orgasm. His interjection was unnecessary, as I would have accepted a dozen rather than leave frustrated. Bennie seemed pleased with my answer. She had Julie kneel down on the floor and told me to get on her back like I was riding a horse. She then pushed me forward and told me to wrap my arms around Julie's neck. Instinctively I also wrapped my legs round her torso. This brought my clit in contact with her back and I found myself rubbing and tensing my thighs. Bennie laughed at this as she brought the belt down hard across the middle of my bottom. My scream was not for Ben's benefit but from sheer pain. Each strike was as painful as the first. The pain did nothing to reduce my arousal; in fact I wondered whether if the belting had carried on it would have brought me to orgasm. This was because I was humping Julie's back to maximize the stimulation to my clit.

Bennie laughed at the humping and said that I was boring her now. She said that a promise was a promise and with no warning stuck a thumb in my arse, her middle finger into my pussy and used her other fingers to rub my pussy and clit. This seemed to be purely functional in an attempt to make me climax. It worked spectacularly and a hard, violent orgasm raked my body until I was completely drained. Bennie seemed to find humor in this, as she had when embarrassing me earlier.

Within a minute I was lying on the floor by myself as the others had all left. On her way out Julie whispered a thank you into my ear. Ben's thank you was louder before I removed the earpiece and the glasses.



