Part 1

Chris would never forget the day he met Vin Tanner. It was an eventful day even by his standards, but everything else that had happened sort of paled by comparison when he thought about meeting Vin’s gaze across that street.

By the time they were walking down the street side by side, Chris was already sure he liked the quiet stranger who was so quick to step up when it was needed. The way Vin responded during the short talk with Mary after saving Nathan’s life just made him that much more certain, and by the time Buck asked if Vin was with him, Chris didn’t hesitate to say yes. He liked how Vin had followed him so unflinchingly into trouble and wanted Vin to stay right there at his shoulder where it felt like he belonged. Buck had done that once upon a time, but one too many fights over Chris’ suicidal tendencies had finally driven Buck away. Even a friendship forged in fire and blood could only take so much before it shattered.

Chris hadn’t really wanted anyone’s company in a long time, not even Buck, but Vin was different. Even that first day he somehow knew he could relax and be exactly who he was with Vin, and that Vin wasn’t going to judge him for it. Vin accepted whatever came with a calm equanimity Chris envied, and within a day or two he had realized that just having Vin around helped him find a little of that calmness in himself. A few words from Vin or even just looking into Vin’s eyes could distract him from his own worries and pain as thoroughly as anything ever had.

Chris knew he was getting in too deep when finding out there was a price on Vin’s head didn’t affect how much he liked him, but by then it was too late. Vin was fearless and had a sense of humor that meshed well with Chris’ own, and when he met Vin’s gaze in a fight he couldn’t help but grin, feeling everything but the rush of battle drain away. Vin’s blue eyes held everything he was thinking and feeling, if only Chris looked for it, and he found himself looking often to catch that glimpse into Vin’s soul.

It didn’t take him long after that to realize what it was about looking into Vin’s eyes that seemed so familiar, and when he did it shocked him right down to the core. For the first time since he lost his wife, Chris saw a chance at forever in a pair of changeable blue eyes that so often held amusement even in the worst situations.

The realization scared him into seeking out Buck, who was staying away from Vin more because he didn’t like Indians than because of anything Vin had done, but it didn’t take long for Chris to miss the quiet tracker. JD was well on his way to being drunk, and Chris was only trying to help when JD suddenly blew up at him, giving him a decent excuse to leave. He didn’t hesitate even a little before he headed off towards the main fire pit to go listen to Vin talk with two young Seminole braves that had befriended him. Chris couldn’t understand half of what they said because they kept lapsing into the Seminoles’ native language, but he liked seeing Vin laugh enough that he didn’t really mind.

Chris later thought that he probably should have lit out as soon as he realized how much he liked having Vin close to him, should have gotten as far as he could from the man who felt like an old friend even though they knew almost nothing about each other, but he didn’t. He found himself coaxing Vin to ignore his own problems for a while instead, and when he failed, he surprised himself as much as Vin when he promised to go with the tracker to deal with the bounty on his head when the time came.

Meeting Judge Travis when they stopped in Four Corners to get supplies and rest up a day before the trip was unexpected, and a little unwelcome as far as Chris was concerned. Getting drunk hadn’t helped -- had in fact resulted in him saying more than he meant Vin to know about his state of mind -- though Vin had thankfully taken it in stride just like he seemed to accept everything else thrown his way. They soon wound up in the middle of the Judge’s fight as much because they couldn’t turn their backs as because they wanted to be there.

That Vin stuck by Chris through it all and helped wherever he was needed, usually before Chris even realized he needed the help, cemented whatever was growing between them. It felt a little odd still to Chris to have someone he could count on to have his back, but nothing he did could make him forget how much he liked having Vin there by him. When the Judge asked them to stay after it was all over, Chris was very glad the Judge left him for last. If Vin had said no, he would have ridden out with him and not looked back.

Chris liked their new friends, and he was glad to be around Buck again even though they were still on shaky ground, but the other five men weren’t enough to make him stay. The friendships he had so recently forged – or reforged, in Buck’s case – couldn’t compare to whatever it was that drew him to Vin. Vin had agreed to stay though, so Chris hadn’t been forced to air his loyalties there in front of their friends.

It was surprisingly easy to settle in to the job as lawmen, and turned out to be a lot more fun than Chris had expected it to be. Before Chris realized what had happened, he and Vin were damned near inseparable, working side-by-side most every day trying to make something out of Four Corners. It was a rough job, but it gave them a good excuse to kick some ass on a daily basis and Vin seemed to enjoy that at least as much as Chris did. They both thrived on the rush of battle and the high after a victory, and Vin was always ready and willing to leap into a fight and watch his back.

Chris could soon be found most evenings sprawled in a chair on the boardwalk or in a saloon with Vin lounging nearby, and he couldn’t help but think life was good. It had been years since Chris felt so nearly content, and it didn’t escape him exactly what had changed. It had been easier than Chris deserved for he and Buck to fall back into a friendship almost as close as they had been before Sarah and Adam died, but it wasn’t Buck that Chris found himself looking for whenever he went through a door. There always seemed to be just one person his thoughts roamed to when he was idle, one pair of crinkly blue eyes that found their way into his thoughts and even his dreams entirely too often for his peace of mind.

Buck had known Chris nearly a dozen years and taken more shit from him than any sane man should, but it was Vin that Chris found himself wanting to be with most of the time. It was Vin that Chris wanted working beside him on the parcel of land he bought when he realized he wouldn’t be moving on, and it was Vin that Chris shared a fire with most evenings, talking about everything or nothing at all. Chris had never really been able to enjoy an evening of quiet relaxation with Buck, who felt compelled to fill the silence with gossip or raunchy stories, but Vin enjoyed a stretch of companionable silence as much as Chris did.

Chris had tried not to think about what it all added up to until one night in the shadows of his own cabin, not long after the outer walls and roof were finished for the second time. He was more than a little drunk, enough that he knew he’d wake with a killer headache, so he went to hang a blanket on the nails above the window to keep the sun out of his eyes the next morning. A glance out the window had found Vin standing near the porch shirtless and barefoot, his wet skin catching the moonlight and his long hair slicked back with water. Vin was so close to the window as he stood and watched the horses graze that Chris could see him shivering slightly in the cold night air. The thin buckskin pants Vin wore that night had clung to his damp skin in fascinating ways, and Chris just stood there staring until Vin finally turned and went to climb into that old wagon of his.

Chris was at the door reaching for the latch before he realized that he was hard and that he wanted very badly to go invite Vin into his bed, even if it was just a bedroll on the floor. The shock of that realization should have been enough to cool his arousal, but it wasn’t. He bit the inside of his lower lip bloody to stay quiet when he jerked off later, thinking about Vin no matter how determinedly he tried to think of a woman, and came so hard he passed out.

In the morning he tried to convince himself it had been a fluke, product of drinking too much and being alone with Vin too long while they worked together on his cabin, but a trip to visit a lady friend in Purgatorio didn’t help. He still kept catching himself watching Vin and wanting him more than Chris had wanted anyone in years, and wondering how Vin would react. He knew Vin had spent a lot of time with the Comanche and Kiowa, and he had heard the snide rumors that Indians didn’t have the same views about sex that white settlers did. He wasn’t sure exactly what they did think, though, and he wasn’t about to ask that kind of question of anyone, friend or not.

Still, it wasn’t long before he had talked himself into arranging to be in the bathhouse at the same time as Vin. Vin was already in the water when Chris stripped down, and he caught Vin watching him just as he finally made it into the water. There was nothing else to really do in the bathhouse if you wanted to linger for a long hot soak, something Vin usually did whenever he paid for a bath in the winter, so Chris convinced himself it didn’t mean anything until it happened again about a week later. That time Chris was first into the water and got to watch Vin strip, and the glimpses he caught of Vin looking at his body, looking down into the water to try to see more even, convinced him Vin was interested. He just had no clue what to do about it.

Chris began to make sure he bathed when Vin was around, hoping Vin would join him, and he was seldom disappointed. He had never looked at a man and wanted him before, but he soon found himself looking at Vin and idly fantasizing about exploring that lithe, muscular body of his. It was maddening to have Vin so close and yet untouchable, but the alternative – not having Vin so close – was simply unacceptable. Several times he convinced himself to say something to Vin, to take that chance and lay it all on the line, but every time something stopped him. Someone would walk in or Vin would say something that led into a different conversation, and another chance would be gone before he knew it.

It was nearly spring again before Chris realized what kept him from taking the lead and following up on one of those glances Vin snuck at him while he dried off after a bath. He didn’t just want to fuck Vin’s perfect little ass six ways from Sunday and have whatever was between them end with that. He wanted something he had promised himself never to need again, something he had almost convinced himself didn’t really exist. He knew what kind of hell was sure to rain down if anyone figured out what kind of feelings he was having for another man, but he couldn’t make himself care. The possibility of a bullet or a rope was nothing compared to everything Vin meant to him, and he finally admitted to himself that he wanted Vin at his side and in his bed until the day he died.

The fact he’d gone and fallen like a rock for another man never stopped being a surprise, but as time passed it stopped scaring him. After riding with Vin for so long, it just didn’t matter anymore that Vin was as male as he was. For the first time in his life he had someone who understood him – black moods and all – as no one else ever had, not even Sarah. It was a novel experience for Chris to feel attracted to somebody that was a better rider than he was, a better shot than he was with a rifle, and who had a taste for battle that surpassed his own. What kind of equipment Vin kept in his pants couldn’t affect how Chris felt when he saw Vin ride in after even just a day apart, or how his world seemed to brighten when he saw Vin laugh.

A few months after Chris had finally accepted just how deep his feelings ran, Vin’s sense of duty and taste for danger had led to Vin signing on to help the Marshal from Eagle Bend track down two brothers who had killed a man. The men had been on foot when Marshal Reed lost them in the hills just ten miles north of Four Corners, and Vin had ridden out with the Marshal expecting to be home in two days at the most. Chris was just starting to worry the evening of the third day when JD burst into the saloon to tell him Peso had just run through town with Vin unconscious in the saddle, and he was headed towards Chris’ place at a gallop. The ride to the cabin had never seemed so long, and Chris had feared the worst when he saw Peso waiting at the barn with Vin slumped forward on his neck.

Peso had been lathered with sweat and wild-eyed, attacking anyone who got near him at first, but eventually Chris and Pony managed to shoulder him into the barn. Chris had followed Peso inside while the others waited at the door, and he spent what seemed like ages coaxing and soothing the black gelding before Peso finally stood still to be touched, though he shook like a leaf the whole time.

Chris vividly recalled when he put his hand on Peso’s dark shoulder and it came away bloody, but his memories of what happened in the barn after that were just a blur of fear. Somehow he got Vin out of the saddle into his arms and then he remembered hearing Peso screaming in the barn and trying to tear down the door while Chris hurried into the cabin with Vin. Ezra told him later that it took most of an hour for Peso to give up trying to get to Vin, and that Josiah and JD had both been bitten and kicked a dozen times getting the gelding stalled and unsaddled for the night even though Peso was injured and more exhausted than Ezra had ever seen him.

Chris’ next truly clear recollection was sitting in a chair by his own bed, praying as he had never prayed in his life. He was only vaguely aware of their friends nearby, or of the coffee that kept appearing in his cup, because every fiber of his being was focused on watching to be sure Vin kept breathing. The bloody furrow in Vin’s hair and the paleness of his fevered skin as Vin twitched restlessly brought home just how close Vin had come to death, and the possibility had left Chris cold. He couldn’t face going through that, not again, and knew with utter clarity that he wouldn’t even try to learn to live alone again. Sometime after midnight he decided that if Vin didn’t make it he would give Pony to Billy Travis, and then he’d take Peso far out into the canyon country to set him free before he finally ate that bullet he’d considered so many times before. He couldn’t think of one reason to try and survive if Vin died, and figured that with his track record the world would be better off without him.

Nathan kept spooning herbal teas into Vin’s mouth every hour through the night, changing the poultice on Vin’s head wound each time, and the sky was just beginning to lighten outside when Vin’s fever finally broke. Nathan settled into his bedroll in the floor nearby then for some much-needed sleep, and soon Chris and Ezra were the only ones awake, still watching Vin and waiting. Vin’s eyes finally opened a few hours after the sun rose, and Chris was there leaning over him in an instant. The crooked smile Vin gave Chris made his eyes sting and burn as he gave Vin an answering smile, and Chris would have surely done something embarrassing if Ezra hadn’t moved so quickly to awaken Nathan.

Chris had let Nathan and Ezra shoo him back so Nathan could check Vin’s wound and get some more medicine and some beef broth down him. Chris was glad of the chance to get control of himself, but he didn’t leave the room or relax until Vin was finally sleeping peacefully. Nathan insisted that everyone get out then and let Vin sleep, and Chris soon found himself in the corral with Peso. He never did remember the walk out there, or getting dried apples from the pantry even though his duster’s pocket was crammed full. He fed every one of them to Peso while he groomed the mustang, brushing away all of the dried blood with patient care, and he was very glad the others were keeping their distance so they wouldn’t see the way his hands shook or hear the things he said to Peso.

The bullet in Peso’s shoulder and what would have happened to Vin if Peso wasn’t able to bring him home scared Chris, and by the time he had Peso settled into his stall for the night he had made a decision. The thought of Vin dying alone along some trail was more than enough to convince Chris that their friends would just have to take care of each other whenever Vin had cause to ride out on a tracking job. Chris wasn’t going to stay behind anymore, trusting in Vin’s fighting ability and Peso’s good sense to keep them both alive. Peso was a once-in-a-lifetime horse, smart and fast and canny enough to keep himself and his rider alive in even the worst situations, but the plain and simple fact was that he wasn’t bulletproof.

Chris finally realized that day with Peso that his priorities had changed, and that he needed to do something about it. Their friends and the town they had jerked up out of lawlessness by its bootstraps still meant a lot to Chris, as much as his spread even, but there was something more important to him than any of it. Sure, he would fight without hesitation to protect the land he and Vin had put so much blood and sweat into, just like he would risk his life to protect the town, but if it was all gone tomorrow life would go on. Their friends were much more important than any place could be, but he had lost good friends during the war and knew he could live without even his friends if he had to.

Without him noticing exactly when, Chris’ view of the world had shifted. He had always thought the most important things were his friends and his home, and it came as a shock to realize that his concept of ‘home’ had changed. It was no one location anymore, no town or piece of land with a room full of familiar things.

Home was anywhere Vin Tanner happened to be.

~*~*~*~

Vin had no clue what Chris had seen in him that first day, and if Chris had told him he likely wouldn’t have believed it.

When Vin first met the tall black-clad gunslinger’s eyes across the street, his immediate reaction surprised him right down to his toes. Vin hadn’t met many people he could count on in his life, but one look into Chris Larabee's eyes and Vin found himself thinking that there was a man he wanted to ride the river with. He was agreeing to go along with whatever Chris had in mind before he knew it, long before either of them said a word. A closer meeting didn’t shake the urge to stand by Chris, and in fact made his certainty in Chris grow even stronger despite how little they said to each other. His instincts told him to follow that man through fire if he had to, and that it’d be worth every second of the danger the gunfighter was sure to find.

Vin tried to resist the urge to follow Chris into another fight minutes after they saved Nathan’s life together, wary of such an unfamiliar impulse when he had problems of his own that needed dealt with. Vin had been his own boss since he was just a boy, and by the time he was grown had learned where and how he wanted to live better than most at that age. He usually spent much of his time alone or with a few people, far from towns and settlers when he could manage it, but he had never been good at fighting his instincts. Something down deep told him to stick by Chris and follow wherever Chris might decide to lead him, even if that meant staying in a town that had already begun wearing on his nerves.

When Chris instead headed away from town into a fight to help out a band of Seminoles, it surely didn’t help Vin fight the urge to follow him. Vin had a lot of respect for anyone who’d protect those who couldn’t protect themselves, and Chris was risking his neck for a band of Seminoles and half-breeds that reminded Vin of his own childhood family, or one of them at least. He knew what it was like to live in such a desolate place, just trying to stay alive and together and live their lives without the constant persecution so many settlers turned on the tribes out of fear. As a boy he had roamed between several bands very similar, always forced to move on because some settler had spotted him and wanted to 'save him' from the 'red savages'. His red hair and blue eyes marked him as white even after the red darkened into brown as he got older, and settlers always seemed to panic when they saw a white child with a Kiowa tribe, going near insane if he was with the Comanche or Apache. Nobody ever listened to him when he said he wanted to be with the tribes, so he learned to make sure the settlers saw him run as soon as he had been spotted. If he didn't, people he cared about always wound up getting shot by those settlers who were 'rescuing' him.

The fight in the Seminole village wasn’t with settlers, though, it was with a band of renegade Confederates who refused to admit the war was long over. As someone who had worn the grey and fought loyally for the Confederacy even though he hadn’t agreed with slavery, the idea of prolonging the war held no appeal for Vin. If a Union major had offered him the recruiting package Major Beau Rutledge did – his own brand new Sharps rifle, all he could eat, and ten dollars a month and found – Vin would have probably fought for the Union, but he was still very sure he would have been disgusted with both sides by the time Lee rode into Appomattox.

By the end of the war Vin had been more than happy to burn his uniforms and head back west to go Comanche again and forget his time as a sharpshooter and scout. He had seen a lot in the war that made him wish for the lonesome deserts of his childhood, and had followed orders to kill quite a few men that he was sure hadn’t deserved to die. That any Rebel responded to the end of the war by wanting to fight on struck him as utter stupidity. There was nothing good or right about war as far as Vin was concerned, and he wanted no part of anything like it ever again, but that didn’t mean that he was willing to stand by while someone tried to bring that war to a tribe that had harmed no one.

Still, even though he wanted to fight for the Seminoles and help them against Anderson, Vin’s growing need for Chris’ company worried him. He felt like he’d be smarter to just clear out and never look back, but he seemed to find reasons not to every time he tried. Vin had thought it might make him have to ride on when he told Chris there was a hefty price on his head, hoped it even because he had realized that he was going to need something major to help him ride away. It had stunned him when Chris didn’t hesitate to take his word that he wasn’t guilty, despite the fact he admitted freely to Chris that he couldn’t prove it. Chris had just looked into Vin’s eyes and accepted his word, and then the conversation had drifted easily towards other things.

It mystified Vin to have someone show such unwavering faith in him, and for so little reason. Chris knew almost nothing about him and seldom asked questions, but he obviously felt he knew Vin well enough to trust Vin's word. It made his loyalty to Chris even stronger than it had already been, but it made him even more anxious to get away, too. He tried several times to make himself move on the day after that night on the ridge near the Seminole village, but the more time he spent near Chris the less he really wanted to fight the urge to stay. It felt right to stand at Chris’ shoulder and face whatever came, and he wanted to keep that feeling.

The ride back to town after the battle was won gave Vin too much time to think though, and by the time he found Chris in the saloon he had convinced himself to ride away. He figured Chris would back down from the idea of riding out with him and was ready to accept it when Chris distracted him by talking about wanting whiskey and a bed and more whiskey. The ideas that gave Vin distracted him enough he hardly knew what was happening before Chris had agreed to ride to Tascosa with him.

Riding out the next morning got put on hold because of the storm and then because of the trouble with the judge and that rancher, and then it seemed like things just piled one on top of the other. By the time the Judge offered them a job as lawmen a couple days later, Vin had stopped trying to tell himself he’d stay ‘just one more day’ and accepted that he didn’t really want to ride out alone. He took the job, sure that Chris wouldn’t be able to walk away from a town that needed them so badly, and he was right.

Vin relaxed a bit more around Chris after that and soon spent hours at a time in his company for no better reason than he wanted to, made easier by the fact Chris seemed to like having him around. Vin’s quiet ways and tendency to keep things to himself didn’t affect Chris’ trust, despite Buck’s vocal doubts about Vin’s motives, and Vin slowly began to let himself rely on Chris’ friendship. They had a similar tendency not to speak unless they had something worth saying, and a streak of dark humor running wide through them that could scare people who didn’t know how to handle it. They fell into an easy rapport that made them closer than Vin had ever been to another person.

Vin knew that meeting Chris had changed something in him almost from that first day, but it took more than a few comments from Buck for him to realize that Chris was changing as well. Buck had known Chris for years and he was often shocked that Vin knew some tidbit of Chris’ past that Chris refused to talk even to Buck about. Buck was usually annoyed by the way Chris trusted Vin, but it puzzled him too, and sometimes Vin got the feeling it hurt Buck more than a little. Buck had taken more abuse from Chris than any other man alive, sacrificed more for Chris’ sake than was smart, and yet it was Vin that Chris turned to when he needed a friend more often than not. Sometimes it amazed Vin that Buck could stand to look at him at all, but they eventually became friends anyway, if not as close as Vin might have liked them to be.

It was easier for the rest of the Seven to accept the unwavering friendship between Vin and Chris, not having known either of them before Chris and Vin met, but that didn’t mean that they never wondered about it. JD often asked the others, especially Buck, how it was that Vin and Chris could say more with a look than JD could explain in half an hour, but Buck never really had an answer for him. Vin had heard Josiah try to explain their friendship to JD only once, telling JD that Chris and Vin had a connection that was deeper than most men ever found and JD should just accept it as part of them because something like that didn’t change. Josiah had gone on to say it was a precious thing and that JD would be luckier than most if he ever found such a connection himself, but Josiah hadn’t been willing to say any more when Nathan had butted in to ask Josiah exactly what he meant.

Ezra sometimes gave Vin a knowing look early in their friendship that made him wonder what Ezra truly thought about his friendship with Chris, but eventually Ezra relaxed enough to reveal he was amused by it, not condemning. Ezra’s attitude about the situation drew Vin and Ezra closer, and it wasn’t long before Vin counted himself lucky that Ezra considered him a friend. Vin hadn’t had many close friends since he left the Comanche tribe he lived with after the war, and none like Ezra. The gambler was a very private man who trusted almost no one and seldom let even those he claimed as his friends get close to him, but for some reason he let Vin past the walls that kept everyone else at a distance. Vin soon considered Ezra his best friend other than Chris, who meant more to Vin than any friend by then, and he was more than a little proud that Ezra seemed to feel the same way.

Ezra was the first to teasingly accuse Vin and Chris of reading each other’s minds, but it soon became a running joke among the people who knew them best. Vin always just laughed about it, even though he knew the jokes weren’t too far off from the truth. He and Chris communicated effortlessly with glances and tiny flickers of expression a lot of people never even noticed, so they could easily have a meaningful conversation in less than ten words. It wasn’t something Vin had ever experienced before he met Chris, even with the few close friends he’d had, but he reveled in it. They said the important things and the rest passed between them as easy as breathing without even Vin understanding just how it was Chris had come to know him so well. It made his friendship with Chris feel that much closer even though they often spoke less than a dozen words to each other for hours, sometimes even days at a time. They didn’t really need to.

Because of Chris, Vin was happy to be tied down to a job as a lawman, and he had more friends than he’d ever had at once before. There were six men – and he did count JD as a man, despite how green he still was about some things – that would fight next to him and risk their lives if he asked them to, and Vin was careful not to take advantage of that trust. Sure, maybe they were all fighting for things Vin had never thought he’d get mixed up in, but as time went on he realized the benefits of what they were doing were pretty nice. Knowing Chris had made him into a better man, and Vin liked what he was becoming.

It took Vin a long time to realize that somewhere along the line his feelings for Chris had gotten deeper than any he'd ever had before, but he had no intention to say anything about it even after he was aware of it. Vin grew up an orphaned part-Kiowa kid that had learned all kinds of things living between two races, including the fact that his taste in bedfellows wasn’t even remotely accepted among settlers. Vin’s fondly recalled teenage years of chasing buffalo and usually winding up in the furs of some young warrior had to be a far cry from anything that might have happened to Chris. Chris didn't talk much about his past, but Vin knew he had grown up in a different world, youngest of five and the only one to be cursed with a wild streak a mile wide that just didn't fit in with a devoutly Irish Catholic family of Illinois farmers.

It didn’t take five minutes for Vin to decide exactly how to handle his feelings once he realized what they were. Vin was no stranger to the things men could do together, but he was pretty sure that Chris had never done any of it, or even wanted to. Chris loved women and treated even the cheapest whore like a fine lady as long as she was with him, and Vin was sure he didn’t have a snowball’s chance in hell of competing with that. He knew how much Chris enjoyed his trips to whatever brothel was nearby when Chris got the urge to blow off some steam, and wasn’t even jealous when Chris would quietly slip away to visit whatever lady had caught his eye at the moment.

Vin didn’t begrudge Chris any happiness he could find, no matter who it was with, and was content as long as he could be near him and watch Chris’ back. It took Vin a long time to really adjust to what he had, but he finally had done so and he wouldn't have changed Chris if he could, beyond the obvious thing. He figured that as long as he could keep his mouth shut he’d be able to spend his time with the man he cared about more than he’d ever cared for anyone in his life, and that had to be better than risking everything. He wanted more when he let himself think about it, but he’d never felt so strongly about anyone before and he was sure he could live without the rest as long as he could be near Chris.

Vin knew he could live without sex for the simple reason he already had for a good long while by then. He had decided years ago that he wasn’t going to risk his neck for half an hour in some stranger’s bedroll. There was just no way in hell it could possibly be worth the consequences, which he had the unfortunate luck to see up close and personal when he was a teenager. Because of that choice he was pretty much celibate, and he had been since before he left the Comanche tribe he lived with just after the war. It had been so long since Vin was with a man that he didn’t really mind celibacy anymore and got by just fine with his hands and a vivid imagination, except for the rare occasions he got dragged to a brothel by a friend who was trying to ‘help’. He didn’t like whorehouses and he did his best to avoid them, but he had paid for a whore more than once when he didn’t have any other choice.

The idea of being with a woman didn’t excite Vin, but he did enjoy being touched and the sex was usually as good as when he took care of things himself, though seldom any better than that. Whores always seemed to think it endearing that Vin was so ‘shy’ with them, and he had encouraged that belief even though his slow response to them definitely wasn’t because he was embarrassed. He wasn’t about to explain to anyone that he’d never met a woman who could get him in the mood without touching him, especially not a whore he’d likely never see again. Once they got their hands on him he didn’t have any problem reacting like he was supposed to, so he could get by well enough when he got backed into a corner and had to. He didn’t like it enough to seek it out, but he could think of worse ways to spend half an hour.