[This story is a work of fiction, as are all of my stories unless stated otherwise. No part of this story shall be reproduced....blah blah blah. This story contains words associated with racism, but is in no way meant to promote or state actual racism. If you like what you have read, PLEASE....leave me a message, preferably with a reply email.]

(c) 2008 M Saint



My name is Mitch, first let me say. I want to tell you about my girl.

Alyssa Was a black girl I met in college. She wasn't thin, but didn't have really any fat on her. She was built fine, and I mean fine. Long black hair, brown eyes, light complexion. She had just the right ass for me. Not small, and not too big. I am as white as they come. So you might ask yourself why she wanted me. To tell you the truth, I'm not big down there. I'm a chubby guy. I Was a virgin even until we met.

Alyssa is into All sorts of things. Music, art, and poetry. She can sing well and her poems are so beautifully written. She doesn't really draw or paint, but she studies them on occasion.

I'm sorry, I should get to the reason why I'm telling you this. She is an insatiable lover. Let me tell you. We were having sex the other night. It's usually candles, music, and a drink or two....but not then. She wanted me. She wanted me so bad I can feel the intensity of lust and desire filling the room.

"Fuck me right now you mother fucker! Get over here and suck my clit!" And I did.

I walked over to her, parted the lips to her pink and juicy pussy, and I sucked on it gently, all while pushing two fingers in her wet hole. She wiggled and moaned and rubbed her clit while I sucked on it. She kept herself shaved clean, so I could lick on the outer lips too without worry. She was so tasty. I laid on my back, and pulled her on top of me. She wiggled to fit. Turning around she grabbed my dick, and stuffed it inside her mouth. The heat and wetness of her mouth and lips drove me wild and I was ready to cum. I licked her harder.

"Oh, God make me cum baby. Make me cum. Lick it harder." She cooed. " Oh yeah! Stick your fingers in me. Push them inside my hot pussy baby!"

"you want it baby? Suck me harder you dirty slut. Make me shoot my cum in your mouth."

I didn't cum just yet. I literally tossed her onto her back, parted her legs and pushed my rock hard cock inside her. I was filled with so much energy, I thrust hard, but not too fast. Her tits were bouncing up and down.

"Talk dirty to me!" She begged. "Call me a nasty whore!"

I spilled out every word I could think of. She was on fire.

"You cock sucking bitch! I'm gonna fuck that dripping cunt of yours with my dick, you nasty whore!"

My cock was thrusting harder into her sex hole, and my body slapped against hers making her bounce hard. She moaned, and cried out in pleasure.

"Mmmmm, fuck me harder bitch! Fuck me!! Oh GOD! Fuck me. Ooooohh.....Oh yeah baby. Cum in my pussy!"

Her tone changed and she became more aggressive and full of lust.

"I want a baby. Cum in my pussy. I want a baby.

Her right hand was rubbing her clit while I beat her cunt red. Her juices came flowing out like a waterfall. I reached down and rubbed it, then licked my fingers to taste the salty sweet cum she had ejaculated from her hole. It drove me insane.

"That's it baby. Cum for me. Cum for Mommy. Cum for me Baby."

I came an intense load inside her fuck-hole, squeezing out every last drop as she squeezed to fill more inside her. I pulled out and kissed her deeply on her soft lips. 

"I love you baby."

"I love you too."

We collapsed side by side onto our bed and fell asleep. Since then, our sex has become hotter, and we try new things. Our love is perfect.