Patrick is solid, Pete knows that somehow. He's never been really sure of anything before, not sure of himself or the people he knows or the things that were happening, not sure if the images he's seeing are real or just fragments of dreams and nightmares that stick around even when he's awake. Even the band and its success has a shimmery haze about it in his mind. Not like Pete seriously thinks he's imagined it all, like someday he'll wake up, still in high school, head propped up on one hand so he can pretend he's paying attention. No, it's more like a general sense of unreality. What if they're all just words on a page somewhere and someone invented Pete because they needed a crazy comic relief character to get the plot going? Mostly the internal consistency of his world is good enough for Pete. But sometimes he wonders, he really does.

But Patrick is just there. No one could invent Patrick, Pete thinks, with his stupid hats and his stupid genius and his stupid, stupid, wonderful voice. When Patrick sings, his voice cuts through the mist that surrounds Pete, grounds him just enough that he can let his mind soar, let his words fly, and still feel safe. Patrick is the most solid thing he's ever known.

He loves that feeling, of course, and loves Patrick. Has loved him since that first meeting, when he saw Patrick in that stupid sweater and asked, incredulously, "are you for real?" and then realized, suddenly, that he was.

That doesn't mean it doesn't occasionally drive him fucking crazy, though, doesn't mean he doesn't sometimes resent the way Patrick never has to slide into himself from the four quarters of the wind, the way Patrick just seems to know and live and be, all his focus turned over to the music. But he reminds himself that he's lucky Patrick is who he is, lucky that Patrick's there. Usually that's enough.

Today it isn't. Pete's been feeling even more lost than ever, like suddenly Patrick's solidity is out of place in Pete's unreal world. He wants to spin Patrick into mist and light and shadows, wants to breathe him in and feel like they're one instead of two, like they're the same instead of so fucking different.

"I have plans for you," he says, interrupting Patrick's feeble attempt to find something to watch on hotel cable. Patrick rolls his eyes but flicks off the tv.

"Yes, yes, okay, you have ways of making me talk, I get that," he says. Pete can't help but smile and he feels his stomach settle the tiniest bit.

He gets Patrick naked and ties him to the headboard of the bed with the sleeves of two hoodies – not the most romantic thing he could think of, but they're what he's got, and he likes the idea that something of his can keep Patrick from floating away. Patrick bites his lip at first, but doesn't protest; he just holds his other wrist up to the post calmly. All that does is make Pete a little irritated at Patrick's calm, make him knot the damn things even more tightly. He wants to be able to fluster Patrick, wants him to come undone the way Pete always does when they're together.

When he's done, Pete straddles Patrick's legs, sits back on his heels, and just looks for a long moment. There's a faint flush spreading over Patrick's chest and neck, and he can't meet Pete's gaze, staring resolutely at a spot just over Pete's left shoulder.

"Pete," says Patrick hoarsely, at last. Pete smiles.

He leans in and runs his fingers gently over the pale swell of Patrick's belly, drawing illegible words and foreign symbols into his skin, tracing the lines of tattoos he'd happily brand into Patrick's skin if it were his to mark. He's only a little frustrated that his control doesn't extend that far – what he's got is good. His fingertips are calloused from guitar strings, he knows, and he carefully keeps his touch light, teasing. Pete touches everywhere, over Patrick's chest and hips, down over his thighs and knees and down to his feet; he ends up crouching at the foot of the bed, gazing up at Patrick's cock through his eyelashes as he sweeps his fingers over the curve of Patrick's calves. Now Patrick's gasping, trying to hold himself still under the sensory onslaught and failing miserably. Pete pulls himself towards the head of the bed, settling their bodies together, and sets his mouth next to Patrick's ear.

"Let go," he breathes. Patrick bucks up underneath him, his wrists pulling against the restraints. The flush is stronger now, moving up to tint Patrick's cheeks and down to shade into the hollows of his hips.

"Fuck, Pete," he says. "Please."

Pete grins, his tension bleeding away a little bit more. He slides down Patrick's body, dropping a line of open-mouthed kisses to Patrick's neck and shoulders. His hands curl around Patrick's biceps and he slides his tongue, long and slow, along Patrick's collarbone, getting an equally long and slow shudder for his trouble.

He keeps it up for a while, teasing Patrick with his lips and tongue. He writes his name a hundred times over Patrick's body, the "o" in Kingston curling around a nipple or the "z" in Wentz darting lightning-quick over Patrick's hipbones. Patrick's writhing under Pete's touch now, twisting his arms against the bonds and his legs against the rough texture of Pete's jeans. He's moaning, too, letting slip half-finished words in that voice that has captivated Pete for the last couple of years.

"Pete, I need," he says.

But this is what Pete needs. This - Patrick's head thrown back and his hat fallen off against the pillows, his skin sweaty and translucent in the yellow light of the hotel lamps, his hands clenching desperately at the headboard like he's afraid to let go. Pete wants them both to need each other like this. He wants it to be not just himself who needs with such intensity.

He kneels, licks his way up the inside of Patrick's thigh, brushes the tips of his hair over Patrick's cock.

"I'd fuck you," he whispers, "put a little piece of myself in you, if I thought it would change things."

Pete doesn't mean for Patrick to hear it, really, but maybe by now he should know better than that.

"Moron," Patrick grunts. "It's already there. It already has." Pete twitches and ends up eye to eye (so to speak) with Patrick's cock. He laughs and suddenly it's like the lights coming back on after a power outage. Things are flickering, but they're there. He's got something to work with again.

"Yeah," he says, and takes Patrick in his mouth. He loves this, Patrick's hot, smooth skin sliding between his lips, the salt-bitter taste coating his tongue. Pete takes Patrick in as far as he can, does a practiced maneuver with his tongue, and then Patrick comes apart beneath him, thrusting hard into Pete's mouth as he comes. It's everything Pete's been waiting for and the sensation of the hot fluid spilling into his mouth, Patrick's cock bumping his throat, brings him over the edge a moment later.

When Pete comes down a moment later he rubs Patrick's thigh reassuringly, bringing him down again before he pulls off. It takes him a minute of working out the cramps in his legs before he can unfold himself enough to untie Patrick, rubbing Patrick's wrists carefully to restore circulation.

"You ass," says Patrick hoarsely, but he leans into Pete's touch. "Of course – how can you not – " He makes a frustrated sound.

"No, I get it," says Pete, not wanting to make Patrick struggle with the words. "I just needed – I get it, okay?"

Patrick looks him in the eye for a long moment. "Good. Now take off your fucking clothes. You're giving me jeans burn."

Pete smiles and presses his face against Patrick's throat. He feels heavy himself now, and it takes a little effort to pull off his pants and shirt. He settles against the solid curve of Patrick's side, pulls the covers over them, and slips gently into sleep.