Tina's Daring Nude Hike Continues
by LuckyDave1066

She forces herself to hike miles while nude in public!

Standing in the middle of the trail halfway through her 4-mile hike, Tina took a minute to revel in having been brave enough to go through with her risky self-imposed challenge; she was just about as exposed as a person could be, and despite a few flashes of terror, loving it! Socks and shoes at her feet, a hat, and sunglasses on her head were her only concessions to practicality. She made no concessions at all to modesty, being completely uncovered from her ears down to her ankles. She was enjoying being utterly exposed too much to have any regrets.

After ten minutes or so of celebration, she began to think about just how committed to the most demanding option in her challenge she was, and began to worry that locking her clothing up might have added a bit too much risk to her outing.

Knowing that she had eliminated any safer options, she decided it was time to get started on her journey back to her car and the all-important padlock key. With every piece of her clothing locked up in the backpack and the backpack securely chained to a tree, all she had to carry back to the parking lot was her car's keyfob.

Tina unzipped the small front pocket on the pack where she'd stored the padlocks and chain and reached inside, but found nothing at all there. "The keyfob! Where did I put it? If it's in the main compartment with my clothes...oh, no, please don't let me have done that!" she wailed. She began to feel light-headed, trying to think of some way she could get out of this mess. With the least awful option she could imagine starting off with finding a rock big enough to smash one of her car's windows, she set off along the trail in the same direction as before, jogging slowly.

Luckily, before she'd jogged more than 100 yards she remembered one last possible place where the keyfob might be hiding and turned back towards the tree her pack was chained to. "You idiot!" she yelled as she felt the keyfob at the bottom of a small pocket on the side of the pack, and laughed hysterically for a minute before resuming her trek.

The section of the trail she was jogging along wound through a more open section of the forest; between the extra effort she put out by jogging and the sun heating up the trail, Tina began to sweat. She was glistening with a light coat of perspiration when she passed the 2 1/2 mile marker, not bothering to stop. About 200 yards further along the trail she came upon the first significant obstacle she'd encountered; a rocky ridge, not so steep as to block a reasonably fit person, but steep enough to make a hiker scramble, using hands as well as feet to get up it. She clambered up carefully, but placed a foot wrong when she had almost reached the top of the outcrop. She managed to catch herself before slipping very far, but got a few scrapes in the process.

"I can imagine explaining the scratches on my shin as being the result of a collision with an open filing cabinet drawer," she thought, "but I don't know how I'll explain the scrapes on my boobs to Darren!" She put that particular problem out of her mind for the time being, made it to the top of the stone, and started jogging again.

Her jog actually began to be pleasant when a short distance beyond the rocky section the trail leveled out and passed through a shadier area. Tina was relieved to pass by the 3 mile and 3 1/2 mile markers in good time and without incident. Just beyond the 3 1/2 mile marker, the trail got rocky again, this time sloping down about 20 feet. She stepped down cautiously, using her right hand to steady herself.

About halfway down the slope, she placed a foot on what turned out to be a loose rock. She didn't slip more than a couple of feet, but landed and slid down on her unprotected ass. She had no way to look at the tender spot, but investigating by placing her hand there confirmed that the rough stone had drawn a little blood.

"Yet another inexplicable scrape," she thought glumly. Focused on her latest minor injury, she didn't notice an elderly man walking his dog approaching her until the dog barked.

"Are you alright?" the man asked, now no more than 10 or 12 feet away.

"Ah, yeah, it's just a little scrape," Tina answered, "I'll clean it up when I get home."

"I mean, are you in danger or running away from someone?"

"Oh, no, nothing like that, just kind of doing a dare. Thanks for asking, I can see how this must look."

"Well, yes; seeing a very attractive young woman, naked, bruised, bleeding, and running, I jumped to a conclusion." the silver-haired man said.

"I can see how it might look like something worse than me being a little foolish," Tina replied, "Thanks for checking to see if I needed help!" She enjoyed his description of her, as well as the way he was studying her now that he knew that her nudity was voluntary.

"Well, be careful," he called out as she started to jog away.

"I will, thanks!" she shouted over her shoulder, but was thinking, "Dude, I left careful behind a couple of miles back!"

As far past the 3 1/2 mile marker as she was, Tina expected to be seeing the trail ending at the parking lot any minute now; she could hear the sounds of cars on the gravel parking lot and was sure the lot was just around the next bend. She was right about the parking lot being visible once she rounded one last bend, but there was a fairly long straight shot between the final bend and the parking lot, at least 150 yards long. By itself the long straight run didn't bother Tina; she actually liked the idea that a hiker at either end of the straight could watch her coming or going for quite a while.

The problem was the connection to some other trail about halfway between her position and the parking lot. Since Tina had left her clothing behind near the halfway point of the trail she'd passed only a handful of fellow hikers. The time spent mostly on her own had coincided with the time she was completely naked. The steady stream of people pouring out onto her trail would mean she'd be walking in a tightly packed crowd for at least a couple hundred feet, completely nude!

As she looked down the trail from behind the shelter of a large pine tree, Tina thought about her original goals for this adventure. She began to see the presence of so many other hikers as a good thing, not a problem at all, really more of an opportunity!

"More people seeing me totally nude, up close? Check," she said.

"Being seen naked longer than I have been? Check.

"Having conversations with strangers while I'm naked?" I don't expect they'll all just keep quiet, there's bound to be at least a few people with questions. Check!

Tina's nervousness didn't go away as she began walking down the straightaway; if anything it grew. Her legs felt a little shaky and her heartbeat soared when she came within 20 yards of the intersection, but she pressed on. She paused when she noticed a few of the crowd noticing her, and stopping to stare. "Oh, God, I'm causing a hiker traffic jam!" she thought as the crowd backed up behind the first few hikers who'd stopped and turned to watch her approach.

She wasn't sure if she continued walking and merged with the slow-moving clot of hikers in spite of all the attention she was now receiving or because of it, but the end result was the same. She was now part of a large, densely packed group slowly making its way toward the parking lot. As she expected, her fellow hikers were full of questions, including a few rude ones, but mostly the people around her were justifiably curious.

"Why are you doing this?"

"Not sure myself," she replied, "but probably just because it's so freaking exciting!"

"Where are your clothes?"

"Sorry, nothing personal, but I'm keeping that a secret. I need to be sure they'll still be there when I get back."

"Have you done this kind of thing before?"

"Kind of, but never with this many people around!"

"Will you marry me?"

"Sorry, I'm taken," Tina said, laughing and pointing at her engagement ring.

"Are you crazy?"

"Possibly, but I swear I'm not dangerous."

Again, from a different person, "Why are you doing this?"

"Why aren't you? Don't knock it until you've tried it!"

Packing in tight as they tried to talk with her, Tina felt a few incidental contacts with her fellow hikers, bumping shoulders, arms, or hips as they walked side by side on the narrow trail. She couldn't help smiling, thinking how the clothing these strangers had on was the only fabric she'd felt since she'd put her tap pants into her backpack a couple of miles ago. A shiver ran down her spine when she remembered that she wouldn't be in touch with clothing again until she made it back to her backpack.

A more intense shiver coursed through Tina when someone behind her made contact with her in a way clearly not accidental; she blushed as she felt a stranger's hand brush against her ass two or three times, and felt an even stronger jolt when whoever's hand it was gave her left butt cheek a firm squeeze. When the stranger's hand moved on to the right side of her ass Tina finally reacted, reaching behind her and grabbing the uninvited hand. She turned around to face her groper, hissing, "Stop it!" to the fit young woman whose hand she still had a hold on. Tina was surprised to see who had been fondling her butt and immediately let go of the tall blonde woman's hand.

The woman seemed genuinely embarrassed, blushing and apologizing, "I'm sorry, I couldn't resist."

"Okay, let's just forget about it!" Tina answered, flustered by how much she'd enjoyed having another woman groping her. She was relieved to finally have reached the parking lot and went straight to her car.

She had never been so happy to see her little Corolla; she unlocked it and hopped in, forgetting until she sat down how hot the seats tended to get on a sunny day. She lifted herself up off the seat and started it up, just to get the A/C going. She stayed in her running car for a few minutes, partly to cool off and partly to let the crowd she'd fallen in with finish milling around and begin to disperse.

While she sat in her car enjoying the cool air, Tina had a wild urge to just forget going back for her clothes and drive home as she was; she probably would have done so if the backpack hadn't had sentimental value for Darren, having been a gift from a now-deceased uncle.

She also knew that arriving home hours before sunset could be a problem if Darren still had his project's supplies blocking both sides of the garage. If she couldn't get into the garage she'd be forced to get out of her car out in the driveway, in full view of at least a dozen neighboring properties. Even though she knew doing something so outrageous would be a social disaster, she couldn't stop smiling as she imagined various neighbors she and Darren hadn't even met yet watching her get out of her car and walk into the garage stark naked!

When most of the crowd had driven away Tina picked up the padlock key and emerged from her car, treating a few stragglers still hanging around in the parking lot to a good look at her as she set out to follow her original route back to where she'd stashed her clothes. The foot traffic on the trail was lighter than it had been earlier; she only crossed paths with two people before reaching the 1/2 mile mark.

Just barely beyond the 1/2 mile mark Tina was amazed to see the same group of college kids she'd chatted with earlier, taking yet another break. She guessed the coolers and folding chairs they were toting were slowing them down, or possibly their leisurely pace was a result of what was in the coolers. The students greeted her, with one young man shouting, "Hey, cool, the topless chick is back!"

"Dude, are you blind, can't you see she's not wearing anything at all this time?" one of the women laughed.

" I stand corrected," the man said," Welcome back, hot naked chick!"

"Thanks!" Tina replied, "nice to see all of you." She was pleased that her complete nudity had been acknowledged, and a little excited to have "hot" added to her nickname by the sort-of cute college guy..

"Nice to see all of you, too!' he replied with a leer.

"Never mind him, would you like a beer?" another man asked.

"Man, I would LOVE a beer right now, but what I should have is some water, if you can spare any," she answered.

"Have both!" he replied, holding up two bottles, one brown glass, and one clear plastic, "Less for us to carry!"

Tina hadn't realized how parched she was; she chugged down the water and took off her baseball cap to be able to hold the icy beer bottle to her forehead for a minute. She sat on one of the coolers and sipped her beer while chatting with the group.

The girl who'd said she wished she was brave enough to go topless when they met earlier spoke up, complaining in a joking tone of voice, "How can I get my nerve up to do what you're doing when you keep upping the ante?"

"What's your name?" Tina asked.

"Andrea"

"To be honest, Andrea, I was terrified when I took my bra off in front of you all earlier, but it was something I really wanted to do, so I made myself do it. Do you still want to take off your top?"

"Who did you take off your panties in front of?" Andrea asked nervously, avoiding Tina's question.

"I was all by myself at the time, so it was easier; not easy, mind you, but easier. Definitely easier than it would be for you to take off your bikini bottoms here in front of your friends today."

"I didn't even say I'd take off my top and you're talking about me taking off my bottoms?" Andrea whined.

"You didn't say you don't want to take your top off; in fact, you said earlier that you wished you had the nerve to go topless. My guess is you've wanted to do something like that for a long time, and seeing me today brought your desire to show your body off to the surface. In my case, all it took to inspire me to try something like this was having a good friend tell me about her experience getting naked and being seen. Before long I found myself naked in a convenience store in front of a handful of guys, total strangers.

In my limited experience, the feeling you get from stripping half-naked in front of a bunch of people makes it hard to resist going all the way. It definitely worked that way with me - flashing my bare boobs in a fast food joint warmed me up for getting completely naked at the store less than half an hour later, which is why I expect you'll be peeling those cute bottoms down before too long," Tina replied calmly, "whether it happens today or some other time soon, after you go topless today in front of your friends here, it's bound to happen!"

"Take off my top? Today? I couldn't, I mean, I don't see how..."Andrea said, almost whispering.

"Sure you can. Stand up."

She wasn't sure why, but Andrea got to her feet.

"Your top, being a bandeau, will make this real easy," Tina assured Andrea.

"Make WHAT real easy, exactly?" Andrea asked nervously.

"You know what, sweetie -- taking off your top."

"I never said I was going to do that!" Andrea protested.

"You pretty much did, two times; first when you stood up, and again a few seconds ago when you started shaking. Why would you be so nervous if you're not about to take it off? Look, why don't you try holding one arm tight to the front of your top, so it's held in place." Tina suggested. "Yes, that's right," she said when Andrea haltingly complied.

Andrea's shaking was increasing, but she didn't see the harm in using her left forearm to cover her tightly wrapped boobs; doing so brought her no closer to showing any more skin, let alone actually taking her top off. "But why do I keep getting more and more nervous?"

"Great, you're doing really great Andrea," Tina said quietly, "Now, do you think you can reach around to your back and unhook the strap?"

"Oh, no, no, I don't think so. Without shoulder straps, if I unhook the strap at my back my top would fall right off!" Andrea whispered.

"Your top can't fall off if your arm is holding it in place; all that you'll be uncovering is a little bit of your lovely back and maybe a tiny area at the sides of your rib cage. If you don't like the way it feels you can hook the strap back up, no harm done."

Andrea wasn't worried about not liking the way having her top practically falling off would feel; her fear was that she'd like it all too well and be tempted to give in to the urge she'd been feeling most of the afternoon, starting when she watched Tina take off her bra.

"Still, I've been able to keep myself decent so far, and she's right, popping the hooks won't necessarily mean showing anything too shameful," she thought, letting her curiosity about how it would feel to be almost but not quite topless overrule the warning signs she was passing some sort of invisible line -- her faster heartbeat, wobbly legs, and clammy hands were all trying to tell her something, but she wasn't listening.

As Andrea reached for the center of her top's strap Tina led a round of cheering and applause from Andrea's friends, who had kept almost silent as Tina coaxed their friend closer and closer to being topless in front of them. Now they watched in awe as their usually modest friend's stunning chest was on the brink of being exposed; this development inspired them to make a little noise, nothing too rowdy, just compliments and encouragement...

"Beautiful!"

"Gorgeous!"

"Awesome!"

"Way to go, Andi!"

"Your friends are really enjoying your show," Tina said.

"They just want to see my boobs," Andrea grumbled.

"And why wouldn't they? Even with your top on, anyone can tell they're beautiful. Luckily for your friends, you probably want to show your boobs to them as much as they want to see them! Am I right?"

Andrea said nothing, but looked around at her friends, all staring and wondering what she would do next. She smiled, stepped into the middle of the group, then closed her eyes and began to sway. The group resumed their low key cheering:

"So Hot!"

"Go for it!"

"You can do it!"

Andrea kept her left arm pressed against her boobs; it was the only thing keeping her top from falling away, and she didn't want to lose her top. "Not yet," she whispered, acknowledging for the first time that she DID want it off, and soon! She loosened her left arm just enough for her right hand to slip between her right boob and her top.

Taking advantage of the privacy provided by her left hand, her right hand pinched and caressed her right nipple. Her attention to her nipple, the knowledge that she was flirting with openly masturbating only a few feet from her friends, and worst of all, the fact that she couldn't seem to make herself stop, all combined to make her moan loud enough for her friends to be aware of her thoroughly aroused state.

When her mischievous right hand reached her left nipple, a hush fell over her audience as her top's right cup slipped down, leaving her right breast covered only by her slender right forearm. Her right hand began subjecting her left nipple to the same sweet torture her right nipple had been enjoying. Andrea let her left arm relax completely, finally releasing the little bit of her top still covering anything.

The sight of her top falling to the ground was greeted by a sort of collective sigh as the entire group stared at Andrea, who stood before them with her hands on her hips, proudly wearing nothing but her sparkly gold bikini bottoms. Now that she had given up any effort to hide them, Andrea's large, firm breasts were fully on display, her nipples still erect.

Tina hung back until the scrum of Andrea's friends hugging her and congratulating her for being so daring broke up, then stepped up to offer her own praise. "I knew you could do it, well done Andrea!" Tina said, "Or are you not done yet?"

I honestly don't know; you weren't kidding about it being addictive, I've never felt anything like that before. For a second there I was really, really close to getting my bikini bottoms off. Not sure about today, but I'm sure I'll go there sometime soon!"

Tina said goodbye to the group for the second time that afternoon; she accepted a sort of going away present -- a plastic grocery bag with another beer and another bottle of water. She began jogging along the trail, eager to get back to her backpack and her clothes. With noticeably fewer hikers now on the trail Tina made it to the 2 mile marker and her backpack in less than 15 minutes.

She unlocked the padlock keeping the pack chained to the tree and put the lock and chain back in the backpack's small front pocket. On the verge of unlocking the remaining padlock, she paused and sat down on the trunk of a fallen tree with the backpack on her lap.

Tina looked at the padlock holding the pack's main compartment tightly closed and smiled. "You can't stop me now, you stupid little hunk of brass! I've got the key now, so I can unlock you and get my clothes back on any time I want to!" But she couldn't help asking herself, "DO I want to?" The answer was a resounding "NO! At least not yet."

She decided to take a break to celebrate having completed every challenge she had given herself and opened the bottle of beer the gang of college kids had given her. Sitting next to the quiet trail, she decided that while getting dressed had to happen, it didn't need to happen just yet. She was in no hurry to end her naked journey, and knowing she now had the option to put her clothes back on somehow made keeping them in the backpack for a while easier.

By the time she had emptied the bottle she'd decided that putting her clothes back on could wait until she was done hiking back to her car. She wasn't sure whether she should get dressed while still in the relative seclusion provided by the vegetation along the trail or walk out in the parking lot to her car, still in the nude, and do a sort of reverse striptease in front of whoever was in the parking lot when she got there.

"So many options..." she said to herself.
