Teen Girl Pantsing / Stripping Pranks & Games 




 Name:Saturn
Subject:French punk's distress
Message:I posted this a couple of years ago on Kwong's Mean Pranks With 
Bondage Dreambook. It seems suitable for this dreambook too. 

It was something I witnessed a number of years ago, back in the original 
'punk' era of the early 1980s in London, at the time they were picking up 
on fetish wear as fashion. There were regular sights of some cracking 
looking girls, particularly along the Kings Road or around Carnaby Street, 
often in microskirts, suspenders and fishnet stockings. Handcuffs were a 
common fashion accessory. 

It was a warm summer day and a group of 5 punks (3 men, 2 girls) were 
walking slowly in the small streets between Soho and Carnaby Street. From 
their conversation they seemed to be French - often the most flamboyant 
punks in London were tourists. The guys were in the usual leather 
trousers, leather jackets, t-shirts, spiky hair etc. and both girls were 
in leather jackets, luridly striped t-shirts, leather microskirts, 
fishnets, suspenders and high-heeled ankle boots. One girl's skirt was 
very short, hem clear of the tops of her red fishnet stockings, but the 
other was the real knockout. She was attractive, with black hair and the 
usual punk makeup of the time, pale face with dark eyeshadow. Her skirt 
hem hardly came down below her bum and it left a good amount of pale thigh 
above the tops of her black fishnets. It was also slit at the sides, so 
front and back were virtually flaps. I caught glimpses of her bum cheeks 
as she walked. 

They were also playing about with a pair of handcuffs. At one point, one 
of the guys handcuffed himself to the knockout girl and they walked along, 
wrists joined. Then he unlocked the cuff on his wrist, grabbed her other 
wrist and handcuffed her, hands in front. She didn't seem to mind, but 
remonstrated with him after a couple of minutes, held out her wrists to 
him, and he unlocked one of the cuffs. Then he spun her round, grabbed her 
free wrist again and re-cuffed her, hands behind her back. Seeing this 
knockout girl in public bondage was already arousing! The guy got a 
mouthful of French protest and he just laughed. 

They stopped to look in a shop window and the guy with the knockout girl 
pulled her into a doorway and proceeded to snog her. It looked like he had 
one hand up inside her t-shirt (she looked like she wasn't wearing a bra) 
but I couldn't watch too closely. There wasn't much she could have done to 
protect herself from being groped, but she didn't look like she wanted any 
protection anyway. Then there was a sudden squeal of woe. I looked back 
and she was struggling and pleading in the doorway and the guy had her 
black knickers halfway down her legs! 

It took him a few more seconds to get her knickers down over her boots and 
he stepped back out into the street waving his trophy. Her knickers didn't 
look very substantial, but evidently meant a lot to her. She remained in 
the doorway, legs pressed together, trying to hold the hem of her skirt 
down with her cuffed hands. The others laughed, and they all started to 
walk off. The knockout girl remained in the doorway, calling after them 
and pleading, but to no effect. She had no choice, and holding her skirt 
as best she could, she emerged and ran after them. She had no way to hold 
down her skirt at the front, but from my angle her pussy seemed to remain 
just about covered (unfortunately). 

They waved her knickers at her and continued to tease her, passing the 
knickers from one to another. A couple of times they reached for the front 
of her skirt and she stepped back out of their reach, bending forward to 
try to keep her pussy covered, but giving a great view of her bare bottom 
from behind. Then the other girl was holding her knickers just as they were 
by a postbox. She held the knickers in the slot of the postbox, threatening 
to drop them inside, while knockout girl pleaded to have them back. The 
guys were yelling something and the girl laughed, and dropped the knickers 
into the postbox! 

Knockout girl looked and sounded devastated. Her knickers were lost 
altogether! The others continued to tease her and grab at her skirt and 
she continued to flash plenty of bare bum and brief glimpses of dark pubic 
hair as twisted out of their reach. This carried on until they reached 
Carnaby Street, where they met and greeted some friends and now knockout 
girl was firmly grabbed by the two guys, and held while the other girl 
lifted and held up the front of her skirt to display their victim's 
knickerless state. More wails of woe, more pleas, more laughter from her 
friends. Knockout girl was trying to lift one of her legs to hide her 
pussy and one of the guys was do his best to stop her. Their friends all 
got a good look and lucky bystanders had plenty more glimpses. 

It had been easy for me to walk casually along the same street in the same 
direction without being too obvious, but I couldn't keep following them. I 
did see them again about half an hour later and knockout girl still had 
her wrists cuffed behind her and she still seemed to walking very 
carefully, so I assume they hadn't bought her more knickers. The rest of 
her day in London must have been quite an experience for her, in a skirt 
as short as that and no knickers, even if they released her cuffs, which 
they seemed in no hurry to do. Her bare bum and pussy MUST have been seen 
by many people in the street and she would have known it and have been 
able to do very little about it! 




 Name:Joe
E-mail address:howudoindoindoin@yahoo.com
Subject:Sometimes Girls Really Do Go Wild
Message:Special thanks to IO, Dandeman, and Alex for maintaining their 
respective message/posting boards. I have been a silent reader on this 
board for a couple years, and I will share with you, my first story. It's 
a true story of what I witnessed this evening at a house party. I'm 
male,from New York, Italian, and almost finished with college(but don’t 
worry, this story is only about girls stripping/ being stripped.) Names 
have been changed to keep identities secret. 

As soon as I arrived at the party my eyes shot to the two tanned brunette 
beauties observing the beer pong table. They were both about 5`4 with 
medium/long brown hair and curvy in all the right places. After I met most 
of the people at the party, my friend introduced them to me as Nicole and 
Stacy. Nicole’s boyfriend was hosting the party, and Stacy was her 
sorority sister. Nicole was wearing a dangerously low cut halter top with 
light blue terry cloth sweat pants, and Stacy was wearing a sexy brown 
mini-skirt, and tank top. After some brief chat I said hello to everyone 
else at the party and just chilled and enjoyed a few beers. I was just 
playing some basketball when I heard a bit of noise come from the 
trampoline. I looked over to see Nicole and Stacy jumping together. 
Nicole’s boyfriend was standing around outside the ring and laughing along 
with them. The scene had some potential to be very sexy, but I didn’t want 
to disrespect the boyfriend or seem like I was staring, so I just played 
it cool and continued to take some shots. 

After another five minutes I peeked back at the trampoline and saw that 
Nicole and Stacey were play wrestling. Nicole’s boyfriend caught me 
staring and I thought that was going to be the end the fun on the 
trampoline, but surprisingly he just waved me over… Stacy, clearly was not 
dressed for this type of activity, and I could see a look in Nicole’s eye 
that said she wanted to take advantage of her friends disposition. As they 
rolled around on the trampoline, Nicole was straddling Stacey and hooking 
her feet around Stacy’s calves. Whenever Stacy was on top, Nicole tried to 
spread Stacey’s thighs and make her skirt ride up, but Stacy acted like 
she didn’t notice the effect of Nicole’s moves. It was apparent to all of 
us observing that Nicole was up to something. We were all being treated to 
subtle peaks at the bikini cut polka dot sheer knickers of Stacy. Stacy was 
beginning to realize that she was becoming the center of attention, and 
after she realized its source, seemed to feed off the attention. In an 
attempt to give a slight thrill to everyone observing, she began to 
playfully tug at Nicole’s low cut shirt and treated everyone to a peek at 
Nicole’s sexy white bra. Nicole quickly rolled onto her back, but this 
time she not only caused Stacy’s skirt to ride up, but snaked her hands 
under the back of Stacy’s shirt. She expertly unclasped Stacy’s bra, and 
began to tug at it. Stacy rather ineffectively tried to re-clasp it, but 
soon just let Nicole take it off. Though Stacy made an attempt to keep her 
bra, to our surprise she seemed to let Nicole take it with relatively 
little resistance, which gave Nicole a hint of a green light to escalate 
the situation. 

A wicked grin appeared on Nicole’s face, and during some further rolling 
around on the trampoline she undid the button of Stacy’s skirt. Stacy was 
startled when she felt her skirt loosen and quickly shot her hands to grab 
at it before it descended any further down her thigh. Once Nicole realized 
that Stacy’s hands were occupied, Nicole started to playfully pull at 
Stacy’s tank top, and we all realized that we could all soon possibly have 
a peek at Stacy’s braless chest. Stacy’s entire back was exposed, and her 
shirt was just about to reach the midpoint of her breasts when Stacy 
swiftly pulled out of Nicole’s reach. She rearranged her top, and after 
giving us a good look at her knickers, re-buttoned her skirt. 

Usually this is the point where things end, however, the night soon became 
one I could never forget. Once Stacy finished readjusting her clothing, 
she took a look around the trampoline and saw that she and Nicole had the 
undivided attention of about 5 guys. Instead of retreating into the house, 
she surprisingly started to wrestle with Nicole again. It was then that it 
was blatantly apparent that they were turned on by the attention. As soon 
as they started wrestling, Stacy’s skirt was at her waist, and Nicole had 
again undone Stacy’s skirt button. The wrestling had developed into a tug 
of war over Stacy’s skirt. Stacy was using both hands to maintain her 
modestly, but Nicole was relentless, and copped playful feels at Stacy’s 
giggling braless breasts, until the skirt was at Stacy’s ankles and off. 
It was then that I learned Stacy’s knickers were not only bikini cut, but 
were string bikini knickers. Luckily for Stacy, Nicole did not immediately 
notice. 

Figuring that Nicole wouldn’t push things any further with her knickers, 
and cross the line of nudity, Stacy grabbed at Nicole’s loose fitting 
sweatpants, and they were soon at her ankles and off, exposing her lace 
boyshorts. All of our jaws dropped as we realized that we were witnessing 
two gorgeous tan coeds dressed in only knickers below the waist wrestling 
on top of each other. The girls had our undivided attention, and it caused 
them to take things to the next level…. After whispering to each other, 
they began to kiss- nothing sloppy and disgusting, but just small 
seductive kisses on the lips with a little hint of tongue. They were 
smiling and laughing, even sort of bucking on each other, but after about 
30 seconds Stacy stood up and began to look around the trampoline for her 
clothes. Nicole was just on her back, when she noticed the strings on 
Stacy’s bikini. Just when we though the show was over, as if rehearsed, 
Stacy, reached her foot up, and grabbed the string of Stacy’s knickers with 
her toes and pulled hard and fast. As if being exposed to a sudden rush of 
cold air, Stacy squealed, and we were all treated to a view of Stacy’s 
waxed pubic area and slit, and half of her ass as the string was pulled 
downward. We were all beside ourselves when we saw what happed, but were 
too scared to say anything to ruin the moment. Needless to say, this bit 
of exposure was more than Stacy could have ever expected, and she was 
truly embarrassed and blushing. As Stacy went to re-tie her knickers, 
Nicole reached for the strings of the other side, and before Stacy had a 
chance to react, her knickers separated in two, and she was caught like a 
deer in headlights. We were all given an entire show of Stacy’s secrets 
for a moment until Nicole felt she had gone far enough and helped Stacy 
reassemble her clothes and give her one last passionate kiss. 

This was a night and event I could never forget. I could go on and 
exaggerate the story into some sort of lesbian fantasy, but this is 
actually a true story, and this is where it ended. We got a good look at 
Stacy’s charms and Nicole’s underwear, but that was as far as it went, 
their shirts stayed on for the most part. 


I have been reading the straight and lesbian stripping stories on most of 
the boards I can find, and I enjoy them very much. It’s nice to be able to 
finally give something back. I never really responded to any author’s 
writing because I was a little embarrassed, so I just wanted to give a nod 
to SNOWMAN, McSkyy, Jessica, Erica (and those involved with her stories), 
Richard Hertz, Blzr, Ginabee, Carrie, Mercie, Christena, Gina, Ginabee, 
Mercie, Hooked6, American Cowboy, TheSparkZone(literotica.com), and. 
Sabinetas (literotica.com). I really enjoyed your work over the years. 
Also a thanks to all the posters on the oneclickchicks and netsexiest 
boards. 





Thursday, June 9th 2005 - 02:14:28 AM

 Name:web
Subject:School fight
Message:Once when I was in the 7th grade there was this girl I didn't 
really like. She was an annoying b*tch about everything, a loud mouth, and 
I just generally didn’t like her at all. So one time in art class I was 
trying to annoy her. We both got into it making rude comment to each other 
and I wound up going up to her and dumping paint all over her. The teacher 
thought it was an accident so she told her to go to the front office and 
get a replacement pair of school clothes. I thought I had gotten the best 
of her. I was wrong. 

The following day in the classroom closet she came up from behind me and 
gave me the worst wedgie I ever received. She yanked my knickers about 3/4 
of the way up my back trying to pull them over my head but they wound up 
tearing off me before she got them that far. I turned around and slapped 
her with all my might and we wound up getting into a full on fight right 
there in the closet. I was wearing a skirt that day and as we tangled she 
grabbed my hair, and shirt, and eventually my skirt. She ripped it right 
off of me leaving me bare ass naked from the waist down punching and 
wrestling her right in the classroom closet. 

Of course the teacher and student in class heard it and ran into see what 
the heck was going on. Kicking and screaming I got dragged out of there 
bottomless! Everyone saw me ½ naked! We both wouldn’t quit trying to kill 
each other so the teacher and a bunch of students had to hold us back from 
each other with me naked from my stomach down the whole time! I saw some 
kids wide-eyed and laughing at the situation. It was completely 
humiliating and the talk of the school from that point on. We both got 
suspended for a week too. 

Becky 





Name:Melanie
E-mail address:melanie.kay@ntlworld.com
Subject:The Nude Girl Who Turned Bright Red
Message:This happened in a life class I attended a few years ago. It was 
quite a large class and every week about 15 to 20 students would arrive. 
One of our regular models was a slim and very attractive brunette named 
Claire who attended the local sixth form college. (For those outside the 
UK these are attended by children aged 16 to 19). Claire had a really 
gorgeous figure whichever way you looked at her and all we women went 
green with envy every time we saw her standing naked on the podium. 

We used to do a few ten-minute poses before getting down to the one main 
pose which lasted for an hour or so, with breaks of course. The instructor 
told Claire to take up her first position standing with both hands on her 
right hip and twisting around to the right. A few minutes later three 
young lads came in to join the class; it is not uncommon for a few 
students to arrive late so no one took much notice. 

All the easels had been taken up so they had to sit on the floor right in 
front of Claire. She didn’t see them, of course, as she had her head 
turned to the right. We all went on drawing and the young lads were 
quietly muttering to one another and smiling. I had never seen them before 
and I thought that, as It was the first time they had attended the class, 
they were a bit embarrassed at seeing a naked young girl in front of them. 
It happens! 

At the end of the ten minutes the instructor said “Thank you Claire”. This 
was his usual way of saying “Relax - we have finished that pose.” 

Claire took her hands off her hip and relaxed, turning her head to the 
front. Then she looked down and saw the three young lads in front of her. 
I later discovered that they were members of her class in the sixth form 
college! She went bright red and started to giggle putting her hand up to 
her face. There was nothing she could do, of course, except just stand 
there looking totally humiliated and knowing that she had nearly another 
two hours to go. For every pose afterwards she had a sort of embarrassed 
smile on her face. 

During the coffee break in the cafe I noticed that they all sat together 
laughing and joking. They seemed very nice lads but I expect the jokes 
were at Claire’s expense. I just wondered whether this was not the first 
time the boys had seen Claire nude. I also wondered how embarrassed poor 
Claire would feel in college the next day as the drawings were passed 
around for the other students to see. 

The parting shot from one of the lads to his naked fellow student was, 
“See you tomorrow, Claire. Hope I can recognise you with your clothes on.” 


Sunday, May 8th 2005 - 04:37:52 PM

Name:Slinky
E-mail address:smart_yet_luvable@yahoo.com
Subject:Memories
Message:I remember several times when I was in middle school and high 
school when some of my friends lost some of their clothes. One time my 
best friend Gail got stripped down just for fun. She was showing off her 
multi-layered frosty blue eyeshadow and hot new dress, and our friends 
Beth and Nikki got annoyed and whispered to each other and giggled while 
Gail was bragging and showing off, and she didn't even notice, and Nikki 
went around behind her and grabbed her arms and Beth said, "Yeah, that's a 
sexy dress, I wanna try it on!" 
Gail was speechless as they both held her arms and legs while they pulled 
it off of her. Gail didn't fight back too much, I guess she didn't want 
that expensive dress to get torn. They got it off her and threw it in the 
corner and laughed and said "Just kidding!" Now poor Gail was down to 
these light blue knickers and bra. She really looked cute. 
Beth said something like "Gail, you really shouldn't brag, it's not very 
ladylike, so I think we better teach you a lesson!" Then they giggled and 
dragged her over and threw her on the bed. 
I said "Hey, I've got an idea!" We were at my house and I had just gotten 
this art kit and it had all these brightly colored markers in it, and I 
went and got it and put it on the bed next to Gail. "Let's decorate her!" 
I said! 
Gail didn't say anything as we wrote stuff==aw crap, it's dinner time, 
gotta go. 

Wednesday, May 4th 2005 - 07:48:56 PM

 Name:ravegirl
Subject:Cruel Stepmom
Message:hi, it's been a while. ok here's a real nasty one for you.. 

It was around 9th grade and I was still living with my step Mom, who is an 
alcoholic, and VERY strict and mean to me. I was already in hot water with 
her for getting detention at school for cutting class. One night me, Mom 
and my step brother went out to dinner and while at the table I forgot to 
say thank you for something I was served. When the waitress walked away I 
was warned very sternly about my manners. The waitress came back and gave 
us our meals and I said thank you but when we were eating I drank all my 
soda and accidentally let out a burp. My brother laughed and my mother 
barked out, "That is quite enough!". When the waitress came back I said 
"Can I get a refill?" and as she walked away I got the sternest looks from 
her as I realized I hadn’t said “please” again. Well my mom got up grabbed 
me and said you wont forget this and spanked me across the butt...right 
there in the restaurant! Then she dragged me to the kitchen and made me 
apologize to the waitress for having no manners. I apologized but 
purposely said it in a way that wasn’t sincere just to spite her. She made 
me do it again and I still refused to say it sincerely. 

After, when we got home I got dragged to my room by my ear and pulled over 
her lap. She started to spank me but I resisted so she held me down and 
said she was now going to pull down my jeans and spank me on my bare butt 
for being rude. The door was wide open and my step brother was standing 
right there watching the whole thing. I cried out that it wasn’t fair to 
force my pants off right in front of him but she didn’t care at all. As a 
matter of fact she said she wanted him to watch what happens to bad kids 
with no manners. I begged and fought so much that she eventually order him 
to help hold me down while she tried to get my jeans down. She even asked 
him to help pull them down and he did! With my jeans undone she held me 
down as he grabbed the waist and wrestled them down past my ass to my 
knees. Once he had them down you could see that I was wearing a thong 
which my Mom was totally against and didn’t even know I wore. She spanked 
my butt very hard right in front of my brother till I cried. Then she made 
me stand up and take my thong off and hand it to her. It was so 
humiliating being right in front of my brother totally bottomless and 
crying. I tried to cover my front but she would not let me. Then to add to 
my humiliation I was made to stand in the corner with nothing but my top 
on, and my brother still there watching, while she searched every inch of 
my room for thongs or anything else unacceptable. Every time she came 
across a pair of thong underwear in my drawer she’d reach over and swat my 
butt once or twice. 

Then the most humiliating thing happened. She found a vibrator (oops) I 
had hidden in the bottom of my sock drawer. It was a gag gift one of my 
friends had given me a long time ago and I had only played with it a 
couple times but it looked otherwise to her. She was outraged at me having 
some thing like this and waved it in my face screaming at me calling me a 
little tramp and a slut. Roughly she pulled me back over her lap pulling 
my thighs apart. Still screaming at me she pushed the vibrator right up my 
pussy then turned it on! She held it in and cruelly spanked me across both 
cheeks harder than ever before as I cried and kicked to get free. I 
struggled so much she ordered my brother to hold my ankles down while she 
held me in place. I could not get up and my step brother was down low at 
my ankles looking up right between my legs! From his angle I am sure he 
saw everything as my step mom held my cheeks apart spanking me making sure 
the vibrator stayed deep inside me. I looked back to see him with an evil 
smirk on his face loving every minute of my humiliation. I cried and 
protested so much my step mother balled up a few thongs and shoved them in 
my mouth to muffle me. As horrible as it was the buzzing of the vibrator 
against my clit as she tanned my cheeks soon became to much to bear. I 
felt a wave of warmth and wetness come over me and I felt the vibrator 
loosen and slide around in my juices. In between the stinging slaps across 
my raw red buttocks I felt the first orgasm hit me hard. My body tensed up 
as I grunted into my muffled gagged mouth. My step mother paid no mind and 
kept up with the vicious spanking till another one hit me again. Crying 
and broken I just lay there limp as she continued with the spanking for 
another few minutes till I think she was just plain warn out from spanking 
me. She finally let me up and I ran into the bathroom holding my privates 
in front and back and hid in there for hours crying and a shamed. 

A few days later I ran away from home and eventually made it to my 
Uncle’s. I told him how mean my step Mom was (but didn’t tell him the full 
details) and shortly after he let me move in and took care of me. He never 
let my step mom near me again. 

Tuesday, April 26th 2005 - 02:33:26 PM


 Name:web
Subject:school girl diary excerpts 
Message:.. one time in the hallway after shop class I was wearing a pink 
thong and this pair of baggy pants with a waist that was a little big. 
When I bent down to tie my shoe and a guy came up behind me, pulled the 
back of my thong out (giving me a mean ole wedgie) then cut the elastic in 
back with scissors and with a snap whipped it right out of my pants from 
behind… and speaking of “behind” (lol) oh what a surprising feeling that 
was as he yanked it out (ehem!). Right in front of everyone he threw it on 
the ground and yelled “Get a belt!” Everybody was laughing. 

Later that day after school we all were over my friend Stacy’s house 
acting silly and horny wired on too much sugar and caffeine as usual when 
one of our friends, Shandra (who’s 1/2 black and asian or something like 
that, and everyone considers to be a world class cutie), got into a tickle 
fight with another one of my friends Lacie (who has oversized boobs that 
we’re all jealous of) out in the living room. She was wearing white sweat 
pants and a matching white top. She kept pulling Lacie’s shirt up running 
her hands up inside and Lacie was totally freaking out cause she is really 
ticklish. Seeing an opportunity to jump in I tackle Shandra from behind 
taking her down on the couch so now it’s 2 against one. We were all 
grinding against each other and I was getting all hot (blush) so being 
bi-curious and all I saw a great opportunity to try to see more of 
Shandra’s hot bod. So I am like, “Let’s strip Shandra!!” and I start 
pulling at her sweats. Her sweats had slipped down on one side showing the 
top of her butt and her shirt was up showing her cute tan little waist and 
belly button so I thought it would be easy. But instead of getting the 
upper hand Shandra wiggles her little butt outta the pile and grabs my 
pants leg and start pulling. Since I was pinned under Stacie’s immense 
boobs (lolh!) my baggies start coming off real quick, and I am like, “Noo 
Shandra I got no knickers!” (since that guys had cut them off of me at 
school earlier, perv) but saying that only makes her laugh and pull 
harder. Next thing I am desperately trying to keep my pants from getting 
pulled down! Oh my god they were down past my hips with more than ½ my 
bare butt showing and my pubes and all. I couldn’t stop laughing long 
enough to seriously fight back. Shandra was like totally on a mission to 
pull my pants down but luckily I got free before they got pulled down too 
much further. Thank god or everyone would have seen how hot in the crotch 
(double blush!) I was really getting. 

Well since Shandra was so bold as to try to totally pull my pants down I 
though it perfectly fair now to declare open season on her. Acting like I 
was all shocked and embarrassed I was like “Shandra! I can’t believe to 
were trying to pull my pants off! Now I’m going to get yours!” So she 
takes off running but gets nowhere before I have her and best of all 
everyone else is like, “Yeah get Shandra” so it’s 3 against one now with 
Shandra really having no chance to escape her payback. So my friends are 
holding her arms and as she struggling screaming I pull her sweat strings 
trying to get her sweats loosened up. She tried to sit down and roll over 
and kick free but it was no use. She was laughing & pleading hysterically, 
“noo! noo!” as I tugged and yanked her pants and thong down till I got 
them to about mid thigh. I was like, “You just tried to do it to me so now 
take your medicine!” as I got them to her knees. I mean she was bare butt 
naked being tortured and abused by us and there was nothing she could do 
to stop it. OMG it was the best, at least for me. I was so wet and hot I 
was afraid it would soak through the outside of my baggies! We pulled her 
shirt up and they held her like that kicking and screaming as I got to 
tickle her all over mercilessly. No matter how much she twisted and kicked 
we would not let her up. We had her on her back and her stomach smacking 
her hot little butt too. I mean she was so nice (triple blush) I could 
have humped her right then and there.. 

..but unfortunately my fantasy come true was interrupted by a voice from 
the hallway saying “What are you doing?” Startled we turned around to see 
Stacy’s older brother coming home from basketball practice. Oh what a show 
for him. We could not help but just burst out laughing at the whole thing. 
Shandra scrambled to pull her sweat back up and get her disheveled cloths 
back in place as we tried to block the view to her. I am sure he got an 
eye full of her anyway. She got so red faced and embarrassed she was near 
speechless. I don’t think we stopped laughing about it for months. 

I still fantasize about how to get her in another situation like that 
again. Big sigh…… 

Thursday, April 14th 2005 - 07:42:27 PM












