The Storm
by jastes22 

The Storm: Part 4 - Circus Display

Tris' body is put on display by her sister. 

I groaned softly at the strain the ropes was putting on my shoulders and pelvis being stretched behind me.

I could hear the others discussing something and giggling to each other. With my body bound and my vision impaired by the side of the couch, I couldn’t do anything.

“Well, let’s ask her,” John said.

“Okay,” Carly said. She and the others came around. Carly was holding something in her hand. I whimpered as they simply stood there, looking at me and my naked body like an animal at the zoo. Funny how we never considered animals to be naked.

Carly stepped forward. “Tris, how would you feel if we invited over some people?”

“What? No way! You—”

Carly shoved a piece of cloth—a bandana—into my mouth and tied it behind my head. I squealed and screamed, all muffled by the gag in my mouth.

Carly took a step back and grinned. “I don’t hear any objections.”

I continued to scream and thrash, but my restraints held me firmly immobile and effectively mute.

The four of them began to text and call their friends, inviting them over for a “surprise”, giggling like preschool children while doing so. As the horror started to settle in, all I could think about was the sound of the pouring rain of the storm.

“Good,” Carly said. “That should do it.”

“How many people do you think are coming?” Sally asked.

“I’d say around a dozen.”

I groaned.

“Now, now,” Damien said, patting me on the crotch. “No need to be like that. In fact…” He wiped his hand across my pussy. “I think you’re enjoying this.”

I felt moisture across my pussy from where Damien had dragged his hand. Holy crap, was I getting wet from this? I had just cummed! How could I be turned on again already?

“Tell you what,” Carly said. “We’ll let you wear a towel if you let three people finger your cute little pussy for a whole minute.”

I glared at her. What kind of a deal was that? No way was I going to agree to that.

I stopped myself, though, from grunting my objections. It wasn’t like I had a choice. Carly could do anything to me, and I couldn’t stop her. At least this way, I could have some shred of decency. I moaned and nodded my head.

Sally clapped her hands. “Great!”

The four of them picked me up and started to carry me like an animal over to the table.

“Hmf?”

“What?” Carly asked. “We have to make you presentable. Damien?”

Damien crawled up on the table and pinned me down as the others started to work on my bonds. One by one, each of my limbs were released from the hogtie and hen tied to the corners of the table, spreading out my entire body in a spread-eagle position.

Damien looked down at me, his cock erect and pushing down on my chest. He grinned and flicked my rock-hard nipples. Despite my anger, I couldn’t stop a moan of pleasure from escaping my gag.

“And now…” John helped Carly wrap the towel around me, tucking it in so it just barely covered my tits. With my legs spread out, the towel could only go so far down so the tops of my thighs were still visible. I could only imagine how easy it would be for someone to peek underneath my towel. It was a comfort to finally be somewhat covered, but it also served to remind just how vulnerable and exposed I was, completely in my sister’s power.

“We’re going to put this pillowcase over you, so no one knows that it’s you,” Carly said. “But if you try anything or give us any trouble, we won’t hesitate to take it off. Understood?”

I whimpered and nodded. She pulled the pillowcase over my head, and suddenly I couldn’t see anything. Carly didn’t tie it down or anything. She just left it there, loose and laying on my head. Her message was clear: She could expose me at any moment, for any reason. I realized that despite the anonymity that the pillowcase gave me, it also meant I couldn’t see anything, which was its own form of torture.

I heard a knock at the door, and terror welled up in my chest. Complete strangers were going to see me naked! And even worse, the people who were seeing me were younger than I was!

I couldn’t think of anything more humiliating. I couldn’t tell how many times I had thought that throughout the night.

I could hear them talking to people at the door. It sounded like there were at least a dozen on the other side. “--be $5.”

What? They were making people pay to see me? Like some sort of carnival attraction?

A shuffling of shoes and bodies. Whispers. A few giggles. I squirmed at the thought of a dozen or so teenagers all looking at me, leering at my barely-covered body.

More people were coming in. There was no way this was just a dozen people, but I had no way of knowing just how many people there were. I pulled against my restraints, wishing that my towel was a little longer to cover my long legs.

“Alright, let’s get this started. For $5, you can touch her exposed skin or over the towel.”

I groaned. This wasn’t fair! Carly was profiting off of my body!

Carly put her hand by my head, and I froze. No, I couldn’t let anyone know it was me.

A ruffle of money. I squealed at the first touch, a big hand squeezing my shoulders. More hands started to touch me, stroking my arms, legs, and patting me over my towel, particularly near my chest and crotch. Their hands were cold, still wet from the storm outside. Every touch sent shocks through my body, terrifyingly stimulating. There had to be at least ten pairs of hands touching me at once.

“For another $5, we’ll let you get a good squeeze of her tits. Just one”

I held in a sob. Hands grabbed my boobs, squeezing them and kneading them. Most completely ignored Carly’s instruction to squeeze only once, but she didn’t stop them. With less of an area to offer, it took nearly ten minutes for each of them to get through and squeeze.

“Hey, Carly, how much for that bag over her head?” Somebody asked. You said we knew her, and I want to know.”

A pause. My eyes widened as I realized Carly was actually considering it. She wouldn’t dare…

“No, the pillowcase isn’t for sale.”
A sigh of relief.

Carly wasn’t done yet. “But tell you what. Pool in $100, and I’ll give you her towel.”

I thrashed against the rope and screamed into my gag, not even caring about Carly’s threat at this point.

It took a horrifyingly short amount of time for them all to cough up the money. I felt hands grabbing at the edges of my towel. It fell free and was thrown aside. I sobbed openly now, the pillowcase hiding my tears. I was completely on display now like an exhibit at the circus.

“Now, our friend here has agreed to let three people finger her for a whole minute. Let’s say $50. Any takers?

I tried to voice my objections. The deal was that I got the towel!

“I’ll buy a minute,” someone said. A young girl, I realized.

Two others, boys, bought the other two minutes.

“We’ll do these right after the other. One minute each.”

She started the timer. The first boy ravished my pussy, digging in hard and furious. I moaned and groaned, feeling pressure and heat building up in my body.

“One minute.”

The second boy started. Instead of ravishing, he explored my pussy, pulling in and out multiple times while exploring different areas. Somehow, his treatment was even more stimulating than the first.

The girl went last. She dug in hard, ravishing like the first but more experienced than the second. She explored inside me in a way that only another girl could.

I groaned as she found my G-spot and dug in. Cum squirted out of my pussy, dripping down my legs and onto the table. Despite having cummed so recently, this new round was even more intense than before, and the sensation that washed over me was even more intense given the audience I had.

The pillowcase held on my head, half-on, half-off. The slightest movement could send it to the ground. I bit my lip, trying not to breathe so hard, but it was nearly impossible.

“Wel, I think that concludes our show!” Carly said. I heard some groans from the crowd. They obviously wanted more. “Thank you all for coming!” She patted my stomach.

“Wait,” Damien said. “I’ve got an idea.”

You had got to be freaking kidding me. I was going to murder Damien and then plead insanity. I heard some whisperings

A few minutes passed. Carly pulled off the pillowcase. I yelped, instinctively trying to cover myself. I completely expected to find myself surrounded by teenagers, just waiting to see my identity revealed.

Instead, I found the kitchen area to be empty except for the four of them.

Carly untied me, and I pulled my limbs to my chest, whimpering like an injured puppy. I pulled out the gag.

“So, Tris, I hope you don’t mind, but I took some pictures,” Sally said. She held her phone as she scrolled through her gallery depicting me with people touching me with my towel, and then me completely naked, and then being fingered, all while the pillowcase being the only protecting my identity.

“And I’m sure others took pictures, too,” John said.

I shuddered at the thought of those teenagers jerking off at pictures of me. I couldn’t believe this was happening.

“But we’ll make you a deal,” Carly said.

I groaned. Not this again. I realized it wasn’t raining anymore.

“Our friends have agreed that they will delete all evidence of this night if you go into the basement, where they’re all waiting, tied up with your hands tied behind your back, completely naked…and with no pillowcase.”

I bit my lip. Reveal who I was, or let my body be exposed to the world?

Carly looked at me, reveling in my indecision. “This offer ends in 5…4…3…2…1…”


The Storm: Part 5 - The Deal

Tris makes a deal to erase all evidence of her night.

“Okay, fine!” I said. “I’ll do it!”

Carly grinned. “Great!”

It was the smart thing to do, I told myself. This had all happened at my house. Somebody was bound to put two and two together that it was me beneath the pillowcase. At least this way I could get ahead of it.

Still…the thought of facing all those teenagers completely naked and exposed was terrifying.

Carly wasn’t giving me a chance for second thoughts, though, already tying my hands behind my back.

She pulled them snug, stepping in front of me to admire her work. “This has been way too much fun, Tris. Can’t wait to see what the rest of the evening has in store for us.” She reached for the discarded pillowcase. “For the big reveal,” she explained.

She guided me down the stairs, the others touching my hips or my butt to “steady me.”

We turned the corner, and the crowd fell silent. “Ladies and gentlemen,” Carly said in her most showman-like voice. “Our subject has agreed to our terms. Your pictures and videos for her pillowcase. Does anyone object?”

Some rumblings. People wanted to keep their treasures from the night, but more wanted to see who their victim was.

As the pillowcase started to lift off my head, I immediately regretted my decision. Even if people did figure out who I was without taking off the pillowcase, at least I didn’t have to be there when they found out, and at least convince myself no one knew.

It was too late now. I went on tiptoes, as if that would delay my reveal

The pillowcase came off completely. I heard some people gasp, and others giggle.
“Is that…”
“--sister”
“--can’t believe she’s naked.”

I couldn’t help myself. While part of me wanted to keep my eyes shut and pretend this whole thing was just a nightmare I’d wake up from, part of me needed to look into the eyes of my tormentors.

Close to thirty teenagers looked back at me, their eyes exploring my body, crawling up and down like the rat from Ratatouille. I didn’t recognize all of them, but some of them I knew rather well as Carly’s friends, and they knew me. I was grateful that they were in a different age group than I was, but the fact that they were younger—just kids, really, made it even more humiliating. There were a few girls, but I couldn’t tell which one of them had been the one to make me cum upstairs.

I turned to Carly. “O-okay. I did it. Now make them delete those pictures!”

Carly grinned. “Not quite. I think we should have you show off a bit in front of your admirers.”

I groaned. “That wasn’t the deal!”

My sister shrugged. “Well, I’m changing the deal. If you don’t want to, you can just tell everyone they can keep the pictures and Damien will help you find your room key, but that could take a while.”

As I stared back at the crowd of teenagers, I realized what a horrible mistake I had made. By letting Carly tie me up and effectively admitting that she held my social life in her hand, she had all the power to do whatever she wanted, now with as many lackeys as she had invited, all eager to see more of me and my humiliation. What was Carly going to make me do now? Naked Ping-Pong again? Jumping jacks?

“Fine,” I said with the most anger I could muster.

“Great. Let’s head outside, it looks like the rain has stopped.”

People crowded me and Carly as she led me out the back door. The house was on a hill, so the basement opened right up to the backyard patio and pool. The air was still musty and cold from the rain, and it still sprinkled slightly, though the storm had mostly let up. I shuddered at the feeling of being exposed outside where any of the neighbors could see. It was quickly getting dark, but the porch lights were on and there was enough light to see more than enough. We had a large plot that was divided and shared with five other houses. Anyone could look out and see me.

Carly untied my arms. “Let’s start off with some jump ropes. John? Could you grab that for us?”

John returned quickly with the nylon rope with handles on either end. I took them in my hands and spread them out.

“Fifty jumps should do it, I think,” Carly said.

I started to jump, furiously pounding them out so I could get it over with. My tits bobbed like buoys on the ocean. Up, down, up, down. I kept my legs straight as possible, trying not to open my pussy any more than absolutely necessary after my exposure inside.

“Wait,” Sally said as I hit 34. I stopped.

“We won’t know if she actually hits fifty. I think we should make her count out loud.”

“You’re right,” Carly said. “Tris, why don’t you start over, but count out loud like Sally said.”

I glared at the two of them, but started to jump again. “One…Two…Three…” The counting made me have to slow down and take my time with each jump, effectively lengthening out my torture.

By the time I finished doing nearly eighty jump ropes, my feet and arms were sore. I let my arms droop and looked for somewhere to sit.

Carly was having none of that. “Why don’t you have a swim? Just right here in the pool?” She reached over and started to tug off the pool cover.

I gawked at her. Go skinny dipping? My swimsuits were conservative one-pieces, a fact that Carly teased me mercilessly about. The thought of skinny dipping in front of everyone was horrifying.

“Go on,” Damien said. “To the end of the pool and back.”

I glared at him, though I could feel my attempts of resistance were having less and less of an effect.

“Don’t be like that, Trissie,” Carly said. “In fact, why don’t you do it backstroke? You’re good at that, aren’t you?”

I was going to murder all of them, I promised myself. I jumped into the pool. I hardly registered how cold it was as I swam backstroke as fast as I could. The backstroke was significantly slower than a regular front stroke, and I felt my stomach tie into knots with each passing second.

I started on my way back. I tried not to think about how everyone could see my tits and my crotch sticking out of the water. I tried to focus on the feel of the water. It wasn’t a shower, but it was something to get the smell of rainwater out of my nose.

I pulled myself out of the water, soaking wet and dripping. “Okay, now—”

A sharp *thwap* echoed in my ears, and I squealed as a sharp pain erupted on my butt. They were towel-whipping me! Hands grabbed my arms and held me still while others went to town whipping me with towels. I shrieked with each strike and collapsed into sobs, not even trying to hide my tears. I couldn’t think of anything more humiliating.

First stripping naked in front of Damien, then letting him pat me down with a towel. Then playing naked Ping-Pong followed by naked Twister, each with jumping jacks and spankings. Then having my dignity be put on sale by my own sister, and then cumming in front of a bunch of teenagers. Then, worst of all, having my identity revealed to everyone.

Then this. And I doubted Carly was finished.

“This is too much fun, sis! Aren’t you having fun?” Carly said as the last people got their towel-whipping licks in.

I sniffled, my rear stinging like a hive of bees.

“That’s too bad,” Carly said. “Why don’t we take a walk around the lawn? Would you like that?” She grabbed my discarded rope and tied it around my neck, leashing me. The collar was snug, but not painful.

“Go on,” Carly said. I hesitated. This was a whole new level of shame. Carly gave me a hard slap on my butt. I squealed, the pain from the towel-whips making it even worse.

I started walking, making my way down the perimeter of the yard. At least on the patio I had some cover from an unsuspecting neighbor, but now I was in the middle of the yard, completely exposed. My feet sloshed in the still-wet muddy ground, and soon I was covered up to my shins in mud. I couldn’t walk very far ahead of Carly before she would yank on the leash, but if I slowed down at all, she would give my butt a slap, giggling at my reaction.

As I made it back to the patio, Sally grabbed my shoulders and pushed me down to my knees. “Why don’t you do it again, but crawl this time?”

I blushed. I couldn’t find the will to resist, and instead just got on my hands and knees and started to move, Sally gave my butt a hard swat, and I moaned. I couldn’t cum again, but the pain was really turning me on again.

A few others took Sally’s swat as permission to spank me as well as I literally crawled past them like a dog. I whimpered with each strike.

The deal was the same as the first time. If I slowed down at all, Carly would give me a slap. With my butt sticking out even more than when I was walking, she had a much better angle to make her slaps louder and more painful. She had less tolerance for hesitation than the first lap, and dished quite a few more spanks than before.

My arms and legs already sore and tired, I kept slipping and sloshing in the mud. I was covered upp to my shoulders in mud, and it took conscious effort not to shudder at the gross feeling.

Apparently, the sensation of mud was enough to make me pause long enough for Carly to do something about it. She spanked me, hard, and I slipped and fell face-first into the mud. Carly gave me two, three swats before pulling me up by the leash. I groaned at the sensation of mud in my hair, face, tits, and pussy. Without the rain to clean it away, it simply clumped on my body.

Finally, I made it back to the patio. John and Damien used the excuse of wiping the mud off me to touch my tits and stomach. Even with the mud off, I still felt super gross. Carly tugged on my leash, pulling me towards her. She wiped her hand on my pussy to remove the mud. I let out a soft moan.

Carly grinned at my reaction "Okay, time to delete those photos.” The crowd groaned as they pulled out their phone and started to delete everything. I realized I had no way of actually knowing if they deleted everything, or if some of them secretly kept a few of their favorites. Damien stepped forward, holding something in his hand.

A key.

A sigh of relief. It was done. I was done.

At least…I hoped so.

In the distance, the retreating storm rumbled with thunder.
