In the weeks that followed, Christian would have sworn that Königsbrunn had shrunk. It didn't matter that he avoided the kitchen, or that he hadn't shown up to poker in a while. Phillip seemed to have appointed himself to the position of Christian's shadow, swinging by the stable during Christian's shifts, and loitering by the castle entrance in the mornings and the evenings. He'd even caught the prince nonchalantly nosing around Justus' office when Christian would collect his check. It was brazen and infuriating and fascinating, but Christian couldn't let himself slip the way he had in the kitchen that night. He'd gone back to the flatshare unsettled and sickened and still a little hard with half formed ideas about what else Phillip would allow, what else Christian could get away with.

His breaking point came when Phillip slid into the table next to him one afternoon during what was supposed to be a quiet, uneventful lunch, and started to detail in excruciatingly exact whispers, the things he wanted Christian to do to him.

"You could tie me down," he said, his eyes fever hot and his body faintly vibrating with anticipation. "I'll do whatever you tell me to, anything you can think of. Maybe use one of the saddles or," he leaned in to breathe the idea directly into Christian's ear, "use a riding crop." Christian's soup spoon clattered into his bowl at the thought of raising long red welts onto the Prince's skin. The idea was too appealing, so was Phillip's hand rhythmically squeezing his thigh.

"You're insane," Christian hissed. "I'm not even into that kind of stuff. What you do on your own time is your own business, don't drag me into it."

Phillip laughed softly and slung his arm across the back of Christian's chair. "I may have bad luck, but you're not a particularly gifted bluffer. You're into it. I don't know if you need it like I do, but you're into it, my friend.

"I'm not your friend." Christian answered coolly.

"No? Maybe you'd prefer 'sir' or even 'master'?" Phillip answered just as serenely, but his thumb was tracing slowly over the seam of Christian's fly and he was breathing harshly into Christian's ear.

Christian shoved his hand away harshly and stood up to put his bowl in the sink, ignoring the insolent little smirks Phillip kept sending his way. He was so smug, so entitled and so goddamned frustrating. The worst part, the thing that had Christian grinding his teeth, hands clenching in fists, was that Phillip had played him, hustled him right to this point without Christian being wise to it at all, and Christian couldn't stand it. He walked over to the Prince slowly and leaned in, looking him right in the eye, his voice pitched so that only they could hear. "I'm going to fuck that dumb smirk off of your face, prince." Phillip's eyes widened almost comically, as if he didn't know, as if he couldn't tell that he'd baited Christian perfectly, as if that wasn't exactly the outcome he wanted.

"Justus," Christian called over his shoulder, not bothering to turn away from Phillip, not now that he was all in. " The Prince would like to arrange a private riding lesson. He'll let you know when he's available." With a soft patronizing pat on the Prince's shoulder, Christian turned and walked out of the kitchen, not bothering to spare Phillip a second glance.

The Prince is on his knees in the stable, nosing and kissing Christian's twitching balls, breathing in like his musk is oxygen, necessary and life giving. Christian can't help but gasp at the wanton slide of stubble and spit across his wrinkled skin as he laves them with his tongue, his hands gripping Christian's thighs just a little too tight. Sometimes, it's incentive enough to get Christian out of his flat, something to look forward to, a chance to get out of his own damned head for once, but sometimes it's too good. Like now, when the Prince's throat is convulsing around the head of his dick, it's too much and much too soon. He yanks hard on the silky brown hair, pulling a little too severely, while the Prince whines and gasps in his grip, his mouth hanging open red and wet, and his eyes dazed.

"You trying to make me cum?" The words are soft, as is his hand on the Prince's cheek, running his fingertips over the stubble and the puffed swell of his pink lips. The Prince looks down in shame, because they both know the answer is yes, yes he was trying to be the cause of Christian's pleasure, to force it from him. So Christian runs a soft hand over his jaw once before he rears back and leaves a hot red handprint on the Prince's cheek. Savoring the soft whimper of protest and the way the Prince's dick jerks and dances as it hangs lewdly out of his slacks, Christian leans in and whispers, "That's not how this works, Prince."

"I'm sorry sir," the Prince whispers deferentially, and Christian almost believes it, can almost taste the humility radiating from the Prince's bowed head, and he knows he wants to taste the fluid that is slowly leaking from the slit of his dick, so he orders him to stand up, and the Prince complies, the Prince always complies giving in easily to Christian, giving Christian whatever he asks for.

Christian pushes him back against the stable door and pins him there, sliding his cock along the Prince's, holding him down, their breaths mingling as he pumped their erections together, pausing to bring his hand up and taste the slight bitterness of the Prince's pre-cum, his hips twitching as the Prince mewls his pleasure across the short space separating their mouths. Christian has to clamp his hands over his lips, because the Prince makes the wrong sounds, wrong pitch, wrong tone, wrong skin, wrong scent wrong person. Wrong. His mind is screaming this at him and he growls for the Prince to shut up and be quiet, working his hand faster in between them and ducking down to bite a little savagely at his throat and chest. But in the dim light of the stable, when the Prince is quiet underneath his hand, and his eyes are slivered so that only the green part of his muddled hazel irises show, something in Christian gets fooled and he snaps.

"Turn around. Strip." Christian growls roughly, and the Prince can't comply fast enough, shedding his clothing immodestly, just letting his clothes fall to the stable floor, shaking slightly as he waits for Christian to tell him what to do.

"Bend over." Christian commands darkly, but the Prince just doesn't do it fast enough for him, so he has to shove the Prince down, to get him at just the level he wants, and he holds him there by the back of his neck and nestles his cock right in between the Prince's cheeks and suppresses a shudder at the warm smoothness of his flesh. He's smooth, totally shaved, just like Christian told him to be. So Christian tightens his arms around the Prince's torso and drapes himself over his back nipping angry marks into his skin. When he feels the Prince start to respond and push back, grinding his ass onto Christian's dick, he slaps him hard, then rubs his hand over the heated red of the Prince's skin, like he's trying to rub the pain into his very molecules. The Prince makes a strained whimpering sound and something comes loose in Christian and he's raining blows all over the white skin of the Prince's ass, pushing himself insistently against the Prince's tight hot hole. They're both loud now, careless, the Prince encouraging him with breathy little yeses and Christian grunting at the feel of the Prince's trembling flesh around his dick every time he makes contact. It's hardly a punishment, since it's something they both like, and the Prince can take it harder than this, he knows. Sometimes he begs Christian for the riding crop, when he's particularly mouthy. But they're keeping it simple today, or as simple as this weird thing between them can be.

The Prince makes it through about ten hard slaps before he starts begging for Christian to put it inside of him, mumbling and panting and pleading to get filled, making promises he knows he can't keep, that he'll be quiet that he'll do everything Christian tells him to, to the letter. It's about the worst and best mistake the Prince can make, because the begging is good, the desperation and promises in his voice are a drug for Christian, but the method of delivery is lacking, his voice too high too smooth – he's still a polished Prince, and Christian is going to break him down.

"Suck." He pushes two fingers into the Prince's mouth, makes sure they get nice and wet before pulling them out to trace the sensitive line of the Prince's perineum and press into his hole, already flooded and sticky with Christian's pre-cum. His other hand is clamped tight over the prince's mouth already, because he knows what this does to him, how he can forget his place and demand Christian to go faster, push deeper. He's being quiet though, breathing through it like a fretful horse, and whining quietly. If he were a different person, Christian would find it sweet. If he were a different person, he wouldn't be in this stable at all. He'd be in Ibiza.

But this is who Christian is now, resting his head on the Prince's shoulder and pushing into his tight heat. He gives the Prince time to adjust, because it's just another source of suffering for them both, how slow Christian can go, how he can open the Prince up half inch by half inch until he is slack in Christian's arms, and weak with wanting. It never lasts for long though because the Prince is incorrigible; as soon as Christian has pushed all the way inside he starts squirming, pressing his ass back and writhing until Christian starts tugging on his balls and bites him again, in warning. Then he goes limp all over again and Christian knows he can start.

"Be good for me, Prince." He whispers. Before the Prince can answer, he slides out slow, stars going off behind his closed eyes at the way Phillip's ass drags along his cock, clenching tight enough to wring hard-won moans from Christian's mouth. Christian slams back in and there will be no more soft words for Phillip, just the hard insistence of Christian's cock, the harsh curses in his ears, the strained rasp of Christian's breathing.

They want it this way, Christian needs someone to use, and Phillip's hot cock in his hand, the sweat he spreads around on their skin, it's his now, all his. The red flush creeping over his skin is Christian's, the high pitched whine and the jerking twitching cock in his hand, that belongs to him too. Watching Phillip's cum arc through the air, and feeling it spill on his hand, hot and wet, is a sense of control that Christian can't get anywhere else and with three short sharp thrusts he is joining Phillip over the edge, burying his nose in the nape of his neck and cumming hard letting himself pretend for a moment that Phillip is someone else, that he is somewhere else. When he takes a lick of Phillip's skin the illusion is shattered, and he pulls out quickly, pushing Phillip away from him and running the back of his hand along his mouth in disgust.

It hasn't worked this time. The lack is still there, somehow worse than before and he doesn't want to think of the things he'd have to do to Phillip to drive it away, even for just a little bit. So he knows it's time to be responsible. It's time to end it.

"Phillip," He calls out, watching the man flinch at this unexpected use of his given name. Christian never calls him Phillip here, even if less than a minute ago he'd been buried to the hilt inside of him, groaning his way through orgasm. Phillip looks at him with a question in his eyes, and Christian answers.

"I can't do this with you anymore. It's not right, nothing about this is right, and I'm scaring myself a little."

The disappointment is plain in Phillip's eyes, and Christian feels for him, he does, but that was part of the risk, part of the deal, and he's right about Christian. He's not a gifted bluffer but he's unfailingly honest.

"Hey Christian, lighten up, it's just sex, man, we're just, you know?" Phillip is bluffing now, it's obvious; the thin veneer of bravado is giving away to the neediness underneath. As usual he doesn't have a leg to stand on.

"No, it's not. It's getting out of hand, I think." Christian sighed, running a tired hand through his hair. "It's probably better if I'm alone, really alone for a while. This – it's too weird and I already have a monopoly as it is on weird fucked up shit with men." He slips his jacket on, walking towards the entrance, and damn if Phillip isn't still pleading with him silently.

Christian forced a smile, working muscles in his face he hadn't had cause to use in months. "Um. It's not you it's me. Really." The truth of it hit Christian hard. It was him, letting the hurt fester and get dark, making him lash out against people who don't deserve it. It was up to Christian to turn it around, to really move on because in some ways he was still in that hallway, full of rage and covered in blood and betrayal. It was time to let it go.

Phillip gave him a wan smile, and Christian didn't pull away when he leaned in to give him a kiss for the first and last time.

"Good luck, Christian." Phillip said as Christian walked out of the stable.

Christian didn't turn back, just waved over his shoulder and kept walking into the dusk. He was going to take the long way home, and he was going to make his own luck.