Jared fumbled with the keys in the lock. It had been a hard day of shooting on his new movie, and even if it hadn't been quite as long a day as he'd regularly pulled when working on Supernatural, it had been long enough. He was ready to crash.

The dogs rushed him the moment he got inside the door, of course, but they'd clearly been fed already, because they trotted back off to lie down again a moment later. Jared shrugged out of his jacket and hung it up, and narrowly avoided tripping over a box in the dark. "Shit."

"Watch the boxes out there," Jensen called out.

Jared wasn't entirely sure how there could still be boxes that hadn't found a permanent home yet: it had been over a week since he and Jensen had moved into their new house in the suburbs of L.A., and it felt like they'd done nothing but work, sleep and unpack since then. He was glad it was the weekend now. The house still had its rough corners, but things were starting to fall into place.

"Where are you?" he called back.

"Living room," Jensen answered.

Jared picked his way carefully along to the living room, and found Jensen unpacking a box of books and transferring them to the bookcase. There was a smudge of dust on his cheek.

"Hey," Jensen said, smiling warm and slow, and reaching out to pull him into a kiss. "Welcome home," he added when they finally broke apart again, already breathing faster.

"Mmmm," Jared hummed. "I like the sound of that." He began steering Jensen towards the couch, leaning in for another kiss as he did so, only to trip over another box and send them careening against a wall instead.

"Smooth, Padalecki," Jensen said breathlessly, pinned between him and the wall. "Real smooth."

Jared shut him up by kissing him again.

He still couldn't quite believe that Jensen was there, that Jensen was going to keep on being there. Saying goodbye to Supernatural had been hard, and part of him still couldn't quite get his head around the fact that he got to keep this, got to keep Jensen. Got to keep them.

He pulled away far enough to look at Jensen properly, then couldn't help laughing a little. At Jensen's indignant "What?" he lowered his head and kissed the patch of skin that was smudged with dust.

"I like this," he told Jensen, murmuring against his skin. "I like coming home and finding you here. I like you unpacking our stuff."

"You'll be unpacking your share at the weekend - oh," Jensen said, arching into him as Jared bent down to nuzzle at his neck. "And I like that."

Jared grinned and slid lower, working fast to free Jensen from the old clothes he'd been wearing while working on the house, now a little dusty. He kicked one of the boxes to nudge it out of the way.

"Hey, that box has breakables -" Jensen started to protest, but cut off when Jared dropped to his knees.

Jared grinned up at him. "I hope by breakables you don't mean the snowglobes, because I think those could survive just about anything." He leaned forward, nuzzling at Jensen's boxer shorts.

Jensen's breath rushed out of him in a woosh. "Fuck the snowglobes, Jared, seriously, just -"

"I've got a better idea," Jared said, and tugged Jensen's shorts out of the way before taking his cock into his mouth.

Jensen groaned, and Jared heard the thud of his head falling back against the wall.

This had been one of the things Jared had struggled with a little at first; the idea of taking a guy's dick in his mouth had taken some getting used to. But feeling Jensen in his mouth, heavy against his tongue, the smell and the taste of him... And most of all the sounds Jensen made, bitten-off little whimpers and moans, the way his hips trembled as he fought not to thrust forward, the way his eyes turned dazed and wondering... Yeah, Jared was really into it these days.

Jensen moaned and touched his head, warning, but Jared kept going, and felt the taste of Jensen explode across his tongue as Jensen moaned again.

He also heard the clatter of a box being knocked over as Jensen reached out to grab something to support himself, but from the sound of things it had only contained books.

He stood up hastily, pressing Jensen against the wall before his lover's knees could give out entirely or he could knock another box over. He kissed Jensen, hard and intent, sharing the taste with him, and Jensen kissed him back, soft and dazed and gorgeous until the kiss sharpened into focus. And then Jensen's hand was closing around his cock, and Jared had to pull back far enough to gasp. He buried his face in the crook of Jensen's neck, mouthing at the skin there, pleased to feel Jensen shudder.

It seemed like no time before he was coming, sagging against Jensen and letting the wall take both of their weight.

"Not that I'm complaining, but what brought that on?" Jensen asked after a moment, running his hand through Jared's hair.

Jared smiled against his skin, listening to Jensen's heartbeat slowing. "Guess I'm just glad to be home."