Bound To Please - a Story
  by Delta Venus

Copyright 2009



She and her husband had talked about the fantasy for months. Now
she waits. It will happen soon, when her husband finally arrives
home from work. The anticipation is killing her, she should have
waited longer before acting, so she wouldn't have had to wait as
long in her current condition. Either period of waiting would
have been stressful, but it would have been more comfortable to
wait sitting in a chair, or pacing around the apartment, instead
of barely able to move, and unable to see, but once she committed
herself, she couldn't turn back.


She wonders what the first thought through her husband's mind
will be when he sees her, and her vulnerability. Her wrists
chained to the headboard with fur-lined handcuffs. Her ankles
trussed to the bedposts, holding her legs spread wide. The
intricate rope work around her torso, tightly binding her
breasts, offering them up for use and abuse. The bright blue
ball-gag fit tightly in her mouth, silencing her potential
protests or passionate moans, perhaps both. The velvet mask
covering her eyes, keeping her from seeing what her husband's
reaction might be, or what he might do when he decides to act.
Her freshly shaved pussy, lightly swollen with anticipatory
arousal, pinkness protruding just a little, with nothing to hide
its intimate secrets any more.


There! She can hear him fumbling with his key at the door, he
will soon see her helplessness and availability, and take
advantage of them like they have talked about while making love
time and time again, the fantasy giving them both an extra
charge, almost electric. Now it will be real. His footsteps carry
softly, she hears them go first into the kitchen, then the living
room. Won't he come into the bedroom already, she's been waiting
so long for him! Finally he softly pads towards her, quiet as a
burglar.


She hears his sharp intake of breath as he finally sees her,
spread wide, bound tightly to the bed, unable to see or to speak.
He approaches rapidly, then, and his hands check the bonds, first
the handcuffs, then the ropes, to ensure she is truly unable to
escape and really at his mercy. Satisfied that the bindings are
truly secure, he makes his next move. She jerks slightly at the
anticipated yet unexpected touch, a finger rubbing lightly
between the lips of her bald, exposed pussy. The finger comes
away with a sheen of her juices, and she hears him suck the
liquid from it. The now wet finger rubs her nipples, first the
right one, then the left, leaving them wet and aroused. He blows
upon them, the cooling evaporation making them rise even more,
sticking out firm and proud.


Now it isn't just a finger, but his hand. A light caress of her
cheek, then a firm squeeze of her left breast, a slow wandering
over the tightly laced ropes binding her body and breasts,
tickling the exposed flesh in between the silky smooth cotton
strands, down her hip and then slowly, slowly across to her inner
thigh, teasingly light now, barely a feathers touch as it travels
slowly across that most sensitive area, making its way inevitably
towards her now very inflamed pussy. Suddenly he cups her pussy
tightly, rubbing in a circle with a firm and steady motion. A
finger slides easily between her lips, and then is joined by a
second, forcing their way deeply into her tunnel, their passage
made easy by the torrent of fluids now leaking profusely from
her.


She is moaning loudly now, except the sound is muffled by the
gag, and barely audible even to herself. The fingers pump into
her a few times, then are pulled out, teasing her now very erect
clit just a little as they are pulled away. Again she hears him
suck the juices from them, slurping with abandon, like a
mannerless child eating a bowl of soup without a spoon. Now then
caress by a gentle hand is repeated, except on the other side of
her body, with the unexpected addition of a tight, forceful pinch
of her right nipple, almost vice-like, which shoots sensations
through every nerve ending in her body. This time it is three
fingers that enter her, stretching her close to her limits,
pulling her lips tightly over her clit, and lighting fires in her
depths, as they plunge in and out with an increasing tempo.


She gasps suddenly, the sound a mere hiss around the gag. His
tongue has joined the fingers! It feels incredible as it lightly
teases the now very sensitive hood area, barely brushing her clit
as it flicks to and fro amongst her outer lips. His lips join the
tongue, while the fingers keep up their now constant rhythm of in
and out thrusts. Gentle, sucking, toothless bites augment the
action of the tender tongue, driving her to heights she has
seldom reached before. His scratchy beard feels wonderful against
the sensitive skin of her shaved mound.


Scratchy beard!? Panic! Intense fear washes over her in waves.
Her husband can barely raise a beard when he tries, and he never
tries, he is always clean shaven and smooth as a baby's butt,
even at the end of the day. His face doesn't know the meaning of
five o'clock shadow. This can not be her husband! Surprisingly
the adrenaline rush of fear does nothing to diminish the
intensity of her arousal. If anything, it intensifies as her mind
screams out against it, the thought of a total stranger doing
these things to her revolting, but electrifying at the same time.
She tries to scream, but it is suffocated by the gag, and sounds
more like passion than plea. She tries to move away, to squirm,
but she has done such a good job in her self-trussing that she
can only wiggle a little, and it isn't much different from the
impassioned thrusts and moves she has been making as her body
became so wonderfully aroused, and still is. Her nipples have
hardened even more, her chest and face have flushed with a heated
blush, her heart is pounding, and every inch of her skin seems
hypersensitive, every little touch sending electrical pulses
zinging down the nerve endings, shooting straight to her brain.


She hears the sound of a zipper being drawn, the tongue
withdraws, and the fingers are pulled out of her pussy. They are
quickly used to spread her lips wide open, gaping her hole as she
feels this strange man position himself between her widely spread
legs. She knows why he holds her open this way, not just to look,
although surely he can see right up inside her the way he has her
held, but to penetrate her, to thrust his member deeply into her.
She shudders in anticipation of the coming violation, not with
horror, but with arousal. She has given in, knowing that her
struggles are futile in her well bound state, and the surrender
has excited her further.


He wears no protection, she can feel the silky smooth skin that
graces the head of his large cock as he nestles it between her
slick, juicy pussy lips, still held wide open by his fingers. His
cock seems much larger than her husbands, a true ramrod of
manhood, thick, and surely long as well. This may be a tighter
stretch than the previous penetration by three fingers. He begins
to spear that thick cock into her hole, and while it does stretch
things quite a lot, the entry is easier than she thought it would
be, eased along by the copious fluids leaking from her, sliding
swiftly along the slickened path into the center of her being.
Much larger than her husband! He slides deeper than she has ever
been penetrated, until he finally is pushing at the very entrance
to her womb, and still he isn't all the way inside her, and he
will never be, he is just too large, leaving her feeling a little
like an overstuffed sausage casing, or a woman trying on a pair
of panty hose two sizes too small.


He removes the fingers keeping her spread, but her lips stay well
split with that thick meat spiked between them. He starts to
thrust, each withdrawal pulling her lips well outside their usual
haunts, distended, stretched and pulled wide apart. Each
penetration driving all the way to the back of her canal, banging
against her womb, drawing her lips and clitoral hood along for
the ride, her magic button getting pressed and rubbed intensely
both coming and going. All the intense sensations that had been
flying through her nervous system, lighting off her brain, have
now devolved into straight, hardwired connections to the base of
her spine, electric sensations burning down the lines, causing
jittery muscle contractions, involuntary thrusting of her hips,
spontaneous sweating and a flowing of juices from her honey pot
like she has never experienced. The very walls of her pussy seem
to quiver with living energy as this total stranger, whom she
can't even see, plumbs the depths of her pussy with his enormous
manhood, unprotected, raw, and powerful.


She loses track of her orgasms, each melting into the next, until
she feels his impending release. He thrusts deeply into her,
almost burying his whole cock inside, pressing the thick head of
his cock right up against the entrance to her womb, and
shuddering himself with the intensity of their sexual passion,
shoots solid streams of cum into her, the shots penetrating right
past her cervix and filling her uterus. Her own powerful orgasmic
contractions drive her cervix to suck at the shooting streams of
semen, and help to fill her very center with this strangers seed.
If this is the right time of the month, there is no possibility
that she won't be impregnated. Waves of emotion and sensation
wash over her, and she is left feeling like a stick of butter
left out in the sun too long, melted and mushy, with no
resistance, merely a creamy center with no foundation or support.


The stranger withdraws, leaving a well violated hole, wide open
now without any help needed to keep it so. No fingers need to
spread it, no cock need plunge inside it, it gapes and slacks all
by itself. Only a very tiny bit of semen leaks from within,
though, the seed has been planted well inside, and won't be
leaving, no matter how open the entrance. Her right nipple is
pinched, playfully, but hard enough for a little pain, and then
his voice whispers into her ear.


"I couldn't resist your sexy offering here. I broke in to take
your money and electronics, but I've taken something so much more
satisfying. I felt it when you realized I was someone other than
who you expected, and I would have stopped if you had turned cold
fish, but you didn't, you stayed as hot as a steam room. Hope you
are on the pill, because I really creamed your insides!" He
kisses her on the forehead, and she hears him chuckling as he
pads away towards the front door, and then is gone.


Now she waits. The burglar has left her just as she left herself
before he arrives, tied to the bed, helpless, vulnerable. She
thinks about her husband, what will he think when he sees her?
The fantasy is still set to happen, she can't do anything to
prevent it. What will the first thought through his head be? Will
he take immediate advantage, or will he tease her, or maybe even
release her, not ready to make the fantasy a reality? She is worn
out, but these thoughts of her husband still arouse her, her
total nakedness and complete vulnerability are still sensual and
arousing, even after the orgasmic onslaught she has just
undergone. Will her husband even compare to the heavy dicking the
huge stranger has just given her?


And the curiously arousing thought, will her husband realize she
has already been ravished?

         &#9650;&#9792;

http://deltavenus.bestdamnpornblogs.com/
