The following story is a work of fiction that contains sexual themes [FF,
MFF, first, cons] If this offends you please exit immediately.

   If you choose to read my story and wish to give me feedback, please drop
me a line at imogenanderson@hotmail.com

   At Your Service By Imogen Anderson

   The girls were excited!  They had not been out dancing in such a long
time and were thrilled to finally have a big Saturday night planned.  The
discussions all week had been abuzz with: What shall we wear?  Where shall
we go?  Who will we meet?

   Melody and Mirabelle had shared an apartment for a few months by now,
but had been so caught up with the daily stresses of their work that they
had not yet celebrated their new start.  The first bottle of champagne was
popped as the girls put together their outfits and showered.  The smell of
fresh skin and shampooed hair filled the apartment as Melody pumped up the
stereo to help get them in the party mood.  They had both selected special
lingerie to wear, Mirabelle in red, Melody in black.  This always made them
feel incredibly feminine and sexy, even if no one else saw it.

   The girls were close friends; the best of friends.  They were each
other's closest confidante and knew everything about each other.  Their
other friends, particularly the men, had always wondered if there was more
to their friendship.  It was true...  the girls had often talked about what
it would be like to be with each other and experience that pleasure, but
had resisted out of the desire not to damage the pure friendship that
existed between them.  Although, on more than one late evening while
partying, they were known to have a drunken kiss.  But this was usually
more for the pleasure of the spectators.

   As they slinked into their party dresses and heels, they eyed each other
up and down.

   "Wow Melody, you look amazing!" Mirabelle cooed.

   Melody was in her favourite frock, a gorgeous black dress with silver
swirls.  Her dazzling cleavage shown to full perfection in the plunging
neckline.  Mirabelle had picked out her favourite dress too.  A cute black
A-line with cheeky red polka dots that showed glimpses of her red bra when
she moved.

   "Belle, I could go for you in a big way," Melody said as she ran her
eyes over Mirabelle.

   "Well, we'll have to see, won't we?" Mirabelle responded with a wink.

   They giggled, poured some more champagne and fixed their hair and
makeup.

   Because it was an extra special night out, the girls had arranged for a
stretch limousine to pick them up and chauffeur them to the city.  It was
extravagant, but they were worth it.

   The girls applied their last touches as the doorbell rang.  Melody
jumped with delight and ran to open the door.  Standing there was a
stunning man dressed in an elegant tuxedo.

   "Good evening.  My name is Guy and I am your chauffeur for the evening,"
he said.  "Good evening to you.  We won't be a moment," Melody responded
with a sexy grin.

   She popped back to the bedroom and whispered to Mirabelle, "The
chauffeur is so fucking hot!"

   The girls collected their bags and headed out into the crisp night air.
Guy opened the back door of the limousine and gave a naughty smile as he
helped them get in.  Mirabelle was amazed at how big the inside was.  The
leather seat curved around and seemed to stretch on forever.  There was a
fresh bottle of quality champagne on ice that Guy picked up as soon as they
were settled in.

   "Would you ladies care for a little bubbly?"

   "Of course!" the girls said in unison.

   The champagne tasted divine in the crystal glasses and as they sipped,
Guy entered the driver's seat and their trip to the city was underway. 
Both Mirabelle and Melody were feeling very tipsy and they were sitting
very close, giggling and chatting about the night unfolding before them. 
Guy looked in his rear vision mirror and smiled to himself as he thought
how beautiful these girls were.

   Melody snuggled in closer to Mirabelle and touched her knee.

   "You look so incredible tonight Mirabelle.  I don't think I'm going to
be able to keep my hands off you."

   "Who says you have to?" Mirabelle said as she turned to face her
favourite friend.

   She brushed a strand of Melody's hair from her face and leant in.  The
girls' lips touched in a tentative kiss.  Within seconds, they were kissing
deeply and Melody's hand moved up to Mirabelle's shoulder.  She ran her
hand lightly down Mirabelle's chest and traced her finger over her clothed
nipple.  Mirabelle let out a gasp as the kiss broke away.

   "I'm sorry," Melody said breathily.

   "No, it's ok.  Please don't stop, it feels lovely," Mirabelle said as
she closed her eyes.

   As they kissed again, Mirabelle let go of her inhibitions and began to
cup Melody's left breast.  She could feel the warmth of her skin as she
wondered where this would all lead.

   Guy looked in his mirror at what was unfolding in the back seat.  His
initial thought was how much he loved this job.  His second thought was of
the way the girls had giggled when they met him and how friendly they had
been.  Would they let him join in?  Guy thought his chances were pretty
good, so he slowly pulled the car over to the side of the road.

   Melody and Mirabelle parted as the car pulled to a stop.

   "What's happening?" Mirabelle enquired.

   "I don't know.  Maybe something has happened with the car," Melody
answered.

   At that moment the back door opened and Guy's face appeared.

   "I just couldn't concentrate on the driving any longer.  I had to come
back here for a closer look," he said.

   Mirabelle gave Melody a knowing glance.  "Would you care to join us
Guy?" she said with a very cheeky grin.

   Guy did not have to hesitate for a second before he stepped into the
back of the limo and shut the door.

   The girls began kissing again, this time with more fervour.  Guy knelt
in front of them and began to run his hands up Melody's thighs.  Her little
black dress rose under his grasp.  As she wiggled her bottom down the seat
a little, Guy rubbed his fingers lightly across her pussy.  Melody's thighs
parted at his touch and he could smell the scent of her excitement.  Guy
hooked his thumbs into her G-string and eased it down her legs.

   Mirabelle was paying attention to the top half of Melody, while Guy
concentrated down below.  She tugged on Melody's dress and pulled it over
her head and then unclipped her bra.  Her gorgeous tits sprung free as
Mirabelle gently kissed one of her nipples.  It became erect to her touch
as Mirabelle sucked more ravenously.  She took Melody's other breast in her
hand and massaged it.

   Melody began to groan softly as Guy pulled her hips towards him.  His
tongue worked its way along her pink lips, her juices tasted like heaven.
Darting in and out of her pussy, Guy worked his magic while Melody's hips
moved in time.

   "Take your dress off," Melody said to Mirabelle.  "I want to touch you."

   Mirabelle did as she was told and slipped her dress off, her skin
glowing against the rich red of her lingerie.  She arched as Melody leant
forward and ran her lips across Mirabelle's neck, closing her eyes and
drinking in the pleasure that was enveloping her.  Melody ran her finger
along the inside of Mirabelle's bra cup, pausing at her nipple.  She eased
Mirabelle's breast out of her bra and worked her mouth down her cleavage
until her lips closed over her friend's nipple, now fully erect with
anticipation.  Mirabelle reached behind and undid her own bra, desperately
wanting more.

   Guy parted from Melody, "I need to be inside you."

   He straightened up and undid his trousers.  His enormous erection
finally free, he moved in between Melody's thighs and rammed his cock into
her pussy.  She was so moist, this added to Guy's urgency.  He slipped in
and out, hands on either side of her hips, straining to keep from blowing
his load.

   "Don't come yet, please," Melody begged.  "I want this to last forever."

   Mirabelle then dropped to her knees, keen to join in the action.

   "May I?" she whispered to Guy.

   Guy pulled out and moved back slightly, allowing Mirabelle room to move
in on Melody.  It had been a while since Mirabelle had had the pleasure of
another woman and it was an experience she was looking so forward to.  She
began by running her index finger along Melody's slit, the juice guiding it
easily.  Mirabelle concentrated on Melody's clit, swelling under her
finger. She continued to rub it with her thumb as she moved in closer and
replaced her thumb with her tongue.  Mirabelle made sure she gave Melody
what only a woman could.  Her tongue flicked across Melody's enlarged
button; quickly so as to send her crazy.  Melody squealed and spread her
legs wider and wider as Mirabelle took her clit into her mouth and suckled
it.  Mirabelle had never done anything so pleasurable before and Melody
thought she would explode with the intensity.

   While Mirabelle introduced one, two, three fingers into Melody's pussy,
Guy moved around behind her.  He wrenched her G-string down as she
repositioned herself, her shaved pussy begging for him.  Guy ran his
fingers from front to back, the soft touch making Mirabelle whimper.  Guy
grabbed her hips and entered her from behind, his cock driving into her
with passion.  Mirabelle moaned with each stroke, his cock sliding against
her g-spot, her orgasm waiting to burst forth.

   Guy pulled out, certain he was about to come, wanting to prolong the
most amazing night of his life.

   Melody put her hands gently around Mirabelle's face and coaxed her up.

   "Lay back Mirabelle," she said softly.

   Mirabelle repositioned herself on the central floor of the limo as
Melody knelt in between her legs.  She rested her hands on Mirabelle's
knees and then ran them down the inside of her thighs.  Mirabelle raised
her hips and Melody lay on her front her head positioned over her friend's
dripping pussy.  It was time for her to repay the favour.  Melody licked
the length of Mirabelle's pussy, tasting her juice for the first time.  It
was like nothing she had ever experienced, so warm and slick.  There was
something familiar about it; the scent, the taste, the texture.  Being with
a woman was like being with yourself, you knew the right things to do and
nothing was intimidating.

   While Melody suckled on Mirabelle's clit, sending her so close to the
edge, Guy positioned himself over Mirabelle.  She grabbed his engorged cock
and slowly worked her hand up and down.  Guy clenched his buttocks as
Mirabelle's grasp increased.  She lightly toyed with his balls, making him
groan with desire.  She reached her head up slightly and ran her tongue
along the length of his shaft.

   "Fuck me!" Guy called out.

   "That sounds like a brilliant idea," Melody grinned as she looked up
from Mirabelle's pussy.

   "Your turn to get on the floor," Mirabelle winked at Guy.

   Keen to please (and to get his rocks off!), Guy lay on the floor. 
Melody straddled his cock as Mirabelle placed herself over his face. 
Melody bounced vigorously up and down on his shaft, while Guy reached his
tongue up into Mirabelle's pussy.  He mouthed her clit in between his gasps
of delight as he felt himself deep inside Melody.

   The girls were facing each other, the perfect opportunity to help each
other along.  They leant their faces into each other, kissing deeply and
with greater urgency.  They were all so close to climaxing.  Mirabelle
groped Melody's breasts as she threw her head back and Guy bucked his hips,
getting deeper and deeper into her.  He fervently tongued Mirabelle's pussy
until she was on the brink.

   "I can't hold on any longer," Mirabelle gasped as she finally had the
amazing orgasm that had been so far held at bay.

   "I'm there too, Mirabelle," moaned Melody, her movements more and more
urgent.

   The two girls came together in a scream of pure pleasure.

   It was now time to bring Guy to an equally incredible finish.

   The girls moved off him and told him to take a seat as they knelt on
either side of him.  Melody was known for her brilliant fellatio skills, so
she led.  She began by running her tongue along the length of his cock then
focused on the head.  Wrapping her wet lips around him, she sucked gently
at first.  Her tongue flicked around his girth while she took more of him
into her mouth.

   "Wow, you're fucking amazing!" Guy said in a barely audible voice.

   Melody continued to suck, her head bobbing in his lap.  At this point,
Mirabelle joined in on the action.  Melody worked on one side of his cock
while Mirabelle took care of the other.  Their lips joined at the top,
their tongues intertwined and then back down the sides of his shaft.  Guy
watched in amazement.  He couldn't believe this was happening to him, it
was like his own private porn show, but it was real, so incredibly real.

   Guy was on the verge of letting go.  "I'm coming," he said as the girls
took turns taking him deeply into their mouths.  Melody was the lucky one;
he was fully inside her mouth as his pulsating orgasm began.  His hips
bucked as his hot come shot down her throat.  She didn't spill a drop.

   They all sat back completely exhausted after the hottest session each of
them had ever experienced.

   "Well, I suppose I'd better get back to my job," Guy said with a smile.

   He pulled his trousers on and went back to the driver's seat.  The girls
wiggled back into their dresses and made an attempt to fix their hair and
makeup as the limo pulled back into the night traffic.

   Guy pulled up in front of the club and opened the door for the girls.

   "Well ladies, thank you for the best night of my life.  Here's my card
if you ever feel the urge for another special trip to the city," he said
with a cheeky grin.

   "Thank you, Guy," Mirabelle winked as Melody blew him a kiss.

   The girls entered the club and headed straight for the dance floor. 
They danced closely all night with knowing smiles on their faces.  This
night had been exactly what they needed.












   
