A Pair Of Panties
by James_Duncan

A younger exhibitionist take a further step.

Chapter 1

Anna walked back to John's garage, it wasn't a long walk, but knowing the bill she had to pay was not small, it made every step somehow more difficult. She should be able to afford it, just, but having not had much work during the pandemic, money was tight, and she'd had to skimp of nearly everything to make ends meet.

Getting the brakes fixed was going to wipe out nearly all her small reserve and with summer here, she'd been looking forward to enjoying a few things which were now going to have to wait. Never mind she thought, at least the car should be safe to get her to and from work, which was finally starting to pick up.

It was a Saturday, so only John himself was working, he'd had the car for a few days, but had been waiting on some parts for the brakes which had only come in this morning and kindly he'd agreed to finish the car this morning. She walked into the little office next to the garage and John looked up. Something about him, always brightened her day a bit, he was always friendly, always polite, but something in his eyes always made her feel slightly self-conscious, slightly exposed and somehow that always felt good, nervous, but good.

She knew he must be at least 20 years older than her, but something about him was so "manly", it was like somehow, he knew who she was, really saw her for what she was and being around him always made her tingle slightly, she didn't know why, but she knew she liked it.

"Morning Anna, it's all done and roadworthy for now, but unfortunately you've got other things that are going to need doing before long, at least two suspension bushes are on their way out and won't pass the next MOT, as well as the exhaust."

Anna groaned. "How much will they cost to get sorted?"

"The parts aren't that bad, around £120, but there's a fair bit of labour involved in changing the bushes, so the total bill, will likely be around £280. It's still on the ramp, so why don't I show you the problems?"

Having showed her the issues, John lowered the car down on the ramp. Anna knew it had to be done and sooner, rather than later. John clearly saw her crestfallen look.

"Money tight?" he asked.

"Yes, this one's nearly wiped out my little reserve and I'm not sure how long I will need to save that money up," she said quietly. "Works been so slow with the pandemic, I was hoping to get out some days this summer and have some fun, now this comes along."

"I can imagine," John answered gently. "I've been lucky, people still needed to have their cars fixed, so it's been mostly normal for me, but I know how hard it's hit other people. You still cleaning for people?" he asked.

"Yes, when I can, but so many people haven't wanted any done, they've either been stuck at home and doing it themselves, or not had enough money to pay someone else to do it for them. Even lowering my rates hasn't helped much."

"Well, how about we do each other a favour?" he asked. "I'm not that short currently and to be honest, I hate cleaning, so how about we do a labour trade? You come and clean my house for me, and I'll supply the labour for the jobs in exchange. Heck, come and clean the office here too and I'll supply the parts FOC, I really don't want you driving around in something that's not right."

"Really?" Anna asked.

"Really," John answered gently, "although when you look at my house, you may think I got the good end of the deal," he finished laughing.

"Thank you." Anna said grabbing him for a hug. "When do you want me to come and look at what you need doing?".

"It would have to be this afternoon, tomorrow, or an evening." John replied. "I'm here all-day Monday to Friday and Saturday mornings."

They settled on late tomorrow morning.

"Thank you so much." Anna said as she got in the car.

It was only when she got home, that she noticed a pair of her panties sitting on the passenger seat. It was the pair she had put in the glovebox the previous weekend when she had gone for a walk. But now they were on the passenger seat, blushing she realised that John must have gone in the glovebox for the locking wheel nut thing and had found them, picking them up, she realised that the gusset had stains from her arousal on it.

She wondered what he had done when he had found them, they were skimpy, had he noticed the stain on them? Had we wondered why they were there? Somehow the thought of John holding them and seeing them triggered a response in her and she giggled.

Nobody knew she loved walking in the woods wearing as little as she dared. She loved the feel of the breeze caressing her, the thrill that someone might see something they shouldn't, the thrill of wondering whether she would ever dare take more off.

The drive there always got her aroused, it was the reason why she always wore the panties on the way there, it prevented any mess and somehow slipping them off after she arrived always felt so naughty.

Thinking about John finding them had her very aroused, he hadn't seen a thing, but what might he be thinking, had his fingers stroked the gusset where her juices had pooled, had he sniffed her panties? Suddenly the thought of him pleasuring himself, thinking about her naked under her dress went through her mind and she felt the moisture start to ooze from her sodden quim.

How arousing would it be if she went to his house tomorrow without them on? Would he notice the lack of panty line, would he be wondering about what it would be like to lift the hem of her dress and see her wet pussy for himself. Would she dare?

She couldn't help herself, her hand had worked its way to her pussy on its own, diddling her clitty, teasing it as she thought and suddenly the orgasm took her, so strong she groaned, as the waves passed through her.

As she showered, she thought about it, she loved the thrill of the walks, but she'd never thought about exposing herself deliberately to anyone before, but the thought of doing it, the thought of doing it to John had her incredibly turned on. As she dressed, she decided she would go for a walk in the woods that afternoon, she was still so aroused at the thoughts that had been going through her mind. She found herself picking out a very short linen summer dress, with a tie sash that accentuated her curves, she loved the way it clung to her curves and accentuated everything, but she'd only ever dared wear it with panties. With her arms down, it came down, just below her bottom, probably only an inch or 2 from showing her off completely. If, however she raised her arms up, everything got displayed.

As she arrived at the woods, she took a deep breath and shimmied out of her panties, noticing the sodden gusset as she put them into the glovebox, wondering whether John would discover them there again.

Getting out of the car, she locked it and put the key in the small bag she wore over her shoulder, the strap, running down between her breasts, making her exposed and already hard nipples even more noticeable.

Walking into the woods, the cool breeze caressing her wet lips had her more aroused than she had ever been on one of her walks. The thought that even raising her arm to wave back at someone would risk showing them her shaven, wet pussy was ridiculously arousing. But the thought of exposing herself to John kept returning to her mind, somehow, she knew he wouldn't do anything even if he did see, unless she asked him to..

God, she thought, would you do that? Would you expose yourself, let him see you, maybe ask him to do something? She felt the juice start to ooze from her wet slit, she felt the trickles start to run down her inner thighs, where anyone looking would see them. It was so hard not to touch herself, not to let the floodgates open, she bit her lip as she walked, trying not to concentrate on her arousal, until finally it became too much.

She'd reached a part where the trees were thicker, where you couldn't see far, where you would hopefully hear someone coming. She couldn't help it, she leaned back against a tree and let her hand wander down, lift the hem of her dress, exposing her aroused sex for anyone to see. Slowly at first her fingers started to work their way into her sex, giving into the need to feel something penetrate her, ears alert for the sounds of anyone approaching, her eyes closed, her mind wandering to the thought of deliberately exposing herself to John. How would he react, would she glance over her shoulder at him, letting him know she knew he could see her? Would she see a bulge form in his trousers, would she see his hands reaching down to touch it through the material, how big was he? Would she let him know with her eyes that it was ok for him to show it as her fingers worked between her legs sliding between her inner lips, showing him her pink aroused sex even more fully.

Anna came hard, harder than she ever had, the juices positively flowed down her inner thighs as her legs nearly collapsed under her, uncontrollable moans escaping her lips emanating from deep from within her throat as she wondered how he would react. How far would she let him go, would he take her and push his hard cock into her welcoming hole, would he keep her bent over, pushing himself deep inside her, using her for his pleasure.

The sound of voices in the distance, brought her out of her reverie, she frantically pulled some tissues out of her bag and tried to mop up the juices on the inside of her legs, before dropping them in the undergrowth. Frantically she smoothed down her dress and stood up, trying to make herself look like something other than someone who had just come harder than she ever had. Stepping back onto the path, she could see a couple with their dog walking her way as she started back down the path towards the car park.

She wondered if she was as flushed as she felt, but the couple showed no sign of noticing, just saying "afternoon" as they walked past. Their dog though clearly caught her sexual scent as it strained at the leash, trying to get close to her.

John watched as Anna drove off, God she was pretty, so feminine, petite, curvy, but somehow still delicate, innocent. He was a man, of course he'd thought of her that way, how couldn't he? She'd been bringing her car to him for 3 years now, she always wore dresses, she always showed plenty of very fine leg, but somehow, she was sweet, lovely and innocent in her own way.

That was why finding the panties in the glove box had been so surprising, small, delicate, feminine, so appropriate to her, but why were they there? Why was the gusset stained with her juices? How aroused must she have been to leave that much of herself on them? What secrets was that gorgeous creature hiding?

The offer for a labour exchange had come out of his mouth before he'd even really thought about it. Yes, he wanted to help her, she clearly needed it, but he also wanted to see her more. He knew she was young enough to be his daughter, but he couldn't help wanting to see more of her, all of her, she was entrancing, intoxicating and now he had found the panties, he couldn't help himself, he wanted to know why.

Would she show him more? Would she tease him and reveal her secrets at all? He became very aware of his cock straining against his flies as he pulled down the shutter to close the garage up.

Sunday morning came and Anna fretted and fussed, what should she wear, would she dare show him as much as she'd thought about, finally she decided, she was going to at least partly chicken out, a short summer dress, no bra, sandals, but some small panties, just enough to cover her sex, just enough to show him without making it too awkward, just enough to test him and see how he reacted.

Once she'd driven over, she made sure her panties were correctly positioned, she didn't want them riding up and showing too much, or did she? The thought flushed her skin, made her nipples harden and her pussy moisten, God you slut she thought as she got out of the car.

John's house was modest, detached, reasonably secluded, but not that large, when he answered the door, she was a little surprised, she'd only ever seen him at work, dirty from working on cars. But now, he was casual, but still smart, his hair was brushed, his hands were clean, the tailored shirt he wore curved nicely in all the right places. He's made an effort she thought, is he thinking that way about me, what did he think about my panties she thought, she couldn't help but smile to herself.

"Something funny?" he asked playfully, making her blush.

"Just a silly thought." she answered giggling.

"Well come in, let me give you the tour, so you can see what I need." He said with a slight glint in his eye.

Get a grip woman she thought to herself, he just means the house, nothing more. Or does he.

She knew her nipples were straining against the material of her dress as they started going round the house, she kept glancing, trying to see if he was looking at her and just occasionally, she caught him glancing at her, examining her figure and that gave her a real rush. Somehow it felt so naughty, what would she do, would she lean forward to show down the front of her dress? Would he see her hard puffy nipples without the dress in the way?

Would she bend over to examine something low down, letting her dress ride up, showing him the gusset of her panties, would she dare to look over her shoulder to let him know she knew what he was looking at?

The house was clean she thought, unusual for a man, but it kind of showed that maybe his motivations for wanting her to clean it weren't that pure and that gave her enough courage.

When they got to his bedroom, she decided that the bed being a frame bed with plenty of space under gave her the excuse. She knew her panties were wet, she was aroused, and she knew they must be clinging to her, probably semi-transparent, but at least showing every single curve of her moist sex.

She knelt at the side of the bed, making sure her bottom was pointed towards him, her legs open slightly as she bent forward. Almost lifting her bottom in the air, she felt the dress ride up her bum, as she looked under the bed 'checking for dirt'.

He was silent, was he looking at her moist pussy, her breathing quickened, her skin tingled, somehow the thought of exposing herself like this to someone for the first time was so thrilling, she couldn't help herself, she glanced back over her shoulder trying to keep the most innocent expression. His eyes were locked onto her bottom, her dress had ridden up completely, the hem, right up to the waist band of her small panties, he could see her.

The look in his eyes sent a shiver down her spine, the desire displayed so openly, so significantly, the bulge in his trousers was large, stretching out to the side, almost to his hip. She knew she was flushed, as was he when she said gently, almost breathily.

"Nothing to worry about under there."

His eyes jerked towards hers, face flushed with embarrassment. "No, nothing he said with a croak in his throat."

She slowly got to her feet, not pushing the dress down till she had gotten to standing, enjoying the thrill, seeing him struggling to look at her, enjoying knowing that she had caused the large bulge in his trousers, thinking to herself that it was the most impressive bulge she had ever seen, making herself flush, feeling the material of her dress against her nipples, the gusset of her panties, clinging sodden to her sex, god it felt good she thought.

"Is there anything else I need to see?" she asked innocently.

"I don't think so." He answered awkwardly, self-consciously, shuffling backwards out of the bedroom door.

"Would you like a tea, coffee, anything else." he said over his shoulder as they walked down the stairs.

"Coffee please." Anna responded gently, wanting to reassure him she was ok, he'd seen.

As they walked into the kitchen, she asked, "where do keep your cleaning things?"

"In the cupboard under the sink." he said, pointing at the cupboard just to the right of where the kettle was.

Anna opened the cupboard, squatting down, leaning forward a little, allowing the front of her dress to fall slightly forward as the hem rode up again, exposing her panties from the front as her legs opened a little as she squatted, looking into the cupboard she deliberately opened her legs more as she leaned forward, making it look like she was looking at things further back in the cupboard.

She could feel the tension, she could feel his eyes gazing downwards at her, seeing her tiny panties only just covering up to the top of the V of her sex, she knew he would be able to see she was shaven, she knew he could probably see her nipples which were hardening by the second. She felt the cream starting to ooze from her sodden aroused pussy. Was it soaking the material, making it go translucent to his eyes?

She risked a glance upwards. He glanced away momentarily as her eyes came up, she kept looking into them, trying to let him know that it was ok for him to look, she wanted him to look. She saw the desire aflame in them as they looked back in her eyes before slowly returning to the front of her dress, before roaming down to her nearly exposed sex. She opened her legs more, whilst looking at him, feeling the material covering one of her labia, slowly peel away and slide between her lips. The thrill building in her was almost uncontrollable, he was looking at her half exposed shaven pussy, her sodden shaven pussy, seeing how excited she was, how ready she was. What would he do? What did she want him to do? What would she let him do?


Chapter 2

John was very curious when Anna arrived, as usual she was wearing a summer dress, but this one was even shorter than any he had ever seen her wear. Was she trying to let him know something, was this some kind of ploy to garner his attention? Whatever it was, it was certainly working.

He couldn't help himself, he had to look at her when he thought she wasn't looking. Anna, was he concluded, even more exquisite up close than he had realised. She clearly wasn't wearing a bra and the way the dress clung to her curves, only a blind person wouldn't notice the beautiful curve of her breasts as they pertly protruded, topped with clearly large nipples that stood to attention. The day wasn't even slightly cold, so he knew that this must be arousal.

She clearly had something of an exhibitionist streak, maybe that was the reason for the panties in the glovebox, but why was she suddenly displaying herself to him? Was it some kind of dare to herself, had knowing that he found the panties triggered something inside her and made her want to take it further?

When she had bent down at the side of the bed, letting her dress ride up, the only thing preventing her for being fully displayed and presented, was the clearly sodden panties barely covering her clearly shaven pussy. Her arousal was clear and although he had reflexively looked away when she looked innocently over her shoulder, he knew that she was doing it deliberately. She'd wanted him to see her that much was clear.

When she had squatted down at the cupboard, only a blind man would fail to notice her gorgeous, hard, erect puffy nipples clearly displayed as her dress fell a little forward, she clearly knew she was showing off her panties from the front, but even he hadn't expected her to ease her legs open more and cause one side of her swollen pink labia to become fully exposed. The way she looked at him, encouraging him to look as she gently bit her bottom lip told him everything. She was getting very excited by her own display, she wanted him to see more, but how much more?

Anna carried on looking at him, she couldn't help herself as she bit her lower lip, trying to contain the excitement welling inside her, smiling gently, so aroused at showing him so much. What would he do, what would he say, the look in his eyes said something, but just a few seconds of not knowing was driving her arousal levels to peaks she didn't know existed.

She could feel her clit throbbing, her nipples were harder, more protruding and aching more than they ever had in her life as she slowly stood up.

"You like showing off, don't you?" she heard John ask gently, as he turned back to the coffee mugs and picked them up, carrying them to the table.

"Yes." She murmured, nodding gently, unable to trust her voice.

"Is this more than you've ever done before?"

Anna, gazed at him, before nodding gently again.

"Is this for me, or because you love showing off so much?"

"Both." She found herself whispering demurely, before lowering her eyes.

A few seconds passed, but it felt like far longer to Anna, what was he going to say? Would he tell her he wanted to see more? What would she do? The only thing she knew for sure, was she was more turned on than she had ever been in her life, and she had no idea how far she would go.

"Take your panties off." He said in a gentle, but firm voice.

She couldn't help herself, she looked up into his eyes. They spoke volumes, desire, determination, strength and something else. Almost in a trance she smiled gently, as she lifted the hem of her dress, gently tucked her fingers into the sides of her panties and slowly pulled them down, gazing at him as he watched them slowly slide down her thighs.

"Give them to me." He commanded gently, but firmly.

Somehow it was the most erotic thing she had ever heard and gently squatting down, letting the dress ride up, showing him her sodden, shaven pussy, she picked them up, before stepping forward and placing them gently into his outstretched hand.

She watched as he gently squeezed the material. "They are very, very, wet Anna. You are a very naughty girl, aren't you?" he said in that gentle, but firm way she had never heard till today.

"Yes sir." The words came out before she even realised what she'd said, she blushed deeply as she realised, she had called him sir. Why had she done that? She didn't know, but somehow it had felt right, somehow it had intensified the arousal and she felt the orgasm trying to build in her even though she hadn't even touched herself.

"I don't think you looked in that cupboard properly Anna, I think you need to make sure you know what's in their better. I think you need to get down on your hands and knee's and look properly, don't you?"

She nodded mutely, before slowly moving to open the door and get down on all fours, with her bottom facing him. She felt the hem of her dress start to ride up, exposing her naked pussy to him, she couldn't help herself, she eased her knee's apart, opening herself for his viewing, pushing her bottom out displaying her sodden sex to him.

"Have you cum yet?" He asked

"No." she whispered hoarsely.

"You want to badly don't you Anna."

"Yes." She croaked, "please," her mind reeled as she heard herself whisper, begging please. God, why did I just beg him to let me cum, what is happening her mind shouted at her, but somehow her mind wasn't in control. Just that one word 'please', had tipped her right to the edge.

"Cum for me Anna." His soft voice commanded her. Somehow being told to, was the most erotic thing she had ever heard, it spoke to something deep inside her and the moment her fingertip touched her engorged clit, the floodgates to a huge orgasm opened.

The first wave made her catch her breath, holding it in, before she heard herself moaning and panting, she felt her pussy pulsing, trying to squeeze the cock that wasn't inside her, she kept her bottom pushed out, her legs open as the waves crashed through her. He must see! Her desire screamed at her as she felt the cream ooze and drip from her sodden pussy. Moments, blurred, the world seemed to stop somehow.

Her arms were nearly giving way as finally it started to subside, she was panting, flushed and drained, as she looked over her shoulder into those eyes. She could see the bulge in his trousers, even larger than it had been before, the tip of it across to his hip, but the look in his eyes would have had her legs go weak had she been standing. The desire was aflame in those eyes like nothing she'd ever seen, but also a will of iron, holding it in check, burned there.

"That was quite the show young lady." He whispered gently, "you are absolutely exquisite, as well as very, very naughty."

She couldn't help herself, she bit her lip, flushing, as she gazed at him, watching him drink in her naked exposed and very aroused sex. Would he show her that huge cock, would he come up behind her and push it inside her, take her and use her? She wanted that cock, her pussy hungered to be filled by it in a way she had never known.

"You want this don't you?" he said, gently running his fingers across the bulge in his trousers. "Showing off your lovely young pussy has it hungering, doesn't it?"

He knew! She thought and she found herself nodding in answer to him, "yes." She whispered breathily.

"Come sit and drink your coffee." He said with a strain in his voice.

Again, she found herself compelled to obey, as she slowly rose and sat opposite him, pulling the chair out so the table was not between them. She couldn't help herself, as she sat, she opened her legs, making her dress ride up, making sure he could see her sodden hungry pussy.

"I've never met such a natural exhibitionist." He said. "I've never seen anyone get so aroused by exposing themselves to others. I like it, a lot."

Anna tried to stifle the giggle that rose in her throat, as her eyes kept darting to the huge cock straining inside his trousers, wondering how it would feel to have it stretch her open wider than she had ever known. The thought clearly transmitted itself to her pussy, as she felt more cream welling inside her.

"Oh dear." He laughed. "A naughty little girl wants more, doesn't she? Now you've stepped over the edge, you want more don't you? Is it me that you want, or is it just that hungry young pussy needs filling and I just happen to be here?" He asked slightly more seriously.

"Both." Anna answered suddenly very self-conscious, suddenly realising how far she had gone, how caught up in the desire she was. She lowered her gaze from those eyes and closed her legs, feeling very vulnerable, feeling afraid somehow, he wasn't rejecting her, was he? She didn't want him to reject her, she wanted him to take her, why was this suddenly so confusing?

She felt his finger under her chin as he gently raised her eyes back to meet his, she glanced upwards and saw new emotion in those green piercing eyes, reassurance.

"I'm not rejecting you beautiful Anna. When you know it's me that you desire, when you are this aroused and all you can think about is me, then I will accept your gift, I will take you and make you mine, but not before." He said gently but firmly. "Do you understand?"

Thoughts flitted through her head as she heard the words, it made sense, he wanted her sure, he didn't want her regretting things, but it was the "make you mine" that hung in her thoughts. She knew it meant a lot more than just the words he said, the look in his eyes showed whole levels of meaning that were both incredibly arousing and also slightly frightening. Part of her wanted to run like hell, but another part of her was purring at the thoughts those words conjured.

Her mind whirled, she knew he had refused to take advantage of her, he had known he could have easily done so. She knew if he had, she would already be impaled on that huge cock and loving it. How many men would have not taken advantage of her arousal, her need? She knew the answer was very, very few and in that moment, she squished the desire to run.

"Yes," she answered gently. "I understand."

The look in his eyes told her she had made the right decision, the reassurance in them, the burning desire held in check by that will of iron. She knew deep down inside at least part of what he meant, but above all else, she knew she wanted to find out more.

His fingers gently teased the hair at the side of her face back behind her ear and she felt a shiver run down her spine at his gentle touch. "Don't forget your coffee, Anna." He said breaking the spell and bringing her back to normality.

They both laughed, breaking the tension, dragging the atmosphere in the room back to a semblance of normality at least.

"So, you think you can cope with cleaning my messy house?" he asked with a light tone in his voice.

"Oh, I think I can cope, what day would you like me?" she replied playfully.

"I think Saturday afternoon, would give you enough time to cater to my needs, don't you?" he answered slightly mockingly.

Anna felt herself laughing, the tension somehow draining out as things became lighter and it felt good. They sorted out all the details of the cleaning and talked generally about things, the conversation flowed naturally, and she felt like they both relaxed.

"So come on then," he asked, "are you going to tell me the story of how that pair of your panties ended up in the glovebox?" he asked playfully.

Shyly at first Anna told him about her walks in the woods, he just smiled, nodded and encouraged her to talk, it didn't feel even slightly awkward telling him how much she enjoyed potentially showing off and even when telling him about the most recent walk, she didn't blush too badly.

"So that was what brought on today, was it?" he asked teasingly.

"Yes, not that I had intended it to go anywhere near as far as it did," she replied blushing. "It was like something came alive in me, the more I knew you saw, the more I wanted to show you. God this is embarrassing." She laughed.

"You have nothing to be embarrassed about Anna," John replied. "You get turned on by exposing yourself and by being told what to do and there is nothing wrong with that. I'm just honoured, that you chose to show yourself to me. You are stunning, lovely and incredibly sexual Anna, never be embarrassed about it. Although I am thinking that I might have to get you a cleaning outfit for you to wear when you clean my house, would you like that?"

Anna found herself blushing again. "I think so." She replied demurely, glancing up at him through her eyelashes, feeling her nipples hardening at the thought.

They finished the coffee and John walked her back out to her car, holding open the door for her and watching her climb into the seat, Anna could feel the arousal building inside her again under his gaze and knew she would have to do something about it as soon as she got home.

"You might want these?" he asked, holding out her still moist panties to her.

"I think I'd like you to keep them." She answered blushing.

"Oh, you are just too naughty aren't you." John answered gently as he kissed her cheek, making her glow.

The next week dragged by for Anna, no matter what she did, she found her mind wondering about Saturday afternoon, what 'uniform' would he have for her, how much would she be revealing, what would she do. She lost track of the times she had to relieve the feelings of arousal, thinking about being exposed again, thinking about being told what to do. Each time she kept coming back to the look in his eyes, the things she had said, the things he had said, and it was always those that triggered by far the most satisfying orgasms.

Saturday morning came and she found herself worrying about what was coming, fretting over what to wear, worrying about her makeup, some things were easy to resolve like showering and making sure she was properly shaved, but she must have done her makeup and hair at least 5 times, before she was happy. She didn't want to wear lots, but she also wanted him to know she had made the effort and finding the right balance was hard.

Dressing was easy, she chose the shortest summer dress she had, with no underwear and a nice pair of strappy sandals with a modest 3-inch heel.

She nearly jumped out of her skin, when her mobile beeped that she had a text message. She opened it, saw it was from John and read it.

"I hope you are looking forward to this afternoon, I know I am. When you arrive, come round to the back door and go into the kitchen, your uniform and instructions are waiting for you on the kitchen table. I expect you to follow the instructions to the letter and hope you enjoy doing so. I will be in the garden, so if you have any questions once you are appropriately attired, you can come and ask. John"

Anna couldn't help herself, she re-read the message several times and every time she came to "I expect you to follow the instructions to the letter", she felt her nipples harden and her pussy moisten.

The short drive to his house, was uncomfortable, her dress rode up and anyone who looked in the car would probably be able to see her pink wet lips showing under the hem, but it was the feeling of nervous excitement welling within her that made it uncomfortable, she just wanted to be there, but likewise she was so nervous, part of her wanted to run away and say she was ill or something.

She was very glad she had thought to put a towel down on the car seat, because the moisture within her was building far more than it did when she went for one of her walks, the seat would have been stained but for the towel.

She drove past his house about 3 times, before she finally plucked up the courage and turned into his driveway.

Getting out of the car, she walked down the side of the house and round to the back door, memories of what she had already done in the kitchen intruding into her thoughts, her nipples were painfully erect, her pussy was so wet, and all her mind could think about was John seeing her, all of her again.

She could see John in the garden as she rounded the corner of the house, his back to her, mowing the grass in a pair of shorts and trainers, she could see the toned muscles rippling across his back and arms as he walked, the muscled calves moving as he walked, he certainly had a nice body she thought as she turned into the kitchen.

On the table, was an A4 sheet of paper with writing on it, sitting atop a tea towel, which was obviously covering up things underneath. She picked up the piece of paper and read.

"To my very naughty girl.

Underneath you will find two 'uniforms' I have selected for you. It is entirely up to you which option you chose to wear, although I think you will know which one I prefer.

I have particular tastes, especially when it comes to women, you are exquisite, lovely, beautiful and so innocent in so many ways and although I desire you more than I can begin to explain, I will not compromise on certain things, one of which is what I mentioned last week.

Before you chose which uniform you wish to wear, remember that wearing it, you will act as though you were wearing normal clothes. You will not hide from the windows whilst you work, if someone see's you, you will carry on as though nothing was even slightly unusual.

Now pull back the cover and make your choice, I look forward greatly to seeing which option you have chosen and trust you will wear that option with pride.

John

Anna felt her hands shaking as she pulled back the tea towel and revealed the options underneath. She giggled slightly as she examined the first option. It was a beautiful black and white corset, with matching black lace tie side panties, a suspender belt and stockings, the corset included bra cups that might allow her nipples to be covered and the thong, although sheer would cover her moist sex.

She blushed as she examined option two, this one was another corset, but this time black and red, the bra cups would push her tits up, but it was clear that her nipples would be proudly displayed, not covered. The panties were beautiful, with gorgeous detailing on the front panel and the rear tiny triangle, but they weren't just open at the crotch, there was no crotch, only the straps, running from the bottom of the panel to join just at the rear tiny triangle, wearing these, she wouldn't just not be covered, they would draw attention to her most intimate parts and display them provocatively.

Both options were beautiful, feminine and clearly expensive, every time she considered the black and white option, her thoughts wandered to the thought that she wouldn't be displayed to John or anyone else and after not long, she made her choice, the thought that if she wanted to ask any questions, she would have to walk into the garden like it had her breathing hard as she took off her dress and started putting her 'uniform' on.

It was when she turned the corset over, that she found another note.

"Dear naughtiest girl.

I know how much this arouses you, but my final instruction is as follows. You will not relieve your arousal, I require you to complete your work before anything else is allowed to occur, it doesn't matter how aroused you get, you will not touch yourself without my permission whilst you are here.

If you find you are going to be unable to hold yourself back, you will come and ask for permission to cum, but I will expect you to ask properly.

John

Anna felt the arousal within her intensify as she read his words, she was already nearly dripping cream from her pussy and her nipples were already iron hard, her hands trembled as she picked up the black and red corset and finished dressing in her 'uniform'.

John had placed a mirror on a stand in the kitchen clearly for her to use as she used it to finish adjusting herself. The corset lifted her breasts and supported their undersides, but the covering stopped a good half an inch below her engorged pussy nipples.

She adjusted the panties, till the front panel stopped just above the opening of her V and the straps were snug between her thighs and her outer labia, god, they did display her and whether it was her arousal, or whether it was something the panties did, her outer labia were swollen, bright pink and parting to allow her inner lips to protrude teasingly through. Her hood was pushing past her outer labia and the tip of her bright red clit was trying to push its way past her hood. She had never seen herself so blatantly displayed like this and she loved it, she wanted underwear that showed her off like this, she wanted to be seen like this, she wanted John to see her like this. Would that self-control waiver, would he be unable to resist what was displayed to him?

Steeling herself for a moment, she walked out the back door into the sun, sashaying her hips, she walked towards where John was, with his back to her, as she got closer, she stopped, wanting him to get the full and proper view as he turned round, she wanted to see his self-control waiver, maybe even break, but above all she wanted to be seen.

As John turned with the mower and his eyes saw her, he stopped, releasing the handle on the mower the engine died, Anna could see his jaw tighten, his eyes burst into desire with an intensity way beyond what she had seen last week, she watched as his shorts stretched to accommodate his rapidly enlarging cock and she saw his throat move as he reflexively swallowed.

"I love my 'uniform' John," she said with confidence. "Who makes them?"

She could see the control being re-exerted in his eyes, his cock was bulging as he adjusted it and she watched and licked her lips teasingly as she saw it stretched out all the way to his right hip, the shorts showed that it wasn't just long, it was also clearly thick, and she knew she wanted to him fill her. She could feel the moisture start to drip from her inner lips as she moved her legs apart a little more to give him a better view.

"Lola Luna," he said in a slightly strained voice, his eyes fixed on her nipples as they strained to push even further out.

Anna, smiled inwardly to herself, good, that self-control can only last so far, she thought as she revelled in her body being displayed.

Turning, she walked back towards the house, swaying her hips, inviting his eyes with her bottom and loving the feeling of the sun, breeze and eyes on her body.

Anna had never loved cleaning as much as she had to today, doing it whilst wearing her new uniform turned it into a game, she enjoyed being by the windows, John's house might be secluded, but there was every possibility someone would see her. As she cleaned, she found herself posing as she did, trying out new and different ways to push her breasts out, display her bottom, gives teases and glimpses of the treasure between her thighs and sometimes wantonly displaying it, feeling her inner lips peel apart to displaying the entrance to her fertile hole.

Every time she did it, she found herself hoping John would come in and see her, that she would feel his hands grasp her hips from behind, open her legs and force her sodden pussy to accept that huge cock of his into her depths, that he would stretch her wide and make her take every single inch and that he would take her, make her his.

When she found herself in his bedroom, she found herself thinking all kinds of naughty thoughts, being thrown onto the bed, pinned down and forced to surrender. As she daydreamed her arousal increased and that was when she noticed the rope looped around one of the beams of the bed, she bent down, pushing her pussy out to display it as she examined the rope. It was soft, not rough and was looped around the bed, with lengths disappearing off under the bed.

She suddenly realised what it was and suddenly her mind was thinking about being tied down on the bed, exposed, powerless and unable to stop him doing anything to her. She stopped her hand as it instinctively reached to caress her wet folds, oh my, she thought as her arousal heightened.

Trying to control the arousal, feeling the orgasm inside her trying to make her release it, she switched her attention to the chest of drawers, dusting it, making sure each drawer edge was cleaned. Opening the bottom drawer got her attention, leather straps, handcuffs a riding crop. She couldn't help herself as she gradually examined the items within the drawer, most of them it was clear what they were, some, less so. Anna was no sexual innocent, but some of the items were not obvious as to their use.

One particular thing caught her eye though as she lifted it, trying to work out what it was. She could see it was leather, with buckles, and adjusters and finally turning it around she realised what it was. It was a garment, designed for a woman, made of nothing but leather straps. Finally working out how it would fit, she realised that anyone wearing it would be completely exposed, completely open and fully on display. It was fairly heavy and her mind raced, thinking about how the leather and metal rings felt in her hands and how it would feel on her skin.

She laid it out, trying to work out exactly how it would fit, realising that things like the rings that clearly went around the breasts, were adjustable, her mind thought about what it would be like to wear such a thing, how would it feel if she wore it whilst she cleaned, what would John's reaction be, would he show he what the other things did, would be spank her with the crop, omg you slut she thought, but she couldn't help herself, the thought made her smile.

Finding these things had her arousal at fever pitch, walking was getting difficult as her lips rubbed against her clit, fuelling her arousal more, she knew she was close to Cumming and she remembered his instruction, she still had the bathroom to do and doing it without breaking the rule would be near impossible now her imagination had been lit and her mind kept thinking about things he might do to her.

The arousal in her was making her feel even more decadent, she knew she couldn't finish the cleaning without Cumming, the thought of having to ask for permission was perverse, but also incredibly arousing. She couldn't help but think about the huge bulge in his trousers as she walked down the stairs, she really wanted to see that big cock free, the more she thought about it, the more she wanted to crack that self-control he displayed, make him take advantage of her, the thought that he might fill her more than she had ever been filled had her clenching her thighs as she walked through the kitchen, don't cum she kept whispering to herself.

John was watching as she walked out, he was sitting in a chair on the patio, she didn't dare sway like she wanted to, it would send her over the edge and as much as she needed to cum, she also didn't want to disobey his instructions.

"Are you Ok, Anna?" he asked with a small smile on his lips.

"No, not really," she answered, desperate to see that control slip, even if only for a moment.

It felt like her body was in heat, she needed to cum more than she ever had.

"I'm not going to be able to finish, without finishing first," she said with a pleading tone in her voice.

"Are you that aroused then my naughty little girl?" he asked gently, but with a slightly smug expression on his face, despite the huge bulge in his shorts.

"Yes," she whispered through gritted teeth.

He sat there, not saying anything and eventually Anna knew she couldn't wait.

"Please may I cum sir?"

"Of course, my darling little slut, he whispered gently.

Why on earth did it feel so good to hear him call her a slut, it shouldn't, but it did, she knew she was being a slut, she knew she wanted to be a slut for him, but her mind railed against the word somehow.

She sat gently opposite him, gazing in his eyes, as she spread her legs and showed him fully her needy pussy. His gaze drifted gently downwards, lingering for a moment on her rock-hard big nipples and swollen teats, before gently descending to her sodden pussy.

"You look exquisite Anna," he said as his eyes drank in her totally aroused sex, she glanced downwards and almost gasped at the sight of her pussy. Her arousal, and the underwear had combined to make her outer labia swell even more, they were deep red and so swollen, open fully like a flower, her inner labia were more swollen and protruding than she had ever known, swollen, almost purple and engorged and her clit had pushed its purple hard head beyond her hood and her she was open and a sluttish invitation to be filled.

She was desperate to cum, but she wanted to crack that self-control just for a moment. Holding her hands away from her pussy she bit her lip and spoke. "Please sir, make me cum." As she looked desperately into his eyes. Yes, she thought, as she saw the control slip a little.

"Make me cum sir." She whispered again, pushing her pussy forward. "I want you to make me cum sir."

She could see his cock twitching in his shorts as the control slipped a bit more, he rose and crossed the two steps between them.

"Please, make me cum just for you." She whispered fiercely, "I need it."

She saw the hunger in his eyes flare, she saw the bulge in his shorts twitch as he knelt between her legs, pushing her legs wide open, he suddenly lunged for her sex with his mouth, she felt his mouth clamp of her sodden sex and he suddenly sucked her clit hard into his mouth as he grabbed her legs with his arms and pinned them open, truly eating her sex.

The orgasm ripped through her as she felt his teeth clamp around the base of her clit, she thrashed as like a flood it ripped through her, she could feel herself squirting juices all over his face as her body was wracked my spasms. He flicked her little nub back and forth with his tongue as he held it clamped between his teeth, wave after wave ripped through her, time seemed to blur, the orgasm kept coming, only his arms clamping her in place stopped her falling off her chair, she whimpered, she moaned and eventually a fully throated scream erupted from deep inside her as all the restraints released and she gave into the enormity of the orgasm taking her.

Finally, she felt him ease his grip on her clit, felt the flicks slow, gradually allowing her to start to slowly come down from the peak. Just as she thought she would be able to get her breath, he sucked even harder, clamped down on her clit even harder and pressed it hard against his teeth with his tongue. She shrieked as he forced her back to even higher heights, gushing juices all over his face, squirting jets from her pussy, huge spasms wracked her and somewhere deep in the throws, she heard herself begging him to stop, begging him to release her, she couldn't take anymore.

She felt him gently lower her legs, as she came down from the peaks, panting, slick with sweat she moaned as the animal lust slowly eased down, she couldn't help herself, she reached for his shorts, frantically trying to undo his belt. "Fuck me, John." She pleaded, put that huge cock in my pussy, I need it, I need you.

As he stood, she reached forward, undoing the belt, pulling his shorts down and releasing his cock. It sprang to attention right in front of her, long, thick, veiny, pre cum leaking from the end of it, it was huge, way bigger than any cock she had ever seen in real life and a match for most porn star cocks, but somehow still gorgeous, she gently teased back his foreskin, her eyes widening as she released the huge purple helmet hiding beneath, his shaft was thick and long, but that helmet was wider, it would stretch her wider than she had ever been stretched and she knew beyond anything that she wanted to be fucked, she wanted to be taken truly.

"Take me John, make my tight little pussy yours." She whimpered as she tried to pull that big cock towards her sodden hole.

"Is it my pussy now?" he asked in a commanding but gentle voice.

"Yes," she whimpered, "fuck your pussy, make it yours, make it please you."

She almost sighed with relief as he knelt between her thighs, grasping her. "Guide it inside my pussy." he said urgently. Grasping the shaft, she guided him to the entrance to her, no wait, his pussy, lining him up. Slowly he pushed his hips forward and she felt his helmet connect and start pushing, her labia parted and stretched as his huge cock slowly forced its way inside her body. She whimpered in pure lust as she felt herself stretching wider and wider, it felt like she was being split in two, until finally she felt his helmet pop past the final resistance and she felt him bury it into her depths, in one, long slow amazing stroke.

She gasped as his helmet connected with her cervix, pushing against it as more and more cock pushed its way inside her, until finally she felt his pelvis connect with her clit and she had taken it all.

Slowly he started to withdraw, the sensations were amazing, until only his very tip was still between her wet folds, whimpering at the feeling of it leaving, she gasped as he drove it all the way back inside her, slamming into her clit and forcing her to orgasm yet again.

That seemed to be his cue to truly fuck her, every thrust drove more pleasure, more waves through her, his pelvis crushing her clit, his helmet banging her cervix and Anna surrendered to the feelings, harder and faster he took her, her pussy was his now and she knew it.

"Cum for me," she whimpered, "cum in your pussy, own it, use it."

He rammed it back inside harder than ever as a guttural groan escaped his lips, she felt him twitch in her depths, she felt the first jet of seed splash her cervix as she came hard, milking him, pulling him deeper into her, demanding all of him, all his seed in her depths.

She whimpered as she felt him hold her, pick her up and carry her inside, impaled on his still hard cock, she just clung on and whispered, "just you inside me, just you."

She couldn't help herself, she giggled slightly as one of his hands stroked her back, tickling her spine as he whispered, "now your mine."

