An Early Education Gay, M,M,M,b

   By Rob Loveboy

   Edited by Len Homber

   Pierre wasn't really a blood uncle, my mom was from the French Canadian
school of beliefs that children never called an adult by their first name,
it was Mr.  and Ms.  or aunt and uncle, it didn't matter that Pierre was
only twenty-one.  Pierre was a resident of Quebec City and a student at
Montreal's McGill University staying with us.  Mom was a widow who decided
to open our modest home as extra income to students who needed housing.

   Pierre was a very nice person and good looking, or so mom said once to a
friend of hers.  He had the bedroom next to mine.  I often saw him come and
go from the bathroom directly across from my room.  I was eleven and eight
months old at the time and strangely curious about the large pouch that
must have been heavy enough to weigh down the waistband of his briefs
causing it to bow.  I would sit on my bed every night waiting for the
two-second thrill.

   My cock began to bone up in anticipation, I had no idea why, but found
it felt rather pleasurable to touch and wondered not only what was hiding
in Pierre's briefs, but how big it would grow and what it would be like to
feel.  Sometimes he wore red sweatpants and t shirt around the house, the
bulge quite noticeable on those occasions the only difference, it would
sway when he walked and I could make out a jutted length of what had to be
his cock, even the slight ridge that I suspected he was circumcised as most
of us quebecois guys were.

   Pierre was quite good to me, playing catch or shooting hoops in my
backyard.  I loved those days when he wore those orange sweats to play, me
in my jeans that hid my boners on those occasions.  If Pierre noticed my
ogles, he never said anything, but sometimes he would briefly smile at me
for no reason.

   "May I take Claude camping for the weekend, Madame Gerard?" he asked at
dinner one night.  "I'm meeting some friends at a campground in the
Laurentian Mountains and thought Claude might like to come along."

   I was ecstatic.  "Please mama, please may I go?" I begged until she
reluctantly gave her blessing.

   "You use lots of bug spray.  I've told you mosquitoes carry all kinds of
diseases." she warned.  My mother had a phobia about the little pests.

   "Qui, mama."

   "I will be sure of it, madame." Pierre said.

   I had never been camping before and was very excited about it.  The
Friday afternoon we loaded his small Datsun with supplies and headed off
for the three hour journey stopping for groceries at a supermarket.

   "Camping grub." Pierre said of the smokie hot dogs, cans of Spam to be
fried, and other easy cooked food including marshmallows over a campfire
for snacks.

   The tenting area of the campground was hardly occupied.  His four
friends, Jacques, Georges, Rene, and Francois, seemed friendly towards me,
Francois passing me a beer along with Pierre as we set up a small nylon
tent.  Another first for me, making me feel grown up and Pierre saying
nothing about it.  Later we had a campfire and roasted smokies on sticks
placed in buns once they were cooked to a golden brown and black, oops.

   It was very late when we all walked the short distance to the beach and
had a swim before bed.  I was shocked when Rene took off his shorts and
swam naked.  It was dark, but I did catch a glimpse of his manhood in
contrast to his white untanned skin that looked like he was wearing briefs.

   Back at camp I modestly took off my wet bathing suit in the tent and put
on a loose pair of shorts before rejoining the young guys around the fire
roasting marshmallows.  They were all students and talked much of their
studies, Pierre gave me another beer so as not to be left out.

   Everyone retired to their tents.  Jacques and Georges shared one and
Rene and Francois another.  I crawled into the small space and got under my
sleeping bag, Pierre on his knees removed his wet shorts and tossed them
out of the tent, all I saw was his rear end and a moment of his genitals
before he tossed his sleeping bag over his naked body and turned off the
lantern.

   "Bonne nuit, mon ami." he said.

   "Bonne nuit, mon oncle." I replied, quickly remembering he told me to
call him Pierre while camping ...  "Pierre, excuse et moi!"

   Pierre hadn't bothered to zip up his sleeping bag.  He was lying on his
back, his left side exposed a by a few inches.  After my eyes adjusted to
the darkness I stared at his bare skin a long time in wonder of what was
only inches from being seen.  My cock was so hard it ached.  Lying on my
side I used my thumb and index finger to stroke it up and down slowly.  The
feeling was amazing.  Hearing Pierre breathing steadily indicated he was
fast asleep, earlier saying that he always slept soundly while camping.

   My mind was reeling with thoughts of lifting the sleeping bag away a few
inches to see his stuff, if he woke during the night he would think it
accidental.  I pinched the zipper and dared slowly and carefully to the
right.  I caught my breath, there before me was Pierre's long fat cock
leisurely resting on his left thigh and ping pong-size balls to the right.
I admired his black pubic hair, the only hair on his body besides his head.
I shimmied down in my bag to get a better look, my face no more than six
inches away from what I had been fantasizing over for months.  "Beautiful
manhood." I thought, more impressive than I ever imagined.

   Thinking I had been caught, Pierre had only rolled onto his side, the
view all the more spectacular, I was sure he would feel my breath as close
as I was then.  My hand enveloped my cock and rubbed it faster discovering
masturbation for the first time and finding the sensations incredibly
wonderful.  A strange feeling soon overcame my entire body lasting but a
few seconds.  I didn't know then that I had experienced a dry orgasm, I
wasn't frightened about it, only confused and hoping for another.

   Very carefully I slithered a hand forward at a snail's pace until the
tips of my fingers felt the warmth of his cock.  Pierre was still sound
asleep, with every ounce of courage my hand wrapped around it.  So soft and
meaty, I associated the texture to that of Playdough

   Either I had became very foolish or maybe didn't care, the tip of my
tongue grazed over the crown tasting a little salty.  I could feel the
shaft expanding in my hand before it expanded ...  Pierre was getting an
erection!  I watched in awe as it took on a new shape and size, the length
maxed at about seven or maybe eight inches long, I could barely touch my
finger to my thumb.

   I continued to lick the thick head and even dared to dip the tip of my
tongue in the moist slit.  Something wet and sweet tasting oozed, I licked
more of it.  No idea what it was, but I knew it wasn't pee by the gooey
texture.

   Pierre's breathing became louder and shorter.  Coming to my senses in
fear, I moved back a couple of feet thinking he was waking up from the
attention I was giving him.  "Don't stop, Claude." he whispered softly. 
"It feels nice."

   I was speechless, unable to breathe.  Pierre took my hand and placed it
back on his shaft, his hand tight over top and began stroking it from the
head to the base where his short curly hair brushed the heel of my hand. 
"Sucer mon gros, mon ami."

   He didn't have to ask twice, I sucked like he wanted not even knowing
what a blowjob was, never mind that people did those things at the time but
soon finding out.  I loved it in my mouth as deep as I could stand it. 
Pierre gave me some pointers and it wasn't long before I was sucking like a
pro and licking his shaved balls.

   Pierre turned on the lantern and had me get on top of him, removed my
shorts and played with my four-inch slender dick and bum hole telling me
how big I was for my age which eased my inhibitions of being naked in front
of him.  Being much taller, he bent my cock down and under so as he could
strain his neck to suck it and lick my balls and hole.  What a rush that
was, I never knew a bum hole could be made to feel that splendid and his
warm mouth was heaven-like on my genitals.

   "Okay stop, Claude!" he suddenly blurted.  "Arret maintenant!"

   I thought I had done something wrong, however, he only wanted to let me
to watch him cum.  I was totally in awe as long white goops shot from his
slit high in the air and and landed on his chest and belly that he told me
to taste so as when he did it in my mouth I would know what it was ...  I
licked the entire mess off his body.

   Pierre joined our sleeping bags and we slept naked together the rest of
the night, my hand never leaving his genitals.  I got a lesson in sex that
night, it was like the seventh wonder of the world was finally realized, I
had led a very sheltered life, my mom was a staunch God fearing Catholic
and sex was never discussed in our home

   Pierre gave me a blowjob in the morning taking his time until I had
another miraculous orgasm.  Returning the favor lying between his legs, I
almost died when he said, "Bonjour, Francois."

   I jerked my head to the side to see Francois' head inside the tent.  He
giggled and said, "Can anyone join this party?"

   I was intimidated at first watching Francois remove his underwear, his
cock wasn't as long as Pierre's, but just as fat.  He lay beside me and I
jerked him off until Pierre was finished then sucked him as Pierre worked a
finger deep in my hole.  The astonishments never seemed to end, I learned
about the prostate gland at the mercy of Pierre's finger.

   Francois didn't quite taste the same as Pierre, his load was rather tart
in comparison.  Nonetheless, I swallowed every bitter drop.  I was erect,
Francois sucked me off saying the same as Pierre, I had a big dick for my
age.  I only wished I could make the white stuff and have pubic hair,
Francois assured me that it wouldn't be long and to jerk off as often as
possible to stimulate early puberty.

   Rene and Francois had a larger tent than us.  I found out later that
Pierre had originally planned to bunk in with them.  "Were you all going to
have sex?" the words slipped out making me feel like a stupid kid.

   Francois looked at Pierre who shrugged and replied, "Oui, mon ami. 
Where do you think I go most Friday nights?" he and Francois laughed.

   "We are all gay, Claude.  So are Jacques and Georges." he said with a
smile.

   "I guess I'm gay, too?" I asked.

   "Maybe, maybe not.  Only time will tell.  Right now you're just
curious." Pierre said.  "Very curious indeed!" he laughed.

   When we crawled out of the tent the three other guys were building a
fire to fry breakfast in a large cast iron skillet, all in their underwear.
The looks they gave us with knowing grins embarrassed me a little and I
felt flushed.  Pierre walked naked to his car and fetched a pair of shorts,
Francois was also naked outside putting on his underwear, a little more
modest, I had put my shorts back on in the tent wishing I hadn't, following
Pierre and Francois' lead I could have added to my status as a carefree one
of the guys, after all, I was adjusting well to being seen nude and there
had only been positive reinforcement that I had something to be proud of
between my legs.

   I learned much about gay people that day just by listening.  Jacques and
Georges were like boyfriend and girlfriend I concluded, only they were both
boys.  Francois and Rene were only good friends who fooled around with each
other ...  and sometimes Pierre included on Friday nights, of course, the
term "fuck buddies" was mentioned periodically, I wasn't sure what that
meant ...  as well as orgies ...  until that night.

   Pierre and me stayed with Francois and Rene in their tent that night, a
cock buffet!  Rene was every bit as large as Pierre but uncut, my first
experience with foreskin that I found kind of funny looking, nonetheless, I
liked the way it slid over his knob so fluidly.  The men had me stand, Rene
and Pierre devoured my genitals and Jacques licked my bum hole ...  what a
feeling!

   Minutes later Pierre and Jacques urged me to my hands and knees. 
Jacques tossed what appeared to be a small banana to Rene.  Straining my
neck, I saw it was in fact a banana and Rene was rubbing something wet and
shiny on it.

   "Oowie!" I screamed.  "Oowies, it hurts!" Pierre and Jacques held me
from crawling like a dog forward.  "Take it out ...  please?"

   "Take it, Claude." Pierre whispered in my ear trying to reassure me, his
hand stroking my hair.  "Don't struggle ...  it'll feel good soon.  I
promise."

   My arms collapsed, my knees kept my bum in the air.  God it hurt. 
Jacques put his cock at my lips.  I wanted to prove I was one of the guys
and opened my mouth, it was all I could do not to bite him, all I did was
clench my lips on his meat, he managed the rest pumping in and out with the
same force Rene was shoving the banana up me.

   I felt Rene's hands on my hips, a whole new hurt inflicted my ass a
second later.  I squealed like a pig rearing my head back off Jacques cock
fighting off tears refusing to cry.  Jacques forced my head back on his
manhood, his long balls slapping my jugular.  I peered at Pierre hoping for
some kind of mercy and got nothing but a smile and thumbs up like he did at
my soccer games when I was playing well ...  and it only encouraged me to
do my best getting fucked for the first time and concentrate on sucking the
cock in my mouth ...  and comforted holding Pierre's cock in my hand while
Rene used the banana on him.

   Jacques was next.  His larger cock hurt but not near as much, Pierre's
familiar meat in my mouth so reassuringly nice and so wanting to please him
and Jacques, Rene jerking me after stimulating me erect again after a short
pause of painfully losing my virginity.  I never thought I was being used
at the time, only thinking how lucky I was that my new friends were
teaching me things I needed to know much sooner than later.

   All three men fucked me more than once.  I was very sore and my jaw
ached in the morning after only a few hours of sleep and blowing each of
them again, my mouth musty tasting and dry.  That night I bent over a log
beside the fire and repeatedly gangbanged sucking off all five men, my
chest was scraped and bleeding when it was over ...  I loved every minute
of it!

   When we were driving home Pierre told me he often saw me looking at his
basket knowing I was curious and vulnerable.  Sharing me with his friends
wasn't planned, it just happened, he claimed.  I had no regrets and told
him as much.

   Pierre would often sneak into my room at night for sex.  Getting
careless, we got caught by my mother in a heat of passion with my legs in
the air and Pierre fucking me.  That was the last I saw of the young man,
mom threw him out that very night even though I begged her not to, the only
reason she didn't call the police.

   Two months later Joelle moved in ...  a story for another time other
than to say I was very good at seducing the single men who stayed at my
house ...  gay or straight.  In high school I was also sucking off certain
trusted friends and fucked by a few ...  however nothing ever compared to
my weekend camping avec Pierre et ses amis!

   THE END ...

   Feedback cherished, robloveboy2@gmail.com
   For more true Loveboy stories, visit my website, robloveboy.ca
