am Saroja. I am 32 and 5'4", fair, medium built and the striking feature is my figure. I have nice big 34" boobs that never sag with big aureoles and taut nipples. My waist is 30". I have ass that is bigger than my waist and is 36". The secret behind my big boobs is that I allow my husband to handle them regularly. He would pull at them, bite the nipples and do anything he wish to it, but before my husband is finished with boobs, he is useless, he ejaculates about 2 times just on my boobs and left with hardly anything to fuck my ass or even my pussy.

Now days, my husband hardly manage to satisfy my sexual appetite. It was at that time, three months back, my hubby's elder brother's son came to stay with us. His name is Senthil and he is 23 years old. He had finished his graduation and to find a job for him, he had come to stay with us. Senthil had a nice athletic and massive build body, no belly and nice sexy eyes. Very soon I found him that he started to look at my figure with penetrating eyes and I got the signal that this bloody bastard wants to fuck me. It was like an oasis in a desert situation for me. I too started to smile at him and since my husband and my only 6-yr school going daughter, go out in the morning, I have no option but to stay alone with this young guy.


Soon Senthil started to get closer with me. He would help me with my kitchen chores and of late, he started to caress me at my back very casually and at times even on my boobs. But I too had no real guts to object his acts and the fact is I liked his company and his getting closer to me, very much. One day Senthil asked me to accompany him to his friend's house for a small party which his friend was giving for his birthday. He requested to prepare some non-veg food dishes for the party, that's what he told me. It was around 11 in the morning and I went with Senthil, to his friend's house. The house was not big but ok and it was in an apartment complex, far away from my house. Senthil opened the door and I peeked inside, expecting some people there. But I did not see anybody, not even his friend and my heart skipped a beat. I was not afraid but was excited by the situation, which was ahead of me.

Senthil asked me to sit on the couch and he went & locked the door and then he went inside and brought some cold drink, may be coke or something like that. He sat near me and asked me if I was surprised for seeing no one. I said yes, I sure was. I asked him where his friend is. He told me that he wanted to call me alone, as he need to talk an important thing with me but was afraid to do so, thinking that I will not come. So he said a lie to me that his friend was giving a party and took me with him and there he told me that his friend will come only after a week as he had gone on leave to his native place. I understood his intention of bringing me there and with a slight excitement, I smiled at him. Senthil immediately kept his lips on mine and literally crushed my mouth. I tried to push him away, as if I am not expecting this at all from him. He was furious and hit me on my firm ass. He told me, "Chithi you have troubled me a lot dear. Now I am not going to spare you any more. I was crazy with all the fucking signals you gave me and now I am going to fuck you darling."

Hearing this, I was excited but I had to protest and he got angrier than ever. Senthil immediately started removing my saree from me and soon my whole saree was in his hands. He then, catching my left hand, turned me around so that both my hands were behind my back. That bastard, who is supposed to be my stepson, tied a knot with the saree and secured my hands. I had not even tried to struggle and this fucking bastard tied me. As I was in my traditional South Indian saree & blouse outfit and with my hands behind my body, my boobs jutted out straining against the thin fabric of the blouse. I felt my nipples grow. OOH what was happening? I was getting aroused by this! I looked at my boobs and saw the nipples poking out through the thin material. Senthil came to my front and watched my breasts, keeping his eye on the nipples and watching them growing. He was wearing Jean and T-shirt and I could see clear bulge on his pant, the bulge was quite big and I expected the cock to be 8 inches or more.

As I imagined the cock size, my cunt started to ooze the juice and it went on becoming wet and wet. Senthil now came to me and started to unbutton the blouse I was wearing. He undid the top two hooks and pushed the blouse aside, exposing my bra clad boobs for the first time to his eyes. He looked at them and licked his lips, and told me that they were real nice and looked full. He then removed rest of the hooks but could not remove my blouse due to the tied hands. Senthil then unhooked my brassiere too, pushed it aside and took the two melons in his hands and pressed hard on them and I could see his fingers digging into the soft flesh. I felt pain as he increased the pressure but could not say anything due to the fear. I don't know how, but I was enjoying the pain he gave me while kneading my boobs. He rolled the two globes in his hands, then pushing them together, he rolled my titties on each other. Senthil was doing a great job and I involuntary loved it. I started to move my ass in excitement. He then untied the knot on my pettycoat and pushed his hand inside and tried to locate my pussy. As I never used to wear any panty inside, I could feel his hand search inside and finally settle on the fleshy lips of my pussy and move over my pubic hairs feeling them.

Senthil looked satisfied and now pulling his hand out, he started to remove the pettycoat and pulled it down roughly and as if in a hurry to see my ass and pussy. The pettycoat fell to the floor and he asked me to remove it from my feet. I obeyed and removed my feet. He immediately pulled the petticoat down and kept his mouth on my pussy and started to explore it with his tongue. I was enjoying it and wanted to remove his pant and see his dick but I could not do it since my hands were secured. I was helpless and was at his mercy. But I did not regret what was happening to me. I looked at my self and could see Senthil kneeling in front of me and licking my pussy. I could not resist this and with my left foot, I searched his cock and found it hard and strong. He felt my foot on his cock and rubbed his cock on it with his movements. He now removed his Jean & brief and freed the cock. OHH my God! It was about 9 inches long and more than 2.5 inches wide and sprang up like a cobra, ready to attack the enemy. I continued to feel it with my foot and absorbed the hardness through it. He got up and asked me to bend forward. He then caressed my firm ass cheeks and put his finger on my Dark Bum hole and pushed it mercilessly. I cried in pain at the entry of the finger stumbled and was about to fall forward. Senthil grabbed me and held my balance and asked me to move near the couch.

He made me rest my face on the back of the couch so that I had some support. He again came behind me and I felt his cock on my tied hands. Immediately I moved my fingers and caught it. He was huge and I could not hold the cock in my hand fully. He was surprised with this and asked me to be ready for some action. He caressed my ass and hit my ass cheeks with flat of his hand. Oh I cried in pain and asked him not to hit me. He told me that this was for teasing him all the time after he came to stay with us. He continued spanking me till I cried loudly, begging him to stop and telling him to do anything he wished with my body. He placed his cock on my ass hole and thrust hard. Nooooo! I cried. But he didn't care to listen. My asshole was dry and his cock just entered stretching it wide. He too felt the dryness in the ass so he pushed his cock in my pussy and wetted it with the cunt juice and then again pushed it in my ass. OH god, it pained a lot! All the skin around my ass hole was pushed inside by that mighty thrust and it really pained heavily. I tried to move my ass away but Senthil hit me hard and catching my ass firm in his hands, he pushed it back on the entering cock. Holy shit! His cock head entered my ass stretching it and molding it all around his cock.

It all was hurting me really hard but I don't know why I was enjoying it. Now Senthil's cock had entered about half in my ass and he was trying to push more of his cock. He had held my ass with both his hands and in between, he used to spank me and also knead my boobs. So after a few more thrusts, Senthil could finally manage to push his entire cock in my ass. I could feel his monster touching the depths of my bowels and even caressing many organs nearby. I could feel very high and I my self started to push my ass on his cock and started to fuck him with real LUST. Though I have a firm and moderately big ass, Senthil's 9-inch cock was torturing my butt hole and it felt great. Senthil was now fucking in earnest and spanking my ass all the time. Finally he groaned and released his cum inside my Bowels. I felt the hot cum spraying on the walls of the large intestine and it was really soothing my ass now. He fell on my back and my hands touched him. Finally he removed his cock and asked me to stand. Actually I was not in a position to stand but I had to. Now Senthil untied my hands and my GOD what a relief! First thing I did was I moved my hands like in drill. Cum was coming from my ass but I had to move the hands to make the fatigued muscles move and adjust to the freedom given by Senthil.

I thought Senthil was done and won't fuck me for that day. But he then removed completely my blouse and bra and he asked me to kneel before him naked and suck his cock. I fell on my knees and took his flaccid cock in my mouth and sucked it. I could feel my own odor on the cock, as the same cock had been in my ass. This was perverted but I loved it and greedily licked and sucked the cock. I felt it stir and start to harden under my ministrations. As soon as it was hard, he pushed me roughly away and lifted me and put me on the couch. Then Senthil came over me and rubbed his cock all over my body and then on my sensitive boobs. I had felt the two globes neglected and now he was rubbing his hard cock all over them. I could feel the rubbing and my boobs too responded. The nipples started to grow hard and the blood rushed in my boobs to convey the things happening there to my whole body. Senthil caressed the sensitive nipples with his cock head and shivers ran through my body. I felt my pussy leak and my asshole twitch. I was watching all this action, turning my head up. Senthil then put the cock in the valley between the boobs and pushed the flesh of my boobs on it, by pushing the two melons from the sides on his cock. He started to fuck my titties and each time the cock head poked and touched my mouth, I use to lick the cock head as a token of love for it.

While fucking my tits, Senthil's ass rubbed on my stomach and belly and massaged the skin there. After a few strokes, I felt my body tense and then completely relaxed. I had come! Pussy juice flowed and trickled into the crack of my ass and it felt really nice. Senthil now got up and pushing my legs over his shoulders, he thrust his cock in my leaking pussy. Ohhh it went all the way in upto the hilt. I felt the cock head touch my uterus and rub all over the surface of my vagina. I felt my pussy full of the cock meat after a long time and my pussy muscles too gripped the intruder with love and affection. Senthil started to fuck me slowly, pulling out all the cock and pushing it all the way in. Senthil really was fucking me methodically. While fucking, he kneaded my boobs too. Senthil's speed caught up, and now he was fucking me fast and deep. My cunt walls gripped his cock and suddenly my pussy muscles contracted and relaxed, and I came again! This Bastard was a nice fucker and he too felt me coming. He now fucked me pushing his cock on one side and then another. OOh god! He touched each and every cell in my pussy and fucked me faster than ever.

His cock twitched and I felt it twitching. He deposited his thick semen all inside my pussy and I came again! My pussy swallowed all his semen and I felt soothing in the pussy. He released my legs and they fell down as if they had no life in them. My body was totally relaxed and I felt like sleeping there and then. Senthil wiped his cock on my belly and left trails of his cum all over it. He now got up and brought a glass of cold water for me. I drank it as if this fellow was doing me a great favor. He sat besides me and for the first time kissed me affectionately. He told me that he really loved fucking my body and said that I was a great lay. I knew I was. But for the first time in my life, somebody (other than my husband) had fucked me, that too brutally, not giving any attention to my needs but satisfying only his lust on my body. But I must tell that I ENJOYED BEING TREATED LIKE THIS.

And the fact that I had been fucked like that by my own stepson, thrilled me immensely. I had cum on my own about three times, and he never touched my clit for this. We left the house at about 1 00 p.m. fully contented and now I had definite needs for my body which could be fulfilled only by fucking rough and tough, which was never before. OH, from then on, I had to be fucked rough and tough, deep and more deep, cunt and ass. Oh spanked too! And Senthil took that responsibility of being my partner, satisfying completely my sex appetite.
