      
      Part VIII
      On Monday, Lisa's co-workers gave her a hard time 
about receiving another dozen roses from James.  She called 
him.
      "I guess you're okay with what happened at Charles and 
Susan's house."
      "Yes.  That was very wild, very hot and yes, I'm okay 
with it."
      "I know this may not be the time and place, but I need 
to ask you.  Would it bother you if I wanted things to get 
wilder and hotter?"
      "I don't think so.  What do you mean?"
      "Think about whether you're interested in living out 
our fantasy.  You know the one where Susan joins us.  But 
keep in mind that you would have to be okay with sharing me 
with Charles."
      "Lisa, I . . ."
      She cut him off.  "No.  Think about it and we'll talk 
about it later.  Come over after work."
      He knocked on her door.  She had just showered and was 
in a bathrobe when she answered the door.
      He laughed.  She realized how it must look and 
laughed, saying, "I really didn't intend to greet you half 
naked.  I just got out of the shower."  She was blushing. 
      "Its okay.  I like you half naked."
      "Yeah, but we need to have a serious conversation and 
this makes it hard."
      "Yes, it does make it hard."  Actually their 
conversation was starting to make him hard.
      She blushed again and punched him on the shoulder.  
"No, that's not what I mean.  I really want to talk 
serious."
      "Okay," he said.  "Serious it is.  I really am okay 
with what happened.  I just want to make sure you are."
      She hugged him.  "Yes, I am.  In fact I've stayed 
horny all day thinking about what we did.  Did you enjoy 
watching Susan?"
      "Yes.  And I think you enjoyed watching them, too."
      "Yes.  I did.  You know I halfway thought that might 
happen."
      "Oh?"
      "Yeah, well Susan and I have been friends a long time 
and we'd been talking."
      "Did you plan that?"
      "No... well, not really... maybe sort of... Not in detail, 
we just agreed that if it ever did happen we'd probably 
enjoy it."
      By this time they were sitting on the sofa.  His arm 
was around her shoulder.  
      "So, what else do you think you might enjoy."
      She took a deep breath.  "Here's the thing James.  
Some times I really like romantic seduction and lovemaking.  
But I'm starting to learn that I really like down and nasty 
sex.  Whether it is just with you or if wilder things 
happen.  I really, really enjoy nasty sex."
      He was getting hard.  "Look, Lisa, I know that 
sometimes I've moved kind of slow.  Maybe I've been too 
careful, but that's only so you wouldn't get freaked out or 
pissed off.  I really enjoyed what we did, and we can go as 
far as you would like."
      She smiled at him.  "Let's make a deal, okay?  We can 
talk to each other about anything sexual okay?  And the 
other won't freak out."
      "Deal."
      "So, what's your freakiest fantasy?"
      He laughed, "Oh, no... you're not tricking me like that.  
I can be as freaky as you want, but I'm not sure I've even 
had my freakiest fantasy.  Right now I'm overwhelmed by 
reality."
      "Well, just so long as I can trust you if I get wild."
      "Trust me.  You have me hard right now."
      "Oh?"  She reached over and rubbed his hard cock 
through his pants.  "I'll make a deal with you.  I'll tell 
you a fantasy about something I'd like to try if you'll 
tell me one, too.  And you can fuck me while I tell you."
      He laughed.  "Okay.  We have another deal."
      In the bedroom they stripped.  Lisa lay back on the 
bed, her legs spread for James.  He got between her legs, 
his hard-on in his hand.  She smiled and arched her hips as 
he rubbed the tip of his cock up and down the slit between 
her legs.  He looked down and could see the tip of him 
spread her lips as it slid back and forth.  
      He pressed the tip of his cock in slowly until just 
the head of his cock was inside her.  "Okay," he said, 
"tell me that fantasy."  
      His hands were on her hips.  She squirmed against him, 
trying to rotate her pussy around the tip of his cock.  She 
smiled, and said, "Well, if we continue our games with 
Susan and Charles, I'd like to have Charles just like this, 
his cock inside me fucking me nice and slow.
      "I'd like to have my head laying over the side of the 
bed so that you can stand beside the bed and I can suck 
you."
      James started stroking his cock in her a little faster 
and for a moment she was quiet, enjoying the sensations of 
his cock inside of her.
      "I'd like to feel both of you come at the same time.  
Him in my pussy and you in my mouth."  With that she looked 
up at him.  "You never come in my mouth and sometimes I 
might just enjoy that.  Would you do that for me if I 
wanted you to?"
      James pushed the length of his cock inside of her.  
"You would really enjoy that?"
      "Yes.  Very much."
      "I never realized that.  I always thought you'd want 
me to pull out first."
      "No.  I promise, if I want you to pull out, I'll make 
it clear."
      "I never had someone that enjoyed that."
      "Well, you're with me now and the fantasy I want 
fulfilled is to have come squirting into my pussy and my 
mouth at the same time."
      James was stroking inside of her faster.  He was 
amazed to realize that he was already close to an orgasm.  
Her pussy was wet and she was moving in rhythm with his 
strokes.  She felt him quicken his movement and it even 
felt like she felt his cock swell inside of her.
      "You know," she said, "you don't have to wait until 
we're with them to come in my mouth.  You can do it now if 
you want."
      "Oh, god," he said, "you have me close to coming."
      "Come in my mouth.  Please?"
      James moved back so his cock slid out of Lisa.  She 
put her legs together as he moved up to straddle her body.  
She pressed her legs tightly together, seeking to keep the 
stimulation of her clit.
      James had his legs on either side of her.  Her breasts 
pressed softly against his thighs.  She gently held his 
hips with her hands, looked up at him with a smile, and 
opened her mouth for him.  He took his cock in his hand and 
started to stroke himself to a climax.  She raised her head 
just a bit and he moved so that the tip of his cock was on 
her tongue.  She was so turned on the pressure she was 
putting on herself by clenching her legs together was 
sending tiny electrical shocks through her groin.
      Looking down, James could see the swollen head of his 
cock resting on her tongue.  He pushed forward a little and 
she closed her lips around him.  She could feel the edge of 
his fist against her chin as he stroked himself.  He pulled 
back and she opened her mouth, keeping her tongue flat so 
that his cock rested there.  
      "I'm coming."  He started to ejaculate.  He watched 
his semen squirt into her mouth.  He could see it on her 
tongue just before she lifted her head to close her lips 
around his cock.  His cock surged again and he saw her 
throat work as she swallowed his sperm.  He cried out in 
pleasure and collapsed forward, resting his hands on the 
headboard to keep from smothering her.  
      Lisa put her hands on his butt and pressed him into 
her mouth, seeking to take his cock as deep as possible for 
the last surges of semen into her.
      "Oh my god," he said as he moved to lie down beside 
her.
      "That was very, very hot.  Thank you," Lisa said.
      He laughed.  "Thank you.  I can't believe you did that 
for me."
      She smiled and snuggled against him.  "I enjoyed it."
      "It was so cool to see myself squirt into your mouth.  
Thank you, thank you, thank you."  He peppered her face 
with kisses.  She laughed.
      "I wish I could watch.  Sometime you'll have to let me 
jack you off into Susan's mouth so I can watch you come on 
her tongue."  She smiled a secret smile at the memory of 
watching Charles ejaculate into Susan's mouth that day she 
first got wild with Susan and Charles.
      "Now remember," Lisa said, "you still have to tell me 
one of your fantasies."
      "Well, that was one of them right there."
      "Yeah, but it doesn't count, because that one was 
mine.  Tell me another."  Her hand was on his semi-soft 
cock stroking lightly.
      "Hmmmm, let me think.  Knowing that you are not 
opposed to playing with Susan opens up all sorts of new 
possibilities."
      "I want to hear a fantasy that you've already had, not 
one that you're thinking about because of what we're going 
to do with Susan."
      "Well, I've certainly had the standard male fantasies 
of sex with two women before."
      "No.  Tell me something different.  It doesn't even 
have to be really possible.  Just a fantasy that turns you 
on.  In fact, tell me the last fantasy you remember that 
did not involve me."
      He looked at her.  She kept stroking his cock and 
smiled at him sweetly.  "It's okay, you know," she said, "I 
won't get jealous or mad.  Everybody has fantasies.  Well, 
everybody should have fantasies."
      "Okay."  He decided to trust this new Lisa that had 
made herself known.  "Last week at work, Mrs. Richardson 
chewed me out for a missing report but she was wrong.  I'd 
finished the report early and had already put it in the 
system where it was supposed to be.  When I pointed it out 
she just said, 'Oh, sorry" and went back to her office.
      "I was a little pissed at her for making such a big 
production in front of everybody and then just walking off.  
I thought about what I'd have liked for her to do."
      "Oh, what's that?"
      "I'd have liked for her to have to apologize by 
letting me spank her naked ass and then have my way with 
her."
      Lisa propped herself up on her elbow and looked at 
him.  "Really?" she said.
      He nodded.  "Well, that's the last sexual thought I 
remember without having you involved."  He was a little 
worried that despite what she'd said, Lisa would get mad at 
him.
      Lisa kept stroking his cock gently but actually felt 
him soften a little bit.  "You know something?" she said, 
"Susan likes to get spanked.  Would you like to spank her 
sometime?"
      He looked at her.  "Man, the two of you really talk to 
each other, don't you?"
      Lisa laughed and said, "Yes. We do. So, would you like 
to spank her sometime?"
      She felt his cock getting harder.
      "Yes, if it would be okay, I think I would, if she 
enjoys it.  Once, when I was a teenager I went to my 
girlfriend's house one night.  Before I could knock on the 
door I heard her dad and mom yelling at her for smoking.  I 
liked that because I didn't like her smoking either.  I 
stood on her porch in the dark and listened.  Before I knew 
it I heard her dad tell her to bend over the couch.  I 
couldn't believe it.  I was able to see in the window and 
despite her protests, she bent over the end of the couch 
and got a spanking.   She was sixteen at the time and it 
turned me on to see her bent over like that.  That might 
have been the start of my fantasy about spanking somebody."
      "See," Lisa said, "it's okay for you to tell me that.  
It makes me hot to think about you getting turned on by 
spanking.  You know I've never had a lot of fantasies about 
spanking, but I've been thinking a lot about what Susan 
told me and who knows, maybe you'll get to spank us both 
some time."  She also remembered spanking Susan and how 
excited that had made her.  Lisa had a feeling that sex in 
the future was going to really be interesting.

