Final Fantasy Seven: TFLN Cues

(Texts from Last Night)

Rating: M
BETA: Ziggy Pasta…
Cue: … I'm walking down the halls of our hotel and listening …
Warning: strong yaoi, bad language and violence hints...I am so twisted at times.
Disclaimer: Don't own, just using for my own amusement. Do not profit from this endeavour.
Characters: Reno and two Generals
POV: Reno

KNOCK

Reno could hear the noises from the hotel room. He had stopped in the middle of the hall and was fighting the urge to do something that he knew was going him into trouble.

~Rude'll get all pissed off~

He knew he should just keep walking. He should go down to the end of the hall, where his room was located, and get some sleep.

~you know you want to~

The sounds were getting louder from the suite that housed the two most temperamental SOLDIERs in all of ShinRa. Rude had explicitly told him not to do anything to piss them off.

~they won't even know it was you~

Sephiroth had never been shy about threatening to kill him, and Genesis had always been a horrible flirt that kind of freaked him out.

He was a little upset that he was being treated like a valet for the two pompous jerks in this little hole in the ground town that had nothing to drink that wasn't made of apples.

~and the snobs have a suite~

He could hear Genesis yelling something about his ass.

~would serve them right~

"Shut the fuck up and just take it," he heard Sephiroth yell. He raised his eyebrows and he took a step towards the door.

~they are going to be so pissed~

He heard a hoarse yell that he thought had to be Genesis, which was followed by a loud grunt. He found himself blushing.

~am not being turned on by the sounds of gay sex~

He took a deep breath and held his hand near the door. He licked his lips and almost pulled his hand away and just went back to his room to silently curse the bastards.

"Watch my hair, you bastard!" Sephiroth yelled followed by a loud crash of something breaking in the room.

~they are really into it~

He made two quick sharp knocks.

~run~

But he wasn't nearly quick enough; he made it half way down the hall when he felt a hand grab his collar and was thrown to the ground. He was startled to see two very naked SOLDIERs looking down at him.

~shit, I am so toast~

They were both looking down at him and he didn't know how to read the faces of the two pesky, naked and turned on Generals. Reno knew his face was blazing red and there was nowhere he could gaze where he wasn't looking at flushed skin.

~are they mad? What is he doing? Are they going to kill me? Shit. Shitshitshitsh…~

Genesis cupped his chin and forced to look into the mischievous blue eyes. "Well, you shouldn't run away if you want to join."

"I'm walking down the halls of our hotel and listening for sex noises and knocking when I do - Kiti Renentine text request.

Reno is so going to be hurting after this impulse. … *shrug* I kinda twisted it a bit, but then…what would be the fun of keeping things straight?