Cam does his pants back up and straightens out his t-shirt, inspecting it to see if it needs to change. It's not bad, nothing noticeable once he puts his BDU shirt on over it.

The BDU shirt that Vala's still halfway wearing, actually. He grabs the cloth for her and walks back into the kitchen. "Now, I really need to get you undressed... so I can get dressed."

She shoots him an evil smirk and finally slides off the table, Cam's wallet back where he had left it. "Of course thats why you do." She slips the shirt off her body and dangles it in front of him, having no shame as she stands naked in his kitchen.

He's officially down for the count where it counts, but he still enjoys looking at her body.

They have to leave, though.

"Get dressed," he says, swatting her lightly on the butt, grinning so she knows he's only teasing.

She pokes her tongue out at him and goes to find her clothes, scattered around his apartment from the night before. Her leather pants are somewhere in the bedroom and she finds her top thrown over a lamp in the living room.

Snatching it down, she tugs it on quickly. "Just saw the time. Already late for the breakfast shift." She hopes Sal won't kill her for missing one day of work; she doubts he will.

He phones the base while he's waiting, letting Jackson know he'll be a little late. They don't have an official briefing arranged, but Cam is going to need a crash course in whatever Jackson has gotten onto paper about the Ori book.

He finds her shoes on the floor, admiring the heel on her boots. They've very.... Vala. He sees her walk out of the bedroom with a frown on her face and holds one of them up. "Looking for these?"

"Holding them hostage were you? I don't think they'd go with your..." she gestures to his BDU's. "Might be interesting though. Set a new trend on your port." She grabs the boot from him and tugs it on over her leathers.

"Not my size," he says, smiling letting her use his shoulder to balance herself while she shoves her other foot into a boot.

He does a quick scan around the room to make sure he isn't forgetting anything, grabbing the battered briefcase from where he'd stashed it. The lights go off and he locks the door behind him, following her out to his car. The briefcase gets tossed into the back.

Vala slides into the passenger seat, not even sparing a glance back at the briefcase; she's already picked it clean of information. She fiddles with the radio as he starts the car, searching for something fast and loud and fun to listen to.

He doesn't exactly go for fast and loud at eight in the morning most days, but he lets her. She settles on something clangy and upbeat and he decides that it'll wake him up better than coffee probably.

"You like that?" He asks, glancing at her.

"It is loud and you can move to it," she doesn't really answer. She wiggles in her seat back and forth, shaking to the sound of the beat as Cam's mustang hugs the curves.

He smirks a bit, glancing over again to watch her. "Well, I guess if it gets you moving, it can't be all bad..."

"Didn't think you'd complain," she shoots back, grinning widely at him.

Her eyes are sparkling and that grin goes ear to ear. She looks happy and that makes Cam happy. He's pleased with himself as he turns down a street.

Sol's Diner really isn't far from his place, and morning traffic is already gone. It's only a couple more minutes before he's pulling into the parking lot.

"You going to get dinner tonight?" Vala asks casually as she undoes her seatbelt. She doesn't want to make it seem like she's too eager but she does enjoy his company.

He hesitates before saying, "I'm not sure."

If Jackson's made some breakthroughs on the Ori front, or Ba'al has decided to actually come clean and cooperate with them and give them something that can actually help, chances are Landry will send them offworld.

Vala opens the door, nodding slowly. "Alright well... I guess I'll be seeing you sometime yeah?" She begins to get out of the car before stopping. Turning, she leans back in the car and presses her lips hard against Cam's, her hand on the back of his neck to keep him close.

"So you don't forget..." She whispers softly, flicking her tongue out against his bottom lip. She gives him a wink and actually slips from his car this time.

He rubs his bottom lip and grins as he watches her walk toward the diner, hips swaying.

*

On base, he gets sucked into what eventually becomes a lecture in everything Jackson has hammered out about the Ori from his brief stay in their galaxy with Ba'al.

When interruption comes, he's grateful - but the last thing he's expecting is to see Sam Carter standing there. He stands up so fast his back pops a bit, and walks over to her, grinning. "Colonel Carter!"

"Cam Mitchell," Sam smiles, going over to him and pulling him into a quick hug. "I hear you've been having some fun down here," she teases him. Her eyes flicker over where Ba'al is talking to Landry, a guard still on hand to keep an eye on him.

"Samantha, my darling," Ba'al says, voice dripping insufferable charm.

Cam rolls his eyes. He's already getting tired of the dude.

He steps aside so Jackson can say hello. He feels like he needs to step aside, at least. They hug and start to talk in low voices and he gets a much stronger sense of history from them than he had with Teal'c and Jackson. Maybe that was just because Teal'c didn't seem to exhibit those sorts of emotions, another one of those differences that just gave off a not quite from this planet vibe.

He shakes the thought out of his head. "So, they finally let you out of their clutches?"

Landry snorts. "More like, General O'Neill ordered her here."

Sam rolls her eyes slightly for Cam to see, making sure Landry can't. "He felt my assistance would be more useful here than in Area 51 doing R&D. I can't say they were really happy when he gave the order but I did miss this place."

"Well, we're glad to have you tackling this one," Cam says.

That's all the time for small talk they have, because they already have reports of Ori showing up on one of Ba'al's former planets. The SGC has no intention of going out of their way to help Ba'al, but the ever present knowledge that they could visit earth next propels the sense of urgency.

"As you can see," Daniel starts, clearing his throat and pulling up a slide on his projector. "The Ori have already made inroads into an entire corner of the galaxy." He hits his button and the next slide shows a sector of the sky, a large portion of it outlined in red.

"We've had reports from a team we have undercover that a prior has just recently shown up on this planet, P2X-477." He clicked the projector button again and a single planet came into view.

"Ooh, this place," Ba'al commented, rolling his eyes. "Its a dust heap, let them have it."

Cam and Landry both jerk their heads around to look at Ba'al. It's Cam that speaks first, though. "You've been there before?"

Ba'al glares at Landry for a moment before he relents. "I was stranded on the rock when their gate broke down and my fleet was off in battle. Simple, stupid people and the planet has nothing; little bit of naquadah, barely enough to power the gate for me to leave. I say, let the Ori have it."

"So," Cam says, tapping his pen against the table. "When you say you were stranded there you mean, they were nice enough to give you some shelter while you were in a tough spot, or you told them you were their God and made you worship them?"

Ba'al smirk, Sam grimaces, and Cam is pretty sure they all know what the answer there is. He forges ahead, though. "So did this end with pitchforks and threats to tar and feather you, or do they still think you're the big kahuna?"

"I am their god of course," Ba'al shrugged. "I assume they continue to believe that. I did give a rather convincing performance," he says smugly.

Cam snorts, earning himself a derisive tilt of the head from Ba'al.

"So you think you could get us onto that planet?" Landry asks. "I know they might seem insignificant to you, but we need to learn more about the Ori and there's a chance we might be able to help these people."

The concept of helping the people is still foreign to Ba'al but the chance to actually get outside of the SGC's drab walls is more than he can stand.

"I could get you onto the planet," Ba'al agrees, leaning back in his chair. "You might not make bad body guards."

"Right, that's settled. You're going and Ba'al is going with you." Landry says, closing his file and standing. "Unarmed and under surveillance." Ba'al glowers once more at Landry but the general ignores it. "You're leaving at 1400."

They're leaving at 1400... that won't leave him any time to go see Vala, but there's not much he can really do about that. He claps a hand onto Ba'al's shoulder, enjoying the obvious disdain he has for an unwarranted touch. "You, come with me. We'll need a full debriefing on what to expect when we get to this planet."

*

The debriefing lasts almost three hours, which is three times as long as it would have had Ba'al actually cooperated instead of making endless wisecracks and demands.

That only leaves Cam a couple of hours to shower and get his gear together. He heads to his quarters on base, where he can use the phone in relative privacy. Relative because the lines are tapped, of course - but he'll be able to at least let her know that he won't be around for a while.

Vala buses a table of dirty dishes to the back when her phone vibrates and begins to chirp from her back pocket. She shifts the bucket to her hip as she digs into her apron pocket and pulls her phone out. " 'llo?" She answers, not recognizing the phone number at all.

"Hey, Vala," he says, then hesitates, in case she doesn't recognize the voice. "This is Cam. Cam Mitchell."

"Oh that Cam," she teases, tucking the phone under her chin as she shifts the bucket once more and carries it into the kitchen. "Its so hard to keep all you Cam's straight..."

He grins, instantly at ease at the teasing tone of her voice. "Yeah, you probably oughta just go ahead and tell me where these other guys live. I do carry a gun, you know. And I even know how to use it."

"Oh but then I wouldn't have anymore playmates," she continues to tease. Vala waves over at Betty and slips out the backdoor for a bit of privacy; its slow in the diner, she shouldn't be missed.

"Do you need more than one?" Cam says, pausing and frowning slightly. "Because I thought I was keeping you amused enough..."

Vala softens slightly and leans back against the brick wall of the diner. "No, I think I'm good with what I have right now actually," she replies quietly, a small hint of a smile in her voice.

He's happy, feeling like something has been settled. Maybe not written in stone, but at least he has a better idea of where he stands.

He lets out a breath he hadn't realized he'd been holding. "Good, because I have a feeling I've definitely got my hands full with you."

"Oh you definitely do colonel," Vala chuckles, low and deep, down the line. "You're going to need a whole day for recuperation next time I see you."

"Yeah, about that..." He sighs. "Might be a few days before I make it back end. They're sending me and my team out again."

The mission is technically open ended, but he doesn't see it being a quick in and out. It seems like not much is. something he'd known from reaching the mission reports but hadn't really understood until now.

Vala frowns, her shoulders sagging. "Where are you going?"

"Can't say," he says, glancing at the clock. He's only got a few more minutes before he needs to make his way to the gateroom. "But trust me, I'd rather be seeing you tonight than splitting a tent with an archeologist that snores."

An archeologist? Well that doesn't sound like a person most military operations would take with them. Vala files the information away momentarily, determined to take it out later and try to figure out how it plays into what it is Cam does. "So how long do you think you'll be gone, then?"

"Couple days... maybe longer," he says. "I'll be out of touch, though. Places they send us don't exactly have cell phone reception."

"Wait, so no phone sex either?" Vala is really grumpy now. She was hoping maybe she'd be able to contact him on some down time or something. Then again, Betty's grandson went to Iraq for an entire year, he didn't go just for a few days. Vala cocks her head to the side, thinking about it.

Just the thought of phone sex with Vala makes his heart thud a little. Her voice is made for it... by far the sexiest he's ever heard. "Maybe not this time, but don't be surprised if I call you on that later."

"Oh please do. The things my tongue could do to you," she purrs down the line. She knows she's tauntig him now and she can't help it.

"Oh, Vala, baby..." He groans, letting her know how she's getting to him. "You know this is what I'm gonna be thinking about tonight now, don't you? Hell, of course you do. Bet that's why you're doing it."

He's goading her, baiting her to go on, tucking the small pleasure it gives him away. He'll pull it out later in the night, just as he's told her, when he's uncomfortable and too hot or too cold or any of the things sleeping on alien worlds (or outside, even on earth) inevitably are.

Vala's own heart skips a beat when she hears his low groan. "I'd tell you all the things I wanted to touch... to taste. Where I'd run my tongue..." She pauses for a moment before giving in to Cam. "... suck your cock," she breathes down the line in the dirtiest voice she can manage.

He shifts on the bed, his brain sending all the familiar signals down south, and he knows it's time to say goodbye because he's not going to walk into that gate room with a hard on.

"Vala... honey, I gotta go," he says, sighing.

Vala sighs quietly, she knew he wasn't going to let her go far with it. "Alright," she relents, her voice changing back to her usual tone. "Cam... Are we dating now?"

He's caught off guard, and it takes him a minute to try and kickstart his brain and his mouth into working together to answer her. "Well, i don't think we've managed to go out on an actual date yet, but I like you, Vala. I want to keep seeing you. So... I hope we are."

She nods, pacified. "When you come back you can buy me dinner and alcohol and then we can have sex so we can date." Vala has seen daytime tv, she knows how these things work.

Cam laughs. She's kind of an oddball, but he likes that. It's different... different from any girl he's date, probably from any girl he's even known. "I'll give you a call when I'm back around, okay? Don't get too lonely and go finding those other guys named Cam, you hear?"

"Alright," she laughs. "Stay safe doing... whatever it is you do." She thumbs the off button and sighs, leaning back against the wall. She likes this guy. Its sort of a new feeling for her but she kinda likes that too.

*

"Val?" Betty sticks her head into the kitchen and shouts, balancing plates in both hands. When she gets no response she sighs and uses her body to push the door open, looking around the back room. "Val, we're swimming out here, get off your tail and come help."

She says it without real ire, more curious to know who "Val" is sneaking off to talk to on the phone than actually anxious for her to come help.

Vala scrunches up her nose and slides her phone back into her apron pocket. "Of course." She gives Betty a huge smile and stands, grabbing the tray from the older woman. She has a bright smile still on her face from her conversation with Cam and she kept help the bounce in her step as she walks through the hall towards the dining area.

Betty keeps an eye on Val throughout the afternoon, trying a couple of times to get her attention but being distracted by diners every time. It's late evening after the dinner rush by the time they both get a minute to relax at the same time.

She tells Sal they're taking fifteen out back, and the new girl's got the front covered. Sal grunts a reply, distracted by paperwork at the grimy little corner desk.

"Come on, kid. Time to dish," Betty says to Vala, grinning. Out back, she leans against the wall and lights up a cigarette, looking at Vala expectantly.

Vala pastes on an innocent face. "Betty, I have no idea what you mean." Vala isn't one to smoke but she does break out a small hip flask and sneak a bit from it.

"Uh huh," Betty says, taking a drag on her cigarette before using it to point to Vala. "You were late this morning. Came in the front door."

The significance of that is obvious, as Vala living upstairs means she doesn't use the front door.

Vala can't help the smirk that comes across her face at that. "Okay so maybe I went out last night," she shrugged. "Nothing big, right Betty?"

"Of course not," she takes another drag and blows out the smoke. The flask is still in Vala's hand and Betty holds out her own, waving it impatiently. "But come on, sister, let's do some good old fashioned girl talk. Who was it? That military fellow?"

Vala's smirk slides into a happy smile, her eyes sliding off of Betty's as she remembers Cam. "Yeah, yeah it was Cam, the military guy. He's in the air force, works down at Cheyenne Mountain like all the rest of them do."

Betty whistles, her grin wide and envious but happy for Vala. "Bagged yourself a cutie there, kid. Tell me all about it. Did he make the move, or did you?"

Vala pursed her lips as if thinking about it before answering. "He did, stayed late the other night in the diner. Real gentleman too, was quite polite until he realised he didn't have to be." Vala's smirk is downright dirty now as she thinks about how unpolite Cam became later that evening.

"Oh, honey, what did I tell you? I knew he wasn't coming around all the time just to get a taste of Sal's cooking. Something else there he wanted a taste of..." She finishes off her cigarette and drops it to the ground, crushing it under her heel.

Vala snickers and takes another sip out of her flask. "Well, he got a taste alright. Seems to want to keep coming back for more too." She holds the flash out to Betty, offering the older woman some.

That response delights Betty, too. "Do well catching yourself one of those military guys. I hear the pay is pretty well, even if they do say some weird experiments are going on under that mountain."

The last bit catches Vala's ears and she mentally perks up. "Oh? I don't think I've heard about those... What do they say?" She asks, feigning nonchalance. With any luck, the rumours will give her a good place to start looking on what it is that Cam Mitchell does during the day.

Betty reaches over and takes the flask from Vala, tipping it back and swallowing neatly before handing it back.

"Oh, you know," she shrugs, looking down at her watch. Five more minutes left on their break. "Probably just some nuclear testing or something. You know the military."

Nuclear testing... Vala thinks this over and tosses the idea out. Nuclear is messy and leaves too much of a mess, besides she would have noticed something like that going on. No, Cam's security clearance was for something else, something far more important than average nuclear testing and she was going to find out what it was.

Betty doesn’t notice the look on Vala’s face at all. She’s too busy focusing on other things. She’s glad Vala’s having a little fun. She’s always found it kind of odd that someone as vivacious as Vala spends all of her time at work or holed up in that little apartment above the diner. Sal won’t tell anyone where she came from or how he knows her, and there’s nothing that Betty likes more than trying to find out something she isn’t supposed to know.

She’s sort of like Vala, in that respect.

“Tell me all about it. Old woman’s gotta get her kicks somewhere,” Betty gives her a wry grin, pulling out her lipstick and reapplying what smeared off on the butt of the cigarette.

You saying you trying to work one over on the single dinner crowd Betty?" Vala asked, noticing the bright red shade of lipstick she was wearing. "Or are you just trying to pump me for information so you can live vicariously through someone?"

Betty smacks her lips together. "Honey, there ain't a man in there I want to take home that would look at me twice. I just want to hear what kind of roll in the hay your army man was."

"Which time?" Vala shoots back with an even bigger grin.

Betty throws back her head and laughs. "Now how 'bout you be nice and let Miss Betty have a turn? Share a little some of that eye candy with your friend..."

Vala snorts and shakes her head. "Find your own airman Betty. He's not going to be able to have time for any extra turns."

"Oooh," Betty whistles, narrowing her eyes at Vala. "So you like him, then?"

Vala just shrugs slightly, playing it off as cooly as she can. "He's nice, attractive and he's good in bed. That's all I really need to know right now." That's not strictly true, there is a lot more about Colonel Cameron Mitchell that Vala wants to know but she isn't going to tell Betty that. Right now she has to play her hand close, not give anything away.

"Preach it, sister," Betty nods. "Man won't hesitate to use you - use him first. No shame in that, none at all."

Vala cocks her head slightly but smiles at Betty. It wasn't what she had been expecting from the older woman but she likes it. "Alright my woman," she grins, holding her hand out for a high five. She hadn't suspected that the older woman would have been the swinging sort of type.

Sal sticks his head out the door. "Yo, ladies, this ain't the beauty parlor. We got hungry customers in here."

Chuckling, Vala shoots Betty another grin before turning to follow Sal back inside, the older woman following closely on her heels.