“We could have sent someone else, you know,” Dean points out as they climb out of the car. “It isn’t as though we have time to check out every nickel and dime omen that pops up on the radar.”

“Mix a couple more metaphors next time, dude. I don’t think that was quite incomprehensible enough.”

Dean offers his mate the finger casually before checking to make sure his gun is easily accessible. He knocks his boot against one of the wheels on the way by, comforted by the press of the back-up blade nestled inside against his ankle. On the other side of the car, Sam’s performing his own check, and Dean frowns a little to himself. When they’re both nervous about a job, it never goes well.

Is that you guys? he asks. Some kind of animal spirit psychic thing?

::No,:: Geri answers. ::Can’t see future. Can only scent present. Smells like death.::

“Yeah, cause we’re in a graveyard,” Dean mutters.

Well, they're standing out in front of one, to be exact, but that’s close enough. Two nights ago, someone saw an explosion of green fire here. Which, apparently, is some kind of obscure omen of the coming apocalypse. Like everything else these days.

Dean figures anything that feels the need to announce itself so much is overcompensating for something.

::Fresh death,:: Geri corrects, and of course now it registers for Dean as well: that thick, cloying scent of blood and shit and something deeper than that. A kind of silent, still smell.

Sam is scenting it too, Dean notices, because his mate pulls out one of the oversized, curved knives he prefers these days and hurries around the car to stand next to him. His eyes are restless on the rising hill on the other side of the iron fence, gold and glinting in the moonlight.

“Split up?” Dean asks. “You take the front, I’ll go in the back?”

That gets him a slightly angry glance and a, “Because that worked so well last time.”

“Not my fault you decided to stop and earn your Help A Granny Across the Street merit badge.”

Sam’s nostrils flare, which means that he’s really upset now, but the words are already out and besides, Dean can’t help joking when he’s nervous.

“Demons pushed the woman into the path of an oncoming bus, Dean. What was I supposed to do, let it run her over?”

“Anyway,” Dean says smoothly, brushing past the incident, “Neither of us got dead, so it worked out fine in the end. Now can we figure out what to do before the sun comes up?”

Sam’s lips press together into a tight line and his brow furrows. He's probably frustrated because Dean got him all wound up and then cut him off with no real resolution to the argument. Which means he’ll likely still be wound up when they’re done here.

Which means Dean can totally take advantage of it.

Excellent.

“We go in from the side,” Sam says, and then before Dean can suggest otherwise, he adds, “Together.”

::Yes,:: Geri agrees.

“Furball’s for it,” Dean reports. “How about Garfield?”

This time the annoyance on Sam’s face is more dignified: almost haughty. “I have asked that you not call me that.”

“Yeah, that’s clearly getting you far. So, what do you say: split up or take the critter as a unit?”

“We’re not letting you out of our sight,” the cougar answers, which is an attitude that is getting to be par for the course lately. Between them, Sam and the cougar are worse than Dean imagines the most nagging, worrywart of a mother ever could be. He wants to argue that he can handle himself, but it isn’t worth the headache for something this small.

Although he’s definitely asserting his independence sometime soon. Just because he’s mated to Sam doesn’t mean he has to be shackled to his side.

“Fine,” he mutters. “But I’m taking point.”

He leaps the fence easily and immediately starts forward. There’s a muffled curse from behind him, and then a soft thud as Sam follows, and in the next moment Sam’s passing him. Dean speeds to put himself back in front, and a second later they crest the hill together and come to a dead stop.

In that moment, if anyone had wanted to take a shot at them, they would have been sitting ducks. Dean’s too stunned by the magnitude of the carnage spread out on the hilltop before him to even think of dodging, and he can tell by his mate’s scent that Sam’s having the same problem.

The ground is soaked with blood, black beneath the moon but red in Dean’s nose. Bodies lie piled between the gravestones, twisted and ripped apart and, in some cases, burnt. More bodies than Dean can count at a glance, but as the shock begins to wear off he estimates their number somewhere around a hundred.

No sign at all of what killed them.

“Fuck,” he breathes finally while Geri cringes and whimpers inside of him. “What happened?”

Beside him, Sam wordlessly shakes his head.

Dean stands there for a moment more and then, slowly, picks his way into the carnage, looking for the scent of something that could have caused this. It’s hard to smell anything but the death and the blood, though.

“Pretty recent,” he calls over his shoulder. “Couple of hours ago? Maybe less?”

And that’s when a hand grabs his wrist.

Dean jerks back, swearing, and trips on a body. He falls across a tumble of carcasses, which would be freaking him out if it weren’t for the fact that the hand is still holding on, gripping even tighter than before, in fact. And the hand is attached to a dead body.

“Dean!” Sam shouts, and Dean casts a startled glance over to find more of the bodies rising and throwing themselves at Sam. Not all of them, not by a long shot, but enough.

Ghouls. A whole pack of them.

“Dean Winchester,” the ghoul holding Dean says. Blood trickles from one corner of its mouth.

Dean was about to get up and rip the thing’s head off, but he freezes again at that—at the sound of his name. Geri cocks its head inside him as well: they both know that ghouls—Geri’s fleshdevourers—don’t usually pay that much attention to the living.

“Do I know you?” Dean asks. Off to the side, he can hear Sam getting into it with the others, but he doesn’t pay much attention: Sam can handle a couple of ghouls no sweat.

“No, but I was sent to give you a message.”

“Next time, try texting,” Dean shoots back, jerking his wrist free and staggering to his feet. “It’s faster and there’s a lower body count.”

“Oh, this was for fun,” the ghoul answers, spreading its arms. “And you wouldn’t deny us a final meal, would you?”

That makes Dean pause a second time, frowning, and he says, “You knew we were coming. You knew we’d kill you and you still ... What do you want?”

The ghoul’s face turns rapturous. “To serve her.”

“Serve who?” Dean checks, although he’s pretty sure he already knows.

“Lilith,” the ghoul breathes, and the confirmation sinks into Dean’s gut like a stone. Sam is not going to like this. Dean hates demons too, of course, but Sam seems to have something personal against Lilith. Probably to do with those visions he used to have.

“Lilith,” Dean repeats. “She sent us a message.”

“She sent you a message,” the ghoul corrects.

“It’s not a singing telegram, is it? Cause I gotta say, those are kinda embarrassing.”

“‘Tell the meat mongrel I have its leash and collar,’ she said,” the ghoul reports, ignoring the jibe. “Tell my pretty pet that the dog catcher is loosed and Gleipnir yearns for his throat.”

Dean washes cold, body locking up on him at the familiar name, but his own reaction is dwarfed by Geri’s. The wolf panics inside of him, whining and shivering and jerking around in short, distracting bursts. Dean can’t breathe. He can’t—

Sam is there suddenly, swinging his blade and cutting through the ghoul’s head with a single blow. He’s spattered in blood, and breathing hard. His eyes are wide and frightened as he turns, sheathing his knife as he goes and already reaching out to grip Dean’s arms.

“Dean. Dean, baby, are you okay?”

Dean tries to get his voice to work and can’t. He’s caught up in a loop of cringing fear and despair, and all of the knowledge that's coming to him from Geri in fits and starts is making him feel even worse about the whole Lilith and Gleipnir thing. Fuck, he never suspected it was anything but a myth.

“Geri?” Sam tries now. “Geri, talk to me.”

But Geri isn’t capable of responding any more than Dean, and after a moment Sam gives up on talking and hauls him in for a crushing, desperate hug.

“She can’t have you,” he breathes fiercely. “I promise I won’t let her take you.”

But Sam is covered with blood and he smells like death, and Dean can’t help feeling it’s an omen.