Paula did the only thing she could do, the thing she'd been doing her whole life. She dove into work. She laid down the track for her new song and allowed Jeff, her publicist, to arrange for a Superbowl debut several months away. She locked herself in her dance studio and played the song over and over again until Lauren thought she'd kill someone if she had to hear it one more time.

Paula spent days in meetings with the jewelry designers and they did another QVC appearance, which immediately sold everything out.

She did a charity dinner for the eating disorder board that she sat on.

She started an intense workout routine with a personal trainer so she would look her best when they started shooting the video.

And when Paula was busy, Lauren was busy. Staying on top of her schedule, getting her to things on time and ready became the ultimate challenge.

"Be careful," Lauren said again and again. "I refuse to let you work more hours than there are in the day." Paula laughed it off but the first time she mentioned 'Paula time,' Lauren threw in the towel. "That's it," she said. "You're taking the weekend off."

"I don't have time for that," Paula said.

"I'll make time, that's my job," Lauren said. "It's also my job to make sure you don't crash and burn."

"I'm fine," Paula said.

"I know it's hard," Lauren said. "But what you're doing isn't working. I'm clearing your schedule. The end."

Paula realized she was kind of tired and gave in. Besides, she could work a little from home.

In the morning, she woke alone in her house. Things were quiet for the first time in days. She felt suddenly, very alone. Not just alone, but lonely. She reached for her phone to call Simon. It was early afternoon there and he picked up on the third ring.

"Cowell," he said, briskly. He sounded irritated. She regretted calling.

"It's me," she said. "Are you busy?"

"Hey," he said, his voice softening. "How are you?" She talked to Simon two or three times a day. Any more seemed to make the separation worse and any less was agony.

"Okay," she said. "Lauren has me under house arrest."

"Good," said Simon. "You've been working too hard."

"I'm sorry," she said, settling onto her sofa, feeling a little better just to hear his voice. "Did you just agree with Lauren?"

"We have an understanding," Simon said.

"You've been talking to her behind my back!"

"Paula, darling. I just want to make sure you're taken care of while I'm gone," he said.

"I don't need you to take care of me," Paula said bristling. On the other side, Simon began to chuckle. "What?" she demanded.

"I miss fighting with you," he said.

"You're crazy," she said, but smiled.

"I am busy," he said. "But call me in a few days. I think I'll have some good news."

"Tell me now," she begged.

"And ruin the surprise?" he tsked. "Not a chance. Bye love."

"Bye," she said. She had no idea what his good news could be, but deciding she was tired of her own house, she got dressed, piled the dogs into Simon's car (she'd never tell) and headed for Malibu. She hadn't been spending as much time here as she thought she would at Simon's house due to her schedule, but now she was happy to pull into the driveway, unlock the door, and usher her dogs inside to go sniff and hopefully not tinkle on anything important. She threw down a couple of wee pads just in case.

What to do to pass the time? When she was younger, mired in voice lessons trying to bring her singing ability up to her dancing ability, she used to walk around the house looking for the spot with the best acoustics. She wandered all over the house singing, "Hey baby, you got to remember..." every few steps. Finally, she decided that by the stairs under the vaulted ceilings gave off the best sound and started humming, a few bars from her new song, a few bars from Spinning Around, a few bars from Kelly's Because of You. Her voice, while never her strongest asset, had held up well.

She was just about to start singing, loudly, when the doorbell rang. The dogs began to bark and swarm around her feet and she wondered whom it could be and if she should answer Simon's door when he wasn't even in the country. But, curiosity won out, as usual, and she opened the door.

"Hi, I'm your..."

"Oh my God," Paula said, her hand flying to her mouth.

"Neighbor," he finished. "Hi Paula."

"Hi Emilio," she said.

"Um," he scratched his head. "I knew I had a new neighbor, but I thought it was a man."

"It is!" she said. "This isn't my house."

"Okay," he said.

"It's Simon's. Cowell. From the show? Have you seen the show?" she asked.

"No, I live under a rock, actually so..." he chuckled. "You look really good."

"Long time, no see, huh?" She smiled nervously. "Oh, come in!" She stepped aside and he walked in.

"I actually just came by because I have some of the family over and I think in the last 20 minutes we've kicked about 13 balls over your fence," he said.

"I see," she said. "Well, the back is out this way." They walked tentatively to the slider door to the side of the house that wasn't to the front or down to the beach. "Why weren't you playing down by the water?"

"Paparazzi," he said. "Paloma is still really wary of them."

"The kids are over?" she asked. "How are they?"

"Good!" he said. "They still... you know, get the gifts you send them every year for Christmas and stuff. I think they appreciate it."

"Good," she said. The found the trove of balls and she helped them start tossing them back over the fence. "Well, if I spot any more, I'll definitely toss them back," she promised. She could hear voices and smell the barbecue cooking. Why hadn't she noticed the sounds of life? She felt backed into a corner. He almost didn't look the same; he was older, heavier, but he was still her first husband. She suddenly wished Simon were there for her to hang off of.

"Thanks," he said. "So you and Simon Cowell, huh?"

"What? No! Well, not really," she said. "Kind of. I don't know."

"He's not really your type," Emilio said in a kind of teasing voice.

"Nope," she said.

"Hey," he said. "You could come over. We're eating soon. You could see Paloma and Taylor. Mom and Dad are over."

"Wow, that would be weird," she said. "I mean, I knew that was your house but I just never thought that I would really see you."

"I understand," he said. "But I don't think you've met Sonja and I think she'd really want to meet you. Please? Come over?"

"Gosh," she said. "Um."

"Please?" he begged.

"Okay," she said. "Sure. Just let me put some shoes on and make sure the dogs are okay."

They went into the house and he waited by the door while she rushed upstairs to powder her face and find some sandals. She had a growing collection of shoes and clothes at the house, all kept in the yellow room even though she tended to sleep in Simon's bed.

Downstairs, he smiled.

"Let's go," he said. She locked the door behind her and they went out the gate and walked street side toward his house.

"What's the occasion?" she asked.

"None," he said. "Just playing."

"I saw Bobby," she said. "I loved it."

"I got your card," he said. "Thank you. It was hard."

"I bet," she said. She paused as he keyed open his gate and she hesitated at stepping through. "I really don't know about this, Em."

"Don't worry," he said. "You always used to worry too much."

"One of us had to," she said, only partly joking. The truth was, they'd been apart too much to make anything work. She'd been touring, he'd been filming and in the end, she just didn't see it getting any better. She couldn't imagine her life if they'd stayed together. She couldn't imagine owning this house, maybe having a child with him. A life with Emilio was a life without Simon, after all.

"Come on in," he said, stepping aside. This house was more open space than Simon's, thought about the same size. From the kitchen, Paula could see Emilio's father turn and look at her. He stared for a moment before finding his manners and renewing his smile.

"Well this is a surprise!" he said, coming over to hug her. "Hi doll."

"Hi Martin," she said, returning his hug.

"I found her next door," Emilio supplied. "She returned my balls."

Paula stared at him and Martin started to laugh.

"Several years ago, I'd imagine," Martin said. "Come on in. You'll want to see the kids, yes?"

"Sure!" she said and left Emilio to stand in the kitchen, blushing.

oooo

It was nearly ten o'clock when Paula made her way back to Simon's house. It has been a good day. Emilio's fiancée had been kind, much kinder than Paula might have been were the situation reversed. It had been great to see the kids, who were no longer kids. She'd been their stepmother once, albeit briefly, and they had been happy to see her.

She'd promised to bring Simon over for dinner when he was back and everyone very pointedly did not ask her about Simon or their relationship or why she'd been in his house while he was gone but she knew the moment she closed the door behind her, they were all atwitter with questions and speculation. Such was her life.

She fell asleep in Simon's bed, her face pressed into his pillow. She wondered how long she could go without changing the sheets.

oooo

Simon called three days later, when Paula was on the elliptical machine. She was back at her house, finally, and Lauren was sitting on the weight machine eating a sandwich while Paula worked out.

"I know this makes me like, a terrible, fat person, but whatever," Lauren had said, making sure her cheese didn't slip out the bottom of her sandwich.

"I'll think of it as motivation," Paula promised, huffing. She didn't eat meat anyway. Now, if Lauren had been sitting there eating a dozen Krispy Kremes, she might have had a problem. Her phone rang, and so Lauren turned down the music and she answered knowing it was Simon.

"Abdul," she said, mocking him slightly.

"Hello my dirty girl," he said.

"Hi," she said, excitedly. "And don't call me that."

"You sound a little out of breath," he said. "Are you shagging someone right now?"

"Yep," she said. "I got so lonely, but then Lauren offered to help me out, and well, one thing led to another."

"Oh lord," he said. "Don't tease me."

"I'm working out," she said.

"Still hot," he reasoned. "Are you ready for your surprise?"

"Yep," she said.

"I have to fly to New York this weekend," he said. "I'll be in the states."

"But Simon," she whined. "I'm shooting the video with Randy this weekend! I can't leave L.A."

"Pish," he said. "Just film it in New York instead."

"With three days notice? We'll have to hire a new production crew, I'll have to pay for all my dancers to fly out there, we'll have to rent studio space and ship the set. Not to mention convincing Randy to change the location. Oh my God," she moaned. "I don't know."

"I'll convince Randy," Simon said. "I'll pay for your dancers. I'll pay for everything. I'll even be in your video, but I have got to shag that tight little body this weekend," he said. "You say you have such a fabulous assistant. She needs a good challenge."

"Simon..."

"You're going to say yes," he said, confidently.

"Let me make some calls," she said. "I'll call you back." Lauren looked up, surprised to see Paula climbing off the machine already.

"What?"

"You're going to hate me," Paula said.

"What do you need?" asked Lauren looking longingly at the sandwich she knew she wouldn't be finishing today.

"I need to move my entire video shoot to New York City by this weekend," she said.

"Are you serious?" Lauren asked.

"I need studio space, I need the dancers booked on a flight, I need an okay from the record company, and I need you to make it all happen," Paula said. Lauren stared at her. "Go!"

Lauren grabbed her phone and ran from the room.

Four hours later, Lauren was sitting on the floor, still on her phone. She'd found an outlet to plug her phone charger in and was hunched over her ubiquitous notepad, taking notes and making demands. Paula had already talked to Simon. Randy had agreed, reluctantly, and had, apparently, gone on a twenty-minute diatribe about Simon screwing up everyone's life all the time so he could get laid. Lauren closed her phone and looked up.

"Okay, since CMG has offices in New York, we can use their warehouse to shoot in. I booked you first class and your dancers coach, because, hey, they're not stars. I called Jeff and Daniel – Jeff is going to be in charge of making sure your wardrobe and set supplies arrive on time. He's going to meet us there," Lauren said.

"And Daniel?" Paula asked.

"He can't come," Lauren said. "But he's going to arrange for the best of New York to style you for the shoot, and he said not to worry."

"But..." Paula started to wine.

"I'm sorry. You know how he hates short notice," Lauren said, cutting off any Diva tantrums at the quick. "Anyway, some of the production staff CMG hired are willing to fly to New York this weekend, but some aren't, so I have to go negotiate east coast re-hires in a conference call with Jeff and your contact at CMG in five minutes."

"Okay," Paula said. Lauren sat back down and started scribbling in her notebook. Paula made a mental note to give her a giant raise.

oooo

On the plane, Paula couldn't quite believe that they'd pulled any of it together. Lauren was on her flight, but had booked herself coach and was off behind the curtain. Paula had told her she was worth the extra expense, but suspected Lauren was kind of sick of her and just wanted to crash on the flight while she had the time.

All of this to see Simon. He had business during the day and her shoot would take hours. They would get one, maybe two nights together, but late nights where they would be exhausted. And still, all of this.

She tried to sleep but she couldn't. She had sleeping pills but was wary of taking anything unnecessary. The press had been nearly kind, almost, and the last thing she needed was to appear groggy anywhere near a camera. The flight seemed to be taking forever but soon enough she felt the dip in her stomach that signified the start of the descent. She listened halfheartedly to the captain announcing their destination and soon wheels hit pavement.

Lauren met her at baggage claim and hurried her out of the airplane into the waiting limo. Lauren had things timed exactly. Paula needed to be back in L.A. on Monday morning for another obligation and Paula knew that every moment was scheduled.

"I'm doing all of this to see Simon," Paula had whispered, when Lauren had shown her the final schedule.

"I gave you two hours Sunday morning, and six hours for sleep each night," Lauren said. "This is his great surprise, not mine."

In the limo, Lauren popped the top of her Red Bull and directed the driver to the studio. She was starting her shoot today and hopefully it would wrap in one day.

"I hope I can dance after that flight," Paula said, using the expansive back seat to try to stretch and loosen her muscles.

"Oh, you'll dance," Lauren said, warningly. "You'll dance like there's no goddamn tomorrow, and you'll like it." Lauren got a little testy under pressure, a little mean.

"That's the plan," Paula said brightly. Lauren sipped at her energy drink and asked the driver if he could go any faster.

At the studio, Paula got whirled away to hair and make-up, then to wardrobe and straight into the first shot of the day. She'd rehearsed endlessly with her dancers but it still took shot after shot to get it right. By the time they thought about calling it a night, her body was screaming in pain.

"I think we need another day," Lauren told the director, who nodded and soon called it a day. Still, Paula had to be back by six am the next day. Lauren helped her into her street clothes and into the limo. She directed them to the hotel. Paula sat in her seat, trying not to move. Every bump in the road shot pain up her spine.

"Ow," she moaned.

"You need to take something," Lauren said, digging around in her big bag for Paula's prescription.

"No," she said. "It'll just knock me out."

"Good," said Lauren. "You're exhausted."

"I didn't upset the whole operation to go to sleep right now," Paula said. "I'll be fine. I've been off the meds for a while you know."

"You haven't had a day like that in a while," Lauren argued. "You can't dance tomorrow if you're in utter agony."

"Enough," Paula said, wincing. "I now know your opinion." Lauren shut her mouth, but didn't look thrilled. At the hotel, Lauren checked them in and Paula texted Simon who texted back with his room number immediately.

"I'll walk you there," Lauren said, knowing she'd have Paula's suite all to herself tonight.

"I'm fine," Paula said, but when Lauren hooked their arms, Paula let most of her weight lean against her as they limped out of the elevator and down the hall. Lauren knocked on the door, which opened almost instantly. Simon was there and Paula felt a wave of relief. This was all worth it.

"What's the matter?" he asked.

"She's hurting," Lauren said, thrusting a bottle of pills into his hands. "Please make her take one." Lauren said this as if Paula was Simon's problem now. "Call if you need anything. Goodnight."

Simon pulled Paula into his room and closed the door. She smiled wearily up at him.

"Hey cutie," she said. "You're here."

"I'm here," he said, helping her to the bed. "How is the back?"

"So very, very painful," she said. "You owe me."

"I do," he said, lying down next to her. He pulled her close and pressed his face into her neck. He'd had elaborate plans of tearing off her clothes and having his way with her, but seeing her in pain dashed them. Instead, he just held her, which, surprisingly, turned out to be just as good.