My New Outfit
by Titsandass1

Stephanie likes to work in her birthday suit.

My friends Alicia and hubby John, Chelsea and her boyfriend Clifford had just left minutes earlier after a 2- hour stay. We had chatted about a wide variety of topics: Tv shows, favorite actors, bands, music, the traffic, relationships to name a few.

I'm 30 and recently single. I don't think badly about my ex husband. In fact everything was good between us untill I caught the 31 year old kissing his man. Back in the day, however, It took a long time before I got over feeling betrayed.

That incident happened just 5 months ago in mid April of 2022. We had been married for a year. Before that we dated for 3 years. I didn't call him out on it. Instead I gave him the cold shoulder.

I live on the third floor in an apartment which I took after Zach and I sold the house and split the profit. It's a small place with only one bedroom. It's best feature is the small balcony that overlooks nicely landscaped grounds.

This girl has always kept herself fit through exercise and religiously avoiding junk food. I have an ample bust and hips with a gradually curving long waist and slim thighs.

Chelsea had mentioned that she had once streaked. "I did it on a lark. Me and the girls were stoned."

The tale of her post grad escapade was good for a chuckle and it planted a notion in my head.

That incident happened 12 years ago tonight. She had mentioned that a photo on Facebook had reminded her of the night.

A similar incident was about to happen again. My company had been gone for barely 5 minutes when I flipped lamp and ceiling light switches illuminating my apartment. Standing at the foot of my bed, I stripped off the deep combo cobalt draped-cold-shoulder flutter-sleeved top and tossed it to my right. Without hesitation I took off my bra and tossed it to my left.

The time to go out onto my balcony had come so I did so. Hi all you lonely Horney men out there. Check me out. "WOO HOO Check me out."

I brushed my C cup boobs with my palms.

About 30 seconds after stepping out I went back inside, this time to pull off my ankle jeans and panties.

I went back to the balcony, this time swaying my hips while pushing my boobs. The show was brief then I crawled into bed nude.

I spent an uneventful weekend. Except for checking out the men working out at the gym, I didn't do anything. I can think of a few things I would've liked to do. Visiting the museum of flight in Seattle is one activity. Better still would be watching male exotic dancers.

In the meantime I was emboldened by my dance on the balcony, a performance I'm sure had been seen by many people.

Monday morning minutes before 8 o'clock I came to my desk at the office of Melinda Maxwell DDS. My work day consisted of notifying doctor Maxwell and her hygienist Allison Jenny patients are here. I also confirm appointments and handle billing.

Colleagues are friendly. We often engage in chit chat, much of which we women find apropos. The girls know about my ex husband "switching sides".

The one colleague with whom I chat the most is Tricia Laffey, the dental assistant.

The 3 girls are quite attractive. Two, doctor Maxwell and Allison, are older than me. Tricia is younger by 4 years. We bear a resemblance to each other. Both of us are fair-skinned with blue eyes. She's taller and has a shape similar to that of actress/model Angie Harmon.

I'm starting to consider working in the nude. No one will care. I like my body and I'm not bashful. Maybe I'll let Tricia in on the plan. She did once say that she goes nude all the time at home which explains why it takes her a long time to get the door.

Usually at noon I take a break for lunch. This day would be not be different except for a small errand.

Shortly before lunch time I went to the rest room ostensibly to pee. Before answering the call of nature I pulled off my dress, the Crystal gray Bali underwire bra and my bikini panties. Wearing only white peep-toe JLO booties, I walked back to my desk.

Several patients approached my desk between noon and 5 o'clock, some of them ogling my breasts. Alicia James approached the desk minutes after 3 for her appointment.

"Stevie, nice outfit," she quipped.

I did not reply except to flash a wide toothy smile.

Tricia came out to bring Alicia to a procedure room.

At 5 o'clock I put my dress back on. Tricia and I walked out together.

"Do you go naked in your apartment?"

"Yes."

"I remember how it felt the first time I took it all off. It's so freeing."

"It does feel freeing. Come for coffee."

When she came into my apartment, Tricia Laffee got undressed immediately as did I. She took a seat across from me at my dining table while coffee brewed. She stayed for an hour making small talk.

About 1 o'clock, plus or minutes a few minutes, a smoking hot dark-haired dude had approached the desk. Seth MacDonald has been coming here for years. I notified the girls.

Lying naked on my bed by 9 o'clock, I could only imagine myself lying under him. His tongue goes into my mouth. My tongue pushes back at it. His penis is sliding slowing back and forth tapping my G-spot.

My hand creeps down to my lady parts. "Polishing the pearl" causes local muscles to contract creating tension. My body feels hot. I twitch and quiver. My hips bucked.

Suddenly the tension went away but I felt wetness under me and between my thighs.

The following morning I came to work dressed in a Deep Black combo floral rhinestone trim A-line dress. I had already made up my mind to take it and my undies off at first opportunity.

My colleagues do not mind that I work in the nude.
