Warning: This story is unsuitable for minors and contains explicit descriptions of sexual 
activity considered taboo (and illegal) in most (if not all) jurisdictions. If such activity 
offends you, DO NOT read any further. I do not condone any illegal activity and stress 
that this work is fiction, fantasy, and in no way meant to reflect reality. Sexual abuse of 
minors is a very serious issue and I encourage anyone tempted to engage in such 
behavior to seek immediate help.


This story is a work in progress. I am tinkering with it off and on and cannot give an 
idea as to how often it will get updated.


Last Updated: 6/29/18


Story Title: Land of Heroes


Dear Reader: Thank you for taking the time to read my work. If you wish to drop me a 
line, please feel free to email me at CreepingDawn@protonmail.com. I look forward to 
hearing from you.


Without further ado...


Chapter 11

"Hey," I said quietly, the morning sun spilling into the room. Tyler, his lithe body 
pressed up against mine, looked up at me and smiled sleepily.

"Hi," he said. "You just wake up?"

"A few minutes ago."

"So what were you doing?"

"I was watching you sleep." 

The boy scrunched up his face before giving me a dry look. "Seriously?" I shrugged. He 
giggled, then. "That's kinda corny." We both chuckled.

"Does it bother you?" I raised an eyebrow. After the previous night, I couldn't help but 
be filled with a sense of contentment I'd never felt before. Here, in this bed, with the 
boy I'd come to love. It was perfect.

"No," he said. "It's just something you'd hear in a chick flick. I didn't think you were so 
gay."

"Me? Gay? Weren't you the one with a dick up your ass last night? Begging me to fuck 
you?" I laughed, and Tyler sighed dramatically, the humor in his eyes giving away his 
enjoyment at the dig.

"I guess I walked into that one, huh?"

"Yeah," I responded, repositioning myself so that we faced each other. "Are you ok?"

He gave me an incredulous look at the question. "Um... Yeah. Why?"

"Well, we did a lot of stuff last night and I wanted to make sure you were ok with it. 
Not uncomfortable."

"Uncomfortable?" Tyler paused for a moment. "Wasn't I the one begging you to fuck 
me last night?" He grinned at me. "Doesn't that suggest I wasn't uncomfortable?"

I rolled my eyes. "Are you ever serious?"

"Yes," he said, losing all humor in his face. "I'm serious. I'm seriously glad I'm here. I'm 
serious when I say I... I like being with you. That you," he struggled to find the words, 
"that you make me feel happy and safe. That you give me butterflies in my stomach." 
He looked at me earnestly, as if trying to convey his appreciation and affection.

"Tyler?" I asked, my voice soft.

"Yeah?" he responded.

"That sounded pretty gay."


.........


My comment caused both of us to dissolved into a massive fit of giggles and Tyler, 
apparently feeling playful, pounced on me in mock indignation. We wrestled in the bed 
for a little while, our bodies rubbing up against each other as we kissed and tussled and 
laughed. In the end, our erections needed attention and the two of us traded blowjobs.

Needless to say, it took a while for us to get downstairs.

Quell was already eating breakfast, a smile on his face indicating he had enjoyed the 
previous night. His smile morphed into a grin when we sat down, though he didn't 
make any comment. After eating, we said farewell to the innkeeper and took to the 
road, ambling down the path and out of the village. 

The next week and a half flew by, with the three of us traveling toward the Kaylor 
mountains and Molg Elharn at a steady pace. Each day, we found ourselves beset by 
members of the Black Brotherhood but, while they grew greater in both numbers and 
skill, Tyler and I found them more a nuisance than a true threat.

On several occasions, we found ourselves crossing paths with various individuals who 
requested our assistance.

Two days from the village of Bonnie Hill, we ran across a peddler whose cart had been 
vandalized by pixies. They had come in the night, he told us, and snuck away with parts 
he needed if he was to continue traveling. He requested that we find his horse's 
missing horseshoes, the beast's bridle, the wagon's missing wagon wheels, the latch to 
the back of his wagon, and the man's lucky rabbit's foot. We found the parts within an 
hour and the merchant thanked us profusely.

Three days later, we came across a small cemetery and a fatigued cleric. The man 
explained that the ghosts of those who had been buried in the cemetery had been riled 
up by an evil necromancer and that they needed to be sent to the great beyond. Giving 
us a holy symbol, he had us scour the countryside and help ten Wandering Ghosts 
leave this plain of existence.

We passed through a hamlet the following afternoon and were hailed down by three 
boys of about thirteen. Stopping to speak with them, the lads quickly requested that we 
help settle a dispute by acting as a neutral third party. Apparently, the boys were trying 
to figure out who had the largest cock among them but, as they were almost exactly 
the same size, they had come to disagree about the final result. Dropping their pants, 
the boys stroked themselves to erection and we took a look. It was quite difficult 
making a determination, it turned out, but one boy was just slightly larger than the 
others. We declared him the winner and moved on.

Several days later, we met a hunter who asked us to collect fifteen wolf ears. Prowling 
the forest, we quickly found our prey, harvested the requested ears, and turned them 
over to the grateful man.

Solving problems and fighting Black Brotherhood members were not the only things we 
did, of course. I paid close attention to Quell every time he case DIPPERS LITTLE TENT 
and, by the ninth day on the road, I had mastered the spell and was able to cast it at 
will. I also discovered that the spell had found it's way into my spell book, confirming to 
me that it was absolutely possible to learn spells by observation.

Tyler, Quell, and I bonded over games of Gamat every night. True to his word, Quell's 
instruction seemed to make both Tyler and I better players and, by the beginning of the 
second week of travel, we found ourselves giving as good as we were receiving when 
battling Quell's card. Near the end of the journey, both Tyler and I were even able to 
win a few rounds.

Then there was the sex...

Popping Tyler's cherry seemed to set off a spark in the boy that rapidly developed into 
a full-blown inferno of lust. Every single night, the boy spread his legs to Quell and I 
and the two of us took full advantage of his tight and eager hole. Tyler and I also took 
turns fucking Quell, the elf just as eager as the human to get his backside plowed. 

On the third night, as I was blowing Quell, Tyler slid behind me and whispered that he 
wanted to fuck me. I moaned and nodded, spreading my own legs and giving him 
ample access. To my surprise, the boy didn't enter me immediately. Instead, he spread 
my ass carefully and slid his tongue deep into my crack. I absolutely squealed as he 
began lapping at my puckered hole, the feeling incredibly addicting. The rimjob lasted a 
long time, to my delight, but it eventually ended with Tyler shoving his bloated 
cockhead into me.

There was no resistance. No pain. Instead, as the boy thrust in and out of me, I was 
overcome with the most fantastic feeling of pulsing pleasure and knew, in that moment, 
that fucking on Aurora was way different than fucking on Earth. Way different, and way 
better.

I inquired about anal sex with Quell the following day and, through some careful 
questions, learned that assholes always stayed tight and never were damaged by a 
hard fucking. They also were incredibly elastic, easily accommodating the largest pricks 
and never needing lubrication. Quell gave me some funny looks as he told me that 
every male secreted natural lubrication in and around his asshole and that there was 
never any need to add any other substance to make the mating easier. 

It made sense. Every night that I fucked Tyler, his asshole seemed virgin-tight but was 
easily penetrated. After speaking with Quell, I also discovered I could slip into Tyler 
without even needing to lubricate my cock; the boy's asshole becoming slippery the 
moment he began to get aroused. My own asshole responded the same way, I 
discovered, and I soon began to relish when one of the boys would giving me a hard 
fucking in the tent.

The trip ended two days after entering the Kaylor mountains, the huge stone gates of 
Molg Elharn only a mile or so away and the three of us eagerly talking about enjoying 
the amenities of the Dwarven fortress city. While not a huge city, Quell assured us that 
the fortress, which was nestled between two tall peaks, had plenty of opportunities for 
us to relax, recharge, and find odd jobs. With the outskirts of the fortress in sight, we 
were surprised when a man stepped out from behind a rocky outcropping. He was 
dressed, I realized, like a Black Brotherhood assassin. His demeanor, however, was 
neither reckless nor aggressive.

"Adventurers," he said calmly. "You have been quite uncooperative. I am displeased. So 
are my masters."

"You are a member of the Black Brotherhood?" Tyler asked, withdrawing his axe slowly.

"I am. First Dagger Cecil Maskee, at your service." The man bowed, though it was not a 
friendly gesture.

"Are you going to attack us, First Dagger?" Quell called. "Your men have not been able 
to best my companions yet."

The man sneered at the elf before turning his attention to us. "No. I am not going to 
attack you. I came, instead, to give you a warning. If you allow the elf to enter the 
dwarven fortress, the Black Brotherhood will consider it a transgression on the highest 
order. Slay him, adventurers, and I will reward you handsomely. If you do not, you will 
face the consequences."

"Fuck you," Tyler spit at the man.

"Tyler!" I said, shocked by the bad language. Though he said much more inappropriate 
things in the bedroom, such language on the road seemed... out of place.

"Yeah, fuck you!" Quell said, grinning at the small barbarian.

The man raised an eyebrow. "Very well. Do not say you haven't been warned." Slipping 
behind the rock, the man disappeared from view. Tyler and I charged, of course, 
dodging around the obstacle in order to pursue, and hopefully slay, the assassin. To our 
surprise, the man had disappeared.

"Transported away," Quell said, coming up behind us. "If I didn't say it before, I think I 
made the right choice asking you to be my companions on this trip." He smiled at us.

I patted the elf on the shoulder before the three of us grabbed the cart and headed into 
the stronghold of the dwarves.


.........


As we began to pass the gates, the stone columns chiseled with the visages of dwarven 
warriors and kings and a gate guard waving us through, Tyler and I jumped in surprise 
as the light of leveling up flashed around us. Pulling up my UI, I realized that I was 
indeed now level 10.

"That was weird," Tyler said.

"Maybe we got experience for getting Quell into the city?" I responded.

"Cool," Tyler mused, his eyes darting about as we entered a small courtyard that served 
as the entryway into the fortress. Bushy bearded dwarves were everywhere; standing 
guard, dealing with pack animals, and working on the open-air forge that was tucked 
away in the corner of the stone plaza. They looked like the dwarves from the fantasy 
books on earth, all bearded, short of stature, and solid. Red hair was everywhere, as 
clear an indication as any that Clan Firewhiskers ruled the mountains.

"Over here," called Quell, the elf having escorted the cart over to a group of dwarves 
who appeared happy to see him. While he introduced us as his travel companions and 
bodyguards, he introduced the dwarves as representatives of the Dwarven leadership. 
Then, with a wide smile, he presented Tyler and I each three gold coins. 

"Tyler. Ian." He bowed. "It has been an absolute honor traveling with you. I should be 
here in Molg Elharn for the next several months as the trade negotiations transpire. 
Please feel free to reach out to me if you require anything that I can provide. I will be 
staying in the merchant's district, in the house of Bollar Firewhiskers."

"Aren't you worried about that guy from the Black Brotherhood?" Tyler asked. I nodded 
at the question.

"Oh no!" Quell responded, chuckling. "They can't reach me here."

"Those right bastards could try," one of the dwarves said, "but I know that they'd be 
cut down long before they could touch a hair on the elf's head!" The dwarves laughed, 
slapping each other on the back.

Pointing us in the direction of the merchant district, Quell said his farewell and left with 
the dwarves. Tyler and I shrugged before taking the reins of the horse and heading 
towards the merchants. Quell was a nice kid and I think we were both going to miss 
him.

A merchant bought all the crates of salted fish, absolutely delighted at the seafood. 
Another merchant bought all the loot we'd picked up over the past two weeks, with 
swords and armor and bows and knickknacks being hauled into his back room as his 
eyes glittered with greed. A third merchant bought the cart and the horse, once again 
relegating Tyler and I to travel by foot.

We made an absolute killing.

"You know," I said to the boy as we ate dinner at a small outdoor stand selling roasted 
boar shanks and cheese pies. "If we want to retire from adventuring, we could always 
set up a business bringing fish to this mountain. It's pretty lucrative." Tyler nodded, his 
face stuffed with a hearty cheese pie.

Swallowing a moment later, the boy responded, "Good to know, but I'm not done being 
a hero yet!" I nodded in agreement. "Ian," he started, "I'm looking at my UI and it 
doesn't look any different from when we were level 9. What do you think we gained at 
level 10?" 

Pulling up my own UI, I pondered the question. "I don't know," I said. "Maybe we didn't 
gain anything."


.........


Finding a clean and respectable looking inn, Tyler and I checked in for the night, took a 
bath, and crawled into bed. Our first night without Quell, the two of us absolutely 
mauled each other sexually. We licked. We sucked. We teased. We giggled. Eventually, 
Tyler had his first climax as I tongued his sensitive butthole and teased his hard little 
nail. Then I came after a prolonged session fucking the lad, with the eager boy jerking 
himself off to a powerful orgasm during my enthusiastic pounding. We slept hard, 
unsure of what we would be doing the following day.

When we got downstairs, the innkeeper, a dwarf named Sallo, handed each of us a 
piece of paper as he served us our breakfast. Tyler and I exchanged glances, this 
having been the first time either of us had been given mail here in Aurora. "Both came 
for yah this morning," the dwarf said before working his way over to another customer.

Opening mine, I scanned the page. "Ian. I am Thorlius Spellweaver, Journeyman Mage 
and Arcane Caller. I write to you on behalf of the Runic Tower. I need to speak with 
you. Please bring this letter to Stoneshaper Joja at the wizard's spire in Molg Elharn. 
Thank you." I frowned. Who was Thorlius Spellweaver and why was he writing to me?

"This is weird," Tyler said, his face scrunched up as he read his own letter.

"How so?" I asked slowly, still puzzling out my message.

The boy looked at me and shrugged. "Take a look," he said, handing me his own paper.

Looking at it, I frowned as well. In nearly illegible script, it read: "I AT GATE NO GO IN 
DWARVES SAY SO YOU COME HERE TYLER WE TALK MOCHAK IRONFUR" 

Huh?

We finished breakfast, staring at the papers and wondering what this was about. Then, 
a flash of inspiration struck me. "Tyler!" I said, suddenly.

"What?" He looked at me curiously.

"I just thought of something." The boy raised his eyebrow. "We both just turned level 
10. That's kind of a big deal, right? Double digits?"

"Ok..." the boy said, not understanding.

"My letter is written by a mage. Yours looks like it was written by someone... 
uneducated. Maybe a barbarian? What if these are quests for us? Like, for our class or 
something? That happened a lot in Land of Heroes and other games like it. You hit an 
important level and some NPC writes to you and starts you on a class specific quest."

"That... sounds good, I guess," Tyler said. "Maybe?" 

We finished breakfast and headed out the door, quickly finding the front gate. As we 
approached, a dwarf guard spotted us and waved us down. "One of yah be Tyler?" he 
asked, his gruff voice like gravel.

"Me," Tyler responded.

"There's a barbarian outside the gate ask'n for yah. We let him send in a message but 
we don't let orcs into Molg Elharn. Better go out ta see what he wants."

We nodded and slipped through the open gate, immediately seeing a huge orc sitting 
across the road. With light green skin and rather intimidating tusks, the orc was busily 
eating a huge haunch of meat. I noticed that he was nearly nude, wearing only a kilt of 
animal fur that contained a variety of small pouches. He didn't even have shoes! Laying 
next to him was a massive axe, the thing almost as big as I was and certainly heavier.

Looking up at us, he waved with one greasy hand before tearing off a chunk of the 
flesh. Tyler and I looked at each other, unsure what to do. We hadn't met a nice orc, 
though Quell had told us that some generally evil races had good individuals within it. 
We approached cautiously.

The orc didn't look at me. Instead, he gave a toothy grin at Tyler. "You is Tyler? You is 
barbarian?" His voice rumbled, a low base that almost seemed to shake the ground.

"I am," Tyler said, puffing out the chest. If he was nervous, he didn't show it. I was 
kind of impressed, actually.

"I is Mochak Ironfur. I is Great Claw of Bear Tribe. Wiseman of tribe have vision of you 
coming to dwarf mountain. Sent Mochak Ironfur to find you. Get you. Bring you to tribe. 
We go now?" While his speech was very rough, there was an earnestness to it that was 
hard to understate. His grin, looking somewhat alien on his green and scarred face, was 
endearing.

"Um... Why should I go to your tribe?" Tyler asked. Though he did not raise the 
question in a challenging manner, he still asked with steel in his voice. I nodded at 
Tyler. He was one impressive kid.

The orc pondered the question for a moment before rising to his feet. He was 
absolutely enormous, easily seven feet tall and three hundred pounds of pure muscle. 
His body seemed sculped, reminding me of a true bodybuilder, and I almost chuckled at 
the difference in size between he and Tyler. It was stunning to behold and I took a step 
backwards. Tyler did not. "You come with Mochak Ironfur to become true barbarian. 
Become part of Bear Tribe. Become master of wilderness. Warrior of legend. Great 
honor in Bear Tribe. Great heroes." His grin never waivered.

"So if we come with you, then I can become a stronger barbarian?" Tyler asked slowly.

The orc screwed up his face, glancing to me for the first time. His eyes widened, almost 
as if he didn't realize I was there. "No, tiny Tyler barbarian. You come. Wizard stay."

"Now wait a second," I said sternly, grasping Tyler's shoulder and raising my staff. "The 
hell I will stay. Where he goes, I go." There was no fucking way I was going to let Tyler 
go somewhere without me. Especially some barbarian tribe I knew nothing about.

The orc chuckled. "Wizard. Boy barbarian invited. You not. Simple. He choose. He come 
or he stay."

"I... but... Ian's my friend. I'm not going anywhere without him." He looked up at me, 
nodding. I nodded back.

"You invited. He not," the huge orc said again to Tyler, sitting back down on the ground. 
"Mochak Ironfur stay here for three moons. Then leave. You come find Mochak Ironfur 
if you want come to Bear Tribe. To become great barbarian. Not come forever. Only 
seven moons. Then Mochak bring you back here to dwarf home. You choose." He 
started back at the meat, ignoring us.

Tyler and I entered Molg Elharn without saying a word. It simply wasn't going to 
happen and I knew Tyler agreed with me.


.........


We soon found ourselves standing in front of the wizard spire of Molg Elharn. It was not 
difficult to find, with many signs in the fortress city pointing the way. The entrance was 
a grand archway, leading into a worked stone hall filled with marble pillars. Tyler had 
been quiet as we traversed the town, no doubt stunned at the audacity of the orc 
outside the gate. To think that he would go off with that orc! Ridiculous. 

A dwarf in a long grey robe approached us as we entered, raising his hand in greeting. 
"Good day, heroes. What are yah about?"

"I'm looking for Stoneshaper Joja? I received a letter directing me to seek him out." I 
handed the dwarf the letter but he only glanced at it.

"O'course! Over there!" He pointed to another dwarf down the hall, the older dwarf's 
beard a thick grey with only light streaks of red. We approached, catching the dwarf's 
eye immediately.

"The name is Joja. Stoneshaper Joja. Can I help yah?" He was polite, sitting on the 
bench with an open book in his hand.

"I'm Ian. This note said I needed to speak with you?"

"Yes. Yes. Ian. A wizard, right? Thorlius Spellweaver wants to see you in the Runic 
Tower. You ready to go?"

"The Runic Tower?" I asked.

A look of confusion passed across the dwarfs wrinkled face before he smiled in 
understanding. A twinkle in his eye showed his sudden mirth. "Ah, I understand. You 
have not been adventuring long, have you young man?"

I shook my head. "No. I'm sorry."

"Not to worry," the dwarf said, closing the book and putting it in his satchel. "The Runic 
Tower is a meeting place for wizards, a place where those who study the arcane arts 
can seek refuge and training."

"Do all wizards go to the Runic Tower?" I asked, intrigued. Sounded to me like this was 
some sort of class quest.

"Oh no, lad," the dwarf answered. "The Runic Tower is just the local wizard hall. There 
are others like it throughout Aurora. But it's the local one. Most wizards in the 
surrounding three hundred miles or so have been to the Runic Tower at least a couple 
of times. Great place to learn. But local. You ready to go? I'll transport you."

"Transport me?" I asked.

"That's why Thorlius Spellweaver sent you to me," he answered. "I handle most of the 
transportation spells from Molg Elharn to other places. So you want to go?"

I looked down at Tyler. The boy was nibbling on his bottom lip, lost in thought. I 
grinned. He was probably wondering what kind of challenges we would face at the 
Runic Tower. I turned to the old dwarf spellcaster. "I guess we are ready."

"Oh. Well that's a bit awkward. The boy can't go," the mage said, looking sheepish. 
"That's the rule, lad. Only wizards."

"You're kidding," I groaned. "Really?"

"Really. But you should only be gone for a week. I'm sure your barbarian friend has 
someplace he can go to train and learn. Right?"

Mother fucker. It was a class quest. Only, we were each supposed to go our own way. 
What had the orc said? That Tyler would be gone for seven moons? So... a week? I 
sighed. The universe wanted each of us to do this class specific quest line by ourselves. 
Fuck! Fuck fuck fuck!

I was about to decline when Tyler spoke up. "Ian," he said. I looked at him. He had 
puffed out his chest slightly and looked determined. Oh shit. It all clicked into place.

"No," I said.

"Yes," he countered.

"No way."

"I think we've got to."

"We don't. We can walk away right now."

"And maybe miss out on something important?"

"I'd rather that than something bad happen to you with me not there."

"And what makes you think something bad would happen to me? Has there been 
anything in our... time here in Aurora that has indicated something bad might happen 
to me?"

"Well..." Shit. The kid had a point. "No, but..."

"Yeah, that's what I figured."

I grabbed Tyler's shoulder and maneuvered him into a corner, away from the ears of 
the various wizards in the hall. The old wizard, Joja, grinned before reaching into his 
sack and pulling out his book. "Tyler," I began.

We argued for nearly an hour. I said it was too risky. Tyler said it was worth it. Then 
we decided to head back to the inn, as lunch was going to be soon. We argued during 
the walk. We argued during the meal. Eventually, Tyler told me I was being an idiot 
and he went up to the room, slamming the door in my face when I tried to follow.

I wandered around the town for a while, staying close to the inn. I shopped for a bit, 
not buying anything and trying to figure out the words necessary to convince the boy 
that splitting up was a bad idea. When I got back to the inn, I found Tyler sitting at the 
bar and drinking an ale. He didn't acknowledge me.

"You know, in every horror movie, things go to shit when the party splits up." I said it 
half joking. Tyler didn't respond. I ordered a beer and we sat in silence, the day slipping 
by.

We ate dinner early before Tyler informed me that he was going to go out and do some 
shopping. I told him he had better not go out to talk to the orc. He gave me a dirty look 
before storming out. By the time he crawled into bed that night, I had begun to worry 
that he had actually left. He didn't say a word to me before falling asleep.

The next morning was filled with a similar tension, though Tyler's anger had apparently 
dimmed down. He was civil to me as we got ready, which was a step in the right 
direction, but he seemed almost... sad.

Finally, I couldn't take it anymore. "Tyler," I practically pleaded. "I'm sorry but my mind 
is made up. It's simply too risky for us to leave each other." We were sitting at a table 
in the common room, eating a late breakfast.

He turned and looked at me, his face sad. "You know," he began, "this place isn't Earth. 
It's... different. Better. Here, there's... freedom. Adventure." He smiled gloomily. "When 
we first ended up here, I was really scared. Really really scared. But I learned, really 
fast, that there is nothing to fear. Mainly because you made me not be scared anymore. 
But also because of how different this place is. Remember what we've learned? That 
boys as young as seven go out and get jobs. That boys my age, like Quell or Nellie, are 
capable and independent and... respected. I like that. I really like that."

"You can be capable and independent and respected," I said quietly. "I respect you."

He shook his head. "I don't think you do, Ian. Remember when I went down the tunnel 
in the goblin cave and you spanked me afterwards? And you made me promise I would 
do what you wanted." I nodded. "That's not... respect. That's... umm... that's forcing me 
to not be free. To be, like, a slave." I gave him a sour look. "Ok! Ok, not a slave exactly. 
But like a kid back on Earth. Here, boys younger than me make decisions for 
themselves. Here, I don't get that same right. It's kinda sinking in that, even though I'm 
surrounded by people who are free to do what they want, I'm... not."

I pondered what he had said for several minutes. My stomach was twisted in a knot as 
his words hit home. He was... right. I didn't respect him; not like I should. Since coming 
to Aurora a month ago, we had been through a lot of stuff. Never once did he 
demonstrate that he couldn't be trusted. Never once did he seem to make bad, childish 
decisions. Hell, I'd even allowed him to have sex. But I was worried. What if he went 
somewhere and something happened? What if some magic spell or bullshit put us 
hundreds, or thousands, of miles away?

"I'm just scared," I said finally. "I'm scared that something might happen that will 
separate us. I couldn't take it if I lost you." I looked away from him.

"Well," he said, thoughtfully, "you are a wizard. Do you think there is anything you 
could do to make sure I don't get lost?"

Shit...

.........

After a brief discussion with Stoneshaper Joja, we found ourselves standing in front of 
Maker Foz Boulderbottom. The plump dwarf, his cheerful demeanor putting me at ease, 
answered my questions, proposed some solutions, and, after confirming he could do 
the work, took two gold and twenty silver from both Tyler and I with a suggestion that 
we come back the following morning. The rest of the day went smoothly, with Tyler 
and I wandering around the town and relaxing as best we could. That night, we were 
even able to screw around a bit.

The next morning, we found ourselves in Maker Boulderbottom's shop. "My customers!" 
he said as he came out of the back room. "Your order is done!"

Opening up a small box, he presented us each with a silver ring. Slipping them on, the 
crafter gave Tyler and I the proper incantations to make them work before walking us 
through a detailed explanation of our newest magical items.

"These two rings are known as Rings of Linking. They are, in fact, linked to each other. 
After saying the activation phrase, the rings disappear from your finger and become 
both invisible and ethereal. The reason for this security measure, of course, is so that 
no enemy can take the ring from you. If he can't see it, and he can't touch it, he can't 
steal it!" The dwarf laughed. "Give it a try!"

Both Tyler and I said the magic activation words and, much to our surprise, the rings 
disappeared. In fact, it felt like they were totally gone; being both invisible to the eye 
and losing all substance. In fact, had I not known I was wearing the ring, I would have 
no idea it existed.

"Perfect!" the mage said. "Now, don't tell anyone you have those rings on you. Only the 
most powerful magic users can detect them so, if you keep them secret, none should 
be the wiser. The next part is rather easy. Simply mutter the next incantation and close 
your eyes."

I did so and was shocked to see a picture form on the inside of my eyelids. It was of 
Tyler, sitting next to me in the office of the merchant. The detail was clear and, as I 
concentrated, I was able to move the image around my companion 360 degrees. I also 
had a slightly formed misty arrow pointing in his direction.

"As you can see, these rings allow you to view your companion. While you won't be 
able to speak, you can at least see each other and know that the other is safe. You can 
also tell which direction you would have to travel to find them, a useful tool if one of 
you ever finds yourself in need of rescuing. Now, when you are done viewing the other 
person, say the next incantation and the image disappears."

I did so and, when I closed my eyes again, I only saw darkness.

"Cool," said Tyler, looking excited.

We spent the next hour playing around with the rings, walking through the city and 
forming images of each other in our minds. Then we tracked each other down, using 
the directional arrow that helpfully pointed us towards the other. The mage had told us 
that these rings have no range limit, giving us the ability to be thousands of miles apart 
but still able to see that the other was safe.

With this tool in hand, I felt considerably better.


.........


"You is ready?" Mochak Ironfur said to Tyler as we approached him later that day. The 
orc was in the same spot as before, sitting on his bottom and doodling in the dirt. He 
stood when we got near him, grinning broadly.

"I am ready," Tyler said. He absolutely shivered with anticipation. On the way out here, 
he had told me that he was very excited to have the opportunity to learn from other 
barbarians and that he couldn't wait to see what challenges he would face. I nodded 
along, still somewhat apprehensive but nonetheless willing to let him make this decision. 
"But you will bring me back in a week, right?"

"Yes! Yes! Seven moons! Good! Good!" Mochak gave a great burst of enthusiasm 
before sticking two fingers between his lips and blowing. A piercing whistle assaulted 
our ears for a moment and Mochak, his task complete, began to clap his hands 
excitedly. "You become great, little Tyler! Bear Tribe powerful barbarians. Learn much! 
Grow strong!"

A loud roar echoed in the distance and, within seconds, a huge grizzly bear came into 
view. The things was bigger than a car. Bigger than an SUV. It was impossibly big, a 
dire bear to be sure. It loped towards us at a trot and my eyes grew larger and larger.

"That Stinky. Friend of Mochak. Fight beside Mochak in many battles. Stinky very 
strong."

I was tempted to raise my staff as the thing got closer, a primal terror rising up in my 
gut as the vicious carnivore got closer and closer. Tyler seemed unaffected, standing 
with his back straight and his eyes forward. Soon, the bear reached us and Mochak 
headbutted it affectionately, the bear and orc growling at each other before the bear 
began to lick the giant barbarian's face the way a dog might greet it's owner. Then they 
began to wrestle, rolling around playfully as Tyler watched on in fascination and I 
looked on with incredulity. Finally, the two ceased their roughhousing and settled down.

"We go? Now?" Mochak asked Tyler. Tyler nodded.

"We go now." He said.

Mochak nodded and began packing up his few possessions, stuffing them into a huge 
sack that was tied underneath the bear's giant head. After everything was thrust into 
the sack, including his huge axe, the orc, to my great surprise, reached into his kilt and 
released whatever had been holding it up. The skirt fell to the ground, leaving the orc 
totally nude before us. Tyler and I both gasped, the massive orc ignoring our stares as 
he picked up the kilt and slid it into the sack. His green cock was as big as he was, a 
python hanging over a sack of nuts the size of oranges. 

"Naked. Tyler. Naked. To ride Stinky. Must be naked. Rude if not naked."

We stood still for several moments, trying to process what the orc was talking about. 
Apparently impatient, Mochak reached over and, rather gently, took Tyler's backpack 
and tossed it into the giant sack. Tyler's weapon followed. Then, as I watched, the orc's 
massive green hands quickly stripped Tyler's clothing off of the stunned lad until the 
boy was as naked as the orc. The clothing went into the bag.

Mochak gave Tyler an appraising look. "Nice. Hot. We have fun later. Now, we go. We 
ride."

Before Tyler or I could say anything, Mochak grasped the small boy around the waist 
and lifted him up onto Stinky's wide shoulders. Jumping up, the orc slipped a leg over 
the bear as well and the bear rose to it's full height. With Tyler's smooth pale body 
pressed back against the orc's green skin, and probably feeling the orc's massive cock 
resting against his ass, the boy suddenly came out of his trance and gave a grunt of 
surprise. The two nude figures, riding bareback on a bear nearly the size of an elephant, 
looked at me before the animal spun away and began to gallop down the path.

"I'll see you in a week!" yelled Tyler, looking back at me with a huge grin.

"In a week!" I yelled back, watching as they disappeared down the road. Fingering my 
ring finger, though, I knew I would be seeing Tyler well before the week was over. In 
fact, I was going to be checking on the boy every half hour until I was satisfied he was 
safe. Turning, I headed back into the dwarf stronghold.

