THE VICTORIAN INFLUENCE ON THE CORSET

BY MISTRESS MICHELLE

Although, as we have seen from a previous article, corsets in one
form or another have been with us since medieval times, there is
no doubt that these garments reached the peak of development
during the Victorian age. In the name of fashion, they became so
rigorous as to be classed almost as instruments of torture.

Stays began to be composed not simply of whalebone or hardened
leather but of bars of iron or steel three to four inches broad
and many of them no less than eighteen inches in length. A
ladies' magazine reported that it was no unusual thing `to see a
mother lay her daughter down upon the carpet and, placing her
foot upon her back, break half a dozen laces in tightening her
stays.' The excuse put forward for subjecting young girls to such
arduous constriction was that, if one started the practice early
enough, it would not become such a torture in later life! At the
beginning of the Victorian era there were even `schools' where
girls underwent a form of figure training. There is a report of a
pupil at such a school, aged but 13, who was fitted with corsets
which did not open in front and were fastened by the under
governess in such a manner that to attempt to unlace them during
the night would be immediately detected at the morning's
inspection. After the first week or two she felt no discomfort or
pain of any kind though, as she was still growing, her stays
became proportionately tighter.' Who can say, one is forced to
ask, that this helpless young creature did not feel any
discomfort or pain?' Surely it would be impossible for anyone to
endure such a crushing garment without the most acute discomfort
and for the whole night long. It seems at this distance
impossible to approve of such practices, yet there were plenty of
people ready to speak and write on the benefits a girl or a woman
received from such restrictive practices. Ancient history was
even dragged up, with hour-glass illustrations, as proof.
Examples of the tight lace cult came from Java, Ceylon, the South
Seas, Circassia, Egypt, Persia, India, Palestine and even Greece
and Rome. The intervening interval of the Middle Ages was always
lightly passed over for that was a period when the waist was
allowed to be its natural self. At least to a very considerable
extent.One can only assume that the advocates of such a cruel
fashion must have been sadistically minded. At least, they wished
to see women placed under some form of restraint, thus
emphasising the domination of the male. One must also assume that
many women must have been masochistically minded to submit to
such things. Still, as we still know, women have always been so
vain and such slaves of fashion, they will put up with
practically anything to outdo another woman or capture male
attention. The recent horrible outcrop of platform soles and
high- wedge heels is a typical example of this.

Naturally not everyone was in favor of such tight corseting. In
1828 a middleclass tradesman wrote as follows:

`My daughters are living instances of the baleful consequences of
the dreadful fashion of squeezing the waist until the body
resembles that of an ant. Their stays are bound with iron in the
holes through which the laces are drawn so as to bar the
tremendous tugging which is intended to reduce so important a
part of the human frame to a third of its natural proportion.
They are unable to stand, sit or walk, as women used to do. To
expect one of them to stoop would be absurd. My daughter,
Margaret, made the experiment the other day; her stays gave way
with a tremendous explosion and down she fell upon the ground,
and I thought she had snapped in two.'

Afew years later, in 1837, an article in a magazine called
`Female Beauty' stated:

`Women who wear very tight stays complain that they cannot sit
upright without them, they are compelled to wear night stays when
in bed . . when the young lady spends a quarter of an hour lacing
her stays as tight as possible, and is sometimes seen by her
female friends pulling hard for some minutes, next pausing to
breathe, then resuming the task with might and main, till after
perhaps a third effort she at last succeeds and sits down covered
with perspiration, then it is that the effecL of the stays is not
only injurious to the shape but is calculated to produce the most
serious consequences. Despite the obvious dangers and
discomforts, women were not deterred, however. Many adult women
boasted waists of no more than sixteen inches. One such, writing
in the magazine `Queen' claimed such a waist and perfect health
as well, saying: `if the various organs are prevented from taking
a certain form or direction, they will accommodate themselves to
any other with perfect ease.'

Somehow such a fantastic statement is so typical of the Victorian
era. Their knowledge of medicine and science was still remarkably
small yet, in their arrogance, they already assumed `they knew it
all!'

Considerably later on, in 1868, a woman confessed in the
`Englishwoman's Domestic Magazine' that she had never laced
tightly before being married. Then she discovered her husband was
very much in favour of a small waist. At the time, her natural
waist was twenty three inches (which many women today would be
quite content with!) but undeterred, she ordered a pair of
fourteen- inch stays and, on the very day of purchase, managed to
lace her waist down to eighteen inches. Then, sleeping in her
corset at night she got her maid to tighten it one inch every
day, until the laces met and her waist was fourteen inches. For
the first few days the pain was very great . . but in a month or
so I would not have taken them off on any account.' This lady
added that the admiration she received from her husband amply
rewarded her for her pains!

Forty or fifty pupils at a well known boarding school were
subjected to the tightest of lacing every day . . . however much
they might protest. One of the girls in a letter of protest
wrote:

`We are daily imprisoned on vices of whalebone drawn tight by the
muscular arms of sturdy waiting maids . . . all entreaties are in
vain and no relaxation of the cruel laces is allowed during the
day under any pretext except decided illness.

When this letter was published it aroused quite a furore. Not one
in sympathy for the girls, however. Masses of letters came from
school-mistresses who practised similar cruelties on their
pupils. Tight-lacing was defended to the death and excused on
grounds that ranged from `She did not experience any
inconvenience after the first two years' to `it only makes girls
temporary sufferers.'

In the 1830's things became just fractionally easier for some
women. India rubber had arrived and there were such
advertisements as:

`An elastic stiffening of a vegetable substance has been
invented, instead of that spiral brasswire now used for shoulder
straps, glove tops, corsets etc ...

`Patent caoutchouc instantaneous closing corsets; this novel
application of India rubber is by far the most extraordinary
improvement that has ever been effected.'

These advertisements appeared in 1836 ... yet by no means all
women took advantage of the comparative relaxation then
available. Five years later a fashion magazine was reporting:

`The modern stay extends not only over the bosom but also all
over the abdomen and back down to the hips; besides being
garnished with whalebone to say nothing of an immense wooden,
metal or whalebone busk passing in front from the tops of the
stays to the bottom; they have been growing in length by degrees;
the gait of the Englishwoman is generally stiff and awkward there
being no bend or elasticity of the body on account of the form of
her stays.'

During the next ten or fifteen years the battle between the old
rigidity and the newer, more elastic materials continued. There
came `The Corset Amazone' which by the aid of elastic lacings
yields to every respiration, and by pulling a concealed cord can
be shortened three inches.'

`The elastic bodice with front fastenings was another substitute.
Yet, during the same period, there was advertising for `100
patterns of stays for ladies and 50 for children 7/-for eighteen
inch waist rising 6d. an inch.'

We come now to an interesting point. Despite all the advertising
and all that has been written about the astonishing slim waists
that tight-lacing produced, we must ask, were the Victorians
deluding themselves? At least to quite a considerable extent. One
must ask this in view of a most interesting exerpt from Elizabeth
Ewing's fascinating book, `Fashion in Underwear!'

`A revealing footnote to these and a host of other accounts of
Victorian tight lacing has been provided in our time by Doris
Langley Moore, a leading costume expert. In order to find out the
facts about the reputed eighteen inch waist, she measured more
than a thousand waisted women's costumes from the Victorian
period. She failed to find any less than 201/2 inches round. The
Gallery of English Costume, Manchester, bears out her findings;
it has no dress on show which measures less than 21 inches at the
waistline. To minimise measurements is an enduring and not wholly
unendearing vanity - did the Victorians indulge in self-delusions
about their waists in the way that many substantial ladies of
today will, without batting an eyelid, declare themselves size
twelve and never never admit to being a self evident sixteen?'

Be that as it may, there is no doubt at all that there was a vast
amount of very tight lacing and corseting right through the 19th
century. And, after all, a 21 inch waist is a pretty slim one, is
it not?

By 1867 there was a `glove fitting corset' which had front
fastenings held together bya spring latch. There was also, about
this time a French back-fastening corset with a long steel busk
down the front. Until 1875 the corset, as a general rule, had
remained fairly short. Now it began to lengthen to give a long,
slender figure. Apart from the physical, some saw it had a moral
restraining influence as well. `It is an ever present monitor
indirectly bidding its wearer to exercise self restraint; it is
evident of a well disciplined mind and well regulated feelings.'
Further evidence of the fantasy world in which so many Victorians
seem to have lived!

In around 1887 came an innovation which was to have a marked
erotic effect on the minds of men for generations to come. The
suspender was invented. Hitherto, of course, garters had held up
stockings but now suspenders of satin and elastic with clips for
the stocking tops made their appearance. Great exciteent was
caused by Offenbach's Grand Opera Bouffe, presented at Leicester
Square with `French dancers with naked thighs with suspenders
stretched across them to keep up the stockings.

At first these suspenders were not always attached to the corset,
but to a separate harness which went over the shoulders and
crossed at the waist. A variation was a waist belt worn over the
corset.. . which was very much like the small suspender belt
which was to make its appearance many years later. By and large,
however, it was the corset which became the suspender and
stocking holder at this stage . . . and, practical as it might
have been in its origination, its sexy effect was, and still is
most powerful.

The colouring of corsets became very popular during the 1880's
and they came to be made of luxurious materials like silk, satin
or brocade. For some reason yellow became a favourite colour in
the 1880's . . . and large frills and rosettes were attached in
abundance. In short, the corset had become not only a garment to
emphasise the lines of the figure . . . thrusting out the breasts
and buttocks while it slimmed the waist . . . it had now
developed into something which had a sexual attraction of its
own. Men fell for it hook, line and sinker.

The majority did so as it made their lady-love more femininely
shapely. Also the very restrictive nature of it gave them a
feeling of possessive superiority. In a way, the body of the
woman they desired was `caged' . . . held ready to be released by
them and sub-sequently enjoyed.

On the other hand, there were, and are today, a considerable
number of men who view the corset quite differently. Strange as
it may seem, for them it is not a garment which renders the woman
submissive, quite the contrary in their view it emphasises their
dominance! The `Mistress' whom they yearn to prostrate themselves
before is a woman of Junoesque proportions which are enhanced by
the tightly laced corset she wears. Most probably the corset is
one of black leather . . . a material which appeals to the
masochistically minded. Naturally there were women and brothels
who catered for such men and they knew how to dress appropriately
to satisfy their clients, many of whom paid handsomely for the
privilege of becoming made -temporarily at least into
submissives. For, as is well known, the Victorian reign was not
only the age of the corset, it was an age of flagellomania as
well. Indeed, it became known as the `Vice Anglais'. The
following is an account (possibly partly fictional) given by a
young aristrocratic entleman who had a taste for such things nd
could afford to indulge them in a well- quipped brothel: `The
Madame who received me was a woman of appropriately severe looks
which immediately sent a shiver of mingled apprehension and
pleasure up and down my spine. I would have guessed her age to be
something like 45 years, which was perhaps rather older than I
would have preferred. She was garbed in a corset of black satin,
heavily reinfoced with whalebone which stretched from her ample
breasts - which were thrust high by it - down to the tops of her
strong white thighs. The waisting was tight enough to give her an
hour-glass effect, but was not over-tight. Black satin and
elastic suspen-ders, taut to her stockings, were in stark
contrast to her bare flesh. There were four attached to each
stocking. The ankle boots she wore had something like a dozen
buttons on them and the heels were unusually high.

She ordered me to divest myself of my clothing, which I did
promptly and she then produced a birch-rod composed of about half
a dozen slim switches, held together by a red ribbon binding at
the handle end. She announced she was going to give me half a
dozen strokes `as a preliminary' and as a means of impressing her
authority on me. These strokes I received kneeling over a low
stool. They stung and smarted painfully, but I made not a sound.
I am hardened to such things and, strange as it may seem to many,
pain provided it is kept within limits - gives me pleasure. No
doubt, by that preliminary beating, the Madame was also testing
out my powers of endurance.

"I have many girls here to serve me," she then announced, "but
you, abased wretch that you are, are going to be honoured by
serving one of them!"

"I was both intrigued and excited by this. It was a diversion I
had not experienced before. The Madame then conducted me to
another room where I found waiting one of the young ladies of her
house. She was pretty, about 20 or so and quite naked. This girl
went on her knees before the Madame but was told to rise. It was
I who had to go on my knees before the girl. In effect I had been
made the slave of the slave . . . and, upon Madame's orders and
under her watchful eyes,I had to kiss and tongue the girl from
her feet up to her waist line. Naturally enough it was an
exercise which roused me greatly and I received several slashing
strokes of the birch which were intended, no doubt, to subdue my
ardour. If anything, they had the opposite effect!

My final act of abasement was to have to garb the girl in similar
fashion to the Madame. That is to say, fasten on and lace up a
short, waist-nipping corset . . . attach the suspenders to
stockings which I had previously drawn on . . . and then button
up her black boots. Perhaps something of my agitation can be
imagined. All of her body was constantly exposed to my gaze and
repeatedly my hands and fingers were forced to come into contact
with her young flesh. Yet . . . I knew well enough . . . that
young body would ultimately be denied me. A slave such as myself
would never be permitted to enjoy such a thing. That, believe me
dear reader, is how I wished it to be difficult though you may
find it to understand.

Throughout this dressing process, the Madame's orders were
precise and strict. If ever I was slow or erred, the birch was
swift to fall. Again and again it contorted me with fiery pain.
When lacing was not tight enough ... or suspenders not taut
enough . . . buttons clumsily hooked. But I struggled on till my
task was complete.

The climax of my humiliation and suffering came when the girl was
permitted to flog me with the birch for the `honour' I had been
giving in so serving her. The torment became almost unbearable .
. . and the ultimate release I sought came suddenly and
spontaneously. The flogging ceased immediately. After numerous
salves had been applied to my lacerated flesh I was permitted to
leave. And I left well satisfied."

This account well illustrates the strong, erotic power of the
corset. Here it is doubly strong, for two women are encased in
the tight leather. There can be little doubt that the author's
bizarre satisfaction would have been considerably lessened if he
had undergone this treatment in the absence of a garment which
had such special significance for him.

The corset as an erotic garment continued into the Edwardian era
. . . and, of course, beyond that. It still had its practical
uses for shaping the figure but its severity lessened.

