


Nerve Endings - 19
by DeeDee18 (deedeeo18@hotmail.com)

Babysitting six wild little Indians. I'm the Cowgirl. 
(b+/f, ped, nc, rp, bd, orgy, tort)


Another weekend, without my little pixie. 

I was working on homework in my room, when I heard the 
downstairs phone ring. Since Angie only called on my 
cell, I ignored my mom mumbling, and turned my 
attention back to Algebra.

Mom came up, and asked me if I wanted to earn some 
money babysitting for the neighbor lady. I asked her if 
both kids were going to be there, and she said no, only 
Carl, and a group of his little buddies having a 
sleepover with him. The mother was taking Jennie to the 
show to see a movie that was too adult for Carl.

I said okay. 

I threw off my shorts and top, and slid my little 
sundress over my naked body, and packed up my book bag 
and headed downstairs. Since I was only going next door 
I decided to leave off my sandals and just go bare 
footed.

I walked next door and knocked, and Jennie and her mom 
met me at the door. Jennie grinned, and threw her arms 
around my neck, and kissed me hard on the mouth. Her 
mother stared at the blatant show of affection.

"I see you and Jennie are good friends now," she 
laughed.

"Yes, we run into each other quite often lately, it 
seems," I said, as I looked at Jennie and we both 
giggled, as we recalled the incident on the bus.

"Jennie said she saw you on the bus. She said you held 
her, to keep her from being scared, when the lights 
went out. I want to thank you for that."

I looked at Jennie and saw the gleam in those big brown 
eyes. I shivered as I remembered her tiny fist moving 
in and out of my wet cunt on that bus! I felt my 
nipples start to tingle and my cunt started to seep.

Her mother looked at me with alarm, and asked, "Are you 
okay, Jan?"

"Yesss, I just felt a little chill is all!" I 
stammered, as the shaking slowly subsided.

Jennie wiped the sweat off her upper lip, and closed 
her mouth, which had been hanging open, as she ogled my 
body, with lust written all over her face. Luckily, her 
mom was too concerned with me to notice.

I stepped into the entryway, and the light on the porch 
back lighted my thin dress, so Jennie's mom could see 
clearly where my cunt was split by the crack between my 
puffy little lips. 

Her mom gasped, as her hand came up to her mouth, and 
she shivered, as she stared at my barely concealed 
naked body!

I walked on into the living room, so she could breathe 
again, and asked her about Carl. She said his friends 
would be arriving any minute, and I could just let them 
play until they ran out of gas. Then they could all 
sleep on the floor, in the den, in sleeping bags.

I dumped my bag on the couch in the den, as Jennie and 
her mom left. Carl came running into the room and 
leaped up on my lap, and gave me a little boy smooch 
right on my mouth.

"I was hoping you would baby sit my friends and me! 
I've told them all about you, and they are anxious to 
meet you."

"Just what have you told them, big guy?" I asked.

"That you were beautiful, and I liked you a lot!"

I hugged him tight, and kissed his head.

"That is the nicest thing a boy has ever said to me. 
And I like you, too. But you kept our little secret, 
about Angie rubbing you the other day, didn't you?"

He nodded, and blushed, as he remembered the thrill 
that had run up his little penis, when Angie stroked 
him. Then the doorbell rang.

Carl jumped down, and grabbed my hand, and hauled me to 
the door, which he then threw open. A wild group of 
boys stood in the light staring up at me. I shook 
hands, very grownup like, with each one, and then Carl 
led them all into the Den.

I settled down on the couch, and watched them 
roughhouse, and play video games, and generally cut up, 
like all little boys do when they think they can get 
away with it.

I made them some snacks, and they sat in a circle, and 
munched, as they watched cartoons on the VCR.

After a while Carl came over and asked if they could go 
into his room. I said sure. They ran off shouting, and 
then I heard them whispering in his room. I tiptoed 
down the hall, and stood by the door, to listen to the 
excited jabbering.

"Wow, Carl, you were right! She is really cool!"

"Yeah, Carl, did you kiss her yet?" This brought on a 
bunch of giggles, and good natured kidding at Carl's 
expense.

"Well, you think you're so smart! Well I did, when she 
first got here, so there!"

"Yeah, right! Betcha didn't!" "Did too!" "Didn't" and 
so on.

"Well, I'll prove it to you! Come on, let's go back 
into the den, and I'll kiss her right now, in front of 
all of you!"

I rushed quietly back to sit on the couch. They came 
dashing into the room, and formed a circle around me, 
as Carl moved between my legs, and threw his arms 
around my neck and planted a big one on me.

I kissed him back gently, and then slowly pushed my 
tongue against his closed lips. He opened slightly, and 
I slid into his sweet little mouth, and ran around his 
lips. His body began to vibrate, as did mine!

He pulled harder on my neck, and that forced his little 
body hard against my swollen clit underneath the thin 
dress. His wiggling worked the dress up, until I felt 
the fabric from his shorts rub my bare cunt lips.

I gasped in his mouth, as a little thrill jerked my 
body.

The other boys were standing there in awe, with their 
mouths hanging open. I broke away from Carl's flushed 
face, and looked at them. They were all staring down at 
my cunt lips, sticking out below the hem of my dress.

That made me so horny, that I almost grabbed my cunt, 
but caught myself in time. I looked at each boy's 
shorts, and they all had little tents in front. God! 
That turned me on even more, knowing they were getting 
hard ogling my body!

As I sat there gasping for breath, my nipples were 
jutting out hard against the silk top, and the little 
boys were trying to look down my front, while staring 
back and forth at my cunt.

I finally came out of my stupor, and swatted their 
rears playfully, as I told them to go play in Carl's 
room. They ran off giggling, and looking over their 
shoulders, as I pulled my short dress back down.

All was fairly quiet for a while, until Carl came back 
out alone and said, "The guys want to play Cowboys and 
Indians. Can we?"

I said, "Sure, so who's going to be the cowboys, and 
who will be the Indians?"

"Well, we thought you could be the Cowgirl, and we'll 
be the Indians, Okay?"

"I guess. What do you want me to do?"

"Well, could you make us all loincloths from some 
towels?"

"Sure, let's go get some from the closet in the master 
bath."

I brought the towels into the den, and the little boys 
lined up to get fitted.

"You guys have to take your clothes off, if you're 
going to really look like Indians with loincloths."

They all looked back and forth at each other, and then 
began to strip down to their underwear. I looked them 
over as my breath caught in my throat. They were all so 
cute, with little firm bottoms, and cute little nipples 
on their hairless chests.

I fitted each one with a small towel in front, and one 
in back, held together with safety pins. I ran my hands 
all over their sweet little rears as I smoothed the 
material down. I noticed their little penises poking 
their little jockeys out between their legs, and I bit 
my tongue, to keep from gasping out loud.

"You know, Carl, real Indians didn't wear jockey shorts 
under their loincloths."

"Yeah, but then we'd be naked under the towels!"

"That's right. Do you want to be like real ones or 
not?"

They exchanged glances, and I could see that nobody 
wanted to look chicken, so they all pulled their 
underwear down under the towels. I shuddered when I 
realized that six little naked penises were throbbing 
under the very small towels in front of me!

"If you are the Cowgirl, we have to tie you to the 
stake, and dance around, and war whoop!" Carl said, 
with a glint in his big brown eyes. The rest nodded, 
and agreed, loudly.

"Oh, alright, but what will we use for a stake?" I 
asked.

"How about the hall coat and hat rack? It's about the 
right height so your arms will be over your head." 

I gasped, when I realized that I would be at the mercy 
of this wild gang if I let them tie me up like that! 
Then I felt the waves start, as I got really turned on, 
envisioning myself hanging there while they all ogled 
me.

I let Carl tie my hands together tightly, and then he 
threw the clothesline rope over the top of the hall 
tree, and pulled it down from the other side. They all 
heaved together, until I was standing on my toes, 
stretched out with my arms above my head. 

Then they tied my ankles down to the feet, so my legs 
were spread a little, and my body was up tight against 
the smooth round pole. I felt moisture start down my 
thigh, as I shook and panted.

Suddenly I realized the predicament I had let myself 
get in, as I felt the cool air across my now bare 
bottom. When they pulled my arms up the little sundress 
rose up, so my body was naked up to the top of my slit. 
My rear was totally naked under the wild glances of the 
panting little Indians.

They started dancing around, and whooping, and raising 
their make believe tomahawks over their heads. Carl 
raced off to his room, and came back with a bunch of 
his little belts, and I shuddered when I saw what they 
were going to do!

As they danced around me in a circle, they flicked the 
little ends of the belts over my lower body, until I 
was red with heat. I was jerking, and gasping, as 
juices ran down my legs, and orgasms plagued my sweaty 
little body.

Then one yelled out, "Let's strip the Cowgirl, and then rape 
her like they do in the movies!"

I yelled, "NO!" As I felt hands pulling hard on the hem 
of my sundress. They tugged harder and harder until the 
little spaghetti straps gave way, and the dress fell 
down over my erect nipples, then to the floor.

They were all panting hard, as they danced around, and 
whipped my rear, and then around front to my cunt and 
nipples.

"Oh, God! Please stop! Don't! Unh! Unh! Unh!" I panted, 
as the little belts drove my tits and cunt wild, with 
ripples of pain and pleasure mixing together, until I 
was bucking my hips against the pole with my cunt lips 
spread, and my feverish clit pounding the smooth wood!

They continued to whip me, and I kept having one orgasm 
after another, as I jerked against the tree, with my 
head hanging back and my mouth hanging open, as I 
gasped for air! My naked body was shining from sweat, 
and red, from the continual flicking ends of the belts!

As I recovered somewhat, when they tired of whipping 
their little arms, I shuddered as one said, "Let's 
untie the rope from the tree, and throw her on the 
floor, and rape her!"

Carl undid the rope from the top, and then they pulled 
me to the floor, and tied the line to the couch leg! I 
felt hands pull my legs open, and start to slide upward 
to my thighs, as my nerve endings pulsed continuously, 
sending little ripples up and down my gyrating body!

They ripped their towels off, and I stared at their 
little penises waving in the air.

Then I felt hands run over my tits, and fingers pulling 
on my nipples. Little mouths were all over, nibbling, 
and sucking, and biting, sensitive spots, until I 
thought I couldn't stand any more! As I rolled back and 
forth, hands would run up my crack, and fingers probed 
every hole in my hot throbbing body.

Just when I thought it was almost over, I felt one 
little boy straddle my face, and felt a little penis 
slide between my gasping lips. I clamped my mouth down 
on the stiff little pole, and began to suck, as I 
swirled my tongue around his gland. I felt his little 
body shudder, as cream shot into my gaping mouth.

When he climbed off another took his place. Then I felt 
a probing penis at my cunt opening, as I realized I was 
really going to be raped for the first time. The little 
prick in my cunt drove me wild, as it surged in and 
out, and the smooth stomach massaged my swollen clit!

I jerked up off the carpet, and screamed around the 
penis in my mouth, as another huge orgasm whipped 
through me!

"Oh, God! Umph, umph, umph, oh I'm cumming! Fuck me 
with your little dick, shove your penis deep into my 
throat, I'm CUMMING!!" As I arched my back, I felt 
fingers up my butt, and penises in my cunt and mouth, 
and I shook and shook as I came, all over the little 
boy between my legs!

I was totally consumed with lust, as I continued to 
wiggle and squirm for what seemed an eternity, until I 
couldn't stand anymore, and collapsed on the carpet!

*** 

I raised my head up and saw all six little boys lying 
prone on the floor; gasping for air. They were 
exhausted from the extreme effort they had put out 
fucking me silly. I reached up and wiggled one of my 
hands free, and undid the rope, and then staggered into 
the bathroom to clean my self out.

I stepped into the shower, and the little boys crowded 
in with me, as we soaped each other clean. Then we all 
dried off, and they pulled on their shorts, as I slid 
my dress over my trembling body, and tied the broken 
straps in makeshift knots on my shoulders.

They wearily rolled the sleeping bags out, and crawled 
in, and fell asleep almost instantly, with huge smiles 
on their faces.

I flopped on the couch to recuperate, and dozed for a 
while. As my body recovered I felt arousal start 
again as I watched the little chests rise and fall in 
slumber.

I got up and tiptoed over to Carl and pulled his bag 
open. I slid my hand down into his shorts and began to 
jerk him off. He opened his eyes and grinned, as he 
reached up to hug me down to him.

I straddled his small hips and reached down and pushed 
his shorts off. Then I guided his now stiff little 
penis into my cunt, and slid down, until he was 
completely imbedded in my wet hole.

I moved my hips up and down, as he closed his eyes and 
bit his lip. I fucked the little boy beneath me, while 
I dragged my stiff nipples back and forth over his 
mouth, until he shuddered, and came in me again. When 
his hot cum hit my walls, I jerked and trembled, as the 
orgasms erupted over and over!

I finally climbed off the limp little boy, and kissed 
his head, and said goodnight, as he fell asleep again.

I got a cup of coffee, and sat and looked at the 
little guys, until I heard Carl's mom pull into the 
garage. I opened the door in the kitchen, and Jennie 
burst through the door to hug me.

"How was the show, sweetie?" I asked.

"It was awesome, Jan! And one guy was a real hunk!" she 
giggled.

I laughed, as did her mom. Then she paid me, and I 
kissed Jennie goodnight, and went home.

As I felt the dewy grass between my toes I thought 
about the evening, and smiled to myself. I loved 
getting raped that way. It was something entirely new 
to me, and I had to tell Angie all about it, so I ran 
up to my room and grabbed for my cell phone.

