Virgin Aunt's Used Panties

Sniffpanties
storyman@yahoo.com

All these stories are actual events which happened throughtout my
life. I enjoy feedback, so do e-mail me to compliment or insult
my stories.

This story all started when I travelled back to my family home to
visit my parents during the recent holidays. My aunt who lived in
Australia had also planned a trip back and thus I found myself
under the same roof with an early 50's virgin unmarried aunt.
With all honesty, my aunt was not a hottie or someone who would
make heads turn in public, but I hadn't seen her in 4 years and
for her age, she still looked pretty good. She had dyed red
rebonded hair with a slim figure. Her breasts were merely 30B,
but for an Asian, it was considered rather an average size.

The day she got back, my whole family including me, my parents,
my sister, my wife and my kid spent almost the whole day out with
her, eating lunch and walking around the local shopping mall. She
was in black slacks and a pink top, and considering I hadn't seen
her for ages, I found myself wondering what her underwear looked
like. After all, it is worth pondering what panties a virgin
unmarried woman at her age would be wearing. Would it be the more
conservative granny styled panties or was there a raging slut
underneath her exterior who loved to wear sexy underwear?

I didn't get to satisfy my curiosity for the whole day, as even
after reaching home from the mall, she didn't change out of her
clothes or take a shower. I nursed a painful hardon the whole day
watching her walk around my house and sprawled on the couch
watching television. My whole family went out for dinner late at
night, and I was still fantasising what panties were covering her
maiden cunt. Tried very hard to spot hints of a visible panty
line (VPL) but her slacks were slightly baggy and didn't give me
much of a hint of what lay underneath it. Finally, upon reaching
home after dinner, my aunt went to take a shower and dumped her
whole pile of clothes into the laundry basket upstairs. I would
have loved to dive into that basket rightaway, however my wife
and parents kept loitering around upstairs and I didn't get a
chance for at least an hour after the panties were off her cunt.

My chance finally came when my parents suggested to drink some
wine as a nightcap before sleeping. Putting my daughter off to
bed, the whole family settled into the hall downstairs to drink
and chat. After about 20 mins of drinking, I feigned a
stomachache and rushed upstairs to swipe her panties out from the
basket and into the toilet. I was shivering in anticipation as I
locked the toilet door and settled myself in for an explosive
jerkoff. I carefully examined my prize. A pair of pink M sized
Triumph Sweeties cotton brief panties rested in my palm. There
was frilly lace around the leg and waistband area, and this
merely served to enhance my excitement.

With a pounding heart, I slowly opened to view the crotch area.
To my disappointment, there were no juices or discharge at all in
there. Not even the usual yellow spot in the crotch. My heart
sank, did my aunt use panty liners? Slowly I raised it to my
nose. The familiar musky pussy smell rose from the cloth. Mixed
with it was a strong piss smell as well as sweat. After all, my
aunt had worn this pair for the whole day. My cock immediately
rose to attention. Even though there was no visible cunt juices,
the smell was very much present. Strange that with such a strong
smell, there was no sign of any pussy juice on the panty at all.
My aunt must really wipe her pussy often throughout the day.

My shorts dropped to the floor immediately and I started rubbing
my rock hard cock while sniffing the crotch. Her musky cunt smell
kept my hardon going strong as I lubricated my cock with some
baby oil kept on a rack in the toilet. After I had sniffed enough
of her cunt, I tentatively took a few licks of the crotch area. I
tasted a salty aftertaste in my mouth. This was the closest I
could get to licking my aunt's cunt!

I started taking deeper breathes when I could feel my climax
approaching and I inhaled as much as I could of her pussy scent.
Old maiden cunt smells just as good. I had to exercise great
restraint to avoid myself shooting my sperm right into my aunt's
panty crotch. I love shooting sperm into panty crotches and
watching my sperm mix with pussy juices. In the end, I shot long
streams of cum all over the toilet floor. Realising I had been
gone rather long, I quickly wiped up my mess with tissue and
flushed to complete my act.

On the way downstairs, I dropped her now scentless panties back
into the basket, just the way she had left it. I rejoined my
family in the drinking session and snickered quietly to myself
while watching my aunt as I ran over the memories of sniffing her
panties in my mind.
