Soccer Dommes (F+/M)

Part 1. 

The three girls performing soccer practice appeared to be having a lot of fun.  I stopped to watch as I walked home from the corner store.  A well-built brunette with long straight hair in a ponytail, and a leggy dark-haired girl easily ran across the field with the ball.  The goalie was a slender, small-breasted blonde with a ponytail and a salacious smile.

After a while I heard one of them shout, "Let's take a break!"

The athletic brunette saw that I was watching, and came over.  "Hi!" she said, and sat close to me on the bleachers.  "My name's Cindy."

I shyly mumbled my name and shook her hand.  She was certainly not shy - she sat so that her bare knee was in contact with my leg.  I enjoyed the sensation.

"Do you have a girlfriend?" Cindy asked after a moment.

"Not right now."

"I have a boyfriend," she said, and paused.  "See the blonde over there?  She doesn't have a boyfriend.  I wish she'd find one - she likes to practice on the rest of us."

I looked at Cindy. I didn't know what she meant.  Then she giggled.

"We're all roommates, and Kimber - the blonde - is taking some classes or something.  She has to practice giving enemas and physical exams and things.  She really enjoys it.  I guess that was too kinky for her boyfriends."

I developed an erection from Cindy's talk.  By that time the other two girls were on their way over to see what was going on.

"Hey Kimber," Cindy enthusiastically shouted, "I think I've found you a subject (giggle) I mean a friend!"

Kimber was more stunning up close than from a distance.  Her slender legs appeared smooth and strong.  A dizzy smile graced her freckled face as she extended her hand.  Cindy got up and put her hand on Lorraine's shoulder and said, "Let's leave these two alone."  They walked back to the field.

Kimber took Cindy's place, and also sat as Cindy had - with her bare leg in contact with me.  That aroused me and I felt the firmness of her leg through my jeans, and knew that my erection probably showed.

I felt awkward and at the same time I wanted to talk to Kimber and get to know her better.  "Cindy tells me that you are all roommates," I said.

"Yes," she replied in a soft and sensuous voice.  "I'm taking classes, Cindy works at State, and Lorraine is a paralegal in  a law office."

"When Cindy said something about finding a 'subject'..." I said, and then paused.

Kimber gave me her dizzy smile again.  "Oh yes," she began.  "I need to practice...  frankly, I need to practice giving enemas and other health exam kinds of things.  I've been practicing on them a few times a week, and they're getting kind of tired of it.  I wouldn't mind practicing on you - but only if you don't have a girlfriend."

I gazed at her face as fantasies raced through my mind.  If I don't say yes, I thought to myself in spite of the nervousness in my stomach, I'll probably regret it.

"Yes," I replied.  "I - I'd like that."

"Good - I practiced on them yesterday, but I'd like to do you right now.  You can come with us - the others won't mind.  In fact, they're probably relieved that I wont be doing them!"  She put her hand on my thigh, and I nodded in assent.

Kimber grasped my hand and stood up, and shouted to the others, "Cindyyyyy!  Lorraine!  We're going to the house.  See you later!"

They waved in acknowledgment, and Kimber kept hold of my hand.  She walked briskly, and in a few short minutes we were at her place.  She let us in the house and got us each a glass of cold water.  We made small talk for a few minutes, and then she said, "Okay, let's go into the practice room."

She opened the door to one of the bedrooms and there was what looked like a massage table in the center.  Then, there was a portable metal stand, and a cabinet with several drawers and compartments.  Finally, there was a small bathroom adjoining.

"Strip down to your undies and lie face down on the table," Kimber instructed.  "I'll be back in a little bit."

When she left I hurriedly removed my clothes.  The feeling in the pit of my stomach was similar to that which I remember when a new lover and I were on our way to bed.  It was a mixture of anxiety and excitement.  My heart raced as I climbed onto the table and lay face down as instructed.

A few long minutes passed and then Kimber came in.  She had changed clothes and wore a clean white uniform dress.  The hem of the dress came down to mid-thigh.  She also wore white sneakers with ankle socks, and had let her hair down.

A knowing smile illuminated her face as she stood where I could see her.  She snapped on a disposable glove and said, "I want you to address me as 'Nurse Kimber' when I wear this uniform.  You'll find that I'm quite strict about that."

She paused for effect and said, "First I'll take your temperature.  Stay on your tummy now."

She walked around, grasped my briefs and slowly slid them down so my bottom was bare.  It felt so sexy the way she ceremoniously did that.  A moment later she spread my bottom and inserted the rectal thermometer.  She kept it almost constantly in motion, either twisting it from side to side or pushing it in further or withdrawing it a little.  Every time it contacted my prostate a sensuous feeling zinged through my body.  A few minutes later she withdrew the thermometer.

"Okay, now I'm going to check your prostate," she almost sang in her beautiful voice.  "I want you to get down, slip your briefs off, and bend over across the table."

My erection pointed straight out.  I leaned across the examination table as she lubricated her gloved middle finger.  Again I felt her spread my bottom, and then she inserted her finger.  She pressed hard against my prostate.

"Uhhhh!" I groaned.  She kept up the exploring and the pressure.  "Ohhhhhh."  I felt little squirts of prostate fluid seep through my cock.  After a few moments of this, she withdrew and discarded the glove.

"You certainly do need an enema!" Kimber exclaimed.  "I think we should start with a two quart soapsuds retention enema.  You may need a second, bigger one."  She spoke in an almost official sounding voice.  "You can watch as I prepare it," she smiled.

I stood up and turned around.  Stringy droplets of pre-cum dripped to the floor from the tip of my cock.  Nurse Kimber retrieved a red closed-top enema bag.  Then she put some water in a canister and checked the temperature, adjusting it until she was satisfied.  Then she put a generous amount of enema soap in the solution and stirred it.  Finally, she transferred the solution to the red enema bag and closed the stopper.  She attached an inflatable nozzle to the enema hose, flushed some water through it, and hung the bag on the metal stand.

"Okay, up on the table, on your hands and knees," she instructed.  When I was in position, she donned a latex glove and thoroughly lubricated me back there.  Then I felt the tip of the nozzle at my entrance.  She pushed steadily until it was in, and then inflated the portion that was inside me.

"Ohh!  Ah!" I exclaimed as the nozzle literally filled me up.  Nurse Kimber giggled.

"On your back, now!"

When I repositioned myself, Nurse Kimber lightly grasped my cock with her firm feminine hands, and released the hose clamp.  The enema began to flow.  As soon as the warm soapy water started coursing into me, there was a knock on the door.

"We're back," Cindy announced.

"Come on in!" Nurse Kimber said.  I immediately startled at the prospect of the other females seeing me like this.  Kimber giggled and said, "It's okay if they watch."

Cindy and Lorraine were all smiles as they approached the table.  Kimber's sexy fingers almost absent-mindedly manipulated my cock, bringing me to an erect state in spite of my anxiety.  By that time the enema was really filling me up, and I could not keep quiet about my predicament.

"Unh!  Ahh!  Please!  Please stop the flow..."

"You're supposed to address me as Nurse Kimber!" she snapped.  "I'll deal with your insolence after the enemas.  And no, I won't stop the flow.  It's all got to go in."

The girls giggled at my moans and writhing as I struggled to take the enema.  At that point I wished that I had not agreed to the enemas.  Kimber kept the flow of the enema going, and a few moments later the bag was empty.

"Ohhhhh...  Ahhhhhh...  Oh, I'm so full!"

"You're going to hold it for a few minutes now," Kimber said in her sweet voice.

"I'm glad it's you and not me this time," Lorraine admitted to me.  "I went through this yesterday."

I felt a sensuous throb course through me at the thought of The slender Lorraine, naked on this very table, getting the same treatment.  Lorraine continued to describe her session.

"She pumped me so full of that enema!  Then she made me hold it forever.  Yes, she really did me good."

My rod stood straight up in spite of my fullness.  Kimber looked at her watch and said, "A couple more minutes and you can get rid of it."

Cindy stood with her hands on her hips, a slight smile on her face.  I sensed arousal in the girls, and their arousal added to mine.  Three athletic girls in the same room, all sexually aroused.

"Okay, let's get this nozzle out and then you can get up," Kimber announced.  She deflated the nozzle and tugged until it slid out.  I got off the table and hurried to the bathroom.

"Be sure you get rid of all of it," Kimber commanded.  "Then take a shower and come out to the living room." The girls then left me alone.

I spent some time getting all the enema out, and afterward took a quick shower.  When I dried off, I noticed that my clothes were not in the room.  I had no choice but to go to where the girls were, in a naked state.  They all giggled at my embarrassment as I gingerly stepped into the room they were in.

"Come sit over here," Kimber said.  She and Lorraine were on the sofa, and she made room for me to sit between them.  Cindy was in an easy chair across the room.  It was a tight fit between Kimber and Lorraine - it felt good.  Lorraine had dispensed with her knee socks and shoes; Nurse Kimber was in her uniform dress.  It almost appeared that they deliberately planned the situation so that their bare legs were in contact with mine.  The pleasurable sensation from that contact, of course, caused me to develop a raging erection.  The three girls made small talk among themselves about that day's sports practice.  Finally, Lorraine asked Kimber, "What's next with your new friend?  How are you going to deal with his earlier insolence?"

Kimber flashed a sweet smile and replied, "I think the Lorraine S-O treatment would be good."

"Oooh, yeah!" Lorraine's eyes lit up and she squirmed.

Kimber got up and instructed, "Come with me."

I followed her to her bedroom and she got on her bed, hiked up her dress, and spread her legs.  I was treated to the most delectable sight I had seen in a long time.  Nurse Kimber's firm smooth legs and an absolutely delicious-looking pussy.

"Let's see if you're any good at eating pussy," she said.

I gladly placed my mouth up to her blonde mat.  Her pussy exuded a scent that I can only describe as that of a horny athletic girl.  The sweet nectar of her natural cream made this task a pleasure.  I kissed; I licked; I sucked on her pussy.  She let herself go and writhed in pleasure, and finally climaxed hard.

I wanted to enter her, and she sensed that.  She nudged me over on my back, and got on top of me.  We kissed in a frenzied manner for a while.  I was intensely aroused and getting really impatient for relief when she said, "I'd like to spend the night with you - but not here.  Can we do that at your place?"

I quickly said yes, and Kimber replied that before she'd do that, I had to submit to Lorraine and her strap-on.  "The thought of seeing you done that way gets me so hot!" she said.  "I want you to fuck me good - after Lorraine does you and we get to your place."

I simply could not pass up the opportunity to take this blonde and horny female home to bed, so I grudgingly assented.  Lorraine had put on her strap-on while Kimber and I were in the bedroom.  I knew this because Kimber left the room only for a minute, to bring Lorraine and Cindy back with her.  I had to admit that Lorraine looked rather sexy with only her T-shirt and strap-on.  Her long firm legs were spread apart, and the strap-on probe flopped up and down with every movement.  Her straight black hair did not reach her shoulders, and it accented her rather serious and determined expression.

"Get on the bed.  Face down," Lorraine ordered in an aroused and at the same time no-nonsense voice.  When I positioned myself as she had directed, she asked Kimber for the 'long-lasting' lubricant.

"Spread your legs a little more," Lorraine directed.  Then she worked in a copious amount of the thick lubricant.  I had involuntarily grasped the bedspread with clenched fists.

"Okay, we're ready. Cindy, help hold him in place."

Cindy knelt on the bed and pinned my shoulders down.  "Oh, look at that ass!" she exclaimed.  "I want to do him, too!"

Lorraine giggled.  After a minute or so, she placed her hands on my bottom and put a considerable amount of her weight on them so that I was forcefully spread apart.

Then came the inevitable - the tip of the strap-on probe nestled up to my sphincter.  A slight thrust of her hips, and part of the probe suddenly entered me.

"Ahhhh!" I exclaimed, and my whole body shook.  Lorraine and Cindy both giggled.

"Go easy at first," Kimber admonished.  She stood at the side of the bed with her hands on her hips, looking on.

Still holding my bottom cheeks apart, Lorraine drove the probe in all the way.

"Aaaaaugh!  Ohh!" I exclaimed as Cindy pressed down on my shoulders.

Lorraine pulled her hips back, and the probe slithered outward.  Then she drove it in again to the hilt.

"Ahhh-ahhhhh!"

Cindy was still pinning my shoulders to the bed, and Lorraine's hands held my bottom exactly where she wanted it.  Lorraine slowly pumped the strap-on probe into me several more times; each pump was complete and forceful.

"I love the way he tries to squirm," Lorraine giggled.  Then she sped up the tempo of her thrusts.  My squirming and my exclamations, of course, became more pronounced.

Lorraine paused and told Cindy to let go.  Then she draped herself on top of me and grasped my wrists and pinned them to the bed.  With her legs against mine, holding me in place, she pumped her hips and fucked me.  She fucked vigorously; her insatiable lust pounded and pounded while I had no choice but to submit.  She relentlessly fucked me until she climaxed.  When her orgasm took hold, she sank her probe all the way in and kept pushing as if trying to penetrate me further.  Her moans actually stimulated me to some extent despite my predicament.

She lay on top of me for a minute or two, panting, with her probe filling me up.

"Oh, I haven't had a cum like that in a long while," she finally exclaimed, and pulled out.  I saw the arousal in Cindy's eyes, and hoped that Kimber would not have me submit to her that day.

"Your clothes are in the living room," Kimber said.  "Get dressed and we'll go."

When I had my clothes on, Kimber came out to the living room carrying a travel bag.  She was still dressed in her uniform dress, and white socks and sneakers.  "I'm spending the night," she announced to her friends.  Then we left.

I had been sexually stimulated for much of the day with no relief.  My entire midsection tingled with anticipation as the sensuous bare-legged Kimber accompanied me to my place.  I showed her to my bedroom, and she placed her travel case down.  Her dizzy smile radiated from her face, and she threw her arms around me.  Our lips met and I hungrily pressed in for kisses.

"Let's get naked," she said.  We removed our clothes and she sat on the edge of the bed with her legs spread.  I instinctively knelt before her and inhaled the scent of her womanhood.  I knew she was aroused from the droplets of creamy lubricant on her pussy lips.  I kissed and licked her pussy until her climax.  I got up on the bed, and my hard erection prominently stood at attention.  While I didn't want to rush things, I was definitely impatient for relief at that point.

We cuddled up on the bed.  Kimber pressed her chest against mine and rubbed her smallish breasts on me while we did more exploratory kissing.  When I got so aroused I could hardly stand it, I nudged her over on her back.  With wide excited eyes, she opened her legs and thrust her hips forward, signifying that she was ready.  I wanted to savor every sensation with her, so I entered her slowly and steadily.  Her warm vaginal muscles sweetly caressed my erection as I repeatedly thrust my hardness into her.  Her body sensuously moved under me as our encounter became more and more passionate.  I felt my orgasm take hold, and I surrendered to it.  Kimber whispered "Yes! Yes!" as I spurted and spurted into her sweet pussy.

Our sexual appetites sated for the moment, we went out for a meal.

"Lorraine gave a good ride with the strap-on," Kimber said as she sipped her wine.

"Yeah, she really went at it," I replied.  "At the time I didn't think it was a lot of fun, but looking back, it's kind of arousing."  I felt a slight twinge of an erection forming as I recalled the vigorous fucking that Lorraine had given me with the other two girls watching.

Kimber smiled knowingly.  "I got so hot watching that too.  Cindy wants to do you.  She thinks you have a nice ass.  She's right - but I want to do you first, before she does.  I want you to get accustomed to taking it before she does it."  My erection became harder.  Kimber reached over and grasped my hand.  "Will you submit to her - and to me?" she asked.  Her eyes were bright and wide from renewed arousal.

I knew what my answer would be.

"Come on, let's finish up," she said.  "I want to give you another enema and a good fucking with a strap-on.  By then I'll be so hot that I'll do anything for you!"  Her sexy fingers felt my erection through my jeans under the table.

Back in my bedroom, I was on my knees with my head down.  The enema gurgled inside as I moaned and Kimber giggled.  It was difficult to hold it for five minutes, but I had no choice.  Although she still wore her uniform dress, she had taken her panties off.

When I had gotten rid of the enema and cleaned up, I went back into the bedroom and saw Kimber, naked except for her strap-on, standing spread-legged with her hands on her hips and a wide smile.  "Get on the bed, lover, on your tummy!"

There was that fluttering feeling in my tummy again, and I did as she instructed.  She sensuously applied the lubricant and gently inserted the probe.  When she had it in all the way, she lay on top of me and gently, steadily, and sensuously pumped.  It felt a lot better than Lorraine's frenzied fucking, although I did a fair amount of squirming and moaning.

"Oh, that feels good," Kimber whispered repeatedly as her hips continued her relentless pumping.  The probe repeatedly snaked in and out, and pressed against my prostate each time, giving me a sexual thrill.

"Are you enjoying this?" she panted.

"Aaaugh!  Yes!"

"Yes, what?!"

"Uhnn! Yes, Nurse Kimber!"

"I'll have to (uh!) punish you for your (unh!) insolence!"

Then over the next several minutes she pumped, and pumped, and pumped, interspersing her thrusts with giggles and comments about how good it felt.

Kimber paused, her strapon probe all the way in, and said, "For your insolence, maybe I should let Cindy do you without giving you any more 'training' back there.  What do you think about that?"

She had indeed sprung a trap.  I was in the position where I either had to ask her to keep 'training' me back there, or to let Cindy have her way before that, possibly in a way that I would not like.

"No, Nurse Kimber!  Please do as much training as you can before letting Cindy do me."

"I thought you might have the good sense to say that," she giggled.  Then she pulled out, saying, "Over the next week, I'm going to give you intensive training.  Then a couple days rest, and after that you'll submit to Cindy.  She can be quite spirited.  I want no further insolence from you. You are to address me as 'Nurse Kimber' when I'm wearing my nurse's dress, OR when I'm giving you an enema OR while I'm using you with the strap-on.  All other times you can drop the title.  Got it?"

"Yes, Nurse Kimber," I meekly replied.

"Good."  Then she took off the strap-on and we got into bed.

After sleeping a while, I awoke to the sensuous feeling of Kimber's slender fingers on my erect cock.

"I'm so hot," she whispered.  "I want to feel your mouth on my pussy, and then your hard cock inside me.  Please."

My erection became harder, and I whipped the covers away from us and crawled between her legs.  She was indeed very hot.  Her pussy was wet and she moaned loudly as I lapped up her feminine cream.  It didn't take long for her to shudder and writhe in orgasm.  I then entered her and brusquely plowed her delectable pussy until I spurted forth.

In her arms afterward, Kimber told me that she had trained Cindy and Lorraine to use the strapon by giving it to them.  "In the tail?" I asked.  "Of course," she answered.  "Then I let them do me and then each other.  That was one hot time.  I used it on their pussies after all that and they came hard.  Then I had Cindy do me in the cunt.  It was heavenly.  Hey, what's this?!  It looks like you like the idea of girl-girl play, don't you?"  In spite of my recent ejaculation, Kimber noticed that her talk stimulated me to erection again.  She giggled as she fingered my turgid cock.

Part 2.

Kimber spent the following several nights with me, and gave me the 'tail training' that she mentioned.  Every night had me getting an enema, followed by a raucous session in which she fucked me in various ways with the strap-on.  And, of course, I was careful to address her as 'Nurse Kimber' all the time, even when begging her to let me get rid of the enema.  After she had her way with me I felt well used and well fucked.  Then I always put my mouth to her creamy pussy and gave her an orgasm or two before settling inside her for an episode of blissful sex.  She always coaxed a powerful ejaculation from me, after which we slept.  On a few occasions we had a second session of intimate intercourse during the night.

In the middle of the second week that Kimber put me through training, she mentioned that I'd have a couple of days to rest, and that she wanted me to show up at their place on Saturday afternoon.  She also strongly encouraged me to not have solo sex during the interim, saying it would be more enjoyable for me.

I welcomed the break from the grueling training.  As the time approached for my Cindy session I got nervous, and considered calling the whole thing off.  But a sense of adventure and curiosity prevailed, and I showed up as instructed.

Kimber looked striking in her uniform, and the other girls wore their athletic outfits except for their shoes - they were barefoot.

"I can't wait for the main event," Cindy taunted as Kimber led me to the other room for my enema.  Both Cindy and Lorraine watched the entire enema process, much to my humiliation.  Kimber put a generous amount of soap in the solution, which made retaining the enema difficult.  My choked groans and contorted writhing entertained them until Kimber told me to get up and expel and take a shower afterward.

About thirty minutes later I entered the living room where everyone was and found that the girls had set the stage.  There was a thick blanket in the center of the living room.  They had set an ottoman on the blanket, and covered it with a large towel.  Kimber had taken off her shoes, and Cindy had stripped naked and donned the strapon harness with the probe.  She stood with her hands on her hips and looked at me with a smile of anticipation.

"It's time now," Kimber said sweetly.  "Get on your knees and get over the ottoman."  My stomach did flip-flops as I knelt and presented my tail end.  "Let's get you lubricated now," she continued, and put on a disposable glove.  She went behind me and inserted a copious amount of thick lubricant.  She teased and tickle-touched my testicles and cock all the while, and I became erect in spite of my trepidation.

Then she straddled the ottoman so that she faced Cindy, and pressed her hands on my back to hold me in position.  She could, if she wanted to, simply bend her knees and use her weight to hold me in place.

Just then the doorbell rang, and I tensed up.  "I'll get it!" Lorraine exclaimed.  "That'll be the other girls on the team."  I realized then that this episode had been planned - I was to be used by Cindy while not only Kimber and Lorraine watched, but whoever else would be there.  I heard Lorraine excitedly say "Come on in - he's ready!"

Several female voices exclaimed.  I heard different voices: "Oh WOW!  Cindy!  Kimber, you look good!  Ooooh!  OH MY GOSH!  Thanks for having us over, you guys!  Oh, Cindy!" and similar exclamations.

"Lube up your tool, Cindy," Kimber instructed.  "Keep it lubed - pull out every so often and he'll last longer!"  I heard hushed whispers and tittering, and almost constant giggling from the girls.

"Ready for the show?" Cindy asked.  A cacophony of enthusiastic assent from the other female athletes filled the room.  I knew the moment was near.

Cindy knelt immediately behind me and grasped my hips.  Her thumbs pried my bottom apart and she nestled the tip of her probe against my portal.  A firm push, and the first two inches penetrated me.  I gasped at the intrusion.  The room became quiet.  Cindy slowly drove the probe in all the way, in one steady push.

"UHHHHHHH!"

She adjusted her position.  I felt her legs against mine.  She pulled back, and drove in again, a little faster than before.

"OHH!"

Then she worked up to a steady pumping motion, each time pulling back and driving in so that I got the full effect of the length of her probe.  I could not keep my vocal exclamations to myself, as much as I wanted to.

"OH!  AHH!  WOAHH!  AH!  UH!  UHH!  OHHHHH!" and so on.

Then, to the obvious delight of all the girls, Cindy began to thrust and pump more enthusiastically.  As her powerful hips slammed against my backside with each pump, she either giggled or moaned sensuously.  My reaction was to shout a brief "UHH!" and kick my legs with each pound.  I heard a few gasps of surprise from the all-girl audience as Cindy continued to powerfully fuck me.

One of the girls began to rhythmically clap her hands and cheer Cindy on.  She shouted "Go, Cindy, Go!  Go, Cindy, Go!  Go, Cindy, GO!"  Soon several others joined in, clapping their hands and chanting, "Go, Cindy, Go!"

It went on and on.  Cindy fucked and fucked.  I kicked, squirmed, and shouted.  She had pulled out a couple of times to put more lube on the probe, only to grasp my hips and brusquely re-enter me.  My gosh, that girl could pump!

Cindy finally climaxed from the action.  That did not slow her down, though - she kept on with her powerful thrusts.

The girls' cheering dissipated after her obvious climax.  It was after Cindy's second climax, while she still pumped, I felt some feminine hands and fingers on my cock.  As they manipulated and teased, I felt more hands - on my testicles, on my thighs - all the while Cindy thrust and pumped.  I gathered that some of the girls on the team were handling me.

As the fucking continued, the handling became more pronounced and sensuous, and my moans became those of pleasure.  As the girls handled me and Cindy pumped, I squirmed in an attempt to get the feminine hands to stimulate me harder.  Several girls giggled.

"Please," I implored.  "More, please!"

One girl laughed and said, "He wants more, Cindy!"  The teasing and handling kept up, and got me aroused just short of ejaculation.

"Look how hard he is!" I heard a girl exclaim.  Then I heard several girls tee-hee, and one of them said, "He's getting ready to blow his wad!"

It was the total scene - the feel of Cindy's legs against mine as she pumped, the stimulation of my prostate from her probe, being handled by several girls, and the sexually charged atmosphere - that sent me over the edge into a massive and profound ejaculation.  I don't recall details right then, but I do remember that I bucked ferociously and uttered wordless exclamations of intense orgasmic delight as I freely spurted and spurted.  Cindy stopped pumping and pulled out after my orgasm subsided.

Kimber released her hold on me and I got up and turned around.  I didn't care that strings of cum hung from my cock - hell, every girl had seen me being taken in the tail by Cindy.  I saw five other girls there - wide eyed and excited.  The atmosphere was charged with sexual tension.

"Cindy, that was the most erotic thing I've ever seen," one of them blurted.  Another piped up, "Oh, wow - quite a show!"

Kimber was the next one to speak.  "I enjoyed that so much! I need some relief right now."  Then she told me to lie down on  the floor.  She took off her panties and, in front of everyone there, straddled my mouth.  her uniform dress covered my face while I got to work on the pussy that I had become familiar with, and gladly tasted her sweet cream until she climaxed.  I heard a voice say, "I'm next."  It was Lorraine.  She whisked off her shorts and straddled me.  I pleasured her while grasping her long and firm legs.  Her profuse vaginal secretions glazed my face, and she wiggled and raucously moaned when she climaxed.

All the other girls except Cindy said "Me too!" and one by one, I orally serviced each of them to orgasm.  Each pussy had a different scent and taste, and they ran the gamut from sweet to bitter to skanky.  There was a copious amount of pussy cream on my face when I had done all the girls, and I must admit that the girls' eagerness to have me lap on their pussies was flattering.  After they left, Kimber suggested that we get cleaned up and go to bed.

After we showered and were about to climb into bed, Cindy walked in.  "Oh, that was hot!" she exclaimed.  Then Kimber asked her, "Why didn't you have him eat your pussy earlier?"

"I don't know - I figured I'd been on center stage long enough."

"Have him do you now - I have an idea on how to spice things up," Kimber said while looking at my hardening erection.  She had me lie on the bed.

Cindy straddled my mouth.  Her attractive brown-haired pussy was creamy from her arousal.  I gripped her thighs and pulled her in, and as I started to work on her, Kimber mounted me and inserted my newly throbbing erection inside her.  Two girls on me at once!  It was heavenly - Cindy moaned and writhed, and Kimber's actions whetted my enthusiasm.

When Cindy's arousal had increased to a feverish pitch, I took the liberty of grasping her breasts and rolling her hardened nipples between my fingers.  She bucked harder, which caused me to move with more enthusiasm.  I felt my pending ejaculation welling up inside, and knew I was helpless to delay it for long.  Fortunately, Cindy climaxed after a moment.  I grasped her thighs as she began to crest, and about halfway through her lengthy orgasm, I surrendered to a powerful ejaculation.  Cindy and I both wordlessly voiced our orgasmic paroxysms.

Midweek as Kimber was using me with her strapon, she mentioned that she'd be busy for a week or two, and elaborated that the other girls on the team were so aroused by seeing Cindy take me the other night, that they wanted in on it.  She planned to train them in the use of the strap-on, after which there would be a wild session where they would each take me in turn.

Kimber did not have to ask me if I would go through with it - she gauged me correctly by looking at my erection after she told me, and by my ecstatic ejaculation once I was inside her.  I had barely entered her when she teased me with talk about all those horny athletic girls who would be pounding my ass with their strapons, and all the pussies I'd be kissing and lapping.  I quickly and profusely ejaculated inside Nurse Kimber as soon as she described the scene.

We didn't see each other for a week, after which she put me through the same kind of intense training that had prepared me for Cindy's pleasure.

I knew it was going to be a very intense session when I went to Kimber's house.  There were several girls there, all with bright eyes and smiles.  Kimber, dressed in her uniform, said, "It's time for your enemas - come on back with me.  You girls can watch, too."

As the warm soapy solution coursed into me, I moaned.  The girls giggled, and my innards fluttered with anticipation of an unforgettable session.

-----
This story is copyright 2003, 2007, 2009 by (rick_oh at onolanke (dot) router5.com).  All rights reserved.  No reposting without permission.
