An Adventurous Day In The Art Class
by mbsf13

The place: a medium sized junior college (in some locales, these are called community colleges) in Northern California

The setting: an art/drawing class—human anatomy

The time: spring, 1989

Cindy is a 19 year old sophomore at California Junior College. Unlike most of her age, she knew what her career goal was. She majors in communication, looking to go into sales/advertising. She chose art/drawing as a minor, for two reasons: one reason being that it could help in advertising (planning ads), the second reason being she had a talent for it, and wanted the easy “A” she’d earn. She’s currently taking an art-drawing anatomy class.


Cindy comes from a religious/church-going family, and her personality reflects this: polite, somewhat shy, humble, bookwormish (nerdy, in today’s parlance)–and smart as a whip (valedictorian her senior year). She’s also physically attractive, 5′ 7″, 110 pounds, dark blonde/light brown (dishwater blond, as Cindy would say) hair an inch above shoulder length, parted a bit to the left of center (from Cindy’s vantage point), slightly wavy. Bright, bubbly brown eyes, cute/beautiful face. A trim, athletic figure (a cross country runner in high school, still runs five miles a day). Modest to a fault, she overdresses, wearing two/three shirts, oversized pants/sweats. In warmer weather, baggy shorts or mid calf skirts, adding to her bookworm image.

At California Junior College, the drama/film/art departments have a policy: those who major/minor in these MUST participate in plays/movies/posing, including being NUDE. The reasons for this: officially, the professors were complaining about lack of participation, and the college was too cheap to pay for nude models. When registering, all students must fill out a waiver form who don’t want to participate, with reason(s) given. The most common opt-outs were: physical problem, or religious objection. The form must have the reason stated, and SIGNED. No signature presumes that the student agrees to pose/act in ALL cases. These forms are given to the professors in the appropriate department/subject.

Cindy really enjoys her art/drawing class, she wanted to stretch her talent, and likes art in general. She also enjoyed, and admired, the models, and wished she had their confidence, especially the nude models. She also liked seeing a guy’s “stuff” (as she called genitalia). This conflicted with her religious beliefs, she’d feel guilty and quietly try to pray away the feeling, usually. Or she’d get mad at herself, then concentrate with renewed vigor. She’d also recall how irritated she’d get with shy models, a shy model is a bad model, they can’t properly show musculature, she needs to be respectful, she’d tell herself.

One Tuesday, the class schedule called for drawing the inner/upper thigh details, Cindy relished the challenge of getting that done properly. She also hoped, guiltily that she’d get to see a guy’s “stuff”. As she was getting her supplies set up, she heard the professor call her name:

Cindy replied: “Yes”. The professor: ” Are you ready?” Cindy: “For what?” The prof: ” You’re modelling today”. Cindy, in a worried/flustered voice: “I signed the waiver!” The prof, in a sanctimonious, snotty tone (he was a bit of an ass, pompous to boot) “The waiver form is here, come look if you wish.”

Cindy went to the lectern, her stomach churning, and the professor showed her the form. Cindy looked down…..no signature. Her emotions ran from anger (at her forgetfulness) to horror and panic in two seconds. She started to speak, but the prof waved his hand (as though he were swatting away a fly) and in a smarmy, condescending voice, stated: “Sorry, you didn’t sign the form. Feel free to file a protest with the dean, but that will take weeks to resolve. The three models that were planned are gone, one is in the hospital, one is at a funeral, one has been suspended for misconduct. You are it. The class is two weeks behind (snow-outs earlier in the semester), the class will be cancelled if we don’t get moving. No one wants that. Do you understand?” Cindy again began to respond, but the prof again cut her off: “No! Go to the changing room come out wearing the robe and only the robe! NOW! ”

Cindy, much like a puppy with its tail between its legs, weakly shuffled her way to the dressing (undressing?) room. While she shuffled, the classroom chatter became loud. The girls were wondering if she’d chicken out, the guys were speculating on how big her boobs were/what kind of nipples she’d have.

Cindy had lost her nerve, which angered her. Some say anger causes adrenaline to flow, which may partially explain what she discovered as she was undressing: arousal. She became horrified and appalled by this, she could feel warmth between her legs, and as she took off her shirts and bra, she saw the most shocking thing yet: her erect nipples. Her erect, THREE INCH nipples (the reason she wore multiple shirts). Her mind became a swirl of anger, terror, pleasure, embarrassment and perplexity/puzzlement. Why do I like this, she kept thinking. And added to this, she was fighting an urge to pleasure herself right then. Maddening would be an understatement. However, she finally stripped and donned the robe.

The classroom was actually a converted mini-theater, the seats torn out and replaced with desks/chairs/easels. The professor’s lectern was on a raised (about three feet) stage on the right (as you face the stage). To the far left wall, a bar was mounted, and various props were strewn about. Cindy walked to center stage.

The prof began (a bit less snottily):

“Cindy thank you for stepping up, the class WILL appreciate you for doing so (an angry leer directed at the class). There will be three poses, each ten minutes long, three minute rests between. The first will be the hardest, then easier. But first, as always, a quick two minute sketch to capture skin tone/general body shape. Cindy, hands on hips, legs shoulder width apart. Let’s go”, with a handclap.

The classroom fell silent. All eyes on Cindy. Feeling as though she was going to hyperventilate, Cindy began to untie the robe, stopped for two seconds, then untied and threw off the robe in seemingly one motion. She looked down, angered at her three inch nipples sticking straight out, giving away her arousal. She thought to herself:” stupid things, I should cut them off”. And her desire was growing still, despite her embarrassment and fear. Which baffled her, the scariest part.

The silence, which lasted about ten seconds (ten eternities in Cindy’s mind) was broken by two guys, rude, crude, lewd, and not real bright (for an easily understood reference/description, we’ll call them Beavis and Butthead). Beavis yelled out: “HOLY SHIT—LOOK AT THOSE NIPS!!” Butthead followed: “HOT DAMN! BANG ME THAT’S GOOD.” They laughed loudly and lustily (in more than one sense of the word). The prof shushed them, and asked Cindy: “Look up please!”

Cindy looked up. She was trembling, from a swirl of emotions. But she saw the eyes, the eagerly watching eyes, especially the guy’s eyes, full of admiration and lust. She saw the girls’ eyes, looking at her with anger, respect, and a bit of the green eyed monster called jealousy. Both sexes’ reactions to her nudity fed her confidence. Her trembling ebbed. Her arousal was slowly building.

Cindy is pretty hot. Her runners legs are long and perfectly muscled. A nice tight tush, not too big, but not skinny either. A firm, perky set of 34B boobs, creamy white skin. A proportional body. And…….those nipples.

The prof, in a cold, professional voice, began instructions:

Cindy, grab a chair and go to the bar on your right, class, we will be focusing on the upper/inner thigh. Cindy, face the class, place your left foot on the chair, I will position the chair myself. The prof stretched the chair a foot and a half laterally away from Cindy, one foot back.

Cindy’s thigh muscles were exposed, but so was her pussy. Her wet and SHAVED (due to fighting heat rash) pussy. The embarrassment ratcheted up when Cindy realized this. She overheard the girls saying : I’m surprised she shaves “down there”. Beavis and Butthead yelled: “SHIT, BARE-ASS TWAT!!! DAMN, WHAT A DAY!!” The prof shushed them. Most guys were just staring at her, not drawing. A few other girls were angrily drawing, the word “slut” was being whispered. The prof was having to yell at guys to draw, the girls to shut up, in that condescending way that weak pompous asses do. Quiet tumult best describes it.

Cindy was taking all this in, the embarrassment fading somewhat, everything else still at a fever pitch. The eyes watching her was priming the pump of her desire. The prof asked Cindy in a tone of cold, obligatory concern: “Are you coping?” Cindy agonizingly retorted ” Yes, let’s just get…on with it” The prof, as he turned away, raised an eyebrow, and grinned….

Amongst all this, Cindy heard a sound: SPLUT! What now, she thought, what on earth…SPLUT! Five seconds later, SPLUT! Cindy looked down….on the waxed wooden floor, she saw a small puddle. Directly under her pussy. A feeling best described as bewildered joy (mixed with embarrassment) filled Cindy. Will this ever end, Why am I liking this, she thought. The longest five minutes of her life passed before the prof broke in:

“All right, let’s break before the next pose, Cindy, do you need more….no, let’s go ten minutes”

Cindy then did something that, she would later admit, began a series of events that changed her life. Across the hall from the classroom, about ten yards away, was a restroom. Cindy ran (still nude) to that restroom (passing two happily surprised guys along the way), found an empty stall, sat down, and pleasured herself to the best orgasm she’d ever had, including her first squirt (Cindy’s sex life at that point in her life was masturbation in the shower/half asleep in bed in the wee hours), in two minutes. She rested, feeling relieved, a sense of ……confidence rising.

Cindy walked out, returned to the classroom, passing the same two guys she’d passed before (happily surprised, again, trying to suppress laughter). Cindy entered, went to the chair on the stage she’d used earlier. As she entered, Beavis or Butthead yelled:  HOLY FUCK! SHE’S STILL NAKED!!! (repeated three times). A girl muttered: “I knew it. She’s a fucking slut!” Cindy noted the wet spot was still there. She smiled and giggled upon seeing this. She sat facing the class, arms at her sides, legs slightly apart (something she NEVER did, EVER, that’s how far from her usual self she was) a peek of her pussy could be had. She looked at the class, the eager eyes (especially the guys) checking her out fed a new warmness between her legs. The nipples……well, the usual…….The prof appeared a few minutes later.

The prof greeted Cindy with a quizzedly raised eyebrow, and a voice filled with grudging admiration (and the usual snottiness): “Cindy, are you ready to presume posing?”. Cindy gladly proclaimed (surprising herself):” Let’s do it!” Her next pose, a ballerina pose balanced on one leg, one arm raised, accentuating her perky boobs. Pussy juice ran down the leg she was standing on. She didn’t care, the embarrassment was only about 2% there, the rest was giddy bliss, other bad feelings gone save one: she hoped no one had a camera. But she let that slide, the feeling was too good.

Her last pose: back to the audience bent over grabbing ankles, legs spread to about a foot past shoulder length. Her boobs hanging down, pussy exposed from the back, very wet. Cindy got embarrassed again….. and hornier. Beavis and Butthead elatedly chortled: “FUCK YEAH! HELL YES! PARTY HEARTY!” One guy in the front row, while he was drawing, kept shaking his head and cackling. Cindy was trying to focus, she was desperately trying to suppress this thought: she wanted to masturbate in front of the class, at that moment. The embarrassment of this was fueling her lust even more, near a spontaneous orgasm. The prof kept looking at her as though he couldn’t believe what he was seeing, with a weird twinkle in his eye, part surprise, part admiration, with a dash of lust, when he wasn’t trying to keep order. Cindy, even from her upside-down view, could still see the eyes eying her. At this point, intoxication for Cindy. And the spontaneous orgasm hit her. She quivered uncontrollably, while she didn’t squirt, she did feel wetness oozing down her legs, and held the pose.

The prof finally called an end to the pose, and dismissed the class. He called to Cindy: “See me after dressing please.” Cindy (still nude) loudly and defiantly replied immediately (another shock to herself): “Talk to me now!” The class stopped the folding up of supplies/equipment, conversations halted. Dead silence, all eyes on Cindy (save either Beavis or Butthead yelling “OH FUCK, THIS IS SO RAD”!)

The prof, shook his head, taken aback, grumbled: “Well, first, thanks again for posing under, shall we say, hostile circumstances (the snotty pomposity was returning). I wished to discuss this in private, but, here we are. You’ve inspired an unforeseen creativity in the class. I want this trend to continue. Ergo, I ask: Will you be the permanent nude model for the rest of the term?” As the prof finished speaking, one of students (a girl, wondrously) started yelling: “Cindy! Cindy!” Beavis and Butthead amplified this with a ” SHIT YEAH!” The rest of the class joined in immediately, save the girl who called her a slut (she stormed out). The prof wanted to join in, but he instead gestured to Cindy.

Cindy was eight degrees beyond stunned. As she allowed herself a shy(sly?) grin, she quickly formed a plan—her reply: “Provided I get an “A” and no final project I will” (a confidence expressed here also). Someone loudly whistled.

The prof’s eyes bugged out briefly, then, with a sigh, said: “All right, …done.” The class erupted in cheers, as though it was a New Year celebration. Cindy clapped gleefully, then stepped off the stage, in absentminded joy (still nude, recall) and greeted her classmates. She felt like a Queen amongst her loving subjects, or a rock star with her fans. She got every guy’s phone number (1989, remember), and a few girls too. Beavis and Butthead kept yelling profanities and “PARTY ON”. After ten minutes, the prof broke up the celebration (another class was due in).

Cindy began to dress, and, for the first time in her life, regretfully. She slipped on her panties, started to put on her bra. A thought came to her. Off went the panties, stuffed into her backpack with the bra and the rest of her clothes, only wearing tennis shoes. As she started to open the dressing room door she rethought. She then grabbed one of her wardrobe staples: a long t-shirt, reaching just above the knees. She’s covered, but it is a tight fit, the nipples poking through (naturally!), from behind, her buttcrack easily seen. Cindy felt a buzz about this, not nude, but yet…. nude. She then walked out, nodding to the prof, who had a WTF look on his face as she passed by. In the hall leading outside, she surprised two more guys, who immediately noticed her “clothing “. One wolf whistled. Cindy looked back and smiled. Before today, she’d have ignored them, and gotten angry. Now…

It was about 4 in the afternoon. Cindy had a two block walk to her car, in a college-owned parking lot that took up a whole city block. One side of the street was the college, the other, residential, mostly apartment buildings, a quadraplex or two. As Cindy walked, she was getting wetter. She wanted to strip, the t-shirt felt confining to her. She looked around, a jogger and a dog walker approaching. She kept walking, looking for opportunity. About a half block away, no one around. Off the t-shirt came, stuffed into the backpack. She was nude save tennis shoes. 10% fearful, 20% embarrassed, the rest a blend of excitement and adventure. She finished the last half block, another 50 yards to her car. She threw her backpack in the backseat. She drove home, nude. Her new life had begun.

 