Gangs
by Isabella

I got pregnant at fifteen, my parents demanded to know who the man was but I couldn't tell them, it wasn't through fear or because I loved the man it was because I really didn't know. I was a virgin one day, and I was pregnant the next. I was at school on the day it happened; the morning had been particularly boring and my mates were all sneaking out of school at lunch time to hang out in the old factory that was awaiting demolition, some girls from my class spent every lunchtime hanging with boys over there. On that fateful day the other girls in my class put a lot more pressure on me to go with them than usual so I finally caved in to the pressure from my school friends, more out of boredom than any desire on my part to hang with boys though.

As I crawled through the hole in the fence with three other girls they dropped a little bit of a bombshell that all new girls had to pass through an initiation test on their first day, Sarah Cooper said, "You just don't have to take it personally, it's just ninety minutes of discomfort and from then on, it's fun all the way!" I asked what was going to happen but was told that if they even hinted at what I could expect and I chickened out, they'd have to take my place.

I was feeling very uneasy about that last fifty yard long walk to the building, I really wanted to turn and run back to school but if I had done that I would have faced hell for eternity from the other kids in my class, so whatever the initiation ceremony was, I was just going to have to suck it up and take it. The factory had been making beds and mattresses for the "Sleep Light, Sleep Tight!" bedding company and the girls from my school had been using it as a kind of out of school club house, there were rumours of drinking alcohol, smoking and perhaps even glue sniffing. My mind was racing, perhaps they'd make me sniff some glue, I could probably fake that, they could make me drink a bottle of beer quickly, I wouldn't be able to fake that or perhaps they'd make me smoke a cigarette or a spliff, I could fake that so I was beginning to relax slightly as Sarah wriggled the heavy latch and struggled to slide the huge door open wide enough for the three of us to slip through.

As we stepped through the door I suddenly felt far less comfortable all over again, the rumours I had heard about the 'St. Mary's School for Girls lunch club' had mentioned a few boys being there but as I stepped through the doorway following Sarah and with two other girls pushing me through from behind so I couldn't run back to school, the first thing I saw were five boys, all from the comprehensive school that was a quarter of a mile away but they weren't in school uniform so they were probably playing truant.

Sarah called out, "Hi Gary, we've got some fresh blood for you today!" There was the grating sound of a wooden chair being pushed back on a rough concrete floor high above the loading bay that we were standing in. I looked up, the face looking down over the guard rail at the edge of the mezzanine floor turned my blood cold, Gary Mason, he was well known as a local villain, ten percent of every penny earned from drugs in our town went straight to him and his gang and it was said that he ran brothels, extorted protection money as well as people trafficking.

Gary looked down at me, gave me a lecherous grin, then he shouted, "Bring her up to me!" I turned on my heels to run for the still open door but Jayne and Brittany were expecting that and were waiting for me with arms wide open. By the time I pushed past them it was too late, I was caught by two of the boys from the comprehensive school and was dragged through the building to the stairway and up to the floor above.

The mezzanine floor looked like a tropical rain forest, there were very bright lights overhead and tubs full of tall plants as far as the eye could see. Gary was in the old production manager's office, it had been the workspace for four people and dozens of filing cabinets but now there was just a table and a chair and sitting on that chair was the town's biggest hoodlum. Gary had reached the top of his criminal profession in a very short time; he was just thirty years old, handsome even with scars on his face, and a good trim body, slim hips, broad chest, tight buns.

"You scared of me girl?" I nodded my head, "Good, then you know to keep your mouth shut about what goes on in here." Gary beckoned me to join him leaning on the rail looking down into the loading bay and warehouse twenty feet below. "You're lucky I'm here today, at least you get eased into your initiation, my dealers can be like a pack of dogs when they smell fresh meat." I stood about three feet away from Gary and looked over the side; the rail was a little low so it was quite unnerving looking down twenty feet.

Two of the lads were moving plastic covered mattresses from somewhere at the back of the warehouse, obviously a little of the stock from the factories last production run and as they were laying out a row of mattresses another of Gary's lads had a bag of pills and a bottle of Vodka in his hands, he popped a pill into the mouth of each of my school friends and got them to wash the pill down with a swallow of the Vodka.

There was no conversation, as soon as one of the girls had taken her pill she began to undress and once she was naked she lay on the nearest empty mattress, legs open and knees up in the air. I had seen pictures of the sex act on the internet but never seen a boy naked in real life before but that was all about to change, the boys drew lots for the four girls that were now naked on the mattress covered floor of the warehouse. I watched open mouthed as four boys stripped off, my friends didn't even open their eyes to see who was crawling naked between their legs and I watched four simultaneous sex acts play out in front of me.

I was totally fixated on watching four girls of my own age getting fucked on the floor below me, so much so that I didn't notice Gary move in behind me and I ignored the fact that he was reaching in from behind me and he was massaging my breasts through my school shirt and bra. I didn't even move when Gary began to unbutton the front of my shirt, pull my bra cups up and over my breasts, pushing them up under my chin. Gary was massaging my breasts and pinching my nipples as the first of the boys finished off in Sarah. It seemed strange to me that the boy who had just fucked Sarah hadn't even kissed her, I had seen him playing with her tits, rolling her nipples much like Gary was doing to mine, I also saw him biting her breasts, so hard that even from twenty feet above I could see the impression of his teeth in her flesh.

The boy fucking Sarah made a lot of noise as he finished off in her and he jumped onto his feet quickly. As his softening cock popped into view it was still spewing spunk and as his cock whipped from side to side that spunk was painting lines over Sarah's abdomen and upper thighs, then the boy caught hold of his cock and dragged his fist up from his balls to his cock head, leaving a blob of very thick semen directly on top of her pussy hair. Sarah started to get up off of the mattress and a second, slightly older boy was trying to push her back down but she pointed up at me and said something that I couldn't hear.

Seven or eight boys stepped back and looked up at me just as Gary unfastened my skirt and sent it and my knickers to the floor. I came to my senses and stood upright and tried to push Gary away from me, I got a stinging back-hander across my face for my trouble, Gary's hands were a blur as he yanked my school shirt off of my shoulders, he didn't try to unfasten my bra, he just yanked the front until the clasp at the back snapped and my bra followed my shirt to the floor.

Gary dragged me over to the desk that he had been sitting at reading his newspaper and drinking coffee when I had arrived, as I was being pulled across the office I tripped over my skirt and knickers and fell to the floor but Gary didn't stop pulling me and when my head hit the desk I was dragged up off the floor and pushed down onto the table, my back hit his newspaper and my side hit his mug of hot coffee, sending his mug onto the floor but some of the hot coffee went over my side. Gary turned me so that I was lying across his desk, my bottom was hanging over one side and my head was hanging over the other, he held me down with one hand gripping my throat as he unzipped his trousers and pulled them down.

Every time I tried to move he just tightened his grip and choked me a little more, stopping me from trying to get even slightly more comfortable. I didn't want to do 'IT' the big 'IT' with anyone particularly at my age, I wasn't being precious or anything, none of that 'Waiting for Mr. Right' or for my wedding day or anything like that, I just didn't want to do it with a criminal and I didn't want to do it in an abandoned factory that was being used to grow cannabis.

I felt the heat of Gary's lower body pressing against my thighs, I couldn't see his cock but I could feel it, it seemed to be twice as hot as his thighs as he jabbed his hips against me, because my legs were dangling down off of the edge of the table Gary couldn't do what he was trying to do so he quickly released my throat and his hands shot down to my legs, grasping them behind my knees and before I could wriggle out from beneath him, he had my knees pressing against my ribs, pressing me down into the newspaper covering his desk.

It took him about five thrusts to get his cock lined up with my cunt and when he finally had his cock head engaged between my labia he dropped his full weight down on top of my body and his cock shot deep into my body. I screamed at the top of my lungs, I was crying uncontrollably and between sobbing I was begging Gary not to do it but the more I begged, fought and cried, the more he enjoyed fucking me and he seemed to get an extra kick from hurting me. Gary started swearing at me and was beginning to breathe heavily and suddenly the pain inside my body changed to a feeling of spreading warmth that reached far deeper than Gary's cock had reached.

Gary pulled his cock out of me and pressed his hand between my breasts to hold me down on top of the desk as he shuffled around the table, his ankles still trapped in the pool of denim manacling his ankles together. Suddenly Gary's cock appeared in front of my face, dripping cum from his cock's eye and smeared from the tip of his cock to his balls with my blood. When I realised that he was aiming his cock for my mouth I began to shake my head from side to side but all Gary had to do was press my forehead down and he stopped all movement of my head, his other hand pushing my chin upwards and my mouth was forced wide open and I had no control.

My teeth grazed the side of his cock, he winced in pain, yanked his cock out of my mouth and raked the back of his hand across my face as hard as he could, I quickly learned how to suck and lick Gary's cock the way he wanted me too. He wasn't really looking for pleasure from my oral sex, he just wanted to degrade me further by forcing me to suck and lick his cock and balls clean of all of my blood. Once Gary was happy that I had cleaned every last drop of my blood from his cock and balls he allowed me to sit up.

By the time I was upright, Gary had a pill between his fingers and was pressing it against my lips, forcing me to take it against my will before forcing a bottle of Vodka against my lips to wash the pill down, then he kissed me on the lips, the first sign of tenderness since I had arrived at the abandoned factory. "You look almost pretty, I wonder how you'll look after your initiation is over." My eyes widened and my jaw dropped, my mouth wide open at the comment, I was trying to say that surly I'd already finished my initiation but then I remembered Gary's comment earlier "....You're lucky I'm here today, at least you get eased into your initiation..." and then it dawned on me that my ordeal was far from over.

I was trying to work out how to get out of the factory in one piece, Gary smiled at the look of panic on my face and whispered, "Okay lads, she's all yours!" Hands grabbed at both of my arms, the two boys that had dragged me up to Gary's office had been standing watching the whole time and I hadn't even realised that Gary and I weren't alone as he raped me. I was 'Frog-marched' down the stairs to the mattress covered dock.

As I struggled against the two boys a loud buzzing started off in my head and I started to get blurred vision as the pill that Gary gave me started to take effect. I was thrown to the floor and one of the two boys held me down while the other took his trousers off, "We won't have any trouble getting in her, Gary well and truly busted her open for us." The pill that Gary gave me hadn't rendered me unconscious, I really wish it had. Gary could have knocked me out but he didn't because I was a punishment, no, not that I was being punished, I was the punishment.

I lay there on the plastic covered mattress unable to move my arms or legs but fully aware of every boy and man that fucked me, I felt all of the pain, there could have been pleasure too but I felt none of it and as the last man climbed off of my broken body another boy was pushed in front of me, he was my cousin, we had grown up together, for some years we had been best of friends and until we went to different schools we had been inseparable. Cousin Martin had been beaten up and tied into a wheelchair and he had a ball gag in his mouth and he had been forced to watch everything, even when Gary fucked me Martin had been watching from the freight elevator.

Martin's crime that deserved such punishment, he had bought drugs off of one of Gary's competitors on his way to a disco and in the disco he sold some of those drugs on to his friends and had been spotted doing it by one of Gary's crew. He was punished for selling drugs on Gary's turf, why was I the punishment? Basically because Martin didn't have any sisters and someone remembered how close the two of us had been in the past, it was felt that being forced to watch me being gang raped by Gary and everyone in his crew would be the worst punishment that they could meter out on Martin. The fact that I also fell pregnant was seen as just additional punishment on Martin. I would either have the baby and that would remind Martin of his punishment until the day he died or I'd have an abortion and as ours was basically a Catholic family that would also be additional punishment.
