Every pair of eyes in the room was focused on them. After hiding for so long it felt strange to be this public about it. They had just gotten married though. There was no hiding now. 

“Are you freaking out on me?”

It figured Wesley would know what he was thinking. “What makes you say that?”

“You’re tense.”

Will sighed. “I’m sorry. I’m just not used to so many people looking at us.”

“It’s not like we’re having sex, Will. We’re just dancing.”

It was true. They were just dancing. “But everyone is staring at us.”

“Will Riker, are you regretting marrying me?”

“Don’t be ridiculous.”

Wesley cocked his head and looked at Will, his eyebrows raised. Okay, so maybe Will was being ridiculous. “Shut up,” he muttered.

Wesley laughed and leaned up to kiss him.

“Have I told you lately how much I love you?”

Wesley kissed him again. “Well, you did just marry me.”

“I did, didn’t I.”

“And now you’re stuck.”

“Good,” Will replied, pulling Wesley in closer and kissing him as they swayed on the dance floor. 

Their first dance ended to a smattering of applause and Wesley dragged him off the dance floor. “I figured you could use a break from everyone staring at you.”

“Are you really mad about that?”

Wesley shrugged. “I guess not. I know it’s strange, but we have been having dinner with out friends for a while now.”

“Yeah, but not the whole ship.”

Wesley sighed and focused on the menu in front of him. Not even an hour of marriage and he was already screwing up.

“Wes.”

When Wesley looked at him he grabbed Wesley’s face and kissed him, and it was a kiss that wasn’t really appropriate for the public eye. Wesley had a dazed look on his face when Will pulled away. He moved his hands down to Wesley’s shoulders. “Listen to me, Wes. I love you and I’m not ashamed to be with you. I’m really not. This is just strange. I’ll get used to it. But you have to know that it’s not because I don’t want to be seen with you.”

Wesley nodded and pulled Will in for a hug. “I know. It is nice to be reassured of that though.”

They ordered their food and watched as their friends danced around them. It was entertaining to see Geordi try and teach Data to be more free with his movements.

“Will, are they…”

“Not that they’ve said to anyone. There’s a pool on the ship though. They used to spend a lot of time together while you were on the ship, but they spend even more time together now.”

Wesley looked at them fondly. “They’re good for each other.”

Will put an arm around Wesley’s shoulders and pulled him in close, giving him a kiss on the top of his head. 

The rest of the reception had gone well. He and Wesley had danced quite a few more times and Will had danced with both Beverly and Deanna. Wesley had also danced with Beverly. Wesley’s friends had been there as well, and both he and Wesley had danced with Chloe while Wesley had also danced with Bradley and Marcus. Guinan had sat with them for a while and had entertained them with the many wedding stories that she knew. In long standing tradition, he and Wesley had fed each other cake that wound up mostly on their faces rather than in their mouths.

It had been a good night and now they were in Will’s quarters - no, their quarters - but without Wesley there he had started referring to it as “his” again. Not that he had forgotten that Wesley had lived here. There were little reminders of him everywhere.

“Why did you want to stay here tonight? I wanted to get back down to the planet and go back to the hotel.”

“How many times have you called me a girl and you still haven’t figured it out?”

Wesley laughed when he figured it out. He knew Wesley wouldn’t take long to get it.

Wesley wrapped his arms around Will and looked him in the eye. “Nobody could ever mistake you for a girl, Will, but our first time was on this bed and now that we’re married, you want our first time as a married couple to be in this bed.”

Even though Wesley had been right and Will had had no intention of hiding it from Wesley, he could still feel a blush staining his cheeks. 

Wesley chuckled. “You’re adorable.”

Wesley stripped off his clothes and lay out on the bed. “Now come here.”

“Yes sir.” Will stripped off his own clothes and crawled over to Wesley. “So husband, what would you like?” Will didn’t miss the shiver that ran through Wesley when he had called him husband.

“For my husband to be inside of me.”

“Oh I think we can arrange that.” He grabbed the lube from the nightstand and tossed it next to Wesley on the bed. He took his time with Wesley, kissing every inch of exposed skin, nipping along his ticklish spots, until Wesley was nothing but a writhing mess beneath him.

They tumbled over the edge together and Will held Wesley in his arms as their breathing returned to normal.

“Now what?” Will asked when he had caught his breath. 

“Now we go back to the hotel.”

“Seriously? You’re going to make me move?”

Wesley snorted as he got out of bed. “I was going to make you move again anyway.”

Will groaned. “I’m too old for your libido.”

Wesley rolled his eyes. “Your libido is just as bad, if not worse.”

Will grunted and got out of bed. It was true. Will could easily keep up with Wesley. Usually. Most of the time. 

They were nearly back to the hotel when they ran into Jon.

“Wesley, I see you still haven’t come to your senses.”

“Yeah, and I guess I won’t since I just married Will,” he retorted, holding up his left hand to show Jon the ring. Jon’s features twisted into something ugly as he stalked off. Will didn’t like that face.

“Wes, I’m going to teach you how to defend yourself.”

“They’re teaching me here.”

“And do you know how?”

“Well no, not really.”

“Then I’m going to teach you.”

Wesley didn’t say anything until they were back in their room. “Is this really necessary, Will?”

“Did you see how he looked at you when you told him you had married me?”

“Yes, but I’m sure there’s nothing to worry about.”

Will shook his head. “I’m teaching you.”

“Will-“

“Wes, please. Can’t you just do this for me?” Will turned away from him. He wasn’t angry, he was scared. He felt Wesley’s hand on his shoulder. “Okay. If it means that much to you then you can teach me.”

Will relaxed, but only just a little. If he could teach Wesley how to defend himself then maybe he would have a chance against Jon. He would have to teach Wesley to fight dirty though because there was no way that wouldn’t be the way Jon would play.

“So I guess the wedding night is kind of spoiled now.”

Will turned to face Wesley. He looked so sad. He wouldn’t let Jon spoil this for Wesley. “No it’s not. We are going to forget about what just happened and we are going to get in bed and spend the rest of the night together.”

“And just a few minutes ago you were complaining about my libido,” Wesley teased. Will huffed out a laugh. “Yeah, yeah. We both know I can keep up with you just fine. Now come, husband of mine - let’s enjoy tonight.”