7 Days Of Palm Springs
by DickTracey

DAY 6 MONDAY

I got up in the morning and the girls were sleeping so I snuck out and went to get coffee and pastries for breakfast. When I returned to the hotel the girls were in the shower. I stepped into the washroom and they were scrubbing each other clean. So I just sat with my coffee and watched. They seemed to be infatuated with each others tits, when they were finished with their tits looked amazing.

They came out of the shower dried each other off. Then they put on their bikinis and they headed to the pool. I had a shower and came out to see them. There they were rubbing lotion on each other and they were having fun giggling and laughing.

We sat around talking about just about everything, the girls did a lot of teasing as usual. Then I needed to get something to take home with us so I headed out to pick it up.

"Hey ladies I'm going to go to the golf course for an hour I'll see you when I get back."

"Ok, I'm sure we will be ok until you get back." Replied Tracey.

I left and got back about four and the girls were floating around the pool relaxing. I jumped in the pool and swam over to them.

"So did you ladies have fun?" I asked.

"It's been nice and quiet, I guess it is because people are checking out or in." Tracey replied.

"Well you ladies ready for supper?"

They both replied yes and we went to the room. There I got to watch them get ready. Kate said she was going without any panties or bra because she didn't bring any. She put on a white sundress on with it's spaghetti straps and went down to the middle of her thigh.

I sat across from the two girls and watched them play with each other all evening. It wasn't going unnoticed by other patrons. Twice Kate reached over and tweaked Tracey's nipples. Maybe in retaliation for Tracey having her hand up Kate's dress. We finished dinner, talked about the last couple of days, it was nice and relaxing. Kate had to leave so the girls turned and slid off of their stools, apparently giving the guys behind them a pussy show by the looks on their faces.

We went back to our hotel and we both kissed Kate goodbye, as she had someplace to be. She left and we headed to our room. Tracey had a sundress that buttoned up the front with spaghetti straps, she had it undone to just below her crotch and two buttons undone at the top. We were sitting outside on our patio having a drink and just relaxing. A couple of times some guys that looked like highway workers came buy and she had to do her Sharon Stone imitation. Nobody complained and I am not sure if she even realized she did it.

As we were talking Tracey's phone beeped, she looked and smiled.

"So what's up?" I said.

"Well Cuffs just texted me and wondered if I was serious about seeing his cuffs. So you think I am interested?" She chuckled.

"Me thinks you could have fun. Depends if you want to just hangout or keep things going. I guess depends on how sore your pussy is." I said laughing.

Tracey was smiling, "My pussy is just fine thank you very much. I do think Cuffs is cute so I will text him." As she texted Cuffs, 'sure what do you have in mind?'

He texted back, 'Meet me in the gym at 9:30 tonight.'

'Sounds good, what should I wear? ' she replied.

'Not much, maybe a tube top and shorts.'

We sat chatting until about 9 and then Tracey decided to get ready to go. She went in and came out a couple of minutes later with a white tube top and a pair of workout shorts that looked more like underwear. She looked at me and seen me smiling.

" Ready to go?" I asked.

"Sure am after I finish this drink and one more. I am a little nervous. Are you coming with me? " she asked.

"No not now, I can see the gym door from hear so I think I will just sit here and think about what is going on."

"Really, now I am really nervous. I guess it is ok just adds more excitement. Well I guess I should go. Love you." She bent over and gave me a kiss and downed another drink. I gave her ass a squeeze.

I watched her gorgeous ass walk to the gym, it was about hundred and fifty feet from our room. She was shaking her ass a little extra for me. She got to the gym door looked over her shoulder and blew me a kiss. I immediately got up and turned the tv so I could see it from the deck. Then I took my phone and went on the security app for the hotel that Cuffs had given me and brought up the gym. I also screen mirrored it to the tv. I could see the gym on the tv now. I already had a hard on and nothing had happened yet.

Cuffs wasn't there yet so Tracey started riding the bike. Sitting on the deck I could see Cuffs going into the gym, he gave me a wave.

"Hey Tracey nice seeing you." He said as he entered.

"Hi Cuffs so what do you have in mind for tonight?" She said nervously, "I am excited and nervous all at the same time."

"Ok here is the plan if your game. I call it 'Absence Of Time.' First I will cuff you to the lat machine. So your hands will be above your head cuffed to the cable. There will only be enough weight to hold your arms up but you can pull it down easily if you need to sit. Then I will put a sleep visor on you and then ear plugs in your ears. You will not see anything or hear anything. Your safe words are 'Game Over." So what do you think so far, are you game?" Cuffs explained.

Tracey thought for a moment, "This sounds terribly erotic and scary. So the idea is I will not know what is going on around me, right? Also what is going to happen?"

"Well you will be hanging there for anyone who comes in here and wants to play with you. They can play with you all they want. You can blow them if you wish. They are allowed to play with your tits you ass and cunt. You are there for them to play as they wish. They can't hurt you or disfigure you in anyway.I will be watching everything for safety. You can talk to them and tell them what you would like but you just won't hear or see them."Explained Cuffs.

Very nervously Tracey replied, "Ok, I will try it, seeing as my pussy is already wet. I am really not sure I will last." She said hesitantly. "So I don't know who is playing with me?"

Cuffs nodded.

"Ok let's do this, before I chicken out." She said quietly.

Cuffs pulled his cuffs out and put them on her wrists. She smiled nervously looking at Cuffs.

"It is called 'Absence of Time' because you will lose track of it. Hopefully that will make it even more exciting." He smiled.

He then put her ear plugs in, gave her a kiss, then put the sleep visor on so she couldn't see. Then he took the bar off the Lat machine. He helped her up and guided her to the machine and hooked her cuffs to the D hook on the cable. It stretched her hands above her head. She was standing there looking so hot. He took one ear plug out and asked a last time if she was ready and she said yes then put her ear plug in and gave her nipples a tweak before he left. He took his finger and ran it down her back and over her shorts to the back of her leg. Tracey was squirming.

"Dam I think I am in trouble Cuffs, your making me so fucking wet."

He then ran his finger up under her shorts to her pussy. He then slid two fingers in her cunt, she groaned. He then ran them up the front of her thigh and over her skirt to her bellybutton. He stuck his finger in it and up between her breasts, lingering for a moment. Then up over her chin to her mouth and put his fingers in her mouth. He then left abruptly.

A couple of minutes later Cuffs showed up at our room.

"Ok how is she? "

"She is great, she is nervous but her crotch is soaked." Replied Cuffs.

"Here have a drink. Oh look! Someone is going in there." A couple of seconds later he shows up in the gym. He stopped in his tracks looked around walked over to her. Then he looked at the note. It said 'Here is a toy to play with just you can't fuck it and do not remove ear plugs or visor.'

He took the note off and started caressing her torso. As he did so he pulled out his phone and made a call and took a couple of pics. He then returned to caressing her and now her buttocks. She started to squirm.He just kept running his hands over her body. He grabbed her ass and pulled her into his face and he started licking her bellybutton. A couple of minutes later three other guys come in.

"What the hell is this?" Said one of the guys.

The first guy said, "look I came in here cause I seen a hot chick come in here. I figured I would work out and see if she was friendly. I got in here and I seen this note. " They start mauling her and two of them start pulling her shorts down a little at a time. They then started pulling her tube top also a little at a time. Now they get her shorts down to the middle of her thighs. The first guy sticks his face in her crotch while one of the others start licking the crack of her ass. The the two of them pulled her tube top down to her waist. They all stepped back to take some pics.

She is breathing heavy and her nipples were hard as a rock. They then pulled her shorts down to her ankles and one guy picked her up and another took them off. They slipped her tube top down over her hips and down to her ankles and again they picked her up and slid it off. The two guys went back to her pussy and ass while the other two sucked her tits.

Tracey told me after it was so weird and erotic that it had felt like for ever before someone came into the gym. She was trying to figure out how many were there. She said she was so wet at this point.

The one guy started to work on spreading her legs as another started eating her. The other two started licking sucking and nibbling on her tits. She was squirming even more now.

One of the guys sat on the seat and pulled the bar down so they could bend her over and put her on her knees. The guy on the bench put his cock in front of her mouth and she slurped it in. At the other end one guy is burying his face in her pussy. Then he pulls back and two of them stick fingers in her pussy and pull her lips apart and squeeze. They then put two fingers in her pussy and push their thumbs in her ass and she starts pumping. The guy she is blowing unloads in her mouth. Then him and the guy taking pics, moves in to take his place.

Tracey said, the next day, after that with out hearing or seeing she was really disoriented and couldn't tell up from down. There was so much going on with her body. She said one of the guys was licking her toes and rubbing his dick on them. It was something she never thought would be erotic.

Then the two guys in the back switched with the two in the front. Another cock in her mouth and then one guy in the back starts to work his hand to her cunt. She was so wet he was able to get almost his whole hand into her, she had never been fisted before. She was bucking violently now. The two in the front changed spots and in the back the other guy started trying to work the other guys hand deeper as he played with her ass.

Tracey orgasmed and started to shake. The guys stood her up and took their cocks and rubbed them on her ass. She was moaning and had pussy juices running down her leg, plus she had cum running down her chin. The first guy took out a pen and knelt in front of her pussy. Her wrote his phone number on her pussy and a note 'I would love to fuck this.' They then laid her down and proceeded to jerk off. It wasn't long before they came all over her. Her tits, face stomach and pussy. Even her thighs were covered. In fact the guy with the foot fetish wiped his cock on her feet and even scooped some from her thighs onto them. They then left her there breathing heavy and moaning.

"Ok Dick our turn, you ready?" Cuffs asked.

"Yes, sure am."

We left her for five minutes then went in. We picked her up and unhooked her from the machine. He then led her to the shower where we washed her off. He then reached in his pocket and pulled out nipple clamps. He put them on Tracey's nipples and she groaned. Cuffs took hold of the nipple clamps by the chain and pulled on them and started guiding her.

"Dick let's take her for a ride. I have an idea." Said Cuffs with a smile.

We led Tracey to Cuffs car by the nipple clamps and put her in the front seat. The seat was put back so she was almost laying down and spread her legs and put her feet on the dash. We left the hotel and headed to the hook on hwy10. Cuffs mentioned a buddy of his was there and thought he would take him a treat. We were cruising down the hwy showing her off to truckers who gave us the air horn.

We pulled into the Hook's lot and drove to the corner where there was a car hauler and the driver was getting out. We pulled up so Tracey was on his side. He walked over and Cuffs said, "Hey Billy how you doing."

"Hey how you doing, wondered if you would come by."He replied. As he walked up to the car and noticed Tracey in the front seat. "WOW nice."

"I thought you might want to play with her. I mean she is gorgeous and horny."

He reached in and massaged her tits. With his other hand he massaged her pussy. I opened the door and we sat Tracey up. He undid his pants and pulled his cock out. She took it into her mouth and started sucking and teasing it's head. She licked the shaft all the way to his balls. She then stuck his cock between her tits and his cock starts to leak cum so she cleaned up then took it back in her mouth and he blew his load. He stepped back and did his pants up and kissed Tracey.

"Now that was fun, dam is she sweet."

I explained how Tracey loved to take care of truckers because she understands that they go a longtime without.

"Is someone going to fuck me please, I am so fucking horny I can't believe it!" Tracey exclaimed.

We each gave her a finger and then pulled them out and put her legs in the car and closed the door. She just moaned and swore at us.

We started back to our hotel and half way back we pulled over into a quiet parking lot. We took Tracey out of the car and leaned her over the trunk. The cold metal on her tits made her gasp. Cuffs pulled his cock out and started hammering her pussy and thirty seconds later he is shooting streams of cum into her pussy. He stepped back and I rubbed my cock head and got it wet and then pushed it slowly but steadily into her ass. We were all so horny it was not long before we all came.

We got back to the hotel and Cuffs led her to our room. He then took the cuffs off, the mask, the ear plugs and finally the nipple clamps. He gave her a kiss and said goodbye. I led Tracey to bed and sat her down and gave her kiss.

"You ok sweetie?"

"Dick that was insane, I was horny from beginning to end with all the anticipation, it was insane. My senses were so sensitive." Tracey said. "I am exhausted. It seemed for ever how long was it?"

"Me too, I have it all on tape, so you can watch it on the way home. You were playing for about an hour and fifteen minutes before we went for a ride,." I said smiling.

Tracey said, "Good night sweetie I will see you in the morning." She then rolled over and went to sleep. I crawled into bed and put my arms around her.

DAY 7 TUESDAY

Morning came and I left Tracey sleeping and went and retrieved breakfast. I got back around ten and she was in the shower. She finished in the shower came out and put on her little pink bikini.

"What do you think of this bikini, I took the cookies out for you. Now it should be see through when it gets wet." She said with a smile.

"Looks great to me now. Do you want me to put lotion on you?"

"When we get outside and I lay on the lounger."

We headed out to the pool and Tracey laid on her stomach and I started applying some lotion on her legs and then spent some extra time on her ass. Moved up and undid her top and applied to her back.

While I was doing this she said, "So how much do you know about last night?"

"Everything, I was watching it on tv. It was amazing, it looked like you were totally enjoying it."

"On tv? How did you do that?" She asked.

"Well Cuffs came to our room and we had the security app hooked to the tv. Cuffs went and set everything up with you then came here. We watched everything and then Cuffs decided to take you for a drive." I replied.

"How many guys were there? How long did it go on? I am guessing about 3 hours? Where did we go for a drive?" She was sounding a little confused.

"It was about 2 hours maybe 2 1/2. As far as the rest you will have to watch the video. I have one for the ride home. So you will see." I chuckled. "You were amazing."

She rolled over on her back and I started applying lotion on her front.

"You know, just thinking of last night gets me horny. I never thought something like that would get me turned on. My pussy is a little tender after this week but I am still wet because I can't stop thinking about last night." She laughed.

"So last night it felt like an hour after Cuffs left before someone showed up. I thought maybe it was him who came back when I felt some cool air come in the gym, my nipples got so hard from anticipation and I could feel my love juices flowing. Then it felt like 10 people came in the gym and started feeling me up. I was so fucking excited I thought my heart was going to jump out of my chest, I am sure whom ever was there thought I pissed myself."

I finished with the lotion rub her tits. She was sitting up talking with me when she noticed 6 guys sitting on the other side of the pool by the towels.

"So it was you guys that took me for a ride? Where did we go."

"Yes we did take you for a ride but you will have to wait for anything else. I Guess I can tell you that you have showed your tits off there before." I smiled.

"You sound a little annoyed, dear." I chuckled.

"Here tie my suit up. I am going for a swim and yes I am annoyed so I will have to just tease you." She smiled.

She got up and headed to the pool and jumped in. I leaned back on my lounger and closed my eyes sort off. They were open enough to see Tracey. She swam around for 15 minutes or so, then came over to the ladder near me. She came half way out, then called me so I could see her suit. She smiled and stared at me.

"Yes dear I can see how sheer the top is. You teasing me is fun, not punishment, you know."I said with a smile.

She got out and dove back in. She came up and turned to face me and one boob was out. She took her time putting it back in and swam around. By now there was one of the guys in the pool, as Tracey swam around she eventually ended up by him. She sat up on the seat in the pool with here tits out of the water and I was imagining the view of her tits to the guy. Her sitting on the seat in the pool with her knees pulled up and her legs spread a bit and the guy at water level eyeing her up was exciting to me and I am sure for her.

I was laying on the lounger pretending I was napping but I was watching Tracey. She went out the steps talking to him. They were laughing and he but his hand on her back and Tracey just moved closer to him. His hand lingered for awhile, I am sure Tracey's pussy was tingling with his touch. She walked over to the towels but stopped to talk to the rest of the guys. She got her towel and one of the guys pulled up a chair for her. She sat talking and one of the guys handed her a drink.Tracey had a couple more drinks and was sitting cross legged laughing and flirting. The more she drank the more she flirted. She was having a great time chatting and teasing. After an hour or so she wandered back and laid on the lounger.

"So what did you learn sweetie? Other than that they made you horny and you them." I asked with a smile.

"Ok, I learned lots. I did find out that sitting with six guys when your almost naked and you bikini top is see through can be such a turn on for everyone involved, including you." She said with a smile.

"I guess tequila shots helped a little," she laughed, "I mean it usually makes my clothes fall off but I didn't have much on. It did however make my nipples hard and my pussy wet. The more we drank the tougher it was to get them to make eye contact, which made my nipples hard and my pussy wet. I was really having fun over there. I did invite them to go for supper with us."

"You are funny, you always say that you wear a push-up bra to get your boobs up high enough that guys might have a chance at making eye contact." I said with a smile.

"I did find out that they move cars and trucks around North American, sound familiar. They work out of London Ontario. They are here dropping off some trucks here and four of them are flying home early tomorrow morning and the other two tomorrow afternoon. The last two are Nik and Ray, the tall thin guy is Nik and the guy with the big shoulders is Ray. I wonder if big shoulders is like having big feet, does it mean other things are rather large also?" She said with a smile.

I just laughed and laid back down beside her and we napped. The sun went down so we went and got ready for supper. Tracey showered and did her makeup, which she didn't use much off, then slid on a pair sexy pink sheer panties.

"Those are a bright pink, almost florescent." I said.

"Yes if someone looks up my skirt I want them to know they are seeing my panties. " She said laughing.

She then put on a sundress with spaghetti straps, a low cut back and buttons down the front that went to mid thigh. Just then the phone rang.

Tracey answered, "Hello, Tracey here."

The Caller says, "is the invite to go for dinner still on?"

Tracey said, "Yes sounds good, how about in ten minutes?"

The Caller replied, "Ok see you in ten."

Tracey hung up and turned to me.

"That was Nik, him and Ray want to go for dinner with us."

"Sounds good to me."

Tracey looked in the mirror and undid the top buttons to show some cleavage and the bottom ones up to her crotch. She then poured herself a shot of tequila.

"You know Dick, all this attention I'm getting this week has been amazing. It has been a blast."

A few minutes later they showed up and off we went to Rick's. We ordered supper, had a couple of drinks and chatted about their jobs. Tracey excused her self and when she turned to get up she spread her legs and her pink panties were in plain view. Not sure about anyone else but it gave me a boner.

We finished dinner and sat for awhile talking and as we drank the conversation became more sexual. The boys and Tracey both became more handsy. Nik convinced Tracey to undo a couple more buttons. Which allowed her boobs to show even more. The back of her dress was very low cut and Nik kept running his hand up and down her back.

She decided to go to the bathroom, as she slid of the stool facing Nik. Her dress slid up to her waist and she lost her balance and her legs spread with her dress around her waist. She regained her balance and fell in to Nik's arms. Later I learned it was all fake. She headed to the washroom and when she came back she went to the bar and climbed up on the a stool sitting sideways. She ordered a round of drinks and from where I was I could see pink panties. A guy came up to order drinks and stood next to her as they talked he moved close enough to her to put a leg between her knees as they talked. Tracey just kept spreading her legs not making any effort to stop him. All three of us were enjoying the show. He got about half way up her thigh and got a good look at her pink panties, then the drinks came.

Then she said, " sorry not tonight, I already have three to take care of." She smiled slid off the stool rubbing her pussy of off his leg and came back to us. Soon after that we headed back to the hotel.

We got back and headed to the pool, we set camp up in front of our room, maybe 20 feet away. Tracey and the boys were sitting at the table while I went to our room to get some vodka coolers. When I got back there was a guy on each side of Tracey. She had undone a few more buttons. We sat talking for a half hour or so. I then made an excuse that I had to drive the next day so I was going to sleep. So I said good night and left, Tracey also said good night. We got to the room and I laid on the bed.

"Tracey I thought you would stay outside, I left because I think they were intimidated by me and weren't going to try and mess around and I was sure you wanted too."

Tracey had taken her dress off and stood in her panties. "So you don't mind me hanging with them?" She said as she sat on the edge of the bed playing with my now hard cock.

"Not at all I am going to sit here in a chair with the window open and listen to you guys. I May even slip out and sit in that chair in the alcove. You can't see me for the bush and the cove. Go have fun it's our last night."

"Boy do I love you, you spoil me." She replied.

Tracey was feeling pretty good and grabbed her oriental looking silky kamona that almost covered her ass.

She grabbed a couple more coolers and left not bothering to take the sash for her kamona. She went around the corner and said to the guys, "I am back!"

Nik replied, "we were just going to go to our room. Seeing as you are looking so hot I think we could stay for awhile. "He was smiling as he pulled a chair out.

"Here I brought some cards, thought we could play blackjack while we talked. I want to get to know you guys better." She sat down and shuffled the cards.

"Sounds good we are game to talk and play cards and have a few drinks." Replied Nik with a smile.

"How about truth or dare, could be fun, I would love to learn more about Tracey." Ray chimed in.

"Awesome idea I love playing it, I have a ton of good stories and I do like a good dare. " she said in her sultry voice.

I had creeped out to the alcove with a drink, sitting in my boxers. I could hear them clearly and I was hard just in anticipation.

Tracey was shuffling and said, " Ok high card goes first and second highest second, and I get to ask the questions to you guys and you can take turns asking me."

"Sounds good they replied. "

Tracey cut a 6, Ray a 10, Nik a Jack.

"Ok truth," he said nervously.

Tracey hesitated a moment, "ok when is the last time you gave a girl your phone number and why?"

"Yesterday and because I liked what I seen but couldn't talk to her." Replied Nik

Ray said, "truth."

"Ok, when is the last time you had a blow job?"

"Last night a girl gave me one. She was very good. "

"Ok very interesting, I want truth also."she said.

"Well how about a good story about one of your trips. Something embarrassing. "

Tracey thought for a moment," I was in Vegas picking up a Jetta and the oil light came on so I got it towed to the shop. They showed me there was a hole in the pan. So I took some pictures of it and some general pics of the car. I phoned the guy I picked it up for. He sold cars on the internet. He told me to get a room at the Bellagio and he would pay for it. So I did. I got there and was taking pics of everything. It turned me on just being there. I didn't take a bikini but I did have a pair of black panties that looked like gym shorts just very thin. So I checked in and went to my room. I didn't have many clothes with me. I put my black panties and my sun dress and headed to the adult pool. I tanned for awhile took lots of selfies in and out of the pool. I kind of got a little burnt so I headed back to my room.

I got cleaned up and went to the bar. I put on my sundress with no panties, I was horny from being in the sun. I had a couple of drinks and got talking to a guy sitting two seats down. After a couple of shots and some tequila I got some selfies with him to send to Dick. I was having fun teasing him. Sitting beside him now I kept leaning into him so my tits would rub on his arm. I was trying to play the naïve house wife. I was making him work to get in my pants. I am sure he was getting tired of me telling him how awesome my husband was. I eventually let him walk me up to my room an I let him talk his way inside. He bent me over at the window sill and took me from behind and started hammering away. He picked up my camera took a ton of pics. He said seeing as he was the first guy other than my husband I would want to remember it. Little did he know it was me that picked him up. I love control. Anyways the booze has got me talking to much. "

"Are you kidding me, you have got us hard already." Said Ray,"Continue."

"Ok, well the next day I was a little hung over and phoned the owner. I talked to him and then emailed him the pics of the car. I phoned the dealership and the car was ready, so of I went to the dealer."

"I picked up the car in my sexy sundress with no panties or bra. I was to sore from the sunburn. So I headed to Vancouver and got there in a couple of days. I went to George's office and he told me to come in. I gave him the keys to his car."

George smiled and said," Nice to see you for real. Here I will be right back I will go get you some money."

"I was sitting waiting for him and watching the slide show on his monitor, he had one facing him and one towards the customer. All of a sudden there is a pic of me getting nailed from behind. Then one of me by the pool another of me on the bed with my fingers in my pussy and another of me sitting at the bar with my legs spread showing off my pussy for the guy I met. Then it went back to regular scenic pics. Just then he returned. I was beet red and not because of my burn."

"Here's your money with a little bonus. By the way would you like to do more work for me? I have more vehicles to move. Just take pics of it when you pick it up and send them to me, just like this time. Another thing I have a buddy in Florida that has some cars to be moved south if you want."

I answered him sheepishly," Sure I could use the work. Thanks for the bonus."

He said, "Ok, let me take you for dinner and then to the airport, by the way you look fabulous."

"I had sent him the whole file so he had probably 200 pics of me and I mean all of me. Why are you guys so quiet."

"Are you kidding, that was hot." Said Nik. "Did you move cars for the Florida guy?"

Tracey said, "Yes but that's a whole different story, Ok Nik truth or dare."

"Dare."

"Let me see your Dick in fact take your shorts off."

So he did and a beautiful cock it was.

Ray just stood up and took his shorts off. He said to save time and laughed.

Tracey said," Dare. "

"Take your kamona off." Said Ray.

Off it came.

"Tracey what is the craziest thing you have done at a truck stop." Nik asked.

"Hey it's not my turn, but I was traveling with Dick and while he was fuelling I went to watch tv in the truckers lounge, to check the weather. I had a halter top on and a skirt. I was only there for maybe five minutes when this tall good looking guy asked if I wanted to take a shower, with him. I was somewhat stunned, sooo I thought for a moment and said yes after all it was mid afternoon. The fact that I did not expect such a spontaneous opportunity made it so hot."

"That is crazy. You are fucking amazing and sexy. Give us one more." Said Ray.

"Ok I was driving a truck from Toronto to Edmonton and stopped in Thunder Bay. I couldn't get a room and so I went to the bar and just sat at it. Ten minutes in this guy comes and talks to me and then let him think he picked me up. Then we went to his room and I gave that big cock of his a good fucking and then went to sleep and in the morning I gave him a blow job. We had a shower together then he went to work and I went back to sleep until noon then went on my way."

"WOW you should write a book." Said Nik.

Tracey stood up and took her panties off.

"Nik lay down on the lounger," Which he did.

Tracey then stood over his cock and let the head enter her pussy then slid down quickly. She gasped. Then she signalled Ray to come over. She took his cock in her mouth and she sucked hard as she started to grind Nik's dick. She then pulled Ray's dick out and told him to go behind her and fuck her ass. He went around an pushed his cock into her ass and started to push in and out while Tracey moaned. By now the boys are both playing with her tits and humping like mad men. The all of a sudden they both groan and fill Tracey full of cum. They all separated and get up. Tracey was standing there with cum running out of her cunt and ass. The sprinklers had come on so she stood in them washing herself as the boys watched. The cool water on her tits made her already hard nipples even harder. Then it was time to go.

"Well boys I am done for tonight. Thanks for the fun. "

"Tracey that was awesome playing with you two days in a row. Let me finish something. " said Nik.

He got on his knees with a felt pen and signed her pussy just above his phone number. Tracey blushed.

"Are you kidding me that was you guys yesterday?"

"Yup that was partly us. " said Nik, with a big smile.

"I am going to bed but we will talk tomorrow," She said with a huge smile. "You guys are sooo bad."

Tracey gave each of them a kiss and a hug and headed to our room.

She found me laying on the bed and headed to the shower and when she came out she jumped on me and we fucked for the next half hour. She eventually fell asleep in my arms.

Day 8 Wednesday on the way home

We woke up around eight the next morning and started packing up. We had everything ready to go so Tracey put her yellow bikini on and headed to the pool for some sun before leaving. So I went and loaded the car and got everything ready to go. It was only nine thirty and was already getting hot out. I brought Tracey a coffee and we sat talking.

"Dick, why didn't you tell me Nik and Ray were guys from the absence of time?"

"Because I was turned on knowing that I knew that they knew and you didn't. Them thinking of you from the night before was such a turn on. Besides I thought they would say something to you. Mind you it turned me on that you didn't know." I replied.

"You are an ass, but you are my favourite ass." She said with a laugh.

"Ok, I'm going to checkout. I'll be back in a bit."

When I got back Nik and Ray were putting lotion on Tracey and taking there time rubbing it in on her ass, each one had a cheek. Before I even got to the pool Taz and Cuffs showed up.

We sat talking and Rod showed up about 10 minutes before Robert got there.

"Well guys nice to see the band is all here. Tracey I thought you would like to see your friends again." I said.

"This is awesome, I just love you guys. I had a blast all week, my pussy and ass are a little sore but I am ok. Just fond memories." She said with her sultry voice.

We all jumped in the pool and started playing around with a volleyball. Tracey was having fun getting groped because the guys kept passing her the ball and then wrestling it off her. After a little while we headed to the hot tub. Tracey and her seven studs.

Nik came up with an idea. "I was wondering if Tracey was up to a challenge. I mean the stories she told us about yesterday, I thought maybe we could give her some challenges for the ride home. Like something to wear home or the shower truck stop story. We could each give her two ideas and she could try and do them. No pressure just see what you can do."

"Great idea Nik, I was thinking we should start a string or thread, what every they call it, so she could send us all picks. That way we get to see her progress," chimed in Robert.

"Sounds like fun to me. We could call it Tracey's Travels and you guys could share some of the pics you have of her too," I added.

"Ok, guys I would like to add my two cents. First of all I think the challenges are an awesome idea. Now I can't guarantee I will do them because it has a lot to do with if the opportunity arises and if I am in the mood. Second I love the idea of a thread about me. It makes me horny thinking about it. I do need your names and phone numbers, so seeing as I already have one phone number. I think you should sign your names and phone number on me somewhere and maybe a little quote." She said as she giggled. "Now I want them some where discrete if possible. I'm in if you guys are."

"Ok sounds good to me, this could be a lot of fun." I said.

Tracey got up and went and sat on Nik's lap. "Ok big boy what would you like my challenge to be?"

She had left her bikini bottoms with me so I think Nik was surprised when she slid onto his cock. She was squirming and smiling as she grabbed Rays cock and started stroking.

"I would like you to do the shower with the trucker and have him sign. Then my second one would be to fuel up in something really skimpy and show tits and pussy. Please." Said Nik.

She then moved on to Ray, "well," she said.

" I would like you to take a pic in a big truck in something sexy maybe even driving in a big rig. Secondly flashing truckers on the hwy." Ray said.

She got off of his cock and climbed onto cuffs.

"I would like to see a pic of you with a police officer with the cuffs on and wearing something sexy. Secondly to show a security guard a pic of me leading you around by the nipple chain. "

"There is pics?" Asked Tracey.

We nodded yes.

She moved on to Taz, slid onto his dick and gave him a kiss. "Well I want a pic of you and a night manager wearing something sexy but preferably nothing, then tell him it was a gift from me. Also I want naked pics with you and vending machines. "

She moved on to Rod, she mounted his cock to, "I would like pics of you sitting on a bartenders lap naked or at least something very sexy. Then I would like pics of you working as a waitress all sexed up."

She climbed on to Robert but this time facing him. "You are mean Tracey," he chuckled, "I would like to see you in a bar with some guys trying to pick you up and also at the gym but accidentally going into the guys locker room and hopefully no one is there and you take a shower." Just then he blew his load.

"Well that was an extra bonus, very nice." Tracey said. "Ok Dick you get to play too."

"Well there is a little bar upstairs in a truck stop in Watertown and right outside it is the showers. You have to walk past them to get to the bar. It is just a small bar. I want you to go up there to have a shower and then go to the bar and sit at the bar, order a double coconut rum and orange juice with a tequila shot. We will see what happens."

"Ok guys time to get ready to go. I need some numbers." She then took her thong back and put it on. She climbed out and went to a lounger.

Ray takes a towel and signs his name and number one her right ass cheek, draws an arrow pointing at her asshole ' enter for a great ride'.

Taz takes the other cheek and does the same, puts an arrow and says' I agree with Ray '.

Tracey rolled over and Nik pulled her thong down, ' drew an arrow pointing down saying best hole ever'.

Robert signed on the inside of her right boob with his number and drew a flower and it looked more like a tattoo.

Rod did the same as Robert but on the left boob and drew a playboy bunny.

Finally cuffs signed just below her belly button and draws a pair of hand cuffs.

Actually all the signatures were pretty good. They didn't look bad at all. They all looked like tattoos.

Tracey kissed all the guys and then got them to stand around her so she could get changed.

She stripped down and put on a white tank top that just went to above her navel. She slid into her pleated skirt that sat on her hips. It came down to just above the middle of her thighs. She put her flip flops on and we are ready to go.

Taz looks at Tracey and hands her a flash drive.

"What's this?" She asked.

"Your evenings here from the hot tub, I thought you would enjoy reliving them and your ' Absences of Time ' evening. I think you will really enjoy it. "

Tracey jumped into his arms and wrapped her legs around his waist and he grabbed her ass, he reached her pussy and noticed she was soaked, again.

"See you guys in April." Said Tracey.

We finally headed to the car and then pulled out of the parking lot, it was 5 pm by now, off to Phoenix we go.
