Jess and the Life Changing Weekend
By yakboy69

Jess and the Life Changing Weekend: Part Three. 

Chapter Five.

      I was still in a daze and was just pulling my shorts up when there was a knocking on my door. Oh, Jeremy, that better not be you. I thought as I walked to the door. I opened the door and there was Katherine, Jeremy's girlfriend. Oh fuck.
      D “Oh, fuck.”
      A “Oh, fuck.”
      I had no idea she was even home. Her car wasn't there when I drove past this morning. Shit, how long has she been home? Judging by the shit-eating grin she had, longer than I would like. Fuck, fuck, fuck.
      “Hi Katherine, this is a surprise.”
      “It is, isn't it. Please call me Kat and should I call you Mrs Phillips still or can I call you Jess too?”
      Well fuck.
      “Would you like to come in Kat?”
      “Thank you. I would love to.”
      We walked into the kitchen and sat at the table. I would like to tell you I thought of a dozen escape plans, murder plans etc. To be honest, though, all that was happening in my head right now was white noise. Even the witty angel and devil combo had left town. Thanks, guys.
      I just stared at her and tried to think but I couldn't come up with a damn thing. Thankfully she started things off.
      “So, Jess, I can see right now you are in a total panic. Understandable, all things considered.”
      I just nodded. I was too shell-shocked to even cry, not that I wanted to give her the satisfaction.
      “Just so you know, here's where we are at. This morning I woke up at the ungodly hour of nine a.m. When I heard Jeremy talking not far outside my bedroom window. At first, I was tempted to throw something at him and tell him to shut up but then curiosity got the better of me so I peeked outside and there he was in his ridiculous-looking speedos. I normally hate those things. I have to admit he does look good in them though, especially when he's, well, you know, you saw. Anyway, initially, I was mildly distracted by that then I realised he was talking over the fence to you. Now at first, I thought why is he talking to you especially while sporting a rather impressive boner? So I stood upon the end of my bed so I could see over the fence and there you were doing your very best wet t-shirt competition look.”
      I could feel my face heating up as I sat there and listened to her calmly recall the morning.
      “Well, now I was very interested so I picked up my phone and started recording. You then went inside and I thought, maybe I can get a better view from Jeremy's parent's room and what do you know? From there I can see through the kitchen window and also the laundry window. Now I thought maybe I had lost my chance for a better perv on our dear neighbour and I was just about to give up when lo and behold, into the laundry walks little old you. Completely bare assed might I add. There was no way I wasn't going to record that for the spank bank. So, you disappeared and I just sat there watching both the videos over and over, and I don't mind admitting that between Jer's hard cock and your sweet tits, I may have left a bit of a damp spot. So anyway, I had gone about my day thinking, lucky Jer got teased a little and I now have something to watch of an evening, but then things kicked up a notch didn't they? I have to ask. How long did it take to get up the nerve to do that?”
      I just sighed a deep breath. I wasn't going to answer her. I wasn't going to be the mouse in the game of cat and mouse she was playing. She looked at me as though waiting for an answer but when none was forthcoming she just shrugged as though she hadn't thought I would answer anyway.
      “Doesn't matter. So, Jeremy was outside on his phone talking to his friend when he does this panicked hang up and I'm thinking, What the fuck is going on out there? So I take another peep and well this time the show got even better. When Jeremy jumped the fence I decided to sneak out the front door, quickly run around the house and watch you two play a real friendly little game in your backyard. Of course, this has all been recorded. Mostly for use in my spank bank, which I can tell you is going to get a lot of use now, but then I got to thinking. Why should Jeremy have all the fun?”
      Fuck it! She knows it all, I'm screwed. I started imagining the horrors of divorce proceedings. The embarrassment of having my parents and friends know that I'm a pervert. The more I thought about it the more I felt sick. I focused on her last question instead and it just made no sense to me.
      “I don't... I don't understand.”
      “Well, see, I figure that looks like a fun game to play. I want in on the game.”
      “There is no game. It was just a silly bit of attention-seeking.”
      “Yeah, I figured that might have been the case but I can't help but wonder, where does it end?”
      “It has ended.”
      “Mmm, I don't think it has. You see, I don't think you would have sent him on his way with a gift if that was the end of it. How far does it go?”
      I knew she was playing with me and it was kind of pissing me off, but she was asking the one question I should have asked myself before getting in the shower this morning. If I was a guy you would say I had been thinking with the wrong head.
      “It can't go any further. I'm married and if I'm honest it's already gone further than it should have.”
      “Yes, it probably has, hasn't it. I mean, I think your husband would be pretty pissed if he saw that video. Don't you think? I think he would probably think it had gone too far.”
      There was that sick feeling again.
      “Are you bribing me? Is that it? You know we don't have much money.”
      “Phht, Don't be silly. It's not money I want, I want to be part of the game.”
      “I don't understand.”
      “Look, it's really simple. You and I are going to play, in much the same way that you and Jeremy are playing. I just want to be a part of it too.”
      It finally dawned on me. She wants to do the same things. Ooh, she wants to do the same things. Holy fuck! She wants to do the same things.
      “Ahh, with me? Really?”
      “Yes, silly. Maybe Jer too if he hasn't forgotten what it's like to play with me and a friend. It's been a while.”
      “Holy shit. You two? Have had sex with other women?”
      “We share everything. Growing up as teenagers together we were often the only ones each other had to talk about things. We were each other's confidantes and that turned into being there for each other's experimentation. Sometimes if we got bored we would fuck, it's really not that surprising that the girl they thought they were helping was fucking their son is it?”
      “Jesus. Did his parents ever find out?”
      “Jer's dad was clueless, but his mum caught us a couple of times. She understood the whole thing. The closeness we had, sometimes I think she missed having that herself. Sometimes she would tell us to stop if the time wasn't appropriate or if his Dad was due home soon and other times she would just watch for a while then disappear to her room. I think she kind of got off on it a bit.”
      Holy shit. Holy fucking shit.
      “Okay. I'm not sure how to respond to that.”
      “Easy. You say yes. It's not like you have much choice.”
      “Um... I've never. Well, you know, with a girl.”
      “What? Never? Not even at a teenage slumber party or drunk in college?”
      “No. Never.”
      “Oh, Jess, you have been missing out big time. I thought all women had a friend that they had a little something something with from time to time.”
      Had I missed out? I had friends in school, some who were closer than others sure but that never came up. Sure we would talk about boys sometimes and even how far we each had gone with our boyfriends but it had never gone that extra step. I had certainly been curious about it from time to time, I think everyone has that curiosity now and then but it was something I had never discussed with any of my friends.
      “Well, no time like the present then.”
      “What?”
      “You heard me, I want to know how wet my boyfriend's cock made you.”
      You fucking what? Christ, my face must have been glowing it was so damn hot right now. There was a long pause as I tried to find a way out of this.
      “Come on Jess, just say it. They're just words.”
      I could see she wasn't going to back down. Fuck it.
      “Fuck. Well, very I guess.”
      She laughed at that.
      “Not what I meant. Come here.”
      “What?”
      I knew what she meant but I was stalling again.
      “Stand your ass up and walk over to me.”
      “Are you sure that's a good idea?”
      “It's a much better idea than me sending those videos to your husband.”
      Fuck, fuck, fuck!
      I stood up slowly and took a deep breath. My legs were wobbling I was so nervous but my body was betraying me once again. Kat was about to find out that I was very wet indeed and not entirely because of Jeremy.
      I took one tentative step then another until I was standing next to her. My whole body was shaking with nerves and a touch of excitement. I admit that I felt a little bit ashamed of myself for allowing the whole situation to get to this point but I won't lie and say that I didn't want it. I was telling Kat the truth when I said I had never touched, or been touched by another woman but that doesn't mean I hadn't fantasized about it.
      She kept her eyes locked on mine and I could feel the smouldering desire coming off her in waves. It felt so damn good to be desired so thoroughly. Her hand reached out to me and when her fingertips connected with the skin of my inner thigh I jumped like I had received an electric shock. I giggled like a nervous school girl but stood still while I waited for the return of her fingers. I jumped again but not as much this time. Kat slowly drew circles on that soft, sensitive skin with the tips of her fingers until I had calmed enough to stop shaking like a leaf. It felt nice the way her fingers were soft, gentle and slightly cooler than my over-heated flesh. She started using more of the surface of her fingers and then her palm. It was such a sensual touch that it surprised me and was, frankly, erotic as hell. My body was responding to her sensuality big time.
      Somewhere in the back of my mind was the realisation that this was the first time since before I got married that I had allowed another person to touch me so sensually. That realisation came with a pang of guilt but that was far outweighed by my desire. Not just my desire but my need to be desired. To have someone want me.
      Kat said something to me but the words didn't seem to register with me, I was in a far off place.
      “Hmmm?”
      Kat smiled a devilish smile, knowing she had me like putty in her hand. Her voice was like a deep purr as she was as turned on as I was right now.
      “I said, 'You're enjoying this aren't you?'”
      “Mmm. It does feel nice.”
      “How about this then?”
      Her hand moved higher up my thigh and into the leg of my shorts. A shiver went through my body and completely without my input my feet moved further apart allowing her more space between my thighs. My body knew what it wanted and it was going to have it regardless of what my mind might say. The angel and Devil remained silent and I suspected they were off fucking somewhere in the corner of my mind.
      Kat's hand moved higher still until her fingertips brushed against the edge of my panties. Just that gentlest of touches on the edge of my pussy set my body to vibrating again and I moaned in response.
      “I take it you like that then.”
      “Mmm.”
      “Do you want me to stop?”
      The rapidly diminishing, sane part of my brain was nodding vigorously as a red warning light blinked behind it but right at the moment, the devil spoke up once again.
      “You know you want this Jess. You want her to touch you, feel you... Taste you.”
      Those last two words were like the most seductive whisper in the ear that you can imagine. It didn't help that right at that moment Kat ran her fingertips over my swollen pussy and across my clit, just lightly tickling it.
      “Oh god, no, don't stop now.”
      The smile that went across her face all but said she knew she had corrupted me now and that she could do whatever she liked with me. I knew it and by now I was ready to beg for it. Kat moved her hand around my leg and came back up from behind, this time she didn't hesitate to apply some pressure with her fingers against my pussy as her thumb brushed back and forth across my butt. God, she knew what she was doing. I could feel my juices leaking through the material of my panties and onto her fingers and I heard her moan as though she was no longer completely in control of herself anymore.
      Kat leaned forward and placed a kiss on my inner thigh. A violent shiver ran through me as I felt her breath and then her soft lips touch my skin. She kissed me again and again slowly moving higher up my thighs. The realisation that she would be able to smell my pussy from where she was pushed me even further down the rabbit hole as I wondered if her pussy smelt the same or different to mine. A part of me knew I was going to find out and it made a fresh torrent of cum ooze from my pussy.
      I had lost track of her hands as I focused on the sensation of her soft lips on my skin, so I was surprised when I felt the button of my shorts pop open. She moved her head and turned my hips until I was directly in front of her. She leaned in again and gently kissed the skin of my belly that had been exposed by the button. It almost tickled and it caused another shiver to go through me. I could feel the shape of her lips curve into a smile as I did. Her fingers gripped the zipper and slowly it descended. Kat's lips, those soft, velvety, delicious lips followed the zip down and kissed a trail down the exposed skin then onto my panties. She gave a gentle tug and my shorts fell to my knees, I needed to move my feet together to let them drop to the floor. When they did I kicked them to the side and placed my feet slightly further apart than before. It was purely instinctive, I wasn't putting much thought into anything at this point, other than “Yes please.”
      Kat began kissing her way down again until I could feel her hot breath at the top of my slit. My clit was throbbing and when she placed a kiss directly on top of it I moaned. My fingers became tangled in her hair as I held her face to my pussy. She took the cue and began being less gentle. She moved further down and I both heard and felt her moan into my pussy. My legs were now as wide as I could have them and keep standing as Kat moved off the chair and onto her knees. I could feel her licking the cloth of my panties and I knew she was tasting my cum. She then lightly began biting my pussy and trying to suckle on it. Then all of a sudden she was gone.
      I looked down, startled by the sudden disappearance. She stood up and the fire in her eyes both scared me and aroused me beyond anything I had felt in a long time, hell, maybe ever. She grabbed me by the hand and pulled me after her.
      “This isn't good enough. I have to have more.”
      She spoke more to herself than me I think but I obediently trotted along after her. We got to the bedroom and she turned me around with my back to the bed then gave me a gentle nudge to sit down. I got on the bed and before I had even straightened myself out she was on the bed between my thighs with her hands reaching for the waistband of my panties. I giggled at her eagerness as she all but ripped them off me. Within seconds she had my legs in the air then over her shoulders as she buried her face in my sopping pussy.
      It was just seconds before I was panting and on the verge of an explosive orgasm. Her mouth seemed to know my pussy more intimately than I did, certainly more than my husband did. I always enjoyed it when he went down on me but this was a whole new level. The fact that she kept mumbling as she ate me only added to my excitement.
      “Oh my fucking god yes. You are so juicy and taste so fucking good.”
      I was no longer capable of words. I just grabbed onto her head with both hands and grunted as I flooded her mouth with my cum. It was like she was trying to get as much of my cum on her face as she could, as though she was revelling in me and couldn't get enough. I expected her to stop after I came but she was relentless. She was careful not to focus on my sensitive clit for a while but she never stopped prodding me with her tongue and lips, licking, sucking, tasting me. Once I had come down enough from that first explosive orgasm she started again in earnest. It was like she was trying to wring every last drop of cum from my body.
      I was in a state of bliss and another orgasm was slowly building in me. She had my legs spread as wide as they would go and she would alternate between gently licking all around my clit for while, then sliding her tongue as deep as she could into my pussy, then licking very gently and teasing all around the opening to my pussy then she would surprise me by sucking my lips and clit into her mouth hard. Sometimes she would bite my clit just hard enough to almost cause pain and then release it while giving it gentle kisses.
      She was making me feel like a goddess being worshipped. I was pulling and squeezing my nipples as she did this and I could see her looking up to enjoy the view. Sometimes she would growl with delight as I did and the vibration of it felt incredible.
      She had built me up nice and slow this time and I was well on my way to another delicious orgasm when she moved my legs up and back so that my thighs were against my stomach and my feet were up in the air. It was such a lewd position but so blatantly sexual that the thought of someone seeing me like this both terrified and excited me. I was thinking about different people seeing me like this and I began to pant as my orgasm grew. It was right at that moment that Kat took her tongue and flicked it back and forth over my ass hole while stroking my clit with her fingers. This is something that Peter had never done to me and I had always felt that area to be off-limits so I was shocked when it sent me once again into the oblivion of ecstasy. My hands wrapped in her hair and held her to me as she made me cum again and I screamed.
      “Oh my fucking god, yes!”
      D “Oh my fucking god yes!”
      A “Oh my fucking god yes!”
      It was like a chorus both in and outside my head as the angel and devil returned. Then all went blank. I don't know if I actually passed out or if I just lost my mind for a moment but there was a definite blank moment. When I could think straight again I looked at Kat as she knelt between my thighs and grinned at me like the cat that got the cream. She was still completely clothed and it seemed somewhat absurd to me. Besides I wanted to feel her body against mine now. I wanted to explore her nakedness. This was all new to me and as much as I had had the occasional fantasy about it, I had never had the opportunity to explore like this and I wasn't about to waste the chance now that it was here in front of me like this.
      I glanced across at the clock and realised I still had two hours before I had to pick up David. I looked Kat deep in the eye and grinned at her.
      “Why are you not naked?”
      Her grin grew even wider.
      “I thought you would never ask.”
      She leapt up and off the bed and stripped naked as fast as she could. I giggled again at her eagerness but I completely understood it too. She crawled back onto the bed and lay down beside me. She put her arm and one thigh across my body in quite an intimate manner. I was extremely conscious of her touch. The gentle tickle of her pubic hair on my thigh. The way our skin slightly stuck together because of the heat and the weight of her breast against mine. She looked me in the eye as I turned to face her and there was a vulnerability there.
      “Is this okay?”
      I kissed her soft lips and as my tongue gently brushed across them I could taste myself on her. Her lips were so full and soft and sensual.
      “Yes, it is, very okay in fact.”
      She smiled at me.
      “Did I make you feel good?”
      “Incredible. I have no other word for it.”
      “Mmm good.”
      It was my turn to feel vulnerable and nervous now.
      “Kat, I uh... I want to try and make you feel good.”
      “Mmm, yes please.”
      “I don't know what I'm doing but I'll try.”
      I had never felt more clumsy or amateur. Even that first time I sucked a cock. I know I didn't do a great job but it was easy to tell I had succeeded. I felt the need to do a good job and the last thing I wanted was for her to fake it at all. I have no idea where this need to impress Kat came from, she knew I didn't know what I was doing after all but that competitive streak came out and I did my best.
      I kissed her again and this time it became more passionate as it went on. I have to say that kissing a woman is nothing like kissing a man. It was so soft and gentle yet passionate and heated at the same time. I loved that I could taste myself on her and I wanted to taste her now.
      I rolled her onto her back then began kissing my way down her jaw, her neck and her chest. I kissed my way over the soft rising of her breasts and decided that I loved the way her flesh felt under my lips. It was warm but so smooth and soft. I kissed all around her breasts teasing her nipples with gentle grazes of my lips as I went past until I felt her hand on the back of my head and she raised her breast to my mouth. I smiled as I realised I was making her want more so I took her nipple into my mouth and began licking just the tip of it. When she hissed in a breath and moaned I couldn't help but smile again. I thought about the things I liked being done to me and did my best to do the same to her, smiling again as she responded. I seemed to be making a mental list of every little detail that she liked and on some level, I knew I wanted this again. This would not be a one-off event.
      I reluctantly left her nipples and began the descent once again into unexplored territory. I was scared and excited at the same time. When my lips reached her pubic hair I noticed a couple of things. First was just how soft her hair was down there, it wasn't rough or coarse like I had expected at all and it was well-groomed. I know that sounds silly but what I mean is that it wasn't a huge tangled bush but nor was it shaved smooth except around the edges where her bathing suit would come to. Where it had been removed her skin was silky smooth. It felt so good to kiss and lick that soft skin. The fact that she was making small gasping sounds and little mewling noises made it an incredible turn on too.
      The other thing was her scent. She smelt so good and it seemed to trigger every sexually related nerve in me. It was a warm and slightly spicy, almost exotic, smell and it was so inviting. I wanted to dive right into her both physically and metaphorically. I kissed along the outer edges of her lips and she cried out when my lips brushed across her exposed clit. I knew I was stalling because I was still a little afraid and she sensed it too.
      “Oh god, that's so nice Jess. Don't be afraid, please taste me.”
      I reached out tentatively with my tongue and ran it up and down the length of her glistening slit. Her reaction was almost violent as her hips thrust up and a strong shiver ran through her body. Her skin erupted in gooseflesh and she moaned a deep throaty purr. Ooh, that was a good reaction. It gave me time to realise that the taste of her, whilst quite different from my own taste, was quite pleasant. I wanted more, lots more. I reached up between her thighs with my hands, spreading her legs further apart, then parted her lips with my thumbs.
      Her pussy was beautiful. It was like a flower but so moist and delicious looking. I did my very best to then lick and taste as much of her as possible. I tried to do the same things she had done to me and I took great delight in holding her thrashing hips down and her pussy to my face as I sucked and licked her pussy to orgasm after orgasm. My whole face and throat were soaked with her cum and I just couldn't get enough. At one point I thought she would suffocate me as she squeezed her thighs in orgasm, trapping me against her pussy.
      I moved in to start again but she pushed me away. In my enthusiasm, I hadn't realised how sensitive she had become. Her thighs were twitching and her legs seemed to be dancing to their own tune. She was half laughing and half moaning like she was possessed. I didn't know whether to feel afraid that I had broken her or proud that I had sent her this far over the edge, maybe a little of both. I kissed her thigh and she jerked like she had received an electric shock. She placed her hands on my head as she continued to laugh.
      “Oh my fucking god. No no no, please. Don't touch me for a minute. Too sensitive. Fuck that was good.”
      I couldn't help but grin. I moved from between her thighs and back up the bed. I moved my arm across her, careful to not touch anywhere that would be especially sensitive. I hugged her to me in an embrace that I hoped conveyed everything I was feeling right at that moment. I could feel her shivering despite the heat and was relieved, almost comforted when she hugged me back.
      We lay on our sides, facing each other and wrapped in an embrace that involved our whole bodies. Our fingers gently touching and caressing each other's skin. Kat stared into my eyes and I felt myself getting lost in hers. I kissed her gently on the nose then on each eyelid. I couldn't get enough of the feel of her soft skin on my lips. I would never have believed that this was even a remote possibility this morning. Today was turning out to be a day for the unexpected.
      Kat looked at me again but this time she looked troubled.
      “What's wrong?”
      “Nothing, everything. I don't know.”
      She stopped and looked to be deep in thought for a moment.
      “Jess, did you lie to me?”
      “About what?”
      “About this being your first time with a woman.”
      At first, I began to laugh but I could see she was being serious.
      “Absolutely not. The closest I could say I had ever been to being with a woman was a peck on a friend's cheek. I have had the odd fantasy over time but nothing like this.”
      “How can you be so good at it then? I mean I have been with women who have never been with a man and they didn't do to me what you just did and as for men, well, you could just about make me swear off them forever. How is that possible?”
      “I don't know. Just an enthusiastic student I guess.”
      Jess laughed.
      “Yeah, enthusiastic is one way to put it.”
      She paused as she contemplated what she wanted to say.
      “Jess, I need you to know something.”
      “What's that?”
      “I feel shitty about the way I coerced you into this. I swear to you that I will never tell anyone what has happened here between us.”
      I thought about what she was saying and I felt a frown cross my brow.
      “It was a pretty horrible thing to do you know. I want to be angry with you about it but at the same time, I know that there is no way this would have happened if you had just asked or even flirted with me. I might have fantasized about it but I wouldn't have allowed it to happen. So, as much as I want to be pissed off with you right now I can't be.”
      “I'm sorry I did that, but I'm not sorry I got to have an experience that may just be the benchmark for the rest of my life.”
      I know now really wasn't the time for it but I felt quite honoured by what she said. I leaned in and kissed her gently on the lips.
      “Thank you for giving me the experience that I was too scared to try for myself. It was so much better than I would have thought possible.”
      We held each other for a while longer, just comfortable in each other's arms.
      “Jess?”
      “Yes?”
      “Do you think it's possible that this could happen again or will this be a once in a lifetime thing for you?”
      There it was, the thought that had been swimming around my mind just out of reach. I didn't answer straight away because this deserved some thought and, well, frankly, I just didn't know the answer. I sighed as I felt the weight of my indecision and confusion settle over me like a wet blanket.
      “I wish I could say yes and ignore the fact that I love my husband, despite what you may think. I also wish I could say no and be faithful to my vows and not feel like shit for being unfaithful. I wish it didn't matter what I did, but it does and not just to me. Kat... I just don't know the answer.”
      Everything I had just said seemed to slowly filter through to Kat. I could see it in her eyes as clearly as though she had spoken her feelings aloud. I could see her trying to come up with alternatives and options but then shutting them down one by one with logic. Eventually, she just sighed then chuckled wryly.
      “I should have known you would be too good to last. Oh well, you can't win them all I suppose.”
      I could see she was putting on a bit of bravado and trying to honour my decision or lack of anyway. I could see the disappointment in her eyes too. Considering I had been somewhat forced into this situation it was crazy that I was now feeling bad for having an out. What the hell was going on in my mind?
      Kat took her arm off me and I felt a pang of regret that matched the cooling section of skin. She sat up on the side of the bed with her back to me and for a moment just sat there.
      “Are you okay Kat?”
      “Yeah, I better get dressed and get going.”
      I didn't say anything at first, just watched her stand up and look around for her clothes. I couldn't help admire her figure and her smooth, soft skin. I wanted to touch her again and feel that soft skin beneath my lips. To taste her salty skin. Good god, I was getting turned on again already.
      I looked across at the clock and realised I had less than an hour to get cleaned up, dressed and down to the sports oval to pick up David.
      “Mmm, I could watch you all day moving around naked Kat.”
      She smiled a slightly devious grin in my direction.
      “No, you couldn't, because if you looked at me like that for more than a few minutes I would be all over you.”
      I laughed because she was absolutely right.
      “You have a point and I wouldn't say no.”
      It was an admission and we both knew it. Kat raised an inquisitive eyebrow and looked as though she was going to ask something but then changed her mind. I was curious though.
      “What?”
      “We'll see.”
      Were we daring each other to keep this going? I glanced again at the clock and realised I needed to get moving. I got up off the bed myself and went in search of my clothes too. My panties were once again in need of a wash so I pulled out a fresh pair and put them on along with a bra seeing as I was leaving the house. I pulled on my shirt and looked for my shorts, realising they were still on the kitchen floor. For some reason, that was the thing that made me blush about the whole situation. The fact that I had been ready to strip naked in the kitchen, hell anywhere if I am being honest, for either Jeremy or Kat.
      “I'm sorry to rush out like this Kat but I have to go get David from cricket training.”
      Kat looked at me and smiled then put her hand behind my neck pulling me in for a very passionate kiss. I could smell our combined scents and it sent a shiver through my body.
      “It's okay. You go do what you have to for your family. Before you go though you may want to wash your face. I love the fact that you smell like my cum but it might raise a few eyebrows down at the cricket club.”
      “They would just be jealous but I take your point.”
      She kissed me again quickly then turned and walked out the door. It left a hollow feeling in me that I didn't have time to dwell on. I went and had a quick wash then spritzed myself with some perfume just for good measure. Minutes later I was out the door and on my way.
     