Gabriel rubbed at his eyes. The words were starting to swim on the page in
front of him and his traitorous eyelids felt very heavy all of a sudden. But he
was almost done - just a little more and the candidate analysis would be done.
He willed himself to ignore the slight tremors of his cramping writing hand -
after all, it had been that way all night, so there was no use expecting it to
magically get better. His office was silent except for the scritching of his
fountain pen against parchment, since everyone else had long since gone home.

Shouldn't you be, too?

He resolutely ignored his niggling inner voice. He had work to do, and
besides, if he were really being honest with himself, he didn't feel any desire
to go back to his house in the City. Because that was what it was - a house and
not a home. It had been for a very long time.

He squelched that thought mercilessly and went back to writing. It is
therefore the recommendation of the School Administration that the two
candidates be apprenticed to experienced Soul Collectors for a period of at
least five years, to be lengthened at the Administration's discretion. He
signed his name with his characteristic neat penmanship, and stamped it with the
School's Seal. Done - finally.

He stood and stretched, trying to work out some of the kinks in his neck and
lower back, and then collapsed on the sofa in front of his desk. He'd take just
a short nap, and then he'd get back to work on the expenditure reports.

"The yellow wallpaper has to go. And I'm thinking about some nice
floor-to-ceiling windows to let in some light and brighten up this place."
A pause as someone quietly protested, before the voice continued., "Oh,
pish. Structural integrity is secondary to quality redesign. So you'll
just have to knock that wall out. No, I don't care if you have to put an
addition on. The WINDOWS, my dear. Do whatever you have to, but let's get some
light in this place."

At this point, Gabriel managed to crack open an eye. "What are you doing
in my office?" he demanded, his voice still roughened from sleep.

The Metatron stepped into view in all his glory, wearing a scandalous pair of
iridescent vinyl shorts and a glittering poet's blouse that revealed an indecent
amount of his chest. The grin on his face did not bode well, as far as Gabriel
was concerned. "No, no, the question should be, what am I doing to
your office? And the answer is simple! This," he indicated the walls with a
limp wrist gesture, "is SO last eon. I mean, how can you stand it?"

Gabriel could feel his eye twitch. "I can stand it just fine. And you're
NOT redecorating my office." He wished the Metatron would take his
renovations schemes somewhere very far away from him.

The Metatron stamped his foot, his gray eyes flashing like the warning strike
of lightening at the beginning of the storm. "I am too. And besides which,
your secretaries tell me you haven't eaten or slept for days. What good are you
to Most Holy if you run yourself into the ground, you dummy?"

Gabriel felt his ears burn. "At least I do work around here, twit."

The Metatron grabbed a handful of the front of his robes, causing Gabriel to
jerk back in surprise, though the Voice retained his grip. Stormy eyes bored
into his own. "He needs you. He needs you healthy and thinking rationally.
How can you when you abuse yourself like this? Do you really think that you're
doing anyone any good?"

The words stabbed Gabriel where it hurt most - his devotion. "Shut
up," he whispered harshly. "I'm doing my job. You might want to try
doing yours for a change."

The voice of the Most Holy leaned over so they were nose-to-nose. "My
job includes making sure your eternal attempts to bury your emotions in stacks
of paperwork don't affect your ability to perform the duty Most Holy gave you.
Now. I've already ordered the renovation of your office, and you are now
officially on vacation for the week."

The week? He just couldn't! "I have work to do, you insufferable
child! How is it going to get done if I'm on vacation?"

"Child?" the Metatron screeched indignantly. "You're
the child. It's just going to sit a week and everyone else will deal because WE
SAY SO!!!"

"We?" Gabriel repeated weakly.

"We," the Metatron affirmed. "Now go HOME, Gabriel. And if you
try to sneak back in or take things home to work on, I'm telling."

In a way, the move had been a good decision. The new house was just that - a
house, with no memories attached, no sadness leeching from its walls, no painful
reminders of laughter forever lost. It was perhaps with bitter irony that he
noted what he had known subconsciously for weeks.

Today was the anniversary of the day when he had lost everything.

He wandered aimlessly throughout the house. He had carefully packed away all
of their things and stored them in the attic. Boxes upon boxes of memories, of
half an eternity. The new house was filled with new things, which he owned and
yet were not his. He didn't want anything to be his. He wanted it to be `ours'.

But the Metatron was right. He wasn't doing Most Holy any good like this. So
he ate and settled down on the plain cotton sheets of the narrow bed, with its
impersonal blue comforter, and reached out a hand for someone who could never
hold it again.

"Yurkemi."

What the Metatron didn't know would only make Gabriel feel better. After all
- that insufferable, flighty, effeminate secretary had only banned him from his
office. He had failed to say anything about the School itself, which was where
Gabriel headed first thing in the morning.

The Administrator congratulated himself on his cleverness. He knew there was
plenty to be done at the School, and touching base with the teachers was an
important part of his job. Yes, that was it. He was there out of duty, and not
because a supremely powerful ditz had decided to introduce his beloved office to
a wrecking ball.

He occasionally had fantasies of introducing the Metatron to said wrecking
ball, but he kept those thoughts very deep inside.

Knowing full well that the last place the teachers would be this time of
morning was in their offices, he pushed open the door to the teacher's lounge.
It was a comfortable kind of room, with cushy furniture, a sturdy table, large
windows, and cheerful paintings by Suriel. He could hear several people bustling
about in the kitchenette, and the smell of gourmet coffee spurred him past his
reluctance.

He hesitated in the doorway, watching Suriel preparing a tea service; Mikael
was close beside him, staring at the coffee as if he were willing it to brew
faster. He just stood and watched them, listening to their idle chatter. It
occurred to him that she would have liked these two angels, who were
compassionate and loving and so earnest.

Suriel, bless his heart, didn't drop anything when he turned and saw the
Administrator in the doorway. "Good morning, Gabriel," he said as if
it were a perfectly normal occurrence. Mikael wasn't faring quite so well - he
looked rather silly with his mouth hanging open like that. There was a
suspicious smile tugging at the corner of Suriel's mouth that Gabriel wasn't
sure how he felt about, but the golden-haired angel made no comment and busied
himself with preparing a cup of coffee. "Cream or sugar, Gabriel?"

"Black," he said absently.

Suriel turned to him and peered. "You're certain? I thought I remembered
you liking your coffee a very pale, taupe color."

Gabriel could hear her voice as if she were standing next to him. Idiot.
You have time, you might as well drink something palatable. "Maybe just
a little cream," Gabriel conceded, brushing an imaginary speck of dust off
his sleeve. Suriel flashed him a brilliant smile and Mikael ushered Gabriel back
into the lounge, tea service in hand. He noted that the most recent addition to
the teaching staff was quite a bit more confident than the nervous, shaking
young angel he had met at the beginning of the year.

Suriel joined them, and handed Gabriel a cup and saucer. Gabriel thanked him
quietly, and sipped it absently. He couldn't restrain his eyebrows flying up in
surprise - the coffee was rich and very sweet. He inspected the contents of the
cup and smiled a bit. Sugar and cream, and lots of it. She would have approved.

He was just beginning to enjoy the peaceful quiet of it all when the door
burst open and the terrible duo tumbled in. Azrael and Raphael hit the floor in
a tangle of limbs, laughing so hard they could barely breathe. "The
Metatron really did kick him out. You should see Koe - he's out there with a
parasol and blueprints," Raphael managed, still gasping on the floor.

Azrael shoved the Professor away and picked himself up off the floor.
"His fucking shorts were blinding me." Gabriel thought about giving
him an extra two weeks of vacation for agreeing with his opinion on the matter.

"Speaking of fucking, did you see how much skin he was
showing?" Raphael asked, still grinning merrily as he seated himself next
to his lover.

Suriel and Mikael were pretending to look uninterested and failing miserably.

"We're talking about fucking? I see my timing is impeccable!" Uriel
announced from the doorway. Gabriel wondered how someone could ooze sex this
early in the morning, but Uriel was doing it with flair. He flounced into the
room, and moved to take the only other available seat in the room. And then he
stopped dead in his tracks.

"Gabriel?" he choked out.

Raphael and Azrael whipped their heads around, eyes widening.
"Gabriel?" they repeated, shocked.

Uriel recovered quickly and sat down next to the Administrator. The cheeky
angel had the nerve to press one smoothly toned thigh against Gabriel's. As much
as Gabriel would have liked to have moved over, Uriel was now taking up more
space than one might have thought possible. He settled for carefully sipping his
coffee again and adding Uriel to his wrecking ball fantasy.

/You seem stressed, Gabriel dearest,/ Uriel purred, a couple of steamy
and unwelcome images flashing in his mind.

/Don't start with me/ Gabriel hissed, his lips tightening into a
frown. /Like I'd want the Metatron's leavings./

Uriel's blue eyes narrowed. /Leave him out of this. There's more than
enough of me to go around. Besides...you seemed to like it last time./

Gabriel wasn't sure if Uriel had sent him the image, or if it had risen,
unbidden, in his own mind. A flash of Uriel, nude and crying out underneath him,
twisted through his thoughts. He scowled fiercely at the sensual pout on the
Angel of Wrath's face.

"Uriel, why don't you come help me in the kitchen?" Suriel asked
sweetly, though everyone in the room knew that was not a request. Uriel
looked like he would protest for a moment, but stood, flicked his hand through
his hair, and then sauntered into the kitchenette.

Gabriel cleared his throat and caught Raphael's eyes. "Actually, I've
been meaning to speak with you, Professor." The use of Raphael's title had
the desired effect of snapping Raphael to business. Raphael nodded and rose, his
fingers drifting in a caress over Mikael's shoulder before he followed Gabriel
out the door.

They walked along together in comfortable silence to Raphael's office,
whereupon the Professor shut the door with an audible click. "Now,"
Raphael began, sitting in his desk chair. "Mind telling me why you look
like hell?"

Gabriel had walked over to the window and turned sharply at the question.

"I don't-"

"You DO. You look as bad as you did when..." Raphael trailed off,
his amethyst eyes narrowing in suspicion. "Gabriel, what is this about? Why
are you pushing yourself so hard?"

Gabriel stared at him hard for a few minutes, before turning on his heel.
"It's nothing. Do you have some paperwork here, or should I go to Uriel's
office?"

He had forgotten the Professor could move that fast. "Gabriel, don't you
dare. I'm trying to HELP, dammit. What are you running away from?" Raphael
stood very close, boxing Gabriel into a corner.

Gabriel turned his head away from the penetrating amethyst gaze. "It's
nothing. I'm just...having nightmares. Nothing serious."

Raphael clasped a hand on his shoulder. "It is something, else the
Metatron wouldn't have contrived to get you out of your office."

"He didn't-" Gabriel protested, but Raphael quelled him with a
look.

"He did, and at Most Holy's prompting, I'm sure."

Gabriel stayed silent for a moment, thinking.

He just wants to help.

Gabriel's eyes widened in panic. "Did you say that?" he demanded of
Raphael.

Raphael blinked. "Say what?"

It had been her voice. He was sure of it. He was going crazy, he had finally
cracked. "Nothing," he denied hastily. "Listen, I thought I'd
help you out a bit with some paperwork."

Raphael snorted. "No way. You're supposed to be on vacation. The
Metatron will have my hide, or worse, stick me in those shorts."

"Raphael, please. It's Yurkemi."

Raphael froze. Yurkemi was dead. Yurkemi was worse than dead. Yurkemi had
been murdered by the Morning Star during the Rebellion. Only two things happen
to the souls of dead angels - they are destroyed, or they are reincarnated as
humans.

"Holy living fuck," Raphael whispered. "She's been
reincarnated, hasn't she?"

Gabriel looked even more exhausted than he had before, which was saying a
lot. "I'm not sure. I don't know. All I know is I can't sleep without
seeing her...they way I found her when...I just don't want to sleep. I can't
STAND it. And lately it seems like I can hear her voice, and I'm not sure if
it's me or if it's really her." It sounded to Raphael as though the words,
having been kept inside so long, were just tumbling out of Gabriel's mouth, as
if he couldn't get them out fast enough.

Gabriel always did this. He ignored his problems until they buried him.
Actually, to be more specific, he had done this since Yurkemi's death. While he
hadn't been the life of the party before, he certainly wasn't as anal as he was
now.

Yurkemi and Gabriel had been two halves of a whole. Twins who did everything
together, it had been once a common saying that they couldn't exist apart.
Raphael had found it to be a sick and twisted irony afterwards when it became
apparent that Gabriel really couldn't live without her and became a muted shadow
of the angel he had been before.

Raphael made a decision. "We're going to find out. Come on." He
pulled a protesting Gabriel along with him as he struck out for the Tower.

"Oh no," Gabriel said as they reached the steps of the Tower.
"I'm not asking Him. This is stupid, Raphael. I'm just going to go home and
get some rest."

Raphael clenched his teeth. "You're coming with me or I will hit you
over the head and drag you. It's for your own good, Gabriel. Now what's it going
to be - are you going to walk up there of your own free will, or do I have to
give you a goose egg first?"

Gabriel looked faintly shocked. "Azrael's been a bad influence on
you," he remarked sourly, but nevertheless, started up the stairs.

The Metatron pointed to the couch the minute they walked in his office.
"Have a seat, Gabby," he said crisply. "You may wait over there,
Raphael," he said dismissively, indicating a window seat with a wave.

Raphael sat down and watched Gabriel do the same, on an appalling pale pink
couch. The Metatron made his way over, and then straddled Gabriel's lap. The
administrator yelped and attempted to shove the Voice off him.

"Stop it," the Metatron snapped. Then he stiffened, and Raphael
watched the transformation take place. It was quick, the way Koe's voice would
shift from his usual tenor to an androgynous alto, and his gray eyes turned
shining silver. "You've not been well, Gabriel," the Voice said
softly.

"I haven't been well since she died," Gabriel said hoarsely, his
attention riveted on silver eyes. "I'm going insane. I dream of her. I hear
her."

"Not insane," the Voice corrected gently. "My Raphael's
assumption was correct. She has been reincarnated on Earth. But something
unusual has happened, and not of My doing."

Gabriel's lips formed the word "What" but never actually spoke it.

"Someone has caused her soul to remember you," the Voice said, and
it was displeased. Raphael shuddered a bit at the inherent threat. That was the
rule of angel reincarnation - their souls could not remember their previous
life.

"What can I do?" Gabriel asked, his voice strained.

The Metatron leaned forward and kissed him deeply. "You must take My
beloved Omael and cause her soul to forget once more. Then you will be
free."

"Don't want to be free," Gabriel whispered brokenly. "Only
want her back."

"She must forget," the Voice repeated, kissing him once again. Then
the spell over the room was snapped as the Metatron's eyes faded back to gray
and he shrieked curse words and clutched at his head.

Gabriel shoved him off. "Could you NOT do that?" he demanded,
wiping at his mouth in disgust.

"It wasn't MY idea," the Metatron retorted hotly, shaking with
fury. "Just because Most Holy likes to make out with you doesn't mean I
want to at all. And I don't, you insensitive bastard, thanks for asking!"

Raphael forestalled the Metatron from hurling a paperweight in Gabriel's
direction. "We'll be going now," he said quickly, pulling Gabriel
along with him.

The Metatron stared at the ceiling. "I'm not talking to you."

A pause.

"I think you get a sadistic kick out of it, that's what I think."

Another pause.

"Well, how should I know? Maybe he just doesn't LIKE tongue."

Her soul was like a beacon, and Gabriel could feel pulsing in his bones. It
took no effort at all to find her home among all the other souls in the world,
with Omael right behind him.

Omael had his good days and his bad days, but today was fortunately one of
the former. Gabriel suspected that was due to the fact that the mentally
unbalanced angel had spent the morning getting an earful from Most Holy. They
stayed intangible as they Keyed into a modest dwelling.

There.

A young woman was curled up on a couch, sipping tea and reading a novel. And
suddenly, she snapped the book shut and looked straight at him. Gabriel cursed
mentally. He was intangible and she could still feel the connection.

Well, there was no point in hiding now. He went tangible, and her eyes
widened. For, despite death, they were still twins. Pale blue eyes and
white-gold hair, they were mirrors of each other. Except he was old and she was
young, and she was happy and he was choking so hard on his own grief that he
didn't know if he could draw his next breath. "Yurkemi," he rasped after a
few moments, his voice hoarse with anguish. The girl – this ordinary girl
bearing the soul of the one he loved best – looked terrified, but Yurkemi
calmed her, centered her.

Next thing he knew, they were embracing and he was wracked by terrible
shudders, finally giving into to grief that he had never been able to express,
draining himself of the sorrow he had never been able to let go. He sobbed and
she held him, and she was the center of his universe, she was his everything,
and -

"Gabriel."

In that moment, he hated Omael more than anything. And yet he knew that she
was lost to him, and he had to – he had to, because if her soul didn't
forget, she couldn't rest at the end of her human life, and DAMMIT…

All he had ever wanted was for her to be happy.

So he nodded to Omael, and the Recorder took out his book and touched the
quill to the girl's forehead, and then crossed out a line in his book. She
went limp in his arms, unconscious. "Go away," Gabriel hissed. "Get the
fuck out of my sight, Omael, and leave us alone." The Recorder flung him a
contemptuous look, but Keyed back to Heaven without a further word.

He picked her up with ease and sat with her on the couch, his fingers
smoothing her hair. He felt hollow, and was dimly aware of the beginnings of a
headache.

"Amazing, isn't it? She looks just like she did before."

Gabriel looked up, and when he saw Belial, one of the four Demon Princes, he
clutched the girl closer to him. "You did this," he said quietly.

Belial looked oddly pained. "I do what I'm ordered to do. Not that it
made much of a difference." He was beautiful still, and Gabriel wanted to
carve him up and make him PAY for what he'd done.

"It makes all the difference, you spineless coward," Gabriel said evenly.
"Because she was finally reincarnated, and she didn't deserve this. She didn't
deserve what the Morning Star did, either."

Belial's lips thinned. "It was war. There were bound to be casualties."

Gabriel pinned him the fiercest glare he had ever bestowed on anyone. "This
was not a war casualty. This was cold-blooded FUCKING murder. Morning Star
wanted her and she didn't want him – she wouldn't go with him." He felt
his voice getting paradoxically quieter as he got angrier. "He pinned her to
the wall like a butterfly specimen. She died slowly and with great pain, and all
that while, I could hear her crying for me and I couldn't go to her because I
was busy fighting YOU off."

Belial raised an eyebrow, frankly disbelieving. "Who tells you these
things, Gabriel? The Morning Star did no such thing."

"News flash," Gabriel said tiredly. "Morning Star doesn't exactly
have scruples. He murdered her and lied to you, and killed others and denied
Most Holy's commands. He's a fucking sociopath. And you're a weak,
unprincipled, pathetic excuse for life, because you don't think for yourself.
And that was really the problem, wasn't it? Raphael loved you and you were
content to always let him lead, until the Morning Star bent your ear and twisted
you so far you couldn't see which way was up."

Belial wasn't listening. "Are you finished spouting lies?" he asked
casually, looking phenomenally bored.

Gabriel felt his fury melt away into exhausted frustration. "They're not
lies. But I promise you this - if you ever touch this woman or her family again,
I will sic Azrael on you."

Belial met his eyes for one long moment, then took up his Court Key and
disappeared.

Gabriel turned his attention back to the girl. So young. Maybe 25 years old?
It was hard for him to tell, sometimes.

He had to know her name.

He hated telepathy – had always hated doing it with anyone else besides
Yurkemi. It just seemed profoundly wrong to be able to talk that way, with that
level of intimacy, with anyone else but her. However, this was an exception. So
he reached inside, reached far, and brushed the Metatron's mind.

Gabriel?! the Voice of Most Holy demanded incredulously.

Her name. Ask Him what her name is.

A pause. Beatrix.

Gabriel severed the mental connection and felt the girl stirring in his arms.
Her eyes fluttered open, sending a jolt through his heart. "Don't be afraid,"
he whispered.

Her eyes were wide and confused, but she seemed calm, as though thinking it
were all a dream. "Who are you?" she asked quietly.

Gabriel smiled gently. "I am the angel Gabriel. What do you pray for,
Beatrix?"

Her answer gave him food for thought, and he rushed as quickly as was seemly
back to Heaven.

"Ardouisur!"Gabriel called. "Dammit, woman, where are you when I need
you?!!! Ardouisuuuur!"

"I'm right here, you bellowing idiot. What do you want?" she demanded
crisply. She had clearly been working in her Gardens, as her face was smudged
with dirt and she was wearing what appeared to be some castoff clothing of one
of her tenants - probably the green-haired boy's.

Gabriel launched into it, outlining his problem. "So you see, Yurkemi can't
remember me anymore, but she's still Beatrix, and she wants a baby but her
husband is sterile, so I need your help to make her happy."

Ardouisur quirked an eyebrow. "I'm trying to figure out how this isn't
incest."

"Never mind that!" Gabriel said dismissively. "I just want you to help
her conceive."

She was grinning now. "I don't know…it kind of smacks of the Virgin
Birth. You know, Gabriel, I usually help women who are physically incapable of
conceiving. The problem here isn't her – it's her husband."

"Can you help or not?" Gabriel demanded, supremely irritated.

She smiled sweetly. "Of course I'll help. I loved Yurkemi too, you know."
She stripped off her shirt and Gabriel's eyes widened in alarm.

"Wh-what are you doing?" he said, and cursed his voice for squeaking a
little.

Ardouisur calmly removed the rest of her clothing and started in on his. "We're
going to answer a prayer."

"Out here?" Gabriel asked, scandalized.

She giggled. "You're such a prude. And to think, Uriel tells me you're
all rough and fierce in bed."

"I'll kill him," Gabriel moaned as she pulled him to the ground.

Gabriel was beyond elated. He was surreptitiously looking through a baby
catalogue, trying to decide which crib he ought to buy for his niece. He had
been visiting Beatrix for months now while her husband was at work. She accepted
his explanation that he just had a vested interest in herself and her unborn
child, which was true and seemed to be enough for her.

He was going to be an uncle.

Beatrix had shyly asked him to be godfather to her child, and he had agreed.
He knew he was breaking about six different rules, but he just didn't CARE.
Beatrix was happy, which meant Yurkemi was happy, which meant Gabriel was
slightly less nasty to everyone around him. Just slightly.

"Gabby, darling, I'm so glad I renovated your office. The light in here
is just marvelous, now," the Metatron announced as he breezed in.

Gabriel hid the catalogue under some papers. "Dammit, will you put some
CLOTHES on?" he exclaimed. The Metatron was once again wearing those damn
iridescent daisy dukes.

The Metatron paused and looked over his shoulder. "What's your problem? I'm
covered."

Gabriel groaned. " I can't imagine how your blood can circulate with
those on."

The Metatron perked up. "Hold on a sec. He wants to talk to you."

Gabriel swore and tried to prepare himself for the inevitable assault. Sure
enough, the Metatron hopped into his lap. "You've been busy," the Voice
murmured in alto tones.

"I'm not breaking any rules that are listed in the book," Gabriel
managed, sounding slightly strangled.

The Metatron frowned. "You didn't precisely ask for My permission,
either. However, We'll allow it on grounds of extenuating circumstances. Just
keep it private, if you please, Gabriel."

Gabriel nodded once and thankfully didn't sputter as the Metatron – Most
Holy – leaned forward and engaged him in a lurid kiss. He tried very hard not
to think as a talented tongue danced with his own, and teeth gently nibbled on
his lips. He drew the line when the Metatron began to nip at his earlobe, and
one manicured hand made a dangerous path down his chest. "Stop!" he
protested breathlessly, pushing the Metatron away. "No offense, my Most Holy,
but why do you do that?"

The Metatron shrugged gracefully. "You're stressed and sort of sexually
repressed. I really think you ought to get laid more often. I am certain My
Uriel could make some recommendations." Gabriel stared at those silver eyes.
"Oh, by the way," the Voice said as an afterthought. "I like the name
Angela. You'll pass that on, won't you?"

Gabriel gulped and the Metatron's eyes faded back to gray. The effeminate
secretary swore profusely and scowled at the ceiling. "Helloooo! My shorts
stop fitting when you do things like that. Do you MIND?!!!" He walked out in a
huff and Gabriel stared after him.

And then, finally, he began to laugh.