From the pen of Dr. John H. Watson: In which the villain makes his demands.

Chapter 4: Missing Mr. Wooster

The sound of Roberson's voice greeting Mr. Wooster chilled me down to my bones. I had forgotten how pleasant and good-natured a façade he could create. Hearing those friendly tones and knowing the depravity of the man speaking made my stomach roil. Holmes was always fond of reminding me that the most charming and well-mannered exterior could mask the most ruthless heart, and Roberson embodied the truth of that adage as well as anyone I had ever met.

When Mr. Wooster stepped forward, permitting Roberson to shake his hand, my breath stopped, foreboding tightening my lungs. I began to wonder whether I should have tried to dissuade Mr. Wooster from going along with Holmes's scheme. Despite Mr. Wooster's good intentions, he did not seem to realize the danger in which he had placed himself by allowing Roberson get so close. Mr. Wooster was a kind-hearted and amiable young man, but he gave the impression of one whose head was so far up in the clouds that he had forgotten that the earth, with all its miseries and despair, existed at all. In other circumstances, Mr. Wooster's innocence would be charming, a delightful contrast to the morbid outlook with which I am usually assaulted in my day to day life as Holmes's friend and companion. This very quality, however, left Mr. Wooster unable, despite all Holmes's warnings, to believe in his heart that a human being could contain the sort of evil Roberson possessed. I feared that in supporting Holmes, I might have led Mr. Wooster into terrible danger.

At first, Mr. Wooster played his part well, and the bonds around my chest loosened, but then the undercurrent of the conversation shifted. Mr. Wooster became jittery and Roberson's instincts-like those of a hunted wolf-immediately sensed a trap. With astounding speed, he drew his pistol.

Jeeves rushed at Roberson while I rose from my hiding place, bringing my revolver to bear. Roberson's shot went off just as Jeeves grabbed Roberson's wrist. A sharp sting nipped the side of my face, and my legs crumpled under me, my ears ringing and vision dark around the edges. When my sight cleared, Holmes was kneeling at my side, one hand fluttering by my face as if afraid to touch.

"John," he whispered.

I nodded and waved my hand weakly in reassurance, still too stunned to do more. "Roberson," I said. It may have been a whisper or a shout for all I could tell through the tinnitus. I could not let Holmes's concern for me distract him while Roberson was in the room or Holmes would be the next to receive a bullet. Pivoting up into a crouch, he raised his pistol at Roberson but could not fire, for his shot was blocked. Roberson held Mr. Wooster tight in front of him, one arm choking his throat.

Holmes threw down his weapon, and my heart thrummed with such terror that I thought it would burst from my chest. Roberson had made no disguise of his murderous intentions regarding Holmes, and I feared lest it all end here, with Holmes on the floor, unarmed, and I unable to do anything to stop it.

Roberson had something else planned, however, some vile plot that was permeating his mind. Whatever it was that stayed his hand when Holmes was at his mercy, it was not compassion or uncertainty, or any other humane emotion, for Roberson had none. However grateful I was that Holmes's life was spared, I could not help but to wonder what more destructive retribution Roberson planned. With Mr. Wooster as his prisoner, Roberson left. A grim silence followed his departure.

Holmes, still kneeling, and tense with strain all throughout the exchange, wilted. He dropped to the ground and crawled the few feet to where I was laboriously pushing myself off the floor. Resting one hand on my back and another grasping my wrist, he helped me sit up. He looked carefully into my eyes, first the left then the right, then peered at the side of my head where the bullet grazed my skull, examining me for a possible fracture. His face was ashen, his smoke grey eyes wide with alarm. "Had the bullet been the merest fraction of an inch to the left…my God, John, I should never have put you in such danger."

Holmes drew his handkerchief from his pocket and dabbed at the blood on the side of my face. Jeeves helpfully carried over a glass of water into which Holmes dipped the cloth.

"It's all right Holmes," I said. "It's just a scratch, a graze. It dazed me, but I'm fine. We should be worrying about Mr. Wooster."

"You were shot; Mr. Wooster was not." Holmes retorted. "Now let me see-"

"Do I need to remind you which of us is a physician? As much as I respect your intellect, only one of us has been to medical school, and it was not you. If I say that I am fine, it means that in my professional, medical opinion, I am fine. Unlike you, I don't ignore potentially life-threatening conditions out of some mistaken belief in my own immortality."

I half-regretted the words almost as soon as they left my mouth. It was not often that Holmes revealed any sort of affection, and were I a more manipulative sort, I should have taken advantage of the opportunity that the mild but bloody wound gave me. Yet after days on the receiving end of Holmes's snarls and contempt, it was difficult to do anything but snarl back, even though my heart sank to see his expression close off once more and the light of concern fade from his eyes until they were nothing but a blank and stony wall.

He pushed himself away from me and stood, leaving me to regain my feet on my own, the glass of water and the handkerchief abandoned on the floor beside me. I picked them up and resumed the task of cleaning away the blood. Pacing up and down the room Holmes swore, "Damn it all! And damn Mr. Wooster for letting Roberson come too close."

"Are you suggesting that Mr. Wooster is solely responsible for his predicament, sir?" Jeeves asked frostily, righting a statuette that had been overturned sometime during the struggle.

"If he had obeyed my instructions, and kept out of the way, Roberson would not have been able to take him hostage."

"If he had obeyed your instructions, I would not have been close enough to Roberson to grab his wrist, and Dr. Watson would be dead."

"Roberson attacked because he noticed Mr. Wooster's unease. It was obtuse of me to trust a blithering dullard like Wooster to the task."

Jeeves stiffened. "Mr. Wooster only complied with your plan because you asked it of him."

"I neither solicited nor appreciated the ill luck that brought the packet here and resulted in Mr. Wooster's participation in my affairs. Now, thanks to his folly, Roberson has escaped and Mr. Wooster has very likely got himself killed."

"He will not be killed," Jeeves declaimed, his voice deep and resonant and each word clipped. Heretofore, he had only ever spoken in the most calm and measured tones, even in his quarrel with Holmes. The fervour that had streaked across his features faded back into his usual statuesque mask of propriety. His voice returned to its native mellow timbre. "If you will excuse me, gentlemen," he said, offering a short bow, and left the room.

After a long and uncomfortable silence, Holmes spoke. "This is useless."

"Holmes?"

"This squabbling. It solves nothing. I should be engaging my mind on more important things."

"Do you have a plan in mind?" A thread of worry drew my brows together. "You can't track Roberson."

"Could I not?"

"I do not doubt your ability," I clarified. "I merely point out that if Roberson discovered you, he would kill Mr. Wooster. It is not worth the risk."

"What do you suggest? Every moment Roberson is allowed to walk free is a travesty of justice."

"I suggest we wait, no matter how keenly you feel the injustice of it. You are the one who is always going on about needing all the facts before taking action. Well, we don't have all the facts, not until we know what Roberson's intentions are."

"Quite right," he muttered, rubbing his temple with his pale hand. "This case…I'm not thinking clearly."

Rarely had I heard him express such sentiments; even when the solution to a case eluded him, he preferred to frame the problem as a deficiency of information, or a failure of deduction, not a lack of rationality. His nerves must have been extraordinarily rattled to let such an admission slip. I laid a hand on his arm in an offer of support, of solidarity.

Yanking his arm away from my gentle touch, he spoke, pacing restlessly across the room. "The problem is a need for objectivity. This is the price I pay for allowing the harsh grit of emotion to settle into the fine, logical gears of the mind. I can see all problems clearly but my own, and Roberson is exploiting that weakness."

"Holmes," I trailed off, not knowing what to say to ease his mind. It was an old dilemma, the vacillation between his ideal of pure, emotionless logic and his all too human enthusiasm and need for affirmation and companionship, an audience for whom to perform. Although it was his humanity, his passion that made him the brilliant detective that he was, he could never see it as anything but a flaw in an otherwise perfect reasoning mechanism.

"Give me time, Watson," Holmes muttered. "Roberson must be dealt with; everything else must be banished from my mind." He flung himself into a chair, and, steepling his long fingers in front of his lips, closed his eyes.

I glanced longingly at the whisky on the sideboard, but under such precarious circumstances as these, I decided against it. Instead, I retrieved the handkerchief and water and found a mirror to complete the cleansing and inspection of my wound. The bleeding, though copious, as is the nature of head wounds, came from a cut little longer than an inch, just above my ear. Once the last of the blood was wiped away, it was barely visible. The dizziness and tinnitus, too, were fading, putting to rest my fears of a slight concussion from my fall. For so near a brush with death, I suffered no more than a rattled mind and a bit of bleeding.

"One thing weighing on my thoughts is why Roberson didn't take the package with him," Holmes said without preamble. "It is unlike him to neglect to exploit every advantage at his disposal." His eyes flashed open and he rushed across the room, the stillness of his contemplation giving way to wild energy in the space of a breath. He retrieved the parcel from where he had stashed it and within seconds broke the cord and unwrapped it, revealing the crisp, white pages within. I turned away, afraid to witness his reaction when he read the words I had dared to commit to paper. "Now, let us see what exactly Roberson came to retrieve."

No sound but the shuffling of paper was heard while I let my eyes trace the thin and delicate networks of cracks on the glaze of a vase containing a single red rosebud. I expected ridicule, or distain, or a new round of recriminations, but none came. I looked up at Holmes then, and saw to my surprise a strange, bitter smile twisting his face.

"Holmes?" I asked, hoping to break him out of whatever odd mood had taken hold of him.

"It was a ruse. He left it behind because he didn't need it." He thrust the papers at me. I glanced at the top page.

The parcel was composed of leaves torn from copies of my published stories. At first, I assumed that the selection was random, but after further examination, I noted a pattern. Each page contained an episode wherein I allowed a private detail or a hint of my deeper fascination with Holmes to slip. There were scenes from our early acquaintance and my attempts to study Holmes in a methodical, systematic way, going so far as to record what I later realised was a wholly inadequate list of attributes; the account of his return from the 'dead' and the concern he showed at my faint; another from the Milverton case, when Holmes and I were trapped behind a curtain, fearful of discovery; and, at the very end, the narrative of that terrible time when I thought I had lost him at Reichenbach Falls.

I was at a loss for words. "This…this is-"

"This is mockery," Holmes ground out from teeth bared in a snarl. "The letter he sent to Sussex, the threat, nothing was real. It was all a ploy, a trick, a trap, and I would have walked blindly into it had Mr. Wooster not inadvertently disrupted Roberson's plan by taking a walk to the post office this morning."

"Why come back for the papers if they were merely meant to be bait?"

"If he does not have the real papers in his possession, then his accusations were mere guesses and his letter to me was a bluff, and we fell for it, thus confirming his suspicions. If he does possess the real papers…" Holmes trailed off in thought. "If he does possess them, but did not intend to mail them to the press as he threatened, then the letter was his method of luring us to London, and presumably into an ambush.

Holmes prowled the room, expounding on his hypothesis. "He would return for the decoy because could not know just how close on his trail we were or how readily we would find Mr. Wooster and the lost packet. He wouldn't want us to see the contents before he was ready to spring his trap, because he knew it would put us on guard. His collision with Mr. Wooster threw his plans out of alignment and he was trying to salvage them. If that is the case, then it is the one ray of light in this otherwise dismal situation, that Roberson's strategy has been as sidetracked as ours. I wonder where he would have waylaid us?" he mused. "Surely not the post office, it's too public." He wandered lost in thought.

"What does he intend now?" I said, bringing Holmes's mind back to our current predicament. The idea that Roberson had tricked Holmes, that Holmes could be tricked, horrified me. He had, by his own admittance, been bested a few times before, but those instances were so few and far between that they seemed unreal aberrations. Moreover, those foes, unlike Roberson, wished merely to evade capture, and were a threat only to Holmes's pride.

"I don't know what his plans are. I can't deduce them." Holmes's tone was flat. "I know only his goal: my ruination. I cannot say what steps he will take to ensure it, especially now that his first salvo has gone awry."

"Then what are we going to do?"

Holmes snatched the papers out of my hand, flung them into the fireplace and scrambled for a match. After a few angry strikes, the match lit and it, too, was tossed on the grate, setting alight the pages that had scattered within. The flames reflected in the deep hollows of Holmes's eyes like twin sparks cast forth from hell.

"We're going to find Roberson and defeat him."

Holmes fell into deep contemplation, while I remained silent so as not to disturb him. Some minutes later, the bell rang and Holmes fixed the door with a vexed glare. I pondered the etiquette of answering a door not one's own, but Jeeves glided into the room as cool and professional as ever to inquire who was at the door.

"The police, gentlemen," he said, admitting a pair of blue-suited policemen. "Constable Davidson and Constable Archer."

"Right. So which one of you is Mr. Wooster?" Davidson asked. He was a tall, broad man with a flaming red beard. Were his bobby helmet to be replaced with a horned one, he would pass for a Viking raider out of a children's picture book.

"Ah, he is-" I paused.

"He is not available at the present time," Jeeves replied.

The constable's eyes narrowed in suspicion and his red beard bristled. "Hm. I don't suppose he'll be back soon, will he?"

"I should not expect so, Constable."

"The trouble is, you see, that we got told that a shot was heard, a shot coming from Mr. Wooster's flat."

"A shot, sir?" Jeeves blinked in a perfect imitation of bafflement. "There have been no shots here."

"Yes, a shot." He pointed at us. "And who are these men?"

"Guests of Mr. Wooster."

"Guests here while Mr. Wooster isn't? That's irregular, isn't it?"

"Mr. Wooster frequently opens his property to his friends and associates."

"See here, is that blood on your collar, sir?" Constable Davidson pointed at me. "And spots there on the floor?"

"Blood?" I glanced towards my shoulder, although without a mirror it would be impossible to see my own collar, and then to the red spatter on the rug. "Yes, but it's my own," I assured them.

"My clumsy friend cut himself," Holmes explained, smiling good-naturedly. "In a bit of high spirits, I tossed him a bottle opener, but he bungled the catch. The point left a nasty scratch. It bled like the dickens, but isn't much to look at. Show them," he commanded. I turned my head and pointed out the thin gash.

"Hm. Shots heard, strange gentlemen in the house, blood on the floor, the master missing," Constable Davidson puffed himself up, his broad shoulders nearly touching the sides of the doorframe. "We're going to have to take a look around."

Holmes scoffed. Jeeves ignored it and said, "If you believe a search would aid your investigation, I am certain that Mr. Wooster would not object. I will, of course, assist you however you wish."

"All right then, let's start with the bedroom and any wardrobes big enough to hide a body."

Once Jeeves had led them away I leaned over the arm of the chair in which Holmes sat to whisper in his ear. "Holmes," I said. "I have a revolver sitting in my pocket and two policemen are searching the house."

"Correct."

"If they take it into their heads to search us, too, it could cause a bit of a problem."

Holmes held out his hand. "Give it to me, then."

"What are you going to do with it?"

"Just hand it over, quickly, before they return."

I obeyed, as I always obey Holmes, baffled but without hesitation. He took it and his own pistol and stuffed them under the chair cushion on which he sat.

"You must be joking," I said, horrified by how cavalierly Holmes was treating the situation.

"Shh!" he hissed as the policemen returned with Jeeves trailing behind them.

They began searching the sitting room while Holmes looked on, leaning back in his chair calm and unperturbed. Behind the settee, in the cabinet, and under the piano, all received a quick eye.

"No luck, I take it?" Holmes asked.

Constable Archer, a wiry, dark man, spoke for the first time. "We're not done yet. Plenty of places left to look."

"Yes, of course," Holmes said. "Diligence is the virtue on which a good investigation sits." He took out a cigarette and lit it, settling comfortably on the chair in which the revolvers were hidden. For my part, I was torn between bursting into hysterical laugher and throttling him.

Constable Davidson glared at Holmes's flippant tone. "What's behind this door, then?" he asked Jeeves.

"That would be the dining room, Constable."

Again, the police left the room with Jeeves, and again I found myself muttering frantically in Holmes's ear. "Are you mad? You're all but telling them where to look. 'On which a good investigation sits' indeed," I said with disgust.

"Calm yourself, Watson. I've seen many men of this sort conduct many so-called 'investigations'. We've nothing to fear." He flicked a bit of ash on the floor. I mused that it was a fortuitous thing that Jeeves was not around to witness such disrespect done to the clean rug.

The constables searched the rest of the apartment in the time it took Holmes to finish his cigarette. When they returned to the sitting room, Holmes greeted them by saying, "I've always said that flawed perception is the seat of nescience. Perhaps the neighbours heard incorrectly."

"We're not through here. Stand up, stand up now!" Constable Davidson ordered his colleague to search Holmes's person.

Holmes flinched as the constable roughly patted him down. Holmes detested strangers' touches, especially those he did not initiate and could not control. Constable Davidson fired off questions while the search progressed.

"Are you a Communist?"

"No."

"A Fascist?"

"No."

"An anarchist?"

"No, although there are times when the actions of the government make me wish I were."

"Don't try to be funny," Constable Davidson scowled.

"I wouldn't dream of it."

"Are you an addict?" the constable continued.

Holmes didn't blink. "No."

"Gambler?"

"No." Holmes rolled his eyes. "If you're hoping to find some evidence that my friend and I are here involved in some illicit affair, I'm afraid you'll be disappointed."

"Hmph."

Then they turned their attention to me. Compared to Holmes's barbed comments, saturnine features, and bohemian appearance, however, I appeared no more dangerous than someone's quiet and retiring grandfather, so their search was brisk and questions few.

"You see? No pistols, no body, no shots." Holmes smiled.

"What about the blood?"

"A man who had been shot would surely bleed more than that little trickle," Holmes replied, nodded towards the scant droplets that stained the floor. "As I said, the blood was from a clumsy accident."

Constable Davidson frowned, presumably pondering what to say when one was called out in the middle of the night to investigate an alleged shooting and could find neither anything to substantiate it, nor a plausible alternative explanation.

Jeeves offered a rationalization of his own. "Perhaps the sound the neighbours heard was the explosion of an automobile backfiring. To the unobservant, the noise can resemble that of a pistol."

"Yes, that's true," Constable Davidson said, clinging gratefully to the simple excuse offered. "An auto backfiring."

"If you are satisfied with your search, gentlemen, perhaps I can interest you in a drink before you depart?" Jeeves asked.

Constable Archer looked speculatively at his colleague, but Constable Davidson said, "Thank you kindly, but we're on duty."

"Of course." Jeeves showed them to the door. "Good night to you, gentlemen." Once they were gone, I let out an explosive sigh of relief that I hadn't known I was holding in.

"Thank God for the incompetence of the common police constable!" Holmes exclaimed. "There's a half inch bullet hole in the far wall, in the shadow of the curtain, which a man with any real powers of observation could not have overlooked. I do hope that were I to be murdered I would have someone with a shred of skill conducting the investigation. What a pity it would be to have to leave my retribution in the hands of bunglers like those." He retrieved our pistols from their hiding place and passed mine back to me.

"If you were to be murdered, Holmes, I promise that I would properly avenge you."

He snorted in reply, whether in amusement or scorn, I chose not to contemplate.

"Under the circumstances," I said, "You shouldn't complain. If they had been more perceptive we would have had a devil of a time trying to explain ourselves."

"True. I suppose even idiocy is occasionally useful."

"Although I suppose if we had been unlucky, we could have simply told them who you are. With your reputation-"

"With my reputation, the police would become more convinced than ever that a crime has, in fact, been committed, and that I am investigating it. They would then be insistent on joining the investigation whether I wished it of them or not. That would be a disaster. No, the police must not know that we are in London. Not yet."

Conversation drifted away, Holmes curled up in the chair, staring off into who knew what vistas of the mind. Jeeves, meanwhile, prowled the apartment, busying himself with inconsequential tasks, dusting, sorting, cleaning. When I noticed that he had dusted a certain blue vase three times, I realized that he was not merely attending to his duties, but desperately keeping himself busy while we waited for Roberson to contact us. Finally, at half-past eleven, the telephone rang. Jeeves swiftly crossed the room and answered it.

"Mr. Wooster's residence," he said. How he kept his tone so even in the midst of such calamity was a marvel. There was a pause, and a faint touch of a distasteful sneer tilted Jeeves's mouth. By that small gesture, I knew who the caller was. A moment later, Jeeves spoke again, "Yes, he is," and held the receiver out to Holmes.

Holmes snatched the telephone. He did not wait for the caller to identify himself. If I could deduce his identity, Holmes surely could. "Roberson," he spat.

I watched Holmes's face intently as Roberson spoke on the other line. The muscles of his jaw rippled as he clenched his teeth. "Enough games, Roberson, what do you want?" There was a pause. "I've no intentions of parleying with you. Simply name your terms and be done with it."

Blood drained from Holmes's already pale face, leaving him as ghastly white as a corpse. His grey eyes blazed like a wrathful spirit. "And if I refuse?"

Hoping to become privy to Roberson's demands, I drew closer, but in vain. All I could hear was Holmes's replies. "What about the papers?" he asked.

Whatever Roberson said, it wasn't good. Holmes's lips tightened into a grim line. "How do I know you'll release him if I do as you say?"

I wondered what Roberson could possibly offer in reply to that question, and whether Holmes would accept any answer Roberson gave. Holmes did not press the point, however, either satisfied by Roberson response or, more likely, recognizing the futility. When next he spoke, it was with despondency. "It will take time."

There was a long silence, and Holmes's expression remained static and empty throughout. His air of grim desolation was slowly paved over by a thick façade of stoic detachment as Roberson spoke.

"Yes," he said at last, in the chill and heartless voice of an automaton. Moments later he hung the telephone receiver back on the stand and clenched his hand into a tight fist.