The package that changed my life was a six-inch box and stuffed with bubble wrap. I had no clue who it was from since the return address was missing. Inside the bubble wrap was a stone. It was smooth, sort of flat, and purple swirl, like a meditation stone. It didn't come with a note so I was a little confused.
I think the mystery of it all is why I started carrying it around. Since the stone was small enough and light enough to fit comfortably in my pocket, that's where it began living. If I was in a stressful situation, I'd rub it. If I was bored, I'd rub it. Honestly, it got to the point where I was rubbing that stone more than I was rubbing my own dick. I don't know why it soothed me, but it did so I rubbed it.
For months I treated the stone as if it were the most precious thing in the world. Sometimes, I'd forget my phone at home and think, oh well, but if I left the stone then I'd turn around and go back. It had become my safety blanket until one night I had the overwhelming urge to cum on it. I know, sounds weird as hell, but the more I thought about it, the harder my little slug of a penis got.
I'm not big in that area, I've always known I never would be. The rest of me, on the other hand, grew to be fairly round, but between the legs, I wasn't so lucky. When excited, I would grow to an unimpressive five inches with enough thickness that women could feel me, but not so much they ever complained I stretched them out. All three of my former lovers told me I was fine in bed, but only because of my willingness to use my tongue so enthusiastically.
As I sat on my couch, watching two women devour some lucky guy on my laptop, I stroked myself. It felt good, like always, but it wasn't what I had hoped for. The stone was in one hand and my cock was in the other, I was caressing it more than I was me. It was distracting and a little frustrating, but the urge to continue sat heavily on my chest. It was taking a long time, longer than normal, and my hand was starting to cramp so I tried switching from right to left.
I passed the stone from one hand to another and dropped it directly onto my erection. I jerked at the impact, but not because it hurt. The instant the purple swirl touched me I groaned. It was like a lightning bolt of ecstasy shot through me. The stone lay on my leg and felt warm. I know I should've pushed it away from me but I wanted to feel the lightning again so I held it against my shaft.
The feeling of lightning didn't return, but the warmth stayed. Actually, it stayed and seemed to cause the stone to soften. The more I rubbed the stone against me the more it felt like a tongue. I let my head fall back, no longer interested in the laptop, and let the stone have me.
In my mind was an image of a woman with purple hair and a curvy tan body. She knelt in front of me, worshiping my cock with her mouth. I could feel her need to taste me, to swallow me, and it was as strong as my need to feed her everything I had built up over the last few months. My thoughts turned to reality as I felt the stone dissolve around me and her head slowly formed under my hand. As she appeared, her name echoed through my mind, "Isabella."
I looked down just as the woman with the purple hair smiled up at me and took all of me into her mouth. The sight and the feel of her wet throat engulfing my tip sent me over the edge and as I held her tight against me, I came. Surprisingly, she used my hips to help push her face harder into my crotch as if she had to have more of me. She didn't release me until I was empty and flaccid.
Her purple eyes blinked as she whimpered a little and asked, "That's all I get?"
My body wanted to give her everything I could, but my brain, unable to process what was happening, shut down. She stood up, and the last thing I saw before I passed out was a purple bush resting atop the prettiest little pussy I'd ever seen.
I'm not sure how long I was out, but I was still on the couch, and my clothes were still on the chair. My loft apartment was a wide-open space with the bathroom the only spot with actual privacy walls. The woman was nowhere to be seen and my front door's chain was still on so I chalked it up to a dream.
As I got off the couch I noticed two things. One, my stone was gone, and two, so was my cum. Neither were on me nor were they on the couch or the floor. I was bent over and sweeping my hand under the couch when I heard her voice.
"Can't say I'm mad at the view."I jumped and spun around, my hands went to my crotch. She rolled her eyes. "You blow a load down my throat and now you're shy?"
She was standing outside the bathroom and unlike me, she wasn't trying to hide her naked body. She was shorter than me by almost three inches, her long purple hair cascaded down her back, and I had to keep myself from drooling over her full firm breasts and thick round ass. And the icing on the cake was I hadn't dreamed the small thatch of purple hair sitting neatly between her legs. Her body looked like every wet dream I'd ever had and mine looked like closing time at an old dive bar when they turn the lights back on.
"That happened?"
"Yeah, and then you passed out. Is that going to happen every time you cum in me?"
"In you?"
"In me, on me, whatever you want," she said as she wandered around my small loft. "That's a man's fantasy, right? A woman who'll fulfill his every little sexual desire? Well, that's who I am, I'm your fantasy come to life."
"What?"
"Which part are you having issues with? The 'I'll do whatever you desire' part or the 'I'll do whatever you desire' part?"
Nothing she was saying made any sense. I grabbed my clothes and started putting them on as she smiled at me.
"I'm really confused right now. I mean, yeah, I really enjoyed what you did earlier, but who are you?"
"That's it, that's the only question you have? Who are you? And you know my name, you whispered it when I arrived."
"Isabella?"
"Isabella," she repeated. "I like it. It brings the image of grace and sexuality."
As she investigated my items she began bending over allowing me to see all of her. "Uh, can you put your clothes on, please?"
She looked at me for a moment and said, "Really? This body was created specifically to incite desire in you." She looked at me and I could feel her evaluating me. "Let me get this straight, you're gay? No judgment or anything, do who you want to do, but I was expecting to be matched with someone who was more sexually compatible."
Suddenly, a ball of purple fire flashed and she had a cell phone in her hand. It wasn't mine and she didn't have any clothes, so I could only imagine where she had it stored. It was flat and rectangular so where ever it had been hidden couldn't have been comfortable.
She spoke to someone for a moment in a language I couldn't understand and then she said, "My girl says you're not gay."
"Cause I'm not," I exclaimed.
"Hang on, now he's saying he's not gay."
"I never said I was gay."
"Shh," she said to me annoyed. "I have no idea, you're the one who ran profile." She waited a moment and then said, "Round, yeah, short, yeah, no confidence, yeah yeah, all that checks out, but I thought you said he'd be eating out the palm of my hand... Ah, paranoid, that makes sense... yeah, he looks like a little bunny that's about to run... You don't think I'm trying here?! I'm butt naked, I've sucked his cock, and he's still asking me to put my clothes on." She looked at me again and said, "Yeah, he's attractive in a papa bear kind of way... Of course, I know that's why you sent me to him." She smiled and winked at me. "Alright, I'll spell it out for him."
The phone disappeared in a flash of purple fire. "Here's the situation, I'm what your people call a demon. More importantly to you, I can be your personal demon and all you have to do is bond with me."
My eyes ran up and down her body and I said, "Uh, what?"
She rolled her eyes and walked into the kitchen area, between one step and another, clothes appeared on her body. Spaghetti strap top that was two sizes too small and dark see-through leggings that didn't hide anything. "There, can you think now? Is this better?"
"Actually, it's worse."
"How's this worse than naked?!"
"I've always preferred suggestive clothing over naked. It's more erotic."
"Good to know," she said as she started pulling things from my cabinets and putting them on the bar separating the kitchen from the living room.
"Are you looking for something?"
"Yes, breaking through to this realm drains a lot of energy and I'm starving. Where was I?"
"You're a demon."
She smiled, "At least you listen, that's good. So, what'd you know about demons?"
"You're going to drag my soul to Hell?"
As she cut vegetables, she looked at me as if I were an idiot. "Drag your soul to Hell? Ugh, no. Why would I want to drag you to hell? I just broke out. Is that what you people think of demons?" I nodded and she said, "No wonder so many of my kind get pulled back."
"Then why are you here?"
"Like I said, to bond with you, unfortunately, you have to agree to do it."
"I don't understand, what am I agreeing to?"
"I told you, me. You got anything to drink?"
I grabbed a couple of sodas from the fridge and put one in front of her. She smiled, and I asked, "That doesn't make sense, how am I agreeing to you?"
"My kind can't stay in this realm unless we bond to a human."
"So, you come across and bond with the first person you find?"
"No, we have a system in place. For example, if we bond I'll be responsible for helping others cross. I'll use the stones to create portals and others will use them to break through."
"But how do you choose who gets one?"
"Same as anything else, research. It'll be my duty to find someone who can benefit from one of us as much as we can benefit from you."
"I don't understand." She sighed and I said, "I'm sorry, but you're not really saying anything that makes sense."
She stared at me for a long moment and said, "Let's try it like this. My realm, what you call Hell, is a horrible place. For your kind, it's an empty desolate wasteland where you wander for eternity bitching and moaning about why you didn't do better. For my kind, it's even worse because we're forced to watch you wander around. Not only them are we subjected to the lost ones, but we're also subjected to the living."
"You can see us?"
"Yeah, it's like a reality show, but here's the thing, we can only see what the dead see. I don't know how it works, but they're still connected and we use our magic to watch you."
"Are the dead people able to see also?"
"Yes, and you'd think they'd be happy to be able to see their loved ones, but nope."
"Probably makes it worse since they can see but not interact."
"Hmm," she said scratching her ear. "You may have a point, but it doesn't matter because it sucks for us too. See, we, demons, are made of pure magical energy. You'd think that'd be amazing, but it isn't. Imagine living in a realm where you can't touch anything. Sure, we can commune with each other mind to mind, but can't ever touch, not even the humans wandering around. We can, however, break through to this realm and bond with you."
"Well, trust me, my life's no better. I wander through my day just wishing I could get back home where I sit on the couch watching TV and wishing I was out there doing something."
"Then it's a good thing I'm here, isn't it? You can keep me out of Hell, and I'll give you a reason to live."
"I still don't understand. I mean, you said you broke through, but how?"
"As I said, the stones are portals, but they need a little something extra to activate them. We need your essence, your life force."
"My cum?"
"Technically, your cum is the carrier of the life force, so yes, we need your cum for the same reason you need a cup to drink water. Anyway, once it activates we can break through."
"But you were here before I came."
"Okay, the cup analogy was bad. How about this, you ever carry something large? Like a rug? It sticks out, right? To the front and back? Okay, same thing. The cum is you and your life force is the rug. It pushes out in front of you and behind you. So, your life force was already opening my portal before you came. Then I was able to use the rest of it to create this body and stabilize myself in this realm. Make sense?"
"So, if I understand, you came to my world through a stone somebody sent me and I came on?"
"Now, you've got it," she said excitedly.
"But, why me? I'm a nobody."
She handed me a plate of food. "Not to me, you're not. To me, you're my savior, my teacher, my lover, father, mother, basically my everything. Without you, I can't stay. You've been given something I ripped open the walls of Hell for even a chance at."
"A sex life."
She laughed, "Okay, yes, but not just that. You can also have adventures, have imaginations, and can be creative." I started to speak but she held her hand up. "I know, you don't understand. In my realm, we don't have adventures or have imaginations, and for us, creativity comes from what we see through the dead. But here, through you, we can experience imagination and creativity and have adventures."
"But we have to agree to bond with you."
"Yes, that's the only way we can stay. You give us your essence and we share our magic."
"If you're just energy, how'd you choose this form?"
"I didn't, you did. When you used me to masturbate, a portion of my magic merged with you. Like my name, this body is your creation. When we bond, it'll change as your desires change."
"What about my body," I asked indicating my own.
She looked at me, a quizzical look on her face. "What about it?"
"I can't imagine it's what you were hoping for," I said.
She laughed, "I like your body, but I do wish you had better stamina. If you want, I can change it." I nodded and she said, "Get the image in your mind and I'll take care of the rest."
"Do I have to sign something in blood?"
"If you want, but that sounds kind of gross. Look, I have powers, which I'm willing to use for you, and all I ask is that you return the favor." I stared at her unsure and she said, "Tell you what, I'll use my powers to help you out, say for the next three, and then you can decide. Fair?" I nodded and she said, "So, want a better body?" Again, I nodded and she said, "Get the image in your head. Got it?"
I thought about myself as a younger man when I was in my twenties. I added a few muscles to the image, more hair on my head and less on my body. For the sake of my ego, I added a bigger dick. Nothing major, but something that wouldn't make me burn with shame and embarrassment whenever someone saw me naked. I nodded and began to feel a warm tingling sensation crawl across my body. As my body shrank, my clothes shifted until my shirt was hanging off me and my shorts and underwear fell to the floor.
I ran to the full-length mirror mounted on the back of my front door and looked at myself. I was still the same height, 5'5", but my body was twenty years younger with a full head of long hair. I ripped the shirt off and stared at my new body, I was not disappointed. I had a slight barrel chest covered in muscles that looked like they'd been sculpted from marble. My stomach had shrunk until my abs displayed themselves with pride. Between my legs, I was ecstatic to find five inches of limp meat hanging. If she stayed true to my image, when I was hard I would grow to eight inches and be as around as a roll of silver dollars.
My face was slimmer and bearded. Not just the stubble I usually try to sport, but a neatly trimmed full six inches. Before my change, I had body hair in weird patches, but afterward, my body was completely smooth everywhere except my chest. I felt as if I were the very pinnacle of manliness.
"Wow... just, wow," I said looking toward Isabella. I smiled, "What'd you think?"
She dropped her fork as I stepped next to her. Her hands began running across my chest down my stomach and around to my ass. "Yeah, I can work with this."
My confidence grew exponentially, I followed suit and as she explored my new body, I explored hers. The fabric covering her breasts was soft and her nipples strained the thin material. When my hand slipped between her legs her crotch was drenched. The skin between my own legs stretched to the point of ripping. I couldn't resist her any longer.
With my new strength, I tore her clothes from her body. Her cries of, "Yes... yes...," gave me all the encouragement I needed to continue with my new aggressive love-making style. Nude, we embraced, kissing as if we were two teenagers alone for the first time. My flaccid penis grew in size until he was crushed between our bodies.
With a powerful sweep of my arm, the bar with our plates was cleared. I replaced the items with her naked ass and began bathing her firm breasts with my tongue. Her arms and legs wrapped around me pulling me tight against her as I slipped her nipple into my mouth.
With minor protests, she allowed me to push her back until I was able to bury my nose was nestled in her purple bush. Her back arched as my tongue began tracing patterns around her lips. Her flavor wasn't the same as my previous lovers. I'm not sure if I can explain it correctly, but they tasted like humans. My demon, on the other hand, was sweet and smoky. Her juice was addictive, the more I ate her the more I wanted to eat her.
Her back rose and fell as her hands ripped at my long hair until I felt her legs stiffen on my ears. Her orgasm was ambrosia. I continued to worship her pussy with my mouth as she bathed my face in her juice. I made her cum twice more before she finally pushed me away.
With a growl, she slid off the bar and impaled herself onto my new tool. The taste of her warm honey was everything I could have hoped for, but the feel of her tight little box was heaven itself. She was smooth, wet, and gripped me better than any hand could. I stood in my kitchen, holding her ass as she licked my face clean of her and rode my new and improved cock.
She was desperate and wild and her fingernails felt like exquisite torture as they dug into my shoulders. I carried her to my bed as she used my body to satisfy her lust.
As I began to lay her onto her back, she rolled us. Her gripping pussy never left my swollen cock. Her fingernails moved from my shoulders to my chest as her hips began to jackhammer up and down.
An hour prior, my old body would have squirted the moment my tongue touched her purple-haired pussy, but I had supreme control over this new body and I let her ride. Her hips synced with the rest of her body and soon she was bearing down trying to drive me deep inside of her.
I felt her legs tighten around me, and her inner walls turn her tight grip into a vise. Watching her on top of me, writhing and screaming in the throws of ecstasy as her purple hair whipped back and forth I finally accepted she really was a demon. Her warmth spread across my lap as her muscles, exhausted from her exertions, released and allowed her to fall on top of me. I rolled her limp body over and began to drive in and out of her until I could released my own warmth.
The more I moved in and out of her the more she moaned and clawed at my back. When I came inside of her, she threw her head back and opened her mouth in a silent scream. Her hips rose to meet my final thrust, helping me to sink further into her until I was coating the deepest reaches of her vagina with my cum.
When I tried to roll to her side, her heels hooked the back of my legs holding me tight as her pussy massaged and milked me for every last drop I had. After a few moments, she allowed me to fall to my back where she curled against me like a contented little kitten.     
As I fell asleep, she whispered, "Damn, I do good work."