Caterina walked into the bar, looking around, noting what had changed and what had stayed the same. She slid onto a bar stool and flagged down the bartender. It had been years since she had been there, and she wasn't sure that her reason for venturing out would even be there, but she had taken the risk, and now she just had to wait. How long she was going to wait, she wasn't quite sure.

Geoffrey was working later than usual, wanting to finish the final session on a large piece. She found herself in a new house that was empty of any of the things she liked to have close, as they had not arrived yet, and she wasn't particularly keen on going out in a formal way. Her steps, when she left, took her to an old, familiar spot. She needed to get used to the city again, to settle in, and the bar held fond memories, different memories than the club or any of the other places she knew. And when she came in, she wasn't looking for anyone she knew, but she wasn't discounting that there might be someone there. Paris was like that. Some things changed and others never did.

Caterina smiled when she saw Hilda walk in, glad that her hunch had been right. She let Hilda get settled at a table before she stood up and made her way over, sliding into the seat opposite her without bothering to announce herself.

The blonde arched her eyebrows and pursed her lips, even though her bright eyes clearly reflected her surprise and delight. "Didn't I teach you to ask before being seated?" she said as she leaned back and crossed her long legs.

"I think you might have, but you've been gone a long time." Caterina was clearly just as happy to see Hilda. "I heard a rumor that you were back. You should have called," her tone was only mildly chiding.

Hilda took out a cigarillo and took time and care in holding it between her thin fingers to her lips as she lit it. She didn't think about whether or not she could still smoke inside the bar, and she didn't think anyone would try to stop her. "We've only just gotten in...and are hardly settled," she replied easily, smoke curling from her lips.

"We?" Caterina took a deep breath, inhaling the smoke, remembering the way that it smelled. It was something that she instinctively associated with Hilda. So much so, that whenever she smelled it, she looked around for the other woman.

As she ashed and a waiter brought drinks, Hilda's lips twitched with a half formed smirk. "I've rather gotten married." It didn't occur to her to worry about Caterina's reaction until then, but Hilda dismissed that. They had been long finished with that part of their lives, and if Hilda had been concerned about the etiquette of who to invite, she wouldn't have eloped.

Caterina's eyes widened in shock as she looked for a wedding band out of habit. "Married?" She smiled incredulously. "You're kidding. You've got to be kidding. That's fantastic."

"I'm not, actually." She smiled as she let the cigarillo dangle from the corner of her lips. "Bernard was livid, of course, and I'm half convinced he thinks I did it to give him some sort of coronary in order to get his stock and take over the company...as if I want to step out of my lab for that." Her words were clipped, matter of fact, and she fingered her glass as she spoke. "Anyway, his name is Geoffrey; we eloped, and I think you'd rather like him, not that it matters."

Caterina chuckled. She had only met Bernard a few time, each very brief, but she could imagine just how upset he would be over Hilda eloping. "Well, I can't wait to meet him then. What is it that brings you back to Paris? I though you were quite content in your lab in Copenhagen?"

"We're actually expanding the lab here, and I didn't want to oversee that from Denmark." She took a long sip and smiled as she sat back to regard Caterina for a moment. It had been too long, and she should have called more often. But that was the way of things. "You look good, Caterina."

Caterina blushed slightly at Hilda's appraisal. "Thank you. So do you." And that was certainly true. Caterina didn't know if it was love or contentment or simply a new moisturizer, but Hilda looked amazing. She wondered what it might take to get an invitation home, then wondered slightly if that was really what she wanted. They had both moved on from what they had had, and she wasn't sure that revisiting it wouldn't just lead to falling into old patterns.

"Tell me about you," she said, pointedly changing the subject. "The company is doing well? You're happy?" They might not have spoken often since Hilda left the city, but she did care.

"The company is doing very well." Caterina nodded as she took a sip of her drink. "And I'm happy enough, I suppose." Her last break up hadn't been pleasant, but she was trying to be objective about it. "I'm thinking about getting a dog."

Hilda snubbed her cigarillo at that and wrinkled her nose. She had never been one for animals save horses and the necessary barn cats. But Caterina was the type to have something large and ridiculous looking to be waiting for her when she came home at night. Of course, a slim, pretty girl trained well enough would do just as well. "Mm, not seeing anyone then?"

"Not currently." There were a few interesting people at the club, but no one that really wanted to have a conversation with outside of that setting.

"Geoffrey and I are looking at a place in the country with a lovely set of stables," she said as she took out another cigarillo. "Is the club still holding races?"

Caterina nodded again. "It is, though not as regularly as they used to have them." She wondered how long it would take for Hilda to disappear into her stables. "I actually just bought myself a country house."

"Did you? Mm, you'll have to have us out." Hilda smirked, eyes bright as she remembered long summer days at Therese's house outside of London.

"Certainly. You know that you're always welcome, both there and at my home here." It was then that she remembered that Hilda hadn't seen her house in Paris, having bought it after Hilda had moved from the city. "You'll have to come to dinner sometime soon."

"I'd like that. Mm, we'll have to pick a night when Geoffrey isn't working," she said thoughtfully as smoke rose from her lips with each word.

Caterina smiled, and the toe of her shoe brushed against Hilds's calf not entirely by accident. "What is it that Geoffrey does?" She was interested to know what sort of job would require someone to work through dinner, though it seemed possible that Hilda had married a chef of some type.

While Hilda did not reciprocate the deliberate touch, she did not move her leg out of reach either. "He's a tattooist," she said as she leaned back in her chair and crossed her arms haphazardly.

Caterina raised her eyebrows in surprise. That was almost as shocking as finding out that Hilda had gotten married at all. "A tattooist? No wonder Bernard nearly died." She laughed and shook her head, flagging down the waiter for another drink.

"Quite...and God knows he's covered with them." That was part of his charm, though Hilda might not have admitted that to anyone else.

Caterina kept chuckling. "Oh God, I bet the two of you look precious together."

Hilda arched her eyebrows. "Precious is hardly I word I think of in conjunction with myself or Geoffrey, Caterina. In fact, I think the last time I thought something was truly precious was when you so delightedly thought I was going to let you waltz into my rooms at the club and top me."

Caterina had the grace to blush at the memory, and she looked down slightly. "Well, I wouldn't have know what to do with you, so I suppose that it's good that you didn't let me." She ran a hand through her hair, resettling it around her shoulders.

"You turned out well enough," Hilda said quietly as she smiled. The easiness between them was good, and she was glad that it was one of the things about Paris that hadn't changed.

Caterina smiled and leaned back in her chair. "I guess I did." This certainly wasn't where she thought she would be when she first met Hilda, but she was better for it. She had no idea what would have become of her if she hadn't. "You know, I never really did thank you for making sure I didn't fuck myself over and screw up my life."

"I think you give me far too much credit," Hilda said as she snubbed the second cigarillo. She stood gracefully and bent to kiss Caterina's cheek. "But I really must be going. Call me about dinner, yes?"

"I will." Caterina returned the kiss, taking in Hilda's scent and resisting the urge to lean in. "Have a good night." She ran her hand though her hair again after Hilda left and paid for the drinks. She needed to be getting home herself.