The Villa in Spain
byTallrunnerguy©


The Villa in Spain Ch. 01

Immogen didn't want to stare, but she couldn't help herself. Judit was completely naked in their cabana as they changed into their next bikinis for another round of photos.

"Did it hurt when you got your piercings?" Immogen finally asked.

"A little at first," Judit said as she sat down to change into another tiny bikini. "It took me a while to build up the courage. Two glasses of wine before and a lot of pain pills afterward helped too!" she laughed.

It was the first of five days Immogen and Rob shared a villa with Judit and her husband Joseph. The trip had been six months in the planning. What started as a lot of mutual comments and compliments on their galleries and many personal messages on the bikini web site was now consummated with each bringing a bag full of tiny bikinis to model for their partners on the sunny Spanish coast. There was an undeniable sexual tension and flirtiness among everyone. So far, though, no one had done much more than look and comment. That was about to change.

"I love the way the men look at us in these bikinis when we are out on the beach, don't you?" Judit asked. "It's kind of a turn on. I know they are looking at me and they want to see more of me."

"I know what you mean," Immogen said. "I mean, I don't do anything nude for posting, but I like to do some just for my boyfriend."

They finished dressing and checked their hair and makeup in the mirror, standing side by side.

"How do I look?" Judit asked as she adjusted the sheer, tiny red bikini.

Immogen moved behind her and studied Judit in the mirror in front of them.

"You look fabulous," Immogen said, putting her hands on Judit's shoulder and adjusting a strap a bit. She looked up and saw Judit looking at her in the mirror. Immogen couldn't help herself and stepped a little closer and gave Judit a little hug from behind. Judit moved her head around and gave her a quick kiss on the lips.

"Thank you, sweetie," Judit said. "You look beautiful too. Black is so nice on you. Now we better get out there before the men start wondering what we are doing in here."

They giggled and ran outside for more photographs. They noticed a dozen other men were waiting a few feet behind their photographer husband and boyfriend to watch them model.

"Ooh look, Immogen. We have more eyes on us now!" Judit said.

It was getting very warm outside as it was now early afternoon. They posed together and alone, listening to advice from their partners and suggesting different poses to each other. The men in the audience really seemed to admire the shots of the two of them together.

"Come on, let's really give them a show!" Judit said and pulled Immogen closer to her. As the cameras clicked, she reached around and put her hand on Immogen's butt. One photographer moved around the back to capture the image. Judit's hands continue to explore Immogen, running up and down her back, squeezing her butt, and rubbing her stomach between her tiny bikini top and bottom. Immogen couldn't help but respond a little, raising her arms, rubbing Judit's shoulders and arms a bit, and gently brushing against her back and butt. Still, it was clear that Judit was the more daring and aggressive of the two.

When Judit moved behind her and Immogen raised her arms again, Judit brought her hands around and cupped her breasts. Immogen gasped a bit and then giggled. "Judit, you are naughty! There are people are watching us!" Immogen said.

"Yes, I know," Judit whispered in her ear. "Isn't it exciting?"

Judit leaned in closer then reached inside Immogen's black bikini top to pinch her nipples.

"I think our men are very excited by this, no?" Judit asked.

Immogen, who had forgot about the photographers, looked over at her boyfriend and Judit's husband. She couldn't help but notice both of them were very hard inside their swim trunks while they took dozens of pictures. The men watching behind them were staring and some had their mouths open.

"I think we better stop for today," Immogen said. "It's getting a little hot out here!" Everyone laughed at her joke as the ladies turned and went inside the cabana. Soon, Joseph and Rob knocked on the outside.

"Ladies, we're going to go to the café for lunch. Change into something decent and join us in a bit," Rob said.

Judit and Immogen stood inside the cabana, alone, a trickle of sweat running down their bodies and their pulse still elevated from the heat and the show they just put on.

"OK, we'll be there in a while. Go ahead and order and don't wait for us," Judit said. "It will take us a while to get all these suits organized!"

Immogen watched as Judit walked over to her inside the cabana.

"That was fun, Immogen, don't you think?" Judit asked as she gave Immogen a hug.

"Yes, I am still very hot and sweating!" Immogen said, hugging her back.

Instead of breaking the hug, though, Judit still head on. Immogen knew what was going on but she couldn't help herself. It felt good to hold Judit. She was the same height, her skin was soft, her hair smelled nice, and, even though they were both sweating, her body felt wonderful. The only sound was their breath, rising and falling at a steady pace.

Immogen felt Judit's hands run up and down her back as the embrace continued. She flinched just a bit as Judit untied her top around her neck and the second tie around her back. Judit had seen her naked as they changed, but this was different. Now Judit was holding her, undressing her. Immogen didn't know what to do so she just continued to hold Judit softly.

Without her top straps across her back, Judit ran her hands up and down more. Then she moved her hands lower, cupping her ass in each hand and running her fingers over her thong strap.

"Judit... I don't know," Immogen whispered into her ear. "I...I don't know what to do."

"Do nothing if you don't want," Judit said. "I will do everything."

Immogen closed her eyes and just let Judit take control. She felt Judit pull away and felt her top drop to the floor. She felt Judit move around behind her and felt her small, soft, delicate hands come up and slowly squeeze her breasts. Immogen had never been with a woman like this. Sure, there were a couple of sloppy kisses when she and old girlfriends had too much to drink. But this was different. There was no alcohol. There was no party atmosphere. There was only two women, both very turned on, in a private cabana on a hot beach. One was topless. The other was massaging her nipples and whispering into her ear.

"Immogen, I think you are very beautiful. I have always enjoyed your photographs," Judit whispered in her ear as she teased Immogen's nipples to complete hardness. "Joseph always liked you the best of any other model, besides me, of course," she giggled.

Immogen was lost. She didn't know what she was doing. What she did know is she loved Judit's tiny fingers on her nipples. They felt so different than Rob's. She twisted her head around to the left and brought her lips to Judit's. Judit responded with a very wet, very sensual kiss. Like her hands on Immogen's breasts, Judit's kiss was both soft and hard; sensuous and more than a little bit naughty.

She felt Judit's hands slowly run down her stomach, past her belly button, and run across the outside of her suit bottom. She felt Judit explore the top band of her suit. She breathed deeply and kissed Judit harder as she felt her fingers slip inside her suit and find her clit.

"Immogen, you are very, very wet," Judit said. "I think you like this don't you?"

Immogen said nothing, just heard her breath pick up as Judit slid her finger up and down her clit and pussy lips. Her touch was experienced, like a woman who touches her own pussy lips often.

"I have to sit down," Immogen said as she broke away and slumped back on the couch. As she leaned back, she closed her eyes again. She heard Judit move on her knees in front of the couch then felt her hook her fingers into her bottom and slowly begin to pull it down. Immogen had to make a decision. Does she stop it now or does she lift up her ass and let Judit pull her bottoms all the way to the ground? She put her hands on Judit's to stop her while she thought more about it. With her eyes still closed, she released her grip on Judit's hands and lifted up her hips.

The next few minutes were unlike anything she had ever felt. Judit explored her clit with such a delicate tongue, such soft lifts, and such gentleness that Immogen could feel herself building up inside. Judit's face was so much smaller between her legs and her tongue seemed to lick and suck her in new and different ways. She gave into the pleasure knowing that this beautify Hungarian woman was doing everything she could to make her cum. She rested her hands on top of Judit's head, gently pulling her hair, until she could stand it no longer.

Immogen started shaking as her orgasm exploded. Judit just kept her lips on top of Immogen's pussy and sucked in her clit, riding with her wave. Those delicate lips. Those soft hands caressing her still-hard nipples. Immogen continued to push herself into Judit's face as her hips rose off the couch and her orgasm continued.

Finally, still trembling a bit, she pulled Judit up off the floor and embraced her in a very long and very wet kiss.

"I don't know what to say," Immogen finally whispered. "I have never been with a woman like that before."

"Don't say anything," Judit said as they cuddled on the couch. "It was wonderful to please you."

Immogen stroked Judit's hair for another minute as she caught her breath.

"Joseph would have loved to watch this," Judit finally said, breaking the silence.

"Wow, really?" Immogen asked. "I don't know. I mean, Rob and I have talked about something like this, but we never really did anything about it."

"Well, don't worry about it," Judit said. "We have many more days to just do what we want and to see what my husband and your boyfriend want as well."

"I can tell you what my boyfriend wants," Immogen said, giggling a little. "I know he'll want to fuck you."

"Oh my god, really?" Judit gasped. "How do you know such things?"

"Well, I have caught him looking at your galleries very closely," she laughed. "And I think he may have been very turned on by your pictures, if you know what I mean!"

"That is good!" Judit said. "Isn't that why we take them? Now, let's get cleaned up and go to lunch. I'm starving!"

Immogen knew this was going to be an interesting week no matter what happened. Now she really had no idea what was next. But as she stood up and started to collect her things, she knew it was going to be a lot of fun.

The Villa in Spain Ch. 02

Immogen sat through lunch feeling calm. And curious. Judit ate voraciously and gave no indication that her fingers had been inside Immogen less than an hour ago. Immogen watched Joseph feed Judit a couple of grapes and dab at the corner of her mouth with his napkin. Rob noticed and put his hand on Immogen's and gave it a squeeze.

"They're cute, aren't they?" he whispered. He moved his hand onto Immogen's thigh underneath the table and started to slowly move up and down with the back of his fingers. "I'm starting to regret agreeing to go into town with Joseph this afternoon," he told her.

"Don't worry about it," Immogen replied back with a squeeze of his hand. "I'm sure Judit and I will enjoy going back to the beach."

"Judit, we are fine on our own this afternoon, aren't we?" Immogen said across the table.

"Of course!" Judit replied. "You boys have fun in town. Immogen and I will try to stay out of trouble on the beach!" she giggled. "Plus, Immogen and I get to take pictures of each other. That will be fun!"

After the men left, Judit and Immogen were left inside the room, deciding what suit to wear for their afternoon sun and photography session.

"I feel like having some fun this afternoon. I'm going with the white mesh micro," Judit said.

"OK, I'll go with the blue Holy Grail!" Immogen answered back.

They put on their cover up dresses, white for Immogen and black for Judit and laughed at the contrast.

"I loved the gallery where you had on the black cover-up with your left nipple sticking through the dress!" Judit said to Immogen. "Yes, that was fun but it took a little work to stay still so it wouldn't slip!" Immogen responded,

They gathered up their bags, water bottles, and cameras and headed out to the sand. It was the hottest part of the afternoon and the beach was very crowded. No matter where they settled, they were going to be close to someone else. 

"Where do you want to go?" Immogen asked as they scanned the beach. 

"Oooh, look! There's a good spot!" Judit nodded at a cluster of four muscular, light-skinned guys sitting in a circle with a cooler in the middle.

"Judit! You are terrible. But I love it!" Immogen said. 'Let's go!"

Several of the men looked up as Immogen and Judit settled into their spots only about 10 feet away from them.

They spread out their towels, arranged their belongings, and pulled off their dresses.

Immogen got out her lotion and started to slowly apply it to her face, legs and arms. Judit did the same, much to the interest of the men a few feet away, who were now all spell bound by these two beautiful women with tiny bikinis. 

Immogen watched as Judit took extra time to apply lotion to her breasts and her stomach and above her bikini bottom. She turned over and glanced over at Immogen,

"Immogen, love, will you take care of my back?"

"Of course as I know you will return the favor!"

With all the men watching, Immogen straddled Judit and slowly rubbed lotion on her back and legs. She paid particular attention to the top of Judit's thighs, listening to Judit purr.

Immogen then laid down on her stomach next to Judit who returned the favor, showing no hesitation to massage in extra lotion on Immogen's bum, well exposed by the tiny thong strap.

"Joseph says you have the cutest little round bum," Judit whispered in Immogen's ear. "I think he's spot on."

They both turned back over on their backs and saw the men next to them were still staring intently. 

"Russian. I think they are all Russian men on holiday," Judit said. 

Immogen watched a small steam of sweat formed between Judit's breasts and slowly meandered down to pool in her belly button. Judit's eyes were closed but her fingers were strumming to a song on her iPod. Immogen could hear it was a techno dance beat. 

Immogen slowly looked over Judit's body. Judit's breasts were smaller than Immogen's but they were perfectly shaped. Her areola was much more of a traditional pink compared to Immogen's, which are noticeably darker. Judit's nipple piercings were clearly visible through the mesh suit, which was becoming more transparent as it grew damp from the sweat.

Immogen looked down the rest of Judit's body. The white mesh bottom also was growing damp from the accumulated sweat and the suntan lotion Judit had applied underneath. Her VCH silver loop was also visible. Immogen looked at her clit and pussy lips. They were also quite pink and full.

"You're looking at me aren't you," Judit said as she pulled out her ear buds, her eyes still closed. 

"Yes. How did you know?" Immogen said, startled and a bit embarrassed.

"I can feel your eyes going up and down my body. I like being watched. Are the men still looking at us?"

"Yes, they are all staring quite intently," Immogen said.

"I get really turned on when I know men are watching me," Judit said, her eyes staying closed. "Joseph said he can tell when I see someone watching me in the background when he is taking my picture. I get noticeably more animated."

Immogen reached over and grabbed the camera out of her bag. She took off the lens cap and started snapping a few pictures of Judit, the Hungrarian goddess laid out in front of her. Judit smiled as Immogen moved around her to shoot her from her head down, then moved to her feet to shoot her from her feet up. Judit spread her legs a bit so Immogen could shoot directly at her slit. 

"I am very turned on right now, as you can tell," Judit said. "I don't know if I can keep from touching myself. Do you think the men would mind?´ she asked Immogen. "Would you mind?".

"No one will mind and nobody but me and the men can see you," Immogen replied, squeezing off another shot. "That will be very hot."

Her eyes still tightly closed, Judit began to slowly run her left hand over her right breast on the outside of the thin suit. Her nipple became noticeably larger and poked against the fabric. Immogen continued to take photos, glancing over her shoulder at the men, all clearly staring.

Judit took her right hand and dipped it directly under her suit bottom to find her clit, then circled it lightly with her index finger.

"Oh God that feels good," Judit said as she arched her back up a bit. "I have been so turned on all day!"

Immogen watched and slowly moved around to take photos from different angles as Judit continued to massage her clit and nipple. She moved to one side so the men could get clearer view. She could see that two of the men had pulled their cocks out the side of their swimsuits and were stroking them slowly, not caring who could see them. Immogen took a few pictures of that and the men smiled.

Judit had her entire hand inside her bottoms now and was inserting her fingers inside her pussy and working over her clit. Her breathing was very heavy and the moaning increased.

No one said anything for several minutes. They all just watched Judit expertly build herself to a peak.

"Immogen, take a picture of me cumming," Judit panted as she bit her lip.

She took pictures down Judit's stomach as Judit held up the front of her suit with her left hand to allow more access for her right. Without moving the camera, Immogen looked up and saw that one of the men had cum on his own leg. Another had taken out his own camera and was zooming in on Judit's pussy.

"They are watching you Judit. They are taking pictures of you too," Immogen whispered in her ear. "They want you to cum right in front of them! I want you to cum right in front of me!"

Judit arched her back even more and started to move her finger on her clit feverishly. Immogen watched as her friend started exhaling short bursts of air as the feeling inside her spilled out. Immogen snapped more photos as Judit's hand pressed against her pussy lips, squeezing her clit as she continue to cum. She looked up and saw that another of the men had cum while stroking his cock. The other still took pictures and the fourth was watching with his mouth open.

Judit continued to pant for shiver, stretching out her orgasm. Finally, after a full two minutes, Judit slowly took her hand out of her bikini bottom and settled back to the towel. She never opened her eyes the entire time. 

Immogen moved back down to her feet and took a photograph look up toward Judit's pussy, now completely soaking through the mesh. 

"You have such a beautiful pussy, Judit," Immogen said. Hearing this, Judit smiled and reached down to move her suit off to the side, exposing herself completely to Immogen's camera.

"So very beautiful," Immogen said again as she took another round of photos.

After several more minutes of the only sound being the shutter and auto zoom, Judit finally sat up on her arms and smiled at Immogen then the men on their towels no more than a dozen feet away.

"I know it's naughty, but I really like to be watched when I do that," Judit said. I've always liked to be watched, even as a teenage girl behind the house with a local boy. Sometimes when I am alone at home and Joseph has been gone for a few days, I will set up the video camera and tripod to film myself while I masturbate. Joseph then likes to watch the video when I am gone, busy, or too tired for sex. I know he masturbates while he watches me. That makes it even better for me the next time." Judit said.

"Rob and I can learn a lot from you two," Immogen laughed. "He likes to watch me too but I have never videotaped myself and I have never done it in front of an audience like this. But I think after watching you, I will be ready to try it soon!"

They both giggled and reached for their water bottles. Judit poured some cool water down her front, washing away some of the sweat and creating a pool of clean water in her belly button. Immogen watched as Judit dripped cool water over her nipples and then over her pussy lips. Judit did like to put on a show. 

"Is it OK if I show these pictures to Rob?" Immogen finally asked as Judit dribbled some more water down her stomach.

"Of course," Judit replied. "You can use them any way you like. For Rob...for yourself...for both of you together..." Judit smiled.

Immogen sat back and noticed that, though the time passed by quickly, Judit had entertained her and the men for more than an hour. Yes, it was going to be quite a week, she thought to herself, feeling her own moisture between her legs.

