Rising Stakes Ch. 00
by Sanialus

Renee's and her daughter Sarah had an interesting relationship. They constantly tried to pull pranks on each other, usually involving exposing their bodies to others. It had all started a year ago, during Sarah's eighteenth birthday party.

At this party, Renee decided to allow a little alcohol. She would be there to make sure none of them got hurt, and everyone was eighteen or older. 

Being college kids or seniors, this was a horny bunch of guests. In the past, Renee had always felt uncomfortable around them, due to their all to blatant stares at her massive tits. This time, however, she was a little less inhibited, having downed a bottle or two of beer. Boys had been leering openly at her low-cut top the whole night, and she was adoring their attention.

However, she eventually grew tired of the noise, and needed a break. Grabbing a drink, she went upstairs into her master bathroom for a relaxing soak. She ran the water, getting it steaming before she laid down and enjoyed the warm, placid bath. She soon drifted into sleep.

When she awoke, the music was gone. She didn't, in fact, hear any noise at all. Figuring everyone had gone home, she pulled on a towel and went downstairs to look (she often slept in the buff, and didn't want to take off her clothes for just this). She didn't see anybody downstairs, but decided to check her daughter's room. Opening the door, she saw the Sarah was sleeping peacefully. Satisfied that no one remained, she tossed the towel across the room into Sarah's hamper, and walked back into her room. She fell into sleep quickly.

Sarah awoke to her door creaking open. Peeking one eye open, she watched her mom detowel and toss it across the room, and walk off to her room in the nude. Knowing of her mother's habit of sleeping without clothes, she had an evil idea. Little did her mother know, Sarah's boyfriend Jack was sleeping in the guest room. She figured that Jack wouldn't mind seeing Renee's stunning body naked, and that Renee's reaction would be funny as hell. Tiptoeing into Jack's room, she quietly woke him and told him to follow her quietly. Walking into her mom's room, her plan went as expected; Renee's nude beauty was laid bare in the moonlight. As Jack sat there staring, stunned, Sarah whispered, "Wanna touch her? She's an ultra heavy sleeper..."

As Jack silently moved over to Renee, Sarah silently stepped out of the room, and held the knob tight. Her mom was actually a very light sleep; she was surprised Renee hadn't woken when they walked in. Secondly, it being a hot summer night, there weren't even any sheets on the bed to cover up with.

Renee awoke with a start to feel two hands roughly groping her large breasts. The owner of these hands was straddling her, on the bed. With a shriek, Renee pushed him off, and grabbed about for a to blanket or something. Not finding one, she rushed towards the door; to get to her closet or bathroom, she would have to get by her unknown assailant, who was now on his feet, recovered. Trying to open the door, it was jammed! Trying to find sanctuary, she jumped on to the bed and raced past rhe man, into her bathroom. Inside, she locked the door and sat down to consider what to do next. She settled on grabbing a knife to defend herself with. As she cautiously reopened the door, she discovered her room empty once more. She guardedly checked her on her daughter, who was still (apparently) sleeping soundly; searching the rest of the house, she found nothing broken into and no one; she returned to her room, locking the door, and slept the rest of the night soundly, with the knife on her bedside table.

The next morning, after dressing and walking downstairs, Renee discovered Sarah and Jack earing cereal at the table: Jack blushed, and muttered, "Gee, I'm sorry about last night, Ms. B... I must have drunk more than I thought I did..."

Quickly putting two and two together, Renee blushed furiously. She then laughed, seeing the situation in a different light,. The kid hadn't meant anything by it, and she had been ready to stab him and call the police! 

It wasn't until the next day that she wondered until why the door handle had caught, or why he was in her room in the first place. She realized Sarah, ever mischievous, must have had a hand it it. When confronted, Sarah admitted her guilt. Two can play at that game... Renee thought as she pondered her revenge.

A few weeks later, while Renee and Sarah were out shopping, the chance for revenge presented itself. 

The two were in one stall, and Sarah was trying on clothes. While she was in between outfits, Renee declared, "I need to hit the bathroom... " and threw the changing room door wide open. 

An older couple was just passing by: the man admired Sarah's perky boobs, while the wife shot her a dirty look. Sarah, shocked, quickly pulled the door closed. Renee, however, returned seconds later, saying, "Eh, the line was a little long..." 

This time, two boys were waiting outside, and their eyes grew as wide as dinner plates as Sarah's naked body was revealed again. Yanking the door shut again, Sarah glared at her mother, who shot back, "Haha! A taste of your own medicine, Sarah? Bitter, ain't it?" 

Sarah couldn't help but grin at this cheery line; they both burst into giggles.


Rising Stakes Ch. 01

As Renee awoke to the sunlight streaming in her window, she idly stretched, wondering why she had slept in the nude. With a start, she realized that she had not lain down this way last night; Ah well, must be one of Sara's pranks, she thought. As she was home alone this morning, or so she thought, she decided to wander downstairs to find some clothes fresh from the dryer.

As she passed a large mirror on the landing, she considered her body. She always thought her 40F breasts were too large for her frame. Her shoulder length, wavy blond hair was possibly her favorite attribute. However, her neatly trimmed pussy and curvy butt put up a good fight for the title.

Once she arrived downstairs, she decided to abandon her search for clothes; the warm sunlight felt too good on her naked flesh. Throwing an apron over her breasts, she began making breakfast. As this particular apron was quite large, it covered her substantial bust adequately; it was her favorite apron.

Sarah was out to a soccer game, and Renee did not expect her back until well past noon. Therefore, she was quite surprised when the front door opened and Sarah's voice shouted, "Mom! I'm home!" Renee quickly turned around, before Sarah could get a look at her state of undress. To her dismay, Sarah had apparently brought her boyfriend over as well. Looking down, Renee made sure she was covered; unless she turned sideways, it was not apparent that she was wearing anything less than short shorts and a tank top. " Hello, Ms. B! Nice morning, isn't it?" Sarah's boyfriend, Jack, said. 

"Er, yes, it is. Would you like something to eat?" Renee replied. 

By this time, Sarah had maneuvered behind her, and could plainly see why Renee was standing so solidly towards Jack. Snickering, Sarah asked, "Hey mom, can you get us down some plates? I'm wiped." Blushing, she replied, "Can you get them? I just remembered something I had to do upstairs..."

Without waiting for a response, she circled around Jake and backed towards the stairs. Quickly turning, she dashed up. Below, she heard the two teens chuckling at her, as Sarah explained her mother's predicament.

She dropped the grease-spattered apron to the floor of her room and walked into the closet. However, once there, she realized that most of her everyday clothes were in the dryer; all she had was a far-too-skimpy bikini, a thong, and a lacy demi-bra. A quick dash into Sarah's room turned out slightly better results: a small t-shirts and a pair of jeans. Pulling on her thong and her daughter's jeans, she realized she'd barely fit into the shirt. Sure enough, it barely covered her large boobs, leaving the bottom of her melons exposed. They would stay covered, but it was a ridiculously inappropriate outfit. 

Heaving a sigh, she returned downstairs to Jack's ogling eyes. As she walked downstairs, both teens peered up from the foot of the stairs, up her shirt. Blushing, she peered back at her troublesome daughter. Sarah was the spitting image of her mother; large, 32DD sat atop her lithe figure. Her toned butt and thighs were the envy of all; her shoulder length brown hair cascaded down her neck. 

As she reached the bottom of the stairs, Renee heard the doorbell ring. She realized that she had scheduled a plumber to come today and fix their sink (it had been leaking for months). Wishing now that she had thought to wash her clothes, she reluctantly opened the door. The plumber, a mid-40s, clean cut man, took in her outfit with a glance , and walked inside. Renee heard Sarah and Jack whispering behind her, no doubt plotting something fiendish.

A few hours later, the plumber was finishing up; feeling hungry, Renee offered to make lunch for all four of them. "I'll grab the drinks," Sarah said. 

Bustling over to the fridge, she pulled out the orange juice. She then grabbed a few glasses and began pouring everyone's drinks. However, while setting the last full-to-the-brim glass down, she 'accidentally' spilled it, all over her mother's skimpy top."Oh, shoot! I spilled your drink all over my mom's huge tits, Mr. Plumber! See? How clumsy of me!" Sarah exclaimed.

With this, she quickly grabbed a hand towel and began drying her mom's shirt, simultaneously mauling her boobs. "Jack, this job is too big to fondl- er, handle on my own. Would you grab that towel and help out? " Sarah asked.

"Sarah! Stop that this instant! And Jack may most certainly not help you feel me up!" Renee interdicted.

"But mooom! This was one of my favorite shirts! It'll be ruined! And your jugs are pretty huge, I definitely need some help drying them." Sarah shot back.

By this time, Jack had arrived and started groping Renee's massive boobs as well. Focusing particularly in the nipple area, he had her nipples poking through the thin fabric in no time. 

Meanwhile, the plumber had given up all pretense of working, and was just watching the two teens massage and rub Renee's ample boobs. Renee sighed at this preposterous situation her daughter had wrought. 

However, Sarah wasn't done yet. "Mom! You're not wearing a bra!" Sarah exclaimed as she lifted her mom's top over her boobs, revealing them in all their glory. "See, Mr. Plumber? Now her gigantic boobs are all wet too!"

With this, the two teens really went to town on her barely-damp boobs. Renee moaned in response to this vigorous attention. Snap out of it, she thought to herself. "My breasts are quite dry now, thanks," she said sarcastically as she yanked her shirt back down. 

"Let's do it again sometime!" her daughter shouted up the stairs after Renee as she rushed into her room. Having no other options, she pulled on the bikini top; it was, to her dismay, barely more than two small triangles of fabric. Most of her areolas were quite uncovered by the probably centimeter square cloth. However, she was not about to wear her demi-bra, as it afforded no coverage whatsoever. Returning downstairs with a sigh, she did not even try to cover her massive boobs. 

While waiting for the plumber to finish, she decided to put a load of laundry in. Once downstairs, she remembered she had a few clean clothes down here. Squeezing out of her daughter's jeans, she threw those into the wash as well. As she stood picking which pair of pants to wear, she heard her daughter at the top of the stairs saying, "Done? My mom's right down here, go on down." The man hurried quickly downstairs, followed by Jack and Sarah, only to discover Renee in a micro-thong and bikini top. Sarah and Jack quickly moved to stand right in front of the clothes clothes basket, while the plumber stood there admiring her near-naked form. "That'll be $300, please."

"I... I think my checkbook is upstairs.." she stammered.

Knowing that her daughter could not be persuaded to move and let her dress, , Renee began up the stairs. This treated her rapt audience of three with an excellent view of her shapely posterior. "I'll wait here, mom, maybe finish the load of laundry." Sarah said as Renee walked up the stairs. 

As she stood there in her thong and bikini top, she blushed, quickly writing the check. "You need anything else done, ma'am?" the plumber asked, "I'd be happy to stay, put my tool -- tools, pardon me, to good use, if you have need."

"NO!" Renee cried as she pushed him out the open door.

Returning downstairs, she pushed past her daughter, and finally donned her own clothes; Jack and Sarah got one last look at her heavenly tits before she put on a bra and a shirt that fit.


Rising Stakes Ch. 02

Renee had to wait a month for the perfect opportunity to one-up her daughter for exposing her to the plumber. Sarah had company coming over, so they had ordered a pizza for dinner. She decided to freshen up before her friends arrived, and took a quick shower. As Renee watched the pizzaman pulling into the driveway, Sarah pulled on a towel and wen to answer the door, thinking ir was one of her friends. Renee dove into action just as Sarah opened the door; from the stairs, she shouted, "Sarah! Do you have a towel? I wanna take a shower..."

With this she swooped down the stairs. "Oh, you do! Good!" Renee exclaimed as she pulled the towel off her daughter, leaving her naked in front of the man. 

Trying and failing to cover her above-average breasts and pussy at the same time, Sarah blushed and said, "Mooooom! Give that back!"

Renee returned, "Oh, you're naked, aren't you? And with this strange man here peering at you, too! But I really want to take a shower... what do you think, Mr. Pizzaman? Should I give her towel back?"

Blushing, he replied, "It... er... um... would be the moral thing to do, ma'am..."

Dissatisfied with this answer, Renee replied, "You mean you don't to see more of this beautiful pussy? Or these great boobs? Well, maybe I can change your mind..."

With this, Renee dropped the towel on the floor and moved up right behind Sarah, boobs pressing into her daughters back. She reached around Sarah's body and put a finger on each nipple. She slowly started massaging, and moving her fingers in tiny circles. Sarah moaned in pleasure at this uncommon ly excellent sensation."Hear that. Delivery guy? Do you think such a naughty girl should get her towel back?"

"Uhh.. Perhaps not..." he timidly replied.

"I think she needs some discipline!"

With this, she stat down on a nearby chair, and pulled Sarah over her knee. With a devilish grin in her eye, she lightly spanked Sarah's ass. She lingered a little, letting the girl's dangling boobs jiggle while she massaged and groped her daughter's ample butt. After a few minutes, she let up, declaring, "Alright, Sarah, that's enough punishment. I have a shower to take, would you pay for the pizza? Teehee!" She raced up the stairs, towel in hand.

Sarah, still nude and blushing furiously, grabbed her wallet and paid. She virtually threw the man out the door. She stalked back upstairs and got dressed.

Soon, her friends arrived. She had three guy friends and two girls coming, all seniors from her high school. She greeted them at the door, and they sat down to eat. However, while they ate and chatted amiably, Renee hatched a plan...

Renee came downstairs, and greeted the six seniors. She made herself a cup of tea, and went over to get the honey. As she returned, however, she deliberately tripped on a chair, and dropped the now-lidless honey jar onto Sarah. "Mom! Now I need ANOTHER shower! Thanks a lot!"

She angrily went upstairs, and Renee heard the water turn on in a minute. Renee, whose plan was unfolding well, asked the boys, "Can I see you three for a minute upstairs?"

The three followed her up, into Sarah's room. She said, "Well, Sarah will come out of the shower in about 10 more minutes, and come in here for new clothes. You three can, if you want, hide in the closet, and watch her in the nude!"

The boys, being male teenagers, agreed quickly, and stuffed into the dark closet. Renee then left the room, and went into the bathroom, where Sarah was showering. As the daughter's back was to the door, she did not notice her mother come in. Renee silently took off her clothes, and stepped into the shower behind her. She whispered, "I'm sorry I spilled my honey on you."

"You're still not forgiven."

"I do have something to warn you about, though. I saw the three boys go into your room; they're probably planning something. You might not want to change in there."

Sarah glanced back. "Somewhat forgiven. Thanks."

At this, Renee exited the shower, and toweled off. However, once she dressed, she took the towel with her. 

Ten minutes later, she heard a cry as her daughter had discovered what she had done.

Sarah stood there in the buff wondering what to do. Her mother had taken the only towel, leaving her stranded in the bathroom. She didn't want to put her clothes back on, as she'd get all sticky again, which would defeat the purpose of the shower. Thinking it over, she decided to make a run for her mother's room, down the hall, as the three men were in hers. Peeking out and seeing no one, she raced down the hall to her mom's room, only to discover that it was locked!

She hurried back to the safety of her bathroom only to discover that her mom had locked it when she left, and that it had swung shut and locked when Sarah left. 

Sarah was now trapped. She could either head into her room, fully nude in front of three male classmates, or go downstairs and check the laundry room for some clothes. She elected to do the latter, even though that meant passing by the kitchen, in plain view of her other two friends. 

She boldly ran down, pelting past the kitchen. They couldn't have gotten anything but a glancing view of her ass as she ran. However, once she got downstairs, it was quite devoid of any clothes at all. She was going to have to go into her room.

She stalked back up, dashing past the kitchen again. She heard her mother say as she passed, "Oh that Sarah, such an exhibitionist, always running around naked. She does this quite a lot, you know. Why, just this morning, she was exposing herself to the pizza guy! I had to spank her to try to get her to behave herself."

Sarah was mortified to hear this ridiculously biased spin on the morning, but wasn't about to go back and argue. She didn't want let any more people than she had to see her nude today. 

With trepidation, she walked into her room, covering her boobs and pussy with her hands. However, once inside, she didn't see anyone! Sighing, she dropped her arms, figuring it was just her mother's ploy to get her to streak past the kitchen in front of her friends. She began poking through her drawers, deciding what to wear, when she heard the door open. Squealing, she whipped around, but it was just her mother coming in. Renee peered around, and said, "Oh, I guess they weren't in here after all. Haha!"

Sarah and her mother made small talk as Sarah dressed, and left the room. A few minutes later, the three boys came down to the kitchen, and sat down. They were leering at Sarah through the rest of the meal. 

They finished soon. Sarah had rented a movie, Zombie Strippers, and they went to the living room to watch it. Renee decided to watch, and sat down next to Sarah. As it was fairly cold, they pulled a blanket over them, while the boys sat on the floor with the other two girls. Hidden from prying eyes, Renee slipped her hands under Sarah's shirt. Sarah immediately blushed, and tried to stop her mom, but didn't want to disturb the blanket that was keeping the others from seeing. Renee undid the clasp on her daughter's bra, and tossed it behind the couch. She then had her hands on Sarah's uncovered nipples, which she began to twist and pinch. Soon, they were rock hard, and poked out distinctly from the thin shirt. Renee said, "I'm gonna grab a drink, anyone want anything?"

A chorus of sures and oks sounded as she got up. However, she took the blanket with her as she left, so that Sarah was without any cover, and her perky nipples were kept hard by the cool room. When Renee returned, the boys glanced back to get their drinks, and saw Sarah's condition. They didn't look back to the movie until Sarah grabbed the blanket and covered up again.

Renee sat back down behind her daughter, so that Sarah was between her legs. From here, she had great access to her daughter's boobs. She played with them the whole time, while her daughter seethed. Renee eventually got her daughter's shirt above her tits, and kept it there through the rest of the movie. During the credits, she yanked the blanket off, while playing with Sarah's boobs. The boys got a great view until Sarah struggled free and pulled her shirt down, glaring at her mom. 

Soon, one of the girls got a call on her phone. She said, "Crap, I have to go. My mom found out about the... Never mind, I just have to go home."

She left in a hurry, and the other girl and one of the boys left with her, as they had no other ride home. This just left the two boys, who were brothers. 

They decided to get ready to sleep, even though it was only 11:30. The pair had brought sleeping bags, and brought them into Sarah's room, where she laid down on her bed. 

Renee eventually heard them stop chatting and fall asleep. She snuck into Sarah's room, and padded over to the bed. Pulling out a pair of scissors, she sliced Sarah's pajamas off, and took them with her. She also grabbed all of Sarah's clothes out of her dresser, except for a red thong and a t-shirt. She then snuck out, leaving Sarah naked with the sleeping boys without waking her. 

The next morning, Sarah woke up, feeling somewhat cold. She looked around, realizing that she was naked! Luckily, the boys were still sleeping. Her mother must have done it in the night. She quietly walked over to her dresser, only to find it nearly empty; all that remained was a thong and a t-shirt she hadn't worn in years. Seeing no other options, she pulled the garments on. Just as she was struggling to get the top over her now-much-larger breasts, Renee walked in and near-shouted, "Breakfast is ready! Wake up, sleepyheads!"

The boys groggily got up, and looked around, to be greeted by a view of Sarah in her ridiculous outfit. The thong all but disappeared in the back, giving them a perfect view of her ass. The shirt was preposterously small, from a time when her boobs were less than half as large, and it didn't even cover her nipples. Glaring at her mom, she ducked out, dashing into Renee's room.

There, she poked through her mom's clothes, hoping to find something appropriate. However, she couldn't find much except for a large t-shirt. She removed her current clothes, and put this shirt on instead. It was quite large, and came down to her mid-thighs, and was much more decent than what she was wearing. 

She came downstairs, where Renee and the two boys were eating breakfast. She poured herself some cereal, and sat down to eat it. However, her mother, while putting her dish in the sink, came up behind her, and yanked her shirt up over her boobs. The boys got a quick view of Sarah's luscious tits before she pulled it back down. Renee kept this throughout the morning, and the boys got numerous beaver shots. At one point she sneakily taped the back up over her ass; Sarah didn't notice for about an hour that her rear was nude and that the pair were getting a great view. Another time, while Sarah was laying on the couch, her mother pulled her shirt up over her pussy. She stayed there, unknowingly flashing the boys, for nearly half and hour. 

Eventually, the two went home. Sarah was quite furious at her mother, and began plotting her counter-ploy...


Rising Stakes Ch. 03

Sarah had to wait a month for her revenge. However, it was sweet, and served quite cold. She and her friends had been working on a haunted house for a few months, figuring to charge admission and make some good money. They had gone all out, and used a mansion full of ghosts and creepy crawlies to scare people. Sarah, hatching her plan on Halloween, not long before sundown, asked if her mom wanted to see their handiwork. Taking an interest in her daughter, Renee readily agreed.

Showing up at about 11 pm, the house was packed. Seeing her daughter at the front desk, she asked, "Here I am! What now?"

Her daughter replied, "Head on in, I don't think you'll need a group to stick with. The route is pretty well marked."

Renee timidly walked inside. The space was quite dark, gloomy, and scary, although there were indeed clear signs directing her. She nearly jumped out of her skin when an animatronic ghost swooped down from above wailing. After walking for a few minutes, Soon, she came upon a fork in the road. Opting to take the less scary path, she walked into a pretty bland passage. As she walked through the door it swung shut behind her and clicked. Checking, she quickly determined that it was locked. Rattled now, she advanced down the hallway, towards a door at the end. Just then, the lights cut out.

Squealing, she broke into a run. However, the lights flickered on for an instant, and she saw a group of ghosts, or men in ghost outfits, advancing down the hallway. Out of her wits, she turned around and ran back, only to remember that the only exit was locked. Renee yelped as moans echoed down the corridor.

In a few moments, the ghosts had reached her. She felt their hands grope around in the dark. They soon converged on her, and had her surrounded. To her surprise, one reached out and set his hand on her breast; another quickly followed. Taken aback, she tried to keep the grasping hands off of her, but more quickly replaced them. A pair audaciously managed to pull her shirt off, while another unclasped her bra. These ghosts now had unfettered access to her gargantuan boobs. As one tried to stick his hand down her panties, Renee shrieked, and tried to break out of this group of lecherous poltergeists. However, she tripped on someone's foot, and fill to the floor. They quickly dragged the downed Renee's pants and panties off. She managed to get up again, and made another break for the exit, this time making it out (although not before someone got a hand on her butt).

Making it out the door, she paused for a second to catch her breath. Weighing her options, she could try to follow the path; however, many people would see her naked body in this more well lit zone, and the people stationed around to scare people certainly would. She decided to take her chances and take the next unmarked exit; having done so, she quickly got lost. The off limits areas were all pitch black, and had many twists and turns. 

Soon, however, she got a glimpse of her position, although not welcomely. She opened a random door, totally lost, only to see a group of about ten college kids in the room. Turning quickly, they were very much surprised to see this beautiful woman standing there in the buff. Yelping, Renee quickly shut the door, and fled back into the maze of lightless rooms. She could hear the group opening the door behind her, and, chattering excitedly, fanning out into the rooms. Well that's just great, now I have even more people to avoid in here! she thought.

However, she soon found a stairway going up. Reasoning that she might be able to find a window and get her bearings, and also that there might be less people upstairs, she headed up. After a few minutes of wandering, she found her window. Now that she knew where she was, she could easily find the exit. After retracing her steps to the stairs and descending, she began to head towards the back of the house. Poking around the rear wall, she could find only one exit, the one the groups were going out.

Not seeing any other options, she decided to try it. She padded quietly up behind a bunch of people as they walked down an extremely thin, narrow hallway leading to the exit. There was hardly any room to turn around so she hoped she wouldn't get caught. However, caught she was.

Another person quietly walked up behind her, snickering, and reached around to pinch Renee's nipples. Whispering softly in her mom's ear, Sarah said, "Naughty, naughty, mom... I think you need some discipline!"

As she said this, Sarah loudly spanked her mom on the ass, sending a resounding slap echoing down the hall. The man in front of them turned around at this, and, not one to pass up an opportunity, quickly grabbed hold of Renee's lustrous tits and began squeezing and rubbing. Grinning evilly, Sarah faded back past the group, leaving Renee to the man. 

Renee, just wanting to get out before a second group came up from behind, ans seeing the guy's obvious hardness in his pants, whispered, "If you can get me out of here, I'll let you get in here", motioning downward. Widening his eyes, he quickly complied, pulling her along outside. 

Thankfully, business had slowed down by now, and no one else was in sight. Renee kicked him in the shins and dashed to her car. She got home without any more incidents.


Rising Stakes Ch. 04

A month had gone by since the haunted house incident, and Renee had almost forgiven her daughter. However, she still wanted to get back at her. To that end, she suggested a visit to the pool that day.

Renee decided to draw out her daughter's embarrassment throughout the day, and began when they arrived. Quickly walking over to the mens' locker room door, she held it open so that Sarah couldn't see the sign. As Sarah walked in, Renee said, "I'll be in in a second, let me pay first" as she walked to the college-age kid at the counter.

Walking inside, Sarah thought that this was going to be a great day at the pool. As she walked inside the locker room, she quickly put down her bag, stripping off her shirt and bra to reveal her wonderful tits. It sure isn't busy today, she thought as she removed her jeans and panties. Walking to the showers, she heard one on. Well, at least we're not totally alone... However, she walked in and saw an old man showering! Squealing as he turned around, she ran back to her bags, treating the man to a nice view of her ass. Grabbing her bag and clothes, she rushed outside, straight into the view of the man at the counter.

I'll bet she planned this whole thing... Sarah thought as she tried to cover herself to no avail, and rushed into the women's room this time. Renee, giggling, walked in after her, and changed as well. She had brought a one-piece red bikini, that was fairly conservative. Sarah had her quite out-sexed, as she had borrowed her mom's bikini top, that barely covered anything. She brought her own thong bottom, that had strings similar to fishing line, and were completely invisible; it was essentially a small triangle to cover her pussy. Damn, I wish I had worn something different. This played right into my mom's plot, Sarah thought. 

Once they got outside, they saw that there were quite a few people there that day. Not yet feeling up to getting in the crowded pool, Sarah headed over to one of the pool chairs; she laid down on the long chair. It was made of a steel frame with rubber strips running across to form the actual chair (a normal pool chair, around there). Deciding to lay out and tan for a while, she asked her mom to put sunscreen on her back.

By this time, the pair had attracted quite a crowd to the nearby chairs; people wanted to get a good look at the knockout mother and daughter. Renee decided to play off this, to her daughter's embarrassment. After doing her back and legs, she began rubbing sunscreen into her daughter Sarah's lovely toned buns. She very intentionally poured on much more than was necessary, and spent probably ten minutes sensually massaging her posterior to get it all in. Everyone was watching raptly, and a few of the men were sporting obvious hard-ons. She eventually finished, and let her daughter alone. Laying down on her own chair (Renee had put on her own sunscreen in the locker room), she pulled out a novel and began reading.

An hour later, at about noon, she heard light snores from Sarah. Getting up, she walked over to her daughter. Once there, she cautiously untied her daughter's thong (not that you could see it anyways), along with her top. By tucking the strings under Sarah's body, she made it look like she wasn't wearing anything at all. 

Soon enough, a life guard wandered over, and asked Renee, "ma'am, is this your daughter? Nudity is not allowed at the pool. Could you please wake her up?"

Sure thing," Renee replied, and walked over to Sarah's sleeping form. She tried whispering, "Sarah... Sarah..." with increasing volume, but her daughter was a heavy sleeper. She then grabbed her shoulder, and tried shaking her, but it wasn't waking her up. Her last resort, Renee said to the lifeguard, "She's a bit hard to wake sometimes... would you mind helping?"

"Not at all. What would you like me to do?"

"Just grab a firm hold of her butt, squeeze a little. That usually gets her up."

Indeed, to the foreign touch on her ass, Sarah shot awake. "Madam, clothes must be worn at all times within the pool area."

Annoyed, Sarah sat up and said, "I know that, I'm wearing my bikini."

She, however, was not. When she sat up, her untied bikini had stayed on the chair, leaving her auburn-haired pussy and perky boobs exposed to everyone around. With an "Eep!" followed by a muttered "sorry," she quickly put back on her bikini, and glared at her mother. After the lifeguard wandered off, Renee said, "Lets hop in the pool! After all, that's what we came here for, right?"

Not willing to take no for an answer, Renee dragged her daughter to the pool, and pushed her into the crowded waters. Hopping in after her, the fun began. As you could barely move without running into someone, people were constantly unintentionally (and some probably very intentionally) brushing into Sarah's and Renee's boobs and butt. Renee, however, being much more conservatively clothed in her one piece, received much less attention that her daughter, although she still got a lot.

Wanting to put the rest of her plan into action, Renee looked for a pair of men. Finding two reasonably sexy college kids, she slowly maneuvered towards them, with Sarah behind her. Renee 'accidental' mashed her large breasts into one of their backs, which quite got their attention. They started chatting, and the two introduced themselves as Jim and Kyle. The two men didn't for a second take their eyes of the women's assets; this was exactly the sort of pair Renee wanted. She posed a game of chicken to them, Her and Jim versus Sarah and Kyle. In water chicken, each person sits on their partners' shoulders, and tries to knock the opposing person off into the water. The two agreed, and, although Sarah was reluctant, she eventually did as well. Sarah and Renee each hopped on to their partners shoulders, and squared off. 

Rushing ahead, they grappled in the middle. Sarah nearly pushed her mother into the water, but she managed to stay on. Making a second pass, Renee grabbed at Sarah's bikini top with one hand, and knocked her into the water with her other. The top ripped, and they were all treated to a great view of Sarah's exposed tits while she pulled it back in place. Sarah blushed deeply as the 'accidental' bumps into her ramped up notably. However, even having to hold her top up, she eventually unwound and joined the conversation. "Doesn't she just have the nicest breasts? They're 32 double D's, you know." her mother said proudly. 

Sarah went back to blushing, and only stopped once the conversation got off the subject of her beautiful boobs. 

Sarah yelped as a particularly adventurous person pinched her ass, turning around to glare at the offender. When she had turned back around, Renee said, "Sarah! Let's have an underwater handstand contest! You can go first!"

Again reluctant, Sarah initially refused, but soon consented at the egging on of the two boys. Flipping over, She dived under and stuck her legs up into the air,. As they were in the shallower end, the water left her butt exposed too. Renee reached out and grabbed her thong, quickly pulling it over her now struggling legs,. She tossed as far as she could, far across the pool. Giggling as her daughter came up, she said, "I'm sorry, haha, I'm sorry. You were too tempting!"

Luckily, the crush of people blocked the life guards from seeing that she was bottomless. Not so luckily, she was now bottomless! People were now constantly brushing up against her. The two men had very clear boners, even from where she was standing. Her mother looked smugly at her predicament, and said, "Alright, I think I've had enough for now. Let's catch a few rays, Sarah!" as she climbed out of the water. Not really wanting to stay in the water, which was full of grasping hands, she clutched her top to her breasts and made a dash for the chair with her stuff, just five feet away. Even so, she was sure she treated a few of the surrounding people to a great beaver shot. Diving down onto the chair, she pulled a towel over herself, and turned over underneath it. The two boys had gotten out with them and brought their things over, and sat on the foot of Sarah's chair. 

"Alright, move that towel while I give you some sunscreen!" Renee exclaimed as she reached out and grabbed the towel, tossing it aside. Straddling her daughter's stomach while she poured sunscreen on her chest, she said loudly, "My, my, Sarah. Not wearing any panties at all? What would the lifeguards think of that? Your pretty pussy is TOTALLY EXPOSED for EVERYONE to see!" she nearly shouted this last part, mostly for the benefit of the rising crowd around them. These people, however, blocked the view of the lifeguard, who was across the pool. Mortified, Sarah hissed, "Mom! Get off me so I can pull the towel up! Now!"

Renee just smiled evilly, and pushed her top over her boobs and began rubbing in sunscreen. She once more put on far too much, and wouldn't let her daughter put her top back on until she was done. She was finally finished, and, amid boos from the crowd, let hrer daughter pull her towel back over herself and cover her naked pussy. The girls waited around this way for an hour, one tanning and one hiding, while the two men tried to sneak peaks under the towel,. Eventually, it was time to go. Renee stood up and announced this as she whipped Sarah's towel off of her and quickly into her bag. Mortified once more, Sarah tried to cover up, but the attentive life guard had seen her bottomless state. While Renee packed up the suntan lotions, he walked over and again said, "Ma'am, you are still not allowed to be nude here. I'm going to have to escort you out."

With this he grabbed hold of her hands, and held them behind her back. This left no support for her broken bikini top, which quickly slipped off as they pushed through the dense crowd towards the locker room. Sarah was exposed to almost everyone wt the pool as they left. Finally, burning with shame, Sarah reached the locker room, and got her clothes out from their locker, and dressed once more. She was shooting her mother dirty looks for days.
