Summary: After consummating their love and lust, Carly and Stephen are
interrupted by a knock at the door of their hotel suite. They have an
extended with the shocked visitor.

Adults Only

laurenmom@writeme.com

Story: Carly Mom XII by LaurenMom (MFF, no sex) (March 2008)

Carly watched as Stephen left the bedroom to see who was at the door
of the hotel suite. She wasn't used to feeling vulnerable, but since
she came here to meet her son wearing only her trench coat and high
heels, she was now left in the bedroom with only the bed coverings to
conceal her nudity. She heard Stephen answer the door from the living
room.

"What are you doing here?" Stephen said. "How did you know where I
was?"

 From the bedroom, Carly thought it could be either her husband and
Stephen's father Paul, or Stephen's wife Paige. Neither would be
anyone they would want showing up at their hotel suite at this time,
but Carly thought she would rather it be Paul. No such luck.

"I called Sharon," Paige said to her husband, referring to Stephen's
secretary Sharon. Paige seemed to Stephen to be on edge. "But what
exactly are you doing here in this hotel?"

"I told you on the phone, Paige," Stephen replied. "I needed some time
alone."

"Sharon booked the room for you," Paige said. "She told me. She said
you asked her to make the reservation around lunchtime today. I didn't
talk to your mom until much later. How did you know you needed time
alone until after you found out what was going on with me?"

"Oh," Stephen said, "You mean before I found out that you've been
sleeping with someone else? And if that's not enough, that you're
pregnant?" Stephen now knew the identity of the father, but he decided
to keep that detail to himself for the moment. "And it's certainly not
mine, because you haven't let me near you for months." Paige paused to
collect her thoughts, knowing that what her husband had said was
completely true.

Carly sat in the bed just one room away. All she could do was listen.
Not only did she not have any clothes, but she certainly didn't want
Paige to know that she and Stephen were in the suite together, and in
bed no less!

"Honey," Paige said, turning softer, "I've been telling you on the
phone, I'm so sorry. Please forgive me."

"It's just too soon, Paige," Stephen said. "I told you I need time to
think. I really don't think you should be here right now. I need time
alone." Paige spotted the roses and the champagne Stephen had ordered
for the romantic rendezvous with his mother.

"Alone?" Paige said, her tone changing again. "If you're here to be
alone, who the hell are the flowers and champagne for? You son of a
bitch!"

"Paige," Stephen said, "Calm down."

"Calm down?" Paige retorted. "You swore you haven't been seeing
anyone. You promised me that. Your mother told me you weren't seeing
anyone. If you're not, what are those things doing here? Did you order
flowers and champagne for yourself?"

"I...it's not...," Stephen stammered. "Paige..." Paige then noticed
there was a small card on the flowers.

"Well, let's just see who the flowers are for," she said, walking over
to the dozen roses. "Are they for Stephen, so he can have pretty
things here while he's alone?" Paige picked-up the card and read the
content silently to herself, then aloud. "To the super sexy Mrs.
Brooks." She paused, holding back a tear. "Stephen. These are for
me!"

Stephen felt tightness in his chest. Was it guilt, as he had bought
the flowers for the other Mrs. Brooks, his mother, who he had recently
finished making love to in the next room? Was it fear that Paige would
realize soon enough that the flowers hadn't been for her? Stephen even
thought he might be lucky enough to be having a very timely heart
attack.

"Paige, let me..." Stephen began.

"They are for me!" Paige proclaimed. "Stephen, you were planning this
for us, weren't you? That's what Sharon thought when I called her. She
said she had made the arrangements and she didn't want to spoil the
surprise, but if I wasn't able to get in touch with you, she didn't
want us not to get together. Oh, Sweetheart!" Page moved immediately
to her husband and threw her arms around him. "You were planning to
surprise me! And then I told you that horrible news! Oh Stephen, I'm
so, so sorry. Can we please start again? Please? Let's just be here
together, just the two of us. We can talk everything over in bed after
you fuck my brains out!"

Stephen hadn't heard anything like a conciliatory tone from his wife
in many months, much less any form of sexual talk or playfulness. His
head was starting to spin again. But one thing he was sure of, there
was no way to even pretend it was just the two of them in the suite
with Carly wrapped in bed linens in the next room.

"You know what, Paige?" Stephen said. "Talking would be a great idea."
She smiled a smile that he also hadn't seen in many months. He was
reminded of how pretty his wife could be when she wasn't scowling at
him. "But let's talk at home, OK? Let me just grab my briefcase and
we'll go home and talk."

"Why, Stephen?" Paige inquired. "You have this suite. It's perfect!
You bought me roses and champagne. Please, Stephen? We can talk and
talk, in bed."

"At home, Paige," Stephen countered again. "Really. I'd just like to
put the afternoon behind us. Let's go home and talk." Page gave him a
dramatic but surprisingly playful frown.

Stephen thought several things. First, that this plan was going to
work. She wanted to stay, but she was willing to do what he wanted
just so that he would be open to talking and hopefully for her, open
to considering forgiveness. But Stephen also thought of how much he
genuinely cared for his wife. He certainly wasn't over the fact that
she had slept with his father and been impregnated. But he did still
have strong feelings for her.

"OK," Paige said. "We can go home, Sweetheart." She turned and moved
to grab her husband's briefcase which sat next to the sofa, so they
could indeed head for home. Paige then saw something which immediately
caught her attention.

"Stephen, whose trench coat is that?" Stephen's heart fell to his
feet. "It's not yours." Carly had dropped her trench coat a little
over an hour before, revealing her naked body underneath. She had
tossed it onto the sofa and neither thought there would be any reason
to move it.

"Um...it's..." Stephen was stammering again. "Paige, I..."

"You son of a bitch!," Paige said loudly. "That sure as hell isn't
your coat, is it? Whose coat is it, Stephen? Who's here with you?"
Paige surveyed the room and for the first time saw the French doors to
the bedroom. She walked quickly and purposefully in that direction."

"Paige, wait," Stephen implored. "Paige, don't go in there. Let's just
go home and start over." Paige wasn't hearing him now. Her only
mission was to see who was on the other side of the glass doors. She
flung the doors wide and looked in. For a brief moment, she saw a pair
of black heels on the floor at the foot of the bed.

In the next few seconds, Paige's brain seemed to stop functioning. She
knew she was seeing a woman. The blonde was standing next to the bed,
clutching a bed sheet to her body. Something was familiar, but Paige
couldn't get herself to focus. "Who am I looking at?" her mind said.
"Who is this woman who's here with my husband? I think I know her."
Then Paige's brain snapped back to reality and she gasped, thinking
she might faint.

"Paige," Carly said, having no idea what to say next. Stephen had
caught up to his wife and now stood behind her in the doorway. He also
was speechless for the moment.

"What the hell?" Paige questioned. "What the hell is going on here?
Carly, why are you here?" Both Carly and Stephen realized that Page
still hadn't quite put everything together. Stephen thought he still
had a chance to get his wife out of the suite before she put all the
pieces in place.

"Come on, Paige," he said. "We'll talk at home." Paige didn't budge.
She stared at Carly, Stephen's mother, holding a bed sheet around
herself. Paige turned to her husband.

"Stephen," she said, "Why is your mother here? I don't understand
what's going on." She looked back at Carly, then at Stephen again. She
surveyed the room, saw the disheveled bed, the high heels on the
floor. She then gasped again.

"No!" Paige exclaimed. "Don't you tell me..." Tears began to well up
in her eyes. She looked her husband dead in the eyes. "You're not
really, here with your mother, are you? You can't be!" She turned back
to her mother in law. "Carly, you couldn't. He's your son. He's my
husband. Oh, no! It's can't be! It just can't!" Tears began to stream
down Paige's cheeks. Carly finally found her voice.

"Paige," she said, "You should just go home with Stephen. We can talk
about all of this later. Now's not the time." Despite the fact that
Carly was not speaking with authority, Paige continued to stand her
ground. Stephen tried to take her shoulder to lead her to the door but
she slapped it away. She turned to face him again.

"Did you sleep with your mother, Stephen?" she asked. "Tell me you
didn't sleep with your mother! Tell me you're not that sick. Tell me
you didn't fuck your mother, Stephen." This last comment shocked
Stephen out of his stupor.

"OK, Paige," he began. "I'll tell you that I didn't fuck my mother. As
soon as you tell me you didn't fuck my father! Tell me you didn't fuck
him and that the baby you're carrying isn't his." Paige now lost a
great deal of steam and she dropped her gaze to the floor. "Come on
Paige. Tell me that didn't happen and I'll tell you this didn't
happen." No one moved, nor did any of the three speak for at least a
minute. Finally Carly tried again to be the voice of reason.

"Stephen, Paige," she said, "Go home, OK? We all have a lot to talk
through. But this isn't the time. Stephen, take Paige and go home.
Maybe we can talk tomorrow." Hearing Carly's voice brought Paige out
of her guilty haze once more. She turned back to Carly, who was still
clutching the sheet around her.

"Carly," she said, "Did you come here to fuck my husband?" The
question caught Carly off guard. She tried to form an answer, but none
came. Paige walked to the bedroom closet and opened the door, then
closed it. She walked into the attached bathroom, turned on the light,
looked around, then turned it off. "Where are your clothes, Carly? I
saw your trench coat in the other room. I see your shoes. But your
clothes aren't in the bathroom and they're not in the closet. And
unless you're going to pull your panties out of the bed, I don't see
any underwear either. You came here to fuck him, didn't you? You came
just wearing your trench coat and your high heels, knowing you were
going to fuck my husband." Carly once again had no response.

"Paige," Stephen said, "Please, please let's go and talk about this at
home." Paige continued to look at Carly.

"When you were at my house today, you swore to me that Stephen wasn't
seeing anyone," she said. "How long have you been doing this? Did I
ask the wrong question? Should I have asked you if my husband was
fucking anyone? Oh shit! Those roses were for you! They weren't for me
at all! Fuck! The super sexy Mrs. Brooks is you! I don't believe
this!"

"I know it doesn't matter right now," Carly replied. "But I promise
you, this is the very first time we we've been together. I swear that,
Paige."

"It's the truth, Paige," Stephen said. "Of course, you've been
sleeping with my dad for months. I guess that's a whole lot better
than my mom coming here thinking we might comfort each other."

"He's not my father!" Paige shouted. "Yes, I slept with him. Yes, he
got me pregnant. But I'm not related to him. She's your mother,
Stephen! You fucked your mother! You not only cheated on me. You
fucked your mother!" Paige decided she could no longer handle the
three-way accusation match. She took one more long look at her mother
in law, then at her husband, then walked purposefully to the door,
which she opened and slammed behind her without another word.

Stephen and Carly stood frozen, looking at one another. For the first
time in the craziest week of her life, Carly began to cry. Stephen
wasn't sure what to do. Should he go after his wife and allow his
mother to be alone? Should he comfort Carly? Should he just wait to
see what she would do next? He chose to move toward Carly and see what
would happen. Stephen took reached out to his mother and took her in
his arms. He was grateful that she didn't pull away. Rather, she
leaned into his arms and embraced him, burying her face in his
shoulder and crying softly.

"It's OK, Mom," Stephen soothed, rubbing Carly's back and shoulders.
"It'll be OK." Carly let her son hold her for several minutes. She had
melted at his touch just an hour before and now she felt very
reassured by it.

"Oh, Stephen," she finally said. "How is it going to be OK? I've
ruined everything. Paige is right. We're sick! I'm your mother and I
slept with you. What was I thinking?"

"Mom," Stephen said, putting his hand behind her head and guiding her
face to look directly at him, "You didn't do this on your own. I
started it. I wanted it. You resisted. If anything, it's my fault. But
I'm not sorry, Mom. No matter what happens after this, I'm not sorry I
was together with you."

"Ohhhh," Carly sighed and held Stephen close again.

"You know what, Mom?" Stephen said. "As a matter of fact, no matter
what happens, I want to be with you again."

"What do you mean?" she asked.

"I mean, you are so important to me," he replied. "I wanted this and
I'm not ready to give you up. I don't know what's going to happen in
our marriages. But I can't give you up."

"Our spouses might have something to say about that," Carly said,
offering her first wan smile since Paige had arrived.

"We'll figure it out, Mom," Stephen said. "I promise."

"I think we have some damage control to do in the immediate future,"
Carly said. "But somehow I think you're right. I have a sense we can
work this out."

"But I agree that it's time for damage control," Stephen said. "But
what should we do?"

"We should all talk together," Carly said. "All four of us."

"But I don't know where Paige is," Stephen said. "And I doubt she'll
answer if I call her."

"She's at my house," Carly said. "I would pretty much guarantee it.
Your father is her comforter. And he's the only one she would want to,
or would even dare to tell about us." Carly realized she would need to
get her coat and shoes because, as her daughter in law pointed out,
she had no clothes.

"OK," Stephen said. "Let's get going. We can go in my car and I'll
bring you to get yours later."

"Wait a minute," Carly said. "Stephen had turned away, but he turned
back to face his mother, still wrapped in the bed sheet.

"What is it, Mom?" he asked.

"I have one more question to ask you, Stephen," Carly said. They both
smiled, briefly remembering the last question she had asked him,
related to where he wanted to put his erection. Once the moment had
passed, they refocused on the present. "Paige said something to me
when I was at your house talking to her today. I haven't been able to
stop thinking about it."

"OK," Stephen said. "What is it?"

"Well," Carly said. "This will probably be absolutely ridiculous, so
don't laugh. But Paige said, that she thought, you were in love with
me." Stephen stared at Carly with a very serious expression on his
face. "That's just crazy, isn't it?" Stephen didn't speak. "Stephen?"
He paused a bit longer.

"Mom..." Stephen said, moving close to Carly, taking her into his arms
again, which took her by surprise. He took a deep breath, then sighed
before speaking again. "Mom, I have been in love with you since High
School." Carly stared at her son in disbelief.

"Stephen," she said, "What did you say?"

"I said, I'm in love with you, Mom," Stephen replied, "And I've been
in love with you for, oh, probably ten years. There's no one like you,
Mom. You're smart, you're beautiful, you're so, so sexy. You're simply
incredible. It wasn't an accident that I wanted you this week. I know
you thought it was just because things have been tough with Paige and
me, but that's not really it. If anything, things are bad with Paige
because I want you so much. Because I'm in love with you and always
have been. She knew it. This wasn't just lust, Mom. I love you."

"Oh my," Carly said, feeling out of breath suddenly. "Stephen, I don't
know what to say."

"Let's just see what happens, Mom," Stephen said. "Just let me love
you and we'll see what happens."

"Stephen," Carly said. "No one has said they were in love with me for
so long. I know I shouldn't feel this, but I can't tell you how
wonderful it was to hear you say those words. Stephen Honey, I love
you too. Thank you for coming toward me, my sweet baby. I love you,
Stephen. I love you." Her last words were but a whisper. The two drew
together in a passionate kiss. Stephen pulled down the sheet that
wrapped his mother's naked body. He ran his hands over her now exposed
flesh. Carly felt her son's touch once more and quivered.

"Mom," Stephen said, "I would give anything to take you back into that
bed and make love to you all night. But I think we need to go and tend
to our marriages." Carly nodded. "But here's the deal. We'll go and do
that, if you promise me that very soon, I can have you in bed again. I
don't know how I'll wait that long to be with you, but I'll make it.
But if you tell me that we can't be together again, then I'm going to
throw you down on this bed and fuck you until you change your mind."

"I can't argue with that, Sweetheart," Carly said. "I promise you that
I want to be together with you again as soon as possible. No matter
what happens, I guarantee that you can have me again. OK?" Stephen
nodded. They kissed once more, Carly loving the feeling of her son
holding her naked body against him.

Then mother and son parted. Carly got her trench coat and put her
shoes on. The two left together to try and work things out with their
spouses as the tangled web continued to be spun.

To Be Continued...

laurenmom@writeme.com