My Classmate

I am in 10th standard now and this happened when I was in 9th. I had a class
friend whose was damn sexy. She had a great body. Big breasts, coffee brown
hair, black eyes and a coke bottle figure which was really inviting. Sometimes
she gave me signals that she wanted me badly but I being a shy guy didn't give
any respond. Our friendship had been going on for about 1 year now and we used
to meet regularly in school.

On one typical day in school I was in the computer room of my school with my
friend. She suddenly came to me and asked me that could I come to her house on
Saturday. I was taken aback by this sudden request of hers. I was about to say
no as I had to go somewhere on Saturday but I saw a desperation or lust in her
eyes. I could tell that she wanted me very badly. I said ok I will come at 11:30
in the morning she looking very happy went away.

Days passed as Saturday came near and I was thinking of what was her purpose of
calling me to her house. Then came Saturday, I rang her doorbell and she opened
the damn door. WHOA! She was looking very hot and erotic. I could shag then and
there looking at her even in her clothes. Imagine this, an extremely attractive
girl with perfectly round and big tits and well shaped ass, in a skin tight
sleeveless shirt which was tied in a knot to reveal her navel and very tight
pair of jeans which extended only to her knees.

WOW! Just thinking of it makes me horny even now when I no longer meet her. She
told me to come in and I stepped in and saw a dimly lit yet beautiful room with
all the windows closed and curtains drawn. There was extreme silence in her
house and I could make out that she was alone. She offered me a cold drink and
got herself one too. We sat quietly sipping away at our respective drinks
staring at each other. The atmosphere was what you call romantic and I had no
idea what was to follow.

I asked her the reason why she had called me and she said she was having trouble
in a biology chapter (guess which one!!!). I asked her to show it to me and
brought a book which had the reproduction page bookmarked. I opened the page and
was shocked to see the topic. It had a picture of the male reproductive system
and the penis in the picture was circled with a sketch pen. I glanced at her and
she looked curious about my reaction.

She asked me if I could explain it to her. I was hesitating but I continued.
While I was explaining frequently I found her hand nearing my cock. I didn't
think of it as anything at first but slowly she slid nearer to me. It was making
me really aroused and my cock was bulging in my tight jeans. She was staring
right at my erection and that was making me uncomfortable. At last when she saw
that I wasn't going to grab her and fuck her like hell she tried to seduce me by
fondling with her huge tits. My eyes stuck at her boobs and she said come let's
have some fun. We were sitting on a couch and she came near me.

I was too mad with lust at that point and put my lips on hers and kissed like a
mad man. She fully cooperated and embraced me with both her arms. Her tits were
pressing against my chest. They were as soft as, I can't describe how soft and
smooth they were. I was a virgin at that time and I knew that this was the day
for me and her lose our virginity.

I was exploring her back while kissing her and my finger went into her jeans and
touched her panty. That was the first step in our sex adventure. Finally we
stopped kissing. She stared right in my eyes as if warning me that this was
going to be hardcore. She put her hand on my rock-hard 7" penis and started
massaging my crotch. I felt I that I would cum right then but I controlled.
Meanwhile I was playing with her soft melons from the outside of the shirt. Then
slowly I reached inside and squeezed her nipples. It was in heaven!

She unzipped my jeans and took them off. This left me in my underwear with a
tent in the middle because of my erection. She was delighted to see me in that
state. I too tore off her shirt and she wasn't wearing a bra and her tits jumped
out. Beautiful!

She slid down my underwear and held my 7" manhood in her hand. It was too big
for her hand so she used both hands to hold it. She stripped off her jeans and
bent down on her knees. I knew what she was doing and gave her my cock. She
instantly took it in her mouth. The bloody bitch!

She must have watched a whole lot of blue films to know that much about sex. She
gave me a wonderful blowjob. It hurt at first when her teeth rubbed against the
skin but slowly pain turned to pleasure. She kept sucking my cock for about 5
minutes when I told her that I was going to take it out as I was about to
release my load. She insisted that I shoot it in her mouth and held onto my
penis. I shot all the sperm in her mouth and she gulped it like a whore.

Some of it dripped out of her mouth and that aroused my dick and it got erect
for another round instantly. I knew all the sex positions and thought of trying
the 69 one. She agreed and I licked her pussy like a hungry dog drinking his
milk. She was sucking my balls while I was trying to make her cum. Her pussy was
sweet in taste like honey and too tight to even let my tongue in. She was
moaning ahhhhhhh ooooohhhh oooooomph!

I was afraid that the neighbors may come and check what was going on but luckily
it didn't happen. I told her that I was going to fuck her between her breasts
and she lied down on the couch. She pressed her tits and made a tunnel in
between them so that we could get maximum pleasure. I did that for about 15
minutes and loved every second of it. Again I cummed on her breasts and then
licked them clean.

I slowly bit her nipples and sucked on one while playing with the other. I could
tell that she was having a great time. Next up was fingered fucking; I put my
index finger in her love hole and started stroking them up and down. She loved
it and gave loud moans of pleasure. After a few minutes when I felt that her
cunt was loose enough I used my second finger too and licked my fingers which
had the taste of her pussy juice. I made her lick the fingers too. She told me
in between her moans and gasps that please enter my love hole. I was desperately
waiting for that and I told her to lie down on the carpet
and open her legs wide. I came near her hole with my cock and she grabbed it and
guided it into the pussy.

For some time she supervised the strokes with her hand but then left it to me. I
started pushing harder and she was screaming with pain. I slowed down and asked
her if she had Vaseline or something. She got up with a lot of effort and went
into a room and came back with Vaseline and handed it to me. I took some
Vaseline rubbed it on my cock and some inside her pussy and told her that this
would ease the pain a lot. She looked relieved and asked me to start the fuck
again. I pushed my cock in her.

She screamed but a lot less. I started fucking her slowly with gentle strokes.
With my ever in-stroke she inhaled air and with every out-stroke she exhaled
air. I increased the pace and started ramming her with my dick. Her screaming
was decreasing with ever second and a smile of ultimate pleasure came on her
lips. That girl was enjoying it more than me. I fucked her for a long, long time
and instantly stopped when I was about to cum. She and I cummed together and I
could feel her juice on my cock.

It was 35 degrees outside and it must have been 70 degrees inside her cunt. We
both stopped and relaxed, my cock still inside her. We were exhausted after that
and lay on our backs. I took out my limp penis out of her hole and put my
clothes on and she slipped into another shirt as I had torn the previous one. We
both sat on the couch she turned on the Air Conditioner. We both hugged each
other and I kissed her passionately.

We had something to eat as we were completely out of energy.

