Strip Game Punishment
by dazed

The seven girls sat around the coffee table with the cards ready to be shuffled. It was one of their “Girl’s Nite Out” events and they were in the mood to have some fun.

The girls, four of whom were 18, and the other three, 17, had known each other for years. They shared their free spirit nature, and were willing to do pretty much anything for fun. 

Tonight they were at Carrie’s house. Her parents were out of town and they had the place all to themselves. 

“What game are we playing?” One of the girls inquired as snacks and drinks were passed around.

Carrie beamed with an impish smile as she began shuffling the cards. “Let’s play strip poker!”

The girls all cackled and whooped at the suggestion and after a bit all agreed to play.

“Perfect,” Carrie smiled. “We will play with one little added rule to make it all the more fun. The girl that gets completely naked will have to perform a task as punishment for losing.” 

Again, they all laughed and teased at the possibilities and the game began. 


****************

An hour later, three girls were down to their bra and panties, two had only lost their shoes and socks, and the other two were still completely clothed. The beer was being consumed rapidly and the mood was jovial and fun-filled.

Another hand was passed out and everyone looked intently to see what each player had. Lisa, an 18 year old girl with jet black hair, curvy body, and ample breasts, was one of the three girls down to her bra and panties when she laid her losing hand down.

The girls laughed and jeered as they taunted her to take her bra off. Lisa stood and grinned nervously as she reached behind her and unhooked the bra. Her C-cup breasts stuck out proudly upon their release as the other girls whooped and laughed.

Even though she was among her friends, the realization that they were all staring at her naked breasts made her blush as she slowly sat back down. Again, the game resumed but with a little more excitement in knowing that a girl was close to being naked.

Three more hands were exchanged and Lisa’s luck had ran out. She laid down another losing hand.

She stood nervously as every eye was on her yelling at her to take her panties off. She slipped her fingers into the elastic bands of her panties and summoned the courage to send them on that long trip down her legs to the floor.

The girls all whistled and laughed approvingly when her shaved pussy came into view. Lisa continued sliding her panties down until she stepped out of them and stood naked before the other six girls.

“Turn around!” some of the girls yelled as the began clapping.

Lisa blushed as she did the losers twirl, turning around to give the girls a look at her shapely ass before turning back to face them.

As Lisa stood there displaying her naked body, Carrie and the other girls huddled to discuss her penalty. The subdued laughter from them made Lisa all the more nervous as she awaited her fate. 

Finally, Carrie stood with a broad grin on her face. “Your penalty for losing is you have to walk around the outside of the house fully naked!”

“Nooooo!” Lisa shrieked as the other girls laughed at her reaction. 

“Come on. It’s dark outside and with all the bushes around the house no one will ever see you. We will be watching from the windows though and if you try to shorten it we will know,” Carrie threatened.

“Please don’t make me do this,” Lisa pleaded with them.

Soon, however, Lisa was being led to the backdoor by all six girls. As the back door opened she took a deep breath and sheepishly stepped outside. Her tanned body with the white bikini outline on her ass stood out perfectly under the back porch light.

“Remember, you have to go completely around the house,” Carrie spoke as she shut the door and turned off the porch light. She could hear the footsteps of the other girls running through the house to peer out the windows at her walk of shame.

Nervously, with her heart beating a mile a minute, Lisa slowly made her way, ensuring to stay as close to the house as she could in case she saw someone. As she passed a window two of the girls knocked on it laughing at her and snapping a picture of her on their cell phones.

The trek around the front of the house was the most nerve racking as it was close to the street and cars were going up and down the road. She could hear the laughter of the girls behind her as they pecked on a window to let her know they were watching her. 

The other side of the house had shrubbery and Lisa used it to conceal herself from the neighbor lady who lived close to them. Finally, she made it back to the back door and gave a collective sigh of relief as she reached for the knob.

Her heart stopped. It was locked! How could they do this to her? She beat on the door with her hand. 

“Let me in. I did what you told me to do. This is not fair,” She cried out, nearly in tears as Carrie peered out the back door laughing as she gave a little wave.

“Yes, you did what I asked you to do, but you have to perform a task from EACH of us,” Carrie spoke as she leaned against the door window. “Look on the bright side. You only have five more tasks to complete and you can come in and get dressed,” she teased as the other girls laughed in the background. 

“Five!! no! You can’t do that to me. Let me in please. I’m naked out here Carrie,” Lisa pleaded.

Carrie walked away from the door and Jill, another player, came up to it, grinning as she saw Lisa covering her breasts and crotch with her arms. Jill pressed her face close to the door window and turned on the back porch light. Suddenly Lisa was bathed in an amber light.

“Nooooo! Turn the light off. Someone will see me,” Lisa shrieked frantically.

“My task for you is this,” Jill spoke. “I want you to turn around and bend over and touch your toes twenty times. I’ll be counting, and I will also be checking out that cute butt of yours,” Jill teased. “When you finish I will turn out the light.”

Lisa burned with embarrassment as she turned her back towards the house and began the humiliating exercise, all the while hearing the girls laugh as they all crowded around the back door to watch. It seemed like forever before she got to twenty of them, but she was relieved when the back porch light went off and she could once again hide her nakedness in the dark.

Amy was the next girl to announce a task. “Get on your hands and knees and crawl all the way to the alley and back.”

“Amy, no! Someone will see me. Please let me come in and finish my tasks inside,” Lisa begged.

“No,”Amy shook her head. “They have to be completed outside. It is pitch dark. No one will see you, but us, of course. Now get on your hands and knees little doggie and crawl to the alley and back.”

Th girls cackled in delight at the image of Lisa, butt naked, crawling towards the alley, her ass swaying back and forth. Just as she reached the end of the yard where the alley began she heard a neighbor’s dog barking and cursed under her breath as she turned to make the trip back.

She no sooner returned to the back door and rose to her feet when Vicky, the next girl, came to the window to announce her task. 

“You have to bend over and spank yourself fifteen times!” Vicky beamed to the thrill and laughter of the others.

At this point, Lisa’s only thought was getting back inside and getting dressed. She swallowed her pride, bent over and began slapping her butt with her hands.

“Harder!” she heard Vicky yell over the howling laughter of the girls.

When Lisa had finished, both of her butt cheeks glowed with red patches.

Jenny was the next to the last task. “Rub your tits for five minutes. If your nipples are hard you can stop. If hey are not, you have to keep doing it until they are.”

Lisa saw the flashes of the camera’s going off as she placed both hand on her breasts and began rubbing them to the delight of the watchers.

Despite her reluctance at doing such a thing outside, Lisa was surprised to find her nipples did actually harden and she was able to finish at the five minute mark, but had to pose for the girls to take some pics of her like that with her hands to her side.

Finally, the last girl, Fran, came to the window. “You have to squat and pee in the yard while we watch!” she announced gleefully.

“Nooooo! Come on, please. Don’t make me do that,” Lisa begged.

“Can’t come in till you pee,” Fran grinned wickedly, her face pressed against the door window.

Again, Lisa burned in shame as she stood in the yard in sight of all the girls peering through the window and began wetting the ground between her legs.

She was never so glad to hear the back door unlock and get into the safety of the indoors. “I hate you guys,” Lisa fumed in embarrassment as she began dressing. 

“Oh it’s just a game,” Carrie remarked. “Look at it this way, someone else may lose next and you can get your revenge on them.”

Carrie’s words perked Lisa up and she sat back down and the game began again. All the time, she was planning her task for the next loser.



