It's the second night in this particular freight car, and he wakes curled up against another warm body. His face is pressed up into the crook of someone's neck, one hand is clutching a dirty lapel, the other lax at his side. His leg slung careless over narrow hips.

He's a distant awareness that when he went to sleep he'd been hunched over and alone.

There had been no one else in the car never mind beneath, beside, around him.

He tries to wriggle away a little, just enough to have a touch of breathing room, but one long arm clamps him more firmly in tight and holds him.

"Shhh."

He stills for a moment, heart beating fast, panting breaths onto a soft, warm throat, then starts trying to twist and wriggle away again.

"Shhh, I said. No need to be squirming about so, it's hours 'til dawn." There's a yawn, and then a large hand pats him absently on the ass. "Go back t' sleep"

He twists enough that he can lean up and away, getting just enough distance that he can see the other's face.

Young is his first thought. Probably no older than he is, with a mop of messy dark hair and sharp-cut eyes.

"Go back t' sleep," The boy repeats, and smiles as he tugs him back in to the heat and mold of his body.

It's slow.

The open door of the freight car shows the blur of the world skimming by, trees and bushes becoming less than a thought, just the flat brown of the land stretching off in to the far reaching distance. The motion of the train a steady clack and shudder, clack and shudder.

But it remains slow.

Jensen draws in a deep breath, his face already feels burnt and scolding, a high flush taking up residence on his cheeks. He bites his lip and rolls his hips as far as he's permitted.

It's too damn slow.

The wood of the car floor is rough beneath him, rough hewn planks digging into his skin and threatening him with splinters where he definitely don't want them. From where he's lying he can track the path of the sun through the wide blue of the sky.

Slow and unhurried and too goddamn little and too goddamn much.

It's been honest to god hours, with the guy's mouth never talking more than the very head of his cock, never going the tiniest fraction deeper, tongue finding all those elusive sweet little places he'd never even know about. Teasing them. Suckling light and barely there.

"Jesus," Jensen curses, head rocking to the side, panting into the crook of his arm. "Jesus. Please."

There's no change, more tiny little licks flitting over the tip, big hands cradling his hips and pinning him tight.

"Please. Christ. Please."

He squeezes his eyes shut, tries to let this be enough, to make this be enough.

"Need. Need. Need." It's like a liturgy. The rhythm of church bells calling the faithful. He tries to scramble closer to that maddening heat and pressure.

Hard, heavy thumbs dig deliciously into the hollows of his hips, those small points of pressure just flirting with the possibility of becoming pain. He's shivering and failing to buck up, shuddering and gasping every time those hands squeeze him harder and hold him down more solidly.

"Damnit. Please. Please."

There's an almost hum as though the guy is amused and happy with how soft and broken his voice sounds when he begs, and it makes his thighs shake harder.

Too little. Too little –

Those large thumbs dig deeper into his flesh, the nails pinching him, and a whirl of heat floods through him, head snapping back, low sounds torn from his throat, skin suddenly too tight to contain him.

The train clacks and shudders, and Jensen arches sharply then settles bone-heavy down onto the rough wood planks beneath him.

The train clacks and shudders, and Jensen watches the haze of land and sky rush by.

He chews the salt pork slowly, leans back with his eyes shut listening to the sound of the wind whipping by.

His canteen is down to the last few swallows of water and the meat makes his throat ache with thirst.

Next time the car slows enough he'll make a jump for it, hopefully it'll be a real town with a roadhouse that'll be playing music and have folk dancing every night. Maybe they'll even rent out rooms and he'll be able to sweep up or make himself useful in kind.

He hears the train's whistle call out sharply and the brakes groan and smiles.