Over the next day, Harry discovered that staying together to the extent he had decreed was so far out of their usual behavior that he didn't know what to do. Usually, he realized, he and Draco would spend much of the day apart: Draco would read a novel, and he would read committee reports; Draco would read committee reports and he would fly; he would fly, and Draco would visit friends. To stay together felt odd, although they both, of course, could still read.

Accordingly, they spent much of the first day in the sitting room, reading. Harry was relieved when it was time for him to make dinner. After dinner, he and Draco had sex -- mutual oral pleasure, for the most part. He deliberately did not look to see if Severus was watching or ignoring them.

The next morning started out much the same way, except that they stayed in the bedroom. Harry took over the bed with a spread of vampire reports that had been too tedious to correlate before, and Draco lounged across the armchair, reading a weekly. Severus sat cross-legged on his bed and watched with pointed intensity. It was distracting. Eventually, Draco crossed the narrow strip of floor and settled against Harry's side. Severus still watched.

Slowly, Harry grew more aware of Draco's presence. He thought of what Severus had said. Was he waiting for them to have sex? Hoping for it? Dreading it? He thought of his own glib reply to Severus's accusation of perversion, and he ran his lips across Draco's fair hair and over his ear.

"Shall I flog you?"

Draco went utterly still. Harry kissed his ear. "I want to do something," he elaborated.

Idly, Draco turned and rolled into him.

"Please," he said.

"Mm." Harry stood, and stretched. "Draco," he said out loud, and Draco looked up eagerly.

"Let's play," Harry said, and Draco rolled off the bed and onto his knees. Harry couldn't keep from laughing slightly at how artificial it was, but Severus came to his feet at the first burst of motion. After a few quick steps, he seemed to realize that they weren't going anywhere, and backed up towards the wall. Still smiling, Harry Summoned the whip rack and set it down to one side. It was a short stand, basically rectangular, with a line of slots in a board set a few inches above a low platform, and another corresponding set in a board at the top. Only two sets were used as intended, with the handle of a crop resting on the platform, and the shaft laid from one slot to its pair above. A thin switch was stored similarly, but beyond that, he had used the upper slots in pairs, looping thong or cord handles from one to the next. In that way, he had suspended four floggers and a leather paddle. Most were black or brown, with little ornamentation. The Imperial Flogger hung among them like Gilderoy Lockhart in a line of monks. Harry stepped back and motioned Draco forward.

"Choose."

Normally Draco would have just said -- "the paddle, then your hand" or "the brown flogger and the louder crop" -- but apparently that wouldn't suffice when on display. Instead, he dropped from his knees to knees and hands, and prowled forward, drawing a faint hiss of breath from their audience. At the rack he paused, as if studying his options, and then reared up and stretched forward. It took him two tries and a visible use of tongue to get the wrist strap of the Imperial Flogger in his teeth, but once he had it, he removed it neatly and then turned to offer it to Harry in a chest-down, bum up position that Harry, at least, recognized as a canine invitation to play.

Harry chuckled as he took it. "Very well. Showy it is."

Severus, apparently tired of standing, threw himself down into Draco's heirloom Louis IV armchair. "How gaudy. Is it the ceremonial cat of Gryffindor?"

It took Harry a moment to place the word 'cat'. Cat o' nine tails. Although it must have twice that, and it's not that sort of whip. "Almost," he answered. "It was a present from Hermione. Draco's learned to like it, though." Ignoring Severus's horrified look, he accepted the flogger from Draco and turned it in a showy figure eight, enjoying the way the tails whispered wickedly through the air. "Stand up, love. Robes off and hold the bar."

The bars were his additions to Stag's Run Lodge. There were two of them, both plain brass tubes, mounted a few inches out from one wall and running from end to end of it. One was just at shoulder height for Draco, and the other just above Harry's waist, which was at shoulder height for Draco on his knees. They used them in a number of ways, but this was their favorite. Draco stood back from the bar and leaned forward to grasp it with both hands, displaying his back in front of Harry. A loose undergarment purported to cover him from the waist down, but the fabric and drape were too fine to obscure a single contour of his arse and thighs. Harry licked his lips.

"Perfect," he said.

Unlike the last time, when sex with Draco had driven everything else from his mind, Harry was almost palpably aware of Severus. The man was like a fire, staying in place at one side, but charging everything with heat. Harry looked across Draco's tilted back at him and saw him sitting upright, staring back. Feeling bold, Harry smiled at him, though he knew Severus would call that insolence. Perhaps it was.

Returning his attention to his lover, Harry turned the flogger in a quick motion of his wrist, landing a set of light strokes, shoulders to arse, laying a base of sensation. For a moment, he stopped, stroking his hand down the warmed skin.

"So lovely."

"Don't tease, Harry. More."

"But you like being teased."

He made the next set of strokes scarcely heavier, letting each fall slowly.

"Harry!"

"I'm sorry." Harry glanced over at Severus, who was watching tight-lipped -- but still watching. "Am I boring you, love?"

"Yes!" Draco snapped.

"Poor babe." Harry tried to keep his voice light as he drew his arm back. The tails hissed a moment's warning before snapping down hard on Draco's arse.

Draco yelped. "Yes," he said roughly. "Do it."

Harry backed off a fraction, but not enough to tease. He set up a rhythm of even blows, letting Draco adapt to it, watching for the muscles in front of him to relax in acceptance. There he paused for a moment, stroking Draco's hot skin and kissing the back of his neck. He remembered Snape and snuck a glance in that direction, finding the man wide eyed and shifting slightly in his seat. He kissed Draco again. "Harder?"

"Yes. I want marks."

"All right."

Harry folded back half the thick tails and held them against the handle. He wasn't sure why that made the impact sharper, but it did. He powered the next blow from his shoulder, and lines of red bloomed across Draco's back.

Severus hissed.

"Yeah," Draco said. He screamed at the next one, the sound yanking Severus out of his seat.

"Good," Draco panted, to reassure Severus, Harry suspected. "May I shout?"

"I didn't tell you not to."

Harry landed several blows in quick succession, and then stopped to shove Draco's undergarment down. His arse was as marked as his back, and his cock standing out hard from his body. Harry took a moment to stroke it and smear the wetness at the tip. "Mm," he said appreciatively. "Hold that thought."

He continued, alternating the flogger and touch, until Draco was clinging to the bar to stay upright. Deliberately, Harry set the flogger down and kissed behind his ear.

"Harry," Draco sobbed, "I-- I--"

"Shh." Harry lowered him down to the sheepskin by the bed, and settled him on his side, intentionally displaying his front to Severus. "It's all right." He was already fondling Draco, covering his erection with long strokes. "Is this what you need?"

"Yes. Yes, Harry...."

"Whatever you want, baby." He loved the feel of Draco's cock -- the narrow, hard shaft, the soft skin, the slide of tight foreskin where his excitement had squeezed out slick drops of lubrication. Harry went from a tight, slow grip to something lighter and faster, and Draco shook in his arms. No scream of pleasure now, just a shudder and gouts of moon-white spunk, cast out in two short cords and a longer line of oval drops, splayed out like the lines from the flogger. With a shuddering sigh, he rolled forward.

"I love you," Harry whispered. He Summoned the matching sheepskin from the other side of the bed and covered Draco with it. He rubbed his arm gently, but rather than lying beside him and cuddling him as he would usually do, he came up into a ready crouch, his eyes boring into Severus, who was beyond pretending not to watch.

"Would you like to take his place?" Harry invited, his voice low with contained lust. "I want more. Come here."

It was perhaps not fair, in that Snape may not have understood that he was allowed to refuse, but Harry doubted that he really wanted to refuse, so he pushed back that niggle of guilt as Snape slunk forward, moving to stand beside Draco. Harry saw his lover looking up through a mist of pale lashes, not too melted to be intrigued.

Harry stepped close behind Snape, so that they almost touched. "Hold the bar," he whispered. "Do you wish to be bound?"

"I ..." Snape cleared his throat. "I may choose?"

"For now, yes. I don't know your history, or what binding might mean to you."

Snape hesitated again. "As you wish," he said thickly.

"Very good." With a whispered charm, Harry Summoned a pair of cuffs down to the middle of the bar. He took one and stroked the thick lamb's fleece that lined it against the inside of Snape's wrist. "Soft, isn't it?" he murmured against Snape's ear -- God, why couldn't the man wash adequately? -- but then stepped back. "Remove your robes and shirt."

With shaking hands, Snape unbuttoned the front of his robes, getting only a few inches down before he gave up and pulled them awkwardly over his head. The fabric dragged his shirt up and that caught around his neck, until Harry cast an unfastening charm and they both came flying off, pulling his trousers high. Snape's face burned with embarrassment.

"Good," Harry soothed and fastened the first cuff, pulling the strap through the buckle until the fleece was snug against Snape's wrist. Snape let out a desperate little sound and took a quick breath.

"That's it," said Harry. "Breathe. For as long as you are in my bindings, you are under my protection. You know I'm good for that."

Snape nodded wordlessly while Harry did the second cuff. Harry considered whether to bind his ankles as well. Not with Snape standing, he decided; it would take from, rather than add to, his security here. He started even more lightly than he had for Draco, with a whirling brush of just the tips of the tails. Severus made a choking noise.

"Yes?" Harry asked, pausing to lay a hand on his back.

"That was ... soft."

"Yeah, it is, used like that." Harry trailed the scarlet leather strips of the flogger in a wavy path down Severus's back. It was scarred, he saw, in two jagged paths, and one straight line. "And like this. Are you okay?"

"No. I'm bound in front of a werewolf with a whip."

His voice shook. Harry stroked down his back again. "But you know you're safe, right?"

"Not really."

"This isn't required. Just say stop, and I will."

Snape's head moved in a jerky acknowledgement, and Harry lifted his hand and stepped back. "Now, here's what Draco found too light."

He did the quick line of strikes again, letting the tails spread. After he had covered Severus's back twice, the man's shoulders finally settled down from his ears, and Harry paused to stroke him with the crimson leather again. Draco was openly looking up at them now, although lazily. Harry stroked down the side of Severus's trousers, dragging the fabric taut enough to give Draco a view.

"All right?"

"Yes, damn it!"

"Ready for a little rougher?"

Snape's breath hissed in through his teeth. "Yes."

"Good." Harry began a series of even, steady blows -- nothing that would really sting, but a slow build of force. "Breathe."

"I am --"

"Breathe."

Draco pushed himself up on one elbow, and Severus saw him. Harry paused, stopping to brush his hand over the pink lines he was leaving on Severus's back. He continued the touch down his thigh again, and then forward. Severus whined as Harry rubbed over his cock.

"Mm. I think someone doesn't mind me being a pervert. Shall I ask Draco if he's up to sucking that for a moment?"

Severus made a shuddering noise of consent, and Draco laughed shakily.

"I think I can sit up. Here...." He crawled under the bar and helped Harry with unfastening buttons and pushing aside fabric. They uncovered pale skin, black curls, and a blunt, thick cock, whose maroon coloration seemed a better match for the hair than the rest of the exposed skin. Draco ran his tongue over it, and made a slight face. Guessing, Harry reached for his wand and cast a subtle cleaning spell. With a little nod, Draco tried again, stretching his lips over the head, this time.

"I--" Severus soundly sounded panicked. "I should not--"

"Shh." Harry said, settling close behind him. He had to work not to rock against that tight arse. "Isn't he good? Such a wicked tongue on him -- this way, too."

"Uh! Yes, yes, so--" Severus shook. Harry watched, stroking his sides while Draco licked and sucked his erection, until he thought he might be moving too close to orgasm.

"Stop for a moment, Draco," he ordered. "I get another turn now."

Severus seemed utterly befuddled by Draco pulling away. He stood, motionless, until Harry brought the flogger down again, with almost the force of his last blows.

"Shall I go on?"

"Yes--" Severus shook his head. "What do I call you?"

A significant question, Harry thought. Potter was his father, and that had always been a problem between them. "Harry," he said.

"Just --"

"If you were my pack, you might call me 'alpha', but you are not." He brought the flogger down hard again. "I won't have any other title. Not from you."

"Stop!"

Harry pulled a third blow, the change in motion so abrupt that he knew he would feel it in his shoulder in the morning. "Shall I let you go?" he demanded.

"No, I just-- No. Go on."

Nodding, Harry resumed, going fractionally lighter. He had been pushing, after all, letting his own agitation affect him. He kept at it until Severus settled into the faster, harder, pace, and then held there. After what felt like several minutes, he paused to catch his breath.

"Draco?"

Draco came up to his knees again and licked up Severus's cock while Harry snugged up close against his arse. He didn't try to keep himself from rocking this time, although he left his jeans on.

"That's it," he soothed. "You need some time feeling things. It's so easy to give up on that. You're safe here." Until I bite you, he couldn't help thinking, savage and excited at the prospect. He rubbed harder. Severus was shaking, straining. Harry reached up and covered his arms, holding the bar next to his hands. "Draco's so hot, taking you down like that. He's regretted not having the experience to jump you, do you know that? When you were moving him from hiding place to hiding place. I bet he was showing you skin every chance he got."

Severus whined, a tense, needy sound that made Harry want to bite him. Hold off, hold off -- don't want him to panic. Harry shoved hard against him. "Don't you want to come for me? Don't you want to come down his throat? Gotta watch him milk you with his tongue, like he does--"

Severus wailed and spasmed, going rigid under Harry's body and Draco choked and recovered. Desperate to use his teeth, Harry twisted to bite his own arm. As soon as his teeth closed, his brain and body flooded with white fire, and he hauled Severus in tight.
"Oh."

"I'm going to let him down, Harry, is that okay?"

"Hm?" Harry felt like he'd passed out. He was still standing, but Severus was shivering, and the wet mess in his jeans was spreading through the rough weave. "God, yeah. I came in my pants. Bath? He should be someplace warm."

"Mm. You two lie down for a moment. I'll draw it."

That made sense. The bath was large and took a while to fill. Draco draped a blanket over them, and Harry curled up to Severus, draping a leg over him and thinking this should feel stranger than it did.

"I ... Should I...."

"S'alright. We overloaded you."

"That was--" Severus took a deep breath. "I should be terrified, I just can't--"

"The point, right? You should stop being terrified."

"But you're monsters." Snape sounded almost plaintive, and Harry was more amused than offended.

"Sort of. Sometimes. But as you said -- well, implied -- who isn't? We're rather nice ones, I think."

"Arrogance."

"Yeah, but I bet you could learn to like it."

Severus was silent, but he wasn't tensing up, yet. Before Harry could decide if he should do something, Draco came to fetch them.

When Harry had bought Stag's Run Lodge, the limited electricity -- the water pump, water heater, and a few lights -- had been powered by a propane generator. After a few days of magic making the lights flicker and strobe alarmingly, Harry had pulled the fuses for everything but the water pump, which was far enough away from the living areas that it tended to work reliably. Eventually, they had run out of propane, and Hermione had encased the tank in explosion containment charms, and Harry had hired someone to do plumbing charms and to update the primitive bathroom.

It was luxurious. The bath was a wide oval that would easily hold three. In a shared glance, Harry and Draco decided that Severus should go between them, while Severus, contrarily, seemed belatedly self-conscious.

"Perhaps I should leave the two of you--"

"Not for another day and a half," Harry said cheerfully. "Besides, the point was to warm you, as well as cleaning me."

Reluctantly, Severus stepped into the bath and started to sit down. At the first touch of the water to the lines on his arse, he gasped and tried to stand again, but Draco was ready for this and pressed on his shoulders, pushing him down with a splash that slopped water onto the floor.

"Wait," he commanded. "I know the feeling, but it only hurts for a few seconds. Sit and adjust."

Severus hissed and settled, and Harry stroked the back of his neck. "There. Move lower; you can lean against me. Draco, would you please wash his hair? It's heavy as a thestral's mane."

Severus made a face. "I do not want to be washed."

"Well, we've already tried pinning you down and licking you," Draco shot back, but Severus was already leaning pliantly into Harry. Draco fingered his hair. "Hm. What we use won't do. Harry, do we still have that clove and sandalwood stuff that Padma left here?"

For answer, Harry grabbed his wand from the shelf by the bath and Summoned Padma's toiletries. "Here."

"I don't--" Severus tried, but Draco was already working shampoo through the thick mess and into his scalp. Lazily, Harry slid a hand up and helped a little with the back of his neck. Severus made a strangled noise and pressed against him.

"It's all right," Harry murmured as Draco rinsed the shampoo out and started a second round of it. "We'll take care of you."

"I don't need--"

"Oh, yes you do. You're an absolute mess. When was the last time you left your flat before coming here? Interacted with anyone but customers?"

"I don't see that that is your concern," Severus answered, but his voice was muffled against Harry's shoulder.

"But it could be." Harry stroked him idly while Draco levitated the suds and grime from the bath water to the sink. "If I was your alpha."

Severus stiffened. "I... I'm not a werewolf."

"Ah. True."

Draco distracted Severus by putting something else on his hair. Severus actually twisted to look at him. "Stop that!"

"It's a conditioner, and you need it, because it's the only way I'll get this detangled. Harry, would you help?"

"Of course. I'll take this side."

They worked quietly, at one point kissing each other behind Severus's head while their fingers continued. Severus sat, at first sullenly, and then just quietly. At last Draco declared the effort successful, rinsed the conditioner out and freshened the water again. Harry warmed it once that was done, and they smiled at each other.

Severus shifted away. "What am I doing here?"

"Getting clean?" Harry suggested flippantly.

Draco covered his mouth for a moment. "Improving your brewing," he said seriously.

"I strongly doubt this will do anything for my potions."

"No, he's right," Harry said. "You spend all this time and effort on the Wolfsbane potion, but you refuse to observe anything about the people and the condition that you're trying to treat. Spend the month with us, Severus. Spend this moon -- or a few."

Snape's shoulders drew up and in. "And if you bite me?"

Harry shrugged. "Would your life be any worse as a werewolf?" He met Snape's eyes. "As my werewolf?"

Snape stared back, paralyzed, but whether from fear or doubt, Harry could not tell. Draco cleared his throat.

"It seems to me that to worry is to distrust your own skill. You will have brewed our potion, after all."

Severus took a deep breath. "I want your promise," he said, turning to Harry. "Your promise that neither of you will bite me."

"Oh, very well." Behind the man's back, Draco sent him a sharp look, but Harry just smiled. Accepting a promise was trust, after all, and he did not need to turn Severus this moon.

Another month. No, two. By April, he would allow it. By May, he will ask.
Harry was woken by Severus easing his way out of bed. The man was three steps away when Harry rolled over and smiled at him.

"Going somewhere?" he asked.

Snape drew himself up. "As the two of you have had your sport," he said coldly, "I thought that I might be excused."

"No."

"You don't have the courage to change your mind, do you?" Snape sneered. "You said it would be three days, with no more thought than you'd choose breakfast, and it will be three days, even if you're so bored that you resort to sharing me with your lover for entertainment. You're going to punish me forever, even though I helped you."

"Am I punishing you?" Harry asked mildly. Beside him, Draco was stirring. "I thought I'd stopped, last night."

"So I may leave?" Severus sneered.

"No." Sighing, Harry sat up. This wasn't going to be settled quickly. "That isn't punishment." He studied Severus for a moment. The man was all tension again. Except for the oddly clean hair -- ragged, now that it was untangled -- it might have been two days ago. "Flogging you wasn't either, you know."

"Then what was it?"

"Pleasure, of course," Draco drawled, looking over Harry's ribs at Severus. "You seemed to agree."

Severus hesitated. "A confusion of sensation," he said firmly, "brought on by its excess."

Draco snorted. Harry shrugged. "Let's make this explicit," he said. "You are required to stay with us for another day and night. That requirement does not include participating -- that's your choice, if we offer. Furthermore, I forgive you for being an utter bastard to me when I was a child and had done nothing to deserve it. You've been treated like crap since the war, and I consider us even."

Severus looked furious. "I cannot leave the country!" he snarled. "I cannot carry my wand more than ten feet away from my cauldrons! Every beetle eye that I buy is recorded by the Ministry. You may do anything you wish to me -- including, as I have been gleefully told, killing me, and you are making me go THREE DAYS WITHOUT MY WAND. This is the balance of humiliating you in lessons?"

Harry was not intimidated. "I did nothing to deserve how you treated me."

"And I did? I HELPED you!"

"You played both sides. You favored ours, I believe -- you're sane enough -- but there were points where you could have broken away and dealt a decisive blow, and instead you hedged your bets."

"You needed someone on the other side," Severus hissed. "A source--"

"That wasn't how you helped us," Harry retorted sharply. "You helped us kill Voldemort by brewing Draco Wolfsbane, not by being a spy." He let out a breath, and tried to let some of the old anger go with it. "Really, Severus -- that's what you're best at -- potions. And I do think you helped us more than you did Voldemort, though more important people may not be convinced. Now come back under the blankets; you're shivering."

"No," Draco said.

"What?" Harry looked between them. Draco looked determined and haughty, but Severus almost alarmed.

"He's not pack, Harry. I didn't mind last night on the spur of the moment, but I won't have him in our bed again."

"Are you jealous?" It might not have been the best thing to blurt out if Harry had been right, but he could tell by Draco's quick twitch of a smile that he hadn't been. It was a ploy, then; a flicker of bait for the pack member Draco wanted.

Before Draco could speak, Severus stepped forward with oily grace. "You should not permit him to speak to you that way, Harry."

Draco laughed scornfully, and Harry pushed his hair back in exasperation. So that was Snape's problem, was it? He wasn't expected to allow Draco to have an opinion?

"Stop it," he said. He glared at Draco's smirk. "Both of you." The look turned to Severus and softened ruefully. "I told you that you don't understand us, and this is just the sort of thing I mean. Draco has not only the right, but the charge to tell me when he feels I am making a mistake, even if it's just over-extending."

"Especially if it is over-extending," Draco corrected. "I am Granger's balance in that -- she can't find a home for mangy Puffskeins without wanting Harry to sponsor it. But I also intervene when people try to take advantage of him." Scorn twisted his features again. "Did you think to gain his favor for so little, Severus? A few minutes' submission that you enjoyed as much as he did?"

Harry watched Severus closely. There was scarcely a flicker of his eyes before he recovered, but the flicker was there, and his dignity was definitely shredded by standing naked, shivering with cold. Harry would not be surprised if he had hoped for that -- but after all, it was in line with what Draco had proposed. He restrained himself from sending a blanket towards the man. It would be interesting to see if he would ask for one.

"Enough, Draco," he said firmly. "And don't make me say it a third time." He lounged back against his pillow. "Instead of taunting him, tell me what you think I should do."

Draco shrugged. "You are welcome to play with him, if you wish," he said. "I certainly find him no threat. What you will not do is intervene with Kingsley on his behalf, offer to support him, or allow him undue intimacy, such as sleeping in our bed. You have enough people to protect. He is not pack, you do not love him, and you are not responsible for his degraded state. You should save your energies for people who matter to you, and whose loyalty you can depend on."

Severus straightened at that, as if he would speak, but did not.

Harry pretended to consider. "That's all true--" Another twitch of motion from Severus, but again, no words. "However, he is also my prisoner, really, so I think I do owe him a measure of comfort in my house, until I allow him to leave."

Draco curled in his fingers in their signal for 'yes', and Harry turned to Severus. "Here," he said, and with a wave of his wand, sent the uppermost blanket sailing over to him. Severus lost no time in wrapping it around himself. "In your own home," Harry questioned, "how do you handle the wand issue? If I put a cauldron in the kitchen, would you be able to use your wand there?"

"If it was one of my cauldrons--"

"And if he attacks you?" Draco interrupted. Harry snorted.

"Honestly! It may be common belief that he's too clever by half, but I've never heard anyone accuse him of ignoring his own best interest. He won't do anything so idiotic, I'm sure."

"Of course not, Harry," Severus answered immediately, with a glare at Draco. "I didn't spend years keeping you alive in order to mindlessly turn on you."

Draco was not put off. "You kept him alive to kill Voldemort for you," he scoffed. "Which is over and done."

"Did I not tell you to SHUT IT?" Harry roared. Draco went flat on the mattress. Harry could tell he was chortling into his pillow, but from Severus's distance he must have looked alarmed. "Severus. You have an hour off. Go and sort exotic toenails or something. At the end of that, meet us in the kitchen. You may bring a cauldron to leave there."

Severus gave a nervous bow. "As you wish," he said, and departed.

After he had left, Harry cast a noise block on the door and lay down beside Draco. "So, Slytherin, how much of that was real?"

"Why don't you guess?"

"I think you don't mind him in our bed at all -- you're holding out to have something to tempt him with."

Draco kissed him on the lips and drew back again. "Essentially correct. And?"

"About why he agreed last night ... I'm not sure. He looked alarmed for a second, but I wasn't sure if it was because you were right, or because he thought I'd believe it."

Draco hesitated. "I think that he doesn't fully understand why he did it. That he hoped for your favor is probably the explanation he would give himself."

"But?"

"He was hard when he came to you. You might not have been able to see, but I could. So he might not admit that he wanted your attentions, but logically, I have to believe that he did."

Harry sighed. "Slytherins are crazy, you know."

"No more than anyone else," Draco said brightly. "We're merely the best at obscuring it."

Harry laughed. "Do you still want to keep him?"

"Would I be trying if I didn't?"

"No, probably not." Harry grinned. "Okay. I'll play along. Not too nice."
The next day was comparatively dull. Draco was polite, if haughty, towards Severus, and now that he knew where to look, Harry could practically see Severus trying to calculate his standing, and being frustrated by not knowing how to tell.

At the end of the third day, Harry suggested that Severus continue to spend more time in the common rooms. Severus, he suspected, took that as a command, and was often to be found in the kitchen, where one of his smallest pewter cauldrons now sat beside the stove. He was scrupulously polite and not too forward ... until several evenings later when Draco left for a reception. The flare of Floo travel had no sooner faded than he looked up from his tea at Harry.

"Since we are alone...." he began, and faded off there. Harry eyed him speculatively.

"Yes?"

"I was wondering...." His face reddened. "If you might show me your other whips." He put down his cup. "If it would please you, of course."

Harry felt his blood rising at the thought. "I don't actually have a whip," he answered contrarily. He smiled. "Not a proper one, although I have considered it. What I used on you was a flogger."

Severus clasped his hands in his lap. "I am afraid I don't understand the difference."

"A whip has one -- well, usually one -- long strand, that is always -- well, in my experience -- round. I mean, if you cut across it, you'd have a circle."

"And a flogger?"

Amused at being the expert on something so unimportant, Harry leaned back in his chair. "Has multiple tails, usually flat -- the whole thing is milder than a whip, on average, but they vary a lot based on the weight and width and number of the tails. Oh, and the length of them. And material -- all of mine are some sort of leather."

"And you had stick-like things."

"Crops. Meant for horses, and meant to be mild, but painful if you hit with the shaft." Harry grinned. "Of course, I really whale down with them -- not what one's supposed to do to a horse these days, I'm sure. And a switch, which is more pliant. The flat thing is a paddle, but also leather -- not as rough as wood." His eyes flashed up to meet Snape's. "Would you like a tour of how each feels?"

"I ..." Severus lowered his head. "Yes, please."

Harry wasn't convinced that Severus believed that he wanted it -- but experience led him to believe he could make it true. "I'd enjoy that," he said, rising. He shot Severus a challenging look. "Of course, I'm likely to enjoy it quite a lot, and I don't think rubbing against you until I come in my clothes is going to satisfy me this time."

Severus nodded. "I ... yes. I'll do what you ask."

"Hm." Harry shrugged. "Not exactly inviting, but I suppose it will do." He led the way to his bedroom.
Harry went through each item, demonstrating the harshest qualities only briefly. He spent quite a lot of time with the paddle getting Snape's arse cheeks an even burning pink. The switch, left for last, raised narrow welts across that, and each line left Harry wanting to fuck him more. Finally, he laid it across the top brace of the rack and ran his hands over the marks he had made.

"God, your skin is so hot! I've done quite a job on you."

Severus went unnaturally still. "Yes, Harry."

"Relax, will you? I'm not a Dark Lord." Leaning forward, Harry blew softly along Snape's skin, and the man shuddered. After checking the clock -- had they really been an hour at that? -- he reached for the lube. "Shall we change the pace for a moment?" he murmured, and he stroked down Snape's arse again, exploring the cleft between his cheeks.

"Wha--" Severus tensed.

"Shh." Harry teased a slicked up finger around his hole. "I want your arse, you know. Rather badly."

"It's ... wet."

Harry paused. That indicated an alarming lack of experience. "You've never done this, have you?"

"A few times."

"Oh?" Harry asked disbelievingly.

"In school," Severus muttered. "Once since."

"And some idiot schoolboy took you dry?" Harry demanded. He started to work around the area again, intentionally not pushing in yet.

"I ... Yes?"

"Well, I suppose I don't have to worry about you huffing over the quality of the lubricant, then." Harry reached around and began stroking Snape's cock. "See? Just lube. And if that little interlude brought you down any, you must have been hard as a rock." He ran his lips along the thin outer whorl of one ear. "Draco says you're just playing me, but I don't half believe it. You get so hard when I touch you. Is it just a potion? Or do you want me?"

Severus made a strangled noise. "I want you," he said faintly.

"Yeah? You like it when I mark you up, don't you? All those lines that show I claimed you, even if just for an evening."

Severus was pushing into his hand now, incidentally rocking back against him. Harry smiled to himself and used his other hand to resume rubbing at his hole.

"Merlin," Severus muttered, and Harry made a pleased sound and began to work the tip of his finger in.

"God, you're tight. I doubt I'm getting my cock in there tonight."

"Can't you just push?"

"I'd hurt you!" Harry laughed. "Harm you, I mean."

"Nothing you should worry about," Severus said dismissively. "I know healing spells for there."

"I am not going to leave you needing a healing spell! Honestly!" Abruptly, Harry freed Severus from the cuffs. Severus rubbed at his wrists.

"I did not intend to displease you," he said sourly. "If you will remember, I promised I would do as you said. You were not particularly subtle about stating you would want sex."

"You need to let me say, Severus," Harry countered. "And don't worry, I will. But first we're going to move to a bed." Harry caught his arm. "No, not here. You know Draco's opinion on that. Your room. Let me just grab a few things from my drawer."
In the guest room, Harry flopped down on the bed, but then rolled to his side. "Now," he said, "I want you to suck me. Do you think you can manage that?"

Severus nodded. "Of course."

Still, as he was facing Harry, it was clear he was only half-hard. Still half though, Harry mused. "Not right away, though," he said, and patted the bed in front of him. "Here, first. On your stomach."

Snape's cock gave an interested twitch, Harry noticed. He wondered what the man was thinking. Snape lay down compliantly, and Harry straddled one of his legs. He licked along several of the marks on his back, and then bit at one on his arse. Severus moaned.

"Yeah," Harry muttered. "You like that." Still playing along the marks with his tongue and lips, he resumed toying with Severus's hole.

"M'not gonna fuck you," he muttered against Severus's skin, as he worked the tip of his finger inside. "Not tonight. Just playing a little."

"I will do what you want," Snape said. "I meant it."

"Relax, then."

"I'm trying."

Harry growled and bit again, making the body beneath him jerk forward. He added more lube and pushed his finger in deeper, getting through the inner ring. "That's it." Shifting up, he worked his free hand between Severus and the mattress to grope his cock as well as the space would allow. "You're hard again. I like that." Even as he was speaking, he began to rock his own erection against the back of Snape's leg. "And I'm fucking aching. I want that blowjob." He bit again as Severus tried to squirm away. "No. Want. But not yet." Snape was starting to loosen around his twisting finger. He reached deeper. "Yeah. Good."

Snape's breath caught, and Harry laughed, the sound low and shaky. "Very good." He let go of Severus's erection and reached for one of the things he had brought from the other room. "Now, I'm going to put a harness on you. Just let the straps tighten -- they know where to go." A whispered charm, and the heap of leather began to move, like an untangling nest of snakes. They slithered across Severus, one encircling each thigh, and two connecting straps unfolded to let another wind around his waist. Smooth brass buckles tightened on each.

"What is it?"

"You'll see." Smoothly, Harry slid his finger out and set a slender butt plug in its place. He pushed and twisted, coaxing it in.

"That's not your finger."

"No, but it's scarcely wider. Relax again. It's just a little toy."

"I ... May I ask what it does?"

"Since I haven't told you not to, yes. It's going to keep you that much open until I take it out." Harry slid a connector down the two wide snaps that came from Snape's waist. "And this will help it stay in while you suck me." In a quick fall to the side, he was on his back, displaying a blood-dark erection. Deliberately, he stroked his hand up it, holding tight over the head for a moment before lifting his hand away. "Come on. Do it now."

Awkwardly, Severus crawled over to him. Without preliminaries, he took Harry's cock in his mouth and began loosely to move up and down. It was wet and hot and nicely deep, if not at all nuanced. Severus went until he was gagging, then moved up, caught a breath, and started again. Harry began to develop the uncomfortable feeling that he wasn't enjoying it at all.

"Hey," Harry said after the third time, "it doesn't have to all be that deep, you know."

"Sorry." Severus looked up. "You're not moving."

"Nah, I thought I'd let you do the work." Harry kept his tone light, although again, the comment worried him. "Don't want to choke you. Though actually, you seem to be doing that on your own."

Severus looked thoughtful for a moment, and then his face twisted. "Rabastan had this sport," he said quickly.

"With you?"

"No, but -- He would take a girl down the throat until she threw up, and then make her clean it."

Horrified, Harry stared at him.

"I'm afraid I am not entirely sure what you want, after all," Severus confessed.

"Right." Harry bit his lip and tried to refocus. "If Draco was here, I'd have him show you. Do you remember what he did to you?"

"Vaguely. It was wonderful, but..."

"But it's all a haze from ... what did you call it? An excess of sensation."

"Yes."

The logical solution, Harry thought, would be to move into a reciprocating position and have Severus attempt to mimic what was done to him. He found himself reluctant to do that. The thought of Draco giving Severus lessons on pleasing him had taken hold, and was too sweet an image to spoil with overly explicit instruction.

"Swing around so you're perpendicular to me," he said.

"Why?"

"Because I told you to!" Harry answered, but when Severus had moved, he reached over and stroked his hip, and then his wilted cock. "Because I like touching," he elaborated. "I want you in reach. Now, I want you to wrap your hand around the base of my cock, okay?"

Severus looked briefly amused. "As you wish."

"What are you thinking?"

"That you are shameless, as well as pushy."

Harry grinned. "But you're starting to get hard, again."

"Of course I am," Severus said loftily. The effect of the tone was rather altered by having him naked on his knees and elbows, Harry thought. "I'm being fondled."

"Add a little flattery," Harry coaxed, and Severus shivered.

"Fondled quite expertly by a handsome young man," he amended.

"Very nice." Harry stretched overhead to reach his wand, and with a tap set the butt plug to moving slightly inside Severus. "There's a little more sensation for you to ride on. Now just put your mouth over the head of my cock and explore. See how many ways you can use your tongue, or your lips, or the sides of your mouth. No deeper than you can go with your hand in place, now. Draco will instruct you on deeper."

That worked better. Harry was vocal when Severus did something right, and Severus responded eagerly, pumping mindlessly into his hand as he inexpertly serviced Harry with his mouth. Images of Draco's lessons raced through Harry's head until the combined sensation brought him to his peak. Severus coughed a little, but swallowed all of it, and Harry slid down under him.

"What are you--?"

"I'm going to suck you," Harry stretched up to lick at his erection. "Because I like it, understand? You have a gorgeous cock." He took it in his mouth and rolled around the tip of it, while with his hands he undid the buckle on the strap around Severus's waist. With just a little nudge, the upper straps tumbled down, giving him access to the butt plug, which he moved in concert with his mouth.

Severus came silently and copiously, flooding his mouth with thick and bitter fluid.
"Was I adequate?"

"Yes." Harry had moved back up to use the pillow, but Severus had lain down in place, his cheek resting on Harry's thigh. With a satisfied sigh, Harry ran his fingers through Severus's hair. It was fairly clean -- he vaguely remembered Draco going after him about it the day before, perhaps to some effect. "And it would be hot to turn you over to Draco for instruction," he said lustfully. "Would you like that? Being told precisely how to please me?" He tugged at the hair in his fingers, but Severus either didn't understand the signal or ignored it.

"I doubt that would be advisable, considering Mr. Malfoy's attitude towards me."

"Don't take that too seriously. Hey. Come up and lie beside me, dammit. Don't you know anything?"

"This is, I'm afraid, outside my areas of expertise."

"Apparently. Kiss me."

"But I just--"

"Believe me, I'm happily aware where your mouth has been, and I expect you to deal with where mine has been. Now kiss me."

Severus was clumsy at that too, but acquired direction from example. Harry murmured his pleasure as their lips parted.

"Draco would do it," he said. "And if you're enjoying me as much as I think you are, he's the one you need to win over." He kissed Severus again, quickly. "You seem to be holding my interest."

"Why isn't that sufficient? He obeys you, from what I've seen."

"So? I want him happy. He's my lover, my packmate, and as wolves we're -- there is no single word to express everything he is to me. His opinion on this household is as important as mine. You can't ignore him and stay past the month."

Severus considered this. "But if he accepted me?" he asked.

"Perhaps. Most likely." Harry nudged him. "Try talking to him tomorrow -- I'll be off in London."

"London? Whatever for?"

"Oh." Harry rolled onto his back and stared up at the ceiling. He could feel his face heating. "I'm, uh, pardoning Lupin. Officially. I've still told him -- via Black -- to stay away from me and Britain."

"You're what?" Severus snapped. "That irresponsible imbecile? Why?"

"I'm just .... I realized I was tired of it. All that baggage. Vengeance." He looked at Severus finally. "Don't you ever get tired of it?"

Severus stared back at him for a very long time. Finally, he looked away, down at the bedcovers.

"Perhaps."

"Right." Harry rolled back onto his side. "So forget it. What did it ever get you?" He grabbed the dangling strap from the harness and yanked Severus close. "This is better."

Epilogue 

"Don't worry," Harry soothed, as he eased the wide flare of the butt plug into their bound and prepared prisoner. "You'll like it."

"And if I don't?" Severus snapped. The acid bite of his question suffered from a catch in his breath as the plug slid further in, stretching him wider.

"Hm. Well, then it will just have be enough that Draco likes it."

Draco sniggered, but his expression softened as he approached. "You know you'll enjoy it, Severus."

"I don't recall that you enjoyed it with Fenrir."

"That was just mocking me, and you know it! I was terrified, I was injured, and I was being tortured." Draco dropped down to a crouch in front of Severus, and ran his thumb down his cheek. "Most importantly," he said softly "I didn't want to be his."

Harry lifted their prisoner's hair and kissed the back of his neck. "And you want to be ours, don't you Severus?"

With a catch of breath, Severus nodded. "Just -- the binding. I want my wand."

"I know." Harry kissed him again. Gently, he tugged at the ring they had attached to the end of the plug, making it shift inside Severus, who gasped. "But you're afraid. And if you panicked and ran, you'd be too proud to come back, and you do want this. We discussed it. You agreed to it a week ago."

"That was a week ago!" Severus protested, and Harry managed not to laugh. It was minutes until moonrise -- he could feel the queasy shifting of his innards as it neared -- and he couldn't blame Severus for being afraid.

"We'll let you loose if something goes wrong," he promised. He tipped his head at the few strands of leather holding the cuffs looped over the lower bar in the bedroom. "My wolf can chew through those in minutes." Confidently, he slid a hand down to play with Severus's soft cock. "And Draco does so want to fuck you. It will be therapeutic for him -- for all of us, I think." The queasy feeling was intensifying, but it mingled with a strange lust, now. Severus smelled good -- of fear and man and lubricated silicone -- and his cock was swelling in Harry's hand. Harry pushed up against him.

"I hope I can let him," he muttered. "I'm going to want you first. I get you first."

Draco lifted his head from biting their prisoner's nipples. "Oh, you can go first," he said, "as long as I get him too. Would you like that, Severus?" he said coaxingly. "Both of us in you? Claiming you?"

"You'll lose control," Severus said. "You'll lose control, and I'll bleed to death, and you'll probably eat me--"

"Oh, believe me," Draco drawled, "if I eat you, you'll enjoy it."

"You'll be fine," Harry soothed. "I'll bite you right before moonset, in case something goes wrong, but nothing will. You brewed the Wolfsbane potion; it will work. You stayed with us last moon, remember?"

"Yes, but--" Severus let out an angry huff. "I've changed my mind. I want my wand."

Draco squirmed and whined. Harry felt his voice drop into a growl.

"Too late."
There was sweat on his skin, and then there was pain, and then he was fully where he was, as a wolf should be. His supplicant was there, babbling and reeking of fear, but he smelled of something else, too. The wolf and his love both licked and explored, until the man screamed himself out and went limp and silent. He found the ring and remembered. It was easy to grab in his teeth and pull; they had made it for that, he knew. It came out with a wet sound and a familiar scent. 

The man twitched. He moved again, but not to struggle. Instead he quickly rolled to approximate the pose of a standing wolf, offering his opened body as clearly as if he had a tail to lift. He was panting.

With an eager whine, the wolf reared up onto the man, pressing down on his shoulders. A few frantic thrusts and he was in, and it was hot, and it was good, and he twitched forward as his body responded again and again, filling their supplicant. His mate, his beta --Draco, his Draco -- was licking his bollocks, their bollocks, eager for their taste, eager for his turn. Emptied, the wolf rolled down, taking the man with him, and lay still, waiting to shrink down and watching Draco move his licking to the supplicant's front. 

The man was sobbing now, but his fear smell was fading, and his lust smell rising, and he was pulsing forward against Draco's eager tongue. The wolf licked too, thoughtfully, at his shoulder. This would be a good place to bite. No. No, he remembered. They had chosen another spot, and he had to wait. After all, they wanted a new packmate, not a meal, and a man's skin was so fragile. 

He slipped out of the man, finally, and watched him get up again -- watched in lazy satisfaction as his Draco entered him in turn. Yes. He would do well.