The Surprise Girlfriend Stripper
by Amyscute2000©


I am currently dating a graduate student who attends my school named Eric. 
Things had been going really well and our sex life has been amazing. Over the 
past few weeks however, he has been hinting and joking that he wants to have a 
three-way with me and one of his friends. When he first brought it up, I joked 
back "Oh yeah, which one of your friends?" and he answered back "I don't care 
honey, any one of them!" It has usually come up when we are fooling around right 
before sex and I wasn't sure if he was serious or not. 

Some of his friends are cute, all of them are older (in their late 20's and 
early 30's) and I found myself thinking about it a little bit. Since Eric is 
older and in grad school, he doesn't know about my past "history" as someone who 
likes to have fun. After a few weeks, he began to bring up the subject of a 
three-way more and more, and although I was secretly thinking about trying it, I 
continued to tell him that it was out of the question. It seemed that the more 
out of the question I made it seem, the more he joked about it.

His 30th birthday was coming up on October 27th, right before Halloween, and he 
told me that his friends were going to throw him a private party at his friend 
Todd's apartment and that I couldn't come. "It's just for the guys" he said. 
Well, a few days before Eric's birthday, we were out a bar with Eric and his 
friends. Eric got up to go to the bar to get some drinks. His friend Todd 
reached for his wallet to get some money to give to Eric when I saw a card fall 
out of his wallet. I saw a picture of a woman on the card so I reached down and 
snatched it up. In bright pink letters it said "Tina's Dancers & Escorts." It 
had phone numbers and a picture of a cheap looking stripper. I looked at Todd 
and he flushed bright red as I handed him back the card and smiled. "Lonely 
Todd?" I said jokingly. He flushed even brighter red and quickly put it back in 
his wallet. Eric and the other guys were busy handling money and giving it to 
Eric for the round of drinks so none of them saw the exchange between me and 
Todd or saw that I had seen the card.

The next day, after sobering up from the night of drinking, I remembered the 
card Todd had in his wallet and put two and two together. They must be getting a 
stripper for Eric's party I thought. I wanted to find out for sure so I quickly 
pulled out the town yellow pages and found Tina's Dancers & Escorts. I called 
them and a woman answered the phone. I asked her if they had a party scheduled 
for that Saturday at Todd's apartment, crossing my fingers because I didn't know 
Todd's last name. "Yeah we do, Todd Walker, 10 pm, why do you want to know?" 

I explained to her that it was for my boyfriend's birthday party. "Oh I see, we 
get that a lot, jealous are you, well don't worry darling, when Todd and his 
friend called up a few days ago, they asked me about both strippers and escorts. 
They were arguing about which one to get but eventually decided on a stripper." 
Both relieved and intrigued, I asked her what she told them about escorts. She 
said "I told them that our escorts would do whatever the guys wanted, but only 
for one guy, and that's when they started arguing. I told them that the stripper 
would give lap dances for all the guys and 'play around' a little bit if they 
paid extra. Then I told them that we have a few girls who are both escorts and 
strippers but that they are extra. They debated that for a minute amongst 
themselves but then settled on a stripper." 

Feeling both jealous and excited about a stripper giving Eric a lap dance, a 
light when off in my head. I told the woman on the phone "Listen, what would it 
take for you to cancel their stripper. I am going to go myself and have a little 
fun with them." The woman said, "Well we would have to get paid, I don't want 
them calling up complaining the next day or that night." I told her that I would 
pay myself and she said that she would have no problem with that. I borrowed 
the money from a friend and went down to Tina's office that afternoon and paid 
them in advance for the stripper that they weren't even going to send. The woman 
gave me Todd's address and reminded me that I was supposed to be there at 10 pm. 
She also told me that my name was supposed to be "Alex" short for Alexandria.

I started thinking about what I wanted to do. This was going to be the best joke 
I ever played on anyone! I knew I didn't want Eric and the guys to recognize me 
so I had to do some things to make myself look very different. Eric had the 
first draft of his thesis due that Monday and he said he wanted to have it done 
before his birthday so I knew I wouldn't see him at all before the party. I 
shaved all of my pubic hair off (for the first time in my life by the way).

Doing that made me feel sexy instantly! I only had 4 days before the party, so I 
went to a tanning saloon everyday and laid in the tanning bed completely nude so 
that every inch of me would be tan. The day before the party I also went 
downtown to a tattoo place and got a few temporary henna tattoos. Henna tattoos 
are only one color, but they don't wear off for about a week so I knew it would 
look good. I got a big tattoo of a butterfly just above the middle of my ass on 
my lower back, a band around my right arm, and a small ring around my belly 
button. I also went shopping and bought an outfit and a "lone ranger" type mask 
to wear. I dyed my hair back to blonde, which it had been for my first few years 
of college.

When Saturday came I was really nervous. Deciding that I had done too much and 
that it would be silly to back out, I began to think about how excited I really 
was to do this. I showered and shaved myself again and began to get dressed. I 
put on black g-string panties, and see thru skin tight white pants, so that you 
could see the g-string under the pants. I also put on a black bikini top and a 
black belly t-shirt that said "Boy Toy" in white letters printed on the front, 
which I had found at a thrift store downtown. I put on bright red lipstick and a 
lot of make up and a little bit of face paint which my roommate had for 
Halloween. 

I put my hair into pig tails, which I never wore in front of Eric and his 
friends, and put on the mask. I stood up and looked into the mirror. I looked so 
completely different even with clothes on! I smiled as I knew that being shaven, 
tan, and with tattoos, Eric and the guys would never know it was me. I put on a 
pair of black, 3" spiked heels, and a black leather jacket that covered my ass, 
which luckily also covered the g-string which was visible through the pants. I 
got in my car and set out towards Todd's apartment.

On the way, I stopped into a convenient store for some gum and mints, and nearly 
froze when I saw Mike, one of my ex boyfriend Adam's friends. He looked right at 
me, looked up and smiled and said "Well hello beautiful, what's your name?" I 
smiled back, relieved knowing that if Mike couldn't recognize me, nobody else 
could either. I bought some mints and went back to my car and drove over to 
Todd's apartment. I parked my car three blocks away so nobody would see it. I 
had three airplane bottles of Jack Daniels in my glove compartment and sat in 
the car for a few minutes trying to psych myself up. I drank all three bottles 
of whiskey and finally started to relax and feel good. I put a mint in my mouth 
to cover the Jack Daniels and got out of my car and walked over to Todd's 
building.

When I got there I rang his buzzer, I heard Todd on the intercom call down and 
say "Who's there?"

"It's me Alex, from Tina's" I said in a deliberately squeaky voice so he 
wouldn't recognize it. He buzzed me up and I took the elevator up to Todd's 
apartment on the 16th floor. When I got to his apartment, Todd opened the door 
and looked at me and gave me an ear to ear smile. "You must be Alex, come on 
in!" I walked into his apartment and saw Eric and his friends sitting in the 
living room. There were about 8 of them altogether and they seemed pretty drunk. 
I recognized all of them right away, having met them all several times with 
Eric. I asked Todd to show me to the bathroom so I could get ready. He walked me 
through the living room and all eyes turned to stare at me. I took off my jacket 
as I walked through the living room. When they saw my g-string and tattoo 
through my pants, they all started catcalling and whistling.

One guy said "Oh my, we've got a live one here!" As I followed Todd down the 
hall I smiled, realizing that they were not going to recognize me at all! Before 
going into the bathroom I told Todd that Tina's had hooked them up, and that I 
was a "friendly stripper" and that they had sent me for the same price as a 
regular stripper. "You mean you work as an escort too!" I nodded yes. His grin 
got even bigger if that were possible. I asked for my money up front, and he 
handed a wad bills which I quickly put into my purse. He asked if I was going to 
take the mask off, and I told him I would during the performance. I told him 
that my rules were that all of the guys must remain seated and keep their hands 
to themselves unless I asked them to get up or gave them permission to touch me. 
He said he would tell the other guys and I went into the bathroom to prepare 
myself.

I looked into the bathroom mirror for a few minutes, fixing my makeup and 
adjusting my mask. I took a deep breath and left the bathroom and walked down 
the hall back to the living room. Sitting in a folding chair, in the middle of 
the room, was Eric. He also had an ear to ear smile and appeared to be really 
drunk as well. The rest of the guys were sitting in chairs in around the room as 
well. I looked at Todd and asked for some dance music. He adjusted the radio and 
put on some dance/house music. I handed Todd my purse and told him to hold it in 
case I needed it later. He peeked inside, smiled and said "Oh boy!" and sat back 
down. I began to dance around. I asked in my squeaky voice if everybody knew my 
rules and they all nodded yes in unison. 

I danced around Eric mostly for a few minutes, bending over every now and then, 
and rubbing my chest through my belly shirt. When I decided it was time to start 
losing my clothes, I walked over and stood right in front of Eric. I felt the 
blood rush up into my head and my heart start to race. I trembled a little as I 
looked around the room at the guys, leaned in towards Eric, and with both hands 
pulled my belly shirt over my head and through it towards one of the guys. I 
leaned in towards Eric and buried his face between my chest and wiggled around. 
After about 5 seconds I pulled away and looked right into Eric's eyes. "Did you 
like that?" I said. "I sure did baby," he replied. You have the most amazing 
tits I have ever seen!" Hearing that let me know for sure that there was no way 
he knew who I was. He had often joked around with me that my chest was great, 
but a little to small for him. I turned by back to Eric, sat on his lap, and 
asked him to untie my bikini top. He undid it in a flash and I stood up and let 
it fall to the floor. I caught Todd's eyes looking right at my tanned breasts 
and saw him wink at me and call me over. 

I danced over to him and sat down on his lap facing him and began to grind him. 
Music pulsing way, guys cheering, including Eric, I leaned back and with one 
hand took the back of his head and pulled his face down onto my chest. His mouth 
immediately found my right nipple and he began to suck and lick away! The guys 
went nuts, and Todd switched back and forth between my left and right breasts. I 
felt my nipples get rock hard, and I was sure I was beginning to get wet. I 
couldn't believe it, here I was just 5 feet from my boyfriend, and Todd was 
sucking my tits and nobody even knew who I was! A feeling of power and lust came 
over me. I was probably from the Jack Daniels the music, and what I was wearing. 
After about a minute, I climbed off if Todd and began dancing again. 

All of the other guys kept motioning me over to them, each hoping that I would 
let them suck on my chest too. I danced back over in front of Eric and began to 
undo the front of my pants. I turned my back on Eric, put my feet together and 
bent over as I slid them down my legs. I sat on Eric's lap again and pulled them 
over my black heels (with great difficulty I might add). I heard Eric whisper 
under his breath that he loved my tattoo and wished his girlfriend would get 
one. I said "I bet your girlfriend doesn't do this either" and I began to grind 
my butt into his crotch. After a while, I put his legs together and sat in the 
middle of his thighs and leaned back into his chest. I put my legs up in the air 
in a "V" shape and spread them as wide as I could while keeping my balance. Eric 
put his hands under my underarms and grabbed my shoulder's to help me. With both hands, I reached down and pulled as hard as I could at the string that held my 
panties together. I snapped easily, and I yanked them pulling them away from my 
body. As I did this, I gave Marty, a guy sitting right in front of me, a fully 
view of my "lower area" He immediately yelled out, "Oh my god guys! She's bald!" 
I felt Eric's face peek down over my shoulder to get a better look.

I leaned forward and climbed off of Eric and began to dance around the room 
again, wearing nothing but my mask, spiked heels and a smile. The guys seemed to 
love the fact that I was shaved, and had no tan lines. The guys started begging 
me to take off my mask, and it was getting kind of itchy but I knew I couldn't 
take it off just yet. I danced over to one of Eric's cuter friends who I hadn't 
danced for yet and kneeled down in front of him. He looked like a deer caught in 
headlights. Everyone in the room took a deep breath, not sure if I was going to 
do what they thought I was going to do. I reached down and unzipped his jeans.

I asked him to take his butt off of his chair, and as he did so, I slid both his 
jeans and his boxers down to his ankles. I looked up, and saw a rock solid 
erection just inches from my face. My brain was spinning, I knew that if I went 
further than this I might regret it. I heard the guys starting to clap. I looked 
back over my shoulder and I saw Eric clapping and chanting, along with everybody 
else, "Suck his dick, Suck his dick." I took a deep breath myself, opened my 
mouth, and wrapped my lips around his penis. I hadn't been with anybody else 
besides Eric for about 2 months, and I got an immediate head rush as I felt his 
friend's dick in my mouth. 

I began to feel more comfortable and less inhibited and started to really ham it 
up. I began to bob up and down and made loud slurping noises, which was barely 
audible to anyone over the music. I sucked on him for about 2 or 3 minutes when 
I felt his legs tense up and start to shake. Before I knew what to do, he 
spurted his warm cum into my mouth. Both shocked and unprepared, I didn't have 
time to think, and I began to swallow it as fast as I could. The other guys 
realized that he was coming too and got really loud. When he finished, I looked 
up at him. He smiled back down at me and said "That was amazing! Truly truly 
amazing Alex." Still on my knees, I shuffled sideways over to Todd, who already 
has undone his pants and had his penis out. I don't know what came over me, but 
grabbed it and began to lick it up and down lick a lolli-pop, while looking at 
the other guys. With my pigtails, and the fact that I looked like a little girl 
licking a dick like a lollipop, the guys went nuts.

Out of the corner of my eye I saw Eric undo his pants too. I am not sure if that 
made me mad or more excited, knowing that Eric was willing to get a blowjob from 
what he thought was a hooker. As I licked Todd, I asked him to hand me my purse. 
I thought he was going to cum right then and there upon hearing that, but he 
handed it to me at light speed. I reached into it and pulled out a condom. I 
undid the wrapper with my teeth and slid it onto Todd's dick. I motioned to Eric 
and told him to put his chair right in front of Todd's. 

As he pulled it over, I stood up and put Todd's legs together. I turned my back 
to Todd and straddled his legs and lowered myself onto him. Up until then I 
didn't realize how wet I was, but Todd slid right into me. He let out a scream 
of pleasure and I began bouncing up and down on top of him. He felt so good 
inside me. I looked up and saw Eric sitting right in front of us just two feet 
away! I was fucking his friend Todd right in front of him and he didn't' even 
know! I stared into his eyes and saw how excited he was. I jumped off of Todd 
and knelt down in front of Eric and grabbed his penis with my lips and began to 
give him a furious blow job. I heard Todd move his chair out of the way behind 
me. I moved into a doggie style position and felt Todd come up behind me and put 
his dick into me again. He started fucking me while I continued to blow Eric. 
After about a minute, I knew it was time. 

I reached behind my head and snapped the elastic that was holding my mask on and kept blowing Eric. It didn't take long before I felt Eric tense up and he began 
to cum into my mouth. I swallowed most of it, but allowed some to stay on my 
lips and drip down my face. When Eric was finished, with Todd still fucking me, 
I looked up at Eric, with his cum still dripping out of my mouth and down onto 
my chin. In my regular voice I said, "Hi Eric, Happy Birthday!" I watched his 
face turn from a look of confusion, to realization, to anger, and then finally 
into a smile. Nobody else in the room had figured it out yet. I knew Eric 
couldn't get mad, because he had been asking me for a three-way for a while, and 
I had caught him doing what he thought was getting a blow job from a hooker.

As Eric sat there and watched Todd fuck me. I smiled back at him, as I licked 
his cum off of my lips with my tongue. I heard some to the guys say "Holy shit!" 
as they realized who I was, and Todd say "Wait a minute, what's going on?" as he 
slowed his rhythm. I said "Don't worry Todd, its me, Amy, please continue, keep 
fucking me, Fuck me Todd!" I heard him yelp "Holy shit!, sorry Eric, I didn't 
know." I looked up at Eric who gave him an 'it's ok' nod. I felt him dig his 
hands into my ass and he began slamming me from behind again. I looked up at 
Eric and said "Eric, you seem to be finished for now, why don't you go and get 
me a drink of water, and give someone else a chance." With that, he got up and 
headed for the kitchen as one of his friends sat down in his chair.








 