ORFANS: HILDA'S DIARY

A Thick Cambridge Student. Conclusion

BY PENT

Part 6

Monday, June 5

On Saturday, m'Lady did return and it was not until Monday that
she did find some fault with Beryl and had me chastise her, and
afterward did comfort her in the way she was wont by making her
face cold with water then burying it deep between the sweet
cheeks of Beryl's lovely bottom.

I hear through the door as she said:

"Dear sweet Beryl! You have such a lovely flavour, and I have
missed you much!!

"Come, I will cool my face again and nuzzle deep into your
angelic bottom, sweet Beryl, to take the heat away".

Monday, June 26

It is only three weeks since m'Lady returned from Tunbridge Wells
and Sir Thomas did gaze hard at Beryl at every chance: he clearly
longed to throw himself once again on her sweet bottom and only
restrained himself with difficulty from reaching out to clasp her
to him.

On this morn, m'Lady had gone to call on a friend into London. No
sooner had the coach pulled from the door than Sir Thomas did
call Beryl to follow him to her room and there did make most
heated love to her lovely bottom.

He kissed and licked her cheeks and thrust his tongue up into
her, she later told me, as she lay naked on her bed. I had half
expected this and had cleaned Beryl most carefully that morn
after she had shitted, and I had left her bottom slipperie with
grease in it.

'Twas as well, for Sir Thomas did waste no time in thrusting his
rampant member deep into Beryl's willing bottom. I had closed the
doors to shut off the waye to her room, to stifle their joyous
moans and words of endearment, so when the coach returned with
m'Lady for something she had forgot to take, they heard nothing
of it and I ran to tell them.

Sir Thomas leaped up and pulled his cloathes on quick and told
Beryl to do the same. He was leaving her room looking warm and
ruffled as m'Lady passed in the passage.

She did glance at him a moment only then pass on, for I suspect
their income came mostly from him.

I believe they talked later that day, to consult and share their
pleasures with Beryl at different times - and so did the crisis
pass.

Monday, December 25, 1780

I have naughtily let this my diary lapse following the excitement
of Beryl learning to pleasure Sir Thomas. I relate now the chief
happenings of the last six month:

The household has been most happy, with Beryl satisfying both
m'Lady who friggs herself on Beryl's lovely bottom after that I
have caned her, and Sir Thomas who usually at least once each
week delights of sliding his rampant penis as far as it can go up
into that same lovely eleven-year-old bottom, to her very great
joy and his too, I suspect.

Sir Thomas did once say something to Beryl about his Grace the
Duke of D----, that his rough treatment of her was not that of a
person who truly cared for her, and we have not seen the Duke
again.

Other guests did however occasionally come to stay. M'Lady's
friends did often share her peep-hole to watch as I caned Beryl
and make her dance lively before I took her to them to be
comforted and soothed. I believe that m'Lady did often show them
how she did cool Beryl's sore bottom with her cold face after
that she had held it in a basin of water.

Her friends did usually follow suit, then frig themselves against
the lovely nakedness of Beryl.

Sir Thomas did most often leave his friends with Beryl to do with
her as they pleased for an afternoon, or even for the night.

She did tell me she liked some mightily, the ones who were gentle
and spoke with her as though she was their niece that they made
love to, and not just an orphan servant girl who must do what she
was told or else be caned and made to live with the rats down in
the dark coal cellar for a week or more while given to eat only
bread and water.

Beryl dearly liked to feel she was truly cared for by the men who
took their pleasure of her.

One such was a Peter G----, student at Cambridge University,
nephew of Sir Thomas. He was a well builded young man, and did
ride to hounds. A bright blade, and most pleasant with it.

His uncle and aunt being out of the house on his second afternoon
there, Peter did go to Beryl in her room. He knocked and entered
and took young Beryl in his arms, making to kiss her without so
much as "by you leave", she later told me.

Beryl did push him away, and ran round the other side of her bed,
quick opening her snuff box of grease in the flurry. As she
stumbled and fell on the bed, she lifted her skirt and daubed
plentiful grease on her rosebud, as she had learned to do at the
Great Orfanage.

With a little cry as of fear she fell face down on the bed with
her skirt pulled up to show her bottom which was never these days
graced with underdrawers. Peter thought to have the best of her,
and she wriggled protesting until Peter had her pinned firm.

As she lay face down on the bed, he was beside her and kissed her
hot face; his fingers did slide up to feel Beryl's lovely bottom
and on to her rosebud. Great was his delight to find the way
already slipperie and prepared for him.

"You jade! You seduce me, sweet Beryl!", and slid his thumb
firmly up into her bottom as he pushed his tongue deep into her
mouth.

She thrust back with her tongue between Peter's lips and moved
her hips sinuous to show she enjoyed him there.

He got greatly excited and moved down to thrust his face into
Beryl's bottom and probe with his tongue into her rosebud. She
felt him slide a finger into her bottom as he licked and sucked
there - grease from a pork roast was most tasty to him.

Then two fingers . . . and she squirmed her hips to show her
great pleasure thereat.

Peter did continue to lick and suck while he did pull his two
fingers apart and slowly did prise her rosebud well open.

He did then throw off his trousers and his rampant member did
stand proud: About six inch long, but 'twas greater round than
she had ever before seen on a man.

"Peter! You are huge!

"'Tis thicker than my wrist!

"I'm not sure I can take a manhood so big!"

"We have all morning, I will go very slow, dear Beryl and you
will like it as nothing before, I warrant you! Give me your
grease and I'll lard it well".

Beryl reached in her pocket and drew out her snuff box of cooking
fat which she handed it to him.

"Ha! This is a handy grease box you carry, sweet Beryl! You have
it alway, ready for come what may? By my troth, thou art a sly
minx, Beryl, and all the sweeter for it!".

Peter was smiling in good humour as he greased his thick ramrod
good and careful, then he layed himself atop Beryl and used a
hand to feed the great head of his thick weapon onto Beryl's
rosebud.

After pulling her open with his two fingers, the huge round tip
did start into her bottom quite easy. Peter did then press
against Beryl's bottom and his great limb did start to slide
slowly up into her.

He had to stretch her insides as he pressed into Beryl's lovely
and willing bottom, she making little gasps of pain and pleasure
the nonce. He slid slowly to go in a little, then waited a few
minutes and pulled out again.

He slowly slid up into Beryl's bottom a little further and she
felt herself stretch inside e'en more than when either Sir Thomas
or the Duke had slid his rampant weapon up between her soft round
cheeks.

It tingled in her bottom and felt wonderful.

Peter did only stretch Beryl's bottom for a little way further
each time he pressed up into her, then he did wait for her to
become used to it, then pull gently out again.

It was a heavenly process and she was cooing and moaning in her
great pleasure, she told me.

After many times in and out again, Peter was at last into Beryl's
sweet bottom as far as he could go: his hips pressed hard against
her two firm cheeks as he grunted and shoved his great ramrod
into her bottom and flattened her cheeks as he did so.

He then lay still, hugging her hard to him with both arms about
her.

Beryl had never before been stretched so much in her bottom nor
felt filled so hugely. She could not move. She was as firmly
pegged and fixed in place as any wood beam in a roof, and she
loved it.

"Peter, I feel I am part of you, your manhood is so tight in me.
You are wonderful, Peter!"

"Sweet young Beryl! Your lovely bottom holds me so firm! What age
are you my lovely Beryl?"

"I was eleven last birthday, an't please you, Peter!", giggling.

"And I fear I can not stay for long so much stretched to hold
your yard; 'Tis lovely now! But methinks 'twill begin to hurt me
soon Peter. "

"Dear sweet Beryl! For this first time, let us finish now, then.

"I will move out of you a little, and back in. Out, and back in.
Aaaaaaaaaaah! You have my life, Beryl my sweet!".

As she felt her excitement rise to be more than she could bear,
she heard his hot juices shoot up inside her tummy, then she lost
all control of her limbs which trembled rigid in spasms of
delight.

They lay coupled together for a long time while Peter's vast
ramrod softened and shrank somewhat so Beryl felt it less roughly
huge inside her bottom.

She knew she loved Peter enough to do anything he would ask of
her, until she bethought her of my admonition that she must do
whatever was asked, as well as she can, alway, and with no
thoughts for love or affection, for she was only an orphan
servant girl.

But she could not help feel some small private love for Peter
after his kind and gentle entry with his huge manhood between the
narrow hips of her eleven-year- old bottom, to her wondrous
pleasure.

"Dear sweet Beryl! You pleasure me as no other girl has ever
done!

"Was this the bot that launched a thousand ships and burnt the
topless towers of Illium ? Sweet Beryl, make me immortal with a
kiss" . And they kissed long and loving as he still lay pegged to
her lovely bottom.

"Dear Beryl! Chris Marlowe must have known you to write words
like that, I'll warrant!

Peter gave Beryl a last long kiss as she lay with her mouth hot
and pouting-lipped, bottom upward there on the bed, then he made
for the door and left.

Beryl came to me that evening and recounted all, as I relate
above.

The following afternoon, the same: With m'Lady and Sir Thomas out
in the coach for an hour, Peter did again come to Beryl's room
and kiss her long and deep before that she stumbled upon the bed
in their commotion.

Peter fell upon her and thrust his finger into her rosebud as he
kissed and nibbled at the lovely cheeks of her young bottom then
did slide another finger up into Beryl's young bottom and did
pull them apart as before to open her wide enough for his huge
truncheon to enter.

Beryl stayed lying face down and did much enjoy his monster
engine as he did slow . . . slow work it up between her slender
hips, with much lovely stretching of her innards, until he was
pressing himself hard against her two soft cushions, and the
lovers did lie in joyous communion together.

His patience did repay most well as she was stretched tighter
about his member than he could ever remember before, he told her,
as she was younger and narrower that any previous girl he had
loved.

He hardly durst move for fear of instant ejaculation, her grip
did so excite him, he told her.

She likewise did tell me she felt a greater thrill and joy from
such great stretching inside, more than any man before had given
her.

They lay still thus until Peter could hold himself no longer and
told her she was milking him of his juices as sure as any
milkmaid did do in her work, and they came to a wondrous ecstatic
climax together then lay embraced in love together.

"Do you be ready for me tomorrow night so I may love you again,
sweet Beryl, for I have to leave the morning after dear Beryl!

"Have you a candle in case mine burns out, lovely Beryl.

"Oh Beryl! I do love you so, my turtle dove!!"

I prepared Beryl carefully for the following night with much warm
water, and honey left inside her bottom for the greater pleasure
of Peter when he should come to her room that night.

I did open her rosebud considerable too, so Peter would have less
labour. When Peter did come to Beryl that night it was softly on
tip-toe in his night gown with a candle which he set down by her
bed.

He straight did pull off her sheet and lay himself beside her
with sweet words of love and joy. His hand went up under her
night dress to fondle her lovely bottom as he kissed her lips
most loving.

He soon did move to kiss her smooth and silky cheeks and lick and
press with his fingers into her rosebud. He used one finger then
two to open the entrance to her sweet eleven-year-old bottom.

When he had made her opening wide as he had done before, he
removed his night-gown and lay himself back on the bed so his
great thick rampant member stood pointing firm to the ceiling. He
bade her take off her night-dress and sit astride to face him.

She had done this with Sir Thomas so knew well what to do. As
Beryl lowered herself onto Peter's monstrous yard, she did find
to her surprise that his opening of her rosebud did enable her to
start his yard into her bottom with ease.

At the start his huge engine did give her only pleasure as it did
slowly slide up into her bottom.

As Beryl did press her weight down further, though, she felt his
thick yard stop and move in no more. She found she had to wait
until the next inch of her had slowly stretched and opened to
allow his thick yard to slide in further.

She then raised herself and waited a moment before once more
lowering herself again upon his huge member.

The progress of Peter's thick truncheon up into Beryl's bottom
was slow, but heavenly for her. Every fresh bit that did enter
was stretching a new part of her innards and it felt so large
that she could not move sideways at all for his great peg that
transfixed her body in one place. And she tingled with the great
stretching of her insides which gave her a wonderful feeling.

After many long times spent pushing down with her weight while
she waited for her bottom to open further to Peter's great yard,
she at last sat fully down with the cheeks of he lovely bottom
pressed firm against him.

He was much further inside her than when she has lain on her
stomach, as the full cheeks of her round bottom has then held him
away from her.

She felt full, replete, as though she could want nothing more,
and she made sweet moan and held Peter's waist between her hands.

Then she did think what Sir Thomas had her do, and pressed with
her finger tips into her own slender stomach until she felt
Peter's giant engine there inside her, huge and stiff between the
tips of her fingers.

She then pushed his great engine first to the right, then pushed
his monsterous yard inside her to the left inside her tummy, and
giggled.

She giggled not of amusement but of joy, as it felt so loving and
intimate to have all of Peter's huge engine inside her and be
able to feel it and move him around in there with her fingers.

"That feels strange to me, Peter, to have you inside me to move
you around in there. 'Tis really lovely!"

"Do give me your fingers so you may feel for yourself your great
yard there inside my tummy".

She held his fingers and pressed the tips into her stomach so she
felt his great stiff manhood move inside her.

"Yes! 'Tis there, I feel my thick engine move within you!

"Was ever a love so sublime! My darling Beryl!"

He stroked his mighty engine with his fingers from outside her
stomach.

"Did ever a weapon have so wonderful a sheath to hold it tight?

"My lovely Beryl!"

"Dear Peter! I am so sorry that you leave tomorrow. I would
dearly love to give you pleasure like this every night, but I
know that can not be.

"Let us make the most of this time! You are huge and tight inside
me, but let me try move back and fore on top of you!"

"Dear sweet Beryl, be sure you do not hurt yourself: I would
never forgive myself if ever you were to suffer hurt because of
me".

How unlike the Duke! was the thought that flashed through her
mind who had a dog and an anteater attack her.

Beryl did slowly begin to lean back so Peter's enormous member
was bent towards his feet. It pressed hard towards the front of
Beryl's tummy and she felt with her fingers as the top moved to
make her tummy bulge outward, but it hurt her before she had
moved far.

Next she did lean forward to bend Peter's member towards his
head. That hurt her not at all as his rampant penis was pressed
against her backbone.

"Sweet Beryl: No more! 'Tis wonderful for me, but you must not
feel pain from me inside your lovely young bottom.

"Lift yourself straight up, then lower your bottom again, so you
feel your excitement mount until your climax near overwhelms you,
then I will pump my love juices up into you again to join us as
one being, dear Beryl".

It happened all too quickly, only the third time that Beryl
lowered herself to take the full length of Peter's huge love
machine up inside her bottom, she was transported and rigid in
her ecstasy and again they did couple in heavenly bliss with
Peter's colossal thick member up inside Beryl's slender young
hips, jolting and thrusting as he shot his life's juice up into
her and she with body stiff and jerking uncontrolled in spasms of
orgasm, and truly felt themselves as one being, having and
holding each other as though nothing could ever them part.

As Peter's yard softened slightly, Beryl lowered her young girl's
breasts to Peter's hairy chest and they kissed long and sweet.

But at last he said:

"Beryl my love, we must both sleep before the morrow.

"Do thou keep thyself ever young and sweet like now so I may find
you again thus when that I am next able to visit my Uncle Tom!

"Here, take my gold ring as a token to remember me by. Give me
paper that I may write that I have given it to you, to be yours
for ever more, lest any think you may have stole it, my sweet
darling young Beryl".

Beryl had no recollection of their words after that. She gave
Peter a scrap of paper and he did write sweet words about the
ring and his love for Beryl that I saw next day.

But young Beryl was so full of fond and loving feelings for her
departed Peter that she could tell me no more of their words or
embraces or promises for the future.

Between the strictures I had placed on her to keep her heart for
a husband and not to give it to any member of the gentry who may
play fast and lose with her affections, and Peter's token of a
valuable gold ring to remember him by, young Beryl knew not what
to think or feel but walked as though in a dream for many weeks
after.

I do have great concern for Beryl's future, as she may dream of
becoming Peter's mistress or e'en to marry him, when that for
many a long year he will depend for all his wants upon his
father, who can easy withhold from Peter the pleasure of a
mistress who is only an orphan servant girl.

More, Beryl might well fall afoul of Peter's uncle or aunt as a
consequence of her deep love and devotion to Peter.

Lest Beryl should one day hap to cross m'Lady or Sir Thomas, or
fall out with Peter, I have prepared her for such an accident:

Beryl knows she has one sure sanctuary should matters go amiss.

She could easy walk the ten miles to the Great Orfanage in London
and there ask the good doctor Browne to recommend her to a
convent.

The Holy Father Confessors would only need to hear Beryl's first
confession, to admit her instantly as a novice.

They would straightway understand that the exquisite jewel who
kneeled before them, was ready and able to assist their daily
devotions . . . in much the way that the twelve-year-old Alibech,
in Boccaccio's Decameron, helped the hermit Rustico to better
serve God by "Putting the Devil in Hell", as he called it . . .
until she had alas totally exhausted the poor Rustico!

But Beryl's Confessors would run little risk of this fate: they
are known for their great stamina where the nuns of their
convents are concerned.

Beryl would no doubt be given the name of Sister Sphynctata, for
the saint who promotes happy families by advocating sphynctal
intercourse to avoid unwanted pregnancies.

There is good chance though that all will continue to go well
with Beryl so she will stay with us for many happy years hence.

And now on this happy Christmas Day, let us give thanks to those
saintly gentle folk who gave us Beryl as she is today.

I mean those who gave, as the former Dean of Saint Paul's at the
Great Orfanage did put it, of their time and treasure and
talents, to the destitute orphan girls there.

And what great talents they were, to give a girl the liking that
she be spanked, and to have a man to slide his rampant manhood up
into her sweet bottom, so the willing and pleasant girl does
become highly prized and is taken into one of the great houses
and cared for until of a ripe age to marry, then is given a dowry
from her master in thanks for her loving services . . . while he
does go to the Great Orfanage and find another sweet girl of
eleven or twelve for himself - but none will ever match Beryl as
a delightful and sensuous young girl in her first year with our
household at Richmond . . .

I saw the work of these gentle men and women in my visits to the
Great Orfanage. As the good Doctor Browne did tell me: The
sacrifices and care of these altruistic people who think only of
the good of the orphan girls, never did cease to amaze him.

Long may there be gentry of such unselfish charity to give these
great advantages to the many destitute young girls in the Great
Orfanage and elsewhere!

And now I have come to the end of my paper and must needs find
more, to sew the sheets together so I do have more notebooks . .

May 1781 be as happy and joyous for us all as this wonderful year
has been!

Editor's Note:

Hilda's diary, the part we have, ends here.

Let me repeat: If more of Hilda's diaries, or other documents
that relate to the Great Orfanage for Girls in London, should be
found, please tell me as I should be most glad to edit and
publish them.

