This story contains mature content and is intended for the exclusive use of consenting ADULTS ONLY. If you can be offended by pornographic descriptions, or if you are a minor,Under the age of 18, it is illegal and forbidden to view, download, access or acquire this file by any means.
                   Please go do something else.
This material is Copyright, 2009  by cookiesncream925.  All rights reserved.  I specifically grant the right of downloading and keeping ONE electronic copy for your personal, non commercial use and reading so long as this notice is included.  Reposting requires previous permission and is only allowed IN ITS ENTIRETY, including this copyright notice. Any other use is illegal without the prior written consent of the author.

All persons here depicted, except public figures depicted as public figures in the background, are figments of my imagination and any resemblance to persons living or dead is strictly coincidental.

Trucking

She stood there, head slightly tilted, kinda leaning up against the CJ7 with one hand, her other gently resting on her hip.  She had that hip jutting out in just a provocative but yet innocent way.  The wind was blowing across the truck and gently tossing her hair back , although a few strands seem to tease her cute little nose.  The sun glinted off of her hair in a shimmering way. There was a twinkle in her eye that one just couldn't place.
It was a hot day and she had knotted up her shirt around her midriff.  The breeze wisped around her pleated high school girlish pleated skirt and played games on your mind if you let it.  In this heat her black, silver and stitch adorned cowboy boots did not seem to bother her whatsoever.  Just adding a little quirkiness to her outfit.
It was going to be dark soon and I knew that if I didn't stop she could be stranded there all night, so........I pulled over, turned off the engine , turned on the flashers and got out.
She said she didn't know what was wrong and that the "dam thing just turned off".  I looked around to assure this wasn't a set up and then followed her to the front of the truck where she had already raised the hood.  As I looked around to see if there were any apparent problems.  I could feel her closeness and would swear that at one point she actually rubbed her breast against my arm.  Perplexed, I offered to give her a ride to the nearest mechanic.  She said that she thought that maybe she had just overheated it and if she waited a little while it would most likely cool down and she would be fine.
As it was hot out I suggested that she sit in the cab of my truck while I checked on her radiator.  After check and finding nothing wrong, I worked my way back to the truck.  It was getting dark fast and I didn't want to get stuck here on the side of the road with her for too long.  As I got to my door, I realized that she had started the truck and had the air conditioning going full blast.  When I opened to door the overhead light came on and did I get a surprised!  She was sitting there with her shirt untied and undone with both of her perky little breasts standing out in the chill.  What was surprising (especially since she saw me coming back to the truck) was that she had pulled her short skirt up and exposed her bare naked pussy to the direct flow of the vents.
I asked her if she was hot and as she looked at me she simply said "I was but now most of me is cooled down now, thanks"  as I climbed into the cab she then surprised me by saying "what I really need is a good hosing down to cool me off, do you think you could help a gal out?"
Naturally, being the Good Samaritan, I said I would like to help her out however I could, but we were on the side of the road.  She simply responded with "well your side is hidden"  So out I jumped out with her right behind me.  As the door closed, she spun around, kissed me hard and gave me a little tongue while massaging my cock through my jeans.
I bent her over the hood, flipped up her skirt and reached under to help guide me in.  She was sopping and all we needed was two strokes to drive my throbbing member to the hilt.  As I started pumping into her, she grabbed the fender to hold herself in place against my thrusts.  It was like heaven, her pussy was sopping wet yet at the same time as tight as a vice.  I reached around and started playing with her breasts as I was driving into her.  Just as I was about to come, I lifted her up spun her around and set her back on my cock.  With her impaled on my cock, I walked over to her tailgate and set her ass down on its edge.  This really gave me the opportunity to look at her in the light of the passing cars as well as full access to her breasts and bud.  What was really great was that I could spread her legs and really do some serious fucking but first I had to eat some of the sweet young pussy.  As I bent down, flipped her knees over my shoulders and started licking.  she grabbed my hair and pulled me into her.  It wasn't till awhile later that I came out of my pussy eating trance when I heard her screaming "fuck me now! Hard".  Ever the obliging guy, I did just as she asked and again sunk into her till I was grinding on her pelvis bone.  I wanted this even more than her but I kept going until I felt her climax approaching.  I tried to cum with her as best I could as I splashed her insides.
I leaned back against my truck recovering and she knelt down and licked me clean.  While tucking me back into my pants, she said "thanks for the hosing" , turned around and non-chalantly walked to her jeep got in, started it up and drove off.  Leaving me to wonder if there really was a problem with her jeep. 
I stood there lit up a cigarette and thought "who cares"  
