Evie's Innocent Camping Trip
byXinchan©

"We should go camping this weekend."

Evie wondered why Matt had bothered saying that. Her boyfriend, Nathan, and his three friends Matt, David, and Alex were all so drunk that there was little chance of anyone remembering. Of course everyone had agreed in their drunken states. She hadn't been drinking much, but she went ahead and agreed as well, since there was so little chance of it actually happening. That turned out to be a huge mistake.

Despite camping being the last thing that Evie wanted to be doing with her weekend, she now found herself with the four boys, pulling into a camping retreat. Camping on an island did sound slightly more appealing, but there were still bugs and bad bathrooms and all of the other unpleasant things that went with camping. Her lamentations were interrupted as they pulled up to the entrance of the campgrounds to pay their entry fee.

"If you folks are planning on campfire cooking, you'll want to pick up a bundle of firewood as well." The man running the gate was suggesting to David, who had driven them all there in his truck. The large Silvarado was the only vehicle the group had between them which could haul them all along with the camp equipment. 

They ended up buying two bundles of wood to compliment the charcoal they planned to use with the on-site grill and of course Alex jumped out to grab both bundles himself and toss them into the back of the truck alongside their camping gear, while declaring "This looks like a job for superman." Evie wasn't sure why he showed off so much, since she was the only girl there and the other guys were just going to roll their eyes at him. Alex worked out and was determined to make sure that everyone knew it. Perhaps he was worried that his effort would go to waste if no one noticed. She personally thought that his over bulky muscles looked ridiculous... he basically looked like a sack of potatoes bound in tight elastic that was about to snap. The ugly veins bulging through his skin anytime he exerted himself didn't exactly help.

With the wood in tow and their entry paid for, the four drove down a narrow gravel road flanked on both sides by such an odd mix of trees that she wondered if they were natural. Broad leaf trees, evergreens, and palm trees all shared this little island wilderness and the main ground foliage seemed to be palm fronds and ferns. She had been in many forests in her life, and she had never seen this mix of trees. Of course Florida wasn't really a place that she was accustomed to anyway, even though she had been living here for nearly a year now. 

The discussion turned to what their first order of business should be, with her boyfriend Nathan making the winning suggestion. "It may only be 6 o'clock, but we haven't eaten, so why don't we get the fire started early." 

The ever-enthusiastic Matt was the first to agree and expound upon the idea. "That sounds good, my stomach is already rumbling, and we can set up the tents at the same time." 

"So who's going to get the fire going?" Alex asked with a shrug. "These guns are obviously needed doing the hard work, and I'm no boy scout in any case." He flexed and winked as he said this.

His statement had an odd effect on Matt and David, who began arguing over who had the best survival skills. Evie actually liked doing things like that and had hoped to take care of the fire herself, but she knew that there was little chance with the boys this obsessed with showing off. She may hate camping, but she loved the woods and almost certainly had better survival skills than all four boys put together. Their testosterone fueled competitiveness seemed extremely odd. The boys were always like that to a degree, but for some reason being out here had made it worse than ever.

Matt and David ended up agreeing on a competition. Matt would work on the campfire while David would work on the grill. Whoever got the fire started first got the first steak that was finished cooking. She didn't see why they thought this was such a big deal, considering they were using matches. You would think from their attitudes that it was advanced chemistry they were doing. David ended up winning, to his glee. 

By the time both fires were roaring the tents were up and everyone was bored. There was no debate about who should cook, their grill master was Nathan. Her boyfriend could cook a mean steak, and he now set about laying out his equipment on the picnic table beside the grill. She watched him as he worked. Nathan was skinny and a fairly average looking guy, but he had a whole host of skills and was amazingly patient and kind. His sandy brown hair looked great, even when unkempt, it wasn't long, but it still stirred in the slight breeze. They hadn't had sex yet, as they were both virgins and Evie was reluctant, but she had considered going for it this weekend before this camping trip had interfered with her plans. 

As Nathan wrapped the potatoes in aluminum foil Matt's enthusiasm bubbled over again. "Hey, it's gonna be awhile before the fire is low enough to start cooking, why don't we head down to the beach for a quick swim before we eat?" It wasn't extremely hot this late in September, but the heat from the campfires was making it a bit oppressive, so that was easily agreed upon. Nathan wasn't much of a swimmer, however, so she looked to him to see his reaction.

He noticed her looking at him and smiled pleasantly at her "Go ahead, you know I love grilling, I'll be perfectly fine getting things going here." She kissed him on the cheek giddily, happy that she didn't have to choose between the water and not disappointing him.

They had all worn their swimming gear under their other clothing, so the walk through the small forest was no issue at all for most of them. Never shirking a chance to show off his physique, however, Alex had worn his swimming gear to the campsite in the first place and was not wearing a shirt. Now his complaints about the mosquitos and plant life scraping against his legs brought a smile to Evie's face. She tried to hide her mirth and was helped out by their arrival at the small beach. According to the map the island actually had three beaches, all exclusively for campers on the island. Evie had never been on a beach so devoid of people before. The beach stretched away to both sides, giving way to a rocky shore on one side and curving away out of sight on the other. 

Alex kicked off his shoes, calling out "See ya in the water, losers." As he charged into the light surf, apparently very proud of the fact that he didn't have to take anything off first. Evie laughed at his joviality, the bright sunlight streaming down from the sun hanging low in the sky sending rays of warmth straight through her and rapidly lightening her mood. 

As the first splashes of the cool Autumn ocean hit her she felt the last of her displeasure at the camping trip melt away. She could have her alone time with Nathan any weekend, ones like this were rare. Alex was showing off his strength now by launching people into the air to splash back down into the water. She waded out to where he was, the water nearly chest deep to her, since she stood quite a bit shorter than the guys. "Do me, do me," she pleaded playfully, "If you can throw them that high, how high do you think that I can go?" 

Alex laughed at her sudden excitement, "Sure, but I'm going to have to throw you out a bit, it might be over your head." 

"That's no problem, I'm a good swimmer," she informed him as she put her hands on his shoulders and tried to balance herself as she stepped into his clasped hands. She felt a little self-conscious as this put her breasts and exposed midsection very close to his face. She perhaps was focused a little bit too much on her embarrassment as she started to fall backwards, but she felt a pair of hands catch her at the small of her back and help her get back into position. 

She glanced back to see David smiling at her teasingly, "Almost had a little accident there." He placed one hand on her hip and the other on her butt to steady her as Alex started the countdown. She normally wouldn't be comfortable with another guy's hands on her like this, but he was just helping her out, so she focused her attention on the water. 

It turned out that Alex's muscles were useful for something after all. He launched her high into the air and a tremor of vertigo and excitement coursed through her as the water rushed up at her and she grabbed a breath of air before splashing down. She allowed herself to sink all the way to the bottom and opened her eyes under the water. She probably shouldn't be doing it, but she wore contacts and constantly touching her eyes had given her the ability to do so. She quickly oriented herself towards the shore but away from the guys and swam underwater, staying as close to the bottom as she could. She got as far past them as she could and stayed down until her lungs were about to burst before quietly surfacing and taking a couple of slow but deep breaths before yelling out "Whatcha looking for guys?"

All three boys were looking into the water with worried expressions on their faces and the group now burst out laughing. "My God, you got us good." David declared. He was always the first in the group to joke around and also the fastest to appreciate a good joke. 

Since they weren't dry all three of them shared their discomfort with Alex this time as they made their way back to the campsite in their swimsuits. This time without even shoes on their feet. Luckily the path was hard packed earth with nothing growing on it. The campground staff probably sprayed something on the paths to keep them from getting overgrown. 

Back at camp Nathan smiled brightly in greeting. "Hey guys, you're back just in time, the baked potatoes are done, the first steaks are almost ready, and everyone's first shot of tequila is already poured. David didn't protest at all when Nathan plated the first steak and set it down in front of her, but he insisted that the next one go to him since he had won the earlier competition. 

Alex and Matt grilled a couple of hot dogs while the next round of steaks went on the grill and Nathan came over to join everyone for a toast. "To good friends and good times." He declared as they all downed the first of their tequila. Instead of the weird salt/lime thing everyone else did, Evie chased her tequila with a drink of soda. She never really got why people always did that... it was probably in a movie or something. She usually was careful about how much she drank, but since this trip was a rare event, she went ahead and drank with everyone else. 

As the food disappeared and the mood got increasingly jovial and loose Evie could feel her face heating up. It was probably apple-red at that point. That always happened when she drank, a trait she inherited from her Chinese father. 

About four shots in to the tequila the conversation made an unexpected turn as Matt lamented the state of his companions with a semi-joking tone, "Geeze man, if I had known your girl was gonna sit around in her bikini the entire time I would tried to score a date for myself to bring along." Evie hadn't even been thinking about the fact that she was still wearing just her bikini, it having dried some time ago in the heat from the campfire. 

She looked down at herself in surprise. She was built quite small, her breasts and butt were nothing to speak of, but she was thin and firm and she probably shouldn't be so surprised that she was turning the guys on, especially as the alcohol flowed. Still, she couldn't very well put her cloths on after he had already called attention to it, so she laughed it off. But now she was noticing looks from everyone, they probably didn't realize how unsubtle they were being due to their inebriated states. Nathan noticed as well and he scooted a little closer to her. His tone completely changed as well, and he started showing off and competing with the other guys, something he was normally prone to a lot less. 

David was quick to size up the awkwardness that was starting to build and head it off. "This trip in the springtime of our lives should be remembered forever, so let's have a drinking contest. We can remember this trip by getting so drunk that we don't remember it!" Despite the completely nonsensical nature of the speech, Evie laughed along with the group, her head dizzy and the laughter flowing easily. She was a bit worried about Nathan, however... in his current state he probably wouldn't stop drinking when he should. 

She should have been more worried about herself. She was the first to drop out of the contest, her smile size made it obvious that would be the case in the first place, but she continued way longer than she should, her head spinning madly. She started imagining what her first time with Nathan might be like and feeling bold and naughty, she reached under the table and started massaging him through his pants as he continued drinking. He quickly got hard and she slowly unzipped his pants, quietly pulling his penis out and slowly stroking it with her hand. She made sure that David, sitting on the other side of her from Nathan, had his view blocked by her body as she did this. 

After several minutes of her ministrations and a couple more shots, Nathan couldn't take anymore and he stopped her, putting his rock-hard cock back in his pants with as much subtlety as he could muster. David and Matt both dropped out of the competition and it came down to Nathan and Alex. Nathan stared down at the latest shot in his glass hesitantly and then looked back up at Alex. Alex was 250 pounds of pure muscle, but his eyes looked glazed as he stared back at Nathan defiantly. Nathan downed the shot, struggling visible not to throw up afterwards and declared "That's all I've got man, it's on you, now." 

Alex downed his shot, poured one more, downed it, and then stood up and cheered himself. "Woohoo, champion. What's my prize? We need more girls around here so I can get a kiss." Feeling a bit guilty about teasing the guys with her bikini all evening, Evie got up and gave him a kiss on the cheek before rejoining Nathan. Alex seemed both surprised and very happy, but Nathan had a rather dark look in his face.

Evie reassured her boyfriend, "Oh relax, Nathan, it's a peck on the cheek, you've been drinking too much, Its affecting your judgement." He mumbled something about her judgement, but he cheered up again as they got out some cards and started up a game of poker. 

The game didn't last very long as Nathan dropped out halfway through a hand to make out with her. They had been touching throughout the game and apparently it got too much for him to handle. She was sitting on his lap as he played and it was easy for him to lean down and just start kissing her. She felt a bit awkward kissing him in front of the other guys, especially when Nathan started slipping her tongue, but she didn't want to upset him again, so she went with it. As they made out he reached one hand around her and started caressing her belly, his hand working its way up her bare skin towards her small breasts. 

"Nathan, everyone is watching us" Which was true, since the other guys had stopped playing cards and were now just watching the couple make out. 

"They knew what they were getting into coming here with one girl," Nathan shot back, "that's their own problem to deal with." Nathan was usually very kind, so she knew that it was jealousy and alcohol speaking. Still, she didn't want to upset him, so she let him lay his claim to her in front of the other guys. His hand found one of her breasts and began massaging it through her thin bikini top. She could feel her nipples pressing into the fabric and knew that they must be showing very obviously to the other guys at this point. Nathan's other hand found its way down to her crotch and started massaging her through her bottoms. She could feel her juices flowing and her breath coming in ragged pants as her face got even hotter and the alcohol further fueled her lust. There were two tents and she was considering taking him into one of them and zipping it up with just the two of them inside when Nathan suddenly stopped moving and his head slumped. 

To her surprise he started falling backwards, but David reacted much faster than she could and caught him. The guys all started laughing hysterically at the fact that Nathan had passed out halfway through making out with Evie. They put him in one of the sleeping bags and zipped him up in one of the tents. Evie kind of wanted to join him and try to get him back awake and beg him to take her virginity, but he was out of it and she knew that he wouldn't be able to wake up for quite some time. Disappointed she stayed out at the table with the other guys as they joked about the matter for several minutes. 

"Don't worry, Evie, if you feel frustrated, you have 3 other strapping young lads to choose from," David joked at her. At least she thought it was a joke. She wasn't so sure anymore and honestly she was kind of pissed off at Nathan for getting her so worked up and then just passing out, so the things going through her own head just then probably weren't very appropriate either.

"God Damnit, I wanted him to take my virginity tonight." The words had slipped out of her mouth before she had realized she said them, the alcohol slowing her reactions. She was greeted by complete silence for several moments before anyone else reacted. 

"Shit," Matt lamented, "If you hadn't made my dick hard as a rock in that bikini all night, that would have done it for me. The least Nathan could have done is stayed awake and given us a show of it." She hadn't meant that she wanted him to take her virginity during the camping trip, but she didn't bother clarifying. Her head was spinning and she was thinking things that she REALLY shouldn't be thinking. 

Ultimately, she decided on something that would at least sate some of the sexual tension in the group without outright cheating on Nathan. If she had shocked the guys before, she knew that she would shock the shit out of them with this. She put on her sexiest voice, "Well, it wasn't on purpose, but seeing as how I've gotten you guys so worked up, how about I give all three of you a blow job and you can take turns licking me to an orgasm? Things can't go any further than that, though, I would never cheat on Nathan."

David looked at her in disbelief while Alex and Matt gave her incredulous looks at the last part of her statement. She knew that something wasn't quite right with that as well, but she was too drunk and too horny to bother worrying about that right then. 

She wasted no time, reaching over and tugging at the string of David's swimming trunks. David looked even more surprised that it was actually happening, but he jerked his shorts off quickly, exposing a surprisingly large cock. "Wow, I didn't know you were packing." She quipped at him as she took him into her mouth and just held him there for a few seconds. David sighed at the warmth of her mouth as she began slowly stroking him while she circled the head of his dick with her tongue. The other two made their way to her side of the bench to watch. After a couple of minutes of slowly sucking David off she could feel her own wetness and she got up and gestured for David to get up. 

She pulled the bench away from the table and lay herself down on it, motioning David towards her again. He walked up to her and she took him back into her mouth as Matt moved down between her legs. She started taking David deeper into her mouth on each stroke, nearly gagging on his cock as Matt kissed her thighs and belly. This didn't continue for long before he pulled off her bikini bottoms. She gently raised her hips to allow him to get them off easier.

She felt something brush her cheek and turned her head to see Alex presenting his cock on the other side of her head. She gave him the same treatment that she had given David, which was easier, since he wasn't quite as big as David was. She finally felt Matt's tongue on her clit and sighed around the cock in her mouth. She couldn't believe how good it felt, her vagina was practically burning with her lust and she needed satisfaction.


She tensed her muscles as she felt her orgasm start to build. She was looking forward to it mightily and expected that she would probably be able to cum a couple of times before she got all three of them off. She continued to alternate between the two dicks at her head, making sure to stroke one with her hand when she was sucking on the other one to keep them both going steadily. She had been engaging with oral sex with Nathan for quite some time and she considered herself pretty skilled at blowjobs. Alex and David's reactions seemed to confirm this.

As she felt her orgasm getting closer she felt Matt slipping a finger into her pussy. She had never let Nathan do that before, insisting that he only use his tongue, but her mouth was full and she was so filled with lust that she didn't really want it to stop anyway. He worked another finger into her, which felt amazing and apparently felt the need to remark on it. "Damn, Evie, are you really a virgin? You're soaking wet and positively begging for it."

She grunted at him in annoyance and continued focusing on her task. She wanted to get one of them to cum so she'd have an easy candidate to take over for Matt when it was his turn. Just when she was on the edge of her orgasm, however, Matt stopped. She moaned in annoyance and tried to look down to see what the problem was, but Alex held her chin with one hand, "Don't stop, he'll keep going in just a sec."

She relaxed and massaged him with her mouth in response. She felt Matt entering her again, but too late realized that something much larger than his fingers was going in. She ripped her face away and looked down just as he shoved the entire length of his cock into her soaking wet vagina. Everything slowed down for an instant as she registered what was happening with shock. Her heart raced and her stomach dropped as she looked at her pussy lips stretched around his veiny dick. There was an instant of pain when he fully entered her but it was overshadowed by her shock and it quickly subsided. She continued to just stare as he pulled about halfway out and thrust back into her. He did this several times, working up speed as he got into a rhythm, thrusting in and out of her tight pussy while smiling broadly. 

Alex pulled her back down and she took him back into her mouth, still unsure what to do. It started to feel good, though, and she soon lost herself to the pleasure and started focusing on Alex and David again. "Holy fuck guys, this is amazing," he exclaimed to the group. Hey Evie, don't feel bad, I was a virgin too, I' m so sorry, I just couldn't help myself... God this is awesome." His pace increased more and more, soon he was panting heavily while thrusting into her as fast as he could. The rapid pounding was starting to feel unpleasant when he suddenly stopped and she felt his dick pulsating madly as he thrust in one final time and held himself deep inside of her. She realized with shock that he was unloading inside of her pussy. 

"What the fuck, Matt, I'm not on birth control." She angrily spouted at him, tearing away from Alex's cock. He mumbled apologies as he walked around and pushed David towards her feet, presenting his softening dick to her. 

"Pretty please give me some attention?" He said to her with a pouty look on his face. She obliged him despite her anger, she had just started building towards another orgasm. She didn't protest at all as David worked himself into her. He had a harder time getting in, being the biggest of the group by far. Once he got going, though, she felt her orgasm building. Focusing on her orgasm she forgot about Alex and kept playing with Matt's cock as it slowly got hard again. 

When she came it was far more intense than anything she had ever experienced from just oral sex. She screamed out loud and couldn't stop her hips from bucking wildly as she thrust them up off of the bench. David couldn't manage to stay inside of her and she was pretty sure she had soaked him in her juices. 

When she finally calmed down she felt weak and rubbery. David picked her up and lay down on the bench with her on top of him, entering her easily now that she was even more soaked from her orgasm. She tried to focus on Matt's cock, but she was having trouble focusing on anything right then. Alex voiced his frustrations, moving down to watch David pumping in and out of her. "How about you let me put it in your ass, Evie?" He suggested, "There's only so much girl to go around you know."

She put that idea to death immediately, though. "No fucking way, that's gross, I am not doing anal" She thought that would be the end of it and closed her eyes, enjoying the feeling of being fucked in her after-orgasmic state. That wasn't the end of it, however, as Alex had apparently misunderstood her.

"No anal, got it," He declared after a couple of minutes. He had apparently been thinking hard about what to do in that time as she felt something shoving against her pussy, trying to work its way in with David's huge cock. 

At first she thought that David must be trying to add a finger in, but as she looked around to tell him no she was so shocked to find Alex straddling her ass, trying to work his in with David's that she didn't say anything immediately. She soon wished that she had spoken up as Alex's cock actually managed to penetrate, slipping in with David's and making her feel as if she had been stretched to the absolute limit. She couldn't even believe this was happening! 

"Jeeesus Fucking Christ," Alex declared. "From virgin to double teamed in one night... you are one amazing piece of ass, Evie." She didn't feel grateful for the "compliment" at all. The two cocks kind of hurt shoved into her at the same time, but there was also something incredible about being filled up like this. She could feel the walls of her vagina stretched to their limits, with David's huge cock also pressing into her deepest parts. 

Evie's soft breasts were pressed into David's hard chest uncomfortably and she felt crushed between the two much larger men as they slowly started moving inside of her. They got into a rhythm of one thrusting into her as far as he could while the other one pulled almost all the way out and then switching, one always deep inside of her while the other was almost out. They kept this up quite some time and she started to get used to the feeling, although it was still insanely intense. 

Matt tried to get her to suck him some more, but she couldn't do much besides pant heavily. She heard him curse and thought "fuck you, Matt", but it seemed like he was looking at something else, so she focused on trying to stay conscious. She was still extremely dizzy from the alcohol and it wasn't getting better with the fucking she was receiving. Amazingly she felt another orgasm star to build up, which revived her a little bit.

As she felt the intensity start to build she thought to give the guys some encouragement, so she called back to them, mustering all of the remaining strength that she could, "Come on you two, fuck me." Inspired, the two boys picked up the pace and lost their rhythm. They were getting faster and now they were sometimes both fully inside of her at the same time. 

"Fuck me," she heard Alex panting, "I can cum at any time, I'm trying to hold on as long as I can... let's fill her up at the same time, Dave." 

David replied enthusiastically, "Fuck yes, man, I'm almost there, I'll tap your leg when I'm about to bust." Evie was annoyed that they were enjoying themselves so much, but she was way too close to her own orgasm to say anything that might discourage them, so she focused on the crescendo building in her loins. 

The pair picked up their pace even more and she knew they were getting close, but so was she. Suddenly they both thrust into her all the way at the same time, filling her up completely and finally sending her over the edge. Their dicks pulsed inside of her, filing her up with their cum as she screamed out in pleasure. As the two pulled out of her she looked down, watching the drip of her juices mixed with theirs as it pooled on the bench below her. She couldn't believe she had done that, and that she had enjoyed it so much. 

For some reason there was total silence around her, and she finally turned around to see what was going on. Nathan was standing there, watching. The other guys stood away from her now, just watching Nathan, waiting to see what he would do. 

She opened her mouth to plead with him, but he cut her off with a sharp "Shut up, whore". He walked to the picnic table, violently shoved everything off onto the ground, and climbed up on it, laying down on his back. She realized now that he was naked, his dick pointing straight up in the air. "Well, bitch, you aren't done yet, get over here and sit on it." 

She flinched at his tone, but she obeyed, climbing up on the table despite her wooziness. He stopped her from facing him, though, entering her while she was facing away. He made her work for a minute, but she didn't think that she had the energy to keep lifting herself up and down on his dick. Luckily she didn't need to, as he pulled her back down against his chest. He was thrusting into her violently and it wasn't pleasant at all. She felt sore and weak and tired. He was fucking her with force and he wasn't done. He reached his hand around, she thought to play with her clit, but instead he shoved three of his fingers into her with his dick. He fucked her like this for a minute before he paused in his assault and called to the other guys, "Well, one cock clearly can't satisfy this little slut, who's going to join me?" 

She cringed at the thought of having two of them inside of her again, but she didn't dare say anything that might piss him off even more. David climbed on the table and she winced... the worst possible choice. He thrust his oversized cock in with Nathan's and she looked down, amazed to see what it looked like, amazed at how much it stretched her out. She looked far too small to be able to take them both, but it was happening. Their pace was nothing like before, they were both hammering away at her violently and combined with the alcohol she just couldn't handle it. She blacked out.

Evie woke with a start at the sound of crashing in the woods. Sitting up so quickly made her head spin and made her feel like throwing up. Fortunately, the squirrel was so loud that she was able to identify what was going on anyway. She looked around, squinting in the bright sunlight and her alarm immediately returned. She was alone. The tents were gone, the guys were gone, the truck was gone. She was inside of one of the sleeping bags, but it was on the hard ground. 

Evie looked around for her clothing and couldn't find it. They hadn't even left her bikini for her. She had hoped they left her phone, but she couldn't find that either. Dejected, she made her way back to the sleeping bag and wrapped herself in it. She had no choice but to go to the gate and ask to use a phone. First, she would make her way down to the beach, however. She didn't know how long they had continued to use her after she had passed out, but her hair was matted with what she could only assume was cum and her body felt sticky and disgusting. She could at least wash herself before she went to call someone to get her... she was in no hurry to explain why she was alone and naked here anyway.


