Before Monday there was Saturday, and his mother's garden party.

To say Eduardo felt sick during most of it was an understatement. He always felt sick at his family's parties, forced to put on a smile and pretend he was the son his father wanted him to be and interact with all the fake people his parents felt the need to impress.

Then there was the excitement and nervousness he felt about the next time he'd see Mark, and the fear the make up he'd borrowed from Christy wouldn't hide the bruises on his neck from his mother who had eyes like a hawk. Plus it was hot as fuck outside. He never knew why his mother insisted on having parties when it was ninety degrees out.

"Eduardo, come here." He quit running his hand down the back of his neck and followed his father.

"This is my son, Eduardo, this is Tyler and Cameron Winklevoss."

"Oh, nice to meet you."

The Winklevosses. He'd heard about them from his father. His father probably spent more time talking about them then talking to his own son. They were the sons of one of the richest businessmen in the country and they were everything he wasn't.

"Tyler was just telling me they've both applied to Harvard, isn't that right, boys?" His father took a drink of his scotch and slightly raised an eyebrow Eduardo's way.

"Right, sir." They looked Eduardo up and down like they'd heard a lot about him, too. Probably about how disappointing he was as a student, athlete and son.

Eduardo might have tried to fuck them both if he wasn't too busy thinking about Mark. Prove to them just how skilled he really was.

"Did you hear about all the renovations they've done there?" Eduardo smiled at them both. "Heard they put in new high ceilings." It was a childish, stupid blow but it made them both shift uncomfortably and well, Eduardo had been sneaking champagne all day and he didn't really care. It was funny, okay.

"That's enough, Eduardo."

"No, I mean, you guys are getting your own specially made dorms, right? Amongst the other giants and mythical creatures?" Even as his father pulled him roughly to the banquet table, fingers digging into the flesh of his bicep, Eduardo kept giggling stupidly.

"Idiot, do you know how important it is to keep on good terms with those two? Do you know who their father is? Do you ever think of anything other than yourself?" His father shook him, shielding him with his body to hide them from the eyes of the crowd but Eduardo knew everyone was watching.

He laughed again, his face flushed red and his stomach threatening to boil over. "Someone has to think of me, father."

There was a flash of something in the man's eyes and Eduardo swore he was about to hit him but he knew he wouldn't, he never did, he would never condescend to hit his son. He didn't care that much.

"Eduardo, have you been drinking?" His mother came up to them then and his father dropped his arm. "Darling, really. You should go upstairs and go to bed before you cause anymore of a scene."

She was actually saving him from anymore embarrassment, but his father nodded at her.

"Right. I'll be in my room." Eduardo kissed his mother on the cheek. "The party was lovely, ma." Before he went upstairs he grabbed another bottle of champagne from the kitchen, ignoring the looks of disapproval from the chefs.

He managed to make it to Monday, after he spent most of Sunday nursing the double hangover from hell. It was like all the drinking he'd done on Friday paired up with the drinking he'd done the day before and conspired against him.

But then came fifth period, and watching Mark, and at one point he swore Mark looked up at him and winked and when did Mark wink? Eduardo smiled at him and guessed he hadn't heard of him being with Sean during any of his classes.

At one point he got up and walked around the classroom, studying each student's progress on their coding and when he passed by Eduardo he ran his thumbnail down the back of his neck. Quick enough so no one saw but effective enough to send chills down Eduardo's spine and make his cock twitch in his pants.

Fuck, fuck, he wanted him now, he wanted him now and he didn't know when he'd have him. He didn't care if he missed the rest of his classes, he reached out and grabbed Mark's wrist and squeezed and let go and when Mark looked down at him he put on most desperate expression and hoped he would give in.

Mark nodded slightly, and Eduardo breathed out in relief.

He took an extra long time packing up his things while everyone else filtered out of class. Before he walked out Chris slapped him on the back and told him he'd see him after school. He thought about Erica and Dustin and figured Chris really wanted to talk but then he was alone in the classroom with Mark and Mark was locking the door and fuck.

Eduardo looked up and smiled at him, biting his bottom lip. "Hey."

Mark walked over to his desk and suddenly picked him up by his collar, pulling him towards the back of the room. He pushed him until he sat on the large shelf that jutted out from the wall and stood between his legs.

Eduardo felt his heart pounding in his chest as Mark leaned in, going to kiss him, and pulling back every time Eduardo went to kiss him back. He started laughing, and Mark just smiled, capturing his mouth and swallowing his next chuckle.

He kissed him like he had missed him. Like he'd been thinking about him just as much as Eduardo had been. He licked into his mouth and ran his hands down his back to grip his ass, pulling him close with a quick jerk and wrapping his legs around his waist.

Eduardo wrapped his arms around Mark's neck as he licked and sucked and nipped his way across his jaw, over to this neck, and for a slight moment Eduardo forgot about Friday night and the feel of Sean's teeth in his neck and Mark opened his warm mouth against his skin and mumbled something that sounded like "long weekend", and then he stopped.

"What is this?"

Fuck, fuck.

"What?"

Mark pulled back and slowly ran two fingers down the side of his neck, over the raised bruise Sean had left. "This isn't from me." Mark pressed his thumb into it, bringing a hiss from Eduardo.

He let his arms drop to his sides and swallowed hard as Mark stepped back and looked at him. His eyes had changed. There was a lightness in them earlier when he had winked at him, something he'd never really seen from Mark before, and now just on a dime they'd changed. He looked at him like he expected to see someone else.

"You went to that party."

No, yeah, Eduardo definitely couldn't breath.

He didn't answer.

"Who did that? Was it Sean? Sean Parker? You went to that party and you fucked Sean Parker like a little fucking slut?" His words were clipped and fast, harshly spit in Eduardo's face.

"I--"

Mark gripped his neck and put a hand over his mouth. "Don't say a word. I told you, I told you Eduardo that you are mine. I told you not to go to that party, and you did it anyway. You did it anyway, and you let some pompous little schoolboy touch you." He let go of his neck and pulled his hand away. "Do you not know how to listen, or do you just want me to punish you?"

Eduardo gaped, shook his head, nodded.

"Say something!" Mark yelled.

"Yes, sir, I'm sorry sir, I deserve to be punished. I acted out, I don't know what I was thinking."

Mark nodded tightly, his eyes not blinking, watering. "That's what you want, to be punished?" Mark turned his back on him, still nodding, like he needed a moment to collect his thoughts. "You want to be punished. Okay." He turned again, and it was like the first day it had all started. All business. He stood straight, looked at him blankly, and put his hands in his pants pockets.

"Come to my house after school. I don't care how you get there, but you had better be there by four. Do you understand, Eduardo?"

"Yes, sir."

Mark walked to the door and unlocked it, leaving Eduardo alone, shaking, and late for his next class.

It was what he'd wanted. Mark ready to punish him, claim him all over again, it was a real reaction from someone for something he'd done wrong because he was always doing things wrong.

But then there had been Mark smiling at him, kissing him like he was someone he wanted and that was over, now. Because no one wanted Eduardo, least of all Mark, he knew that. He had been confused, and hopeful, and Mark would punish him and fuck him because he was hot and he liked doing it. That was all he'd ever been to guys and that was all he'd ever be to Mark.

They had this thing, this fucked up thing and it was all Mark wanted and that was what he wanted, too.

- -

When he got to Mark's, he let him in without a word and sat down on his couch to resume the coding he'd been doing. He told Eduardo to come stand near him and strip off his clothes.

Eduardo thought about his first time at Mark's house, the way they had made out on that very couch like horny teenagers. He took off his uniform slowly and piled each piece of clothing on top of his school bag. When he was finished he stood waiting, naked and cold.

He watched Mark code. He didn't look affected by Eduardo being there, he didn't look affected by anything at all. Every now and then he'd grab his beer and take a drink, and then his fingers would be fast flying over the keyboard again. Eduardo breathed slowly in and out, waiting, waiting, watching.

"Don't look at me." Mark said, his voice low in his throat.

Eduardo looked away and stared straight ahead, his arms down at his sides.

It must have been another twenty minutes before Mark closed his laptop and stood up, passing Eduardo and tossing his empty bottle in the trash. The sound of it hitting the can was loud in the quiet of the living room.

Mark came up behind him and Eduardo's body tensed. He was waiting for him to hit him, spank him, anything, he was shaking from all the waiting. Mark came around and stood in front of him, staring down at his chest.

"Tell me what you did wrong, Eduardo."

"I went to the party."

"And?"

"And I saw Sean."

The sudden, red hot burn of Mark's hand across his cheek made him cry out.

"You just saw Sean?"

Eduardo shut his eyes tight against the pain and felt his cock respond to it. "He sucked my cock."

"What else?" Mark was inches away, his breath warm on the cool skin of his neck.

"I jerked him off."

Mark ran a nail down the length of his chest, not hard enough to pierce the skin but hard enough to hurt. "Did you enjoy it?"

"Y-yes."

"Did you come in his mouth?"

"Yes."

Mark looked down at Eduardo's cock, which was quickly going from half-hard to full on, as if it was a computer issue to be solved. "Does talking about this turn you on?"

"No, no."

"No?" Mark gripped his dick, hard, and squeezed it until Eduardo hissed through his teeth. "Be honest, Eduardo."

"No, it's, the slap," Eduardo struggled to speak. Mark let go and stepped back a couple inches.

"You like it when I hurt you?"

"Yes."

"Look at me."

Eduardo met Mark's eyes, and he didn't know what he'd expected to find there, but he found almost nothing. They were dark, but blank, and he looked like he was talking to him about binary code.

Then he slapped him again, on the same cheek as before, and Eduardo bit his lip accidentally as his face snapped to the side. His face and lip throbbed with pain, blood dripping slowly down his chin.

Fuck, he did like it. It was supposed to be punishment, but it felt so damn good.

"Go to the bedroom. Now."

Eduardo quickly walked to Mark's bedroom and stood in front of his bed, running his thumb over his lip and sucking away the blood. Mark came up next to him and slapped his hand away, leaning in and sucking hard on his lip before sinking his teeth deep into the flesh, making it bleed even more.

Just as quick, he pulled away, licking his lips which were red and shining, and pointed to a spot on the floor.

"Get on your knees facing away from the wall."

Eduardo did, kneeling down in front of a wall that had a shelf nailed into it above him. Mark pulled something from his nightstand, fucking shit, handcuffs, and grabbed Eduardo's wrists pulling his arms over his head. He cuffed him to one of the metal posts of the shelf. It was high enough that Eduardo's arms strained even if he sat up straight, his chest and stomach pulled tight.
Mark stood in front of him and undid his belt buckle. "I'm going to tell you what's going to happen." Eduardo watched his fingers swiftly undo his button and zipper, pushing his pants down and pulling his cock out of his underwear. "I'm going to fuck your mouth. Then I'm going to take you to bed and tie you back up, spreading you out and spreading you open. I'm going to spank you. Then I'm going to use a large dildo on you. I'm going to push it in until you can't take anymore, and then I'm going to push it in even further."

Eduardo's breathing was fast against Mark's cock bobbing in front of his face, his fingers gripping it firm at the base. His heart was pounding rapidly in his chest and his mind was racing with Mark's words.

"Then I'm going to leave you there. For how long, I don't know. You're not allowed to speak unless I tell you to. You're not allowed to come unless I tell you to. Nod if you understand."

Eduardo nodded, and opened his mouth obediently as soon as Mark pressed the head of his cock to his lips.

He wasn't gentle with him. He didn't let Eduardo get used to him or take his time. He just pushed his cock into his mouth, gripped his head, and fucked it like he said he would.

Eduardo's eyes watered and eventually tears spilled over onto his cheeks. He breathed quickly through his nose, trying not to gag whenever Mark's dick hit the back of his throat. If he did, Mark yanked on his hair and pushed even harder into his mouth.

His arms and his knees ached, and Mark's hands on his head hurt where he pressed in his nails. But still, his own cock was hard and dripping on his thigh. He'd wanted this, he wanted this. Mark's prick hot on his tongue, slipping past his lips and dripping bitter down the back of his throat.

Eduardo heard Mark breathe faster above him, saw his stomach clenching beyond the blur of tears in his eyes, he could taste that he was close, and he moved his tongue back and let his teeth graze beneath him.

Mark swore and doubled over, leaning his hand on the wall and coming in hard, short bursts. His hips jerked onto Eduardo's face and he couldn't help it, he coughed and gagged, most of Mark's come spilling out of his mouth and down his chin. He pulled away and put his pants back on, tucking himself inside them as if nothing had just happened. He unlocked the handcuffs and Eduardo's arms fell down to his sides, weak and sore.

He tried to catch Mark's eye but it was like he was purposely not looking down at him. Eduardo rubbed his wrists quickly, trying to get blood flowing back into his hands. He'd swallowed most of Mark's come, but some of it was still wet on his mouth and chin.

His eyes still burned from tearing and his heart still raced in his chest. Yes, Mark was punishing him, this is what he'd expected, but he felt disconnected from him. Which was the last thing he wanted.

“Get on the bed.”

Mark hadn't lied. Mark cuffed him to his headboard and tied his ankles to his bed posts like that time he'd rimmed him until he could barely speak. But now he didn't lick his way down the length of his back, or press his thumbs into his ass with slow pressure.

He just got on the bed behind him and spanked him, hard, without any pretense or warning. Just relentless hits over and over, making him squirm and groan. He clenched his ass tight and Mark just hit him even harder. “Relax, or I'll use something other than my hand, you fucking slut.”

His voice was deeper, breathless, he sounded tense and angry. Mark, even when he was fucking him hard against the wall, pining his wrists against it and gasping filthy things into his ear, never sounded angry with him.

Eduardo tried to savor the cool air on his ass when Mark quit, knowing it would be red and sore for days, but then Mark was onto the next thing on his list before he could have a moment to relax.

He nudged his legs opened more with his thighs. Eduardo turned his head to the side and tried to see what Mark was getting as he leaned over his body, but Mark reached down and pushed his face into the pillow.

“Don't move.”

Eduardo heard the click of a bottle cap opening and closing. Then there was something blunt and slick nudging his opening. Mark didn't ask, or warn, he just pushed. Eduardo mouthed at the pillow in a silent cry as the dildo went into him inch by thick inch.

He must have fucked him for an hour. Stretching him out, making him yell and moan, gasp and whimper. Eduardo wanted to swear, scream, beg, (for more or less?), but he bit into his already bitten lip and resisted. The only relief he got was the friction of the sheets below him, but he was tied so taunt he couldn't move his hips enough to get off.

“You like this?”

Eduardo moaned into the pillow.

“Answer me.” Mark pushed into him harder, deeper, and Eduardo whined.

“Yes, yes sir, God yes.”

“Dirty fucking whore.”

He was full and fucked and desperate, and then he was empty and needy and alone.

Mark just left the room without saying anything. Eduardo waited for what felt like forever until he couldn't help it, he wound up falling asleep.

When he woke, he was still tied and hard again, and Mark was fucking him.

“Oh, God.” Eduardo mumbled, still drunk with sleep and exhaustion, and Mark scraped his nails down his back.

“No talking.” Mark was breathless already, pumping his cock steady into him, his hair tickling the back of his neck with every push.

Eduardo just groaned and pressed his forehead into the pillow, trying to arch his back against Mark. His chest slipped and slid on him, sweat wetting them both, and it made each thrust of his hips smooth and quick.

“Do you want to come?” Marked breathed into his ear, hot words on his skin.

“Yes, please, sir.”

“Do you think I should let you come?”

Oh, God. “No, sir, no. I was bad, so, ugh, bad, I don't deserve to.”

“Beg me.”

Eduardo begged and pleaded, his whole body aching for release and relief. Mark fucked him harder, faster, gripping his shoulders and pounding into him without mercy. Eduardo thought it would never end and then Mark angled his hips right, reached down and stroked his cock once, and Eduardo was coming, fuck, so hard, all over the bed and himself, his muscles screaming and his head aching and it felt so, so, goddamn good.

Mark pulled out of him and got up, Eduardo wasn't even sure if he had come himself.

Then he was releasing his wrists and ankles, and Eduardo rolled over onto his back. He gasped for breath and held his arms and legs close to his body, looking over at Mark. He was naked and sweaty, and his cock was still hard. Eduardo was exhausted but he still wanted to get him off.

“Mark.” He choked out.

Mark glanced over to him from where he was putting the cuffs away, and looked back just as quickly. “You should go now.”

Eduardo's chest hurt. “But I wanted -”

“Eduardo. Get out.” Mark's words were cut and dry, hard and loud in the still quiet house.

Mark turned walked into the bathroom, shutting the door.

Eduardo stared at the ceiling for a moment, drawing in quick breaths to stop the tears forming in his eyes. This was something more than punishment.

Eduardo heard the shower start in the bathroom and got up, going into the living room to put on his clothes even though he was still sticky with sweat and come.

He walked out the door and down the sidewalk towards the bus stop. He tried to think about the homework he had to do that night. How he needed to call Chris and talk to him about Dustin. How he had plans with Christy the next day. Anything but how he felt like a fuck up. A slut. An idiot.

It was only when people on the bus started staring at him did he realize that he was crying. He ran a hand down his face and sniffed, staring out the window and pressing his forehead against it.

He was sore and tired and he felt sick. He told himself it was from staring at the rolling concrete below and closed his eyes. 
- -

Eduardo couldn't sleep that night.

When he got home he ignored his mother's calls from the living room asking where he'd been, bounded up the stairs and went to his bathroom. He stripped off his clothes and studied himself in the mirror. He looked like he had been beaten up.

His hair was a mess, his lip was crusted with blood and swollen red, he had dark bruises around his wrists and ankles and various others all over his body. There were tear stains on his cheeks and the skin beneath his eyes was puffy and dark. He turned and looked at his ass, the skin still tinged red and sore to the touch.

Eduardo took a shower and groaned as the hot water soothed his muscles. He didn't feel like jerking off, even though he got hard, recalling even Mark's roughest touch and missing it.

He'd missed dinner, and didn't feel like going downstairs to deal with his mother and their staff. He ate half a crushed power bar that was in his bag and tried to sleep.

His heart wouldn't quit racing. It was like Mark was still there, just above him somewhere, not quite touching him. He could still smell him, taste him on his tongue. Eduardo didn't know what had happened, he didn't understand any of it.

He'd been stupid.

He'd been horny.

He'd wanted to get a rise out of Mark, yeah, but it wasn't like they were together. He was his, but that was just a game, right? Mark didn't actually care about him. He didn't even know him. He hadn't taken the time to know him, all they'd done together was fuck and, well, that was it.

But for some reason he felt like he'd actually cheated on Mark. Like he should really apologize.

Eduardo buried his face in his pillow and groaned. He got up and looked for the few joints in a bag he kept taped to the back of his sock drawer. Nothing else was going to calm his nerves and all he wanted to do was sleep.

He sat on the floor with his back against his bed, scratching idly at his bare stomach as he smoked. He thought about what would happen if his dad walked in then and laughed. His dad hadn't been in his room in months.

Eduardo decided he would apologize to Mark tomorrow. Then he wouldn't fuck around anymore, even if the response he got was intense and fucking hot as hell. He just wanted Mark, really, he hadn't even wanted Sean. Ugh, Sean. He was happy he hadn't run into him today, he was going to have to deal with him next time he did.

Eduardo yawned and went to his bathroom to flush the last bit of joint down the toilet. He went back to bed and tried to relax as he let the pot do it's job on his body. His wrists still ached. But the pain felt good. He fell asleep concentrating on the dull throbbing.

- -

The first person he ran into the next morning was, of course, Sean.

"Wardo! Man! Where you been?"

Sean followed him as he walked down the hall towards Mark's classroom, and stopped as Eduardo paused. Fuck, he couldn't have found him anywhere else?

"Hey, Sean. Look, I gotta get to class, I-"

"Don't worry man, the late bell hasn't even rung. Hey, I missed you Friday night. Where'd you run off to?" Sean was standing way too close.

"I got, uh, I drank too much. Christy took me home." He cleared his throat. "S-sorry."

Sean just smiled. "No big. So you wanna, like, do something this weekend?" Sean was definitely too close and leaning into him, one hand on the wall behind Eduardo.

"Uh, I don't, I don't think I can?"

Sean mocked frowned, and then raised an eyebrow at him. "Come on, I thought we had fun. I know I did, didn't you?"

Eduardo looked down at his shoes, inwardly screaming at Sean to get the fuck out of his face. "No, yeah, it was fun, Sean. I just, I-" Eduardo looked up and glanced down the hall, only to see Mark walking in from the main door. He definitely saw him and Sean.

Just. Shit.

"Look, I'll text you, alright? I really have to go." Eduardo ducked under Sean's arm and walked quickly towards the class door just as the late bell rang.

He got to his seat and figured Mark would be staring daggers at him when he looked up, but Mark just began writing on the board, rambling on about their assignment for the day.

"Hey!" Chris whispered at him. Eduardo turned and noticed the red tint to his eyes. Fuck.

"Can we talk after class?" He looked fucking desperate, and depressed, and Eduardo was the worst fucking friend ever. He nodded at him, opening his laptop and began working. He tried to catch Mark's eye during class but he was working on his own thing, completely oblivious to anyone else. At one point a girl got up to ask him a question, and he barely responded, pointing towards something on the board and mumbling a little.

After class he was whisked outside by Chris and didn't even get a chance to look at Mark again.

"So what the fuck, Wardo? You're not answering texts, calls, you've been ducking us all before school. What the hell is going on?"

"I know, Chris. I'm sorry. I've just had a lot going on."

"Yeah, well, Dustin hasn't even talked to me since the party. I heard he and Erica have a date this weekend. What kind of crack was she smoking last Friday?"

Eduardo smiled. "Hey, must have been the same crack you smoke all the time. You need to tell Dustin how you feel, Chris."

"He's straight, Wardo. It doesn't matter how I feel. Besides, he's known for fucking years now, he has to have." But he didn't look convinced.

"It doesn't matter. It's eating you up, look at you. Dude, just tell him. If he rejects you, whatever. It's gotta be better than this pining away bullshit." Eduardo clapped him on the back and nodded. "Okay?"

Chris nodded back, chewing on his lip. "Yeah. You gonna be at lunch today?"

"Uh, no. Sorry. I gotta do some studying. But I'll stick around after school, you wanna get something to eat?"

"Yeah, alright." They said goodbye as the late bell goes off. Eduardo swore, and rushed off to his next class. He'd have to talk to Mark during lunch. He just hoped he didn't get any more angry by then.

- -

At lunch, just as Eduardo was heading towards Mark's classroom, Christy came up out of no where and grabbed him by the arm.

"Babe! I've been looking for you everywhere." She studied his face for moment, seeing what Chris had missed. "What's wrong with your lip?"

"Uh, just, accidentally bit it when I sneezed." Yeah, that was convincing.

Christy laughed, tugging him towards the dining hall. "Yeah, I'll bet. You've been sneaking off with Sean, haven't you?"

"What? No. Who's been saying that?"

"It's obvious. Someone saw you talking this morning, you looked very intimate."

Oh, well. That was just wonderful.

"No, Christy, I'm not with Sean. It was one stupid hook-up, alright? And I really can't have lunch today, I need to study."

"You've never studied this much, Wardo. You need food. No excuses. Oh, look! Grilled chicken salad."

So yeah, he never got to talk to Mark during lunch either.

By the end of the day, Eduardo had been assigned two new book reports and was told he had to study for three tests in the coming week, and he felt like he weighed five hundred pounds walking to Mark's classroom. He hoped he was still there, since Mark usually left two seconds after the final bell rang.

When Eduardo got to the classroom, the door was locked. He looked through the little window and it was empty. Fuck. He had definitely left already.

Eduardo sighed, pinching the bridge of his nose and shutting his eyes against his pounding headache. He made his way to the nearest bathroom and went in to splash some water on his face.

It took him a minute to register what was happening when he entered the bathroom. He stood at the door, and realized that there was someone else there. More than one person. There were sounds, muffled sounds, coming from the stall at the far end, and he could see two pairs of feet beneath the door.

He remembered looking down at Sean's shoes earlier that morning.

He recognized the other pair, too.

Someone moaned. Loud.

Mark.

There was another sound, a sigh and a huff of breath.

Sean.

Eduardo felt bile rising in his throat but he turned and ran down the hallway towards the main doors. He bent over the nearby bushes and threw up. Grilled chicken salad. Half a bag of Doritos. He could taste it on his tongue coming up and it made him feel even more nauseated.

Eduardo wiped his mouth and felt tears stinging his eyes. He didn't know if it was from the vomiting or from what he'd just seen.

Eduardo ran towards the parking lot and saw Tim waving at him.

"Hey. Hey, you alright?"

He must had looked like complete shit. "I, I think I have a stomach virus."

Tim nodded and opened the door for him. Eduardo got in quick, before Chris could come around looking for him.

His hands were shaking. He looked down at them in his lap as the car started and felt his stomach churn again looking at the dark rings around his wrists. He pulled his jacket sleeves down to his knuckles and stared out the window.

On the way home, he had to ask Tim to stop so he could throw up again.

- -
His mother greeted him the minute he walked in the door.

“Honey! So glad you're home. You've been spending so much time away, lately. Anyhow, we need to talk about your birthday.”

Eduardo nodded. “What?”

“Your birthday, sweetie. I was thinking of just a nice, quiet dinner with you and your friends. Invite Christy, of course, lovely girl. Why did you ever break up with her?”

He felt like he was going to pass out. “Mom, I really have to pee.”

“Oh, okay. We'll talk about it later.”

Upstairs, Eduardo dropped his bag on his bedroom floor and pulled off his jacket slowly. He kept hearing the sounds of Mark and Sean together in his head. Eduardo could tell that Mark had Sean against the wall. He could picture it, now, Sean with his eyes closed as Mark reached down into his pants and touched him. Mark's mouth all over him, Sean getting harder with each kiss and suck.

Eduardo turned on his computer. He put on some random, loud music, and laid on his bed. He could still hear Mark and Sean moaning, but the music drowned it out somewhat.

He closed his eyes tight and felt them burn with unshed tears.

He couldn't really think about anything.

Somehow he made it through dinner. Somehow he managed to do some homework. Chris called him but he ignored it. He just, he couldn't deal with that.

And then somehow it was the next day and he was getting dressed and it hit him he was going to see Mark. He was going to see him, and he was going to see him almost every day for the rest of the year. He was going to have to think about how Mark had touched Sean like he had touched him.

His hands shake buttoning up his shirt and he gave up after he got it done halfway.

He went through his first block of classes on autopilot. By lunch he felt like a zombie, going through the motions of school. Chris ignored him at lunch and Eduardo wanted to feel bad about it but he can't feel much of anything at all.

He was acting pathetic, he knew that. He was acting weak and stupid and he had done the same exact thing, anyhow.

But he couldn't stop wondering if Sean's skin was bruised by Mark. If underneath his clothes he wore the same marks Eduardo did.

Christy ate his salad and Dustin ate his pizza. Eduardo didn't eat anything. He didn't really talk either. Everyone probably thought his parents, or more likely, his father, and he let them. No one ever asked. Because no one ever knew what to say.

He wound up skipping Computer Science.

And his next period. He went to hide out in the library, roaming the stacks and pretending he was supposed to be there. It was a little comforting. Eduardo always enjoyed reading, enjoyed being in libraries among books older than himself, older than most of the people he knew. The wood shelves made the place smell good and the weight of the books in his hands felt familiar, nice.

He turned a corner and ran straight into Mark.

“Oh. Hey. Skipping sixth period, too, huh?”

Eduardo just stared at him for a moment before he grabbed his hand and pulled him toward back of the aisle.

He backed him up against a shelf before he knew what he was doing and Mark grimaced as his head hit the wood. “What are you doing?” But his eyes were dark, and he wasn't really asking him a question.

He was wearing his glasses and staring down at him through the lenses like he hadn't done anything. Like his mouth, his stupid red, soft mouth, hadn't been on Sean and his hands, which were at his hips and pulling him closer, hadn't done the same to Sean and Eduardo felt himself grow hot and cold at once.

Mark looked down the aisle before pressing a hand to the front of Eduardo's trousers. “You think you can be quiet, Eduardo?”

He didn't want this. He wanted to talk. But he didn't want to talk, he wanted to yell, and he wanted Mark to touch him. He shook his head, then nodded.

“Yes or no?”

“Yes.” His voice sounded broken.

Mark leaned in and ran his nose down Eduardo's neck as he palmed his cock.

“We could get caught.”

Mark pressed his hand harder, gripped him through the fabric, and Eduardo gasped. “Is that being quiet?”

Eduardo shook his head and closed his eyes. Mark was still against the stacks, but he was still the one in control. Fuck, he could go and do whatever he wanted and come back to Eduardo and still do this to him and Eduardo swore and pushed his hand away.

“I saw you with Sean.” Eduardo whispered, practically hissed in Mark's face. Which was blank, eyes indecipherable beneath his lowered brow.

“Yeah.” He wasn't asking him a question, again.

Eduardo felt his stomach flip, his cock go soft. He was just fucking angry. “Why?”

Mark shrugged. He put his hands in his pockets and stood up straighter. Someone walked past them wordlessly and Eduardo didn't even acknowledge them. “You seemed to enjoy him. I thought I'd see what he was like.”

There was a mocking tone to his voice. Eduardo clenched his jaw and shook his head. “You fuck around with the entire school, then?”

“Eduardo, if that was any of your business, I would let you know. As such, it's not. Although I did plan on telling you how Sean was. He was more girly than I'd figured he'd be, what did you think?”

Eduardo narrowed his eyes. “Why would you do that?”

He shrugged again. “You like it when I hurt you.”

Eduardo felt all the air go out of the room. His chest felt tight and he actually wanted to cry. His fists clenched at his sides. “Yeah. Well. Not anymore.”

Mark nodded, his lips tightening. “Okay. You were free to go whenever you wanted, Eduardo.” He said it like a slap to the face. Like he hadn't wanted him around in the first place.

“Don't forget about the test on Tuesday.”

Then Eduardo was alone, staring at blurring book spines in front of him.

- -

Eduardo spent the next two weeks trying to go back to normal. Normal meant getting up in the morning, going to school, and actually talking to his friends. Normal meant going to class and doing his work. Normal meant coming home and being ignored by his father and fawned over by his mother. It meant wearing whatever he wanted, however he wanted. It meant jerking off whenever he felt like it.

It meant being a student in Mr. Zuckerberg's fifth period Computer Science class. Which was all he was.

During class he barely looked at Mark, and Mark never looked at him. He did his work, he turned it in, and he sat there like any other kid. Randomly surfing online when he was sick of working. Texting Chris who was right next to him.

If he started to think about if Mark was watching him, or thinking about him, or if he was still messing around with Sean, or remembering how it felt to have Mark's hands on his body, he pushed those thoughts away.

All of the marks on him had faded away.

Then his eighteenth birthday came.

- -

Yeah, it was a quiet little affair. Awkward as hell. Most of his family was still living in Brazil, so it was just him and his parents, Christy, Dustin and Chris.

Dustin and Chris were a couple, now. One day Chris was miserable and the next morning Eduardo had walked to their meeting spot at school and saw them holding hands.

“I just, I just told him.” Chris said once Dustin had left for the library and kissed Chris goodbye, blushing when Eduardo winked at him. “He was over and we were watching Made and, oh shut up! Anyway, I just said it, said that Erica was great but I love him and do you know what he said?”

“No, I don't.” Eduardo was smiling.

“He said, well he said 'holy fucking shitballs', first. Then he said he never thought I'd be interested in a guy like him. Like he wasn't good enough for me, or some kind of crazy shit like that!” Chris shook his head. “So I just kissed the idiot.”

Eduardo had slapped him on the back and congratulated him.

Now they were googly eyed with each other. Which was great, really really great. Eduardo was really happy for them. But it made him feel slightly depressed, also.

Then there was his parents. His mother was as usual trying to make everything seem better than it was. His father was, of course, ignoring him and talking to his friends about their college plans.

“Eduardo, you got those applications in, right? Harvard, especially?”

“Yes, father.” Eduardo took another drink of champagne. His mother always let him drink on his birthday.

“Dustin, Chris, you're good students, right?” They nodded, clearly uncomfortable. His father just acted like Christy wasn't even there. To him, women tended to be more decoration than anything else. Eduardo watched his mother smiling politely above her plate of flank steak, and Eduardo felt like screaming.

“Um, I think Wardo is working on something for his environmental science class, right?” Dustin said, wincing when Chris kicked him under the table. Chris knew what not to say around his father.

“Science. Why would you waste your time with that, Eduardo? You should be concentrating on the important things.”

“It's a required course, father.” Another drink.

“Could I get some more water, please?” Christy asked his mother, who nodded quickly and motioned to the waiting maid.

“You need to up your course load next semester. We let you slide this year so far. Your mother went in for that 'needing a break before senior year' bull. You need more extra curriculars if you're going to get into Harvard.”

Eduardo ground his teeth in the back and avoided the eyes of his friends.

“Does being a huge disappointment count as a extra-”

“Time for cake!” His mother interrupted, giving him a stern look.

Eduardo held in a groan as his cake was brought out and his friends all awkwardly sang to him.

“I have some paperwork to go over in my office.” His father said before they'd even cut into the thing. “Happy birthday, son.”

Eduardo just toasted his glass towards him as he walked out of the dining room. His mother pretended not to care and went into the kitchen to help get more plates.

“Hey, chocolate!” Dustin said, to break the awkward silence.

“Mmhmm. A delicious consolation for the worst birthday ever.” Eduardo downed his champagne and put the glass down hard enough to knock it over. “Who wants to get out of here?”

“Wardo, we shouldn't leave your mom.” Christy nodded toward the kitchen.

“Well, I'm going.” As he stood, he felt all the blood rush to his head and he laughed. “And someone should drive, because I. Cannot.”

Chris sighed. “I got my car.”

“Great! Let's go.” Eduardo swiped his finger across the top of his cake, smudging the frosting off the 'Eduardo', and licked it off.

It was time to have some real fun.

- -

Eduardo made Chris take them to a new club in downtown Miami. Eduardo got them their own VIP area in the back, throwing his credit card to the nearest hostess, knowing if they got carded he could pay her off until she didn't care. They sat down and he ordered drinks right away.

“It's all on me, the birthday boy.” He was going to have fun tonight. He was going to find a boy and make out with him. Maybe more. It didn't matter, because he could do whatever he wanted. He drank half his rum and coke the minute it arrived and told the girl to keep them coming.

“Wardo, man, easy.” Chris said as Dustin told him to chug. Chris sent him a look and Dustin bit his lip.

“Chris, just make out with Dustin, alright? It's fine. Christy, do you want to dance?”

He took her hand and they walked to the dance floor. Christy still seemed worried about something, probably his mother, but he wasn't and he didn't want to be. He pulled her close and danced her in circles until she laughed against his chest.

“You're gonna me want to puke, stop!” But she was still laughing. That's what he wanted. His friends to have a good time. He wanted everyone to be happy.

He didn't care if Mark was happy, though.

As the night wore on, Eduardo ordered shots for everyone, danced more with Christy, once with Dustin, and moved on to some cute blonde guy who kept grabbing his ass. He liked it, though. He told him he had nice hands. He liked hands.

There was a guy in the bathroom with curly hair. He wound up shoving his tongue down his throat against one of the stalls. When he offered him some coke he nodded, not really registering what he was doing until the stuff was in his nose.

When he went back out into the club, Eduardo felt his heart beating faster. He looked around and saw Chris and Dustin making out on the floor, and Christy grinding with some guy. Eduardo swallowed hard and went over to their booth to finish his drink.

The alcohol burned his throat as it went down, and when Eduardo looked up he saw a familiar face a couple booths down. He smiled, and ran a hand through his hair before making his way over.

“Isn't this place a bit small for you?”

Tyler Winklevoss looked over at him from where he'd been talking to a friend. One eyebrow came up as he smiled at him, amused. “Eduardo Saverin. Still with the jokes, I see.”

Eduardo shrugged. “Hey, just kidding around.”

Tyler nodded and told him to sit down. “I see you've been having a good night.” He barely had to raise his voice over the beat of the music, it was already so booming.

“It's my birthday! I'm legal tonight. Well, legal enough.” Legal enough for some people.

“Hey, happy birthday, then! Let me get you another drink, as a gift.”

“Eduardo!” Chris came up behind him then and put a hand on his shoulder. “You alright?” He leered at Tyler. “Hi.”

Tyler saluted him and Eduardo giggled. His blood was pumping faster in his veins and he could feel it. “I'm great. Chris! This is Tyler Winklevoss, my father wishes I was him!” Eduardo yelled nearly in Chris's ear.

“Great. Wardo, you look really weird. Did you take something?”

Eduardo shrugged him off. He took his drink when it arrived and chugged it back, not even knowing what it was. Tyler cheered him on and laughed.

“Dude, I didn't think you'd like to party so much!”

Tyler looked at his mouth when Eduardo licked his lips. Tyler looked really fucking hot. His shirt was clean and pressed, the collar undone low, his pants dark and tight and he was goddamn huge. Eduardo felt like he couldn't sit down any longer.

“Hey, you want to dance?” He yelled at Tyler. His friends laughed at him but he ignored them.

Tyler nodded. “Sure, why not?”

Tyler was huge. Fucking huge. He towered over Eduardo, and if he was anywhere else, feeling any other way, he'd have been intimidated. But he felt great. Really, great.

So Tyler liked boys, too. Eduardo didn't know how many people knew, but he was sure of it by the way Tyler looked down at him. The way he smiled at him, the way his hip brushed against his. It was obvious because they were dancing at all. He didn't know many straight guys that would dance with other guys, at least not at his school.

When Tyler pulled him close and Eduardo felt him pressing on him, he moaned. The sound was drowned out by the music pounding through them. God, he felt so good. He wanted to pull Tyler's pants off right there and suck him off. He was sweating from dancing so much and he felt hot and horny and he wanted to suck on a cock so bad.

Eduardo ran his hands down Tyler's chest and cupped him through his slacks. He watched him close his eyes as he gripped his shoulder hard with one of his huge hands. Eduardo fucking loved his hands.

“Do you want to get out of here?” Tyler said, brushing his mouth across his ear. Eduardo nodded too many times and Tyler laughed at him again, pulling him over back to his booth.

Tyler said goodbye to his friends and Eduardo nodded at them, wanting to hurry before one of his friends saw him leaving. He didn't need their grief right then. He just wanted to fuck.

Outside it had gotten cold and Eduardo registered leaving his coat behind but he didn't care enough to go back for it. Tyler lead him to the front as the valet pulled up in his Benz. He barely nodded at the guy as he threw him his keys and Tyler passed him a tip. Eduardo got in the passenger seat and before he knew it they were gone.

Eduardo breathed in deep as the wind blew icy on his face through the window. The lights of the street blurred and glowed before his eyes. He looked over at Tyler and thought how he took up much more room in a car than Mark did.

“Where are we going?” Eduardo said, teasing.

Tyler looked over at him from the corner of his eye, the side of his mouth quirking up in a smile. “There's a hotel right down the road.”

Eduardo nodded, quickly. “Sounds good.” Sounded great. He was already hard, he was so ready and needy and he wanted Tyler to put his weight on top of him because he felt like he was going to explode right out of his skin.

Another valet, another plush carpet, and they were checking into some place Eduardo didn't even register. In the elevator he waited for Tyler to kiss him, and when he didn't, he pushed Tyler against one of the mirrored walls and licked into his mouth.

Tyler groaned and grabbed him, held him close, pulled him in by his ass. He kissed too slow, Eduardo increased the pace and wound up scraping his teeth across his bottom lip by accident. Tyler groaned again, louder.

“Fuck, the doors opened.” Tyler motioned toward the hall and Eduardo laughed, walking out of the elevator. They made their way to their room and Tyler opened the door with his key card.

“I hope it has a nice view.” Eduardo smacked his ass and Tyler yelped, laughing.

They walked in and Tyler went into the bathroom to take a piss while Eduardo spotted the bar on the other side of the room. Before Tyler came out he'd downed some scotch and was pouring himself another.

“Whoa, hey! Back it down, Saverin.”

Eduardo giggled and shook his head. He had to pee, too, he realized. Which was the only reason Tyler got the glass out of his hand.

When he was done he washed his hands and glanced at himself in the mirror. His hair was a fucking mess, his cheeks were red, and his eyes were dilated to hell. He drank some water from the tap with his hands and used his wet palms to fix his hair. He was still hard. He still wanted to do this.

When he went back out to the room, Tyler was laying back on the bed with his feet still on the floor flipping through the tv. Eduardo marveled at the way the man took up half the bed. Fuck.

“Hey.” He said, his chest hurting a bit.

Tyler looked over at him and smiled. “Hey.” He put down the remote and nodded at him. “Come here.”

Eduardo made his way to the bed and stood between Tyler's legs. He sat up, his hands, his huge fucking hands on his waist and Eduardo leaned down and kissed him. Hard.

Tyler practically picked him up, pulling him on top of him and placing him on the bed. Eduardo laughed as Tyler leaned over and kissed his neck, chuckling against his skin.

“You're so fucking big and strong and fuck!” Eduardo was probably talking way too loud. Tyler laughed again.

“Right where it counts.” He hooked a leg around both of Eduardo's and crawled over him, taking his hands and putting his arms over his head. He held them down as he kissed hot and wet into his mouth. Eduardo could feel his cock on his hip and he wrapped his legs around his waist.

“You're so fucking hot.” Tyler mumbled past his lips, reaching one hand down to undo his shirt. Then his big, warm hand was all over his chest and rubbing on his stomach, undoing his pants and reaching down, covering his cock completely and, and, fuck it was hot, it was really hot on the bed, in the room, he was hot and –

“Jesus.” Eduardo breathed. He couldn't breathe. He couldn't breathe. “Tyler, I can't, I can't-”

Tyler pulled his hand back and looked up. “What?”

Eduardo laid his legs on the bed and struggled beneath Tyler's hold. “I can't, please,” He choked out, realizing he was beginning to cry.

Tyler sat up quickly, letting him go, and Eduardo crawled back towards the head of the bed and put his face in his hands.

“I'm sorry, I don't know what's wrong with me.” His hands were wet with tears and he was panting he was crying so hard.

“Hey, hey, it's alright. Relax, fuck. Let me get you some water.”

He felt like dying. He felt like all the air in the room was gone and his chest was about to burst and he was tired, exhausted, and still drunk and he didn't want Tyler anymore. He didn't know what he wanted. Eduardo wiped a hand over his face, wiped it on the bedspread and when Tyler came back with a glass of water drank it all in four big gulps.

He licked his lips and placed the glass on the nightstand with a shaking hand. He took long, deep breaths for a couple moments until his heart didn't feel like it was racing anymore.

“Better?” Tyler asked, his voice sincerely sounding concerned. Eduardo nodded, not wanting to look at him. He was humiliated.

“It's – It's been a tough couple weeks. I'm sorry, it's not you.”

Tyler scoffed, sitting next him on the bed. “Of course not. I mean, look at me.” He gave Eduardo a small smile and Eduardo's mouth quirked up a bit. He still felt dizzy. “What, uh. Ha. I'm not the best conversationalist, that's one of my brother's traits, but um. What happened?”

Eduardo shook his head. God, was he really breaking down in front of Tyler Winklevoss? “I fuck everything up.”

Tyler just nodded. Eduardo bet he'd never fucked anything up in his life.

A stray tear fell down his cheek and Eduardo took in another deep breath. “I just do really stupid things. Stupid things with the wrong people. And the wrong things with the right people. I don't, I'm not making any sense.”

“No, I get it.” But he didn't say anything else. “Do you want me to take you home?”

Eduardo nodded. “I'm sorry about tonight.”

“Forget about it. You are really hot though, my dick's kinda sad.”

Eduardo laughed out loud and Tyler helped pull him off the bed and stand.

Out in the car, Eduardo laid his head back against the seat and closed his eyes, letting the wind dry the tears on his cheeks into stains. Tyler asked him for his address and he mumbled off an answer.

He must have fallen asleep because soon Tyler had his hand on his shoulder and they were parked.

“Right, sorry. Thank you.” Eduardo ran a hand over his face. “Really.”

Tyler shrugged. “Don't tell anyone I'm a nice guy.”

Eduardo laughed, opening the car door. His stomach dropped a little and he turned back. “Uh, please don't -”

“I won't tell anyone. Least of all your father. That guy's a dick.”

Eduardo nodded. “Yeah. Thanks, again.”

Eduardo made his way up the drive as Tyler drove off. He pressed the doorbell and stood waiting, closing his eyes for a second.

When the door opened a moment later he swayed on his feet and stumbled right into Mark's arms.