Birth Control - a Story
 by Delta Venus

Copyright 2009


My daughter Amanda is a real handful, and I'm about at my wits
end. Shortly after puberty, with her hormones in full flush, she
became a disobedient, rebellious slut. She wouldn't listen to a
word I said, let alone do what I told her, and started fucking
like a bunny. Worse than just being promiscuous, she absolutely
refused to have anything to do with any form of birth control. It
wasn't that she wanted to get pregnant, she just didn't care if
she did. Condoms didn't feel right, the pill was a weird
chemical, the rythym method was too limiting, whatever form it
took, she wasn't about to do anything about birth control.
Nothing short of a beating had any effect on her behavior, and I
was afraid to kick her ass for fear of going to jail and having
her wind up in foster care - pregnant.


She may not have cared about having a baby, but I sure did. I had
her when I was seventeen and raised her as a single mother, and
the thought of caring for another infant on my own gave me fits.
I knew she wouldn't take any of the responsibility, so it would
fall on me, and I wasn't going to go through that again! After
two abortions, which didn't seem to phase her, although I'd had
to practically drag her to the doctor to get them done, I knew I
had to do something drastic. I didn't want to ruin her chances of
having a normal family when she grew up, hopefully growing out of
this horned-out irresponsible phase, so getting her tubes tied or
anything permanent was out of the question, and she wasn't going
to do anything for herself, so I hatched a desperate plan. I
would be her birth control.


At first she absolutely refused to believe I was serious, but
when she finally did come around, I could tell by the wicked
gleam in her eyes that she was really intrigued by the
possibilites my offer might bring. Good. The more I appealed to
her kinky nature, the more interested she was, the more likely
she would go along with my crazy scheme, and the more chance I
would have to keep her from getting knocked up by one of her many
boyfriends. The first time happened very soon after that
discussion. One of Amanda's many boy toys had come over after she
got home from school, and it wasn't long before she called me
upstairs, to find out if I was going to go through with it.


"Oh, mommy! Would you come up here please?"


She seemed determined to make me as uncomfortable as she possibly
could, and have a lot of fun at my expense. She was overdoing the
little girl bit on purpose, she hadn't called me "mommy" in
years. I couldn't have cared less. I was going to keep her from
getting pregnant, and to hell with my dignity or anything else
that might stand in the way of that goal. I went right up, and
found the two of them naked on her bed, still entwined in the
act, but paused for the moment.


"Mommy, we are going to be finished soon, and you said you'd be
taking care of a certain problem for us. Where is David supposed
to cum?"


"I'll be happy to finish David off in my mouth, Amanda. Just make
sure he pulls out, and I'll take care of the rest."


They started humping again, and I must say Amanda had some
skills. She obviously liked the idea of fucking in front of her
mother, and was showing off a little. Her arousal was quite
evident, her nipples stood out proudly, practically begging to be
played with, and her pussy was quite juicy, the lips swollen and
very red. She varied her speed of thrust like a pro, and added
lots of extra motions, little twists and turns of her hips that
seemed to be driving David wild.


It didn't take long before David said "I'm gonna cum!" I grabbed
him by the hips to make sure he pulled out, and opened my mouth
wide and took his throbbing cock inside. He was shaking and
bucking as he shot his load into my mouth, three or four hard
spurts of semen that I promptly swallowed. Amanda was staring
right at me, mesmerized. I could tell she really got a kick out
of seeing me swallowing her boyfriends cum right in front of her.


"Gee, mommy, I didn't think you'd really do it!"


"Amanda, baby, just make sure you ask me every time. I will do
it. Now you know it for sure, so don't let the boys cum inside
you, make them cum inside me."


The next few times she had sex, all with different guys, she
called me up to her room, and I took a shot in the mouth for the
team. It was a small price to pay to make sure she stayed without
child, although I must admit that watching her screw like a pro
with all those teenage stud muffins did get my juices flowing. It
wasn't long before she got bored with my oral ministrations,
though, and the next time David was the object of her affections,
she took things to the next level.


"Mommy, David doesn't want to cum in your mouth. He says it is
much better to cum inside a pussy, like a man. I'm going to let
him cum in my pussy, unless..."


"No, Amanda, no! I will let him cum inside me, but he can't cum
inside you, OK?"


I took off my clothes, and lay there next to them on the bed. My
pussy was already a little juicy from watching the two of them,
Amanda could have been a porn star, she really knew how to turn
it on when someone was watching. I touched myself a little, to
make sure David would have an easy entry, and the two of them
watched me do it, while still going at it with intensity.


"Mommy, David really likes your tits. Why don't you pinch your
nipples for him?"


I did it. I cupped my heavy breasts, and pinched and pulled the
nipples while they both watched me, and they gave each other a
knowing look, I think I saw Amanda give David a wink, too. David
quickly pulled out of Amanda's pussy, and thrust his cock into
mine. God, it felt great! He shot off almost immediately, but it
still sent waves of pleasure through my entire body to have him
inside me, even for that short a time.


The pattern was set. I would get naked while my teenage daughter
fucked some studly guy, they would watch me play with myself
while they banged away, and then the guy would pull out and
plunge into my sloppy box to shoot his load. This went on for
months before Amanda finally got bored, and decided that the kink
factor needed to get bumped up another notch or two. Now it
wasn't enough to have her boyfriends cum in my mouth, or in my
snatch, they wanted to see me masturbate to orgasm, and they
wanted money shots straight out of porno movies. I had to let her
guys shoot on my face and into my open mouth, or spread my pussy
wide open to take the spray in a sloppy outside shot, or get
spunked on my ass, letting the semen slide down my crack. I felt
like a whore, but watching the teens fuck was hot, and I enjoyed
the orgasms I had while they watched me masturbate. Taking a load
on my face or getting a messy cream pie pussy was a small price
to pay for my pleasure, and Amanda surely wasn't going to get
knocked up with all the spunk aimed at me.


Then one night David was over, I think he was her favorite fuck,
and they really went to town like minks in heat. I saw variations
I'd never even read about in the nasty romance novels, or books
about women's fantasies. I was fingering my snatch like never
before, really turned on by the show they were putting on. Their
fucking was better than the hottest porno I'd ever seen, not that
I've seen all that many pornos. This was real, raw, in my face,
and the two of them were very seriously into it, horned up to
beat the band. They were talking dirty to each other while they
banged away with abandon, and the juices were flying. Then David
let out what was almost a scream, and Amanda grabbed his ass and
held him deep inside her while they both convulsed like
epileptics. David pulled out, and I spread my legs ready to let
him spray me with spunk, but then I saw the foamy cream all over
his now shrinking cock and leaking out of Amanda's raw, well
pounded pussy.


"Oh, no mommy! I guess I was just too much for him, he squirted
his cum all up inside me! Maybe you'd better try and suck it out
of my pussy, so I don't get preggers, huh?"


What is a mother to do?


        &#9650;&#9792;

http://deltavenus.bestdamnpornblogs.com/
