What Came Before
by Thekinkyduo

Emma’s teasing gets her into trouble at university.

My boyfriend was already aware that before he'd fucked me after only hours after meeting him for the first time during a house party that I'd given a blowjob to, well I don't actually know who it was if I'm honest. I'm fact Max had actually mistaken the bedroom for the toilet and had walked inside to find me on my knees sucking off a cock. He was actually very lucky to have stumbled inside because honestly I would have let my current company fuck me but as soon as I'd noticed him watch me for a few seconds longer than he should have before leaving I knew I wanted him instead. What Max did not find out until a few years later was that he wasn't the first guy to fuck me that evening.

"God I've missed that hot piece of ass these past few weeks Em." Chloe turned and spoke to me during a lecture.

Chloe was one of my housemates whom I'd only met a few months prior in my freshman semester yet it'd felt like I'd known her for a lot longer. She was the biggest slut I'd ever met and it hadn't taken long for her to rub of on me, and yes that could be taken in more ways than one. Having had a group of conservative and quite judgemental friends growing up I'd never really explored my sexual desires however you could say that I'd more than made up for lost time in my first semester at university. Having a friend like Chloe whom I was able to talk about my sex life with so casually was a nice change and she'd helped lead me into my hoe phase which in all honesty I've never grown out of.

The 'hot piece of ass' Chloe had been referring to was our Biology lecturer Professor Théo. He was young for how you'd imagine a professor to be, maybe mid to late thirties. The best way to describe him other than a drool worthy figure of a man was to compare him to that of a young Idris Elba. He was tall, muscular, and insanely handsome. If there was a single girl in the classroom who told you they hadn't gotten wet when he'd stared at you in a teasing way, which by the way he knew full well what he was doing to you, then they'd be straight up lying. Girls, I among them couldn't get enough of him. Hell there were even people whom I knew and I'm sure professor Théo also knew didn't even take Biology and had just come to lust over him for an hour, although he struck me as the type of man who loved the notion of the fact.

Chloe however was obsessed with the man, which was strange when you think how many lectures she'd skipped. She spent the entirety of our lectures drooling and giving me a running commentary of how he was looking that particular day and on the privacy of our dorm rooms she go into graphic detail of what she'd let him do to her. I must admit some of the scenarios made me wish I was in the same position she'd imagined herself to be in, but I guess I was still having more than enough fun with guys my own age to be as fixated as Chloe was on somebody so much older. After all surely older guys were out of practice and a little boring right? At least that's was twenty year old me had thought at the time.

"Hey Emma I've got something in mind that I could use your help with." She'd told one evening in my room. She had this menacing look on her face when she'd sat down next to me which only ever meant trouble. She preceded to tell me how she'd heard a rumour that Professor Théo was secretly fucking around with some his students a few years ago, that was until his secret was no more after another lecturer had walked in whilst he'd been mid action. It turned out that this lecturer had never spoken out about what he'd seen to his superiors for some unbeknown reason, I assumed he'd probably been paid off. I wasn't sure how much of the story I believe if any at all since Chloe had heard it from a friend of hers who's roommate at the time was one of the so called lucky students whom he'd chosen to fuck.

Anyway after she'd finished telling her story she'd told me of her plan. We were both going to a school disco themed house party that coming Friday and dressing up in what had been my favourite freshers week costume some months earlier, a slutty schoolgirl. She'd suggested that since we'd had a biology lecture scheduled for Friday afternoon that we should go dressed up and see how the professor would react. Honestly I didn't believe for a second that somebody whom held such a sought after role at the university would ever have risked his job in such a way but he for sure loved window shopping and the thought of being able to tease him a little did excite me. After agreeing to take part in her plan she'd gone into more detail on what the professor had seemingly got up to with the girl she'd known, by the end it was clear to me that it was all made up nonsense. There was no way that man was like that I'd thought.

"Oh yes don't stop!" I moaned out. Looking down I saw his long black cock frantically driving in and out of me as was mounted upon it reverse-cowgirl style. My pale, nylon stocking-covered legs were dangling high in the air either side of waist and with each hard thrust his cock made making the sway. "Oh fuck keep going I'm gonna cum!" I screamed. My hand moving to my clit. My moans getting louder as I rubbed. My whole body firing up with intense heat. Until, "AGHHHHH!" I yelled out watching gushes of juice spray out of my pussy. "What the hell? Oh damn not again!" I awoke from my wet dream to find my bedsheets drenched in my sweat and juices.

This was the second time that week since Chloe had painted the idea of Professor Théo in a new way to me that I'd dreamt he'd been fucking me. With no plans for the day until the afternoon lecture I was now longing for it's safe to say that my collection of sex toys got a lot of action that morning.

I'd just finished pulling my last remaining thigh-high sock up along my pasty slender leg until stretching it over the middle of my chunky thigh. I made my way over to my full length mirror with a cheeky grin on my face. My tiny feet were encased in a pair of white cotton thigh-high socks. The top of my pale white thighs were exposed all the way up until the hem of my red and black plaid mini-skirt dangled at the very top of them. The pleated skirt was no longer than ten inches in length from my waist down, meaning that even without bending over almost my entire bare ass was on full show. The front of the skirt was a few inches longer which covered my crotch just enough to hide the front of my black mesh thong, however I was only to left my arms above my shoulders and that too was fully exposed. I'd tied a white blouse in a knot so that my flat pasty stomach was visible and ensured I'd left the top buttons undone enough so that my perky tits which were cushioned inside a black mesh bra was visible. The finishing touches of dark red lipstick and tying my light brown hair into two ponytail that dangled either side of my shoulders completed my look.

I turned around so my ass was facing the mirror, spreading me legs slightly ajar I'd began to bend over ever so slightly. I'd forgotten just how hot and God damn slutty the outfit had made me look. What I hadn't forgot was that the last time I'd worn that skirt and was bent over in the very same manor I was being fucked over the bathroom sink down the hallway in my second week at uni, and the fun didn't stop in the bathroom but that's a story for another time. After sliding into a pair of white trainers and ensuring I'd packed a pair of black leather heels into my bag for the party, I'd wrapped a long coat over my outfit and headed out of my room to find Chloe.

Chloe wasn't in her dorm so I'd expected to find her at the lecture hall. I'd walked up the stairs to the very top of the room where nobody could ever muster the energy to ascend. It was the perfect spot to sit and tease away whilst the rest of the room was facing forwards without suspecting a thing. I was glad I'd opted to wear the coat as I climbed the stairs, that view would certainly have been a talking point if i hadn't. The room began filling up as the minutes ticked by but there was still no sign of Chloe. This was all her great idea and she hadn't even turned up, I was begging to get a little annoyed. Eventually professes Théo had walked inside and began the lecture. "That bitch!" I told myself. She'd made me go through with her plan and bailed on me, I was furious.

Ten minutes had passed and I was still sat in my coat. I'd spent all that time watching the door hoping Chloe would walk in late, but she didn't. Soon enough my eyes shifted to the professor and I'd become hypnotised just as I had been many times before. I'd noticed him glancing up at me occasionally, he'd probably wandered why I was sat so high up at the back. I'd told myself that the next time he'd take a glance upwards instead of a coated figure he'd be surprised to see a slutty schoolgirl. I quietly unzipped my coat and let it drop over the chair behind of me and sat cross legged patiently awaiting his next glance. I felt so slutty.

Eventually after what felt like a decade his eyes caught sight of my body. Our eyes locked and I could see the shock on his face as he took in the new view. He was careful about how he acted next as to not draw suspicion to my direction, he walked to and throw whilst peering in my direction as much as he could get away with. "Okay class I'd like you to spend the last twenty minutes ready from chapter ten on the digestive system." He told the class. He knew exactly what he was doing. As all the heads in the classroom bowed down to their books, all except mine, he'd gone and sat down at his desk and was now staring directly in my direction.

For a moment I'd frozen. I realised I didn't actually have a plan, I imagined Chloe would have some ideas but now I found myself alone and with a pair of eyes undressing me. Then I started to impress myself. I remained eye contact with him him all whilst seductively licking my lips ever so slowly with an occasional bite. After a few minutes I'd clasped the pen that was on the table in my hand and brought it to my lips. I slowly ran my tongue along the length of the plastic all whilst my eyes were locked with his. He had a smirk on his face, he'd reached his hand under the table. Was he jerking over me? I wandered. It was impossible to tell for sure. Taking one last lick I'd placed the tip of the pen against my lips and began sucking it in inch by inch. I shut my eyes and couldn't tell you for how long I'd remained blowing off a biro pen for as the images from my recent dreams flooded my mind.

When I eventually re-opened my eyes I saw the professed still watching me intently with a look I'd never seen on his face before. What was he thinking? I wandered. Maybe he was thinking of how big a slut I was to have the guts to do what I was doing in a full class. Or maybe he was thinking how much he'd wish he could come up the stairs and bed me over the chair. The ideas were all to much for me to handle. I already knew I was soaking wet, I could feel my juices starting to leak out down my thighs. I looked around ensuring his was the only attention I'd drawn and spread my legs wide open. I knew my thong would be on full view at this point and I'd brought my feet up high on either side of the chair so my crotch was pushed out and widely visible. I could see my puffy lips through the mesh material and I began to rub myself over the damp material. I was masturbating in a room full of people for a lecturer who I'd been having wet dreams about whilst wearing a slutty costume. It was wrong, i knew it was wrong, yet knowing it was wrong only added to the pleasure I was feeling. I shut my eyes.

I didn't know how long I'd zoned out for, at least long enough for my hand to have tucked itself underneath my thong without me even realising. Part of me didn't want to open my eyes, for all I knew the whole lecture room could have caught onto me and I'd be a ridiculed. I slowly opened my eyes which took a couple of seconds to adjust to the light again only to find the same set of eyes locked onto me. "Right class that'll be all for today, I'll see you all next Monday, be sure to read up on what we've been over today." He addressed the room. I covered myself up as fast as I possibly could in a spit of panic as his announcement had caught me off guard. People were turning around to get themselves out of their chairs and i still had my hand tangled in my thong, this seemed to have amused Professor Théo who had a grin on his face as he watched me thumbing around. Thankfully I'd managed to avoid any suspicion.

"Emma what's taking you so long up there?" He asked after door had closed behind the last evacuant.

"Oh I won't be a second professor, I'm just changing my shoes." I shouted down to him.

"Don't be silly! You'll break your neck descending the stairs in those, come and put them on down here." He told me.

I truly didn't believe the story Chloe had told me about him days earlier. I guess that's why we'd planned to tease him, to see if we'd have a clearer idea. Well there I was, I'd teased him and then some, now I was slowly walking down the stairs whilst he watched my every step with that very same look a lion has when it sees it's prey. Had I taken things to far? Did I wish things would go further like in my dreams? Never had I needed Chloe like I needed her at that very moment, she'd have been all over him and I could so easily have slid out of the door. But Chloe wasn't there and I had to get out of it myself.

When I reached the bottom of the stairs I took a few paces past the desk where the professor was stood watching me wide eyed. Now I could have sat down on the front row and changed into my heels, hell I could have just changed into them at the party, yet I'd stopped a few steps further and bent down to place my foot into the sole of my left heel. The further I bent down the wider my asscheeks spread open, when reached down for the buckle on my right heel my pussy had opened a little and I heard a queef of air escape in the quietness of the room. I could only imagine the view that he'd of had in that moment, in fact the thought of it was sending shivers through my body. I didn't want to have to stand back up but when eventually stood upright I felt a warm breath in my left ear.

"You know I could see everything you were doing up there? Of course you do. We're you hoping I'd notice you?" He asked.

"I erm, I..." I stuttered, but was interrupted nonetheless.

"You know years ago you'd have been punished for such a thing, personally I thing you ought to be taught a lesson for interrupting my speech to the students." I could feel his hand hovering over the side of my neck. It was driving me insane. "You're free to go, that is unless you wish to be punished then in that case go and bend over my desk and pull what little of that skirt over your back." He whispered into my ear.

I had my answer. The story's Chloe had been told hadn't been rumours after all, he must really have done all of those thing after all, things I was now starting to want myself. I had a choice, I could so easily have walked away and shown him that I had at least some level of dignity left in me than to subject myself in such a way. As I'm sure you'd guessed moments later my face was pressing down against the wooden desk whilst I anxiously awaited for whatever came next. I heard the snap of a lock on the classroom door from behind of me, it didn't even cross my mind that anybody could have walked inside and be greeted by my almost naked backside upon entry. It didn't take long before I felt something solid and a little cold pushing against the inside of my ankles just hard enough to guide my legs wide apart.

"You know you've shocked me today Emma, I've seen girls do some pretty risky things to get my attention but never have I seen something as damn right slutty as what you've just done. I didn't think you were they type." He said.

I heard the sound of something breaking the air and then SMACK! A wooden metre ruler was brought down against the bareness of my ass with such force that it sent my stomach jolting forwards into the table which after winding me threw me right back away. In state of shock I'd both whimpered and gasped for air, he'd caught me by surprise.

"I want to hear an apology." He said in a commanding voice.

SMACK! I whimpered again. This time the wood struck the very same area it had the first time leaving, it stung like a bitch and from the noises I was making it was evident that not only had it hurt but if taken pleasure from it for deep within all the whimpering laid a little moan.

"I'm sorry did you not hear me slut? Apologise!" He shouted.

I didn't utter a word when the wooden ruler once again cracked my soar ass, this time landing it's blow below the crease of my ass and making a slight slap against the lips of my pussy. I'd been spanked before but never anything that extreme and he knew I was loving every blow I took. He was looking for an apology that would never leave my lips. After realising I wasn't going to give him what he'd wanted he delivered a series a quick blows to my tender cheeks, I can't recollect just how many for I'd zoned out in a state of newly found pleasure I'd never quite felt before. The sound of the wooden ruler hitting the hard floor shocked me back into reality.

"You're a tough little slut aren't you, you are lucky I've got a class waiting outside or I'd have had to find something a little harder to get that apology out of you." He told me. "Turn around and drop to your knees!" His commanding tone returned.

I stood up and almost fell to my knees upon setting my eyes on what was most certainly the longest cock I'd set eyes upon at that point in my life. His dark veiny cock which began to hypnotise me taking my attention from the burning sensation I was feeling as my heels pressed against my soar red asscheeks. I watched as he struggled to stretch a condom over his erection which covered just over half of his entire length. I wanted him in my mouth so badly and just as he grabbed one of my ponytails and only inches away from pressing inside of my lips the handle of the began to turn.

"Fuck it we've not got time for that!" He said, picking me up like I was the weight of a feather and practically launching me over his desk so that I was yet again face down. I felt his hands grip either side of my thong and yank them down to my ankles, it was also fast but I was relishing it. Taking a single swipe from my clit to my entrance with his fingers, I assumed to judge how wet I'd gotten, he'd thrust what felt like as much as he could fit inside of me. This wasn't the first cock I'd taken in such a way by any means and I was soaking wet so all I felt was instant pleasure, although the further he got I'd realised he'd been further inside than any who came before him.

"Oh fuck yes!" I moaned out.

"Fucking take my load!" He moaned into my ear after using my ponytails to pull my head backwards and causing my pussy to clench around his throbbing cock when my back arched. The thirty seconds of hard pounding wasn't enough to make me climax but the feeling of his pulsating cock filling his plastic up inside of me gave me immense pleasure. The door handle turned again, evidently the class he was meant to be teaching at that minute was eager to get inside.

"Please let me have one taste!" I pleaded, pushing him away and falling to my knees without giving him much of a choice. I unwrapped his condom and tossed it aside before eagerly getting to work on cleaning his cock clean from the remaining layer of his cum.

"You may as well come and help her." I heard him say.

Who was he talking to I wandered. There wasn't anyone else in the room. Then to my right I saw Chloe whom had emerged from underneath the desk crawling towards us in an outfit not to dissimilar to my own. I was aghast to say the least. "I'll explain later." She told me tilting my head back to his twitching flaccid cock. He tasted salty and delicious, I couldn't lap his juices up fast enough. We both sucked him clean for the next thirty seconds.

"Leave those on the floor they're mine now!" He told me when I reached down to pull my thong back up. Hearing the handle go again and a knock at the door he'd ushered us out of the fire exit. Standing in an alleyway looking like a pair of hookers myself and Chloe looked at each other and began laughing. On our way back home to pick up a new pair of underwear she'd told me all about how she'd come to end up under the professors desk. It turned out that she hadn't been skipping lectures after all, instead she'd been sucking our lecturers cock underneath his desk and taking some extra one on one lessons afterwards.

Like I'd mentioned earlier on, that was the evening I'd first met my boyfriend Max. That however was not the last time that I'd let Professor Théo fuck me.

The end.