Fun in the park with Agent Sandoval.

This story is the property of the author.  It may be redistributed, copied and stored without changes, though it is not to be used by commercial entities.  Using this material in any commercial publication, including websites, without the express permission of the author, will be followed up with legal action. This fictional story was written for the entertainment of adults and should not be viewed by those under the legal age.

This is a story of casual, unprotected sex, and is a work of fiction. In real life, use a condom, damnit! Unwanted babies, HIV and all sorts of lesser sexual diseases await the idiot who "dips his wick" or "rides the rod" without protection.

---

Sniffle, Chapter 3 (MF, inc, interr, mc, impreg?, nc, f-solo, m-solo)
by Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)

---

On Monday, JJ looked forward to science class, as he was still partnered with Sally. However, when class started and they had to work together, Sally wouldn't even look at him. When he talked to her she just gave simple yes or no answers.

He pulled close to the tall girl. "Sally, what's going on?"

"I'll talk to you later," she whispered back through gritted teeth. JJ was confused.

After class he caught up to her in the hall. She pulled him into an alcove and slapped him hard across the face.

"You stay the fuck away from me, dweeb! I don't know what you did to me, but you're never touching me again." Then as she turned away to leave she paused and turned back. "And if you knocked me up, I'm going to rip your fucking balls off." Then she was gone.

JJ felt tears welling up, not just from the slap. She had jumped *him*! *She* had urged him to cum inside her! He thought that they were going to be friends with benefits, maybe even more, but now...

Then he realized: this was her plan all along; to get him to care about her, and what better way than to take his virginity? And then she ripped his heart out. His back slid down the wall as he sank to the floor. Bravo, Sally, bravo, he thought. Goddamn bitch slut!

---

"Carmen, how can I get out of here without the other agents seeing?" John Doe, the man unofficially called Casanova, asked the agent as she let him out of his cell.

Carmen thought for a moment, which was difficult for some reason. She just wanted Casanova to push her against the wall and fuck her wet pussy with his no doubt fantastic cock.

"This way." She took him to her office, which had a special reinforced iron door that opened into a maintenance tunnel. That tunnel eventually connected to the subway system. She unlocked it.

Casanova was rummaging through the papers on top of her desk. "Where's my file?" She pointed it out, and also helpfully grabbed a sealed envelope regarding him that someone must have put on her desk while she was on guard duty. Then he looked down at his orange jumpsuit. "Oh, and my clothes?" She retrieved the bag with his street clothes from a filing cabinet.

She wondered if Casanova would take her on her desk. She bent forward over it and suggestively waggled her voluptuous ass trapped by her tight slacks at him.

"Damn! Soon, but first we gotta beat feet. C'mon, Carmen." Then they were out the door and running down the tunnel, hand in hand.

---

When JJ got home he was still miserable. He couldn't stop thinking about what Sally had done to him. Ironically, thinking about the whole thing caused him to remember the pretty, tall girl atop him, riding his cock, and now he had an erection.

He closed the door to his room and pulled his penis  out. Whatever else Sally had done, she had given JJ what amounted to probably years of "spank bank" material. He concentrated on the memory of Sally's curvy naked body, her face scrunching up in pleasure as she orgasmed while he filled her up with his cum.

"Unhh! Mm!" He quickly grabbed a tissue to catch his ejaculation as his own orgasm came upon him. He then tossed the saturated tissue into his trash bin. Feeling a bit better, he left his room to go watch TV.

---

Casanova looked around the tree-lined park. The fugitive and agent were alone, and the sun was almost down. "Phew! Okay, Carmen, I think we're probably safe. And I'll bet your brain's pretty pickled by now, huh?"

She turned to him with a silly grin on her face. "We gonna fuck now?" She removed her jacket and unbuttoned her blouse.

"Oh, hell yeah!" Casanova said, and unzipped his jumpsuit. He was going to have to change into his street clothes anyway...

Carmen's restrictive bra came into view as she removed her blouse. It looked uncomfortable to him. He reached forward and unfastened it with one hand, a skill he had mastered through repetition. Her large boobs sprang out. "Holy shit!" he remarked. He had seen a lot of breasts in his life, but Sandoval's were the most impressive: a full C-, possibly D-cup, with no sag, light brown with large, darker brown, almost purplish nipples shaped like pencil erasers. He had to taste them.

As he dropped his mouth to one of her nipples, Carmen moaned. Finally! she thought to herself. They had been on the move for well over an hour, in close contact, and his scent permeated her awareness. She had to have him! She practically ripped her slacks off and pushed him back toward the swingset.

"Hmm..." he hummed amusedly, and sat on the highest swing, his hard cock pointing up. Carmen practically jumped into his lap, her legs slipping between the chains and his waist so that they were now behind him, and lined his dick up with her dripping pussy.

"Aahhh..." she moaned, easily slipping all of his cock inside her. He was of average size, barely six inches, but her pussy felt full. She hadn't had sex in a while, instead preferring to concentrate on her career.

"Ohh yeah...fuckin' hot Puerto Rican pussy..." he moaned. Then he pulled his legs up and started to swing.

"Oh!" she gasped as he picked up speed. The swinging movement caused her clit to grind up against his groin, and then on the backswing his cock caressed parts of her pussy that were rarely touched. She was impressed at his sexual prowess, and leaned forward to kiss him.

As they kissed, their mouths becoming damp with their saliva, John slowed his swings. Soon they stopped. "Get up," he commanded her. "My arms are getting tired. Here, lean over the swing." She did, and he marveled at her shapely ass. "Oh, man..." Then he shoved his cock back into her sweltering cunt.

"Yes!" she moaned. He was so deep inside her at this angle. She felt a small orgasm wash over her.

He pulled back and thrust into her again, which pushed her forward on the swing. Then she swung back and he was all the way inside her again. Thrust after thrust swung her forward and back, and she could feel his cock getting thicker inside her.

"Ohh...gonna fill you up soon, Carmen..."

The small remaining shreds of her mind screamed at her. This was the worst time of the month for unprotected sex, and she wasn't on the pill! The rest of her mind disagreed, however. Why did she need pills? Was she sick? She didn't feel sick...in fact, she felt gooood...

Casanova moaned as he grabbed her hips and thrust into her faster. "Yeah...yeahhh...unhhh!"

As she felt the first spurt of his hot cum inside her, Carmen orgasmed hard. Her entire body stiffened as it was wracked with the most powerful orgasm of her life, and her mouth opened in a silent scream.

Spurt! Spurt! Every time she felt his cock throb, another orgasm washed over her. She had trouble catching her breath as John Doe inseminated her fertile, unprotected reproductive system. Her eyes rolled up into her head and she passed out.

She woke a few minutes later, alone, still lying across the swing. She could feel Casanova's sperm dripping out of her vagina. She hoped that she'd get pregnant with his baby...

She shook her head. What? No...no! Her mind was slowly coming back to her. Casanova had raped her! Except...she remembered initiating the sex herself.

No, that was the pheromones, she reminded herself. Somehow she was vulnerable to them, despite not being affected when they had first met. She got to her feet. "Fuck..." she moaned as she felt his cum running down her leg. Well, at least I have a sperm sample now, her professional mind realized.

She pulled her phone out of her jacket to call Dimarco to come with a rape kit and a morning-after pill.

---

JJ's 15-year-old redheaded sister Regan went into her brother's room with a garbage bag. As she dumped his trash can into the bag, a rolled-up tissue, still wet, bumped her hand and fell to the floor. Ugh! she thought. My brother's boogers are on my hand now! She gingerly pinched a dry-looking corner of the tissue and lifted it up.

Her nose itched. She twitched her nose and sniffed to clear it.

Wait, she realized, that tissue smelled nice...

She sat on JJ's bed, unfolded the tissue, and realized that it didn't hold her brother's boogers, but his semen! She almost dropped the tissue into the bag in disgust, but then she stopped. This was an ideal opportunity, she told herself, for her inexperienced self to investigate something she'd never encountered before; this was educational.

There was a pool of the stuff that hadn't been absorbed by the tissue in the center of it. She touched it with her index finger and felt its cool sliminess. Then she rubbed her index finger and thumb together, feeling its viscosity. What strange stuff!

She realized that her pussy was starting to itch. Was she getting turned on by the feel of her brother's cum? No, she convinced herself, it was just the fact that it was man cum, not specifically her brother's. She didn't even like her half-brother that much, thinking of him like some creepy roommate.

She dipped her finger into the stuff again and brought it up to her nose. It was definitely the source of the nice smell, kind of reminding her of her Uncle Bob's aftershave. But how did it taste? She shook her head. She couldn't taste her brother's stuff! She balled up the tissue and tossed it into the bag.

As she got up to take the trash to the larger bin in the kitchen, she unconsciously brought her finger to her mouth to clean it off. As her brother's sperm touched her tongue she dropped to one knee, a small orgasm washing over her.

She stayed there a moment, breathing heavily. What had happened? Her underwear felt damp.

She quickly finished her chores and then headed to her room to masturbate.

---

Agent Carmen Sandoval held the rape kit's sample cup under her vagina in the park's washroom. She had already taken the morning-after pill, so felt better about her chances of avoiding pregnancy. Now she could concentrate on the facts.

Fact 1: John Doe, aka Casanova, produced some sort of pheromone that turned some women into doting sex bunnies, but only sometimes. They needed to figure out the missing piece of that puzzle.
Fact 2: She had been affected by those pheromones and had wanted Casanova to fuck her, so bad that she had helped him escape from their custody.
Fact 3: He had totally fucked her, and made her cum harder than at any other time in her life as he filled her underused pussy up with his cum.

Her vagina gave a little twitch at the memory, and another dollop of semen plopped out into the cup.

Fact 4: Casanova was now on the loose, and they didn't know where he was, or even who he really was.

To be continued...

---

Krosis' home on the web: http://www.asstr.org/~krosis

Fans or pans? E-mail Krosis of the Collective (krosisofthecollective@gmail.com)