Ships Passing in Dreamland - FF, Mf, oral, anal

A SIG GRAYSON Story
By Sig Grayson with Carree Wilson


Jamie Moore is a copywriter for an ad agency based out of 
San Francisco. In her travels between her agency's office 
in San Fran and Seattle she was able to keep a man in each 
city until things got too serious with both and they 
eventually found out about each other leaving Jamie 
heartbroken, sorry, cold and alone.
Looking for an outlet for her feelings she began to write 
of her exploits with the two in erotic short stories. 
Jamie developed many fans that wrote her in praise of her 
work. One however, Veronica from Colorado, touched her 
heart and her sexuality. 

Jamie was so moved by her feelings for Ronnie; she met her 
for a one-time liaison. Although Jamie knew Ronnie was a 
bi-sexual, she was not afraid to share her love with this 
woman who moved her so. They fulfilled their fantasy of an 
affair and bid each other adieu. A twist of fate brought 
them together as stranded travelers in an airport, with 
Jamie's fiance, Randy, included in a threesome.

Although the chance of another meeting with her femme 
paramour was remote, and not to the liking of Randy, 
nothing could stop her from dreaming of the tender feelings 
she mutually shared with Veronica.


"Jamie! Jamie! If you hit that damn snooze one more time 
I'll have the entire car loaded and be off to Las Vegas 
alone. I've never heard anyone swoon and snore at the same 
time. You must be dreaming in fucking 3-D and Technicolor. 
GET UP!" He shouted as he pulled the covers from his wife.

Jamie startled quickly as she woke from her vivid dream. 
She wasn't sure of where she was, or why she was, as she 
struggled to comprehend her awakening.

"Look at you, Jamie. Your pajama bottoms are half way down 
your ass with a wet spot on the bed. Can't you ever get 
enough? I screwed your brains out until eleven last night, 
and you still have wet dreams? I may be the only 30 year 
old who has to buy Viagra just to keep up with his wife." 
He said as he finally sat down on the bed to hug his wife.

"I adore you, you little shit. And, I'm flattered you dream 
about me making love to you, despite the fact I wore you 
out last night. You exhausted me as well. But, come on, we 
have to get going. I want to be on the road by 7 o'clock. 
You can sleep in the car, but I'm not going to listen to 
you moan while I'm driving. I'm only human, unless you want 
to give me blowjobs along the way." He chuckled.

Jamie smiled at her husband and began to roll from the bed 
gathering her thoughts.

"You can forget about that. It's a guy's fantasy and you've 
had yours. That time I did it on I-80 on the way to Tahoe I 
had a stiff neck the whole weekend and I didn't enjoy a 
second of it, or the weekend." She said as she sleepily 
made her way to the shower.

"Hey," he said as she disappeared behind the bathroom door, 
"That was your idea that time and we were just falling in 
love. There wasn't 20 minutes in that whole 3 months when I 
didn't have my dick or my tongue in you." He hollered 
through the door.

"We're old married people now, Randy. We don't have sex 
like that anymore. The dream is over." She shouted back.

Randy cracked the door open getting the attention of his 
peeing wife on the toilet.

"You don't mean that you little minx." He said as he kissed 
her startled mouth as she drew up from the elbow-clenching 
crouch on the toilet seat.

"We fuck 10 times a week Randy, you know I didn't mean it. 
Since we're married I'm only horny 20 hours a day. Now how 
about a little privacy so I can poo and pee in private." 
Jamie scolded him.

"I know. I just wanted to make sure that you knew that I 
knew." Randy said as he closed the door happy that he made 
his point. "I'll get the last things in the car. Try to be 
quick. We have 10 solid hours of driving ahead of us. Pack 
up the bathroom case under the sink when you finish and 
that's all we have to pack yet."

As Jamie relieved herself she smiled thinking of her 
husband of 10 months. Thank God for the day he sent me 
Randy, he takes such good care of me, she thought as her 
eyes looked to the oversize designer bag under the sink. It 
could hold all their necessities for the bath and vanity 
when they traveled. Soaps, shampoos, dryers, curlers, make-
up, even toys and lube for the wild times. She smiled as 
she thought of the goodies she might pack.

Finishing her constitutional she stood and flushed and 
turned to run the shower. Once it was hot enough she 
climbed in and let the steamy water run over her head. 
Besides getting her head wet, the water washed the cobwebs 
from her mind. Yes, she was deep in a sexual dream when 
Randy finally had to roust her from her snooze button 
extended dream. But it wasn't about him. Oh, he was in her 
dream, but the body pillow she clung to her little body 
with its PJ bottoms drawn down over her beautiful butt 
wasn't to represent Randy. That body pillow served as the 
nocturnal replacement for what was the subject of many of 
her erotic dreams. Her twice fulfilled fantasized bi-sexual 
lover Veronica.

She had no intention of ever meeting with Veronica again, 
for it would be cheating, now that she was married. But, 
nothing could stop her from dreaming about the pleasures 
they brought to each other when they had been together. The 
few hours of her life she had spent with Ronnie were 
spectacular. They brought to her a satisfaction and feeling 
no man had ever brought her. It wasn't that she was a 
closet lesbian; no other woman excited her in the 
slightest. She felt a real true-shared love experience with 
the spirit that was Veronica. They existed on the same 
wavelength of the universe. For each time she shared her 
love with her husband, she usually dreamed in fantasy of 
her spirit in kind, Veronica. She didn't love Randy any 
less for her feelings for Ronnie. She knew that it was 
possible to truly love two people simultaneously. However, 
she also knew that it was really only possible to devote 
yourself to one love, one marriage, and she had chosen 
Randy.
As intimately as she knew Veronica, their time together was 
measured in hours. Undoubtedly if they were to spend more 
time with each other, they would find more and more things 
not in common with each other. She and Randy were two 
spirits living as one, cast together at birth and only 
lucky enough to meld later in life.
Despite her choice and knowledge of the inevitable bubble 
that might burst if she and Ronnie were to share lives, the 
sexual energy they shared through emails served as orgasm 
fodder for her dreams. She simply could not get enough 
self-induced fulfillment dreaming of her friend and lover. 
It took nothing away from her devotion and love for Randy. 
The only thing she really kept from him was the fantasy 
time she spent alone thinking of her. He knew she loved 
her, and in his own way, he loved Ronnie himself. In their 
threesome Randy couldn't get enough of Ronnie's wild 
insatiability. The words "fuck me like an animal", that 
Ronnie had said to him, still ricocheted through his brain 
each time he thought of her. He even wrote to her himself 
at times, to let her know when Jamie was sick or away. 
There was nothing overtly sexual about his letters, but he 
knew when she saw his name, she thought of the threesome 
they shared and how the slap of his hips to her abdomen 
rang in the room as he pummeled her sex. He knew he would 
never forget it. Animal sex was his favorite, but Jamie's 
lithe little body wasn't built for it.

Jamie saved the soapy massage of her vagina and lower for 
the end of her shower. That sudsy, slippery rub would be an 
exaggerated wash this morning. She hoped to send a 
spiritual wavelength out to her friend, halfway across the 
country.

As she finished the last rinse of conditioner from her hair 
she eyed the new bar of 2000 soap that awaited her pussy. 
The new bar with its name stamped on the bar would provide 
just the nubby rub for her popped clit. Until the name was 
rubbed off the bar, her clit would dance a lover's dance. 
Then she could use her slippery hands to reach under 
herself and imagine it was Ronnie's tongue running down her 
butt split, thoroughly reaming and cleaning her recently 
used little hole. Then she could tease her way back up to 
her full lips to capture them between her fingers, as her 
other hand spanked her clit until it stung and she could 
rub soapy fingers over it to soothe it. That would bring 
her orgasm to the brink. She needed that orgasm to function 
properly in the world outside the shower today.
As she thought of Ronnie and the slippery fingers that 
represented her, more and more details of her dream came to 
her.
In the dream Ronnie came knocking to her San Francisco 
door.

"Ronnie, my God, what are you doing here. You know our 
arrangement. God, I love you so much, but you can't be 
here. I'm married!" Jamie shouted at her as she took her 
into her arms.

Ronnie slipped in the door and accented the hug with a deep 
kiss.

"I'm sorry to be here, but I simply could not function 
today. I flew in yesterday morning for a business meeting 
and I felt you were near. I dreamed all night long about 
you and this morning I got up at 5:30 and began to search 
for you. It took me 30 phone calls and convincing an 
account of yours to give me some information, but I finally 
found your house. I'm so sorry, but I had to see you 
again." Ronnie said through exasperated tears.

Jamie jumped back as if Ronnie were charged.

"No, No, No! This can't happen. Please Ronnie, I love you 
as much as you love me, and I even had a vivid dream of you 
last night. But, I told you I made the choice when I took 
my vow before God, before Randy, and all my friends and 
relatives. I can't DO THIS!" Jamie said confused and 
frustrated.

Ronnie broke down and fell to her knees crying.

"I'm so sorry. I'm such as asshole. I'll leave; just seeing 
you has made a difference. I know you promised. You made 
vows. I'm out of control here." Ronnie said as she picked 
herself up from the floor, still crying and emotionally 
upset.

Jamie went to the door, wanting her to leave ASAP. She knew 
any more than a few moments with her in the room would 
break down her defenses.

"Please leave. Go to your room and call me if you like, but 
we can't be together. Please don't cry. You're killing me, 
ripping my heart in half. You don't want to hurt me do 
you?" Jamie pleaded.

"No, I don't. I know I was wrong. Kiss me goodbye." Ronnie 
said as she extended her arms.

Jamie walked into her arms and their lips met for one fiery 
kiss. As they were about to break the kiss, the front door 
opened.

"YOU CHEATING SLUT!" Randy cried out. "How long has this 
been going on? I leave the house for a couple hours and you 
bring your lezzie whore into my house?"

Jamie was rather calm after his accusations, because she 
knew how innocent the situation was.

"Don't get yourself all in a tizzy Randy. She just got here 
30 seconds ago, and I'm sending her away. She knows she 
can't be here." Jamie said as she held the door for Ronnie.

"Bullshit! I bet this has been going on all the while. I 
should have known the way you two carried on in Atlanta, 
that it couldn't end there. My wife is a lesbian!" Randy 
said as Jamie pushed past him with Ronnie in tow.

"Ronnie, do you see the trouble your little escapade has 
caused? Go the fuck home and stay there! Don't ever try to 
find me again. Goddammit, you little bitch! Don't fuck up 
my life!" Jamie yelled at her as she slammed the door 
behind her.

She turned to Randy with finger raised.

"YOU! Is that how much you trust me? I TOLD you she had 
just got here and I was sending her away. That should be 
good enough for you. To think I would lie to you really 
pisses me off, Randy." Jamie said as she began to walk to 
the bedroom teary eyed.

Jamie stopped her stormy step when she heard the front door 
reopen.

"Hey,Ronnie! You little whore! Is that true, you had just 
got here?" Randy shouted to Veronica, now 2 houses away.

Jamie bolted to the door.
"Don't you call her a whore, you son of a bitch! Just let 
her go, it's between her and I." She said, clawing at 
Randy's arm to close the door.
 
But before the door could close they both heard Ronnie 
shout back.
"No, I'm sorry Randy. I waited for you to leave this 
morning and came up then. She said you'd be gone all day."

Randy glared at Jamie.

"You lying little lezzie tramp! I can't believe you would 
lie to me!" Randy said, visibly hurt.

"No Randy, she's lying! She just got here!" Jamie shouted 
as she re-opened the door.

"Ronnie, why are you doing this to me? Tell Randy the 
truth!" Jamie yelled at the now returning Veronica.

"Why hide it Jamie? He was going to find out about us 
anyway." Ronnie play acted.

"RONNIE! A joke is a joke. Now tell him the truth!" Jamie 
persisted.

Randy stood between the returning Ronnie, coming to the 
door, and his wife Jamie. He put his hand around her little 
wrist and pulled back into the hall way as Ronnie came back 
into the house and closed the door behind her.

"Hey, let go of her Randy! There's no reason to manhandle 
her." Ronnie said as she went to grab Randy's arm to get 
the grip of his hand off Jamie.

"You! Don't you touch me! She's my wife and I'll handle her 
this way if she's lied and cheated on me!" Randy said as he 
grabbed Ronnie's arm with his other hand. The two women 
wrestled at the grip Randy had on their wrists. Randy took 
the seconds distraction to turn Ronnie's wrist over once to 
get her purse strap to follow. Once it wrapped around her 
wrist Randy let go and grabbed the purse and quickly 
wrapped the strap around Jamie's wrist as well. He had 
managed to tie the both of their wrists together.

"Stop Randy! What's gotten into you!" Jamie yelled scared 
at the sudden violent behavior.
 
"Lying and cheating is what's gotten into me." Randy said 
as he pulled the captive girls, causing them to lose their 
balance and fall to the floor. 

As they struggled against each other to get up, Randy was 
able to get his belt off and held it in his mouth. Then 
moving swiftly to avoid being overtaken, he pulled the 
purse strap hard again, wrapping it one more time around 
their wrists. He then unclipped the strap from its rings 
and knotted it, clipping it to itself. While the girls went 
to work rapidly at their binds he pushed them both to the 
floor again seizing the opportunity to wrap his belt around 
one of Jamie's ankles and then one of Ronnie's.
Quickly he pulled them on the carpet throw in the hall to 
the bedroom. As the girls scratched at his finger he lifted 
them both by their joined bonds onto the bed. As soon as 
they lay on the bed Randy gave Ronnie a full open palmed 
slap on the face.

"DO I LOOK LIKE I DON'T MEAN BUSINESS HERE!!" Randy shouted 
as both girls froze.

Randy took the moment to open the nightstand draw and take 
out the soft rope bindings he and Jamie used from time to 
time for play.
Before either girl could protest from the shock at the 
sudden violence of Randy, they were tied hand to each 
others foot, foot to each others hand, facing each other.

"There! You two want to eat pussy so much, go ahead!" he 
said as he re-used his original binds of purse strap and 
belt to secure the two to the bedframe.

Both women were petrified in fear of Randy. Neither had 
ever seen him act so violent, but neither was surprised at 
how easily he manhandled their two tiny frames with his 
muscular body. They did both face each other with their 
heads at about the level for oral sex, but both were fully 
clothed. They both hoped Randy would calm down and come to 
his senses as he left the room.

"Ronnie, I've never seen him act like this, really. He's 
never been violent, but your lying to him didn't help. He 
SHOULD be pissed. Why did you do that?" Jamie implored.
 
Before Ronnie could answer they saw Randy come back in the 
room with a pair of scissors in his hand. With his wife the 
closest to him he pulled up her skirt and grabbed at the 
thong she was wearing and in one quick cut, she was nude 
underneath. He leered at Ronnie as she tried to move from 
him, but her dress was up in a flash and her panty was cut 
away.

He put his hand behind Ronnie's head and pushed it into 
Jamie's crotch.

"Ronnie, don't you WANT to eat Jamie's pussy? Do I really 
have to force you?" 

"No, I mean yes, I do want to eat her pussy, but I don't 
want to be forced. I want to make love to her, but only if 
she wants it too."

"You don't think I want it as bad as you Ronnie? You know 
that I do, but I told you when you got here that I'm 
married and that would be cheating."

Randy interrupted her. 
"How can it be cheating if I'm the one waiting for it to 
happen? I'm the one who put you in this position, Jamie. 
You inviting her over here was the cheat. You're way passed 
that now."

"I didn't invite her here. I admit that I love her, and I 
admit that I want her to make love to me. But I did not 
invite her here and nothing has happened here today."

"Ronnie, is that true? Tell me." Randy said to her.

There was a long pause in Ronnie's answer.

"Jamie we may as well come clean. Tell him."

"The two of you are liars and I can't trust either of you. 
I'm leaving the two of you like this until I come back. 
Then we'll try the truth one more time before I throw the 
both of you out." Randy said as he slammed the bedroom door 
shut.

The women listened to the sounds outside the door. They 
both swore they heard the front door quietly open and 
close, but they weren't sure.

"Ronnie, you fucking cunt liar! Why are you trying to ruin 
my marriage? I thought we had an equitable situation, you 
and me. It was so nice. We had the memories of our times 
together to keep us alive." Jamie spat out at Ronnie.

Ronnie's only answer was to lash her tongue out at the 
pussy before her face.

Jamie jerked at the sudden sensation.

Ronnie, you stop that. I can't make love to you until you 
stop lying.

Ronnie licked again. Tired of holding her weight up from 
Jamie's torso, she let it fall into her, leading with her 
face. Her tongue mashed against the bare pussy lips as they 
splayed open for her licking tongue.

"Oh Goddd, Oh Godd, Ronnie! What are you doing to me? 
You're taking advantage on me and I, and I . . ."

"You what?" Ronnie asked as she arched her face from the 
pussy in was licking.

"I love it! God Ronnie eat me.  This is why I wanted to 
throw you out this morning. You know I can't resist you and 
how well you make love to me. Hnnnnnnnnttt." Jamie 
bellowed.

Ronnie shifted her dead weight on Jamie to push her pussy 
closer to Jamie's mouth.

"Eat me sweetheart while I eat you. Let's make love to each 
other. This is why I lied to Randy, so maybe we could have 
one more chance at each other. I'm sorry to make you so 
mad, but I love you so much." Ronnie said between licks.
Jamie turned her face a bit to get at Ronnie's little bare 
pussy lips. She flicked out her tongue to her clit and got 
a reaction from her instantly.

"Is that what you want you lying little bastard. I hope you 
find this worth the lies and deception you brought upon 
Randy and I today. I love you so much, despite your lies." 
Jamie said as she licked at her clit once more.

Suddenly Ronnie jolted and twisted their bound frames to 
their sides. It put extra pressure on her ankle binds, but 
now she was looking right into the pussy of her lover, 
Jamie, and afforded Ronnie the same view.

They both bore crotch to face as they sought to bring each 
other satisfaction. Jamie was new at the act, but knew what 
she liked. She loved getting the tip of Ronnie's distended 
little clit between her lips and sucking it, lashing it 
with her tongue. Every few moments she would take the whole 
of her tiny lips in her mouth and squeeze them down to her 
clit again. Ronnie copied the same action with Jamie as 
they led each other towards long sensual orgasms.
Jamie didn't know how she was going to win her mans trust 
back, but right now she was on a plain that she knew just 
from her lovers mouth. She was about to explode.

"Ronnie, stop, oh,oh, oh, oh, oh , AAAAAAEEEEEE . . . . . " 
she cut short as she managed to pull her pussy from her 
lovers lips for a moment.

Suddenly the bedroom door opened and their stood Randy, 
without a stitch of clothes, sporting a full woody.

"It doesn't quite look like punishment at this point does 
it ladies?" he asked as he walked toward the bed, both 
ladies lifting their heads away from the crotch in their 
face.

"Randy, untie us, damnit" Jamie demanded.

"Not until I show Ronnie how I fuck you, how I make love to 
you. Then I'll untie you from this so called torture I left 
you in." Randy said as he started stroking his cock.

"You'll have to untie me to fuck me anyway, Randy. Come on, 
my wrists hurt."

"Then end I'm going to fuck is looking right at me right 
now." Randy said as he patted her on her cute ass.

"No, come on. Stop this shit you bastard. That's special 
personal loving back there, not the kind of thing I want to 
share with anyone else. Come on, we save that!"

"We were supposed to save all of the marriage bed for each 
other, and you cheated today, so I guess I get my way now, 
don't I?"

"I told you I didn't cheat, Godammit!"

"Jamie I believe if I smell your breath, it has Ronnie's 
pussy on it. You must have cheated." Randy charged.

But, I . . " Jamie started to argue, but knew it was 
futile. Ronnie was no help in Jamie's search of the truth.

Jamie craned her neck back to see Randy still stroking his 
cock, but she heard it was slick with lube as he rubbed the 
stuff into his cock. She saw him grab more from the tube 
and finger the plum head of his dick. He squeezed more on 
his fingers and brought it to her asshole.

"Ouch, be easy Randy. Give me some time to get used to you, 
if you have to do this. I'd plead with you not to, but 
that's what you want me to do."

Randy continued to plumb his fingers in and out of Jamie's 
ass as she made painful faces to no one. Randy reached his 
other hand over and put it behind Ronnie's head.

 "Here, You watch my cock go into her ass and then watch 
how much she loves it, and remember it's something you can 
never do to her."

Randy stepped up to the bed and Jamie on her side. He 
gripped her little cheek and parted it to fit his cock in 
between. Jamie must have resigned herself to the ass 
fucking she was about to get, because she offered no 
resistance.

Randy's cock head flattened out on Jamie's little rosebud 
and just when Ronnie thought it would never go in, it slid 
past the little ring, with about 3 inches behind it.

"Oooooooooff." Jamie expelled as she began to take short 
quick breaths.

"Easy, easy, easy, Randy. You don't have to split me open 
for the sake of being macho in front of my lover."
 Randy held himself there, seeming to give his wife a 
reprieve. Once he was sure she was accustomed to the 
intrusion, he began to move within her.

"Short strokes, short strokes!! If you hurt me you'll never 
fuck me here again." Jamie yelled at Randy.

Randy was following orders as he began a cadence within her 
of short in and outs.

Soon, Jamie began to breath heavy. She was getting into it. 
Once she resigned herself to it, she knew she would enjoy 
it, that's why she didn't fight.

After a couple minutes of steady fucking Ronnie could hold 
back her amazement no longer. "The whole fucking thing is 
going in and out of her. You are totally fucking her ass."

Jamie began to shudder deep within herself. Her orgasm came 
from deep within her vagina and channeled its way through 
her loins. She groaned her pleasure into Ronnie's pussy. 
The hum and clatter of her orgasm was soon interrupted by 
Randy's frantic call.

"Oh God, I'm gonna cum Jamie. Your sweet tight ass is gonna 
milk my cum." Randy cried, as he got closer to his climax.

 Seconds later he pulled his cock from the tight kiss of 
her bowels, shooting a stream of sperm over Ronnie's head. 
The next went right into her face as she glued her lips 
shut, taking the pasting from Randy's cock.

Randy's knees nearly buckled as he turned and slumped, 
sitting on the corner of the bed.
In his reverie he untied the bindings on that end of the 
women to let them free. Jamie quickly was able to kneel up 
and reach back to untie the other ends.

In a frantic move she pulled off her collared tee exposing 
her bare chest and turned to Ronnie's prone body and pushed 
her top up over her braless breasts. In one motion she 
mashed her breasts to hers and opened her mouth to the cum 
streams across Ronnie's face, sucking them in and then 
sharing them with Ronnie with sloppy kiss after sloppy 
kiss. They continued their necking until they had eaten all 
of the cum and satisfied each others lovers urge to kiss 
and love each other.

Jamie was surprised that she had become so overcome with 
passion to put on this show in front of her husband.
Guilt overcame her as she whispered to Ronnie.
"Please get dressed and go so I can fix things with Randy. 
You were very bad today, lying to Randy to get your way 
with me. I should hate you but I can't. I love you. Get 
out, go to the airport and fly home, and write to me."

Ronnie heard the resolve in Jamie's voice and did her 
bidding, standing up to straighten herself, pulling her 
dress down and straightening her top. She found the strap 
from her purse and attached it while unzipping it to get a 
brush to fix her hair.
Once she primped in the bedroom mirror she made her way to 
the front door.
Jamie and Randy followed her out. At the door the two 
kissed once again.
Ronnie stepped out into the afternoon air and looked back 
at the couple at the door.  
Randy winked at her, and she winked back. A plan well 
executed.

"JAMIE, have you got that bag packed yet??" Randy yelled to 
Jamie in the shower, her hand still "washing" her pussy 
thinking of the dream she had of her lover.
"No, but I'm coming, Ummm right away. Sorry, I guess I was 
day dreaming." Jamie yelled above the shower.


Jamie wasn't sure how many times she came while soaping her 
pussy, lost in the memory of last nights dream. All she 
knew was that she was sure to fall asleep again on the 10 
hour trip to Vegas.

"Hmmmm," she wondered to herself, "I wonder if Ronnie is 
planning a trip to Vegas this weekend?"

