Lonely Wives 5

Any comments, suggestions? geek_writer@yahoo.com

Check out my other stuff -
http://www.asstr.org/files/Authors/geekWriter/

Enjoy the story, and all that Copyright stuff??  The story is mine, if
you reproduce it somewhere, please let me know...
*****************************************************************************
From Chapter 4
+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++
"Hey Sweetie" she said from the kitchen.
"Hey Mom, how was your thing?"
"It was a good night, thanks love.  How about yours?"
"Got a lot accomplished.  Emily is really nice, and so is her friend."
"Really?  Who's the friend?"
"Dunno, didn't get a good look at her face." I said cryptically.
"Mmmm Hmmm..."
+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

"Mmmm Hmmmm?" I thought to myself.  "What the fuck?"  I sat frozen in my chair, putting two and two together.  No wonder Lady had seemed so familiar.  Lady, was my Mom!

"I'm goin ta sleep sugar, lock up will ya?"
"Sure thing" I said in a daze.  I heard her walk through the kitchen and up the stairs to her room.  I sat there reliving the evening in my head and recognized a lot of the things I had missed in my lusted haze.  The blond ponytail had thrown me off.  Her pussy had been completely bald as well so it would have been hard to identify her hair color.  The lipstick that really threw me off as well.  Lady had worn slutty rich purple lipstick, not something I had imagined on my mom.

"What about her eye color though" I remarked out loud.  Thought about that for a few as I went into the kitchen to clean up my stuff.  "Contacts" I finally decided.  Rather than potentially fuck things up in a royal way, I decided to test my theory in small ways.  I went to bed, a plan quickly taking shape in my head.

The next morning, I went down to the kitchen.  Mom was sitting with a cup of coffee, reading the paper.  "Morning Mom" I said cheerily.  
"Hey Sweets, how'd you sleep?"
"Great!  How about you?"
"Like a big, fat, round, log, that's for sure."  She smiled to herself, almost knowingly.  I wondered if she had any idea that I had put it together.  The only thing that didn't make sense was the voice.  Except when she was screaming my name, she whispered when she spoke.  I leaned down and kissed her on the neck.  I expected her to giggle, but she leaned into it before she realized what she was doing.  A split second later she pulled back like a mother should have.

"Duncan, don't do that.  I'm your mother!" she said convincingly.
"Sorry Mum, got carried away.  You look beautiful."
She grinned, "Well thank you, but don't kiss your mother like that any more."

"Time for step 2" I thought to myself.  I went to the bathroom to take a leak and after doing my business, I started thinking about the night before and jerked my cock up and down.  It didn't take me long to get a nice solid cock in my hand, but rather than finishing the job, I left it hard and pulled up my shorts.  It was completely obvious to anyone with eyes what was in my shorts.  I walked out into the kitchen, pulling my shirt over my head.  I played like one of the buttons was stuck, trapping me inside the shirt.  I fumbled around with it, holding the shirt completely off my chest and stomach.  I heard her spoon drop into the bowl of cereal she was eating.  I pulled the shirt over my head and looked at her, catching her staring.  She quickly looked away and as I walked to the laundry room, I distinctly heard her whisper, "holy fucking shit!".

By the time I came back into the kitchen, I could hear her pounding up the stairs.  I waited a minute or two and then made my way quietly up to my room, passing close to her door as I did.  It was low at first, but after a minute, I could hear her moaning.  

"Oh god, Oh God...Oh Oh OH!"  over and over like one of those indian mantras.  I listened to her get closer and closer to her orgasm, her voice muffled, but still clear.  "OH god that's so dirty...Mmmmm Hmmmmm, big fucking cock in my puss....OOooooooh yeah!"   The bed springs squeaked loudly as I heard her thrashing around on the bed.  I whipped down my shorts and began beating my big meat, wanting to come with her.  

I heard her begin to peak, moaning loudly enough to be heard, but not screaming.  I fired my sperm into my shorts thinking, "She's coming differently..."  Visions of Lady and my Mom danced through my head as I emptied my nuts into my shorts.  I slowed down my hand and picked up my shorts, heading down to my room.  I heard the phone ring when I closed the door.  A few minutes later, my mom knocked on my door.

"It's open" I said after pulling on a clean pair of shorts and underwear.
She came into my room still dressed in her robe.  Her cheeks were flushed, and she seemed like she had just gotten her breathing under control.

"Dunk, Patty's got another one for you.  You sure you can handle all these pools?"

"It's not the pools I am worried about" I thought to myself.  
"Yeah mom, most of them are in pretty good shape to begin with so it's just some cleaning up and retooling of the ph levels."

"Ooooh, so technical" she winked, coming towards me with another slip of paper.  Rather than give it to me, she hugged me.  It wasn't a motherly hug either.  Normally she would hug my shoulders and give me a kiss on the cheek.  This time she hugged me with her whole body.  It was over in a second but I could have sworn she bumped her pussy into my hard-on on purpose.  She pulled back, still holding me around my waist, my cock wedged between her legs.  "You gonna shower?  You've got a few hours until you need to be there."  The look in her eyes was total lust.  
"Uh, yeah.  I guess I will." I said in a daze.  She nodded and let me go, turning towards the door.  She turned her head back to me and said, "Don't lock it, I might need something in there."

I nodded and she smiled, walking out the door.  I followed her out and went into the bathroom next to my room.  I shut the door and unbuttoned my shorts.  As I was about to take off my clothes, Mom came in.  Her robe had opened quite a bit, exposing the tops of her large creamy breasts.  She ducked under the sink to grab something and went back out, leaving the door completely open.

As I was about to shut the door, I could see my mom in the mirror in her room.  I looked at the shower and realized that she would be able to see me in her mirror taking a shower if I left the door open.  It occurred to me that she had come in to open the door on purpose.  I could see her getting on the bed and moving to the middle.  She looked up at me just as  I dropped my gaze.  I waited a second and opened the door all the way.  I could almost feel her gaze burning into my back from where she was lying on the bed.  I slowly dropped my shorts and underwear, reaching into the shower to turn it on.  I heard her gasp when I turned to the side, my cock sticking straight out from my groin.  It hadn't gone down from my first come, mostly because I needed a pussy to put it in.

I got in the shower and closed the sliding door.  The shower doors were made of clear glass, so I knew she could see me.  I got my body wet under the showerhead and put some shampoo in my hair.  I lathered it up pretty well, getting my hands all nice and soapy.  I moved forward, letting the water run down my back.  I angled my body so that she could see how long and hard my cock was.  I ran my soapy hands slowly up and down the shaft, making my nuts boil slowly.  I wanted to nurse a big fat come out of my balls for my mother to see.

I kept my head turned away from the door as I stroked faster and faster.  I peeked out of the corner of my eye and saw in the mirror that my mom lying on the bed.  Her robe was completely open and she had a long pink dildo shoved betweeen her legs.  Her strong legs were pulled back and she was working the big rubber dick in and out, her face contorted by ecstacy.  I was sorely tempted to just rinse off and run right into her room, but something held me back.  I kept up my pace, gauging my timing by the look on her face.  I think she was so far gone at this point that it wouldn't have mattered if she saw me looking, but I kept up pretenses that I was unaware of her seeing me.

She arched her back and stuck a finger in her mouth, wetting it and putting it between her legs.  I had seen just about enough, especially the way her big tits were bouncing up and down.  I kept my head down as I turned fully towards the shower door and jacked the come right out of my balls and onto the glass door.  I aimed high at first so that it would drip slowly down the door.  Each shot of come was fat and heavy, making it stick at first and then run down in long white streams.  I heard her moan, "Oh God!" as she rolled over onto her stomach, showing me the dildo pistoning in and out of her.  I shot several more times before she reached over and shut her door.  

Breathing heavily, I washed off the door and the floor, and then myself.  I stepped out of the shower, and wrapped a towel around my waist, going to my room.  I got dressed and expected mom to come out, but her door remained shut.  I heard her voice, and realized she was on the phone.

I went over and called, "Bye Mom!"
"Bye Sweetie, what time will you be home?"
"Dunno, depends on what condition the pool is in.  Probably dinnertime."
"K, love you sweetie."
"Bye Mom."

I took the piece of paper with me and read it.  "Stephanie Glasden, 201 Hamilton.  2pm"
I looked at my watch and realized I had plenty of time.  I wondered if Mom would show up at the house this time or not.  I got on my bike and put the trailer on the back, hitching the boner in my pants to the side so I could sit down.  I pedaled quickly across town and got to the house with 15 minutes to spare.  I saw someone blonde duck into the side door just as I pedaled up the drive.

"Huh?" I thought to myself.  "Who was that?"
I parked my bike next to the garage and looked at the pool.  It was totally fucked.  There was algae everywhere, and the sides were separated in several places.  A woman's voice called from the patio to my right.  "Good Afternoon Duncan" she said in a sexy low voice that flowed like whiskey.  It was deeper than I was used to, and shocking when I saw the woman it came from.

"Mrs. Glasden?" I asked.
The woman nodded, coming forward to unlock the gate.  I watched her as she moved, and I mean moved across the patio.  Stephanie was about 5'2", japanese, and had a body like a playboy playmate.  Most asian girls I had ever met had been small, skinny, and cute.  Stephanie must have had some other blood in her because she didn't look the type.  Her lips were full and red, her face round and bronze with tan.  Her straight black hair framed her beautiful face and fully covered what looked to be a nice sized chest encased in  a jog bra.  

She unlocked the gate before I had a chance to check out the rest of the package, but she obliged me by saying, "Come in" and turned towards the pool.  She had a gymnasts lower body - small waist, hard, round ass that led to two very strong legs.  I followed the bouncing ass to the pool, looking awat just as she turned around.  

"As you can see, it's in need of serious help.  Can you see what you can do?" she said, laying a well manicured hand on my arm.

"Sure can, but this is going to take a lot of work." I said.
"More than a day?" she inquired.
"At least two, maybe three." I answered, seriously concerned if I could fix the sides and treat the water.  I totally wanted to fuck the shit out of this woman, but I needed to keep my cover going.

"Three days?  Oh my!" she exclaimed.  "How much will that cost?" she purred.  I looked up, seeing a lustful look in her eyes.  I had definitely grown bolder as these adventures went on, and realized that I had a role to play.  I hammed it up.

"Well, that all depends on how much work I will need to do really.  It looks like the whole thing will need to be drained and scrubbed throughly.  Those gaps," I pointed them out one by one, "will be a serious pain.  I may need to do some rough work on those.  I think I have the equipment for the rough stuff" I said, looking into her eyes and making it obvious when I drew my gaze down her amazing body.

"Are you sure you have the right equipment?" she asked, smiling.  "I might have some stuff you want to check out inside before you get started..."  She wiggled her eyebrows and smiled wickedly.

"Tell you what.  Why don't you go get the equipment out inside, and i'll take a quick look around out here."  I was staring at her chest, watching her nipples harden as we spoke.  
She licked her lips and nodded.  "You might have to help me get some of it out.  Some of the things are big and my husband is out of town for the week."

My pants were being filled by the hot iron bar that was growing out from between my legs.  She saw it begin to tent out my shorts and rolled her eyes.  "I'm going inside now..."

I pretended to examine the pool, got a thing or two from my cart, and put it down by the pool.  The day was warm so I took off my shirt and dropped it beside the pool.  I saw the shack that contained the pump and went to it.  I located the drains, and turned them on full.  It would take at least an hour to drain the pool completely.  I stepped out and caught faint motions in the pool, reassuring me that the drain system was functioning.  Kicking off my shoes, I opened the backdoor in just a pair of cutoff shorts.

"Hello?"
"The equipment is up here Duncan" she called.  "Come up and help me get it out"

Not needing further invitation, I practially sprinted through the livingroom and up the stairs.  A set of double doors was open at the end, a large white bed framed between them.  Standing in front of the bed was Stephanie, clad in white lace.  She had on a long flowing robe that accented the darkness of her hair and skin.  I walked down the hallway towards her, my gaze floating up and down her gorgeous form.

She had put on some makeup to accent her high cheekbones and slanted green eyes.  The effect only made her more exotic.  The more I looked at her, the more I thought she might be more hawaiian, rather than japanese.  She crooked a finger in a 'come here' motion, drawing me in close.  She stopped me before I could touch her, but I could feel her warm breath on my chest.  

"Do you see any equipment you can use?" she asked innocently.
"Yes, I definitely do."
"Do you need any help getting to it?" she asked.
"No, I think I can find it."
"Good" she said, huskily.  I could tell that the game was turning her on.

"Tell you what though..." I said, pausing in reaching for her robe.  I undid my shorts and let them fall to my feet, allowing my cock to spring out and stand up.  "Could you hold this thing for me?" I asked just as innocently as she had previously.

"Ohhhhhh.  Uh, yes, of course" she said recovering quickly.  I don't think they had told her just HOW big it would be.  She put one hand on my balls, fondled them for a second, and then slowly drew her hand up the underside of the long hot shaft.

While she was distracted by my member, I slid the sheer robe from her shoulders.  Her skin was bronze and shone with a light sheen of sweat.  Her hand left my rod only long enough to pull the robe from her shoulder.  She shook her hair behind her, so I had a full view of her bare breasts in the corset she was wearing.  It pushed up her already large breasts, showing nipples as well as cleavage.  I stared at her perfect globes, distracted only by the motion of her hand.  I looked down and noticed that she was wearing a garter, attached to long sheer stockings, and no panties.  Her slit was exposed and almost hairless.

"Need to make sure that the equipment is well lubricated" I breathed, leaning my head down to her left breast, my left hand sliding down along the pattern in the corset to run between her legs.  She moaned loudly, her free hand coming around the back of my neck as I licked around her nipple.  I reached around her with my right hand a squeezed her ass, feeling the muscles tighten in it as I slid my fingers between her wet pussy lips.

"Oh..Oh!  Do you think that, Oh! that the equipment will work?" she gasped between moans.  Her hand was moving rather quickly on my cock.  The two orgasms I had this morning stopped me from blowing my load right then and there, but I needed to dump my come in a pussy.

I lifted my head from her chest and sat down on the edge of the bed.  "I'm not really sure Stephanie.  I think I might need to see if it all fits together."  I said as I turned her to face away from me, pulling her hips towards me.  She understood my intent, spreading her legs in an attempt to straddle my thighs.  I wanted to sit her right down in my lap, but her legs were too short.  I put a hand on each ass cheek and lifted her off the floor, easily holding her above my long shaft.  "Can you give me a hand here Stephanie?  I need to make sure it's in the right place," I said, holding this luscious woman above me.  She reached between her slightly parted legs and guided me to the opening of her slippery labia.  Holding me in place, I moved her whole body back and forth, letting her weight push my cock into her slowly.  Inch by inch, her body accepted my large cock.

"Mmmmm Hmmmmm, so far so good.  Keep going." I said matter of factly.

I felt her take a deep breath and relax even more.  "More" she breathed.

I let gravity handle more of her, easing her down onto me.  I was sure that I was going to hit her cervix, and after another inch or so, I did.  I was a little more than halfway into her, and I knew I wasn't going to get in any further.  I had about 7 inches sheathed in her hot pussy, and she was so turned on she was dripping her juices into my lap.

"Shit! I knew it!" she yelled, disappointed.
"Don't worry.." I said holding her hips.  I pushed her up and off me, setting her down next to me.  "Lie down" I said.

I could tell she was still disappointed as she scooted up the bed and laid down on her back.  I distracted her by sliding my stick back into her honeypot.  She was hot and wet and ready to go.

"Bang the shit out of me, god I wanted it rough."

I reared my hips back and barreled back into her, stopping just short of hurting her cervix.  I repeated the stroke several times driving her wild.  She reached up and began playing with her nipples, shaking her big tits back and forth.  "God, I need to feel your balls slapping on me.  It's so nice and fat, but it's too fucking long!"

She wasn't complaining too much as I began shifting my hips from side to side, altering the direction of my attack.  I heard her start to hiss between her teeth as her cunt walls tightened.  I grabbed both legs and fucked her harder, bumping into her cervix on every third stroke.

The two orgasms I had from the morning kept me from coming with her, but she arched her back in such a sexy way it was a near thing.  I kept stroking in and out of her as she came slowly down from her orgasm.

I slipped out of her and laid down next to her on the bed.  She sat up and said, "I might have something that will help.  Go do some stuff, and come in when I call you."  I shrugged my shoulders, and put my shorts back on.  She went into the bathroom and shut the door.

The pool had drained a few feet, such that I could get to the gaps on the sides.  I managed to get two of the holes restretched before I heard her calling me about 30 minutes later.

I went back inside and saw her lying on the stairs.  "I know I can't take that big fucker in my ass, so I took something to help my pussy."

I nodded, not knowing what the hell she was talking about, pulling down my shorts.  She had ditched the corset and keeping the garter and stockings.  Her skin was covered in sweat, and her pupils were really dilated.  She grabbed my shaft and put it at the opening of her cunt.  She played her pussy around the head of my still hard cock, seating it.  I put up my hands on either side of her head as she wrapped her legs around my back, sliding my dick inside her.  She wrapped her arms around my neck and held herself up off the stairs, swinging her body back and forth.  Each downward swing would impale me into her even further.  Her nipples were rock hard as she shifted her cunt over my cock.  I bucked my hips up slowly, helping her journey down my pole.  When I expected to hit her cervix, I encountered another opening.

"What the?" I gasped.
She smiled wickedly.  "The stuff I took is called Carylbellum.  It's a plant that is usually given...ohhh...to pregnant women to help them..OH GOD...dilate their cervix for birth.  Oh YES!" she screamed as I felt my head slip through the opening or her cervix.  She swung up and down on my cock until my head was completely past her cervical opening, and her ass was all the way down on my balls.  I could see the drug working in her system, her eyes were glassy and unfocused, but her body moved sensually as she swung back and forth, the motions of her hips making her cervix move around the head of my cock.  

"Wow Stephanie, this is nice!" I moaned.  
"OH!  Do that again!" she moaned as I jammed my cock all the way into her.
"I'll do one better!" I said, grasping her waist in both hands and leaning back.  The motion impaled her completely on me.  I stood and walked up the stairs, each step jarring a gasp and a moan from her.  I got to the top of the landing and walked her into the corner, her legs still wrapped tightly around me.  I reached under her, holding her ass, and pulled out.  I slammed in and out of her, fucking her up against the wall, stroke after stroke.  She had stopped speaking, now just moaning my name each time my balls swung into her ass.  I sped up my pace as I felt my nuts begin to boil, grunting my pleasure.  Her cervix felt like a small mouth on the head of my dick and I was going to feed it a lot.  I blasted into her womb, jets of hot come painting the back wall of her vagina.  I felt her tense as each stream hit her, finally collapsing with my cock still sheathed inside her.  

I wrapped my hands around her back and carried her into her room.  I laid her down on the bed, sliding my cock out of her.  I ducked into the bathroom and grabbed a towel, putting it between her legs.  As I pulled the blankets over her unconscious body, I said, "Hope she's okay" to myself.

"She'll be fine" answered a voice from the door.  I turned towards it, seeing Lady framed in the open doorway.  "The drugs she took would have eventually knocked her out, you just hurried it up."  I turned fully towards her, my messy cock a statue between us.  She smiled as she walked into the room.  Her mask was in place showing her signature purple lipstick, a gold bracelet on one wrist, and nothing else on.

"You sure like being naked, don't you?" I asked, noticing that she was speaking and not whispering.  She grinned wickedly, flashing pearly white teeth.

"You don't seem to mind, do you?" she said, nodding her head at my still erect cock.  She bent down and began licking me clean with just her tongue.  I looked down at her perfect ass and noticed that her hands were bound behind her.  It looked as if Stephanie had planned on something different, binding Lady's hands with thick leather straps.  Her head bobbed up and down on my cock, leaving faint trails of lipstick halfway down my cock.

"Think you can take it all?" I said, tilting up her chin with my hand.

"Not in my mouth, but I want it in my cunt again.  You get that thing near my ass again and I WILL split apart."

"Fine, tell me who you are first.  Take the mask off."

Her eyes got wide in surprise.  "You're not supposed to ask that Duncan.  That's part of the deal."  She shook her head, standing up.  "Please don't ask that, you can't know how much trouble I will get in."

"Guess you'll have to do without then now won't you, Lady" I said, faking a sneer.  I picked up my shorts and walked towards the door.  She struggled to stand and practically ran after me.

"You have to fuck me!  PLEASE!@  I need it so fucking bad!"

I chuckled loudly, walking down the stairs.  I could hear her pleading with me as I went out the door and out back.  I grabbed the long brush and went down the steps into the pool.  I began scrubbing the scum off the sides and bottom of the pool, splashing the cleaned parts with chlorine cleaners.  By the time I had done half of the pool, I was working up a sweat.  I had been out in the sun for about an hour now, and it was baking my skin.  I walked to the end and went up the stairs, heading for the backdoor and the kitchen where I could get a drink.  

I had poured a big glass of water when I heard her speak.  

"Duncan, don't turn around."  

It was Lady's voice behind me.  It was pretty obvious at this point that it was NOT my mother in the mask, and if that were true, was it still possible to bone my mom?

I put my glass down and put both hands on the counter, nodding.

I heard her walk up behind me, and felt a silk sash being pulled around my head.  I reached up and held it in place while she tied it.  I was effectively blinded by it unfortunately.  "This is not staying on, is it?" I said in my sternest voice.

"No, it'll come off once I have you inside me."  She sounded almost sad.  She took my hand and led me through the house, to where I had no idea.  We went upstairs, and down the hall the other way.  I heard a door closing and a zipper being pulled, but not on my shorts.  She was finally taking off the mask.  She moved me over to the bed, sitting me on the edge.  She pulled my shorts down and put my dick in her mouth.  "Mmmmmm hmmmmm this is such an awesome cock.  Don't take it away from me when you find out, okay?" she almost pleaded.

"I won't!  Jesus, what could be so fucking bad?"

She pushed me back on the bed, climbing on top of me.  I could feel her cunt sliding down the length of my pecker.  It was silky and warm as she oooh'd and ahhh'd her way to the bottom.  I reached out for her big tits, finding them right in front of me.  She moved her hips up and down, churning her pussy with my dick.  Her breasts were heavy, real, and warm in my hands, and in my mouth when I leaned up to play with her nipple.  It grew hard between my lips as we rocked back and forth, our lovemaking slow and languid.

"I want to make it last as long as possible so I can remember."  
"Oh god, enough already!" I said, throwing my body over.  I pinned her beneath me with my body, my dick still sheathed deep within her.  I was about to reach up for the blind when she pulled it down for me.

There, on the bed, with my dick stuck deep inside her, was my Math teacher, Miss Jenkins.  She closed her eyes and looked away ashamedly.  I had never thought that Lady might be her, but now that I thought about it, my teacher always wore baggy clothes.  She was pretty in a geeky kind of way in school, but right now, she was hot as hell.

Her big tits stood out proudly on her chest, nipples extended.  I think she expected me to be angry, but I wasn't.  I pulled my dick out of her, causing her to wail, "NO!!"

and slammed it back into her cunt.  I grabbed her legs and bent them back so her knees were on her chest.  I blasted my hips back and forth, fucking her like mad.  

"You are so fucking hot, you've got to be kidding me if you think I wouldn't want to fuck you anymore.  Nasty teacher wanting to fuck her little student.  Do you like my big fat fucker, don't you Miss Jenkins?  Do you think about it while you are trying to teach me in math class?"

"Oh god!  DUNCAN!!!" she screamed as she came.

"Must have had a hard on in class one day eh Miss Jenkins?" I asked.

"Oh god yes, Duncan, keep fucking your teachers pussy.  Oh god, you came in from gym in those tight blue shorts and I could see the whole thing.  I wanted to attack you the first day!  Keep fucking me baby.  Fuck your teachers tight pussy baby, oh shit!"

"You need to stop wearing big clothes Miss Jenkins, what are you afraid of?"  I opened her legs and laid down on top of her, biting her neck and slamming my hips into her.  "You afraid one of your students is going to stick his big fuckpole in your cunt and drive you crazy?"

She grabbed my head and practically jammed her tongue down my throat, her legs wrapping me in a death grip.  The muscles in her cunt gripped me suddenly as she came once more.  Her hot pussy proved too much for my balls as I shot my load into her.  We thrashed on the bed for several minutes, her cunt milking every drop from my bottomless balls.  When we finally lay still, my withered cock slipped from her.  I rolled over onto one arm, propping my head up.  I gazed down at this amazing woman's body.

"I think it's hotter now that I know!"  I said, causing a big grin on her face.

"Duncan, seriously.  I could get fired, arrested, and thrown in jail for this."  She sounded serious and exhausted.

"Tell you what" I said with an expectant tone.  "I hold all the cards right now, don't I Miss Jenkins?"

She looked scared as she nodded slowly, unsure of herself.  "What are you going to do Duncan?"

"I want several things."  I slid off the bed, and stood over her, my arms folded.  My attempt at sounding powerful seemed to be working because she looked pretty nervous.

"I want to keep fucking my Math teacher, especially in the ass because she seemed to like it so much."  her face changed slightly, lust crowding out some of the fear.  "And.." she said expectantly.
"I want to keep fucking the other women I clean pools for."
She nodded, a slight grin on her face.  "Can I still watch?"
"Sometimes.  That's the third thing I want.  And if you can deliver this last thing, you can consider your pussy and ass full of me whenever you want."

She shuddered, her eyes rolling back as she smiled broadly.  "Anything Duncan...God, anything at all."

"Good" I said.  "I want you to get a room at the Hilton for next Saturday, and I want Mrs. Browne there in the mask."

Her eyes shot open.  "WHAT?  Are you fucking CRAZY???"  Mrs. Browne was my art teacher, and as blond and beautiful as Miss Jenkins was, Mrs. Browne was as dark and delicious.  "Duncan, you know she's married to the superintendant!"

I shrugged, moving to the side of the bed.  "Why don't you suck on this and think of a way to get her there.  If you get me hard, maybe I'll even fuck you again."  I slid my hands into her hair and pulled her face to my groin.  She gave in easily, slipping a hand under my balls and licking my cock like a lollipop.

I imagined a night with a dark black woman and got hard pretty darned quickly.  I had her screaming promises to me within 2 minutes of shoving my big dick back in her.

----------------
-Geek Writer-
let me know what you think! geek_writer@yahoo.com  The more feedback I get, the more I want to write!

All my stories are here:
http://www.asstr.org/files/Authors/geekWriter/  