Lady Jaye, the GI Joe Team's Covert Operations Specialist, was squinting in the harsh glare of the setting sun after being escorted from a transport helicopter. She was flanked by two Iron Grenadiers, the elite gas-masked soldier-salesmen of Destro's MARS Corporation and private army. Her lower lip was swollen and cut, bleeding slightly, and the zipper on her khaki top was broken, exposing her full breasts and a large areola. She saw Destro himself, the metal-masked Lord and leader of MARS, the Military Armaments Research Syndicate, supplier of high-tech weapons and equipment to any with money or resources to trade. Destro stood at the edge of the helicopter landing pad, himself flanked by armed Iron Grenadier security guards. Destro was a large man, tall and muscular, with a stance suggesting strength and supreme self- confidence. Destro had been the main weapons supplier to Cobra Command, the international terrorist force that was the GI Joe team's main focus, but now Destro was operating on his own, with goals and objectives that did not align with either Cobra or the free world. The IG troopers with Lady Jaye indicated that she should approach Destro.
"Sergeant, why has this woman been mistreated?" Destro spoke with a deep voice and a cultured Scots accent. As the IG troop leader started to explain, Lady Jaye spoke out in defiance.
"Your boys didn't do this. A couple of Cobra's Drednoks thought to have fun with me. I broke some jaws and noses in return."
"Lady Jaye. We have been both enemies and reluctant allies in the past. Regardless, I will not tolerate mistreatment of prisoners...or guests." Destro gestured to an aide, and was handed a flight jacket that he offered to Lady Jaye to cover herself with. "Please allow me to show you to the infirmary. There are important matters that must be discussed, but not until you have been seen by my doctors." Pulling the MARS flight jacket over her lush frame, Lady Jaye shrugged and then nodded in the affirmative.
"Thank you, Destro. I'm fine, more angry than injured, but I thank you for the concern."
With a gesture, Destro escorted Lady Jaye to the infirmary at his castle base. Walking next to him, noting his solicitous regard, Lady Jaye was reminded how powerful Destro's presence was, the masculine and commanding way in which he acted, and how impressive and attractive he could be.

After a quick examination and care from the doctor, Lady Jaye was escorted to guest quarters, a well-appointed space with tasteful decorations and a luxurious bath. Destro had made it clear that she was a guest, not a prisoner, and said clothes would be left for her while she cleaned up. He would send her uniform to be washed and repaired, and he invited her to join him for dinner after she had refreshed.
Lady Jaye stripped off, drawing a hot bath in the massive claw-footed bathtub. Her back and limbs ached from strain and hand-to-hand combat, her breasts had been bruised by the rough hands of the mercenary biker-trash Dreadnoks, and the bath felt deliciously relaxing. Expensive scented soaps and bath salts had been left for her, along with an assortment of beauty accoutrements, and Lady Jaye took her time in the bath, scrubbing away the feeling of stress and pain and rage and fear. As she shaved her legs to a silken smoothness, she found her thoughts filled with Destro.
There had been a time in the past where Lady Jaye and her lover, the GI Joe executive officer Flint, had helped Destro recover his ancestral title and property from a Cobra-sponsored usurper. Destro had kissed her hand in thanks, had proclaimed her "a pretty lady", and had acted with honor and physical courage.
Leaving the bath and luxuriating in plush towels, Lady Jaye found a large assortment of cosmetics and fragrances waiting for her, and a lovely gown hanging at the full-length mirror. She took her time, brushing her thick, wavy Brunette hair, cut in an efficient bob cut, and selected makeup to lend glamour to her high cheekbones, full lips, and large blue eyes. The gown left for her was the right size, and she blushed to realize the bodice was cut to display her full bosom almost to the nipples. What did Destro have in mind? Lady Jaye felt the heat in more than her cheeks as she thought about that. It had been a very hard day, perhaps a...romantic?...meal with a charming host was just what she needed. She didn't bother with the silken panties that lay, neatly folded, on the dresser.
Dressed in the gown, a gold chain with a large sapphire pendant accentuating her creamy cleavage, Lady Jaye opened the door of her guest quarters to find a Corporal of the Iron Grenadiers, wearing dress uniform styled after the British Scots Guards rather than his battlegear, that was waiting outside to escort her to the dining room. The young man was the soul of professionalism, only glancing at Lady Jaye's cleavage before offering an arm and guiding her to the meal.
Lady Jaye found herself announced to Destro in an intimate dining room, lit by candles. Destro waited, dressed in a silk shirt and finely-tailored slacks. The greatest surprise though was that his Chrome-finished steel mask was resting on a sideboard. Destro turned as Lady Jaye entered, and a smile lent charm to his handsome features.
"Ah, Lady Jaye. It would be most impolite to dine while wearing a mask, no? And you look beautiful my Dear. The soldier has indeed become a Lady." He took her hand, and led her to a chair at the small dining table, seating her, then pouring an exquisite red wine.
Lady Jaye was flushed before even tasting the wine. What was this? Destro was so handsome and charming, treating her as if this were a romantic dinner between lovers. She had battled against this man, and once alongside him. But the room seemed filled with him, his charisma and personality. She found herself drawn in by his conversation and company, enjoying the wine and the excellent food. He was the soul of charm, obviously appreciating her beauty, but talking to her, looking her in the eyes, asking her opinions, making her laugh.
Lady Jaye was deeply in love with Flint, the bold and daring second-in-command of the GI Joe team. He was brash and blunt, icy cool in command and a fiery, passionate lover, but... Destro was here, handsome and cultured and refined. He seemed exotic and larger-than-life. His scent, his deep voice, his masculinity seemed to fill the dining room.
Destro poured a measure of brandy for them each, and thanked Lady Jaye for her company at the meal. "My Dear, it is my hope that we might step beyond any harsh feeling over past conflicts. I have important intelligence that would suggest that Cobra is presenting a new threat that would warrant an alliance between MARS and your GI Joe Team. But before I present that, I might wish for another sort of alliance."
Lady Jaye flushed again, light-headed far beyond the moderate amounts of drink she had enjoyed. She felt a wetness in her vagina, and warmth in her breasts. She was so in love with Flint, but Destro's presence was overwhelming her.
Suddenly Destro stood, leaning in to kiss her deeply. The taste of brandy stung her injured lip, but she swooned at his touch, and the feel of his lips and tongue. Then Destro's large hands reached to free her full breasts from the bodice of her gown, his thumbs flicking across her puffy nipples, his strong hands squeezing her breasts a bit, and Lady Jaye moaned as he broke off the kiss and guided her to her feet.
He turned her towards the long sideboard, pressing her against it, kissing her neck and her breasts as he unzipped the gown, letting it fall, leaving her nude save for her kitten-heel pumps and the pendant swinging between her breasts, sitting on the edge of the sideboard. Lady Jaye sighed and moaned as Destro pleasured her body with lips, tongue, and hands. She needed his touch, his strong hands, his fiery kisses on her mouth, her neck, her shoulders, her breasts. She gasped as Destro dropped to his knees and levered her creamy thighs apart, leaning in to kiss and lick and suck on her pussy, her juices flowing as he sucked her clit and penetrated with tongue and fingers. Lady Jaye gasped and loudly moaned, running her fingers through Destro's hair as he pleasured her orally. She closed her eyes and cried out as a orgasmic wave passed through her.
Destro stood again, removing his shirt and dropping his trousers as she continued to ride her orgasmic wave. Destro was a large, well-muscled man, and Lady Jaye gasped again as she saw his erect cock. He was huge! Flint was a skilled lover with an above-average member, but Destro was very well-endowed, in a class with the GI Joe Heavy Machine Gunner Roadblock, a gigantic Black man that Lady Jaye had dallied with twice before. She thought to drop to her knees before Destro, taking his large cock in her hands and her mouth, feeling him fill her mouth, tasting his pre-ejaculate on her tongue, feeling him press in, sucking hard as his member entered her throat. Gagging and spitting and sucking as he held her head and thrust inside her mouth. A tear ran from each eye just from the passion and the feeling as Destro's spit-covered cock loved her mouth and throat.
Destro grunted twice, but then pulled out of her mouth, letting go of her head. He picked her up in his arms, carried her across the room and into a bedchamber, and laid her on a plush bed. Her eyes were wide and she moaned as he spread her legs and placed the head of that massive cock at the lips of her pussy. Lady Jaye cried out as Destro penetrated her, her wet pussy making a squelching sound as Destro thrust inside her, pushing and pushing until he was balls deep. He lay on top of her, kissing her neck, Lady Jaye moaning as Destro loved her body, his massive cock stretching her inside, filling her, touching places that Flint could not. Here she was, fucking this enemy, feeling shocking bliss as this dangerous arms dealer expertly pleasured her body.
"Oh, Destro. You're. So. Big." Her eyes were closed, her fingers clawing at his back, he kept pumping, that cock kept thrusting. He was so big, his erection so hard, his stamina and skill were amazing. Lady Jaye's groin, ass, and inner thighs were covered in her own love juices, she was now screaming as she reached another shattering climax.
Destro pulled out for a second, placed her legs on his broad shoulders, and lifted her slightly, placing his cock at her anus. She never let Flint fuck her ass, but she never even thought of saying no as Destro's cock, slick with her fluids, penetrated and stretched her ass. She cried out again, feeling a mixture of pain and pleasure as the thick head of his cock stretched her anal ring, and as he drove balls deep in her ass, pumping and pumping. Lady Jaye felt another orgasm rising. His huge cock had found her G-spot, and she rode the wave, a crashing wave of bliss as Destro pounded her anally. Finally, with a grunt and a cry of his own, Destro came in Lady Jaye's ass, his hot seed filling her. He lay atop her, spent, kissing her mouth again. She returned his passionate kisses, tears coursing down her cheeks.