It Can Be A Trial Just Getting To School
by Isabella

I was born in Malton, well; they actually call it Malton & Norton at the heart of Yorkshire's Ryedale. I always think of Malton & Norton as a little bit schizophrenic, two towns trying to be one and failing. I was born in 1999, I was the original 'Y2K' bug, coming along as I did on 31st December, the hospital squeezed me out of my mother a little before I was ready so that they could get along to the New Year's Eve party.

I turned out to be an overly bright child, my father was the railway station manager at the Malton station and my mother was a nurse in the local cottage hospital, so we weren't exactly rich but my mother did push me a lot to do well in school. In 2010 I sat an exam at the local boarding school for girls, situated just outside Norton, very select, very private, forty boarders and twenty day girls, boarders were charged fifteen thousand pounds a year and day students eight thousand.

I knew even back then that my parents couldn't afford eight thousand pounds so why did I sit the entrance exam? My head teacher had proposed me to the school as a scholarship prospect, my parents were told but I wasn't, as they didn't want me to be overly pressurised before such a life changing examination.

Needless to say, I aced the exam, scoring the highest mark ever recorded for an entrance exam in the school's history; I got a full scholarship as a day pupil, one of only three the school offered to residents of the local community. The first two years went well, the days were longer than I was used to because I had to have dinner after school and then do an hour's prep with the rest of the student's before I could go home.

The first two years were hard work but I did have the pleasure of beating all of the rich kids and winning the founder's prize two years on the trot. Then there was a nasty twist, Malton Railway station was being turned into an unmanned station, and unmanned meant that they didn't need a station master. My father was offered redundancy or the position of station master at Filey, it was a no-brainer really, he had to take the Filey job, there was little job opportunity in Malton & Norton for men with good qualifications and job experience but there was literally only the one job that my dad was trained for (pardon the train pun), he could have retrained as a shelf stacker at Tesco's but the pay wouldn't have been anywhere close to enough to support us.

We had to move to Filey as the station master always had a house close to the station as part of the pay package so I was expecting to have to move back into a council school in Filey. My mother made an appointment to see my school bursar in the final week I had left in year eight. She was going to tell her that I was going to have to leave the school and to thank her for the two years that I had spent at their school, my mother was certain that it had given me an excellent grounding to my school career.

My mother was surprised by the Bursar's reaction, "Well, Victoria is our star pupil, we are looking forward to seeing her in year nine. We have planned to make Victoria our head girl, the youngest head girl in our history and we were looking forward to Victoria breaking other school records. Other day girls travel as far as Filey, some further each day, some parents feel the time and cost of transport to be worth it for a first class education. So, as I say, I expect to see Victoria on the first day of term next year. We will be emailing you with permitted alterations to Victoria's uniform, to show that she is head girl, later in the holidays."

My dad managed to get me a travel pass as a part of his relocation package from the railway, that would cover my travel needs for three years, so I'd be covered until my GCSE's. I'd be expected to go on to 'A' levels after that but my scholarship only guaranteed my place at school until I was sixteen, after that I may have to switch to a local government school anyway.

Summer holidays in Filey were fantastic, I got to go to the beach every day, there were always thousands of new people every week to watch and gradually over the seven weeks of the summer holiday I got a tan and a little curious about all the courting couples I saw on the beach. But, all things must come to an end and my summer holiday of 2011 was no exception and soon I was getting ready for a new year at school with my slightly modified uniform with gold braiding around the opening and bottom of my school blazer.

The first train from Filey to Malton & Norton left at eight o'clock but that wouldn't get me into school early enough so I would have to take a bus to Scarborough and a train from Scarborough to Malton. There were only two of us waiting for the early bus to Scarborough, me, in my newly altered grey blazer with school shield on its breast pocket, grey pleated skirt, white blouse with scarlet and blue diagonal tie and straw boater with scarlet and blue striped hatband, white knee length socks and patent leather t-strap sandals.

The other passenger standing at the bus stop was a young women, she had on a red halter topped dress, so short that the tops of her stockings were peeking out from under its hem and six inch high heeled dancing shoes. She looked like she had just come out of an all night rave or would have if it wasn't for her wheeled cabin bag, she could have just got back from Ibiza I guess.

The bus was five minutes early but we both got on as soon as it arrived at the stop. The driver left the bus and closed the doors so that he could go to the toilet. I took an empty seat and watched the other woman sit at the side of a man who seemed to be pleased to see her. I could see them both from my seat and they chatted for a few moments before they started to make out. The two of them kissed for most of the twenty minutes it took the bus to get to Scarborough and as the bus pulled onto its stand the woman stood up and I watched as she pulled the front of her dress back in place and her lipstick was a little smudged.

I went over to the railway station and stood on the platform waiting for the train to Malton, when it arrived, the train was a long one, two carriages longer than the platform, the front carriages were all full, so I walked through to the rear of the train right at the very end of the train there were two empty tables, I took the first one and then noticed the woman following me down the train, her lipstick was almost all gone, it was obvious that she had spent the time that I was waiting for the train on the platform kissing or something, which was strange as the man she had been kissing on the bus didn't get off with her.

She sat at the table opposite mine across the aisle, the train set off and I watched as the woman reapplied her lipstick. I had a set book that I was trying to read so I tried to get down to it, it was very boring, it would have been a 'bodice ripper' but it had been sanitised to the point where all the 'interesting' parts had been left to the readers imagination.

But I didn't even get a half a page read when I was distracted by the woman opposite me, she was sitting right on the edge of her seat with one leg out in the aisle and she was adjusting her stocking out in the aisle. I looked over as she slit across the bench to the window seat, she had her cabin bag on the top of the table, then a man slid into the seat at her side.

The man was obviously around twenty years older than the woman and they had a very short whispered conversation. He looked over at me and the woman pulled his face back, "Don't worry about her, she's reading." The two of them began kissing, the train journey would take between thirty minutes if it didn't stop or forty-five minutes if it stopped at the small stations on the way.

I couldn't read another word, the sanitised 'bodice ripper' on the table in front of me was nothing compared to the actual 'bodice ripper' happening across the aisle from me. I saw the guy's left hand slip under the hem of her dress and then he turned his body so that his back was to me, his body and the woman's case hid them both from the view of anyone on the train who may have been looking in their direction.

I heard the woman gasp and saw her head fall back against the headrest of her seat. I was the only person on the train who could see anything of what was happening, the man's right hand had freed the woman's right breast from the side of her halter top, there was no bra cup covering her breast and the man actually bent his head forward and took her nipple in his mouth.

Before my summer holiday boys hadn't even popped into my head, spending most of the summer on my own on the beach had opened my eyes and my mind to the potential of boys, watching the young men and women on the beach making out every afternoon, most of them only a few years older than I was. I had lay there in my black polycotton bikini, day after day, just hoping that one of those young men would talk to me, it wasn't much to ask, I didn't want the grand love affair, just wanted one of the guys to talk to me, take an interest in me.

The woman opposite me seemed to be gasping and out of control for five minutes, then she composed herself, she stood up to wriggle her panties back into place and to look over the top of her case to see if her noises had been noticed further along the train. I also looked down the carriage and all I could see were people in their own worlds, reading newspapers or trying to catch a little nap before starting work.

The man in the seat across the aisle from me still had his back to me, he shuffled back slightly until his bottom was almost hanging off of the edge of his seat. The woman leaned forward, there was the sound of a zipper being pulled down slowly and suddenly the waistband of the man's trousers slackened and the woman leaned further forward. I could see her shoulder moving up and down and from the direction of her arm she had to be playing with his dick.

I was feeling uncomfortable, not uncomfortable at what I was seeing but uncomfortable at the effect that watching the man and woman playing together was having on my body, especially how damp things were getting between my legs. I saw the top of her head slip further forward, she seemed to be closely inspecting his cock, between his body and the seat I could just make out that her head and shoulders seemed to be raising and falling rapidly and her right arm seemed to be moving up and down twice as fast.

I knew the line well, we were just two or three minutes from the station at Malton when the woman's head came back into view, her lipstick was once again all rubbed off of her lips and her face was spattered with well, I should say that it looked like wallpaper paste but I guessed that the guy wasn't walking around with his trousers full of that so it had to be man cream that was covering her face.

The man fastened his trousers and he kissed the woman before returning to his original seat. I had to be on my toes, they made an announcement that passengers for Malton had to disembark from the first four carriages and as the train didn't stop for long in each station I had to be moving along the train before it actually stopped.

I headed towards the exit and spotted the woman I had been watching make out with two different men on my journey to school was a few steps behind me, but while I headed for the exit she trundled her case into the ladies toilet. The minibus to school waited not far from the station, when I lived in the station house I caught that same bus to school. It had to wait until all the feeder coaches were in as well as the various trains before it left to take us all into school, so I opened my book on an eighteenth century love affair and tried to pick up from where I left off on the train, at the last minute another day girl ran from the railway station dragging a trundle case behind her.

Now it could have been that I knew the time table so well and that I knew without a doubt that the last train into the station had been the one I was on or it could have been that cabin case trundling along behind the girl but I guessed that the case didn't carry books, rather it probably held a red halter dress and stockings. In uniform I recognised Rebecca Carter, she would be a year ten student this term, she had been the founders prise winner the year before I joined the school and had been runner up to me the next two years.

There wasn't a trace of makeup on Rebecca's face now but as she got on the bus and smiled at me I could almost still see the spattering of man cream that had been covering her face the last time she looked at me on the train. Rebecca sat at my side and said "Hi", in two years that we had caught the minibus to school together it was the first time she had even looked at me, never mind spoken to me.

In the refectory Rebecca caught my arm and guided me to an empty table. At that school, even lunch was a lesson, we didn't queue up at a servery to collect slops from bain-marie, food was served at the table plated up as if we were in a restaurant, learning how to eat correctly was probably more important to most of our parents than learning how to do quadratic equations.

"We have a problem here Vicky, it would seriously embarrass my parents if you ever told anyone in Filey how I entertain myself on my way to and from school, so as I see it, either I get you into my world or I push you out of yours."

I didn't fully understand what Rebecca meant but as the table began to till up with other girls our private conversation ended abruptly with Rebecca testing how sharp her steak knife was with the edge of her thumb. She stopped the restaurant manager as she was passing and asked her if she could have a sharper knife as hers had a dull edge. "You never know when you're going to have to cut something tough and gristly, so it's always better to have a good edge on your knife!"

It played on my mind all afternoon, had Rebecca really just threatened to hurt me, or even kill me, everyone at the school knew that it was a very strict rule that no one 'Peached' on fellow students, no matter what the crime was; it was a hangover from boarding schools in Dickensian days. So Rebecca should have known that I could be totally trusted not to tell anyone what I had seen on the bus and train, well, no adult at least.

I was the last one on the minibus to town after prep, the teacher in charge of prep had chosen me to tidy the room after the end of prep, usually if one of the day girls were selected the others all chipped in a little so that the bus could get away on time but the chosen girl was always last one to the bus.

Rebecca was sitting at the front with an empty seat next to her; she patted her hand on the empty seat and told me to sit next to her. "Well, are you going to be my friend on the way to and from school or are we going to have a problem?" "Well, I'd rather be your friend than your enemy!" Rebecca smiled at me and sat back in her seat for the short journey into Malton. We crossed the road from the bus stop to the railway station, I was heading towards the Scarborough platform when Rebecca grabbed my arm and pulled me towards the ladies toilet, I was pulled right into the large disabled stall with Rebecca.

Rebecca stripped down completely naked in the toilet, navy-blue knickers and regulation white cotton bra as well. Rebecca was a year older then I was but she had no fur triangle at all between her legs, I had a little light coverage down there, no plush forest, just a few ginger wires poking out through the fine blond downy hair that covered my body.

I was surprised to see that in Rebecca's case she had two pairs of knickers, one red pair looked like it had been worn, the other, peach coloured, was ironed and neatly folded. Rebecca took the red thong out of a plastic bag and felt the crotch, "A little damp but at least Gary didn't rip the crotch out of this pair. You change into the peach set, hat and blazer in my bag, along with mine and we'll need to roll the top of your skirt over a few times so it looks less like a school uniform.

I was a little reluctant to undress in front of Rebecca, it was ridiculous really, every girl at our school had to undress in front of each other but usually not in such close proximity, I always tried to hide away in the corner and never looked out until everyone was changed. Rebecca was standing in just her thong when she started unbuttoning my blouse.

"Your tits are a bit small, I guess some men like that kind of thing though, I'm sure most men will love to see those through your cheap nylon blouse. Eventually I was divested of all of my clothes and was wearing Rebecca's peach thong, wisps of ginger hair showing out of either side as the thong was so small. "You really should go in for lower grooming like me, especially being ginger like you, when a man fucks you, the course hairs will be dragged in with his cock and he'll rub himself raw, at least shave your pussy lips, your boyfriend will thank you for it."

I managed to whisper, "I've never had a boyfriend!" Rebecca laughed, "Well, you won't be able to say that in an hour's time darling!" Rebecca didn't have spare stockings so I had to take my knee-length socks off and wear my school sandals over bare feet. Rebecca rolled the waistband of my school skirt over twice; taking my conservative, knee length grey skirt to a very immodest five inches above.

We had to run to catch the train to Scarborough because I had resisted Rebecca's attempt to transform me. As we ran for the train I was really glad that I didn't have breasts the size of Rebecca's, especially as I was running braless. What little swing there was in my little breasts was causing my nipples to rub against the inside of my cheap nylon blouse. By the time we reached the door to the train, friction and nature had conspired to make me even more noticeable to the men in the carriage that we entered, Rebecca pushing me in front of her into the train.

Like the morning, there were more people in the front four carriages but the rear ones were completely empty this time, far less people talking the seven thirty train in the evening than the early train in the morning. Rebecca slowed down on the way through the occupied compartment; I looked back and saw her smile at two men sitting chatting together. As I went through into the fifth carriage, I looked back; the two men were looking at Rebecca's backside as she sashayed through the compartment.

I was going to sit in the totally empty fifth compartment but Rebecca pushed me on into the last carriage. As I passed between the fifth and sixth doorway I looked back again, the two men were coming through into the fifth carriage. Rebecca made me go right to the end, the only thing beyond was the toilet area and the doors to get off the train if the platform were long enough.

Rebecca sat in the window seat with her back to the toilet wall and made me sit in the window seat opposite her, within seconds the two men were at the side of our table, "Hello ladies, mind if we join you?" Rebecca smiled at the man standing closest to me, the two men swapped places and he sat by Rebecca's side and the other sat at my side.

Rebecca got straight down to tonsil wrestling with her guy; we did only have forty minutes to get to Scarborough after all. I watched as the guy slid his hand into the side of Rebecca's halter top, she looked down the carriage and then dipped her head forward, the man slid his hands up and lifted the halter strap of her dress over her head and Rebecca was sitting topless kissing the guy.

The man sitting next to me told me his name was Roger, "My over eager friend over there is Paul!" My view of Rebecca and Paul disappeared as Roger's face blocked my view and his lips covered mine. I felt clumsy, over sized fingers, fumblining with the tiny buttons on my school blouse, calloused fingers slipped inside the three buttons that had been opened as Roger's tongue slipped into my mouth, the first tongue other than my own to ever enter my mouth.

My body shuddered from the soul kiss and shuddered again as Roger's hand cupped my breast, I could feel the tip of my nipple as Roger's palm caught it first, hard like a pencil eraser and then Roger's hand crushed my breast, his hand was at least twice the size of my breast and he mauled it a little too hard, causing me to gasp into his mouth.

I felt Roger shuffle in his seat as he turned sideways on to me, he broke our kiss and I saw that he was sitting with his left leg tucked under his right knee and his left knee was now pressing into my side. I looked over at Rebecca and Paul, they were lip-locked, Paul was sitting in the mirror pose to Roger. Paul was trying to gather Rebecca's dress into his hands, I watched as she lifted in her seat slightly so that Paul could pull the material out from under her bottom, Paul pulled his lips from Rebecca and then he told her to lift her arms.

Rebecca was sitting in her seat in just her red thong in a flash, the two men looked at each other and gave each other a lecherous leer then Roger returned to looking at my breasts, now my blouse was totally open and had been un-tucked from my skirt. Roger kissed me a few times and then he started to bite my neck and shoulder before going down to my breasts.

I was watching the Rebecca and Paul show closely, Rebecca leaned forward and unzipped Paul's trousers, she eased his erection out from his fly-hole. I watched, open mouthed as the first adult erection I had ever seen eased out into view. I watched as Rebecca inspected Paul's cock head, she pulled back his foreskin at the moment that Roger's hand lost interest in the breast he wasn't chewing and started its journey under my skirt.

Rebecca seemed to be looking for something under Paul's foreskin, then she seemed to have satisfied herself and she rubbed a little fluff from around his glands. As Rebecca's head dipped forward and her bottom slid back slightly her mouth sought out Paul's cock and covered his cockhead. It was at that moment that that Roger's fingers eased the crotch of my panties to one side and one of his huge fingers broke through into my body at the precise moment that Roger bit down hard on my nipple.

Rebecca's head popped up from Paul's lap and she made sure that I was looking at her eyes then she nodded her head and rolled her eyes down towards Roger's lap and she nodded her head at me, telling me to copy what she was doing. Roger for his part was happily mining up into my pussy with a single over sized finger, the lumps and bumps of calluses caused by manual labour adding to the pleasure / pain of my experience.

I managed to get Roger's zipper open eventually and I managed to get his cock out while trying to keep watching Rebecca and Paul. I didn't bother looking too closely at Paul's cock; I didn't know what Rebecca had been looking for so I just didn't. Paul was gasping and then he pushed Rebecca's head away from his cock and tried to pull her out of her seat and onto his lap, she pulled back, "You have a condom?" Paul shook his head, Rebecca leaned on the table, "Roger, you have any condoms?" "I always carry one in my wallet." "Only one, that's a shame" Rebecca looked at Paul, "we need to swap, no condom, no shag sorry, Victoria will give you oral though."

Rebecca and I swapped places she whispered in my ear as we crossed over, "I checked him out, he looks clean, just remember to rub hard and fast with your hand and suck gently but keep your teeth out of the way of his cock!"

I sat in Rebecca's place and slipped my mouth over Paul's cock, there were traces of Rebecca's lipstick around his cock. I started to suck his cock and under the table I managed to see Rebecca rolling Roger's rubber down his cock. Paul's hand pressed harder on the back of my head and it felt like he was trying to drill through the back of my neck he was pushing his cock so hard into my mouth.

I managed to see as Rebecca straddled Roger's cock, she had one hand holding the condom on Roger's cock while her other hand opened herself for him to get in her cunt more easily. As Roger bounced Rebecca up and down on his knee Paul went a little crazy as he fucked my mouth. I felt a jet of bitter, salty liquid in my mouth and managed to pull my head back a little. My hand was still rubbing up and down furiously on Paul's cock and I was just a fraction of an inch away as his cock erupted all over my face.

We were on the outskirts of Scarborough when the two men left us, Rebecca still totally naked sitting opposite me with a spunk covered face but at least I still had my skirt on even if I didn't have a complete pair of knickers on as the gusset of Rebecca's panties had been ripped away by either Paul or Roger.

My head was in a spin but Rebecca was hurrying me on, we needed to look at least reasonably respectable in just moments so that we could walk through the train, the announcement was made to disembark from the first four carriages only. I was still buttoning my blouse as I walked through the train, I had managed to de-spunk my face but there was still loads in my hair.

I could see why Rebecca had chosen the little halter neck dress, she didn't even try to slip into her red thong, she just pulled her dress over her head and she was ready to go. I noticed that Rebecca had picked Roger's condom up off of the floor where he had let it fall after slipping out of Rebecca, she saw the disgusted look on my face, "Never leave any evidence beyond a wet seat or they'll start investigating.

The condom was dropped into the litter bin at the bus stop while we waited for the bus to Filey. Rebecca looked a little disappointed that the bus from Scarborough to Filey was totally empty, "It was a good thing that Roger guy had a rubber with him or I'd have spent the whole night frustrated.

On the bus ride home Rebecca looked at her peach panties, "Fuck it, they were brand new, you'll have to wear your own knickers tomorrow, you got any sexy ones?" I shook my head, "Okay, come with me to my house on your way home and I'll give you some of my old ones, they will fit you better than they fit me now anyway.

Rebecca's father owned one of the large hotels on the sea front; he also owned an amusement arcade as well as one of the fish and chip shops. Rebecca got to her bedroom and changed into casual clothes before anyone actually knew she was home. So at least I knew how she got away with dressing the way she did on her way to and from school.

In the hotel trade, breakfast was about the busiest time of the day, so she could eat her breakfast and slip out of the back of the hotel while her mum and dad were busy cooking and serving breakfast and at eight thirty in the evening, her father was serving drinks in the bar. I stuffed a handful of Rebecca's panties into my satchel and then she took me down to the bar.

I felt extremely self conscious about walking into a well lit bar with my thin blouse and no bra on but at least I had put my school tie, blazer and hat on so it didn't look as bad. Rebecca's dad offered me a drink but I told him that my dad would be waiting for me to get home. There was a telephone call to my house and Rebecca's dad poured me a coke, "I asked your dad if it was okay for you to have a drink, he seemed happy that you have found a friend to make the trip to school and back with and he said to be home by ten o'clock and no later!"

While I was chatting to Rebecca's dad at the bar I spotted Rebecca talking to one of the customers sitting in the bar, "Come on Vicky, let's listen to some music in my room before you have to go." "Don't play your music too loud Becca!" Her father called out to her as she led me out to the stairs.

Rebecca pulled me into her bedroom, she turned her music on, "Did you put your school knickers back on?" I shook my head, "Good, we don't have long anyway if your dad insists on you getting home by ten o'clock!" Rebecca had left her bedroom door open which I thought was a little strange, Rebecca pushed me onto her bed on my back and flipped the front of my skirt up, I tried to push it back down and thought that was even stranger until I saw the man that Rebecca had been talking to in the bar pushing her bedroom door open. "Did you get them?" The man nodded his head and held up an unopened box of condoms from the machine in the gent's toilet.

"Take a deep breath Vicky, my friend Brian here is going to turn you from a girl and into a woman but he only has, like, half an hour so stop trying to cover your goodies. Rebecca began to open my blouse too as Brian walked across her room opening his trousers, Brian was older by far than Paul or Roger, probably as old as both put together, he was fat and as he started to knee walk along the bed to cover my body he stank of B/O, so much so that I tried to pull away from him. Rebecca stamped her foot at me, "Don't fuck about, he's going to break you in and in the next thirty minutes or you and I have a problem."