If any sight had ever meant more to Dylan than Joker hobbling to the airlock and firing on Collectors with a rifle that probably bruised him with the kickback from every shot, he wasn't sure what it was. At least equaled by his crew, loyal and more importantly, alive, pulling him up into the airlock.

Talking to the Illusive Man was a thing he did on auto-pilot, grateful for the helmet of his new Collector-inspired armor and how it hid his eyes. He could glare without putting any effort into it. He could get his point across and leave the briefing room without using up the last of his reserves.

It wasn't that Dylan was unhappy. He'd gotten everyone out alive, he'd gotten there in time to save the ship's crew, and the Collectors were gone.

The adrenaline was gone, too. Even the best possible outcome couldn't have lessened the toll it had taken, and when he got to his cabin, he couldn't manage the walk over to the table behind the display case to put his helmet down before it just fell out of his hand.

His cabin was, all things considered, better off than other parts of the ship. The tanks were intact and the display case still held his models in place. Everything on his desk was scattered all over the floor, though. His hamster was scurrying around near its tank, unsure what to do about its home being turned on its side. He somehow managed to pick both up and set the tank back where he'd put it on the shelf, only to watch the occupant scurry around his glove for a little while.

It seemed a little bothered by the Collector material. He couldn't blame it; useful though it may have been, benign though it may have been compared to the skin of an actual Collector, the source couldn't be denied.

He put the hamster back and trudged on, thinking somewhere in the back of his mind that he should peel the rest of the Chitin material off before cranking the shower on, but he didn't do that, he let the torrent of water splash down his head and over the armor, sweat washing off his face, dirt and grime and alien blood washing off the suit as he leaned his back against the wall, the water stinging the Lazarus scars around his jawline like usual, but more acute even though they'd healed considerably at this point.

His legs soon lost their will to support his weight and he slid down, the water scalding, but not unwelcome, mostly brown by the time it was on the floor and running to the drain, at least until the armor had no more dirt to wash off.

It wasn't long before the door to his cabin opened. That shouldn't have happened, he was the only one with clearance to his quarters, and he certainly hadn't let anyone in.

“Commander?”

Joker. Tired as he was, Dylan could see what was going on here; either EDI had told Joker he needed help, or Joker was concerned and convinced EDI to let him in.

“Commander Shepard?” Not having the energy to be mad about it, not sure if he even should've been, Dylan just stayed silent as Joker explored his quarters long enough to see him hunched over against the un-blocked shower wall. “Jesus.”

Finally looking up when hobbled footsteps sounded off the bathroom floor and the water turned off, Dylan watched as Joker reached down, feeling like he wasn't seeing through his own eyes until Joker grabbed his arm. “C'mon, I can't pick you up on my own, you know.”

It took Dylan a few seconds to process that, but he finally pushed off the floor, walking slowly as Joker guided him back out, the water dripping off the Chitin material where the skin didn't soak it up to keep itself hydrated.

Joker wasted no time in peeling it off him, not an entirely hard process considering the material on his upper body was all one piece that opened down the middle of the front, right down through the muscles. The armor made a squishy sound when it unlocked and expanded to a greater size, allowing for Joker to slip it off of him. “That's really gross.”

Dylan didn't mind. It was good armor. For some reason, Collector technology or not, he felt attached to it. Like it was a combat buddy. He didn't disagree, though. “Yeah.”

The greaves, boots and trousers were more complicated; Joker yanked the covers back on the bed and nudged Dylan to sit down, dropping to his knees to get the buckles off one at a time. Getting all of the gear off left Joker staring up at his informal CO sitting on his bed, tiredly, in a pair of boxer-briefs, standard Cerberus issue like everything else they had now, just enough like Alliance stuff that it was a reminder of what they didn't have anymore. “C'mon, get some sleep.”

Practically being tucked in, Dylan tried to think of some reason to resist Joker lying him down, the effort enough to keep him from falling asleep when his head hit the pillow. “Joker...”

“Hush, Dill.”

Christ, no one had called him that since he'd asked his mother to stop it. “Joker...”

“No. Hush. Quiet. Sleep.” Joker grabbed onto his hand, holding tight. “You earned it. We won. You won. Get some sleep. Whatever else, there's time now. Us, the others, stopping the big robot cephalopods...think about it once you're not dead on your feet.”

Dylan didn't expect Joker to stay with him until he fell asleep, but he did.

It didn't take long, anyway.