Several hours later, the guys were tired, aching and dripping with sweat. Except for Richard, of course, who was strolling along ahead of them at a smug, easy pace. Despite the fact that summer hadn’t fully arrived yet and the spring breeze still carried a bite, the three of them had all stripped to the waist. Even Jason, who’d started out with such a spring in his step, was lagging a bit. They hadn’t even stopped very long for lunch. Their only consolation was that with every step their sacks got a tiny bit lighter.

Lister and Adam had fallen back slightly, leaving Jason to steam on ahead. “Let him get on with it,” Adam advised, “He’s only really happy when he’s making us feel crappy and unfit.” 

“Well, right now he’s not having to try very hard,” Lister grumbled; “I thought I’d got into shape since I started here, you know? But I feel like I’m going to die if we do this much longer!”

“Don’t even think about dying on me! If you peg it then Richard’ll probably make me carry your bloody sack ‘n all.”

“He probably would,” 

Lister wiped away the sweat dripping into his eyes and the sun glinted off the pendant round his throat. “You still wearing that thing?” Adam remarked, nodding to it. “Yeah,” Lister said, surprised, “Why wouldn’t I?”

“Well, it’s been a good while since Christmas. You could probably stop wearing it now without seeming impolite.”

“I like it,” Lister said, “Don’t you?”

“Oh, yeah, I mean don’t get me wrong. It’s nice and everything. I guess Rimmer’s just a bit more laid back than me.”

“What are you talking about, man? What’s this got to do with Rimmer?”

“Well,” Adam said, with unusual cautiousness, “I don’t think I’d like it if Susie was wearing something another guy had given her round her neck every day.” 

“What?!” Lister scoffed, “Come off it, man! It’s hardly the same thing!”

“Why not?”

“It’s not like it was a gift from an ex or something! It’s just a Christmas present from a mate! ”

“A gay mate.”

“So?”

“Think about it this way. If you were dating a woman and one of her male friends from work gave her a present like that – that she wore every day – how would you feel?”

“This isn’t like that. This is like...if a girlfriend gave it to her.”

“If you were both straight it might be; but you’re not.”

“That doesn’t make any difference! We’re still just friends, even if we are both gay.”

Adam shrugged in an ‘I’m not convinced’ way; “Maybe you’re right. Maybe I’m just the jealous type.”

“Rimmer would have said something if he didn’t like it, Ads. Trust me.”

“Okay.”

“I mean, he’s not the type to keep quiet when something’s bothering him, you know?”

“Right.”

“What are you two nattering about?” Jason asked, wandering back towards them. He’d obviously got bored of being on his own up ahead. “My necklace,” Lister said, telling only half the truth.

“It’s nice that you wear it so often,” Jason smiled, reaching over to touch it, “I’m glad you like it so much.”

“We were just saying how kind you were to give Dave such a thoughtful gift,” Adam joined in brightly, but there was a very slight edge to his voice that only Lister picked up on. “I mean a fruit basket or something is always nice; but a necklace...it’s so much more personal.” Lister shot him a discreet warning look out of the corner of his eye, but Jason didn’t seem to notice. He grinned playfully, “Yeah, I use it to control him whenever there’s a full moon.”

They laughed and Lister took the chance to very firmly change the subject. “You don’t fancy starting a mutiny, do you? Only my shoulders are killing me.”

“Tempting, isn’t it?” Jason agreed, “Just remember, we’re doing this for the good of the village.”

“Yeah, yeah, yeah,” Adam muttered, “That’s easy for you to say, Mr Muscle.”

“Did you know I’m up to two hundred sit ups a day now?” Jason replied sweetly. Lister could believe it. You could pick out every clearly defined muscle on Jason’s torso like a textbook drawing of male anatomy. “Urgh, you make me sick,” he heard Adam say bitterly. 

“Me and Dave just have a greater appreciation of the male form,” Jason said smugly, “Right, Dave?”

Lister looked up and saw Jason smiling at him, with a slight glint in his eye. “Er, yeah. Right,” he agreed, looking away; embarrassed to have been caught staring.

“You’ve lost weight too since you started working here. I said you would, remember? No qualms about stripping off now, eh?” He gave Lister an appreciative look up and down and grinned. Lister felt a blush threatening to flare up. He didn’t think he’d ever met anyone who could make him blush with as much regularity as Jason did. “Still trying to hide the scars though,” Jason gestured to where Lister had knotted his shirt strategically around his waist, “I told you - you should show them off. Work that whole macho thing.” 

He moved forward to slide the material away and expose them, but Lister, realising what he was going to do, dodged away sharply. Suddenly, they heard Richard shouting at them, “Enough slacking, lads! Get your asses into gear! Move it!”

“Slave driver,” Jason snorted, breaking the tension slightly.

“Let’s get on with it,” Adam agreed, “I want to get home before nightfall if possible.”

“Yeah,” Lister said quietly, “Let’s finish up and go home.”