                                        Silk Road
                                      By Lust 4 Life

Perces, a mercenary protecting the caravans traveling the ancient silk road is glad to 
finally arrive in a good sized town. He and a couple of his men head to a local strip club / 
brothel for an evening of fun. The next night they head to a cheap bar where Perces ends 
up with a low cost hooker in the back room. MF

Intro

Traveling the silk road is a hard life, but if you have a good position, and if you live, 
there are ample rewards. There are bandits and ambushes. It is not unusual to lose 60% of 
your troops on a long journey, and whole caravans occasionally vanish, never to be seen 
again. It takes tough and desperate men to serve as guards under these conditions, which 
means sometimes the most dangerous enemies are within your own troops. And the long, 
lonely travel between towns without decent entertainment can make many an otherwise 
normal man start looking at the camels in unnatural ways.

Perces was a caravan guard commander. His pay was good, and he got a (small) 
percentage of the profits. The current trip had been an especially difficult one. There had 
been several attacks by unusually strong groups of bandits and the guards had been hard 
put to defend the caravan, resulting in the loss of many good men. There had been more 
than the normal discipline problems as well  several guards had been staked as an 
example to the others. Two months travel across the wasteland from the last substantial 
town, with most of their provisions gone, they were finally approaching a good sized 
town. During the last 2 months of travel, the only female companionship available for the 
men was a single, well worn whore in a hamlet about 2 weeks travel back. Perces 
remembered the line at her door had been long  she had been busy well into the night. 
Rank does indeed have privileges Perces thought, recalling that long line.

They would spend several days here re-supplying, before continuing. The merchant in 
charge of the caravan found stables and storage for the gear. Perces detailed a guard 
schedule for his men, and gave those not on duty leave. His duties attended to, Perces and 
two of his lieutenants went looking to explore the entertainment offerings of the city.

They soon found a club catering to caravan travelers, a strip club where the booze and 
smoke were over-priced, but the girls were available for a price. The place was already 
busy when they entered, but the men found a table near the stage and ordered drinks and 
a hookah, from the scantily clad bar maids (who made a point of bending over to show 
their cleavage to one man while showing their barely covered asses to another). The girl 
on stage had just finished her act when their drinks arrived. After disappearing briefly 
backstage to put some skimpy clothes on, Perces noticed that one of the other patrons 
soon called her over and after sitting in his lap while they discussed terms, they headed 
into the back together. The room was heavy with the sweet smell of smoke from other 
hookahs, and a fiddler and piper played an eerie and exotic melody in the background.

One by one, several more girls danced. Since most of them were local girls, and this was 
foreign country for Perces, they had an exotic look about them that he found alluring. 
They all seemed to dance well, whether they started with a skimpy outfit or a long 
flowing outfit. They all managed to be sensual, and once their clothes were off, they were 
blatantly sexual. But it was the eyes, there was something about their eyes. There was a 
smoldering look about them, not just come fuck me, but come fuck me, I am sex 
incarnate, the most earthy, sexual woman you will ever meet, or at least so it seemed to 
Perces. One by one the girls would dance, shedding their clothes, until naked they would 
spread their legs wide for the men, running their fingers along their slits, or briefly 
pressing their breasts to a mans face. Then, like the first girl, they would disappear 
backstage to dress in a skimpy outfit which left enough uncovered to be excruciatingly 
tantalizing, but covered just enough to increase ones interest, by the suggestion of things 
unseen. After dressing, they would circulate among the men, looking for customers. 
Several of the women approached Perces and his men, explaining that there were private 
rooms in the back with mattresses where they could provide further entertainment. And 
the women left little doubt about the entertainment, whether sitting in the mens laps 
squirming their asses, or blatantly dropping their hands into the mens laps, massaging 
their crotches. While the men enjoyed the attention and let their hands wander freely over 
the women, for a while they declined the invitations, preferring to continue watching the 
show and getting more worked up.

Perces was enjoying himself. They were on their second round of drinks, the hookah had 
passed around the table several times. The women were turning him on and he was 
looking forward to picking one (or more) of them for fun later. He felt a growing tension 
in his crotch, and felt himself starting to get hard as the women propositioned them. One 
particularly full breasted woman caught the eye of one of his lieutenants and once she 
had dressed he beckoned her over. She sat in his lap, pressing her full breasts to his face 
and letting his hands wander freely over her body as she told him how handsome he was 
and how much shed like to take him in the back and fuck him. After a brief negotiation 
on price, she stood and taking him by the hand, led him toward the back.

Perces looked at his remaining companion and grinned. His cock throbbed pleasantly at 
the thought of his lieutenant sinking his shaft into his woman and fucking her. Meanwhile 
another woman danced, slowly shedding her clothes. She put on a good show, but was 
not what Perces was looking for. The next woman who, appeared in a long flowing gauzy 
outfit, immediately caught Perces attention. Her dark hair framed a beautiful face with 
full lips and smoldering, sensual dark eyes. She moved lithely as she danced, undulating 
her hips and slowly dropping the veils of her outfit, revealing her body bit by bit. First 
her long, well toned and shapely legs flashed between slits in her robes, and her arms 
snaked freely. Then her side, back, and bare midriff appeared. Soon the long robes 
disappeared completely leaving just a skimpy top and bottom. As she continued to 
undulate, Perces was mesmerized, first by her belly button rolling with her gyrations, 
then by her firm ass. Perces could tell she noticed his rapt attention by the sultry looks 
she gave him as she danced. Soon she danced over to their table and standing close to 
Perces, reached down and unhooked her top letting it fall away as her full breasts sprang 
into view. Leaning forward she pressed her chest into Perces face for a second before 
moving on. The feel of her soft, warm, and full breasts lingered with Perces as she 
continued to dance. After teasing several other men with her breasts, she began to tease 
the men with her last piece of clothing, lowering it enough to show some pubic hair, or 
thrusting her barely clad crotch out. Now she lowered her panties, letting them fall to the 
floor and leaving her naked, fully exposed to the lusting eyes of the men. The sight of her 
dark patch of hair covering her pussy was electrifying for Perces. He found her soft 
curves, unimpeded by clothing to be exceptionally stimulating and felt his cock swelling 
at the sight. As she thrust her pelvis out, exposing her lips, Perces could see moisture 
glistening on her lips  she wasnt just doing a job, she was enjoying turning on the men 
and was herself excited by her act! His hand dropped absentmindedly to his crotch and 
rubbed his swelling cock causing it to throb some more. The woman looked at him and 
licked her lips while lowering her eyelids in a sensual look. One of her hands dropped to 
her crotch and gently ran along the slit. God I want to fuck that woman thought Perces, 
She is so hot!

As the woman finished her act and began to pick-up her discarded garments, Perces 
companion ask, See something you liked there? Definitely he answered. Soon the 
woman reappeared in just her skimpy top and bottom. She quickly caught Perces eye 
and he beckoned her over. She walked sensually over, and sat in Perces lap. He could 
feel her heat in his crotch, and his swollen penis pressed up against her  there was no 
doubt that she get feel his arousal, especially when he flexed his hips upward a bit to 
press against her a bit more. She looked him in the eyes with a smoldering look as she ran 
a finger down his chest, Hi good looking. My name is Zorintha. I like the way you were 
looking at me out there  it turns me on. As she said this she ground her ass into his 
crotch. Mm, I can see I turn you on as much as you turn me on she said in her sultry 
voice. Perces had initially rested his hands on her bare legs. Now he let them slide up her 
body to her lightly covered breasts, enjoying the feel of her soft smooth skin under his 
hands. Would you like to come in the back with me? We have some mattresses back 
there and I think we could make each other very happy.

After a brief discussion of price, Zorintha stood and led Perces toward a door in the back. 
A man standing there collected the agreed amount from Perces and they passed through 
into a hallway. Walking down a hall with curtain covered doors, Perces could hear 
coming from several rooms, the sounds of sex: moans and gasps, and the slapping of 
bodies driving together. Zorintha led him through a door into a room dimly lit by a candle 
on one wall and a mattress on the floor.

Perces watched mesmerized as Zorintha shed first her top, then her panties, to stand 
naked before him. She undulated her hips, Do you like? Do you want me? she asked, 
looking at him with those eyes of hers, her hair framing her face and falling down her 
back. He was mesmerized by her body, her soft curves, full breasts, dark triangle, and 
sultry looks. She stepped up to him and helped him remove his tunic. He could feel his 
cock stir at the sight of this luscious woman, at her gentle touch. He reached out and felt 
her soft breasts, massaging them with his hands, bringing a moan from her. Oh is this 
going to be good! he thought. I am going to bury myself in this woman, feel her body 
wrapped around mine, her breasts pressing against me as I fuck her, as I thrust my cock 
in her. She is offering me a shot at her womb and I am going to shoot my load in her. 
Now he felt her hands sliding down, grabbing his cock, squeezing it, making it swell and 
harden. Then she was running her fingers over his balls, cupping them, making him sigh 
in pleasure. Oh I want you. I want the big hard cock of yours inside me. Fuck me 
please! she said, laying down on the mattress, spreading her legs and rubbing her pussy 
lewdly in wanton invitation.

Perces needed no additional urging. The sight of this soft, sensual woman with her legs 
spread wide to receive him was the most beautiful sight he had seen in a long time. His 
cock was straining out, sticking up, and throbbing in anticipation. Looking down he 
noticed a bead of pre-cum already oozing from his slit. Sinking down on the mattress on 
his knees he crawled between her legs, then leaning forward he brought the head of his 
penis to her moist slit and ran it up and down, moistening himself with her juices and 
spreading her lips for the mating that was about to happen. She wiggled her hips at him, 
urging him to hurry and slide inside her to begin their fuck.

Leaning forward he began to press the head of his penis into Zorinthas pussy. She was 
moist and he slid in easily about half way. Then pulling out a bit, he pushed in again until 
he felt his pubic bone grind against her. The both moaned as he held himself inside her, 
grinding against her. He flexed inside her and wiggled his hips, trying to get even deeper. 
Then he felt her clench her pussy around his cock. Now he let his hands wander to her 
breasts and start kneading them, causing her to moan some more. Perces thought to 
himself, I wonder where in her cycle she is? I wonder if I have a chance of making her 
pregnant tonight when I shoot my cum into her pussy? Almost as if reading his mind, 
Zorintha looked at him with hooded eyes and asked, Are you going to just lay there? Or 
are you going to fuck me? Im horny  I want to feel your cock fucking me. She reached 
around and ran her fingers over his balls. Oh, Ill bet youre full of cum. Ill bet youre 
gonna shoot a big load into me. Come on, I want to feel you emptying your balls in my 
pussy.

With that Perces began a slow thrusting motion, fucking this incredible sex goddess. He 
concentrated on the feel of her pussy wrapped around his cock, her breasts pushing up 
against his chest, his balls slapping her ass on each in stroke. And he thought about how 
soon he was going to be filling her with his semen, how she was offering her womb to 
him for a chance to impregnate her. Then she was pulling his head down, kissing him 
passionately, slipping her tongue into his mouth, enveloping all of his senses with her 
presence. He was thrusting harder now, a strong rhythm that could have only one result. 
Zorintha was moaning loudly now too, thrusting her hips up against him. Oh, oh! she 
moaned, Faster, give it to me good, Im gonna cum, oh fuck me hard! Perces was 
happy to oblige and increased his speed. He could feel he was getting near the end. He 
wanted this to go on forever, but he knew it couldnt. Suddenly Zorintha gave a little cry, 
and her body convulsed as she started to come. Oh yes! Do it, fuck me, Aie-e-e she 
cried as her body thrashed beneath him in ecstasy.

Perces was now fucking with complete abandon. He knew he was near the edge and he 
had given up holding back, he was ready to just go full tilt until he erupted inside her. She 
sensed that he was getting close and whispered, Yes, lover, come on, let it go. Im ready 
for you. Fill me up! Empty your balls in me! I want to feel your cum inside me!

Now Perces felt himself getting harder. He was so hard, his cock was swelling and 
stretched so much that it would have hurt if not for the soothing caress of Zorinthas 
pussy on his penis. Now he felt the familiar sensation of his sperm loading at the base of 
his cock and knew that in just a few more strokes he would start pumping his seed into 
this womans womb. As he fucked, he felt the tension building, he was pulling her to him 
with his arms, he was trying to hold out and prolong the pleasure for just another few 
strokes as he felt himself swelling, swelling, getting ready, and suddenly his cock gave a 
massive convulsion, blasting his first jet of cum into his woman. It felt like an incredibly 
pleasurable zip shooting the length of his penis as that massive first pulse shot through 
him and into her waiting pussy. Giving himself up to the sensations, he jammed himself 
into her as hard as he could, pulling her to him with his arms, and felt his cock begin a 
steady pulsing as he pumped his sperm into her waiting womb. Ah yes, give it to me! 
Let it go! Give it all to me baby! she moaned in his ear as he continued to come in her. 
Then he felt her fingers on his balls again, urging him to keep pumping until the last drop 
was in her. Finally his pulsing slowed and stopped. He rested inside her. Occasionally his 
cock would throb another time, trying to push just a bit more of his seed into her hungry 
pussy.

Finally his cock softened and he pulled out. Mm, you were good honey she whispered, 
I hope you come back and see me again. With that, he pulled on his tunic and blowing 
her a kiss started to make his way back to the front. He knew he would be thinking of her 
many nights on the long journey still ahead of him.


The next day Perces attended his duties with the caravan and explored the city more 
thoroughly. That night he again headed out with one of his lieutenant, but this time they 
headed for a cheaper section of town, looking for a bar where the booze was cheap.

They soon found a suitable looking place and entered the dimly lit, noisy bar. The place 
was fairly full, but not packed and they took a table off to the side. A harried barmaid 
soon brought them two tall tankards of ale. They sat drinking, discussing some of their 
recent adventures, the road ahead, which of their soldiers seemed dependable and which 
bore keeping a closer eye on. They also watched the other patrons, most apparently local, 
but a few evidently from other caravans. They were on their second tankard when Perces 
noticed a scantily clad woman moving from table to table, obviously soliciting business. 
Perces had not come here looking for a woman, but she was still attractive and he knew 
there was a long lonely road still ahead of them. Well, maybe if the price was right, he 
thought.

They continued their conversation while Perces kept half an eye on the womans 
progress. She didnt seem to be getting any takers this evening and soon came to their 
table. She was wearing a small top which did little to cover her breasts, and nothing when 
she leaned over  it gaped open giving an unobstructed view of her nipples. She was 
wearing a short skirt which showed off long legs. Hiya sweeties! You good looking 
guys from out of town? At their assent she continued, Oh, I like foreigners! They are so 
exotic. Thinking about you brave guys on the road with all those dangers and no women 
to keep you company gets me hot! With that she spread her legs revealing that she had 
nothing on under her skirt. Her hand dropped down and slowly massaged her pussy while 
she watched the men in wanton invitation. Ive got an itch right here and I bet you could 
scratch it for me. Perces asked the price and after a little haggling got her down to a 
fairly cheap price. He handed her a few coins and looking to his friend with a grin said, 
Ill be back.

The woman led him to the back of the bar, to a little room with a mattress on the floor, 
screened off by a hanging curtain. They quickly shed their clothes and Perces drew her to 
him, feeling her soft warm body pressed against his, her breasts against his chest, her 
pussy grinding against his swelling cock. He ran his hands over her body, grabbing her 
ass, pulling her against him, then up and over her breasts. Her hands were running over 
his body, down his back, over his ass, and then stroking his cock and holding his balls. 
Perces knew this was not going to be like last night. Last night was sensuous, erotic, a 
complete atmosphere of sensuality and sexuality. In contrast, this was going to be pure 
animal sex, the simple mating of male and female. He was going to mount her and fuck 
her, taking his pleasure from her body, and emptying his seed in her.

By now his cock was straining in her hand, he was enjoying the pleasant sensation of his 
cock stretching in erection. The smell of an aroused woman, the feel of her soft flesh 
under his hands, the feel of her hand on his penis turned him on further, driving his 
passion to make him want to mate, to sink his shaft in her and feel his semen pouring into 
her receptive cunt. Alright he croaked, Im ready, lets do it he gasped. She quickly 
lay back, spreading her legs wide in lewd invitation, the female, ready to be mounted by a 
male, offering her fertile womb to him for the ancient game of sperm roulette.

Perces knelt between her legs, his cock straining out in eager anticipation. He looked 
down, admiring her body offered up to him, and wondered if he would be the man who 
made her pregnant when his sperm filled her womb. Then he was running the head of his 
penis up and down her slit as she guided him between her lips, and let it slide into her. He 
felt himself sliding deeper and deeper into her until he was buried to the hilt, his balls 
pressed against her ass. She was already wet, ready for him, and her warm soft tunnel 
caressed his burning cock. Driven by his need, he started the thrust into her. Soon he 
heard the familiar slurping noise of a cock driving into a wet pussy, the slapping of their 
bellies as they met on each stroke. He moaned, and heard her moaning in return. There 
could be no mistake for those seated just on the other side of the thin curtain what was 
going on in here. He continued to thrust with his urgent need. He could picture his cock 
sliding up into her wet tunnel, his slit aligning with her cervix. He wondered if she were 
ready to be impregnated by his seed. The thought made him drive harder into her. He 
reached under and grabbed her ass, pulling her up tight against him on each in stroke. He 
could feel her thrusting up against him. She began gasping, Oh, yes, keep going, oh you 
feel so good, youre gonna make me come  Now, do it, fuck me hard, Ah Ah Ah-h-h-
h and she began writhing under him, her hips jerking frantically as her orgasm washed 
over her.

Knowing that he had just made her cum pushed Perces on to even greater effort. He was 
fucking with but one thought, to spew his cum inside this woman, to fill her receptive 
pussy with his hot, white, seed. Now he could feel he was getting close, he could feel his 
sperm gathering at the base of his cock, his cock starting to swell for his final strokes. 
The woman could sense his impending ejaculation as well and urged him on, Yes, come 
on lover. Come for me, shoot your load in me, I want to feel you spurting inside me. 
Suddenly Perces cock jerked, he felt the first burst of cream, like a liquid bullet, fly 
through his penis. Ah he gasped and the woman wrapped her legs around him, pulling 
him deeply into her. He felt his penis begin throbbing, pulsing, as he poured burst after 
burst of his semen into her. He was moaning in pleasure, Ah, ah, oh-h, unh as his body 
completed it role in the mating game, emptying the contents of his balls into his woman.

Finally, his throbbing slowed. The woman relaxed her grip on him, and looking up at him 
coyly, asked, Did you like? It felt like you came buckets.

