Incest Was Best
By Perry Jones


Introduction:  This is the final chapter in a continuing serial story.  Please read previous chapters for continuity.


	
Chapter Ten

	A few days later, the entire Walker Family sat talking excitedly in the living room: Kathy and Tony; their parents, Jerry and Peggy, who had just returned home from her trip; and Uncle Dan and Aunt June.

	They had been talking for a couple of hours now while sipping strong drinks, which the adults had decided would be ail right for the "children" to have, too, on this special occasion.

	Jerry was the one who had called the meeting.

	He and Kathy had told everyone about their wild fuck session. After that, everyone had begun talking at once, describing their own lewd fucking with each other.

	Pretty soon, everyone there was horny and they began to look at each other with new eyes, eyes filled with desire. Soon, they were shedding their clothes and fondling each other, exchanging passionate kisses and moans of desire.

	The drinks flowed and soon they had decided to pair off, three couples who would fuck and suck to their heart's content. They figured that they would like privacy for their fuck session, but just knowing that the other couples were fucking each other, in the same house, would serve as a giant turn-on.

	"Well, come on, everybody, what are we waiting for?" Kathy squealed, jumping up from the couch, where she had been sitting in her father's arms.

	Jerry laughed and patted his little girl's ass, looking forward to fucking her. "Looks like we've got a hot one here, folks. But Kathy's right. Time's a wastin'. Let's fuck!"

	They all laughed and stood up, a few of them feeling slightly dizzy and light-headed from the effects of the alcohol. As prearranged, Kathy and her father went into his bedroom; Aunt June and Tony paired off, going into the young boy's bedroom; and. Uncle Dan and Kathy's mother, Peggy* stayed in the living room.

	Dan waited until the others had left the room. Then, turning to his sister-in-law, he murmured, "You know, Peggy, this is something I've been wanting to do for a long time."

	"Me too, Dan," Peggy murmured as she slid her hand down her flat belly and slipped a finger between her slick pussy lips. She leaned back against the couch and opened her legs wide, enjoying the look of raw lust she saw on Dan's face as he watched her finger-fucking herself.

	Looking him right in the eye, she slid her finger in and out of her tightly grasping cunt, cunt-juice soaking her hand as she finger-fucked herself faster and harder.

	"Jesus!" Dan exclaimed. His eyes were riveted to Peggy's slim finger fucking in and out of her smooth, tight pussy-hole. He leaned back against the couch, just as she had Done and began to jack his hardening cock.

	"Mmmmmmm, your cock looks good, Dan," Peggy whispered, staring at his throbbing prick. "Feel my pussy, Dan. It needs your manly touch." She took her hand away from her cunt.

	Dan moaned and, reaching out, he brushed his hand lightly across her soft, downy pussy fur. Then, groaning loudly, he jammed his finger between her swollen cunt lips and rubbed her twitching clit.

	Peggy groaned, jumping as though in shock. "Oh, that's it, Dan! That's great!"

	Peggy was being driven mad with lust as she felt Dan's rough finger moving back and forth over her flaming hot clit. She looked down and spread her legs wider. She could see Dan's finger fucking slowly in and out of her tight pussy-hole. She felt like screaming for joy!

	Dan licked his lips as he continued to finger-fuck his beautiful, sexy sister-in-law. His big cock jerked hotly, throbbing painfully. He could feel Peggy's tight pussy walls gripping his finger as though it were a miniature cock, sucking his finger right up into her hot cunt.

	"That feels so good, Dan," she moaned. "Dont stop, honey, Dont stop! Do it harder! I want it!"

	Peggy's hands cupped Dan's jerking cock and began to rub its full length, delighting in the feel of the hot, throbbing cock-flesh in her hands.

	"Oh, God!" Dan moaned with pleasure as he felt Peggy's hands close around his stiffening prick-rod. Sweat broke out on his forehead and he increased the tempo of his finger-fucking.

	He could feel every finger of Peggy's hands clasped around his rigid prick. She pumped up and down, slowly, temptingly. She flexed her fingers, gripping his cock-shaft harder and harder, pressing her thumb expertly into his cum-slit.

	Dan watched in fascination as Peggy spread his pre-cum all over the wide head of his twitching prick. He knew she was getting his cock ready to fuck into her cunt and his breath quickened at the obscene sight.

	He glanced at her face and saw that it was flushed and sweating, just like his own. Wow! he thought. She was really turned on! Her mouth was open and saliva drooled down her chin.

	Suddenly, Peggy pulled his hand from her cunt and, bending over, she sucked his huge cock right into her mouth.

	"Oh, shit!" he yelled as he felt her hot tongue licking the sensitive underside of his stiff cock. Her hands cupped his aching balls. She was giving him a great blow-job!

	"Mmmmmfff," she muttered lewdly as she sucked his cock as hard as she could. She slid her hand underneath his ass and plunged two fingers between his ass-cheeks, finding his asshole the first time.

	Dan jumped. Holy shit! Now the horny woman was reaming out his asshole! He was getting harder and hotter as her lips continued to move over his throbbing cock and her ringers reamed out his asshole.

	Suddenly, Dan's balls tightened painfully and he knew he was about to pop. Peggy must have known it, too, skilled as she was at sucking cock. She quickly pulled her mouth off his jerking prick and smiled up at him, his pre-cum glistening on her mouth.

	"Come on, Dan, let's fuck!" Peggy cried, pulling him off the couch by the hand. She pushed him back onto the floor and quickly straddled him.

	Her hands held his throbbing cock-head as she eased herself down over it* spearing his prick up into her amazingly tight pussy-hole. With a long, soft sigh* she settled all the way down onto his cock.

	Dan clenched his teeth, feeling his cock twitching inside Peggy's clasping cunthole. He couldn't believe how tight her pussy was. It was as though she had never been fucked before! And the way she was taking charge, fucking him, turned him on more than he would have thought possible.

	Peggy glanced down and saw that his entire shaft of cock-meat was stuffed up her pussy-hole. She threw her head back and groaned with the sheer pleasure of fucking her brother-in-law. She had been wanting to fuck him for so long!

	Peggy grabbed Dan's shoulders, hanging on as she pumped her lush firm body up and down over his cock, riding his hard prick as though riding a bucking bronco. Her nails dug painfully into his flesh and she shuddered with lust as her tight cunt fucked on his cock-in and out, in and out.

	She pulled herself up, holding her pussy open with just the bare tip of his pulsing cock. Then she sat down hard, grinding her throbbing clit against the base of his hard cock.

	"Oh, God, honey, that feels so great! You sure know how to fuck a cock!" Dan murmured as he reached up and fondled her big heaving tits. Her nipples were large and hard and he felt them harden even more against his hot touch.

	"Mmmmmm, it's easy with a beautiful big cock like yours! Ohhhhhh, shit, I'm commmiiinnnggg!" she suddenly screamed, throwing her head back and closing her eyes as a gigantic orgasm tore through her pussy, sending torrents of hot cunt-cream pouring from her cunt and soaking Dan's prick.

	Peggy's orgasmic cries took Dan over the edge and he came, too.

	"Commmiiinnnggggg!" he cried as several thick loads of hot cum spurted from his prick and splashed into the spasming cunt that still gyrated on his cock.

	Aunt June lay on her back on her nephew's bed while Tony kissed her passionately, over and over, his hot tongue stabbing into hers as his hard hands roamed over her large tits, making her moan with desire for his young hot body.

	He buried his face between her gigantic tits. His tongue licked up and down the deep canyon between her mountainous tits and she held his head tightly against her, not wanting him to stop. Her pussy was lewdly drooling and she couldn't wait to feel his big cock up her cunt-or anywhere else he wanted to fuck her.

	"Mmm, you taste good, Aunt June," Tony murmured as he sucked one of her large rigid nipples into his mouth. His tongue flicked out and he grazed her nipple with the edges of his sharp teeth, making her moan with even more fuck-lust.

	"Let me suck your cock, Tony!" June cried, unable to wait any longer. She had to taste her nephew's prick or she would go mad!

	"Sure thing, Aunt June," Tony smiled as he flopped back on the bed and watched her go to work between his crotch, as she had Done so many times before.

	The bulbous head of her nephew's nine-inch prick slipped past her wet lips and she moaned, closing her eyes tightly. This was one of her very favorite things in the whole world: sucking off her teenaged nephew.

	"Suck me good, Aunt June! Suck my cock! Give me the best blow-job of my life!" Tony ordered, humping his cock up toward her face.

	She sucked his prick, feeling her cunt itching and burning with the need to come. Her tongue worked savagely against his aroused cock flesh. She stroked and teased and stuck the pink tip of her tongue into his cum-slit, making him writhe with pleasure.

	He began to fuck in and out of her mouth. His fingers laced through the thick, soft hair at the back of her head in an attempt to shove more of her mouth over his prick.

	Aunt June tensed her jaws enough to use her teeth on the sides of his cock as it came fucking into her mouth. Tony moaned loudly as his aunt left ragged red welts on his cock, turning him on more than ever. June laughed throatily arid eased his pain with her lips and soothing wet tongue. She felt even more hot blood rush into his cock as it stiffened and throbbed hotly.

	"Ohhhhh, Aunt June! I love the way you suck cock! Suck meeeee!" he groaned, bucking his hips off the bed, fucking her face with his huge hard prick.

	Her tongue whirled around and found the small ridge of skin under his cock-knob. She teased it with her tongue until he was practically screaming with pleasure and lust.

	Aunt June reached down and began to play with the hairy sac of her nephew's balls. Her fingers fluttered over the hairy surface. She could feel his balls churning and tumbling as his hot jism boiled, getting ready to burst from his cock.

	"Oh, baby, I love fucking your face! You suck cock sooooooooo good!" Tony shouted, feeling that he was about to come.

	His hips began levering in and out against his aunt's sweet, cock-sucking face. She could feel the heavy shaft of his thick, hard, nine-inch cock against her lips. The friction turned her on even more and she felt more hot cunt-cream oozing from her cunthole.

	His cock began to swell as more and more hot blood surged into his cock-rod.

	"Suck it, Aunt June! Suck my cock, damn you! Suck harder, you lousy bitch!" Tony yelled, knowing from past fuck sessions with his beautiful aunt that she loved it when he talked to her like that.

	"Mmmmmmfffff!" she moaned, wriggling her ass in the air as she sucked even harder, her cheeks hollow with the suction she was creating. His prick fucked harder in the wet suction of her mouth and he arched his back and thrust his cock powerfully into her mouth.

	June moaned again. She loved sucking her nephew's cock and she wanted to suck his prick forever. But she always wanted to make him come soon because she longed to taste his sweet hot jizz.

	She sucked for all she was worth and was finally rewarded by a huge blast of jism which arched up and shot against her tonsils. She pressed her tongue firmly against the fountaining slit at the end of the young boy's prick and tasted his salty, tangy cum. June became so excited she began to come. She moaned and continued to suck her nephew's cock as her shuddering climax shot through her pussy, making her mouth move harder and faster over Tony's prick.

	She sucked and sucked and sucked and soon drained the boy's balls of every drop of his precious cum. When his prick finally went limp, she looked up, licked her lips with a slow sensual movement and asked teasingly: "Want to return the favor, dear?"

	"God, yes, Aunt June!" he cried as he pushed her back onto the bed and knelt between her legs, He had always loved to suck pussy and his aunt had one of the juiciest, sweetest-tasting cunts around!

	He buried his face between his aunt's sleek thighs and stabbed his tongue between her puffy cunt lips. He moaned with pleasure as he tasted her tangy fuck-sauce. He loved that hot pussy taste!

	He licked and lapped along her cunt slit, his eager tongue quickly finding her small throbbing clit. He closed his lips around the miniature cock and sucked for all he was worth.

	June came. Her firm thighs clamped down firmly on either side of her nephew's head, holding his head as if it had been shoved into a vise.

	"Ummmmm, oh, God, ohhhhh, Tonyyyyy!" June screamed. "Sooooooo good! I never felt anything so good!"

	Tony moved his tongue from her twitching clit to her small tight cunthole. Then he began to tongue-fuck the tiny fuck-hole with all his energy and power.

	June was going mad with lust for her nephew's cunt-fucking tongue. She writhed and twisted on the bed, clawing at the sheets and moaning like a wounded animal. Tony licked and sucked and tongue-fucked until his jaws ached from the effort. And still, he continued to fuck his tongue into the hot tasty depths of his aunt's fur-rimmed pussy.

	"Yesssssss, Tony! Tongue-fuck me! Eat my pussy! Eat meeeeeee!" she screamed, mashing her nephew's head hard against her pussy, trying to capture even more of his hot, hard, thrusting tongue.

	June trembled and shook like a bitch in heat. She couldn't believe how aroused she was. No one had ever been able to turn her on the way her nephew did. A hot flush rose on her tits and neck. She panted harshly and broke out in a hot sweat. As though she hadn't already had several orgasms, the sexual tension grew in her belly and loins until she could hardly stand it. She needed to come-again!

	Tony moved his tongue back and forth from her throbbing jerking clit to her small tight fuckhole. Every time he stabbed his tongue into her fuckhole, she grabbed it with her strong cunt muscles, milking and squeezing it for all she was worth. Then she released her cunt muscles, allowing him to slide his substitute cock out again. Finally, as he tongue-fucked his aunt harder and faster, she came again.

	"Aieeeeeee!" she screamed as if in the midst of a fit.

	Tony suddenly jerked her legs up high in the air and shoved his tongue out hard against her tight asshole as she continued to come.

	"Oh, God, yessss, Tony! Tongue-fuck my asshole! I love it! I love it!" Her depraved cries filled the room as she came again.

	"Listen to Aunt June and Tony!" Kathy giggled, cuddling in her father's arms. They had just finished fucking and now they were resting before starting another wild fuck session.

	"Yeah," Jerry laughed. "Sounds like they're really getting it on! Know what I'd like to do next, baby?"

	"What, Daddy?" she asked, running her hands lightly over her father's semi-hard cock.

	"Ass-fuck you!" he said.

	"Okay!" she squealed and she quickly got up on her hands and knees, wriggling her ass in invitation. "Let's do it, Daddy! Fuck my ass!"

	Jerry shook his head. What a hot, horny little girl he had raised. He moved in behind her and gripped her naked ass-cheeks in his large meaty hands, pulling her ass-globes wide apart.

	One look at her puckering asshole was all he needed to bring his prick to an instant hard-on. All ten inches of his cock throbbed impatiently.

	Kathy moaned as she felt his prick diving down into the canyon between her ass-cheeks. And then the head of his cock banged hard against her tightly puckered pink ring of ass muscle.

	"Mmmmmm, Daddy! Go on! Dont be afraid! Fuck me! Fuck my ass!"

	She trembled as the blunt head of her father's cock poked harder into her tight asshole. Jerry gripped her ass-cheeks and shoved his cock as hard as he could, fucking several inches of cock into her tight asshole.

	"Arghhhhhhh, goooooooood!" Kathy yelled as she felt his long thick prick pressing into her tight clutching ass walls which immediately grabbed his cock, trying to milk it of its load of cum.

	"Ooooooh, fuck me good, Daddy! I need a good ass-fucking!" the young girl cried as she thrust her ass back to meet her father's fucking cock.

	Jerry began fucking his daughter in the ass with slow, deliberate fuck-strokes that made her moan and scream with fuck-lust. He pulled back until only the thick, bulbous head of his massive prick remained in her asshole; then he started fucking forward. She felt the heat from his body and the powerful battering ram of a cock that fucked into her shitter.

	"Shove your whole cock in, Daddy! I want to feel it all!" she moaned.

	"Okay, baby, you asked for it!"

	Jerry pulled back then lunged forward with all his might, fucking all ten inches of his throbbing cock-lance into the young girl's quivering hot asshole.

	As he began to grind his cock into her ass, she came. Ripples of ecstasy tore through her pussy as her orgasm peaked. And, all the time she was coming, her father continued to fuck his hard pulsing prick into her ass, over and over again.

	"Oooooooh, Daddy, sooooooooo good!" she yelled, fucking her ass back as hard as she could, crushing her ass-cheeks hard against her father's hairy crotch and balls.

	Kathy could feel his balls wetly slapping against her cunt lips. And she came again.

	"Aieeeeeeeee!" she shrieked, sobbing with pleasure as her climax swept over her. Tears ran down her lovely face as her father continued to fuck his hard, driving cock-meat into her clenching asshole.

	She began to roll her ass in bigger circles to feel his cock even more inside her ass-guts. She had to have more prick. Jerry fucked her ass wildly, half out of his mind with fuck-lust. He needed to come. He wanted to fill his little girl's asshole with his hot, thick cum. Until then, he could never be satisfied. Never!

	His prick swelled even more in the tight grasp of her small asshole. She clamped down savagely on his fast-fucking cock, trying to make him come. She longed to feel his jism drowning her asshole!

	Finally, a hot rush of thick, creamy jism filled her asshole and she came again along with her father. More and more thick cum swamped her asshole as he continued to fuck and come.

	"Arghhhh, commmiiinnngggg!" he shouted as even more cum shot from his piss-hole and splashed wetly into his daughter's asshole, increasing the intensity of her own orgasm.

	Finally, their orgasms ended and he pulled his softening prick from her sopping ass, collapsing weakly on the bed next to his daughter.

	After a few moments of silence, Jerry raised his head and looked between his legs, groaning as he saw that his cock was growing hard once again. My God, he thought, will my prick never be satisfied? And he knew it never would, not as long as his daughter's naked body was pressed hotly against his, murmuring sweet obscenities in his ear as she was doing now.

	"Okay, baby, how about giving your daddy a nice tit-fuck?"

	"Okay, Daddy!" Kathy laughed with pleasure as she lay on her back and closed her eyes, smiling happily as she waited for her father to climb up on top of her.

	Only seconds later, Kathy was gazing down and looking at her daddy's huge hard cock twitching between her huge mounds of tit flesh. She scooped her tits up in her hands and sandwiched her father's cock between them.

	"Right, honey. Now rub my prick. Give your daddy a good tit-fuck!" Jerry said, smiling down at his daughter.

	"Yes, Daddy. Whatever you say, Daddy," Kathy whispered obediently and they both laughed at her "good little girl" act.

	Slowly, just the way she knew he liked it, Kathy began to fuck her father's cock between her huge tits. She rubbed her tits against his prick, which jerked between her tits. The friction caused his aching cock to grow harder and bigger.

	"You got it, honey! Go faster now!" Jerry groaned as he wriggled his ass with lust.

	Kathy tit-fucked his cock faster and faster and she felt her cunt growing hot again as it poured out pussy-cream which trickled wetly between her legs.

	As she tit-fucked her father, he reached down and pinched her nipples as hard as he could, knowing that the pain would only turn on the young girl even more. He was right. She moaned with pain and pleasure and began to tit-fuck him even more frenziedly.

	He fucked back and forth on top of his sexy little girl as his orgasm built. He loved the feel of his kid's tits on either side of his cock, rubbing hard and fast. And he loved looking down and seeing those big, hard, engorged nipples, throbbing with hot desire.

	"I'm gonna come, honey," Jerry suddenly cried.

	"Oooooh, Daddy, let me swallow your cum! Please!"

	He laughed. "Okay, little cunt. Open your mouth."

	She opened her mouth wide and waited impatiently for her father to shoot his load. She loved the taste of her daddy's hot white jizz, more than anything else in the world. She tit-fucked faster and harder, urging him to come.

	Finally, Jerry couldn't hold back his cum any longer. Groaning, he shot a huge hot load of cum straight out his cum-slit and into his little girl's waiting mouth. She swallowed his cum quickly, moaning with pleasure as her cunt exploded with a massive orgasm, sending streams of hot cunt-juice pouring out of her fuckhole.

	Kathy was unable to swallow all of her father's cum. His cum burbled from her lips and splashed down onto her tits as she continued to come. Kathy grinned and licked the last of her daddy's cum from her lips.

	"You look awfully happy, Kathy," Jerry said, kissing her large tits affectionately.

	"Ohhhh, yesss, Daddy, I'm the happiest girl in the world!"

	And she was.

	End



