Master's Little Pet: Bea Gets Shared by Chris Hailey, Copyright 2017

Story codes: Mg11, oral, bondage, reluctant

Summary: The fourth part of Bea's story; an eleven-year-old girl hooks up in real life with her online Master. This time he takes her over to a friend's house.

==============

Disclaimer
If it is not legal for you to access this story, you must leave immediately.

This story is fictional and is considered by the author to be a work of art. While the story may contain scenes that some readers might consider prurient, these scenes are intended to advance the author's artistic goals. All characters and events are fictional and all reader comments are understood to be fictional and fantasy.

This story contains written fictional fantasy material that may be objectionable to some readers and may be illegal in some jurisdictions. This may include, but is not limited to: 1) Written fantasy depictions of minors engaged in sexual activity, including sexual activity with adults; 2) Written fantasy depictions of incest; 3) Occasionally, written fantasy depictions of rape and abusive behavior. If you find any of these subjects objectionable, or if they have been determined to be or may be determined to be obscene or otherwise illegal in your jurisdiction, you must leave immediately.

This story is intended for adult readers only. If you are not of legal age to read erotica in your jurisdiction, you must leave immediately.

Thank you,
~CH

===============

Warning: Please note that this story carries the "reluctant" tag. I might have included the "rape" tag, as I did for part three, although I don't think it applies quite as well here. Some readers will probably disagree. At any rate, this story isn't quite as violent as part three, but she's definitely reluctant. Fair warning again, my friends.
~CH

For the first part of this story, see FirstFellatio_MastersLittlePet_Mg11-oral.txt.



Bea was terrified of her Master now, after the last time they met in real life. 

But she went to him again anyway, the next time he suggested that they hook up. Even though she was so scared, she went to him anyway.





They did not go to the deserted parking lot at the nature reserve, after he picked her up from the library. This time, instead, he drove a long ways, out to the suburbs, where he pulled into the driveway of house on a cultisac.

"Is this your house?" she asked him, feeling scared. She'd been feeling scared the whole time, since he picked her up, wondering what he was going to do to her this time. Going to his house was a whole new thing, that just made her all the more nervous.

"No, we can't go to my house. My wife's there right now."

"Oh," she said, confused. "Then... whose...?"

"This is my buddy Mike's house," he answered, putting the car in park and turning off the engine. 

"Mike?" she said, suddenly feeling even more scared. Why we're they at this guy's house?

"Yeah, you'll like him, he's a nice guy."

"I... I don't..." she stammered. 

"You don't what?" He asked. There was a sense of annoyance in his voice.

"I... I don't..." she stammered again. "It's just, I don't wanna do anything with another guy," she finally managed to blurt out, almost too scared and nervous to talk. Sensing that he was displeased with her answer, she quickly added, "Just with you," hoping that he would be glad she still wanted to do stuff with him, even after what he did to her the last time they hooked up. "I mean, I still want to do stuff with you," she continued, trying to make him happy, "just not with this other guy."

"What if Mike wants to watch us?" he asked.

"He wants to watch us?"

"I don't know. But what if I want him to watch us. You'll be okay with that, right?"

"Um... maybe..." She was feeling pretty freaked out by all of this. She didn't even want to go into this guy's house.

"What if I want you to take your clothes off for him. Will you do that?"

"Take... take my clothes off?" She felt like she was going to start to cry. She really didn't want to take her clothes off for some strange man she didn't even know. "I don't... I don't know if I want to." 

"Well, if he's gonna watch us, then he's gonna see you naked, right?"

"I... I guess..." She really didn't want to stranger to see her naked. She really didn't want this guy to watch them. She didn't even want to go in his house.

"What if I want you to give him a blowjob. Will you do that?" her Master asked her.

"I... Is... Is that what you want me to do?" A tear rolled do her cheek.

"Yes, it is," he said. "I want you to take your clothes off for him, and then give him a blowjob."

"I... I don't want to!" she sobbed. 

He reached out and wiped a tear from her cheek, then leaned in and kissed away another one. "It'll be nice, little pet," he said. "You'll like him, he's a good guy. You'll make him very happy. And you'll make me very happy, too."

"Will you be there when I do it?" she asked, her voice wavering with fear. She really didn't want to be alone with some strange man she didn't even know. Just the thought of it made her terrified. 

"Yes, I'll be right there."

"Okay," she said, wiping away a tear herself. "I guess I can, if you really want me to."

He kissed her cheek again. "That's my good pet," he said. "Now come on, let's go inside and meet him!"





Bea stood in front of the man her Master called Mike. She knew she should act sexy when she took her clothes off for him, she knew that's what guys like. But she was embarrassed and scared, worried and uncertain, so all she did was just quick pull her shirt off. The man grunted approvingly at the sight of her almost-flat eleven-year-old chest, his eyes wide and his mouth in an unpleasant smile. Then she pulled her skirt down just as quickly. Since her Master always told her not to wear any panties, this meant she was naked now, except for her socks and tennies. 

The man sat on the couch in his living room and stared at her with a big lecherous smile that made Bea very scared. She was glad her Master was sitting in the room, because despite what her Master said, she did not like this man Mike. He did not seem like a nice man, and she didn't trust him. She was scared of him.

"Wow, what a nice body!" the guy whistled. "Nice work, Tony. Where'd you find this little piece again?"

"Boomchat," her Master answered. "If you haven't hung out there, you gotta. It's full of young girls looking for fun."

"Sweet. I,ll check it out. Now, turn around, sweetheart," he said to Bea, circling a finger in the air. "Let's see your ass."

Bea turned around. "Cute ass," the man said approvingly. "Okay, baby, come over here, I want a closer look."

Unsteady and uncertain, she walked up to the man. He ogled her for a moment with that same frightening lecherous smile, then looked over at her Master. 

"Do I get to touch her?" he asked.

Her Master shrugged his shoulders. "Sure, why not?" 

Bea really didn't want this guy to touch her at all, but she didn't feel like she had any choice. She didn't know what the man would do if she said no, and she didn't want to find out at all. And what about her​ Master? What would he do? She didn't want to find that out, either. So she just stood there and let him drape his hands all over her little breasts. After fondling her for a bit, he reached a hand down between her legs. His middle finger suddenly and quite unceremoniously forced its way in between her lips and into her unprepared vagina. She grunted painfully from the rude intrusion.

"Shit!" the man said, looking over at her Master. "Bitch is tight!"

"No kidding."

"You fuck this little thing? Damn!"

"Sure, man. She's a good fuck, too."

The man looked up at her. "I bet you are, sweetheart, aren't you?" He pulled his finger out. "Turn around now."

He grabbed her ass cheeks when she had turned around in front of him. "Damn, she has such a sweet ass, doesn't she?" Gripping hard, he spread her cheeks open. "And look at that cute little hole! Have you fucked her asshole yet, Tony?"

"Nah, that's not really my thing."

"Huh. Well, it's fucking cute." He put his hands on her hips and pulled her towards him. "Have a seat, baby," he said. 

She didn't want to sit on the man's lap, but she lost her balance a bit from him pulling her back, and she didn't have much choice but to fall onto him. Instantly his groping hands were all over her, pinching her nipples, poking at her pussy again. 

"What's your name, cutie?" he asked while he pushed his middle finger into her.

"Bea," she answered before she could realize that she did not want this man to know her real name.

"Bea? That's pretty." He kissed her on the cheek. "And you do taste like honey." He kissed her again, and she felt his tongue slide out and lick her cheek. Then he put his hand on her chin and twisted her head so that she was facing him. "Come on, sweetheart, give Daddy a kiss."

Bea let the horrible man put his lips against hers, but when he tried to push his tongue into her mouth, she kept her lips tight together.

He laughed at her resistance. "I thought you said you broke this girl, Tony," he said to her Master. 

"What's the problem?" Tony asked back.

"Bitch won't let me put my tongue in her mouth."

"Little pet," her Master said in a scolding tone, "let Mike put his tongue in your mouth."

"Nah, 's okay," the man said, "so long as she blows me. You ready for that, girl?"

Bea just nodded her head.

"Alright, then, get to work, bitch. Suck Daddy's cock."

Bea really didn't like this man. She really didn't like how said he was her "daddy," and how he always called her "bitch." He wasn't her daddy, and she wasn't a bitch! She was being really nice to him, letting him touch her and finger her and everything. Why was he being so mean?

And she really didn't like that she had to give him a blowjob. She really didn't want to do it. But she knew her Master wanted her to, and she knew it would get really bad if she said she wouldn't do it. So she just climbed off of his lap and got down on her knees in front of him.

The man leaned back with that awful smile on his face and with his hands behind his head, just waiting for her to do all the work. This made her unhappy. She didn't even want to do this, and he wasn't going to help her? It was one thing for her Master to expect her to do all the work. She liked him. But this meany?

At the same time, she figured she didn't really have much choice about it. So she just started unbuttoning his pants, then pulled them down.

He had a really big ugly smelly cock. It wasn't nearly as nice as her Master's. For one thing, unlike her Master, he was uncircumcised, and had a big foreskin flap covering most of his head. Bea didn't have any experience with cocks, other than her Master's, so she didn't know what the foreskin was or what she should do about it. She thought it looked weird and gross. She just leaned down and took it in her mouth, foreskin and all.

It tasted so nasty! Just as bad as it smelled. She practically gagged from the taste of it! All Bea wanted, was to get this over with as quick as she could, so she just wrapped her little hand around his shaft and started stroking him. She bobbed her head a little, and this caused his foreskin to slide down a bit and that helped her realize what she needed to do with it, and she used her tongue to push it down off of his head. It tasted really nasty under his foreskin, and she almost gagged again. She wondered if the horrible guy ever even cleaned himself at all.

She let her spit slide down his cock, like her Master had taught her to do, and her hand was slippery now, and she was sliding it on his shaft really fast. She just wanted him to cum as soon as possible and get this over with.

"Jesus, Tony," she heard him say, "you're totally right, bitch is a little slut!"

"Yeah she is. She loves sucking cock and getting cum in her mouth."

"Shit," the guy said, breathing hard. "You trained the slut good, too. Bitch is talented!"

"Yep."

"Hey little slut," the man said down to her. "Look up at me when you suck me."

She raised her eyes to look at him.

"There you go, bitch. Jesus Christ, girl, you're gonna make me cum! Fuuuuck!"

Bea managed to catch it all. It tasted way worse than her Master's. But she was really glad that it'd gotten over with so quick. She just sat back and closed her eyes and swallowed it. 

It was horrible, but she proved she could do it at least, and she hoped her Master was happy with her.

"Well, that was quick," her Master said.

"Yeah, no kidding!" the other man answered. "You're good, bitch! Real good!"

"Come on over here now, little pet," her Master said. "Sit on Master's lap." He patted his knee.

She stood and walked over to him, while the other man pulled his pants back up. She felt very awkward and embarrassed when she sat on her Master's lap, being completely naked except for her shoes and socks, with two grown up​ and fully clothed men sitting there with her. Her Master turned her on her lap to face toward the other man and spread her legs open. He reached down with both hands and pulled her pussy lips aside, and Bea was so embarrassed! She knew the horrible man was looking right inside her pussy!

"You did real good, pet," her Master told her. "I'm proud of you."

She felt at least a little better, since she'd made her Master proud.

"Give me a kiss," he commanded. She turned her head back to face him, and this time, when he pushed his tongue into her mouth, she let him. She even tried to make it obvious, so that the horrible man could see that she let her Master put his tongue in her mouth.

At the same time that they were kissing, her Master reached over and grabbed one of her hands and pulled it down to her pussy.

"Masturbate for us, little pet," he ordered.

She was so embarrassed! Mortified! But she didn't want to say no. Well, she did, but she didn't. So she just started rubbing a finger over her button.

"Damn I like this girl," the man said, watching keenly and smiling that nasty smile. 

"She's a hottie, isn't she?"

"Sure is! Hey girlfriend," he said to her, "what sort of kinky stuff are you into?"

"Kinky?" she said.

"Yeah, you know, BDSM, yuri... You have a girlfriend? Do you eat pussy?"

"Pussy? No!"

"No? That's too bad. How about your daddy, do you let him fuck you?"

"My... my daddy? No!"

"Poor guy. You should."

"He's not..." she had to pant a little because of the feelings her finger was causing on her button, even though she didn't want to feel like that in front of this guy. "He's not like that!"

"Bullshit, bitch. Every daddy wants to fuck his little girl."

"No... No...!"

"Trust me, he wants to fuck you. You should let him. You have a brother?"

"Uh huh..." She had her eyes closed now.

"Older or younger?"

"Older..." She panted some more.

"Sweet. So does he fuck you?"

"No..."

"Man, bitch, you gotta have more fun! Loosen up and let your brother fuck you."

"Oooh..." was all she could say in response.

"So what else you into? You didn't say if you're into BDSM or not."

"I don't think she knows what that is," her Master said.

The man laughed. "God, I love this naive little girl."

"What... oooh... what's BD-whatever?" she asked.

"You got her that nice collar," the man continued, ignoring the girl's question, "so that's a start. I've got some stuff upstairs, if you want to give her a bit more of a taste."

"Sure." Her Master wrapped his arms tight around her, like he likes to do, and stood up, lifting her effortlessly into the air. He slid one arm under her legs to carry her, like she was nothing at all, just like she was a ragdoll again, and he followed the other man up the stairs.

"Here," the man said, when they got to his bedroom, holding out a pair of padded cuffs and another thing that Bea didn't recognize. Her Master set her down on her feet. "Does she like to be spanked? 'Cause I got a riding crop, too, if you want."

"I don't know, I've never spanked her. Whaddya think, pet?"

She was staring wide-eyed at the cuffs, and the other thing, fear rising her in throat and her belly flopping and her heart pounding. She shook her head, no. That's all she could do.

"You never spanked her? Shit, dude, get with it. Well, we can save that for another time I guess. Here." He thrust the stuff in his hand out in her Master's direction. 

Her Master took the cuffs from him and grabbed her arm and pulled it behind her back. Her heart was racing so hard now! He strapped the cuff to her wrist and grabbed her other arm. She tried to resist this time, tried to pull her arm away from him, but he was way too strong and in another second, her wrists were tied together behind her back. Then he took the other thing and wrapped it around her face and she realized now what it was, it was some sort of gag. It had a big leather cup in the front that covered her mouth and her chin, and a big knob or something on the inside of the cup. He forced the know between her lips. It completely filled her mouth. Then he pulled the two straps that hung from the cup back around behind her head and latched it tight.

Poor Bea was so scared now! She didn't know what was going to happen, but she was pretty sure it wasn't anything good at all. Her Master grabbed​ her arm and turned her to face the other man.

He eyed her with his nasty grin. "Fuck, she looks awesome like that!"

Her Master didn't say anything. He just yanked on her arm and lead her to then bed, then shoved her down face-first onto it. 

She groaned against the gag, wanting to tell him no, but she couldn't make a coherent sound with that knob stuck so deep in her mouth.

Her Master pushed a pillow under her belly, then stood back and started unbuttoning his pants. She couldn't really see him, but she could see the other man, watching with his big horrible grin.

Bea had no choice but to lay there as her master spread her legs and knelt behind her. Her heart was racing and her stomach was flopping all over she was salivating hard around the knob in her mouth and trying to swallow. She knew her Master was going to force himself on her, right there in front of this stranger. This man she didn't even know was just going to stand there and watch her Master fuck her, and there wasn't anything she could do about it.

She felt his cockhead pushing in between her pussy lips, and once he had it situated there, he leaned over her with one hand on either side of her and shoved in, hard. She groaned in pain into the gag, and then her Master raped her while that horrible man just stood and watched with his horrible smile. 

A few minutes into it, her Master lay down on her entirely, his heavy body hurting her arms that were stuck behind her back. He didn't say a word, but he was breathing hard right in her ear again. Her pussy was wet enough now, that he could just slam in and out of her, which is exactly what he did. Then he grunted in her ear, and she felt that hot thick feeling of his cum shooting inside her.

At least it was over now. She was glad for that.

But, of course, it wasn't. 

The other man, the horrible man, walked right over to the bed as her Master climbed off. Bea could tell he was unbuttoning his pants. 

"Fggnnn!" she groaned into the gag, vigorously shaking her head, no! She didn't want this! She didn't want this nasty man and his nasty cock to rape her, too! 

But the man laughed at her as he climbed on the bed between her legs. "Just be happy I ain't gonna fuck you in the ass today, bitch," he said. "Then you'd really have something to be unhappy about!" And with that, he slid his nasty cock into her poor little cunt.

He wasn't like her Master. He liked to talk while he fucked her, calling her a bitch and a slut and a whore, and using all sorts of naughty words the whole time. After a while, Bea just closed her eyes tight and waited until the horrible man finished. Which, eventually, he did. She felt his cum, just as hot as her Master's, pump inside her.

"Shit, that was awesome!" he said when he climbed off of her. "I've never cum in an eleven-year-old pussy before. Shit, Tony, that was awesome! You're one lucky-ass bastard!"

With that, her Master climbed back on the bed between her legs again. Oh, god, no! Bea thought to herself. Not again! She tried to say something, she was just so sore and stretched and used, she couldn't possibly take another time, too! But it was too late, he was already fucking her.

So once again, the poor little pet just had to lay there and take it. She closed her eyes tight again, and endured the third assault that day, broken, unresisting, just like the little slut that she knew she was.





Her Master led her downstairs afterwards, naked and dripping three loads of cum from her sex. When they got back to the living room, he finally took the cuffs off of her, and the two men stood by and watched her pull her miniskirt back on, then her shirt. Only then did her Master finally unstrap the gag and take it out of her mouth.

He had his hand on her bare knee as he drove away from his buddy's house. 

"So do you like Mike?" he asked her. "He's a good guy, huh?"

"No," she answered, looking out the window of the car as the houses went by in the evening light.

"What, you didn't have fun with him?"

"No," she said again.

"No? Why not?"

"I... I don't like being with other men," she answered.

"Well, that's too bad," he said. "I like to share you."

"Are you gonna share me with him again?"

"Maybe. If he wants to."

"Are you gonna share me with other men, too?"

"Yes," he answered. 

She look down at her hands crossed in her lap for a moment. Then she said, very quietly,

"Okay."




[If you like this story--or if you don't like it!--please drop me an email to let me know what you think at chrishailey01@protonmail.com  Thanks!]
