Summer School Streaker
by Nude_Writer

Miss Collins has her own naked adventure at work.

My hand was going crazy, rubbing and fingering my dripping wet pussy. I longed to be the naked woman I saw on my laptop screen. There she was, walking around the busy sidewalks of New York, stark naked in the day time. Meanwhile, here I was, lying on my back, stark naked in my bed at 1am.

Alone.

God, the freedom she must be feeling. The breeze on her naked body. The eyes of the public sticking to every inch of her like glue. How could she not be playing with herself the way I am now?

While I'm watching this video, I imagine myself as her. The woman on screen. Though, we do look very different. She is a tanned Latino, whereas my skin is very fair and pale. Her ass and hips are full and round, yet my hips are narrower and my ass is smaller, but still just as round. Her lips are bigger than mine, and my hair is shorter than hers, coming to my shoulders, but just as dark. She has tattoos, and I wear thick framed, square glasses. She is quite short and curvy, while I am almost 6 foot tall and slender. She has beautiful, giant breasts, and mine were only a B-cup.

She's a porn star, and I'm a teacher.

We live in two separate worlds. That very thought depressed me to the point where I couldn't even finish masturbating. I stopped moving my hand and let out a large sigh.

Exhibitionist porn has always been my favorite. Showing off anywhere, taking off clothes in public, being exposed and being seen. Something about it all made me so much hotter and wetter than anything else. If laws didn't exist, I would walk around naked in public all the time, touching and groping myself whenever I wanted.

But laws do exist. But that didn't stop me coming up with a plan.

I work at a school aimed at people looking to further their education after high school. Students range from 18 to 21 years old. It's summer vacation, which means the school is empty. Nobody is on the school ground. Nobody, except for the other teachers and I. We have to spend one week during the summer vacation planning all of our lessons for the academic year. From 9am to 5pm, myself and all the other teachers, will spend their days, starting tomorrow, in their classrooms, planning, in isolation.

The perfect opportunity for some mischief.

* * * * *

It was now 4:45pm. The day had dragged on long enough. I had been sitting at my desk for hours, going over my plans for the first few weeks of lessons over and over again. I'm a computer science teacher, and my classroom is a little larger than the other rooms, and the perimeter is lined with, well, computers. My desk sits at the front of the room, overlooking everything.

My hair was in a little loose ponytail, and I had on a rather thin, red turtle neck sweater, a black skirt that ended just before my knees, and a pair of black high heels. Since I didn't cum last night, I was still pretty horny, which is why I decided to not put on a bra or underwear. A few of the other teachers had finished early and gone home, and the rest would be getting ready to leave too, leaving little ol' me all by myself.

Perfect.

At 5:05pm, one of the other teachers, Alice, knocked on my door and stuck her head in.

"Alright Vicky, I'm just about to leave, I'll see you tomorrow." Alice said with a kind smile.

"Alright, take care Alice." I replied. "Oh, is anyone else still here?" I asked, acting like I hadn't been counting the number of people that walked past my door.

"No, you'll be the last one out it seems! Don't forget to switch off the lights." Allice replied with a little laugh and another smile.

"See you tomorrow." I called out as Alice closed my door and left.

My heart nearly beat out of my chest due to the excitement. I wanted to strip right there and then, but I needed to be sure I was safe, so, I got up from my seat, and decided to head to the toilets and do a bit of reconnaissance.

Just as I got to the classroom door, I had a thought. I walked back to my desk and slipped off my high heels, leaving me barefoot. My mind started to race and overthink everything. If I did see anyone, and if they asked me about my shoes, I can just tell them I took them off to be more comfortable. It's not like they will instantly know I'm planning on stripping off the rest of my clothes, right?

I opened the door and took a peek outside into the hallway. Silence. The school had a few buildings, each with different classrooms inside. The building I was in housed my computer science classroom, the engineering classrooms, and the science classrooms.

Taking a bare-footed step out of my classroom, I began my mission to scope out the area. It felt weird being barefoot in a place outside of my own home. Plus, wearing a skirt with no panties made me feel almost completely naked below the waist. The cold hard floor beneath my soles reminded me of my naked feet and legs with every step.

With each door I walked past, I quickly looked through the glass to see if anyone was inside. I checked door after door, looking in room after room. After a few minutes, my mission was a success. I was all alone. In this building at least.

Feeling free and a little brave, I lifted up the bottom of my skirt, revealing my bare and hairless pussy, and my smooth and round ass. I swear I could've cum right there and then from the excitement. Rather than heading straight back to my classroom, I walked around the hallways like this. Hands constantly holding my skirt up, showing off my assets, and biting my bottom lip.

I wanted more. I needed more. I slowly walked back to my classroom and went back to my desk. Okay, that was risky. Not too risky, but still, I was showing off my vagina and my ass inside of the school that I work at. If I got caught, I would've been fired on the spot. Or died of embarrassment. I don't know which would be worse.

Right, I'm just going to do this quickly. Do it once, get it over with, and then never forget this experience. I'm going to strip. Stark naked. Quick walk around my room, then clothes back on. Nobody will know.

Taking another look outside my classroom door, I listened for any noise. Stepping back towards my desk, I took a deep breath and quickly pulled my sweater over my head. As soon as it hit the floor, I went straight for my skirt, pulling it all the way down and tossing it to the side with my foot.

That was it. I was naked. Totally, 100%, stark naked. In my own classroom! This was intense. This was terrifying. This was... Incredible!

I stood completely still, once again listening for any noises outside my room. Once I was sure there was nobody nearby, I quietly walked to the front of my desk, sat on the edge of it, and opened my legs. Oh, if my students could see me now. My nipples hardened at the thought of an audience. Me, sat naked in front of a room of students all wearing clothes.

I gently started to grope my 34B tits and tweak my nipples. Running one hand down my tummy, I softly brushed the tips of my fingers over my cunt. I wanted to masturbate right there and then, but I stopped myself. No. If I cum now, the fun will be over. I don't want it to be over. I want to do more.

I already walked around half naked in the hallways. What's stopping me from going back out there naked? After all, there's nobody nearby, I just checked.

I'm going for it. Just go out there, have a quick naked walk around, come back in here, get dressed, go home, and then masturbate to all of this later. That's it.

Taking the handle of the door in my hand, I carefully turned it and pulled the door open. Stepping a bare foot outside of my classroom yet again on to the cold hard floor, I began to walk around the hallways. This felt even better than just being nude in my classroom. Way better! I felt so free! This is how I wanted to live my life. Naked and exposed.

Since I had already walked around the hallways earlier, I felt a little bit more confident, and began walking around as if I had clothes on, rather than trying to be sneaky. In just a few minutes, I had already walked past every classroom at least twice.

Just like I imagined myself being naked in my classroom in front of my students, I imagined the hallways were packed too. Crowds of teens walking past me, looking, staring, occasionally brushing up against me. My pussy moistened with every step as I thought about this, and I once again began to fondle my breasts.

I stopped walking and spread my legs open a little before, yet again, touching my wet pussy lips. I still didn't want to cum. I thought back to the video I watched last night of the woman walking around New York completely naked. If there were a crowd of students right now, I would be just like her. The thought made me lose control and I plunged a finger right inside my cunt.

Shit! No! Stop! I can't masturbate right now! If I cum, I wont be horny anymore. I want to stay horny!

I want to...

I want to......

* * * * * I need to cum!

I rolled my head back and began masturbating. I cupped my left breast with my left hand while my right hand went to work, fingering me. God, why can't there be people here? I want them to see what I'm doing. I want them to see their teacher, nude and masturbating like a slut. I want to be seen. I need to be seen!

My body felt so good that I fell down on to my knees with my legs spread even wider. My hand moved faster and faster as drops of my pussy juices sprayed out. A small puddle began to form underneath me, and before too long, my pussy clenched, and I began to orgasm. It was perhaps the strongest orgasm I had ever felt. My hips went wild and my eyes nearly rolled into the back of my head. An almost primal moan escaped from my mouth and an ocean of fluids shot out as I squirted on the floor.

That was incredible. That was amazing. That was fantastic. That was the best feeling I could ever hope to feel. And yet...

I wanted more.

After catching my breath a little, I stood up on wobbly legs and tried to regain my composure. To my surprise, I was still horny.

Looking down at the pool of pussy juices around my feet with wide eyes.

"This is bad." I thought to myself. I had to find some way of cleaning this up. Directly ahead of me were the public restrooms, but as soon as I took a step forward, I realized what was behind me; a door to one of the science classrooms.

Now, if I wasn't still horny, I probably would've gotten some toilet paper from the restroom and cleaned up my mess that way, but I had a much naughtier idea in mind.

I opened the door into the science classroom and stepped inside. Even though I knew it would be empty, I still felt like I could be caught any moment. By the front of the class, near the door, hung a white lab coat. Teachers would wear these whenever they performed an experiment for the class. This is what I was going to use to clean up my mess. Just the thought of a teacher wearing this coat covered with my dry cum made me shudder with glee.

Before I wiped the floor with it, I slipped it on. Wearing nothing but this lab coat somehow made me feel even more naked. While I was a computer science teacher, a few of the students made comments in the past on how I looked like a science teacher due to my glasses and posture. I didn't know what they meant, until I saw my reflection in one of the windows. I tilted my glasses down, looked over them, and smirked.

Grabbing a ruler off of the desk, I held it in both hands and began walking around the classroom in an authoritative manner. In my mind, I imagined a room full of students, and I was their nudist science teacher. The fantasy made my heart begin to race once again, and I made my way back to the front of the class.

Standing at the front of the class, I opened my legs and began rubbing my inner thighs.

"Today, class..." I thought to myself "...we're going to learn about anatomy."

I pointed the tip of the ruler to my pussy lips and began to rub it against my clit. It was a little cold, but I didn't mind. As I swirled it around, I once again imagined a room full of students looking at me. Stark naked, wearing nothing but an open lab coat, toying with my pussy for all to see.

Turning the ruler on it's side, I stood up a little and slipped it under me. The ruler fit comfortably between my pussy lips and my ass cheeks. Once it was in place, I began to grind my hips backwards and forwards against it, leaning my body back.

This felt amazing. As I humped the ruler, I pressed it harder against me, pushing my clit into it as I continued to grind up and down the length of the ruler.

Before too long, my breathing got heavier, and I could feel another orgasm build inside me. I sped up, thrusting myself against the ruler. Before I came, I stood up, opened my legs, and shoved the ruler inside my dripping wet cunt. As one hand pumped the ruler in and out of me, my other hand went to town on my clit, violently rubbing it until I came.

My body tensed up, and a few spurts of liquid shot out of me. Not as much as before, but enough to create a little puddle between my bare feet on the floor.

I sat back on the edge of the desk and stayed still for a few minutes as I caught my breath. The ruler was still inside me as the last few drops of my orgasm fell out of me, adding to the puddle beneath. After a little while, I gently slipped the ruler out of me and placed it on the desk, still wet and warm. I slipped off the lab coat too.

As I walked back to the door, I hung up the coat where I found it and opened the classroom door. On the floor in front of me was my puddle of juices from earlier. I took the coat from off the hook it was on, got on my knees, and began wiping the wet floor with it. After that orgasm in the classroom, it felt like I was on autopilot. I wasn't really thinking of anything besides the fact that I was naked in school.

Once the puddle was wiped from the floor, mostly, I hung the drenched coat up once more, and closed the classroom door behind me, leaving me stark naked in the hallway yet again.

I looked down the hallway and I could see the door to my classroom up ahead, but, just past it, was the door to the outside. Without even thinking, I started to walk forward. My bare feet slapped the cold, tiled floor as I walked past my classroom and out of the building's door. Suddenly, I was outside, completely naked.

The warm sun felt so good against my bare skin. A cool breeze washed over and all around me, hardening my nipples. The concrete beneath my feet was warm, and the sound of the birds in the nearby trees made me feel at one with nature.

It also made me horny as fuck!

The sun was starting to set and the sky was a mix of blue and orange. There were a few clouds in the sky, and the air smelled like lavender.

After standing outside for a few seconds, I slowly came out of my trance-like state, and realised what was going on. I had done it. I was finally completely nude outside. Just like the girl in the video I watched last night.

Reaching behind me, I pulled out my hair band and let my hair loose before tossing the hair band to the floor.

I spread my feet apart, lifted my arms and put my hands behind my head, closed my eyes, and pointed my face to the sky. This was incredible! Why wasn't this legal?

I let out a big stretch and began to walk. Everyone should walk around naked! It felt so good!! I walked away from the building, further and further away from my clothes, and out into the open. At the centre of the school was the area where the students would socialize during recess. Benches and tables, trash bins, plants. Just like in the science classroom, I imagined all of the students walking around me like they've done a thousand times. Only this time, I was nude.

Despite being alone, I could feel the imaginary eyes all over me. My legs. My ass. My tummy. My tits. My bare body.

I walked over to one of the benches and took a seat. The wood felt warm against my ass and legs. I looked around the empty area and wished my fantasy would become reality, and that students and teachers alike would begin to pour in from the school's entrance, and everyone would be greeted by me, sitting naked for all to see.

There were so many thoughts and fantasies in my head that I couldn't think straight. I wanted to walk around casually naked, but I also wanted to fuck myself in front of the entire school. I wanted to teach a class about nudism while being naked myself, but I also wanted a bukkake in the middle of a classroom. I wanted to pose nude for one of the art classes, but I also wanted to be fucked and humiliated by every single teacher in every single class.

I wanted to do all of that, but, seeing as I was alone, I could only walk around and masturbate openly.

I got up from the bench and wandered around the school grounds. Past the school buildings, across patches or grass, looking through windows of different classrooms. I wish I could do this all the time.

Eventually, I stumbled upon the gymnasium. I opened the door and walked inside. To my surprise, there was a lot of equipment out. A tennis net, some weights, basketballs, tennis rackets. All sorts of stuff. The door to the storage room was still open. I guess Kevin, the P.E. Teacher, must've left them all out while planning his lessons and will carry on with his work when he comes back tomorrow.

Seeing the tennis rackets and nets reminded me of another porn video I saw where a woman stripped off while playing a game of squash. She then spent the rest of the day completely naked, and even ate breakfast naked in the restaurant of the hotel she was staying at the morning after. A whole 24 hours in the nude.

I walked towards the equipment and picked up one of the rackets along with a tennis ball that was next to it. Walking over to one of the walls of the gymnasium, I threw the ball and hit it as it ricocheted back at me. As I hit it back and forth, it moved from side to side, and I moved quickly in order to hit it. On occasion, I would miss, and I'd have to walk back to pick the ball up off the floor. I really wasn't good at squash.

I stopped before I started to sweat. I put the ball and racket back where I found them and took a few moments to catch my breath. Whenever I did any home exercises, I always did them nude. It just made more sense. I had no sweaty gym clothes, I could move around easier, and it just felt a hell of a lot better to do anything naked in general.

Looking around the gymnasium, I spotted a basketball in the middle of the room. I was planning on shooting some hoops with it, but as I got closer, I had a naughtier thought in mind.

I got on my knees and sat on my feet next to the ball to have a look at it. The ball was covered with small, rubber bumps all over it, just like any other basketball. Those small bumps reminded me of one of my dildos back home. Feeling my heart begin to race, I gently spread my thighs apart and pushed the ball against my pussy, just like I did with the ruler.

It felt cold, but nice. I sat up a little bit and pressed my crotch against the ball even more. By now, I was pretty much sitting on it. Straddling it. I reach back and held on to the soles of my feet as I began to grind against the ball.

This felt wonderful!! I could feel every small bump rub against my clit. Against my pussy lips. I would often hump my pillow at home, but this... this felt 100x better! I needed to get a basketball of my own!

I let go of my feet and reached up to my nipples, gripping and pinching them between my index fingers and thumbs. I closed my eyes tightly as I thrust my hips up against the basketball, bouncing up and down on it.

I picked up the pace a little more, when suddenly, I heard the door of the gymnasium open.

Fuck.

Fuck fuck fuck.

Someone was still here.

I shot up on to my feet and, without thinking, ran towards the storage room. It was a messy, concrete room full of old shelves, dust, and very old and worn equipment. Also, it was absolutely freezing!

I hid behind a stack of floor mats near a corner of the room, covering my breasts and my crotch with my hands, trembling in fear.

I heard footsteps walking around the gymnasium, and the sound of a man's cough broke the terrifying silence. It was Kevin. He hadn't left. Shit. How long had he been here? Did he see me sitting on the bench earlier? Did he see me come in here? Fuck fuck fuck.

Outside the storage room, Kevin was packing up the equipment he left out. Bags were zipped shut, the nets were taken down, the balls were gathered into baskets, and then finally, he started to make his way towards the storage room. Towards me.

As the footsteps grew louder, my heart started to beat faster. This wasn't good. I was about to be caught butt naked in the storage room of the gymnasium. How the hell would I be able to explain this?! What if he takes a picture of me? Or a video?! Everyone at school would think I'm some sort of nudist pervert!

The worst part about all of this was the fact that I could feel my pussy getting wetter under my hand. The idea of being caught was turning me on so much!

I heard Kevin enter the storage room and begin putting things away. Every time he put a bag on a shelf, or a piece of equipment on the floor, my crotch get wetter and wetter. It got to the point where I couldn't help myself, and I started to massage my clit.

With one hand over my mouth and the other around my pussy, I started to masturbate right there and then, just a few feet away from another teacher.

The fear of being caught mixed with the possibility of being seen caused my legs to shake as my fingers worked their magic around my soaking wet cunt and my clit. I could hear Kevin leave and enter the room over and over as he put things away. Every time he came back into the room, I hoped he would come over here and find me.

Just as he was putting the various balls away, one slipped out of his hands. It was the basketball I was humping earlier. It bounced and rolled towards me, eventually hitting the wall and stopping right in front of me.

My eyes had never been so wide. This was it. I was going to get caught. He was going to see me, butt naked and masturbating. With each passing second, I masturbated faster and faster until I saw his arm reach down and pick the ball up. If he leaned a little further and looked to his left, he would've seen me, clear as day. Instead, Kevin turned around and put the ball away.

He didn't see me.

I was safe.

Eventually, I heard Kevin walk out of the room for the last time. He closed the door behind him and walked away. Since I was so aware of my nakedness and cautious about being caught, it felt like my senses were dialled to 11. From the corner of the storage room, I could hear Kevin walk towards the front door of the gymnasium. I heard him open the door, and I heard him leave.

After waiting for a few seconds, I took my chance to leave. I was so close to cumming, but I didn't want to wait a second longer in here. There could be a chance he would come back. I quickly walked to the door, opened it slightly and quietly, and peaked around.

Empty.

Kevin really had left.

I quickly stepped out of the storage room, closed the door, and fast walked towards a side door that lead out on to the field, all the while looking at the front door in case it opened again.

I exited out of the side door, closed it behind me, and I was safe. My heart had never beat so fast in my life. I felt like I could pass out at any moment. To make sure I was safe, I ran on to the field, away from the gymnasium. It felt good to feel the grass between my toes after walking around on cold tiles and hot concrete for a while.

The field was a wide stretch of grass and trees that wrapped around a quarter of the school grounds. This is where the students would play sports, eat their lunches, and socialize between classes.

Out here, I felt more comfortable being naked. Not that I wasn't comfortable walking around the school grounds and inside the buildings, but out in nature, surrounded by trees and grass, being naked felt natural and right. All the insects and birds could see me in my natural state.

I started to walk up the length of the field towards a small hill that had a few small trees around one side of it. A lot of students sat on this hill to eat their lunch and watch some of the other students play sports. Once I arrived, I say down on the slope and rested my back against it. Lying on that hill with the sun facing me, I felt as if I could fall asleep and all the worries and troubles I had in my life would melt away.

This is what life is. This is what life should be. Feeling comfortable. Feeling at peace. Admiring the world around you and letting the world admire you.

Gently, I closed my eyes, opened my legs, and rested my arms by my side. The sound of the wind and birds almost put me to sleep. Almost. What kept me from drifting to sleep was the breeze once against washing over my naked body.

As I felt every inch of my exposed body being touched by the wind, I too began to touch myself. With my eyes still closed, I reached up to my nipples and gently brushed my fingers against them. They were so hard yet so soft.

My left hand continued to caress my breasts as my right hand reached down to toy with my pussy lips. Masturbating outdoor had always been a pleasure of mine. I had a small backyard that I would occasionally go out and masturbate in at night, but out here, in the open, in the day; my backyard couldn't compare.

Licking my lips, I pulled my knees up to my shoulders so that my asshole was exposed. I felt another breeze wash over me and between my ass cheeks. As it passed over my asshole, I shivered, and continued to masturbate.

Picking up the pace, I slipped my index finger inside of me. It felt so good! I reached in and massaged my g-spot inside me. I wanted to cum so bad. So, so bad.

I opened my mouth and let out a little moan. I was about ready to finger myself as quickly as possible to make myself cum, until...

"Uuhhh, Miss Collins?" A voice asked.

My eyes shot open quicker than ever. In front of me were four guys. I recognised them. They were former students that graduated last year. Scott, Travis, William, and Jacob. All 22 years old.

Scott had bleach blond hair and was the tallest and thinnest of the four. Travis had some muscle, with tanned skin and short black hair. William was the shortest, wore glasses, had weak stubble, and had light brown hair. Jacob was average height, average build, and had dark brown hair.

Why were they here?!

Just then, I noticed the soccer ball underneath Scott's arm. The field was open to the public, even if the school was closed. Nobody really came here though since there were other places around town for people to hang out.

All four of them had their eyes on me. Jacob and Travis had their phones out and pointed at me. My heart skipped a beat. Maybe several. It felt like it had just stopped.

This was it.

I had been caught.

My naked body was on display for them to see. Every inch of me could be seen. My tits. My pussy. Even my asshole. I felt like I could die right there and then.

But, I didn't die. Instead, I did something I never thought I'd do.

I kept masturbating.

Staring at the boys in front of me with wide open eyes, I allowed my hand to go wild between my legs. My whole body shook as I frantically fingered myself in front of them. Droplets of my pussy juice sprayed out from every direction as I fucked myself. My face was burning red from shame, but my crotch burned with passion.

The boys couldn't believe what they were seeing. William looked embarrassed. Travis and Jacob both had shocked smiles on their faces, and Scott's mouth hung open.

My body shook more and more, until finally, I climaxed.

An ocean sprayed out of me from between my legs and the boys stepped back a little to get out of the splash zone. Jacob filmed the juices shooting out of me, and then pointed his phone back at my face.

My mind started to clear as the final drops dripped out of me. This was it. The whole school will find out what a naked pervert I am. Everyone will talk about the video of me butt naked on the school field, legs up, pussy spread, spraying all over the place. Everyone will know what a naked perverted slut I am.

Since it was going to go that way anyway, I decided to at least go with it. Looking up at the boys, there was an awkward silence between us.

"G-g-get your c-c-cocks out." I said quietly, stuttering over my words.

The four boys looked at me, shocked at what they just heard. Neither of them moved besides glancing at each other and then back at me a few times.

"Get your c-cocks out." I said again. "Now."

I started to feel a little bit more confident about the situation. I had already been caught, the least I could do was take a little bit of control and own it. I lowered my knees and spread my legs open a little more. Taking my hand away from my soaking pussy, I began to massage both of my tits with my hands.

I could clearly see bulges in the boy's pants. They were hard. Rock hard.

"Holy shit." William whispered.

"Cocks. Out. Now." I demanded.

This whole experience had been exhilarating. From stripping in my classroom, to wandering the halls, to masturbating in a different classroom, walking around naked outside, to almost being caught in the gymnasium. This was to be my big finish to the day.

Travis was the first to obey me. Unzipping his pants, he pulled out a thick, meaty dick. Fuck it was huge! My eyes widened and a smile grew on my face. Beckoning him over with my finger, Travis held his hard cock in his hand and walked over to me. Standing over me at my side, I reached up and began stroking him. It had been too long since I last held a penis in my hand.

My hand slid up and down his shaft, and I could feel his dick twitching. Travis must've looked like he was having a good time because, before I knew it, Jacob had come to my other side, dick out and waiting to be stroked. I gladly obliged.

Travis had put his phone away in his pocket, but Jacob kept his out, recording the whole thing.

With two cock in my hand, I looked at Scott and William. They were near the bottom of the hill, but close enough to me that I could reach them with my feet. I stretched my legs and began rubbing their crotches with the soles of my bare feet, feeling their hard cocks under their jeans.

"Come on. Don't be pussies." Travis said, looking over at Scott and William. "Oh fuck yeah Miss Collins, keep stroking it."

At least Travis was into this as much as I was. As a reward, I pulled on his cock and guided it towards my face. He happily went with me and got to his knees, helping my to bring his cock into my mouth.

I licked all around the head of Travis' cock before engulfing half of it. It really was thick.

Scott and William couldn't take it anymore, and, seemingly at the same time, each pulled their cock out of their pants. Now, my bare feet were rubbing against their bare dicks.

Here I was, completely naked on the school field. One dick in my left hand. One dick in my mouth. One dick being massaged by my left foot. One dick being massaged by my right foot. This was amazing! But it was about to get better.

William took a deep breath and pushed my leg aside. In just a second, he pulled his jeans and underwear down to his knees and practically charged towards my crotch. Before I could pull Travis' cock out of my mouth, William aimed his own and plunged it into my moist pussy hole.

I let out a muffled, mouth filled moan and my eyes rolled into the back of my head. As William's hard dick entered me, I felt my whole body go limp. My legs dropped and I momentarily stopped jerking off Jacob and sucking off Travis. Once William started pumping in and out of me, I gathered myself together, and went back to pleasuring the boys.

So that he wouldn't feel left out, I wrapped my legs around William and pressed the soles of my feet together behind me. Scott seemed to enjoy my footjob, so I offered him both of my feet to use at his leisure. Despite no words being spoken, he understood the situation and grabbed both of my feet, pressed them together, and then slipped his cock between them.

Just like that, almost every part of my body was being used to pleasure these four boys. I had become a sex doll to them, and I was happy to let them use me.

Since I had been jerking and sucking off Travis for the longest, he was about ready to cum. I could feel his cock pulse in my mouth and between my lips. I sucked him harder and faster until I could taste his first load of cum on the tip of my tongue. Before he could cum any more, I pulled my head back and slipped his dick out of my mouth, jerking it off right in front of my face.

Three, four, five ropes of hot, sticky semen shot out of him, covering my face and glasses. Travis sat down next to me, exhausted. Damn, was I really that good at giving head? If so, maybe I should treat Jacob. I pulled Jackob down towards my face the same way I did to Travis, but before my lips even touched his member, cum started to spray out of it. It startled me a little and I ended up aiming his dick at my tits. Jacob didn't cum as much as Travis did, but it was enough to cover my chest.

Jacob fell back on to the hill as his orgasm slowly faded. His phone pointed at the ground for a few seconds before he slowly sat up and continued to point it at me, recording the whole show. Now, Scott and William were the last two to cum, besides me.

Since Travis and Jacob were out of my hands, literally, I could focus my attention on William. Since he entered my pussy, he hadn't stopped fucking me. He had a pretty good rhythm, and now that I was paying more attention to him, I could feel his cock stretching me out.

William had his eyes on my tummy for the most part. I guess he didn't want to look at his friend's cocks. Gently, I reach down and rested my index and middle fingers under his chin and lifted his head up slightly so that our eyes met. He was blushing and a little out of breath.

"Keep going baby." I told him "It feels good. Keep... keep going."

I too started to breath a little heavier.

Meanwhile, behind William, Scott was still busy slipping his cock between the soles of my feet. Strangely, he would sometimes speed up, then stop, then resume. It felt like he was edging himself. Maybe he was waiting for William to finish so that he would get out of the way and Scott wouldn't cum on his back. Well, he didn't have long to wait. After a few more heavy thrusts inside me, William pulled out and shot his load of cum all over my tummy. God, these boys must've had some full balls!

My legs spread apart, releasing Scott's cock from between my feet, as load after load, William coated my torso. Just like Travis and Jacob, William fell back, giving Scott space to use me.

Since my legs were already spread, I lifted them up, exposing my asshole to Scott.

"Your turn." I said with a smile.

I thought that Scott was so close to cumming that he would simply jerk off and cum on me. Nope. I was wrong. Scott stepped closer, got to his knees, grabbed his cock, aimed it, and thrust it into my asshole. Right to the base.

"Ugggghhhh!!!!" I moaned loudly, throwing my head back. I wasn't expecting this.

Scott was beyond horny at this point that he didn't even consider taking it easy. He fucked me as roughly and as deeply as he could. He was like a piston! Every thrust shook my body, and I could feel an orgasm building inside me quicker than ever before. I could feel Scott's dick twitch inside of me, and it felt like we were going to orgasm at the same time.

After slamming in me a few more times, Scott pulled out and shot load after load of cum onto my pussy, ass cheeks, and asshole. As soon as the first warm drop landed on me, I started to orgasm too. My legs flung open even wider and fell to the floor. My body twitched and shook as my climax ran through my body. Finally, Scott fell back on to the floor as well.

This was a dream cum true.

The five of us stayed like this for a while; lying on the grass, panting, trying to catch our breaths. I felt a cool breeze brush over me, but the hot cum all over my face and body helped keep me warm like a sticky blanket.

After 10 minutes, I sat up and looked at the four of them. All of their cocks had gone limp, and they seemed to have collected their energy again. Jacob had stopped recording and slipped his phone back into his pocket. I got up on to my feet and looked down at them.

"That was fun guys. Really, really fun." I said, licking some cum off my lips. "But, I think I should be heading home now. Care to escort me to my car?"

The boys looked at each other and smiled. One by one, I offered them my hand and helped them off the floor. Together, the five of us walked across the school grounds, making a quick stop by my classroom to collect my clothes. Scott held them in his arms, letting me walk naked some more. Once we reached my car, I pulled out my keys from my handbag and unlocked the door.

"I hope you won't show that video to anyone." I said, looking at Jacob.

"Oh, I won't Miss Collins. It'll just be between us." He replied with an honest smile.

"Good. Let's keep it that way." I responded, sitting in my car and putting my clothes on the passenger seat. "So, same time tomorrow?"

The boys looked at each other, smiled, and then looked back at me, nodding in unison.

With that, I closed my car door, put my seatbelt on, and began to drive home, giving the boys a little wave as I left. This day went better than planned! The idea of doing it all over again tomorrow filled me with excitement and lust.

Looking at my cum covered face in the rear-view mirror, I adjusted my glasses and smiled. Maybe I'm not so different for the people I see in porn after all.

* * * * *

END.
