In Another Haze
by LittleRobbie
post by litrob2000

This story is a sequel to IN A HAZE, in which 16-year-old Lily braved five days of hazing to become a cheerleader at her high school. Read that story here: viewtopic.php?f=4&t=2708

IN ANOTHER HAZE – PART 1 – TWO YEARS LATER

It has been two years since 16-year-old Lily survived an embarrassing hazing to become a cheerleader at her high school. Even though the hazing was shocking and humiliating to her, she had to admit that it helped her become less introverted and more willing to embrace adventures.

Following the last day of her hazing, in which her almost naked body was fondled by her chemistry lab partner Ryan (while she was blindfolded), she eventually overcame her shame and decided to start dating him. She became less shy with Ryan and eventually enjoyed spending hours in bed with him, fondling and being fondled, including willingly surrendering her virginity early in her senior year.

Dating Ryan and participating in cheerleading highlighted her junior and senior years in high school, and she also remained dedicated to her classwork, so that she could confidently apply to the several universities that were on her short list. Her high GPA and participation in extracurricular activities like cheerleading got her admitted to the university at the top of her list, and following graduation from high school, she began planning for her September trip to the west coast to start her university studies. She and Ryan agreed to keep in touch and visit each other on holidays, but both of them secretly knew that they would each have new adventures and new loves.

Before the end of summer, Ryan convinced Lily to let him take a nude photo of her in his back yard, to help remember her by. She was not crazy about the idea, but she felt bad that she was leaving (and maybe she was a little intoxicated at the time). 

So, now Lily found herself on a university campus at age 18 and excited to be starting a new chapter. Her first semester as a freshman had gone well academically, but she was having a hard time making friends. Everyone she came into contact with spent every waking hour either in class or studying for class. Everyone seemed very career-focused and over-driven. Lily decided to check out sororities in the hopes of finding a healthy social life somewhere on campus.

Of the dozen or so sororities on campus, there was only one that seemed to fit Lily’s criteria: small and selective, altruistic, and supportive of individual partialities. This was Delta Beta Delta. She got to work checking out their officers, and during rush, she went out of her way to get acquainted with them without looking too obvious. Her hard work paid off, and right after the holiday break, she was invited to pledge. She was aware that Delta Beta Delta was, indeed, very selective, so she was honored to be chosen to pledge.

Lily was a bit wary about the possibility of hazing, which had been difficult for her in high school. She knew that universities all over the country had been cracking down on dangerous hazing activities, but she also suspected that most sororities claimed to have abolished hazing without actually having done so. Her research indicated that DBD’s national reputation included a zero-tolerance crackdown on hazing. However, as she was soon to discover, this campus’ chapter was a bit behind in cleaning up their activities in this regard.

The total pledge schedule was four weeks, of which the last few days were referred to as The Finals (and secretly called Hell Week). The initial period consisted primarily of getting to know the members and learning about the history of the sorority. It also included requirements for the pledges to work and spend time in the sorority house and be somewhat subservient to the members. Lily was glad to note that DBD did not require the pledges to overindulge in drunken parties, which seemed to be the case in most sororities and fraternities on campus. There were parties, and the pledges had to “work” the parties by bartending, serving, and entertaining with song and dance when required. But this was all kept at a reasonable and healthy level. In other words, no puking in the guest bathrooms.

Delta Beta Delta organized the pledges into groups of three or four, with each group being assigned a member as pledge captain. Lily’s pledge class included ten girls, and she was assigned a group with two other pledges – Emma and Billie. Emma was a Brit and had a wonderfully dry sense of humor, which included a bit of an edge regarding the “whole sorority thing.” She was thin and blonde, with admirable tits and a tight ass. Billie was a rather shy African American with a large mouth and a very sexy ass. Their pledge captain was Erika, and she gave no pretense to being friends with her three charges; she was terse and unapproving in all matters, determined to get her pledges through the process with the highest marks of all the pledge groups.

As the pledge period wore on, the level of discipline and servitude gradually ratcheted up a bit, and Lily could sense that the members were constantly pushing the pledges beyond their comfort zones. Erika was on their asses constantly, and there did not appear to be any limit to her meanness when she felt a weakness in one of her pledges. Lily, Emma, and Billie were constantly on the defensive while they were in the sorority house, and Erika thought nothing of challenging and humiliating any of them every chance she had.

One morning, Lily noticed an envelope that had been slid under her dorm room door overnight. In it was a handwritten note directing her to attend a mandatory pledge meeting at the sorority house the next morning. Lily took a big breath and prayed that Hell Week was not going to be as utterly humiliating as her high school cheerleader hazing week. But who was she kidding?


IN ANOTHER HAZE – PART 2 – THURSDAY

It’s 7:00am in the main room of the DBD sorority hose, and all 10 of the pledges are here, determined to make it through Hell Week at all costs. They had all spent the last three weeks performing every task demanded of them, and they are all hoping that the remaining few pledge days would go quickly and relatively painlessly. Most of the chapter members are present for this event, and they all look happy and hungry to see The Finals get started. The sorority’s pledge director is Alyssa, and she is addressing all of the pledges before classes start for the day.

“Good morning, pledges, I hope you are all ready to begin The Finals. I want to see the ten of you lined up, side-by-side, over by that wall, facing us. Go!” The pledges quickly moved into position. The wall Alyssa referred to was the front wall of the living room, which had four large windows overlooking the small front yard, a short fence, and the wide sidewalk beyond the fence. These front windows had shades, but at the moment the shades were wide open, giving an easy view out – and in – from the sidewalk.

Alyssa continued, “I’m sure that the Delta Beta Delta members can’t wait to test your mettle. The past three weeks have been easy sledding for you all – for one thing you have been able to keep all your clothes on.” The chapter members had a good laugh at that. “But that was then; this is now. I want you all to strip. Right now.”

With the sorority members looking on, the ten pledges sheepishly began unbuttoning and unzipping. “Shoes and socks, too. Just pile everything on the floor next to you.”

Lily, Emma, and Billie looked at each other and nervously shrugged. All three slipped their shoes off, then their socks. Next came their tops – Lily had a button-up blouse that she slid down her arms and off; Emma and Billie both had light sweaters that they slipped their arms out of before pulling them over their heads, and then off went the under-shirts as well. Lily looked down the line and saw that all ten of the pledges were now down to their bras and panties. Lots of hooting and clapping from the members. And lots of red faces on the pledges, realizing that anyone walking by outside could see them in their underwear.

“Well, don’t stop now, strip off those undies. Right down to bare skin.” The pledges all hesitated, very aware of the open windows behind them. “I’m not gonna tell you again, you’ve got thirty seconds to get naked. I mean it!”

This got the ten pledges in motion, and they were soon all bare-ass naked with their backs facing the open windows. Lots more hooting and clapping from the sorority members, which scared the pledges because they were afraid the noise would attract attention. And, indeed, a small gathering of boys and girls was starting to form on the front sidewalk, attracted by the noise from inside the sorority house. The boys were particularly excited by the sight of ten bare butts lined up in full view through the windows.

The pledges instinctively brought their hands back to try to shield the view of their behinds, but Alyssa was not having any of that. “Get your hands away from your fannies! All of you, raise your arms and clasp your hands behind your heads. No exceptions, do it now!” All ten reluctantly bared their behinds.

Emma, Lily, and Billie ended up at one end of the line-up, and as luck would have it, that’s the end that Alyssa decided to start with. “Enema (each of the pledges had been given a distasteful nickname for the pledge period), take three big steps forward.” Emma stepped forward, keeping her hands in place behind her head. Stepping forward felt like doubling her embarrassment; she was being singled out.

However, Emma certainly had nothing to be ashamed of. She had truly beautiful tits; they looked like C-cups with almost no sag. Creamy colored skin with vivid pink nipples and areolas jutting forward. All of the other pledges were immediately jealous.

“Shoulders back.” She did, which forced her tits forward even more. “We would all like to hear about those tits, Enema.”

Emma wasn’t sure how to answer that. “Um. . .my bra size is 36-C. I’m not sure what else you want to know.”

“Who was the last boy to suck on those very pink and prominent nipples?”

“Um. . .a boy named James, who I broke up with about two months ago.”

“And no sucking or caressing since then?”

“No.”

“You mean, aside from masturbating, don’t you?”

“I. . .I guess so.” Emma blushed furiously. The sorority members all snickered and applauded.

“Okay, Enema, now let’s have an inspection down south. Aha! I suppose you thought that because you’re a genuine blonde you didn’t have to shave that pussy. Well, you were wrong, I want all pussies clean-shaven, starting right now. Do I have a volunteer to shave Enema’s pussy?”

One of the chapter members raised her hand with a big smile. Alyssa said, “Okay, Molls, grab some shave cream and a razor and get to it.” The girl ran giggling toward the kitchen.

“Enema, while she’s getting ready for your shave, let’s have a look at your ass.” She walked around Emma to get a good look at her rear; then she reached into her pocket and produced an oversized felt-tip marker and drew a large red circle on each of Emma’s cheeks. “This fat ass is too big. It’s disgusting!” Which was a deliberate and humiliating overstatement, considering that Emma possessed a nice normal-sized butt.

But Alyssa wouldn’t let up. She gave each cheek a jiggle. “Look at that jello wiggle! Enema, you have four days to get this ass into shape or I will pound it with a paddle until you scream. Understand?”

“Yes, sister.” Emma, who had up to now had kept cool under pressure, was on the verge of tears. She was no longer standing erect and looking confident. Her knees were buckling, and her face was beet red from embarrassment.

“Ah, here comes Molly with her shave cream and razor. Now straighten up, then spread your legs at least three feet apart.”

Emma obeyed, and Molly approached with the shaving implements and said, “Stand still if you don’t want to fuck this up.” She then proceeded to give Emma’s pubic hair a thorough shave, then wiped it down with a washcloth that had been soaked in alcohol and kept in the freezer. The freezing cold alcohol elicited a pitiful scream from Emma. Molly laughed, “There you go, bald as a baby! Feels much sexier, don’t you think?”

Emma was fully sobbing by now, but she got out, “Yes, sister. Thank you, sister.”

Alyssa had one final humiliation in mind. She announced, “Pledges, we wouldn’t want to let any of you depart for the day without getting a good taste of the discipline you can expect if you were to get out of line during The Final. Bethann will now demonstrate”

Bethann, one of the chapter members, then stepped forward with a wood sorority paddle. She addressed Emma, “Enema, lean forward and grab your ankles.” Emma immediately obeyed, and in doing so caught a glance out one of the windows, where the crowd had grown to about twenty, mostly boys. Before she could even react, Bethann delivered a hard stinging wallop to her butt. Emma gasped and cried out, “OWWW!”

Bethann said, “Was that gratitude I heard, pledge?”

Emma responded, “Thank you, sister.”

“That’s what I thought you said. You may return to the line now.”

Emma stepped back into line, which elicited another round of shouting and applause from the crowd on the sidewalk outside. The pledges all winced and took deep breaths; could they all really withstand this humiliating exposure, even though their faces were turned away from the viewers?

Alyssa announced, “Okay, next victim. Willy, take a step forward.”

Lily tried not to look intimidated as she took three steps forwarded with her hands behind her head and her shoulders back. She heard giggles and whispers from the DBD sisters. Alyssa got right to it. “Well, we are certainly not impressed with those titties, Willy!” She took out her giant felt tip markers again and drew red circles around Lily’s areolas. “It would be charitable to call them B-cups, I think.”

“Yes, sister. Thank you, sister.”

“Your coochie is better, smooth as a baby’s bum, and it looks a little swollen and moist. You must be enjoying this humiliation, is that right, Willy?”

“No, sister, not at all. I’m not enjoying it.”

“Maybe we should show the outside onlookers your sexy little cunt, what do you think? Just turn around to face outdoors? Would that be exciting for you?”

“Oh, no, that would not be exciting, Please don’t ask me to do that!”

“Maybe a little later, pledge. Let me have a peek at your fanny.” Alyssa stepped around near the windows to get a good view of Lily’s butt. “Hmm. Barely acceptable. Do not let that ass get any plumper, or you will be wearing a very uncomfortable buttplug for a couple of days.”

“Yes, sister. Understood, sister.” Lily took this threat seriously; she had only tried a buttplug once and found it excruciatingly painful, as her anus was very tight.

Alyssa was ready to dismiss Lily. “Bethann, let’s give Willy here a good painful sendoff to The Finals before we move on to our next pledge.”

Bethann smiled as she maneuvered behind Lily. “Pledge, bend forward and grab your ankles.” Lily snuck a glance out the window, as Emma had done. Her knees buckled. The next thing she knew was an intense stinging pain as the paddle found its target with a loud SMACK! “Waaaw!” was all she could manage.

This process went on for the rest of the pledges until all ten were thoroughly humiliated and paddled. Two more of the pledges were found to have some pubic hair growth, and it was publicly shaved, just as Emma’s had been. Both of those girls were trembling and crying before Alyssa was done with them. After the last paddling, Alyssa ordered the window shades closed, which elicited a groan of protest from the mostly-boy crowd outside.

Alyssa addressed the group again. “How’s that for a morning warm-up? I know that all of the sisters enjoyed that, not to mention the crowd outside.” The pledges all reddened even deeper after that reminder, all still completely naked and with their reddened bare butts only now shielded from the street. “Before we break up this fun little party, here are the rules for The Finals. Listen closely and memorize them, because disobeying the rules of The Finals will result in VERY HUMILIATING punishments! Is that understood?”

The pledges reacted loudly, “Yes, sister.”

“Rule One. On weekdays, you are all to report to this room at 5:30pm to receive your instructions for that evening’s activities. From Friday afternoon through Sunday evening, you are to remain at the sorority house, including sleeping here.

“Rule Two. All of the sisters in this room will be testing you constantly. You are to listen to a sister’s instructions carefully and carry out her instructions without question and without hesitation.

“Rule Three. We want to be sure that you desperately desire to join this sorority and are not pursuing membership as a lark or as a status symbol. Toward that end, we will be requiring you to submit to some painful and humiliating exercises every day, in and out of the house and during classes. In order to exhibit your commitment to sisterhood, you are to submit to those exercises without question and without hesitation. Doing so will result in punishments, and these will not be pleasant.

“Rule Four. Delta Beta Delta has a longstanding close relationship with our brother fraternity, Psi Kappa Alpha, and we expect our pledges to maintain close and friendly relationships with their members and their pledges, just as they will maintain close and friendly relationships with our members and pledges. Their pledge period runs parallel to ours, so their pledges will be going through their final week of pledging at the same time you are. There may be some pledge functions that you and the PSA boys will be required to participate in together. Do so without question and without hesitation.”

Having finished with the rules, Alyssa directed the pledges to divide up into their smaller groups and receive instructions from their pledge captains. Lily, Emma, and Billie were met by Erika, their pledge captain. Erika had short auburn hair, about 5’-3”, and a physical build. Emma imagined her to be on the swim team perhaps. She was a senior and had been a pledge captain in the previous year. It was an activity she truly enjoyed, watching the new pledges endure the same – or maybe more severe – treatment she had endured.

Erika addressed her three pledges with a slight scowl on her face. “Girls, we’re ramping you up slowly, so today will be a bit easier on you than the remainder of the week. Now, strip off everything you are wearing above the waist, including your bras.” All three pledges hesitated momentarily. “Now! I haven’t got all day!”

Lily, Emma, and Billie got to work removing their tops and their bras. They were instructed to put those in paper bags and write their names on the outside in crayons. Then, Erika gave each one a pink tee shirt that was silk-screened with the name and emblem of Delta Beta Delta in white. The first thing the pledges noticed was that these shirts were all at least one size too small, so their breasts were showing prominently. “Now, here are your lanyards to wear for the day.” She gave each of them a 3x5 square white badge attached to a lightweight chain. Their chains were adjusted so that the tops of the badges hung just below the necklines of the tee shirts.

The badges all said: I’M A DBD PLEDGE. PLEASE RATE MY TITS.

The pledges were crestfallen. This was an easy day?

Erika continued, “Do not remove your lanyards at any time, and here is a clipboard for each of you, with a paper pad attached. You are to seek out and solicit opinions from the boys you see during the course of the day, whether it is in class, walking in between classes, during lunch, whatever. Be pleasant and sexy, and happily engage in conversation with them and answer any questions they may have, including embarrassing ones.

“Do not pal up with any other girls; spend the entire day solo, finding and chatting with boys about your boobies. They may discuss your tits but not touch them. You may touch your tits, but not the boys. One of the DBD sisters will be watching each of you most of the time throughout the day to make sure (a) that you are not hiding, (b) that you are being pleasant and sexy, and (c) that the boys are keeping their hands to themselves.

“Each boy you Date should give your titties a rating of 1 to 5, with 5 being super sexy and 1 being fuhgeddaboudit. You will notice graphs on your paper pads with spaces for them to write their names next to their titty ratings. At 5:30 when you return to the sorority house, your scores will be added up. The ten pledges will each have their total ratings announced. Prizes and punishments will be awarded. And keep in mind, you are going for a grand total of your ratings, not an average. So the more boys you get is just as important as how sexy your tits are. Got it?”

“Um.” “Uh.” “Yeah.”

“Now go forth and be embarrassed DBD girls! Not embarrassing DBD girls! Remember, we’ll be watching you!”

Lily and her pledge partners drifted out into the bright morning and parted ways. Lily looked down at her chest and was embarrassed to see her smallish breasts graphically outlined by her tight tee shirt, and the bottom hem rode up well above the top of her jeans, exposing her navel. It would be very obvious to anyone that she was not wearing a bra. She tucked her clipboard under her left arm and crossed her right arm over her breasts to try to retain some degree of dignity. However, after walking about a block, she realized that she was going to have to uncover and get started if she wanted to even come close to winning this little game. She had about eight hours to collect as many signatures and ratings as possible. Being timid was not going to make it. She dropped both arms, pulled her shoulders back, and tilted her head up for the sexiest visual impact.

Lily soon Dateed two male students walking toward her. Even at half a block, they immediately dropped their jaws and got into the game. “Now, there’s a tight little pair if ever I saw one!” “You proud of those little titties, are you?”

Lily immediately reddened but kept her composure. “These are mine, all right! I know they’re small, but they make it up in sexiness. Would you like to enter your name and rate my boobs here on my pad?” The two boys both did so. After they left, Lily looked at their ratings: both had entered “3”. On the 1 to 5 scale, not great, but not awful either. She was going to have to get A LOT of ratings in order to avoid coming it dead last when all the pledges are totaled.

At the next corner, Lily noticed a group of three boys and marched right into their conversation, smiling and thrusting forward. “Hi, boys, how ya doing this morning?”

“Whoa! What have we here? Are those tits or swollen mosquito bites?” They all got a big laugh out of that.

Lily was unfazed. “So, would you all like to rate my boobs?”

“How are we going to rate them if we can’t see them?” More laughter.

Lily gulped. “Well, how about this?” she said, and with that she reached up under her tee shirt and started pinching her nipples, which up to now had been retracted in humility and barely noticeable. She continued to pinch to perk them up, and the nubs began to poke noticeably forward. The boys were impressed, both by her moxie and by the now-ample size of her nipples. Their ratings were “4”, “3”, and “4”. Lily was heartened but also a bit concerned, knowing now that she was going to have to spend the rest of the day pinching her nipples in front of strange boys. By the time the game was over, she had 26 signatures, but all of her ratings ran in the “2”, “3”, and “4” range, and not many “4”s.

Lily arrived back at the sorority house just before 5:30 and handed her clipboard to Erika. Emma and Billie had already arrived. Lily was anxious to discover what ratings her pledge group girls had received, but she was disappointed when they told her that they both had mostly “4”s and “5”s. Billie even related that she skipped one class in order to meet more boys. This was a tactic that hadn’t occurred to Lily.

Alyssa announced to the full group of pledges that it was dinner time, and the pledges were to report to the basement for their meals, dressed just as they were. In the basement, the pledges found box lunches with PB&J sandwiches, carrot sticks, and small bottles of water. They were given 20 minutes to eat, then they were called back into their three pledge groups, all still in the basement. In Lily’s group, Erika gave each of the girls the paper bags from that morning, containing their tops and bras. “You’re all over-dressed. Remove your lanyards and tee shirts. Then remove the rest of your clothes until you are completely naked. All of your clothes should be deposited in your paper bags. Keep your arms to your sides, no covering up.”

All three pledges were well past embarrassment by now, so they stripped without hesitation. Lily, Emma, and Billie looked around, and all ten pledges were now completely exposed and standing barefoot on the cold basement floor. Alyssa appeared on the stairs and announced, “We have totaled up your boob ratings, and here are the highlights. The highest total ratings were for BJ.” This was Billie, so a small cheer went up from Billie, Emma, and Lily.

“The lowest total ratings were for Nasty.” This was Natalie, in one of the other pledge groups. She was thin and extremely pretty, about 5’-8”, with beautiful brown hair down to her waist. Her breasts were unimpressive – only a little smaller than Lily’s – and her butt was tight and a little bubbly.

“Last place was close. Nasty was only one point less than Willy.” Lily breathed a sigh of relief. She surmised that the only reason she didn’t come in last was because she did the nipple squeezes.

“Now we’re going to line you up from highest score to lowest. BJ, get over here on the right. Nasty, over here on the left. Willy, right next to Nasty – you’re both pathetic booby salesmen.” Alyssa proceeded to arrange the ten pledges in the line, from best to worst. Emma was about in the middle.

The pledge captains went about distributing boxes to each of the pledges. Alyssa announced, “In these boxes are your costumes for tonight. We’re going to have a lingerie show, and we have invited several boys from Psi Kappa Alpha to the show, so we’re counting on you to be our entertainment for the evening.

All ten of the pledges gulped hard. They had already spent the whole day promoting their breasts to strange boys on campus. Now they were going to be even more exposed to the brother fraternity boys for several hours.

“You can open your boxes now and put on your lingerie.” Lily was afraid to look. She pulled out a very skimpy bra and thong set. Both pieces were black lace that was just as transparent as it was opaque. The tiny bra had string straps and fastened in the back and behind her neck. The thong had a small triangle to cover her vulva and another smaller triangle for the top of her ass-crack.

Lily glanced over at Natalie, who was in tears. Her lingerie set was practically nonexistent. It was flesh colored and made from thin satin-like material. Just tiny triangles for her nipples – which appeared to have bright areolas that showed around the edges of her “pasties”. The bottoms were just a tiny triangle for her vulva and nothing at all covering her butt. She was as good as naked, and Lily was sure that she was deeply dreading appearing for the fraternity boys.

Lily checked down the line in the other direction. All of the pledges were wearing very revealing lingerie, but it was obvious that the best performers that day were going to be the least exposed for the evening. BJ was wearing a pleated babydoll that barely contained her sizeable breasts. Emma had a very revealing red teddy.

Alyssa continued, “For the next several hours, you are to help us host the Psi Kappa Alpha boys by modeling your lingerie, fetching drinks and snacks, and engaging in conversations whenever you are invited by one of them or one of us. The boys will surely appreciate your fashions, but they are not permitted to touch you.

Lily, Emma, and Billie exchanged glances, then followed Alyssa out the back door, where the outdoor porch had been set up with lounges, chairs, tables, a bar, and a buffet. About a dozen of the sorority girls were already welcoming the seven or eight fraternity boys, and the pledges got right to work, taking drink and food orders and giving private fashion shows to each grouping of girls and boys. Although some of the pledges were more covered than others, all of them were burning with embarrassment to be so exposed outdoors and intimately close to this group of boys.

The boys were well behaved for the most part, but they had been primed by the sorority girls to ask rather personal and revealing questions to test the pledges’ resolve. So, after a couple of hours of embarrassing conversations, the pledges were praying that this party was going to wrap up soon. No such luck, however, as Alyssa announced the special events for the evening.

“Everyone, let me have your attention. These ten pledges spent the day today having their boobs ogled and rated by strange boys on campus. This was an exercise to test their vanity and their self-confidence. Some of them did pretty well, and some of them not so good. Getting poor booby ratings indicates shyness and low self-esteem and cannot go uncorrected. We had determined to assign a punishment to the one pledge who had the lowest ratings, but today, while there was one girl with the lowest rating, there was another girl who was only one point above her, so we have determined that both of these pledges should be punished tonight. Their punishments are designed to humiliate them to the point that they try harder for the remainder of the pledge period.”

Lily froze. She had been hoping that this lingerie mixer was going to wrap up for the night, and now it turns out that she is to be one of the main attractions. She stole a glance at Natalie, who was staring at Alyssa in disbelief.

“So, let’s get started with the evening’s main attractions, Willie and Nasty. Our runner-up lowest pledge is Willie here, and we will start with her. Nasty, please move to the side until your turn comes.”

Lily was frightened and slightly trembling. Even though she was not actually naked, she was barely covered at all. And she was the center of attention for a group of twelve girls and eight boys.

Alyssa continued, “Willy, your poor performance today indicates to us that you need to apply yourself more. So we have a little exercise in mind for you to prove your commitment and your daring. Your assignment is to achieve an orgasm for the viewing and amusement of the group here. Sound like fun?”

Lily was temporarily speechless, but recovered, “Um. . .you mean. . .I need to mastur. . .masturbate in front of everyone?!”

“You figured it out, all right! Except we didn’t want to make it too easy for you. Erika, come into the circle and help get Willie ready for her performance.”

Erika stepped up behind Lily with a length of rope in her hands. “Willy put your hands behind your back.” Lily was mystified, but she obeyed, and Erika tied her hands together behind her back.

Alyssa then got to the gist of the punishment. “Willy, we all want to watch you get yourself off WITHOUT USING YOUR HANDS. I’m sure you are already good at this. How often have you rubbed one out with a pillow between your legs?”

No response from Lily.

“Willie, pay attention! Haven’t you ever rubbed a pillow into your cute little clit to get an orgasm?”

“Uh, I guess so, sister.”

“I thought so. Let’s get to work! We can’t wait to see how creative you can be, giving yourself an orgasm. Oh, and one more thing. We’re keeping a timer going, and we expect you to achieve the Big O within the first five minutes. If it takes you longer than five minutes, you will start racking up spanking points. Got it, Willy?”

“Yes, sister.” Was there really any way she could give herself an orgasm in five minutes?

“Say it, Willy. You will get spanked.”

“I will get spanked, sister.”

“Annnd. . .GO! Start the clock.”

Lily panicked for a second, unsure where to go first. She cast her eye around the porch, looking for something to rub onto. She spotted a sofa with a soft upholstered back, and she ran over to it and quickly straddled the back, with one leg over the front and the other leg over the back. She started grinding her clitoris into the upholstery as fast and hard as she could without the use of her hands. It was harder than she thought, partly because she was painfully aware that she was nearly naked outdoors in front of a crowd. After about a minute of this sofa rubbing, she began to realize she was not going to get to the finish line this way, even with her eyes closed.

Lily was tightly in between two fraternity boys on the sofa, and they were enjoying this immensely. They didn’t specifically grope her, but her proximity to them, combined with her grinding motion, was causing a lot of bare skin contact, and they didn’t mind at all. Meanwhile, Lily’s less-than-successful performance was being razzed by all of the fraternity and sorority members present, with a lot of rude comments.

“Just sit on my lap, girl.”

“My fingers are available, Willy.”

“Right here, sit on my face. Right here.”

Lily was panicking, but she was trying to focus on the task at hand. She climbed down off the sofa and looked around for another perch. The boys were all wearing shorts, and it occurred to her that a boy’s bare knee might be just the thing to get her where she needed to be. She chose the sexiest guy she could spot – he looked like an athlete, maybe a runner because of his muscular thighs. Without even asking, she pried his legs apart with her legs and sat down on his right knee.

He was surprised but grateful. “Well, hello there, sexy! We haven’t met – my name’s Jim. And you’re Willy, right?” She nodded. “I’m thinking we should at least kiss first. Gimme a big wet one, right on the lips!” She leaned forward for the kiss, and he pulled her in for a full, wet tongue penetration. As humiliating as this was, she discovered that leaning forward got the most friction on her clitoris, and she immediately started to grind forward and back. But with her hands tied, she couldn’t slide and balance herself at the same time.

Lily heard Alyssa announce, “One minute remaining! I see a spanking in her future!”

Lily was desperate. She broke off the kiss, looked Jim in the eye, and said, “Help me here. You know I need to orgasm. Grab my hips and move me up and back on your leg.”

Jim could see how desperate she was, but he couldn’t let her off too easily. He decided to play with her a little first. “Let’s see, how does this go again, Willy? In and out? Is that it? In and out? Do I need to get a condom?”

“No! No condom! Just slide me on your leg, and I’ll try to grind one out! Please, Jim! Help me out!”

Jim was really enjoying this. “Help YOU out? I mean, I’m getting a stiffy here, maybe we should be helping EACH OTHER out! Whadda ya say?”

“No! I can’t do that here! I just want your leg right now. You look like a nice guy, gimme a break. PLEASE!”

“Okay, sugar, let’s go. Hang on now.” With that, he grabbed her hips with both hands and pulled her closer to him, so that she was midway along his thigh, and her right knee rubbed up against his penis, which was very engorged by this time. He began to pull and push her along his thigh, and he could feel her knee rubbing his penis in the same rhythm.

Alyssa announced, “Time has expired, so you’re into spanking time now. You better get to that orgasm pretty quick, Willy, because the longer it takes for you to cum, the more spanks you’re gonna get!”

Lily closed her eyes and tried to block out everything except her clit. The muscular thigh was working like she hoped it would; she was heating up, but Jim was going just a bit too slow to get her fully buzzed.

“Faster. Faster, pleeeeease!” Cheering from the crowd. Lily was dying of shame.

Jim took pity on the poor girl and sped things up, and in no time, he felt himself literally cumming in his pants. After another minute or so, Lily could feel her orgasm build, then explode. “Ahhhhh! AHHHH! I’m cumming!” she exclaimed, temporarily forgetting that she was already the center of attention. Applause and cheering all around.

Lily was fully spent and completely humiliated. She quickly got up off Jim’s leg and shakily stepped back into the center of the porch. Alyssa proclaimed, “Okay, stop the clock! It took you too long, Willy. You were 90 seconds over the five-minute limit. You get one spank for every five seconds, so you have just earned 18 spanks! There are eight fraternity brothers present, and I’m sure they would all appreciate the opportunity to spank your firm and delicious little fanny, wouldn’t you, boys?!”

“Yes!”

“Affirmative!”

“Oh, yeah!”

“Okay, well, Lily, they all seem to be disposed to give your ass some good slaps, isn’t that nice of them?”

All Lily could think to say was, “Yes, sister, it is.”

“And since Jim was courteous and patient enough to allow his knee to be used for your little masturbation exhibition, let’s start with him. Jim, untie Willy’s hands now.” Jim got up and walked over to Lily to untie her hands; then he sat back down to see what was next.

“Lily, I want you down on all fours!” Lily dropped down to hands and knees, wondering how this was going to play out. “Now plead with Jim to give you a spanking.”

Lily just wanted to get this over with, so she found herself crawling up between Jim’s knees. “Jim, would you be kind enough to give me a spanking, please?”

Alyssa would not let up. “And explain why you are being punished, Willy.”

“I deserve a spanking for taking too long to masturbate to orgasm.”

Jim was all smiles at this point, as he directed Lily to crawl up onto his lap with her practically bare butt sticking straight up.

Alyssa directed him to give her two very hard spanks. He willingly complied. WHACK! “Oww!” WHACK! “OMG, OWWW!”

Lily’s ass was stinging, and everyone was laughing and jeering at her situation. Alyssa directed Lily to get back on hands and knees and crawl from one boy to the next, where she once again had to plead for her spanks before crawling up onto their laps for two painful spanks each. Most of the fraternity boys took some extra time between spanks to feel up her mostly bare butt – just one more humiliation that Lily had to endure to get to the end of her punishment. By the time the fraternity boys were done, Lily’s ass was practically glowing bright red, and the intense sting was almost more than she could bear.

But there were still two spanks remaining, and Alyssa was more than happy to deliver them herself. She stood at one end of the porch, legs slightly parted, and ordered Lily to crawl over to her and then stand up in front of her. Lily’s very bright red ass was noticeable to all as she stood in front of Alyssa.

“Alright, Willy, now bend forward until your head is down between my legs.” Lily bent down very low from the waist, which stretched the skin on her butt and increased her discomfort, even though Alyssa’s legs were very long. Alyssa then brought her legs closer together, trapping Lily’s head between her thighs. Alyssa then directed Erika to grab Lily’s hands, pull them forward, and hold them there, forcing Lily’s head to stay planted between her legs.

“Willy, spread your legs until your feet are at least three feet apart.” Lily found this difficult, bent forward with her head and arms held in place, but she eventually got her legs spread shamefully far apart. All of the sorority and fraternity folks were really enjoying this, particularly now that they were well lubricated from the drinks that the pledges were serving.

Alyssa, smiling but silent, allowed this pose to be held for a couple of minutes in silence. Then Alyssa’s hands came down in two smacks, one left and one right, and Lily felt a jolt when Alyssa’s hands strategically happened to catch her vagina with their swats. A great cheer went up from the guests. Lily was then released from her punishment.

Lily got out, “Thank you, sister.”

Alyssa directed Lily to remain on the porch, but the humiliation was too much for her to bear, and she ran inside to get dressed and go back to the safety of her dorm.

Alyssa was ready to start the grand finale. “And the final event of the evening is the prize for getting the lowest boob rating total. I think of it as the Booby Prize! Nasty, come to the center of the porch, please!”

Natalie timidly stepped to the center, and she was met there by Deb, who was her group’s pledge captain. Deb brought with her a bright red exercise mat and laid it on the porch floor.

“Nasty, you were the poorest performer in today’s exercise, and as such you must face the consequences. You just witnessed Willy working hard to get herself off. Your exercise is actually easier. All you have to do is lie down on this mat and let all of US get YOU hot. How’s that sound?”

Natalie knew this was not going to be that simple, but she had to go along. “Just fine, thank you, sister.” She dropped down and laid face up on the mat.

Alyssa moved things along. “Put both arms over your head, and these two fine gentlemen will hold them there for you.” Natalie stretched her arms up until they touched the floor above her head, and she felt her wrists get held down by some pretty strong hands. She looked up to see two fraternity boys kneeling there, holding her wrists.

“Say thank you to Jordan and Tiger, Nasty.”

“Thank you, Jordan. Thank you, Tiger.”

Jordan replied, “Hey, we’ve already got a pretty good view from here.” He was obviously very interested in those bright pink nipples.

“I’ll bet you do,” said Alyssa. “Now let’s have two more gentlemen securing your ankles.”

Natalie saw two more fraternity boys kneel down by her feet and each grab one of her ankles. The pledges were barefoot for this party, so her feet were already totally exposed, which worried Natalie a bit, considering the position she was in now.

“Say thank you to Jamie and Matt.”

“Thank you, Jamie. Thank you, Matt.”

“Oh, Nasty, I forget to check – you’re not ticklish, are you?”

OMG, thought Natalie, she was incredibly ticklish, almost everywhere on her body. And almost all of her skin was exposed right now. “Yes, sister, I am.”

“Well, that’s great, ‘cause we were thinking it might be kind of fun to get you warmed up for this next exercise by checking out some of your most ticklish spots! Let’s get this little party started!”

With that, two sorority sisters came over and knelt down on either side of Natalie. They both had huge grins and long fingernails, and they looked eager to use them on Natalie’s bare skin. They decided to start by going lightly on her underarms, and Natalie was immediately screaming with laughter.

After a few minutes, they moved to her sideboobs and found those to be very sensitive also. Natalie was gasping for breath. They worked on the sideboobs for a couple of minutes, then attacked her stomach and navel, which was equally successful in eliciting screams from the pledge. Next stop was her inner thighs, and for that, they asked Jamie and Matt to pull Natalie’s ankles farther apart and turn her feet outward, which exposed her inner thighs to the maximum. Natalie had never been tickled there before, and she was immediately laughing and screaming to the light touches of the fingernails down there. Even more, the fingernails on her inner thighs were turning her on a little bit, and she felt her vagina getting moist.

The party crowd was also getting a little turned on, watching this pledge getting tortured right in front of them, almost naked, and outdoors on the porch. They were cheering on the two ticklers, hoping for louder and more desperate screaming.

It was now time to check out Natalie’s feet, which she had been dreading. Jamie and Matt rotated her feet back up and then moved to the sides to allow the two sorority girls access to the soles of her feet. There, they struck gold. Just a simple swipe from heel to toe had Natalie screaming with laughter once again, and she was soon alternating laughing and panting for breath as the girls worked on her toes.

At this point, Alyssa called a time out. “Okay, let’s pause and give our victim time to catch her breath. Nasty, don’t forget to thank Shauna and Kate for being such good ticklers.”

Panting, Natalie got out, “Thank you, sisters, for being such good ticklers.”

Alyssa then added, “Let’s use this pause in the action to introduce a fun little kink to the exercise. What I have here in my hand is a device known as a remote vibe.” Natalie caught her breath. This can’t be happening.

Alyssa continued, “I am going to introduce this vibe to Nasty’s clit and vagina so that we can play with her for a bit.” With that, she knelt down and smiled sweetly at Natalie. “You’re going to just love this, honey.” Natalie felt the string from her thong being pulled to one side and the vibe slipped into her. The vibe had a large end for her vagina and a small end for her clit. It was quiet at the moment, but Natalie could easily anticipate what this device was capable of. Then, she felt her thong being returned to its correct position, covering the vibe.

“How does that feel, Nasty? Pretty sexy, I’ll bet.”

“Y - yes, sister, it feels very sexy. Thank you.” Natalie gritted her teeth.

Alyssa continued, “I think I’ll take the first test run with this pledge.” With that she put her finger on the touch screen of the remote control and slid it upwards. This had its desired effect – Natalie muttered, “Oh, uh, uh,” and she subconsciously raised her hips upward as she felt the vibe begin to buzz inside her vagina.

“You’re feeling that, aren’t you, Nasty?”

“Yes, sister, thank you, sister.”

“How much do you think you can take, pledge? Let’s see.” With that, her finger moved upwards a bit more. Natalie groaned and raised her hips even more as the vibe drove harder into her vagina. The boys holding her wrists and ankles had to get a tighter grip to hold her down. Alyssa kept the vibe going at the higher level for a couple of minutes, and Natalie could feel her vagina getting hotter and wetter.

Natalie’s eyes closed and she groaned a guttural, “Arrhhhhh,” and she felt her sex response begin to kick in. Alyssa noticed and announced to the party crowd, “Everyone, notice that Nasty’s getting pretty hot from our vibe. Let’s see how long she can continue with this until she orgasms for our entertainment.” Alyssa pushed the control up one more notch, and Natalie felt herself begin to ramp up to orgasm. The party crowd was really getting into this, laughing and cheering her on.

“You can do it, Nasty!”

“Cum for us, Nasty!”

Natalie tried to put the crowd out of her mind and get to her orgasm as quickly as she could – assuming that her torture would be over once she orgasmed. She focused entirely on her vagina and could feel her orgasm about to release, when. . .

It stopped. Alyssa had shut off the vibe just as she was about to explode. Natalie’s eyes popped open, and she raised her head and cried, “Huh??!! What??!!”

“Nasty, dear, did you think we were going to let you off – or GET you off – so quickly? We still have hours of fun ahead of us, edging you as many times as we like. And you are such a wild woman before you orgasm that we may be doing this quite a few more times!”

Natalie collapsed in disbelief. More edging?!

Alyssa continued, “We want to give you a little break between edgings, so let’s switch back over to the tickling exercise!”

Natalie groaned but immediately felt fingernails making circles on the soles of her feet. She burst out laughing and screaming, “Noooo! Noooooo! No feet, please! Anywhere else! No feet!”

All of the party attendees were getting a huge laugh out of watching Natalie get tickle tortured. Shauna and Kate went right back to work on her feet and kept it up for five minutes, with Natalie screeching throughout.

Alyssa inquired, “So Nasty, are you ready to pause the tickling and return to the edging? You seem to be enjoying both so much!”

Natalie was totally out of breath, so she nodded enthusiastically.

“What was that, pledge? I couldn’t hear you.”

“Y-yes!”

“Yes, what, dear?”

“I want the edging, please.” She had never imagined this much humiliation.

“Okay, well you may soon be sorry you asked for that! But let’s get to it! Y’know, it looks like your four handlers could use a little refreshment. How about it, boys?” They all nodded, “Oh, yeah, please.” Alyssa said, “Pledges, bring these young heroes some beer, and be quick about it!”

The next thing Natalie saw was four of her fellow pledges delivering mugs of beer to Jordan, Tiger, Jamie, and Matt. The girls’ faces all showed pity for her, but also relief that it was not them getting edged and tickle-tortured. As Natalie looked around, she saw everyone having a great time – except her, of course.

Without warning, Alyssa cranked up the vibe once again, and Natalie clutched and arched her back, straining at the boys’ holds on her wrists and ankles. Like before, Alyssa gradually increased the intensity until Natalie was approaching her ramp up to orgasm, but this time, Alyssa added the clitoris vibe, which sent Natalie writhing and even higher and groaning even louder. After a couple of minutes of vibing both her vagina and her clitoris, Natalie was now covered in sweat. She was at the edge of orgasm, when once again, the vibe was stopped by Alyssa, who cackled at Natalie’s plight.

“Noooo!” groaned Natalie.

“Aww! Didn’t quite make it, did you, dear?”

“P-please, sister. I need to cum. Please let me cum.”

“Let’s cool you off with a little more tickling.” Shauna and Kate attacked again, this time to her inner thighs again. Natalie was screaming hysterically after five minutes of this, so much so that she didn’t even notice when one of her wrist handlers – Tiger – surreptitiously reached down behind her neck and untied the string holding up her tiny bra.

Another five minutes of leg tickling was followed by another edging session. Once again, Natalie was quickly sweating and heaving around, and eventually her untied bra slowly slipped off her nipples, exposing her fully bare breasts to everyone at the party. Natalie was too turned on to notice, but once the vibe was switch off – again, just as she was about to cum – she looked down and noticed to her horror that her breasts were now completely uncovered.

“My nipples! Please, my nipples! No bra!”

“Well, Nasty, I don’t know. If you can’t keep yourself covered up, then you’ll just have to live with the exposure. We’ll talk about getting you dressed again once we’re done with this fun little edging and tickling game.”

Natalie bit her lip. If this game went on much longer, she was going to absolutely die of shame.

Alyssa signaled for Shauna and Kate to attack once again. They immediately went after Natalie’s breasts with their light touch – her sideboobs, her underboobs, and her nipples. Natalie was really tossing and screaming now, so much that she could hardly breathe. Five minutes of breast tickling was making her hoarse from laughing. Shauna and Kate would not let up until the full five minutes expired. They were enjoying it too much.

Alyssa then switched on the vibe, and within minutes Natalie was begging once again, “Sister, I need to cum! Pleeeeease let me cum!”

“Hm. We’ll see.” Alyssa proceeded to play with her victim, adjusting the vibe up and down to bring Natalie repeatedly up the edge and then back down again. Natalie was practically insane and had long since forgotten that she was topless and that her humiliation was being witnessed by twelve sorority sisters, eight pledges, and eight fraternity boys. Alyssa gave her one final full-power vibe before shutting her off once again.

“OMG, NO! NO! I HAVE GOT TO CUM! PLEASE, SISTER, I’VE GOT TO CUM!”

“I just don’t think you’ve earned it, pledge. You did a shitty job of boob rating today, and I don’t think you have fully paid the price yet.”

“Yes, sister, but. . .”

“Tell you what I’ll do. I’ll have these frat boys let go of your wrists and ankles, so you’re not pinned down for the rest of the party. But. . .BUT. . .I want you to remain right here on the floor, and I do not want you touching your swollen pussy or covering your naked nipples. Just keep your hands at your side and legs apart until I release you to leave. Got it?”

“Yes, sister. Thank you, sister.”

This was the worst torture of the whole night. Natalie’s vagina was aching and tingling and desperately in need of relief. After all the edging she just endured, she was dying to plunge her hand into her vagina and rub off about five orgasms in quick succession. Her right hand was inches away from her vagina, but Alyssa forbade her from touching it, and she dared not give into her desperation. On top of that, her breasts were completely bare and being stared at and remarked upon by all of the party guests. It was everything Natalie could do to endure her forced exposure without crying in frustration.

After about thirty minutes, Alyssa released Natalie to go back inside. Once she got dressed, Natalie practically ran back home desperate to relieve her very swollen vagina. She vowed to never sluff off on another task again. All of the other pledges made the same vow.
