"THE AFTERMATH" 
(Or What Follows Next)
Chapter 2: "Waking up to Playtime"

This is story of erotic fiction meant for adult readers over the age of eighteen years 

Written By Jean-Christophe (Chris): June, 2009
"The characters and ideas contained in this story are the writer's and shouldn't be used without permission"

Chapter 2: "Waking Up to Playtime"

The first light of a new dawn filters through into the holding-pen as Toby stirs out of a short, fitful sleep. Dejected, he huddles alone, in a corner of the pen whilst the three, younger slaves sleep restlessly together in another corner.

Throughout the night, the three, young slaves have carefully avoided any contact with Toby; they're still showing the deference due to him as their master's steward. Even with their gags and wrists fastened behind their backs, they, at least, have had the warmth and comfort of one another's' bodies to soothe and calm them during night. However, for Toby there has been only a sense of utter isolation.

Toby has had a mainly sleepless night in which his anguished mind had tried to make sense out of what is happening to him. Why is he here? Why is his beloved master selling him? What has he done to displease his master? And what is to become of him?

As a slave he knows he isn't entitled to have these questions answered; a master is under no obligation to explain their actions to their slaves. A master's decision is final and it is incumbent on his slaves to accept any decision he makes for them.

Still Toby's troubled mind keeps asking, repeatedly, `WHY MASTER? WHY?'

During the lonely hours of the night, Toby thinks back over the long years of him faithfully serving his master, Andy. He recalls the night before last, lying in his master's arms, as Andy took pleasure in using his body. Happily he had suckled his master's cock to a full and rampant erection before opening his body to it.

After nearly twenty years, he has only vague memories of his life before he was enslaved. He does, however, have vivid memories of the day when he, his father and two older brothers were dragged from their home and delivered into the hands of a slave-dealer; for what reason, he doesn't know. He recalls his father's protests as they were stripped naked and examined by the indifferent slaver. He watched as the bodies of his father and eldest brother, aged seventeen, were shaved smooth and then strapped down over a bench for branding. 

To this day, in his imagination, he still smells the burning flesh and hears the sizzling sound as the mandatory letter `S' - for slave - was seared into their left flanks. Most of all, he still hears their agonised screams and futile pleas for mercy. He fully expected that his other brother and he would suffer the same fate.

However, it didn't happen and it was some time before he discovered that the slave laws prohibit the branding of juvenile slaves; they can only be branded when they reach maturity. In the interim, young, immature slaves wear an engraved neck collar denoting their current status as juvenile, unbranded slaves. Toby was branded with his `S' sometime in his fifteenth year. He is no longer aware of his birth date.

After the brandings, Toby was separated from his father and brothers and placed in a pen with several other boys; like him all were naked and collared. He never saw his father and brothers again. He was never to know that his father was sold as a heavy-duty, work slave or that his two brothers were sold to different owners as pleasure slaves.

Several days later, frightened and bewildered, he was taken out of the holding pen and sold to a middle-aged man who bought him as a birthday present for his ten year old son. The first weeks of his slavery were hard for the new, young slave. His young master delighted in tormenting him about his nakedness and lowly status.
 
Additionally, his master exercised a stern discipline and administered a caning to his young slave on the flimsiest of pretences. Toby wore a painful pattern of angry, red welts on his back, buttocks and thighs. Each night, chained to his pallet in the slave quarters and sleeping on his belly, Toby cried himself to sleep. Each morning he awoke with a sense of dread for the day ahead.

One day, as he was being caned by his young master, his cries attracted the attention of the old master who intervened on his behalf. He ordered the two boys, master and slave, to stand before him as he sternly instructed his son on the responsible management of slaves and how a slave's value could be ruined by an overuse of discipline. In turn he instructed the young slave of what was expected of him as a slave and of his responsibilities to his master.

In the months that followed the young Andy, under his father's tutelage, became more confident and assertive in the role of master; Toby, for his part, soon settled into his role of an obedient and loyal slave.

These thoughts are interrupted by the nearby sounds of murmuring, early morning moans and farting. He rightly recognises these as the stirrings of the newly, enslaved prisoners in the nearby pens.

Toby looks at the three, young slaves still fitfully asleep in an opposite corner of the pen. One is softly whimpering in his sleep. Another farts loudly and, in reflexive actions, his two companions move away from him.

Toby reflects that the three sleeping slaves are part of the last shipment bought by the old master shortly before his death. On arrival at the farm, all the slaves in this shipment had been skinned in accordance with the old master's wish that his slaves be circumcised. (Toby had been circumcised shortly after birth and consequently was spared this after his own enslavement). Then their pre-branding collars were fastened around their necks and they were allowed to rest for the next few days.

Once recovered, they were taken out into the fields and put to work. Each morning they were woken before dawn and laboured until after sunset; at sowing and harvesting times these hours were extended. This was their daily routine for 365 days a year and, as slaves, they weren't accorded any rest days or rewarded with time off to celebrate the numerous festivals and holidays observed by their master.

The years of unremitting, hard labour hardened their bodies and developed their impressive musculatures. Working without clothes, their skins darkened into a lustrous, chestnut brown and the hair of the two blonds had deepened to the colour of dark, golden honey. And, of course, on reaching maturity they were branded and fitted with their permanent slave collars.

As Toby looks at them, he is stirred out of his own misery and is overwhelmed with feelings of sympathy for them. This is a new sensation for Toby, who until now has never concerned himself with the feelings of his master's slaves. Previously, if he thought of the slaves at all, it was in the context that they were slaves whose role it is to serve his beloved master. Now, looking at them sleeping together, they look so young and vulnerable; sadly, he wonders what is to become of them.

Toby watches as they slowly wake and look around the pen. At first bewildered - it is few seconds before they recognise their surroundings - and then the memories of yesterday's events painfully return. Their eyes widen in fear and they huddle together in their corner.

Overcome with compassion, Toby moves in their direction.

Instinctively, they move away and draw their knees up to their chests as if to erect a physical barrier between themselves and their master's steward. Ignoring this, Toby gently pushes their knees down with his body and, unable to speak or to use his hands, he places his forehead on their shoulders or chests in a gesture of comfort and solidarity. He looks into their eyes and smiles through his gag. Gradually, the surprise in their eyes gives way to shy smiles. All three slaves respond to Toby's comforting gesture.

Now, with the barriers down, the four slaves relax and Toby, smiling broadly, uses his head to point to their raging erections vainly stabbing at the air in front of them. Cheekily, the black-haired slave reciprocates by inclining his head towards Toby's own hard, pulsating cock. All four slaves chuckle through their gags as they gaze down at their throbbing cocks.

Briefly, they share this moment of pleasure.

Their pleasure is soon shattered by the arrival of the two guards. Noisily, they crack their whips, and shout at the occupants of the pens to.

"WAKE UP!" GET UP ON YOUR FEET, NOW!"

Instantly, the sleepy slaves scramble to their feet and silently move to the front of their pens. There, they stand with their arms poking out through the bars into the passageway. Unsure of what is happening; Toby and his fellow slaves do likewise. He watches as two older slaves move along the pens thrusting two slave biscuits into the pleading, outstretched hands of each slave. Hungrily, these are soon eaten and then the slaves are then given water. This is the first of their two meals for the day. Now fed and watered, the slaves settle down to the boredom and inactivity of the slave-pens to await their evening meal.

With their bellies rumbling, Toby and his fellows hold out their hands, expectantly hoping for food and water. Their requests are ignored and one of the guards tells them.

"There's no food for you yet. You'll have to wait for the steward. Then you'll be fed and watered as part of your preparations. So just settle down and wait."

Toby notes the guard's comment about preparations. What is involved?

He is, of course, unaware of what is planned for him and the black-haired slave; of how Dave Matheson has arranged for them to be placed on display and subjected to inspection by prospective buyers. Before then, however, much work is to be done on him and his three slave companions.

In an effort to relieve their boredom; the three, younger slaves begin to jostle one another. Gently, at first, they use their shoulders in an attempt to knock each other sideways. Soon their energy levels build and they begin to push even harder.

Toby reflects that, possibly, it is because of this youthful exuberance they now find themselves in this situation. Was this the sort of behaviour that had annoyed their overseer and had led him to punish them? And in punishing them, hadn't he drawn them to his master's attention which resulted in them being sent to the slave-market? Toby now regrets that their natural spontaneity should be rewarded in such a manner. It seems so unfair.

Now the gentle pushing has turned to vigorous shoving. With their hands fastened behind their backs, the three slaves use their chests and shoulders to wrestle one another. Using their legs, they try to throw their opponents off balance. Toby watches the play of their muscles as their powerful bodies move around the pen. As they spread their legs wide to maintain their balance, Toby sees their balls, still bound by the leather strapping he had tied on them yesterday morning, swinging freely. 

The muscles of their powerful legs and thighs stretch and flex and Toby watches the clenching and unclenching of the firm globes of their muscular buttocks. Tantalisingly, Toby catches an occasional glimpse of a bright pink pucker winking at him. Toby's tumescence springs to life.

Suddenly, one of the blond slaves breaks free from the group and lunges himself at Toby in an effort to involve him. Toby's years as his master's steward have given him a natural reserve and, at first, he is reluctant to respond. However, the blond slave persists and soon Toby is pushing his body up against that of the other slave. Their bodies touch and Toby feels the soft tickle of the slave's chest hair against his skin. He pushes his own chest into that of his opponent and, as their bellies touch, their hard cocks cross swords and begin a vigorous dance. Toby's delight at the feeling of the strong, hard body pressing into his is plainly evident.

Now, the other two join them and Toby finds himself at the centre of the three young slaves as, good-naturedly, they try to jostle him to the floor. Inevitably, all four slaves find themselves in a scrum of bodies on the floor, each striving for supremacy over his fellows. Soon they are a heaving, struggling tangle of flexing legs and thrusting arses; all striving to be top dog.

For a few moments Toby's fear and despair give way to the pleasure and comfort that this unexpected body contact with his three, fellow slaves affords him.


Was it only yesterday that the slave-dealer, Dave Matheson had told their master, "Strangely enough, most slaves are resilient."?

They are interrupted by the crack of a whip and the command.

"ON YOUR FEET! NOW!"

Hurriedly, they disentangle their bodies and spring to their feet.

Waiting on the other side of the bars are the steward and his two assistant
slaves.



To be continued...............





