	Cheryl was having the time of her life. She'd gotten the idea from Mara's time in the Box two weeks ago, and it had taken her every day since to convince Ellen it could be made acceptable for the shop. Her original idea had been shut down immediately. Ellen hadn't been happy with Matt Tor pushing the rules by modeling his cock unto a pair of dildos and screwing Mara with them. If it had been anyone but him she might well have put a stop to it, perhaps even revoking their VIP access. As it was, she wasn't about to allow something similar on a grander scale. So, when Cheryl had first proposed having herself bound into a light-box and allowing customers to fuck her remotely via simulated copies of themselves, Ellen had outright dressed her down. It had been only the second time any of them had ever witnessed the even-natured and often mischievous woman do so to any of her employees, even the newbies who ultimately didn't make the cut. 
	On further consideration, Cheryl had to agree that she'd been woefully out of line with the original concept. Ellen's Delights was not a whorehouse, and its employees were not prostitutes. Offering up one of the shop girls for people to screw, however remotely, was very much a violation of the shop's standards. In truth, when she'd had time to consider it in cold-blood, she found that she wasn't even completely comfortable with the idea. While the fantasy of a gangbang had often thrilled her, a few wild parties here at the store were the closest she'd ever come to participating in one for good reason. Namely, that she really didn't want to have sex with a bunch of strangers.
	So, after she'd gotten over the shock of being chewed out by the boss, she'd worked together with Tink and Mara to make a number of tweaks to the original plan. With their help, she'd brought the concept much more into the range of the hard limits Ellen set for the store. Mission accomplished, they'd taken it back before the boss, all three of them meeting with her in hopes she'd not dismiss it outright. She hadn't, and after she'd looked it over carefully, they'd gotten approval. Indeed, she'd even added her own tweaks to the idea, making into a much bigger production and draw than they'd originally dreamed.
	Which is how Cheryl found herself in this highly pleasurable predicament. She was spread out, facing up, on a padded bench, body held at a 35 angle to the floor. Her legs were lifted out from her body, slightly bent at the knee, and spread nearly to the maximum comfort level of her admittedly flexible body. Said legs were held forcibly in that position by lightly padded metal struts that swung out from the body of the bench she laid on. Meanwhile, her arms were stretched out above her on the bench, bolted down firmly over her head with a thick metal cuff. As the entire structure was in the dead center of the store, and all other displays had been shifted back or sideways in a circle around her, her entire naked from was on full display to anyone in the building.
	Which didn't mean they could reach her. Portable force screens had been placed in a circle around her, every bit as transparent as glass, but very good at preventing anyone getting too close. Of course, that didn't mean they had no means of interacting with her. No, indeed, there was several ways, all of them tied to the rest of the hardware inside the force screens with her, and in some cases also inside her. 
	For she was not merely naked and on display, oh no, nothing nearly so simple as that. For starters, the nipples of her voluminous E-cup breasts were visibly wired to a device on her left. Said device was a neural stimulator which could use the small metal wafers stuck to her skin to simulate nearly any sensation her entire breasts, not just her nipples, were capable of feeling. There were more subtle versions, of course, Tink often showed the high end models off in some of her workshops. This lower-tiered model had been chosen purely for its visibility. Traveling down her body, between her spread legs, were the objects that most would have noticed first. They were dildos, dildos that were very clearly attached to powerful thrusting machines. The larger, by a considerable amount, was a 10-inch, luridly purple monster that was currently firmly buried in her forcibly spread pussy. The smaller, but still hardly tiny, was a 7-inch affair that was similarly buried in her ass. If one were able to focus beyond this sight for a moment, they would also notice the transparent clit pump latched onto her magic button. Moving back up, as a last touch, there was a small red ball-gag that only half-silenced the screams and moans forced from her when some or all of the devices were active. Her entire form glistened with perspiration, long brunette hair fanning in a halo around her head. It was truly an awe inspiring sight. Enough so that they'd had trouble with people wanting to record it, something generally against the shop's policy.
	The machines currently silent and inactive inside or on her could be animated to action in any one of three different ways, four if you included her coworker's occasional meddling. First, was the orgasm bar being projected onto a screen behind her. The digital bar moved whenever someone purchased something, and when the bar filled the machines would work her through a random fifteen-minute cycle calculated to force her into a spectacular climax at its culmination. That bar was the most brutal of the available methods as, if it was reached multiple times in an hour, it would add five minutes and an additional orgasm to the next cycle. So far the record for the day, during a small rush, had been the bar filling four times, resulting in a total of five powerful peaks over a thirty-five minute period.
	The next method for bringing her pleasurers/tormenters alive was the trio of booths set up in different parts of the store. Each booth contained a hi-tech sex bot of each gender. Customers could buy, or by various means earn, time in the booth with the bots. When they were finished, the pleasure they gave the bot would be calculated, then Cheryl's devices would start up and duplicate the determined amount of pleasure onto her. Sometimes that would force her through multiple-orgasms, other times it would leave her hanging, unsatisfied and desperate for release. 
	The third method was, as typically was the case with these demos, restricted to their VIP clientele. Said clientele could simply sign in at the control panel directly in front of her and be granted unlimited time to manipulate the controls, so long as it didn't infringe on time earned by the other two methods. This was also the method open to her coworkers, except that they could also access the controls from any of the shop's computers or wireless devices. The VIPs that had visited had been a mixed bag, some nearly brutal in their ministrations, others delicate but satisfying. The last, absent only a few minutes now, had been almost clinical, slowly driving her to a trio of peaks with a nearly maddening methodic discipline. Somehow, despite the climaxes, she still felt a bit unsatisfied by that specific experience, though the day overall had been wonderful. 
	She'd been strapped in for nearly eight hours now, with only a pair of breaks for nourishment and satisfaction of the need to pee. She didn't know how many times she'd cum. There was a tally on the board behind her, but she had no way of seeing it. She knew it had read twenty-three when she'd last had a break, but that was three hours ago now and she'd lost track again since then. She ears caught a soft noise behind her and her eyes widened, the orgasm bar had just filled again, for the third time that hour. A quick glance at the clock, barely visible out of the corner of her vision, showed there were only minutes left until the next hour started. Why wouldn't someone have waited?
	She got her answer when the time ticked over and she heard the soft chime again almost immediately. Someone had waited, but had calculated their purchase to add as much time, and as many orgasms, to the cycle as they could. She instinctively tried to lick her lips in apprehension but met only the ball-gag. Her mind was willing, but her body was nearing its limits, she might have to pull the plug after this one and let Amber take over. Thankfully, there was a small button concealed on the inside of her wrist bindings for just that purpose. She frowned internally, almost pressing it before the cycle could start, but decided to ride this one out. The customer had intended it to be her after all, not Amber, and had spent a small fortune to pull it off. She stilled, waiting to see what the randomizer had come up with this time. 
	There was a faintly audible whir and the purple monster splitting her began a slow withdrawal. It reached only the halfway point before abruptly reversing, plunging viciously back in to the hilt. Her back arched in unconscious reflex, body spilt between the instinct to flinch in surprise and desire the for more. A spike of searing ice pricked her nipples, only to be soothed away almost as it happened by the ghostly touch of a warm hand. A hand which then faded in turn. She gasped, then moaned, then murmured incoherently as the clit pump fired for nearly a minute. As the pump released her, both her impalers began a slow thrust in counterpoint, one pressing in as the other pulled out. A soft phantom tickle brushed her breasts, avoiding her nipples but slowly tightening to circle her large areola.
	The set of stimulation held for several minutes, the only change the slow build of speed from the dildos thrusting into both holes. Then the anal toy abruptly hilted and began a strong vibration, while the purple monster began picking up speed at a much faster rate. Her nipples were suddenly dipped in hot wax and her breathing deepened, her already exhausted body pulling in deep breaths as it tried to deal with the sensations. Her heaving chest threw off little droplets of sweat, and some part of her noted purple at the edge of her vision with alarm.
	That part was lost to the haze of building pleasure as the feeling of hot wax altered to an impossibly cold pair of lips on each nipple. She cried out through the gag, weakly thrashing as she neared the edge. The anal toy stopped vibrating, slowing her ascent to the peak. At least, until it began thrusting in time with its companion, their dual, forceful thrusts physically moving her slightly in her restraints with every deep penetration and withdrawal. The phantom lips on her nipples warmed and tongues joined them. It was too much and she came explosively, the climax wringing the last strength from her sweat-drenched form. Only the machines didn't stop, and she dimly remembered she had another ten minutes and two climaxes to go.
	Her sluggish mind tried to remember how to stop the machines, but her body found strength from somewhere as the clitoral pump revved to life again. She arched into the feeling, body visibly quaking in exhaustion. The larger dildo coring her pussy sheathed completely and began vibrating at high power, the anal toy joining a moment later. She whimpered, and felt the sensation of a hard bite on one nipple and a flicking tongue on the other. Her battered body fell over another edge and her vision blurred. In a moment of clarity she feared the next climax and tried to fumble the cut-off, but her hands wouldn't obey.
	The toys began to move and almost she almost cried, but then blessed relief came as they withdrew completely. There were hands on her now, and a voice in her ear. Mara's voice.
	"You're alright Cheryl. Your vitals are strong, it's just overworked muscles. They couldn't handle that specific program at this point."
	Indeed, Cheryl's vision was fine now, and her mind rapidly clearing. Her muscles were a bit sore, but even they were rapidly recovering some strength. Mara removed her gag and Cheryl worked her jaw around. When she was certain it would obey her she set her mouth in a determined line and whispered to her sometime-dommie. "Then I still have another one to go."
	Mara looked at her, clearly startled. She stared for another moment, glanced at the board behind Cheryl, and chuckled. "Well, that would make it an even forty, so I suppose it's okay. I'll run the program by hand though, to keep it gentle."
	The other woman disappeared for a moment, and Cheryl took long, deep breaths, strength returning to her quickly. All of Ellen's girls were in insanely good shape, it was a requirement. As she lay there and took stock of herself, she realized that it hadn't been true exhaustion at all but merely the effect of too much effort in a burst. Like attempting too many reps on a fourth or fifth set of exercises. It made sense, she'd cum several times right before the new cycle, and the restraints hadn't let her truly rest completely in hours. She turned her head to look as Mara returned with one of the shop's handhelds.
	The redhead looked her over, then nodded again. "Alright, on your stomach. No point in putting you back in the restraints."
	Cheryl obeyed, flipping, grateful that her muscles were answering her call again. Mara had removed the neural wafers, and the warm, slick padding felt good on her nipples as her weight pressed them into the surface. She felt Mara align the penetrators, but was surprised when she felt the first one come forward. It was a different toy, smaller but with forking rabbit ears to capture her clit. Her opening hadn't recovered yet from the monster toy and the smaller one slid in easily, the rabbit ears gently slotting her button between them. A light vibration sent a powerful jolt through her. With the pump on, she'd felt no direct stimulation of her clit all day. It was hypersensitive and even the low thrum from the rabbit was making her squirm.
	A solid smack to her ass caused her to still, and a second new toy pressed against her rosebud. This one wasn't a machine at all. She felt a gentle hand guiding the delightfully cool glass as it pressed into her, a series of ridges in increasing size penetrating her rear passage with deliberate slowness. The final, widest part of the toy was considerably larger than what she'd used all day and left her will a pleasant feeling of fullness quite different from the purple monster she'd had buried between her folds before.
	Moments after it hilted, it cooled, not to ice, but a simple refreshing chill that treated her overheated body to amazing relief. Trust Mara for such deft touches, was all she could think, before the vibration from the rabbit increased in tempo, properly beginning her climb to another summit. For a few heartbeats that was the only change, then Mara began pulling the anal toy out, slowly popping each ridge through her anal ring. A burst of pleasure followed each one, then Mara pressed it back in more roughly, triggering the machine to begin thrusting the other toy at the same time. 
	Cheryl released a needy moan, pressing back into the toys now that she was no longer restrained. A fire lit in her as she realized that fact. She could participate now. She half expected another swat to still her, but Mara allowed it, and she pressed back even more eagerly against the next automated thrust. Mara had released the anal toy, fully buried in her, and now it began a low vibration of its own.
	Her next backward thrust was cut short as she felt Mara's weight settle on her lower back. Then the most delightful, sinfully blissful sensations started as the redhead began working the knots out of her shoulders. Cheryl moaned wantonly, the sweet relief of the massage far more powerful than even the rabbit ears tickling her clit with every thrust. Her fiery desire for completion nearly died as she turned to jelly, but relit as the gifted hands shifted to working the sides of her weight-compressed tits. She bucked up into Mara, getting a chuckle and hands sliding under her farther in response. They found her nipples and pinched, rolled, and pulled, the presence of physical sensations much better than the phantom feelings from before.
	Cheryl's eyes closed as she mewled out her desire, then she stiffened for a moment as another hand touched the toy in her ass. Mara leaned forward and whispered, "Just Amber," and she relaxed. The toy began another slow journey out, then in, and the pace of the thrusting machine increased. She was breathing deeply again, her body well on its way to that last peak. A hand, presumably Amber's, lightly caressed her upturned ass before delivering a harsh smack. She cried out, in excitement rather than pain, feeling the burst of pain as pleasure in her current state. Another, harder swat and she nearly came, a third and she lost it, howling her climax into the bench as she bucked with all her recovered strength, nearly throwing Mara from her perch. A fourth swat altered her pitch and elongated her peak, sending aftershocks ripping through her body before she finally collapsed, panting.
	She heard clapping and, with an effort of will, managed to turn to the source. A grinning Matt Tor was standing just outside the force screens, now giving her a thumbs up. Oh, of course he'd been the one to make the purchase. She was glad he seemed happy with that final performance, she'd been trying to seduce him for ages. Not very hard, since it would probably cause a conflict at work, but still. She smiled weakly at him as Mara crawled off her, then she rolled off the bench and unto shaky feet. A startled burst of pleasure and pain at the action reminded her that the anal toy was still embedded, though the machine had withdrawn. She shrugged, winked mischievously at Matt, and bent over, facing away from him, to remove it. When she looked back up he was shaking his head in amused appreciation. He waved, bowed slightly, then turned away, heading back to the shop's counter for his purchases.
	She smiled a bit sleepily, then turned to help Mara strap Amber into the display. There was still another five hours to closing time, after all

###

Authors Note: If you enjoyed my story, check out my new erotic novel "Freedom in the Sky: An Erotic Tale of Service in the Stars", available on Amazon, Smashwords, B&N, iBooks and Kobo. You can also get updates on my work, including information on new Free releases(Like the rest of this 6-part series) on my Facebook Page.

Amazon: http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B01BHDLANY?*Version*=1&*entries*=0

Smashwords: https://www.smashwords.com/books/view/612869

Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/Jaylee-Coglin-210793212603170/

Barnes & Noble: http://www.barnesandnoble.com/w/freedom-in-the-sky-jaylee-coglin/1123393309?ean=2940152614114

Kobo: https://store.kobobooks.com/en-us/ebook/freedom-in-the-sky-an-erotic-tale-of-service-in-the-stars
	
	 
