Boss's Daughter

I m 27 years old and this incident took place about 3 years back when I got a
job in a private firm in Rawalpindi and joined as junior executive.

My boss got very close to me due to my hard work and my performance in the
field, I m 5 10, fair color, smart and good looking and always well dressed
and my name is Sameer. There in the office boss often use to receive his family
members who use to come there for one reason or the other. Boss had a beautiful
daughter of 20 years age who was very sexy and good looking and was bit bold. We
often use to chat little whenever she uses to come there.

Slowly and gradually we developed friend ship and we started talking on
telephone also and she took promise from me that I will not let her father know
about it, her name was Mehroo. She was 5 2 and her sexy figure was 34-26-38 and
she had a fair complexion and had very sexy and juicy lips.

One day she missed her college and I also took my day off from office and we
both went on a long drive far away from our city Rawalpindi, I parked my car
near a River bank. And we both sat there and started chatting, I took her hand
in my hand and started rubbing it, she stared at me and gave me a sexy smile and
did not say any thing. This gave me lot of courage and I kissed on her left
cheek. On this she closed her eyes and gave a very sexy look. I started kissing
on her cheeks and made her sit in my lap.

After some time I could feel her warm breaths and I could feel that she is
getting aroused. I started kissing on her neck and than I placed my lips on her
sexy juicy lips and there we were enjoying a deep long French kiss. I made her
to lie on ground and came over her. We kissed for about 30 minutes and my dick
was just out of my control and wanted to come out and get eased but I did not
make any further move coz that place was not suitable. Her boobs were also very
erect and I could see that she was also becoming uncontrollable. After some time
we left that place as it was day light and any body could come there, we came
back to our city.

After 3 days she gave me a call in evening at about 7 pm that all the family
members have gone to Jhelum and likely to return late at night as there was some
emergency at a relatives place and she missed going there intentionally. I went
there and she took me to TV lounge.

She was wearing a shalwar kameez and looking very sexy. We talked for some time
and than I went close to her on sofa and took her in my arms and placed my lips
on her sexy lips and we again started kissing and this time I was moving my
hands also on her back and she was also playing with my hair. After 5 minutes
she suggested that we should move to her room, we went upstairs and there again
we were in each others arms and I knew that this is right time to fuck her.

I took her on bed and we lied there. I came over her and she could feel my hard
dick and she gave me a smile. I asked her to remove her kameez to which she
initially refused just to tease me but than I removed it myself. Oohhhh! what
a view, her 34 big size sexy boobs were locked in a black color bra. I kissed
her on neck and area around her boobs and started playing with her boobs with my
hands and started pressing one by one. Now she was enjoying and making sexy
noises. I removed my shirt and she started moving her hands on my shoulders and
back, than I took her bra off and there were the fresh mangoes waiting for me.

I immediately took them in my mouth and started sucking them. I sucked and
licked her boobs and upper area for about 30/40 minutes and now she was just
dying for real act. She came up and removed my pant and underwear and I was
fully naked in front of her. She saw my 7 inches fat dick and smiled and started
rubbing it, than she kissed on head of it and started licking it. I was just
enjoying it. She licked my whole body from head to toe and than she took my cock
in her mouth and I was really in so much of pleasure that I could not control it
and came after 5 minutes. Some of the cum went in her mouth and some came out.
She kept enjoying it and licked me clean and than went to bath room to clean her
cheeks and mouth where my semen had spread.

When she came back I again made her lie on the bed and removed her shalwar, she
was not wearing a panty and her cunt was dripping wet and cunt juices were
coming out. I started licking her body and gave a good lick on her thighs. She
took my head to her cunt and there I was eating her pussy and she was just
shouting, Aahhhhh  Oohhhh  ommmm  yessss  yesss . ohhhh.

After some time she gave a big moaning and released her cunt juices which were
flowing all around her cunt on her legs. Then my cock was erect again and she
begged me for real job. I came in between her legs and picked her legs a bit and
place my cock tip on mouth of her hot sexy cunt which just wanted to eat my
cock. I started rubbing my cock and she was just making noises to fuck her, put
it inside.

She was saying, Haan mere andar dalo  meri phuddi mein dalo  mujhay apna lun
day do. Then I gave a jerk and she cried with pain and I stopped. Although she
did not bleed but still her cunt was bit tight. After few moments I gave a
strong jerk and I was fully inside her. She started enjoying it and was saying,
haan  haan  haan  Sameer  aur zor se  aahhhhhh . Ohhhhh . Ommmm . hai
hai meri phudi  me maza aaraha hai.

I kept playing with her boobs and was stroking hard in and out. She could no
longer take it and had a great orgasm. After some time I also started feeling
pressure in my balls and I came but I immediately took my cock out of her cunt
and released my semen on her belly. We both kept lying there for 15/20 minutes
and than we had another round of good fuck.

Than I came back at about 10 pm, after few days we met again and this time she
brought her class fellow along and we went to hotel room and fucked together,
that girl was also a class in fucking. Now we three are sitting together in my
friends house whose parents have gone to village and we all four will fuck
together.
