Merlin entered the Council tent to find a beautiful dark-haired woman waiting for him.

"Lady Morgana, it's good to see that you are safe. Matthew tells me you have news from Camelot."

"Yes, there's no doubt about it, I heard it from my former maid, Gwen, who's always been a dear friend. Uther Pendragon is dead. Cendred thought to take advantage of Uther's preoccupation with us to take Camelot. He failed, but Uther was mortally injured in the battle."

He had never liked or trusted Cendred, for all that they were both enemies of Camelot. The king had always seemed more interested in grabbing more power and wealth for himself, rather than protecting his people.

"So who is leading in Camelot?"

"Sir Leon was left in charge of the forces intended to defend the castle, and is still holding firm, but I don't know how long that will last. He's a decent enough sort, but I don't see him being able to take the throne. Arthur Pendragon was with the main army, but after their last defeat no one knows what happened to him."

Obviously the news about Arthur's new position hadn't reached Camelot by the time Morgana had received her message.

"Arthur was captured by our people after the battle," he began.

"So he's dead, then," she said, and while the news of Uther's death had obviously been a triumph to her, she sounded rather subdued.

"Would it grieve you to hear that?"

"He would never have stood against his father, but he was a good man. I know I'm not the only magic user whose life he saved by smuggling them out of Camelot."

Again Merlin realised that that meant far more to him than it ought to, that the man he was growing so fond of was not the adamant enemy of his people that his father had been.

"So you wouldn't be opposed to supporting him as the new king of Camelot, provided he agrees to welcome magic back into the kingdom?" Merlin found himself saying.

"What do you mean?" Morgana asked. "He's not dead?"

"No, he's currently in my tent, recovering from a highly enjoyable night in my bed. It seemed a waste to dispose of such a beautiful young man, and I thought it might bother Uther more than killing him."

"You're right, it would have done. Though I suspect Arthur could have done much worse...I know you and your soft heart."

Merlin flushed a little at the accusation, though he realised she was probably right.

"I'll have Matthew fetch him, we need to talk about what happens next."

Arthur came into the tent and immediately recognised his foster sister. "Morgana, you're safe... It's good to see that you got away. I was always a little afraid that Father might not have told me that they'd caught you. He knew how much I opposed your arrest."

"No, I've been fine, thanks to you for getting me away, and the Druids for giving me a safe haven. I'm glad to find you still alive, I was worried when we didn't hear anything after the last battle."

He stepped back and spoke to both of them, "I've been luckier than I ever thought, to fall into the hands of such a merciful enemy and I'm glad that you've found a home here."

He knelt in front of Merlin and said, "My Lord Emrys, I know my life is forfeit, now you know that I no longer serve any use as a weapon against my father. Thank you for giving me the chance to see that my foster sister again and be assured that she is safe. If I could make one request, it is that you move to take command in Camelot. I would far rather trust my people to your care than that of that treacherous bastard Cendred."

Merlin looked at the man at his feet, both impressed and a little appalled. This was the nobility and strength that had appealed to him from the first time he'd seen Arthur, but it seemed Arthur had no idea how much he had come to mean to him.

"You really think I would have you executed, even now? You underestimate yourself, your Highness. Camelot doesn't need me, it already has a king, one who has shown himself to be a brave leader and a good man."

Arthur looked up at him and the brave resignation on his face was replaced with puzzlement. "You'd really support the son of your worst enemy, when I know how your people have suffered at his hands?"

"Of course, I'd expect some things to change, but then I already know that you don't hate magic and magic users the way your father did. I think we will be the closest of allies..." He let the hunger in his eyes show, letting Arthur know that he had no intention of giving up his bedmate, even if he had to share his time with running a kingdom.

"I have made many friends here, and I think they can be persuaded to give a second chance to the man who saved my life," Morgana added.

"Thank you," Merlin said, "Your support will be invaluable."

Morgana looked at them both, and realised that they needed time for a more private conversation. "I'll go and start spreading the news of Uther's death and our new alliance. I'm sure you two still have a lot to talk about."

Once she had left the tent, Merlin stepped forward to where Arthur was still on his knees and ran his hand around the collar. "I've changed the spell on it, so you can take it off whenever you wish," he explained. "The King of Camelot can't be seen to be completely in a sorcerer's power, after all."

He was half-expecting Arthur to immediately pull it off, but instead he smiled up at him, with a tempter's gleam in his eyes. "You're right, I can't wear it in public once we return to Camelot, but in the meantime, it definitely has its advantages. You haven't fucked my mouth yet today, and it makes it so much easier to take all of you when I don't have a choice."

"If you want my cock in your mouth who am I to argue, your Majesty? Put your hands behind your back, though. I think you need to learn to undo my breeches with your mouth." Merlin was thrilled to realise that Arthur really did want to continue their relationship, and that he was just as deliciously submissive now as he had ever been.

He'd chosen just the right way to torture himself, his cock responding eagerly to the warmth and pressure of Arthur's mouth trying to undo his laces. He wasn't sure whether it was an eternity or no time at all before Arthur succeeded in freeing his cock from the confining material and sucked him deep into his mouth.

He'd wanted his mouth fucked, and Merlin was more than happy to oblige, burying his hands in Arthur's hair and holding him still. He taken the edge off his need earlier and so he could carry on using him ruthlessly, until his lips were red and swollen.

"Look at you, no one who saw you could doubt what you've been doing, kneeling here on my floor while I give you exactly what you want. Every man who sees you will want to use that lovely mouth of yours, but they can't have you. You're mine, aren't you, Arthur Pendragon?"

He released Arthur long enough for him to reply.

"Always," he said. "For as long as you want me."

"Oh, as long as you stay as good as you've been today, I can't see myself wanting anyone else any time soon. You've learnt so very well how to please me."

Merlin carried on holding Arthur's head, but moved his other hand to stroke his own cock. Coming all over Arthur's face had quickly become one of his favourite things and he had no intention of denying himself.

He staggered slightly as he came, but used his hand on Arthur for support, before sinking to his knees to take him into his arms. He didn't have the energy for anything complicated, but this was their way of binding themselves together and he had no intention of leaving Arthur hanging...this time.

He lent down to lick the white off Arthur's face and neck, and opened his breeches to stroke his cock, hard after having his mouth so thoroughly fucked. It only took a few strokes before Arthur was coming all over his hand and they rested together.

A little later, while they both lay satisfied on the floor of the tent, Arthur said, "Next time, we'll have to try out my bed in Camelot. It's considerably more comfortable than this and I'm sure you'll find a use for the bedposts..."

THE END