Majority Rules
by gremlinpi

My girlfriend has to do whatever we vote on.

My girlfriend Lisa and I went over to have dinner and visit with some friends. We often got a pizza, drank, and played cards.

There were two other couples, Susan and Jack, and our hosts, Janet and Tom.

We talked as we ate and drank. As Susan often does, she turned the conversation to sex. She wanted to know if we had tried getting tied up or blindfolded during sex.

"He tied to the headboard. It was ok," Lisa admitted.

I knew she liked it more than she was letting on, but she didn't want to admit that to our friends. "You seemed to think it was better than ok. I never saw you get off that hard before!"

I probably shouldn't have embarrassed her, but we had been drinking.

Lisa turned red, and our friends teased her. Susan pressed her for more detail.

"Ok! Ok! I like it when he ties me up and shoves his dick down my throat. I don't know why," she confesses.

I got an erection while listing to her talk about it.

Janet pointed out, "Part of the fun is not feeling responsible for your actions. After all, if you were tied up, you don't have a choice. You don't need to feel guilty, and feeling helpless can be sexy."

"I think you are overthinking it," Susan said. "Being blindfolded and helpless is sexy as hell."

"What if you are at the mercy of a group and not just your boyfriend?" Janet asked, "Is that still sexy?"

"Hmm. Good question! What do you think, Lisa?" Susan asked. "What if you were blindfolded and had to do whatever the group told you to do?"

"Like anything?" Lisa asked. She wouldn't make eye contact with anyone. I noticed that her breasts were making points in the front of her shirt like they do when she is aroused.

"Anything! No backing out. You have to do whatever the group tells you to do," Susan insisted.

"This group?" Tom piped in. "I am sure it would be lame. I doubt that this group would make her do anything kinky. I bet it would be more like go wash the dishes."

"I don't know. Not everyone would agree on anything too outrageous, but it might be interesting," Susan replied.

"We all have phones, right?" Jack pointed out. "Why not have each person suggest an action for Lisa, and we all vote? Lisa has to do whatever action gets the most votes."

"Does Lisa get a vote?" Janet asked.

"No! That's the fun part! Her boyfriend gets a vote, her girlfriends get a vote, and the guys get a vote, but not Lisa!" Susan said. "Lisa has to trust us," she added.

I wasn't sure that was a good idea. I was surprised that Lisa wasn't objecting, but she stared at her plate, and I realized that she was considering it!

Janet got up, went into her bedroom, and came out with a sleeping mask. It looked like an expensive one. "Here! Lisa can wear this," Janet said and handed it to Lisa.

Lisa put the mask on and pulled it over her eyes. "Wow! It works really well! I can't see a thing!" she commented.

She started to take it off, but everyone told her to put it back on. I was surprised, but she did. When she is in the mood, Lisa is very submissive. That was one of the things I liked about her in bed.

"How long is each task?" Tom asked.

"5 minutes?" Susan suggested. Everyone agreed. Lisa didn't say anything. She just sat with the blindfold still on.

"Ok! Everyone, type in your suggestion for the first task!" Janet said

Everyone started typing away. I pulled out my phone and put in my first suggestion, "get naked," but I doubted Lisa would actually do it. Lisa just sat quietly as we all typed away.

Janet called time and told everyone to vote. I looked at the suggestions. I couldn't tell who suggested what, but most were some variation of getting undressed. I voted for "remove top and bra" as something she might do. I remembered how much she liked the topless deck of the cruise we went on together.

Sure enough, Janet read, "Ok, Lisa, the task with the most votes is..." she paused for dramatic effect, "remove your top and bra."

We all watched Lisa's reaction. She was blindfolded so that we couldn't see her eyes, but she reached down and pulled off her shirt without hesitation, then reached behind her, unfastened her bra, and let it drop by her side.

Lisa sat back and let us see her bare breasts. Her nipples were hard like sexy little erasers. Everyone, even the women, stared and smiled.

Janet told us to enter our next task.

I typed in "get naked." The other suggestions were variations of getting more undressed to giving Tom a blowjob. I assumed that was Tom's idea.

"Tom!" Janet scolded him.

"Wasn't me!" Tom protested.

Janet read the winning task, "Sit on each person's lap and let them feel your breasts!"

Wow! Everyone was going to feel up, my girlfriend! I was hard as a rock.

Janet led Lisa over to me first. She sat on my lap and felt good pressing against my erection. I leaned her back and gave her an open-mouthed kiss while I felt her breasts like I do when we make out. Lisa likes to have her nipples squeezed hard. I don't know if she knew it was me, but she kissed me back and moaned as I pinched her nipples. Everyone watched.

Janet led Lisa to Susan next. Lisa sat on her lap, and I was shocked when she leaned down and started sucking on Lisa's breast! Lisa moaned even louder than she did with me.

Jack was next. He wasn't to be outdone and had his hand between the crotch of Lisa's shorts and kissed and felt her up. Lisa kissed back.

Tom was a little more reserved, but not much.

Janet went last. She shocked us by kissing Lisa and slipping her hand up the leg of Lisa's shorts. Lisa moaned as Janet felt her. "Wow! She's really wet!" Janet commented. Janet kept touching her as we typed in the next task. Lisa squirmed and slowly humped her hand. There were several suggested sex acts, including giving various guys a blowjob. It wasn't my suggestion, but I voted for one of those.

Lisa was still on Janet's lap as she read the next task.

"Hmm! This will be interesting!" Janet said. "Kneel in front of your boyfriend and pull out his dick and deep throat him."

Janet led Lisa over to my chair, and she knelt. Everyone watched her feel for my zipper and fish out my dick blindfolded. It was weird to have my friends, including Susan and Janet, see my cock. I was very hard.

Lisa likes giving oral sex and typically makes a production out of it, but she just opened her mouth and put it in as deep as possible. She gagged, then I felt the head of my dick enter her tight throat, and now it was my turn to moan.

I was in heaven as she sucked my cock while our friends watched. I noticed everyone typing into their phone. I looked at their suggested options and saw several proposals to fuck Lisa or go down on one of the women. I voted for her to fuck me.

"Ok, here is Lisa's next task," Janet announced. "Remove your remaining clothing and lie face up on the coffee table. Then touch yourself."

The guys watched with big eyes as Lisa slipped off her pants. I thought Lisa would be reluctant to get naked in front of our friends, but she seemed to be in a trance. She let Janet lead her by the arm over to the table and carefully lay on it, her hands to her side.

"Ok. Now touch yourself." Janet ordered.

Lisa hesitated, slowly moved her left hand to her breast and caressed it, then slipped her right hand down to her sex. She fingered her pussy and moaned, then spread her legs wide apart and rubbed her clit.

Lisa went to town. We liked to masturbate together, but I had never saw her so into it! We stood around the table and watched her pinch her nipple hard, the way she liked it, and alternate rubbing her clit and sliding three fingers into her pussy.

No one said a word as we watched her moan and body tense up as she built to her climax. When she came, she lifted her head off the table, and her face screwed up as she made funny grunting noises.

Lisa's head collapsed back on the table, but she kept fingering clit.

Janet announced. "Ok. Well done! Just in time for the next task!"

I had been so busy watching Lisa bring herself to climax I hadn't even voted.

"Oh my!" As she started reading, she said, "Go into the bedroom with Susan and Jack and close the door. Follow any orders they give you!" Janet hesitated and added, "Does that follow the rules?" She asked.

"What rules?" Susan asked as she helped Lisa off the table. The whole room smelled like Lisa's arousal. Lisa didn't protest as Susan led her into the bedroom with Jack.

"5 minutes!" Janet called after them.

The door shut, leaving me with Janet and Tom. I wondered what was going on in the other room. I knew Susan liked to talk about sex, but would she let Jack fuck another woman?

I was hard as a rock.

It was an uncomfortable wait.

"30 seconds!" Janet called.

She watched her watch with her hand on the door. "Time!" Janet called out as she swung the door wide open.

Susan was still buttoning up her shirt, and Jack was adjusting his pants.

Lisa was kneeling on the floor. She didn't get up when we came in.

She had wet cum all over her, on her face, in her hair, on her mask. It was even on her breasts and stomach and ass. Jack must have cum a gallon. I wasn't sure how it got on both her front and her back. I was speechless and wanted to fuck her in the worst way.

"Just one more task for tonight!" Janet announced.

I had forgotten the game and didn't remember anyone making any suggestions. I suspect that Janet was just making it up as she went along.

"Same task as before, but with Janet and Tom!" She said.

Lisa didn't move and stayed kneeling on the floor as Janet pushed the rest of us out the door and shut it. I heard the lock click. We wouldn't be walking in on them until they were ready.

"Wow! That was awesome!" Jack announced as he opened another can of beer as we waited.

"Yes! Thank you for letting us borrow Lisa!" Susan said.

I tried to get them to tell me what had happened, but they wouldn't tell me.

After 10 minutes, I knocked on the door.

"Just a minute!" I heard Janet call through the door.

"I bet Janet is doing her with a strap-on!" Jack said. Susan playfully slapped him.

Finally, the door opened, and Susan and Tom walked out, pulling a naked Lisa by the hand.

They led Lisa into the middle of the room. She was still blindfolded, her shoulders were slumped, and her head was tilted down like she was looking at the floor. Her nipples were rock hard, like she was still aroused.

Lisa was a mess. There was cum all over her face and a big glop on her chin. She must have sucked off Tom; he came all over her face. Something was dripping down her leg. Did he fuck her too?

After we had a minute to get a good look at her, Janet led Lisa to the couch, and she plopped down. Janet had a big dildo. It must be one of her sex toys. She twisted the base, and the vibrator started to buzz loudly. It was about 10 inches long and at least two inches thick. Janet must like them big.

Janet put the large vibrator in Lisa's hand and told her to use it! Lisa felt the vibrator with her hand and put the head in her mouth to get it slippery with spit. Then she spread her legs wide and teased her clit with it.

Lisa was still blindfolded and fucked herself with the vibrator while we watched. I was horny as hell. The other guys had just cum recently, but they still watched with interest as Lisa brought herself to climax. Lisa's whole body twitched as she went over the top. Her legs were spread wide, and we could see Lisa grind the big toy deep into her cunt. Her pussy lips stretched around the vibrator.

After Lisa climaxed, she collapsed back on the couch, the tension leaving her body all at once. She pulled the vibrator out. Janet stated, clapping, and we all joined in. Janet slipped the blindfold off Lisa's eyes, and Lisa blinked as she looked around and saw us all standing over her watching her. She looked embarrassed and brought her legs together and tried to cover her breasts and pussy with her hands, still holding the vibrator that was still on. We watched Lisa fumble with the vibrator to turn it off.

We talked for a few minutes about how sexy it was. Lisa stayed on the couch, still naked, covering her breasts with her arms and hands. Apparently, it was a lot easier to do slutty things with the blindfold on. Without the blindfold, she was just naked.

Janet told Lisa to get dressed, and we watched her look for her clothes and pull them on. Everyone soon left.

During the drive home, I asked Lisa what happened in the bedroom with the closed door.

"I just did what they told me to," she answered. "I am a little hazy on the details. I couldn't see, and I am unsure who did what."

"Did they touch you?" I asked.

"Yeah. I felt hands all over me and in my pussy. They felt me up all over. I couldn't tell who did what, but both women had their fingers in my pussy. They made me lick myself off their fingers."

"Did they make you suck anything else?"

"Yeah!" She didn't add details, so I had to ask.

"Both guys put their cocks in my mouth," she paused and added, "both before and after."

"Before and after what?" I asked.

"Before and after, they fucked me," Lisa told me quietly.

We got back to my place and got naked. I slid my dick into Lisa to the hilt. She told me about it while we had sex.

She told me that the details were hazy because she was blindfolded, and she could feel hands and cocks, but couldn't be sure who was doing what to her.

She remembered that the first guy had a long dick, and she gagged when he forced it down her throat, but she relaxed, and it was ok. She said he hit the back of her vagina when he fucked her, and he even slid it into her ass! Jack was the first guy, so he fucked my girlfriend in the ass!

"Did you ever have anal sex before?" I asked her.

"No! It didn't hurt, but I didn't expect it. I am glad the other guy didn't fuck me there," she told me.

"Why not?" I asked

"Because the second guy had a really thick cock," she told me

"Tom has a big one?" I asked

"Was he in the second group?" she asked. "Yes, I guess you are right. That also means I made Janet cum by going down on her while Tom fucked me from behind."

I came in her when she told me that. I was blown away! I imagined my girlfriend Lisa on her hands and knees, licking Janet while Tom plowed her with a giant dick.

After I collapsed and rolled off her, I asked Lisa if she liked it.

"Oh my god! It was wild! Fingers and cocks and pussy and cum everywhere! Thanks for not freaking out, by the way. I would do it again if they wanted," Lisa said.

"What about Susan and Janet?" I asked. "Do you think they minded their boyfriends fucking another woman?" I wondered.

"Well, they were telling me what to do," Lisa pointed out. "And Janet had as much fun as the guys did."
