The Work Release Program

by Buckaroo Bonzai



Monica knew that she shouldve heeded her 
intuition; shouldve listened to the little voice 
inside her head. But her excitement had overwhelmed 
any doubts, rendering her brains warnings 
meaningless in a flood of hormones. Ignoring her 
intuition always prompted an equal and opposite 
reaction. Monicas Law was once again in effect.

Shed felt the first tingle driving up Highway 36 
just before the town of Dirkson. Shed seen the cop 
car idling on the side of the road far enough in 
advance to slow down to just over the speed limit. 
But as she passed, hed watched her car for just a 
moment too long. Longer than a traffic cop might 
watch a car passing through his speed trap. Longer 
than a small town cop might take to assess an 
unfamiliar car. Longer even than a man might stare 
at a busty blonde driving by in a red sports car 
with the windows rolled down. Just a tad too long. 

She couldve stopped in the town of Dirkson for a 
Coke from the local liquor store. She couldve 
popped it open, driven to the small municipal park, 
and enjoyed it in the shade of an old oak tree. She 
couldve waited for another hour at least, and 
still wouldve had time to beat Roger to the spot 
in the woods. But her excitement, her lust, had 
been too demanding.

She could blame nothing, and no one, else. One part 
of her brain had tried to warn her. But the other 
part had been busy creating elaborate fantasies for 
the hours ahead. When her fianc had suggested that 
they get a head start on their vacation, shed 
jumped at the chance. And when hed laid out his 
plans, shed left work almost immediately. 

Heres what well do, hed said, calling from his 
office. Take 36 up past Dirkson. About five miles 
out of town theres a side road called Cook Road. 
Take that, its gravel, down to the end, past all 
the farms. At the Dead End sign theres a little 
two track that leads into the woods. Dont worry 
about the Private Property sign, nobody cares about 
it. Take that path about two miles into the woods 
until you get to a little clearing. Dont worry, 
youll know it. Theres no place else for you to 
go. Ill meet you in the clearing about four. And 
then well just do what comes naturally.

That phrase, do what comes naturally, had been 
the real kicker for Monica. She knew that he meant 
they were going to have sex in the open, out in the 
grass or under the trees. It was one of her 
favorite fantasies, and the few other times theyd 
done it outside theyd fucked like crazy. It had 
been a no-brainer, and shed hit the road with 
visions of orgasms dancing in her head.

Sure, shed get there a couple of hours early. But 
that would only add to the excitement, help build 
the anticipation. Plus, she could entertain herself 
out there in the woods, miles from any prying eyes. 
She could get herself hot, take herself to the edge 
a few times, so shed be wet and primed and ready 
when Roger showed up. So shed driven straight up, 
making only one stop. 

She looked in the rearview mirror at the flashing 
lights, watching as the cop climbed out of his 
cruiser and started towards her. Tall, solid, self-
assured, he approached her car calmly and 
unhurriedly. Just another cop making another stop. 
Except that they were miles from nowhere. And itd 
be two hours before another soul might turn up.

Monica regretted making that single stop on the 
highway now as the cop stared down at her. His eyes 
were unreadable behind the dark, mirrored aviator 
glasses. He could be searching the car for drugs. 
He could be looking for weapons. But she could feel 
his gaze on her, a feeling she knew very well. He 
was looking down her dress at her ample cleavage. 
And looking beyond that at the hem of her dress, 
where her legs disappeared below the fabric. As a 
36 D blue-eyed blonde, she experienced that gaze a 
lot. 

Dont make me get out, she thought at him, assuming 
a studiously unthreatening posture. She did have 
secrets to hide, but if she got out they wouldnt 
stay hidden for long.

License and registration, maam, he said, his 
voice as impassive as his gaze. 

Shit. She shouldve gotten those out already. She 
shouldve been prepared for that. Now shed have to 
lean way over to the glove box, and hed be 
watching her the whole time. There was no way to 
refuse his request, either. She leaned over, 
acutely conscious of the way her breasts spilled 
forward to fill out the front of her dress; of the 
sweat suddenly cooling on her bare back; of the way 
her dress rode up to suddenly expose her thighs and 
ass. He took her paperwork without comment, 
appearing to study them but probably watching as 
she adjusted her dress to better cover her breasts, 
legs and back.

Would you please get out of the car, Ms. Stanson? 
he asked in a neutral voice. 

She didnt detect a note of interest there; maybe 
he was gay. She could only hope. 

She stepped out of the car, berating herself for 
having stopped at the travel area. Instead of 
greeting Roger in her business attire, shed wanted 
to surprise him with a sexy outfit. So shed 
changed into a sheer, white, spaghetti strap sun 
dress, so short that it barely covered the bottom 
curve of her ass, and with so much cleavage that it 
barely covered her nipples. To make matters worse, 
shed shed all of her underwear. She wore not a bra 
nor panties, only the dress and a pair of high 
heels. She looked hot and sexy, but for the wrong 
man.

Step around to the rear of the vehicle, the cop 
intoned, his voice and manner betraying nothing. 

Was he even aware how vulnerable she felt? Or was 
he already fucking her with his eyes?

You realize youre on Private Property? he asked, 
escorting her to the rear. She nodded. There was no 
denying that. Shed passed three Private Property 
signs on the way to the clearing.

Mind if I take a look inside? 

She nodded again, not sure if she felt more nervous 
about standing there so exposed, or by his 
dispassionate demeanor. 

She watched through the rear window as he bent into 
the front seat, then reached around to extract 
something from the back seat. As he strode back she 
could see the two pints of tequila in his hand. 
Shed brought it to have something to drink with 
Roger. A way to lubricate their inhibitions.

Its illegal to have an open bottle of alcohol in 
a vehicle. Were you aware of that? he asked, 
placing the bottles on the trunk lid with a solid 
thump. 

I wasnt drinking and driving, if thats what 
youre getting at, she retorted, no longer so 
submissive.

I didnt say you were drinking and driving. I said 
you have an open bottle of alcohol, he replied 
calmly, flicking the broken seal. And it looks 
like a good third of it is gone.

She had taken a few sips at the rest area. But that 
couldnt be a crime, could it? 

Put your hands on the top of the trunk and spread 
your legs. Im going to call this in, and I dont 
want you running off.

As she bent over, she felt the tickle of the wind 
in the cleft between her legs. Just below her chin, 
her breasts dangled freely inside her dress, 
unfettered by the thin fabric. She didnt need to 
look back to know that he now had an unobstructed 
view of her ass and pussy, and could probably see 
her tits and nipples as well. Ostensibly still 
clothed in the dress, she felt totally vulnerable 
and exposed. Worse, though, was the knowledge that 
shed placed herself in this position.

The minutes passed like hours as she stood 
stretched over the trunk of her car. Occasionally 
shed hear the crackle of the police radio, but 
mostly the only sounds were the wind in the trees 
and the birds chirping. She began to sweat in the 
midday sun, and soon droplets were gathering in the 
valley between her breasts and slowly rolling down 
her tits, to finally dangle from her nipples before 
falling onto the fabric below. She could feel sweat 
dampening the crack of her ass and the folds of her 
pussy and wondered how it might look to the 
officer. Did it sparkle in the sunlight? Or simply 
make her skin glisten? She didnt doubt that hed 
be studying her cunt from the safety of his car. Or 
that hed be imagining his cock thrust deep between 
her legs. He may appear dispassionate, but no man 
could resist such a blatant sexual come-on, no 
matter how unwilling.

How could she get out of this? If he just listened 
to her explanation, and didnt jump to any 
conclusions, shed be able to convince him that 
shed just made a mistake coming here. But if he 
didnt listen? Did she want to spend the weekend 
trying to clear this up? Or get Roger involved? He 
didnt have much of a sense of humor when it came 
to stupid mistakes. What she needed was a Plan B. 
Just in case. 

Just when she considered standing up and regaining 
some dignity, he returned to her side. 

Did you know you have three unpaid parking 
tickets, Ms. Stanson? he asked, his eyes still 
shielded by the sunglasses, though undoubtedly 
admiring the curve and heft of her tits. 

II dont know, she stammered. Shed paid those, 
hadnt she? Or maybe not. She couldnt remember. 
But what did that have to do with this?

Would you mind standing up straight and putting 
your hands behind your back? he asked calmly. 

She started at the cold click of the handcuff 
locking, even though his question shouldve warned 
her. Am I being arrested, then? she asked, 
disbelief and wonder in her voice.

No, maam. Its simply procedure. The unpaid 
tickets make you a flight risk. But I do need to 
know if I can look in your trunk.

After she nodded her compliance, he steered her 
around until she faced the front of his car, then 
had her bend over at the waist, once again leaving 
her tits dangling and her pussy exposed. Only this 
time her hands were handcuffed behind her! The 
situation was getting more bizarre, and kinky, by 
the minute!

Pulling her overnighter from the trunk, he placed 
it on the cruisers hood, unzipping it as he 
questioned her.

What exactly were you doing out here, anyway?

She considered lying for a moment, but couldnt 
come up with any believable reason why one would be 
sitting half-naked in a car in the middle of the 
wilderness. Selective truth would be the best way 
to go.

Im supposed to meet someone out here, she 
replied. There. Simple and succinct. He glanced at 
her sideways, then continued to rummage through her 
bag. Without any fanfare at all, he produced the 
two vibrators shed packed and set them on the 
trunk lid, then set her flogger next to them. 

Hooker? he asked.

No way! she vehemently denied. I am meeting a 
man, she added, blushing from head to toe. As his 
silence continued, she felt the need to explain 
further. Hes my boyfriend. She shifted 
nervously, embarrassed by the implications of her 
explanation, but still too afraid to give him the 
whole story. Unfortunately, shifting around only 
made the dress hike higher up, leaving her ass and 
slit more exposed than ever. Worse, the underlying 
eroticism and kinkiness of the situation had begun 
to have an effect on her, hardening her nipples and 
dampening her already engorged pussy.

When he pulled out her bottle of pills, she 
suddenly realized how precarious her position 
actually was. True, the pills were all prescription 
drugs. But they werent all written for her. And as 
he spilled the contents into his hand, she realized 
that many were generic, and so didnt have branded 
coatings that distinguished them from street drugs. 

Just as she began to understand the implications of 
his latest discovery, he summed it all up for her, 
Well, Ms. Stanson, Im not sure what to think. 
Weve got you, alone out here, waiting for some 
mysterious man, with an open bottle of liquor in 
the car, a bottle of unidentifiable pills, and 
three outstanding traffic tickets against you. 
Thats a couple of felonies, possibly drug 
trafficking. Thats more than enough to write you 
up and take you in, Id say. I dont see another 
way to resolve this, do you?

Was that an opening right there? She wasnt sure. 
What she did know was that she didnt want to spend 
the weekend in some podunk jail trying to clear up 
all this circumstantial evidence while a bunch of 
drooling hillbillies leered at and groped her. No, 
if this cop was suggesting what she thought she 
heard, itd be much better to try Plan B. Actually, 
Plan B wouldnt be that bad, she rationalized. Same 
moves, different guy. But given how obliquely hed 
manipulated her into this position, it was clear 
that shed have to make all the moves. But shed 
have to get out of these handcuffs first.

I can explain all this, she said pointedly, 
shaking her head to indicate the evidence strewn 
across the hood. But can you first take these 
off? she asked, standing upright and clumsily 
gesturing with her cuffed hands. Im not much of a 
risk to run in these high heels, especially out 
here, now am I?

Monica felt sure shed called it right when, 
instead of unlocking the cuffs from behind, the 
officer instead leaned across her body to do it, 
accidentally brushing against her breasts in the 
process. Rubbing her wrists, she quickly knelt 
before him, announcing, Actually, I think I can 
make my argument better from down here. Without 
pausing to look for approval, she reached up to 
grasp his pants zipper and pull it down. If he was 
going to arrest her for bribery, (or solicitation!) 
now would be the time. When he didnt move to stop 
her, she reached inside to find his cock as stiff 
and starched as his blue pants. Pulling it out with 
her left hand, she found herself staring at almost 
eight inches of throbbing hard meat, the 
circumcised head already stretched and purple. 
Transferring her hand to his balls, she pressed her 
mouth down over his shaft, enjoying the feel of his 
skin rasping over her lips. She sucked him in as 
far as she could, not surprised that almost two 
inches of shaft remained outside her mouth. This 
wasnt the ideal position for deep-throating. 

Pumping his rod in her fist, she sucked and licked 
him with abandon. In truth, Monica loved to give 
blow jobs. Many men had complimented her on her 
expertise. But shed never performed one with quite 
so much on the line. So when it seemed as though 
her dress might be constraining her motion, she 
paused long enough to push the fabric down to her 
waist, freeing her tits to bob and sway as she 
leaned into her task. Many men appreciated the 
visual stimulation of two ripe melons just inches 
from their dick, theirs for the plucking and 
sucking if they wished. Unfortunately, it hardly 
seemed as if anything she did had any effect on the 
cop. Every time she glanced up at him shed only 
see her reflection in his sunglasses. He neither 
grunted, groaned or urged her on, as nearly every 
man shed ever blown had done. The only clue to his 
excitement was an occasional gentle thrust into her 
mouth, or a soft tightening of his hand in her 
hair.

When he came, then, she was caught totally by 
surprise. His hot cum splashing against the back of 
her throat caused her to gag, filling her mouth 
with cum faster than she could swallow, and forcing 
a salty stream back out between her lips. Acceding 
to the inevitable, she opened her mouth and took 
the last few spurts on her already cum-covered 
tongue, feeling for all the world like a baby bird 
begging for food from its mother. But even now, as 
she turned her cum-covered face to watch him, his 
face betrayed no emotion. The only evidence that 
hed enjoyed the past few minutes was steadily 
dripping from her chin to her tits. 

Monicas brain raced even as she sensuously 
transferred the cum to her fingers and then to her 
tongue. Would a single blow job be enough to erase 
the long list of offenses against her? She could 
hope, but she didnt think so. Hed want to get 
into her pussy, the one hed been staring at for 
most of the past half hour. The one shed so 
conveniently put on display for him. The one shed 
technically promised to Roger by accepting his 
invitation to marriage.

The thought of Roger made her smile. Shed jumped 
to using sex with this cop, this stranger, pretty 
quickly. With the way she was dressed, and all the 
other circumstances, it had been a natural 
conclusion. But the fact was, shed hardly given 
Roger and their situation a second thought. 
Amazingly, this wasnt the first stranger shed 
blown since becoming engaged. When the plumbing 
contractor had announced that he was pulling his 
guys off the job working on their new house, shed 
arranged to meet him at the work site to set him 
straight. Shed wanted to settle it without Rogers 
help; to keep him away from the daily grind of 
dealing with contractors. Her promises of a 5% 
incentive and prompt payment had assuaged his 
complaints. But when hed asked for the 5% up 
front, shed been at a loss. She simply hadnt 
brought her checkbook with her. When hed bluntly 
asked for a blowjob instead, shed weighed the 
request the same as any other aspect of their 
business deal. Shed swallowed his cock in the 
backseat of his Explorer, gulping down his cum with 
very little guilt. After all, shed just saved 
Rogers bank account hundreds of dollars. 

Roger, she reflected, was a very pragmatic man. If 
he ever knew the details of that encounter, or this 
one, hed understand that a little suck and fuck 
was the best way to avoid some very dire 
consequences. But why would he ever know? According 
to the watch on the officers wrist, Roger wouldnt 
be arriving for another two hours. More than enough 
time

She finished licking the sticky cum from her 
fingers and lips and regarded the snake still 
dangling before her. Enough time had passed for her 
to safely take it back into her mouth without 
hurting the highly sensitive crown. Many men, when 
stimulated there too soon after orgasm, felt 
intense pain rather than pleasure. She softly 
closed her mouth around his swaying snake, using 
the bottom of her tongue to lubricate the heated 
skin. Even semi-erect it was an impressive piece of 
manhood; as solid and muscular as its owner seemed 
to be.

Monica eyed the equipment and gun hanging around 
the cops waist and reached up to unhook his belt. 
She didnt think shed want all that stuff banging 
into her once they started really going at it. But 
the odd hooks and clasp confounded her; she 
murmured a plea for help into the cock now stuffed 
firmly back inside her mouth.

He seemed to understand, undoing the gun belt and 
pushing it inside his cruiser. His starched blue 
shirt, starched blue pants, blue undershirt, 
boxers, socks and shoes soon followed, and finally 
she found herself sucking on the now rejuvenated 
cock of a well-muscled young cop, naked except for 
his sunglasses. Just as she began to wonder if she 
should just lean back and spread her legs for him, 
he pulled her to her feet and pressed her down onto 
the trunk of his cruiser, surprising her when he 
thrust his tongue deep into her hot, steaming cunt. 
Shed known very few true pussy-eaters in her life. 
Most men would eat her out, but usually in 
reciprocation for her giving them a blowjob. Even 
Roger only ate her out when he wanted to make sure 
she would react in kind. But this man had no need 
to do that. He could do whatever he wanted to her. 
Thank god, then, that he wanted to do this.

As his tongue rasped again and again over her clit, 
the pleasure flushed all of her questions from her 
head. She let her body relax against the burning 
steel, the heat reduced to just another sensation 
competing with the electric sparks he was producing 
inside her slippery slit. She moaned and gasped as 
small orgasms shook her, and she could hear herself 
whispering Yes, yes, every time his tongue or 
teeth touched her quivering clit. Even as the 
sensations threatened to overload her system, she 
became aware of the blatant carnality of her 
situation. Here she was, spread eagle on a car 
trunk, her cunt split by the tongue of a stranger 
whose cum she could still taste in her mouth. She 
imagined what shed look like to Roger should he 
approach right now, her hips thrusting her cunt 
into another mans face, her tits bouncing, her 
nipples hard, her head thrashing as she asked for, 
no, begged for another man to eat her pussy and 
suck her clit. All the while, her engagement ring 
glinting in the sunlight, like a beacon calling 
out, Heres a slut, guys, ready for the fucking! 
With that, it all coalesced and she felt herself in 
the familiar spiral of an orgasm, the pleasure 
coursing through her like a tidal wave. 

Sweat-soaked, weak-kneed and still trembling, she 
took a few steps and collapsed into the grass, her 
legs splayed open to reveal her red, juice-soaked 
pussy, in an invitation recognizable since the dawn 
of time. Modern though he may be, the cop heeded 
his instincts and dropped atop her, his cock 
sliding home with the accuracy of a heat-seeking 
missile. Though still muddled from her head-
shattering orgasm, Monica could tell that he was 
holding back. But for what? She got her answer just 
a few moments later as he abruptly withdrew and 
pressed her knees to the side. Of course! Hed 
spent lots of time looking at her ass, and now he 
wanted to sample her from behind. Shed barely 
balanced herself on her hands and knees when he 
drove his stiff rod into her swollen cunt, ramming 
it in until his balls slapped against her ass. 

He pounded at her savagely for several minutes, 
pausing only to reach down and grope her swaying 
tits. Finally she felt him stiffen behind her, then 
pump several spurts of his creamy sperm deep into 
her burning slit, as if to quench the fires raging 
inside her. After he pulled his pole from her, she 
turned around and licked the sticky remains from 
the length of him, knowing how much most men 
enjoyed having a woman clean up in this matter. 

As he dressed, Monica leaned naked against the 
patrol car, worrying that he might still double-
cross her on their deal. He still held all the 
cards, though she had some of his DNA in her cunt 
to corroborate her story, if she had to tell it. 

Well, Ms. Stanson. Id say that youve 
successfully completed our work release program. I 
trust youve learned your lesson. And I do suggest 
that you get those parking tickets cleared up. 
After all, the next officer you meet might not take 
it so easy on you.

 She still couldnt see past his sunglasses, but 
she could imagine the sardonic look in his eyes. 
Yes, sir, she replied simply. She wanted him away 
from here, because if his watch was correct, Roger 
would be showing up at any time!

And I suggest that you and your boyfriend find 
someplace more private than this private property 
to have a good time. You never know whos going to 
show up here.

She agreed vehemently with that. She planned on 
catching Roger before he even got off the main 
road. She wanted to warn him that the cops came 
down hard on lawbreakers in this part of the 
county. Real hard.


