"Slughorn's a bit much, isn't he?" Tom remarked. "Definitely hasn't improved with age; still the same small-minded, brown-nosing, pathetic little man."

"At least he's left you alone so far." Draco chuckled. "It's even worse when he wants to get on your good side, or so I've been told."

Tom let out an exaggerated sigh. "I'm probably not famous enough, don't possess the necessary connections to help promote him socially and all that rot. I suppose I'll never become anyone important, then…"

If only you knew, Draco thought, but wisely kept his mouth shut. They were only joking around anyway.

"The Parkinson girl's all right, though," Tom went on. "Friend of yours, I take it?"

"Well," came Draco's hesitant reply, "not exactly... not anymore..."

"Oh? Could have fooled me."

"Yes," Draco said bitterly. "She can fool a lot of people. It's what she does best."

Tom raised a questioning eyebrow. "So, dare I even ask what happened, or is this once again related to that war we mustn't speak of?"

"No, it's not related to the war." Draco laughed. "It's rather more personal than that."

"Ah?"

"Are you quite sure you want to know this, Riddle?"

"Would I ask, otherwise?"

"You tell me."

Tom shook his head in amusement. "Very well. Let's say my curiosity has been adequately piqued."

"All right." He took a deep breath. "Pansy and I used to be betrothed."

"To each other?" Tom smirked. "Just kidding, Malfoy. Go on, and then what happened? Let me guess: she ditched you for Longbottom?"

"No, not quite. He came later. Much later. I was the one who broke it off, actually."

"Oh. You don't like brunettes?"

"Well..." Draco coughed.

Tom grinned. "In for a Knut, in for a Sickle, Malfoy..."

"All right. If you absolutely must know," Draco mumbled. "It wasn't as much the wrong hair colour as it was... the wrong gender."

There, he thought; he'd said it. And now, he supposed, it was up to Riddle to bolt from the room, to not want to have anything further to do with him and to ask for different sleeping quarters right away, so he wouldn't run the risk of being molested in his sleep.

Draco could still remember Lucius' reaction upon first finding out. In fact, he didn't think he'd ever be able to forget it. Draco had been called just about every filthy thing under the sun that day. It had been the last time his father had ever spoken to him, too.

"Well, Malfoy," Tom said slowly, suddenly sounding a lot less sure of himself than before. "That… erm..." He gave a small, nervous laugh. It was in shrill contrast to his usual confident demeanour. "That's something you and I have in common, then."

"W-What?" Draco's jaw dropped. "You mean, you...?"

"Yes," he said quietly. "It's not the sort of thing you talk about where I come from, though. Or generally do anything about, for that matter, unless you're lucky enough to find someone who's in the same position and to whom discretion isn't a foreign concept. I assume things on that front are better around here, then?"

Draco let out a breath he didn't know he'd been holding. "In some circles, yes. The Muggleborns don't care, neither do the Halfbloods, usually, but the Purebloods, even now that He—I mean, even after the war, it's still regarded as a type of blood treason. Two wizards together can't produce that all-important heir, you see..."

Tom nodded in understanding.

"So, usually, the done thing is to marry a witch of good standing, make sure she gets pregnant quickly and then have a male... friend on the side. And I actually considered it for a while, you know, back when I'd just discovered what my erm... preferences are..." He sighed and ran a hand through his hair. "But the more I thought about it, the more I realised I couldn't really picture myself living like that. Well, all right, myself, perhaps, just to keep Father happy, but it would also mean an innocent kid got dragged into the deception, would have to grow up with parents who felt nothing for each other... and well... I suppose, at the end of the day, I just wasn't willing to live up to my full potential as a heartless bastard." He gave a wry smile. "Anyway, I tried to explain everything to Pansy, but she..."

"She would have preferred to live a lie?" Tom finished for him.

"She was rather determined to become Lady Malfoy, yes, no matter at what cost. My family are rather... prestigious and well off, you see."

Tom smirked. "I'd gathered as much."

"And you know what they say about a woman scorned," Draco went on. "It goes double if she happens to be a Slytherin, let me assure you. So..." He opened the door. "Now we've got that cleared up..."

"Hm. One thing still eludes me, though," Tom said.

"What's that?"

"Why was she so friendly and chatty to us just now, if she thoroughly despises you?"

"Good question. Maybe she was trying to impress you?"

"Impress me? In front of her boyfriend?"

"Well, between Riddle and Longbottom, which family name would you choose if you were a Pureblood Princess on the prowl?"

"Point taken." Laughing, they walked into the Heads Common Room.

By the window, Hermione looked up from her book and frowned.

"Severus, so good of you to come," the headmistress spoke. "Please, have a seat."

"Of course." He took the chair in front of her. "How may I help you today, Minerva?"

"I was wondering…" She wrung her hands together nervously. "How's the research going? Have you already found a way to help Mister Riddle return to his own time?"

"Yes and no," Snape began cryptically. "The good news is that we would be able to send him back with the aid of a Time Portal. The bad news is that there are only two of those in existence and one of them has been confiscated by the Bulgarian Wizarding Tribunal. Apparently, a Dark Wizard had plans to take a trip to the past to assassinate some important people and overthrow the government."

"I see. And you're sure the Bulgarian authorities couldn't be persuaded to... if we were to explain the severity of the situation to them?"

"I've already tried, Minerva," he said grimly. "Their Chief Warlock informed me that a British Dark Wizard, past or present, isn't Bulgaria's concern."

"I see." Minerva sighed. "You mentioned two Time Portals. What about the other one?"

"At this point, its location is still a mystery. But perhaps, I could make a Firecall to
Borgin and Burkes. They appear to have a special talent for acquiring magical objects of questionable origin."

Minerva nodded slowly. "Very well. Do whatever must be done."

"So," Snape, for his part, asked, "how are things going with Mister Riddle in the meantime? I've yet to hear any complaints from the Slytherins, so I assume he's settling in well?"

"From what I can tell, he seems to be getting along with young Draco. Harry Potter, however..." She shook her head sadly. "That's another matter entirely. The boy has been quite vocal in his disapproval, sometimes to the point of upsetting other students."

"Yes." Snape sneered to himself. "Rather than a mere chip, Mister Potter appears to have a full pile of firewood on his shoulder at present. Still, I'm sure Lupin will do his utmost to keep the boy under control."

"Let's hope so, Severus," the headmistress said with a sigh. "Nonetheless, I expect the following weeks will be something of a challenge to everyone."

"Indeed. Was there anything else, Minerva?"

She shook her head.

"Very well. Then I shall get on to Borgin and Burkes right away."

"Yes. Thank you, Severus."

He gave a curt nod and strode back out of the office.

"Not up in the Tower, Granger?" Draco asked conversationally. There was no venom in his words. He was in too good a mood to bother.

"No," she said and mumbled, "Impossible to study there right now."

"Oh. Let me guess..." Draco smirked. "It's Potter's time of the month?"

She rolled her eyes. "Don't be crass, Malfoy."

"What? You mean he isn't currently stomping about like a hormonal Hippogriff, shouting from the rooftops that the world is cruel, life is unfair and all Slytherins should be hung, drawn and quartered?"

"Erm…" Hermione sighed. "Yes... Well..."

Draco grinned. "Not to worry, Granger. Tom and I won't bother you. We have some revision of our own to do."

"All right..."

"Say," Tom suddenly interjected, "would either of you care to enlighten me? Who is this Potter fellow? I've already heard him mentioned quite a few times today."

"Ah yes, you two haven't been formally introduced yet, have you? Harry Potter is..." Draco paused for a moment, pondering on what he could and couldn't tell Riddle without upsetting the cosmic balance, or whatever it was that he wasn't supposed to be upsetting. "Let's just say he's a local celebrity and something of a war hero. Some even call him The Chosen One, which, in my opinion, suggests that fate is either not too picky or from time to time, enjoys getting phenomenally sloshed like the rest of us. Frankly, I wouldn't trust Potter to sit the right way on a broomstick these days, but... there we have it."

"You know, Malfoy," Hermione snapped and slammed her book closed. "Harry's been through hell these past few years. Something you know all too well, since you eagerly contributed to quite a bit of it, and furthermore..." She was glaring at him now. "Do you think it's been easy for him... ever... without any parent, and...?"

"In case you missed the memo, Granger," Draco shot back angrily. "My parents are dead, too." With that, he stormed into the Headboy quarters, throwing the door shut behind him with a loud bang.

Hermione swallowed hard. She had been harsh and tactless, she realised, and she should really learn to hold her tongue, rather than allow herself to be baited, because in one way or another, everyone had been damaged by the war, including Malfoy, no matter how much he tried to cover it up with snide remarks and arrogance.

"Right." Tom broke the loaded silence. "Revision it is, then." He gave Hermione a smirk, took his Potions textbook out of his bag and plopped himself down on the chair in front of her. "You don't mind if I join you, do you?"

She shook her head slowly. Wonderful, she thought; two conceited gits for the price of one. Malfoy was bad enough all by himself, honestly!

This time, however, she did keep her mouth shut. Enough dumb, hurtful things had already been said.