This is a fantasy story. It has no basis in reality. Even the names of the
characters are made up and have no relevance to anyone. It is for adult
readers only, of legal age and deals with domination and submission of a non
consenting type. So don't read it if you are offended by this subject matter.

 

                           "The Lab Rat"

                             by Musker

                              Part 1

It was the beginning of the second semester of her junior year for Barbara and
she was in trouble. She was in dire need of money. She though the money she
made from working all of last summer was going to be enough. But the increase
in tuition, books and living expenses from last semester just about wiped her
out. Now the following semester was upon her and she barely had enough money
for books. What was she going to do?

That is why Barbara found herself in the office of a Dr Madeline Brigs. She
found, from the university's job search, a position as a project volunteer,
fancy name for guinea pig. It was available with one of the on campus
psychology department's research units. The research was in the field of
advertisement.

The job was for the entire semester, a couple hours a week, and paid
surprisingly well, enough to get her through the semester and then some. It
had all desirable characteristics that Barbara was looking for, especially in
the field of advertisement. Her major was business administration and the law
so it would seem she would be "looking in behind the scenes" as it were with
regards to how things are really done. Valuable career information in her
future field of interest.

A very pleasant middle aged receptionist greeted Barbara upon entry. She gave
Barbara a form to fill out and then escorted her into Dr Brigs private office.
The doctor's office was quite spacious and decorated in a sort of regal
academic way with large oak bookcases, over stuffed leather chairs and a
massive detailed carved mahogany desk equipped with an elegant tiffany lamp
and computer. It told Barbara that this woman must be very successful in her
field. Maybe she could learn a thing or two from Dr Brigs about the business
field since she seem to be very successful at that too.

Barbara just finished the application form when she heard a door open on the
far side of the room. A well dressed mature woman came into the room. She
figured this must be Dr Brigs.

Dr Brigs was probably in her early fifties and looked much like any average
middle age woman in the academic field. She was wearing a comfortable dark
pants suit with flat shoes. Her hair was light brown in color, of medium
length and styled in a easy manageable way. She wore little if any makeup and
seemed to be quite warm and friendly. Almost motherly in a way.

The two women introduced themselves to one another, and after a short while of
idle chit-chat, to which Barbara found herself relaxing even more to the good
doctor's warm personality, they got down to business. Dr Brigs went over
Barbara's file from the university and the form she just filled out.

Barbara Derman was 20 years old, long rich brunette hair, brown eyes, average
height and weight, in very good health and with a grade point average that put
her in the top 10% of her class. Dr Brigs began to write some notes in
Barbara's file. 'Very intelligent and disciplined.' 'Physical appearance to be
clean, attractive, very athletic, no makeup and definitely plays down her
femininity.'

After a period of history gathering Dr Brigs wrote a bold two word phrase
inside Barbara's folder--PRIME CANDIDATE.

It was then that Dr Brigs told Barbara what the project entailed. It was about
television commercials and what the viewer's response was to them from a
physical level. If Barbara decided to do the project she would sit in a chair
and watch commercials while her body was being monitor, like heart rate, blood
pressure, temperature, etc. The entire process would take no more than a hour,
two days a week, and for the full length of the semester. If part one of the
experiment turned out favorably then a part two would run through all of the
summer. It was sponsored by various large business organizations that wished
to remain anonymous and stipulate the results of said research were to be kept
strictly private. So Barbara would have to sign a privacy document stating she
would not tell anyone what the experiment was about or the results there of.
And since it was such a secrete project Dr Brigs was to control all facets of
the project herself, no other people, no technicians or assistants would be
taking part.

The doctor paused for a few minutes in though and then ask Barbara if she
wanted the job.

Barbara was excited with the offer. The money, not having to find a descent
job for the summer, the secret nature of the project and the warm feelings
from Dr Brigs all convinced Barbara to take the position. She signed the
papers of secrecy and was told to show up to this office tomorrow at 8 am to
get started. She was to wear something causal with short sleeves, like a
jogging outfit. If she wanted she could even change her clothes here
afterwards.


                   *****************************


Barbara was right on time. Her usual routine was to take an early morning jog,
and then be ready for the rest of the day by 7:30. The half hour remaining was
more than enough time for her to make it to the doctor's office on time. Self
discipline and promptness was already ingrained deeply into Barbara's psyche.

Barbara was greeted by Dr Brigs and showed to the other room through a door at
the back of the doctor's private office. The room was well lit, somewhat
sterile and full of research equipment. Off to the side was what looked like a
well padded industrial type beauticians chair facing directly into an hanging
television set.

The doctor motioned her to sit down in the chair so things could get started.
Barbara was a bit apprehensive with the sterilness of it all, but once again
she found herself relaxing to the situation with the help of the good doctor's
pleasant personality. As she sat in the chair she noted how her body slowly
sank into the soft cushions of the chair. She thought to herself in quiet
reflection how lucky she was to have a job like this.

The first thing the doctor did was to fasten, with velcro, a wide black cloth
like strap across her chest, above and below her breasts. This was to monitor
her respiration. Associated straps at her waist, thighs and ankles where also
fasten in order to keep her body still while the other devices took accurate
readings of her body's functions. Next, the back of her head was gently placed
into a cup like head rest and another cloth strap was wrapped around her
forehead holding her entire head still and facing the TV set. The doctor told
her this was necessary as there where two special high tech cameras on top of
the television that would be focused on the pupils of her eyes. They would
follow her eye movement and thus echo back where her sight of interest was
while the commercials played through.

Two more wide bands of cloth circle both of her upper arms and held them to
the back of the chair's cushioned arm rest. These where blood pressure cuffs
that would be monitoring her pressure throughout the experiment. Her wrists
too where fasten to the arms of the chair which would measure pulse rate.
Barbara wondered why there was two of each, but before she could ask the good
doctor told her the redundancy was necessary for accuracy, reliability
and statistic analysis. Being an "A" student Barbara knew how important good
true readings were especially when used in conjunction with some heavy
statistical numbers crunching. She hoped that Dr Brigs would later share with
her the details of the experiment. Barbara's was very curious about anything
that she could use in her future career.

Next, several small circular pieces of metal where taped to her skin all over
her body, from head, arms, chest all the way down her thighs and legs. Long
thin multicolored wires lead from them to a small box off to the side. These
would be measuring body temperature, EKG, EEG, and assorted other body
electrical signals.

Dr Brigs quickly went over all the restraints and measuring devices one more
time and then asked Barbara if she was ok with being strapped and wired up
like this.

Barbara tried moving her body and found herself held to the chair quite firmly
almost totally immobile. She did not care for being restrained like this.
Somehow it went against her nature. She was not one of those passive, helpless
females who needed protecting and taken cared of. She was too aggressive,
independent and many times rebellious. So she told the doctor that she was not
comfortable being held down like this, but if it was necessary she would try
and control herself. After all, it was only for a hour and she had to much to
gain to throw it all away now.

The doctor smiled at her and gently stoked Barbara's cheek with her hand.
She told her if at anytime she needed to be released to just say so and she
will immediately come back and let her go. This was to be a totally relaxing
experiment and it will do her or the project no good if Barbara was to
stressed out to give good accurate readings. She recommend that Barbara just
relax into the softness of the chair and concentrate on the television and
nothing else. She patted Barbara's shoulder and told her they were about to
begin.

The doctor threw some switches in the back of the room that dimmed the lights
and turned on the television. Before she left she told Barbara that in the
beginning and periodically throughout the experiment there will be a test
pattern on the screen. The pattern would be used to act as a kind of
calibration or reference point so all the other readings could be compared to
it. The doctor then placed head phones on Barbara's head and ears. Then she
left.

Almost immediately Barbara seen the test pattern on the TV. It was a simple
black screen with many randomly placed white dots. A few seconds later the
dots slowly increased in size until they completely filled the screen. She
heard a few seconds of white noise and then the commercials began.

The first was for a mundane brokerage firm. The second was a bear commercial
with the associated token bimboes. She figured it was for men because no woman
would dare want to buy a beer from a company that seen women as only some tit
and ass air head sex toy. Those commercials were so stupid and condensating to
women. Barbara was making sure her disgust with those kind of commercials that
stereotyped women as sex objects was being monitored and recorded by the good
doctor's equipment. Maybe, in her own small way, she could do something about
changing the content of future commercials in making them more representative
of today's modern intelligent and accomplished woman. To which she proudly
counted herself as one.

And so it went for the rest of the hour, commercials of all types with the
repeating reference points. Frequently, Barbara would tense her body in
response to being tied down as she was. It was a conscious effort to keep
reminding herself to relax against the bounds that she seen as holding her
captive to the chair. But the time went by fast. After the hour, the TV went
blank and the head phones silent. A few moments later the doctor came in,
raised the lights and set Barbara free.

A small pleasant conversation as to how the first test went occurred between
them, and then Barbara left. But before leaving, Dr Brigs offered her a kind
of gift. Since the doctor did so much work with various corporations, once and
a while they gave her free samples of what they marketed. This time it was
from a garment company. The doctor offered Barbara a very sexy bra and panty
set in bright red with very decorative frilly lace all over it. It was the
kind of gift a man would give to his wife or most intimate girlfriend to wear
on those nights of passionate love making.

Barbara took one look at it and respectively decline the gift. She told the
doctor that she wasn't into that kind of extreme girly sexy things. If her
great athletic and womanly body in the nude or wearing some comfortable white
cotton underwear wasn't good enough to get and hold a guys attention in bed,
then she wanted no part of such a guy who got off on sluty dressed women. The
doctor acknowledge and commended Barbara on her stanch beliefs. Barbara soon
parted, with both parties smiling.

When Barbara was gone the doctor looked over the results of Barbara's first
test and made some notation in her file. One of them was a short sentence of
her declining the sexy underwear. After updating the file, Dr Brigs smiled and
whispered the words "Excellent, a very good subject to test my theories and
techniques on."

******************************************************************************

                            "A Lab Rat"

                             by Musker

                              Part 2

The next few sessions went on as usual, neither Barbara or Dr Brigs noticed
much differences from one session to the next. To Barbara it was all an easy
way to make some good money, and a nice way to gain some first hand
information about the project, and the business world from Dr Brigs. They
always had a little time before and after the experiment and Barbara used it
to pick the good doctors mind. The doctor didn't care, and was forth coming
with all sorts of general and specific information. The doctor would even ask
Barbara a little about her private life. She found that Barbara's life was all
geared towards school and career. Even her boyfriends were few and far between
with friendship being her main focus. Barbara was no virgin by any means. She
had a few select nights of unbridled lust with certain guys she deemed worthy
to share her body with. But Barbara was a woman of priorities, and right now
her number one priority was her education and career. Both were first and
foremost on her agenda.

The detailed data and numbers crunching was used by Dr Brigs to form a base
line on Barbara. From that the doctor would formulate a strategy to be used in
part two of Barbara's full conversion. Her system still needed a lot of
customizing and hopefully, with Barbara as her precious guinea pig, she will
have it all automated with minimum input by the end of the summer. But the
clever anxious doctor was able to do some minor testing and implementing of
her technique on Barbara without her knowing it, at least not outrightly so.

The first one was making Barbara feel more relax in being restrained down into
the lab chair. After six sessions Barbara no longer complained about being
tied down. A change that elated the doctor because she was able to see
quantifiable results of that particular behavioral change in her currently
working computer model. Her theories were being proven correct and that
excited her greatly, especially for what she had planned in part two.

The second change was having Barbara wake up each morning later and later for
her daily exercising. As a result, about half way through the semester,
Barbara was no longer performing any exercises which resulted in a small
change in her body. No longer did Barbara have the physique of a hard body.
She was looking less like a sharp angled athlete and more like a soft,
curvaceous and voluptuous woman. Barbara witness the gradual change in her
body and just wrote it off to being too busy with more important area's of her
life right now and didn't worry about it. She figured she had all summer to
get back into shape anyway, so a little slackness in part of her life was no
big deal.

The third change the good doctor made in Barbara was for her to have a better
appreciation for things that were more feminine, like sexy underwear and
cosmetics. After about the twelfth session the doctor asked Barbara again if
she wanted that frilly red bra and panty set. This time Barbara accepted it,
reluctantly, but never-the-less she took it and actually wore it in the
privacy of her bedroom when she went to bed.

Barbara though it wouldn't hurt to try it on, as a kind of personal
experiment, just to see how it felt and how she looked. After that first night
sleeping in those red lacy briefs, Barbara was hooked. Again thanks to the
good doctor's intervention. Soon, Barbara was taking and wearing all the sexy
lingerie that Dr Brigs offered her. The tres chic baby dolls, the long flowing
delicate night gowns, the wonder bras, the peek a boob bras and panties, even
the colorful chemise, racy garter belts and down right lustful merry widows
were now filling Barbara's dresser drawer's to over flowing. Plus, she was
finding herself not only wearing said items to bed but also under her regular
school clothes too.

One day she wondered what it would be like to wear such pretty frilly panties
with her pubic hair removed. So that night she shaved it all off without a
second though. Barbara felt so strange looking at her nude genitals in the
mirror like she was. But when she put on those sexy lacy panties in sheer
black she actually became physically aroused, both with her image in the
mirror and how they felt on her now denude sensitive skin. She actually found
herself masturbating to her mind's eye image of herself while still wearing
those sluty panties in bed. Again, all made possible by cunning Dr Madeline
Brigs and her wonderful behavior modification technique. All unbeknownst to
Barbara.

When the doctor offer her am assortment of cosmetics courtesy of a large
pharmaceutical Barbara found herself eagerly accepting said gift, to her own
surprise. Barbara did use makeup, but only minimally and only on specific
public occasions. She had a natural beautiful complexion and thought woman who
used it on a daily basis were really nothing but sluts. But she soon changed
her tune when she found herself using it every day too.

Barbara was growing concerned with her preoccupation in making herself look
and feel more feminine and sexy. All her old white cotton underwear was
replaced with bright colorful sexy ones. And many, even the bras that bared
her nipples and the panties with the split crotch, she would wear under her
regular clothes while going to class. Her use of makeup was becoming almost
obsessive. Before she was using it only lightly in the morning when she went
to school. But now, she was applying it throughout her waking hours and
putting it on a little more heavy with each passing day. When she looked at
herself in the mirror she could hardly see the natural beauty she once was.
Instead, she saw the beginnings of young women trying to make herself look
like a street whore. Even her fellow students at school noticed and commented
on the new Barbara. Most were complimentary, some were so so, and only a very
few were outright condescending, with remarks like she was majoring in
Bimboeism or taking a class in How to be a Slut 101. She tried to stop, both
her intense interest in sexy lingerie and whorish makeup, but found herself
responding to "going cold turkey" like a person addicted to drugs.

She rationalized her odd behavior with watching too many of those damn
commercials Dr Brigs required her watch. Somehow they were effecting her into
wanting those products and being like those sluty girly women in them.
Barbara figured once the semester, and Dr Brigs project, was over with she
would be able to control herself again. She was had saved a lot of money now
and could afford to take some minor part time work to top off the amount of
money she would need for her following senior year.

The last minor change Dr Brigs made occurred a week before the final exams.
The doctor made it hard for Barbara to concentrate on her studies. She didn't
cause Barbara to flunk out, but she was able to make Barbara obtain exam
grades at one or two grades lower then her normal straight "A" status
would have predicted. And the insidious doctor did it with surprise quickness
and precision. For the doctor, this final result was a cause for private
celebration. For Barbara it was a cause for panic.

Barbara searched for reasons why she did so bad on them. Of course she noticed
she had trouble concentrating on her school work, but why? Again Barbara
rationalized it as taking on too great a load for the semester, plus her work
with Dr Brigs seem to be producing some mild side effects in her behavior.
Lucky for her the semester and the project was over with. She swore next
semester would be different and seriously considered not ever seeing Dr Brigs
again, let alone for the summer.

Barbara entered Dr Brig's office with a little hesitation. She thought of just
calling her on the phone and telling the doctor she would not be able to work
with her for the summer, and that would be that. But something seem to be
making her return to Dr Brig's office so she could talk with her in person.
Barbara walked up to the seated doctor at her desk and sat down facing her.
She waited for the doctor to finish her work before speaking to her.

The doctor completed her work, looked over to Barbara, and with a smiling face
said, "Well Barbara, the school semester is over with and so is the first part
of my research. The results of part one were outstandingly positive and all
the preliminary work for part two has been accomplished. So Barbara, are you
ready to start part two? It will go throughout the entire summer and require
you to work full time on the project. In fact, I plan on you starting right
now. Isn't that wonderful dear?"

Barbara looked at Dr Brigs in apprehension. She didn't want to continue with
the project, at all. She was feeling as though she was not quite herself
anymore. Her body had lost it's muscle tone from lack of exercise. She didn't
like her preoccupation with appearing more feminine through the use of
cosmetics and frilly underwear. And most of all, she didn't like how it was
getting harder and harder for her to concentrate on her studies. She figured
it was a side effect of the project, but didn't want to worry or confront the
doctor with her charges. All she wanted was out of it all together. So with
all due respect she informed Doctor Brigs that she would regrettably not be
able to continue with the project. She thanked Dr Brigs for all that she done
for her, but she had other items on her busy agenda and it was time for her to
go.

Dr Brigs smiled and then giggled to herself. Behavior that confused Barbara
and somehow caused a chill of foreboding to run through her. Her feminine
intuition was sending her full scale alarms to get the hell out of there,
right now! To which Barbara stood up and began to direct herself out of the
doctor's office when she heard the doctor say. "Stop, come back here and sit
back down, Barbie. You're not going anywhere unless I tell you to." in a
commanding way.

To the amazement of Barbara, she did just that. Now Barbara was getting
scared. Why did she do that. Maybe it was just an innocent mindless response
to all the directions she took from the doctor in the last few months while
working on the project. Nothing to worry about, just a knee jerk reaction that
will soon go away when she left this place and the doctor's presents.

The woman doctor was just looking at Barbara and smiling like the cat that
trapped the mouse. Then she got up and headed for the lab. As she passed
Barbara she said "Barbie, follow me." in a way that frighten Barbara. It was
in a nonchalant way as though she was talking to a pet and knew said pet would
follow her command without hesitation. And that was exactly what Barbara did.

Once inside Dr Brigs looked directly at Barbara and directed her in a calm
tone of voice "Now listen to me Brabie. I want you to take off all your
clothes, everything, even your socks, and the red sexy bra and panty set. I
want you to fold them nicely and place them on this table. Then I want you to
stand behind this wooden chair, spread your legs wide, bend over the top of
it's back rest and rest your arms here on the seat."

Barbara was flabbergasted as the expression on her face showed in spades. Why
was the doctor telling her to do this? This is not right, and definitely not
in the doctor's character to treat her like this either. And she was
certainly not going to follow this new Ms Bitch persona of the doctor's like
some well trained obedient dog. And how did the doctor know she was wearing
the red lacy bra and panty set? She was about to tell the doctor exactly that
in no uncertain terms, but the doctor seen the rebellion coming and decided to
nip it in the bud pronto by adding "No talking now Barbie, and you WILL obey
me. I am leaving for a few minutes, but when I get back I want you over that
chair as I said.  Now do it!" The last phrase was more like a direct command
of domination to Barbara as the doctor left the room.

Barbara was in a state of shock. Not only from being talked to in that
manner by someone whom she though was a dear trusted friend, but now,
unconsciously found herself in the process of doing exactly what Dr Brigs told
her to do.

She felt besides herself, like an out of body experience. She was aware of
what she was doing. She felt herself removing her clothes one by one, folding
them and then placing them nicely on the directed table. She even felt the
cool air of the lab on her bare skin. But for some reason she could not stop.
It seem like she lost control of her body or worst, her free will!

A little while later the doctor entered the room. "Ah, I see you followed my
instructions to the letter like a good girl. Now let me put these rubber
gloves on and then I can get you ready for part two of the experiment, my
darling little lab rat."

Barbara heard the snapping sound of rubber gloves behind her. Then she heard
the squeaking noise of the doctor moving around in a caster chair.  Barbara
was full of questions and emotional turmoil, as the new Dr Brigs was busy
behind her getting things ready. She felt the gentle touch of a rubber gloved
hand on her backside and jerked from the unexpected sensation.

"Now I want you to relax Barbie. This will go so much easier for you if you
only relax."

She felt something cool and wet being placed around her anus. She did not jerk
this time. For some reason her body was able to relax while her mind was in a
state of acute anxiety. And then she felt it. 'Oh my God!' Barbara screamed in
her mind as the doctor's finger work the jelly like substance around and into
her butt hole.

"Barbie, relax your muscles around your anus." commanded the Dr Brigs, and she
did.

She could feel the doctor's finger being pushed into her. Turning and twisting
to the left and then to the right, being pulled out a little and then pushing
itself in, deeper and deeper. Next, she felt something larger following the
same stretching exploration as the first one. And then again, something larger
still. The doctor now had three fingers probing and expanding her rear end
tunnel. She was being prepped for something, but what?  She soon found out.

Something blunted, hard and cold was now trying to gain access to her most
private orifice. She felt some pain and echoed such with moans of distress.
But they fell on deaf ears as the doctor concentrated on getting the shiny
metal dildoe deep within the confines of Barbara's rectum. A few more twists,
a little more lubricant, a couple more thrusting in and out, and finally it
was done. The anal probe had settled itself deeply inside of Barbara's bung
hole.

"Raise yourself up Barbie." said the doctor. And she did.

"Bring your left hand behind you Barbie, I will guide it to your butt plug and
I want you to hold it where it is, do not pull it out, just keep it where it's
at." The doctor orders were clear and precise and Barbara followed them like a
well trained soldier to her horror and confusion.

"Now Barbie, I want you to turn around and face me. Keep your legs far apart.
Put your right hand behind you and grasp the top of the chair. I want you to
use that chair as a balance point so you can lean your body backwards. If you
understand nod your head and then do it."

Barbara was again aghast at how her body responded to whatever Dr Brigs told
her to do while her mind was telling, screaming, to do otherwise as her head
moved up and down, and her body moved into it's new position. Her left hand
still holding the dildoe stuffed up her butt.

Barbara was now able to watch what the doctor was doing to her. But somehow
this seem to only add another level of stress and anguish to Barbara's already
anxious state.

The doctor took off her gloves and began touching her around her clean shaven
labia lips. She seemed to be very clinical in her approach, as if looking for
something. Barbara watched as the doctor reached for the lubricating jelly and
began applying it around her tender sensuous pussy, and the area within. Even
though Dr Brigs was a doctor, Barbara still felt like she was being sexually
assaulted by what was happening to her. And given the blatant fact that
Barbara was totally powerless to stop the doctor from currently raping her
with her fingers, she felt a sense of object humiliation and shame for it too.
For while she was forced to suffer this outrageous act of violence against her
will, she was never-the-less aroused by it too.

Barbara watched in terror as the doctor took another dildoe and began using it
to play with her smooth clean pussy. Oh the doctor was definitely toying with
her, she could see it in her demon smile and the way she continue to taunt her
labia lips and clit with that obscene vibration proboscis. All Barbara could
do was to close her eyes and hope it would be over soon. But she could still
feel the doctor manipulating that damn thing inside her. Twisting and pushing
it in deeper and deeper with each forceful thrust of that damn metallic
vibrating phallic pole. That same motion was soon causing Barbara to emit a
low grade moan of physical pleasure which made her feel all the more ashamed
with herself. Finally, the mixture of torment and delight stopped and the
doctor spoke.

"Barbie, I want you to stand up. Bring your legs back together and use your
right hand to hold this dildoe in your pussy were it's at. Do not remove it,
just keep it from coming out." Barbara regretfully complied. The doctor sat in
her chair and stared with hungry eyes at her robot like toy executing her
orders without resistance. Her behavior model worked better than she thought,
or could ever dream of.

"Barbie, step into the center of the room and begin to turn around slowly.
Keep revolving until I tell you to stop."

Barbara felt totally out of control. No matter how hard she tried to NOT do
what the doctor ordered she couldn't stop herself. Her mind was hers but her
body wasn't. So she slowly walked to the center of the room and began to turn
around in place. Her hands still holding the two dildoes deeply inside of her.
Not only did she feel humiliated, but also betrayed. Betrayed by the doctor
who she though of as a good friend, and betrayed by her own body for not
following what her mind told it to do. A tear began to roll down her cheek.

*************************************************************************************

                            "A Lab Rat"

                             by Musker

                              Part 3

The doctor went to a basin and washed the jell off her hands. While she was
drying them off she watched as her new animated toy displayed it's erotic self
like a department store dummy on a revolving platform.

"Now Barbie I want you to go to the test chair and I will help you into it for
part two of the experiment. Do not fight me on this. Just be a good little
girl and follow my lead."

Barbara stopped revolving and slowly walked to the chair. One hand behind her
holding the butt plug securely inside. The other in front keeping a firm grasp
on the deeply planted dildoe that was stretching her pussy lips uncomfortably
wide.

"There you are my dear, all hooked up and ready to go." It took the doctor a
little longer to get Barbara situated in the correct position as well as
attaching a few more metal disks to monitor other private parts of her
completely nude body. Both dildoes had to be connected to their corresponding
shafts that protruded from the chair at just the right angle, and that took a
little time even though Barbara followed the doctor's order post haste.

The doctor looked at her nude, wired up lab rat with hungry eyes. It was no
longer necessary to bind Barbara down to the chair. A simple command of "stay"
to Barbie was all that was necessary. She looked into Barbara's frighten
sorrowful eyes and decided to let her speak.

"You may speak now Barbie, but NO tantrums, yelling, foul mouthed attacks
or asking me to let go. I will not tolerate any such nonsense. Do you
understand Barbie?"

Barbara shook her head yes. Finally something her mind and body could agree
upon. Then Barbara spoke.

"Why are you doing this to me?" she said in a pleading way that would have
melted the coldest of heart, unless it was made of steel like Dr Brigs.

"Awe, poor baby." the doctor compassionately replied, more out of evil satire
than kind empathy. At the same time she brushed away some loose hairs from
Barbara's strained face.

"It's like I told you sweetie. It is an experiment in advertising funded by
corporate America. Well, it's not just that as you can now tell. I have my own
secret agenda too. And that is what part two is about. Part one was to collect
data regarding what a person focuses on and responds to in viewing TV
commercials for which I am handsomely paid by various businesses. Addendum to
part one, and for my own personal interest, is to see if certain subliminal
stimuli can be impressed on a viewer's psyche at the same time. Kind of what
they use in stores. While they play music, and at the same time without anyone
being consciously aware of it, they play audio messages like "don't steal",
"shopping is fun", "buy merchandise" etc. Except in my case I am more
aggressive in those subliminal messages. And as you can plainly see in your
current situation, extremely successful with the results.

"Part two of the experiment is, I must confess, for my own personal pleasure.
You see my dear, I am a woman who is getting on in years and of the lesbian
persuasion. Most of the time I am very busy and don't have the time to seek
out a companion, let alone find one that can satisfy my, how shall I say it,
my "special taste" as it were. So, that is where part two and you come in."

Barbara on the brink of tears and in a childish tone uttered "But I am not a
lesbian, so why me?"

"That is true my precious, and the research in part one confirmed it
overwhelmingly. You are a vibrant heterosexual female who loves and is
aroused by men, not women . . . at least for now that is."

Terror crosses Barbara face as she suddenly knew what part two was going to
be. But she had no idea as to how intense or perverse the mad doctor was going
to make it.

"So a large segment of part two will be in broadening and then focusing your
sexual interests and responses from men to women. Oh don't look too worried my
dear. I won't eliminate all of your interest in men, my research over the
years has shown that to be impossible. But I can shift both your preference
and intensity to women over men. Whether you like it or not.

"The remaining segment of part two will be in acclimating you into sharing the
same 'special interests' as I do."

Somehow Barbara was afraid to ask what that might be, but her facial
expressions echo her thoughts to the evil doctor's delight.

"Your probably wondering what that is too. Well, I do like women as I have
already said, but my sexual appetite is for a special type of woman. I don't
like the aggressive types, the proverbial biker dykes, or the todays feminist
woman. The women that I like are very feminine, the lipstick powder puff type.
I like bimbos! That's right my dear, I like busty, big hair, small waist,
broad hipped, dainty, air headed girly girls. Basically the complete reverse
of what you are my dear. And I like them submissive and in all sorts of fetish
wear too. Mmmmmmmmm, I get so aroused just thinking about it. And I am happy
to say, to which you will be greatly disappointed in hearing, you are going to
become just that. My little sexy bimbo slave girl. How do you like, Barbie?!"

Barbara just shook her head in a flamboyant NO as tears gush from her eyes.
"No, you can't do this. I won't let you. You won't get away with it. You can't
do . . . " and Barbara immediately stopped talking when Dr Brigs told Barbie
to be quiet. Then the Doctor looked straight into Barbara tearful eyes and
with all the determination she could put into a few important words she
voiced,

"I can! I will! And no one, not even God can stop me!"

The Doctor then took pity on the weeping puppet girl and tried to console her.

"There, there, my sweet girl. Don't be like that. It won't be too bad. In
fact, it will be so gradual that you will not even know it's happening to you
until it is all over with and far to late for you to do anything about. We
have the whole summer together to get it done in. By the time the next
semester starts your fading athletic build will be replaced with one more
becoming to a sex object. You breasts will go from a "C" cup to a "DD", your
waist will be corseted down from it's thick 28 inch, to a hour glass tiny 18,
and your hips will flare to a sexy curvy 38 inches. I'll have you practicing
each and every day walking in gradually higher and higher heels until your
wearing 5 inch stilettos and walking in hip swaying gyrating struts. I'll have
your hair colored and styled in a wonderful big blonde bimbo stereotype. And
your face, well, I know this doctor friend who owes me a big favor. With his
expertise and my guiding hand, we will have you looking like the proverbial
emptied air headed bimbo that men fantasize to fuck, but would never ever
marry. You will have big vacant puppy dog eyes, a cute little pixie nose, and
a full set of voluptuous pouting lips aching to be kissed, or suck something.

"By the time the summer is over with you will look nothing like you look
today, no one will even recognize you as Barbara ever again. And with my
subliminal behavior changing methods, you will act and sound nothing like
yourself either. And the best part of all, I will have a lawyer friend of mine
legally change your name too, for the simple price of a blow job, by you of
course. You will go from Ms Barbara Derman, independent, intelligent, and
resourceful college coed of today, to Barbie Doll, wanton bimbo sex toy of Dr
Madeline Brigs.

"My very own Barbie Doll, who I can play with however I want. And I will too.
I'll dress you in all sorts of tight sexy clothes and have you model them for
me, and maybe for some of my very close girlfriends too. You will wear all
sorts of fetish clothes. Lots of latex, rubber and leather outfits. I think
you will learn to love the feel of them on your skin as much as I will love
feeling them on you. If not, no big deal. There's nothing you will be able to
do about it anyway. My training methods will see to that.

"And we will play. All sorts of sexy and exciting games. You will learn to
become Barbie the adorable obedient French Maid. You will be her a lot, both
in fantasy and in real life too. This way I will have no need for any outside
maid service when you move into my home. It will be so nice watching you do
the house work, the cooking, the cleaning, and the dusting in your tight latex
maid's outfit with your huge tits barely contained inside. I can just imagine
hearing the distinct clicking sounds your 5 inch heels make on the hard wood
floors as you scurry to get you chores done on time or else risk punishment,
and punish I will too my little strumpet. It's all part of my life, my
passion, my desire. And soon yours too.

"Then there will be Barbie the Hooker. All dressed up in shiny red rubber and
black leather swaggering around street corners trying your best to attract
someone you can have sex with for money. Maybe I'll have some of my friends
pick you up and use you for the night, anyway they want. Won't that be fun?
Licking some strange woman's pussy or sucking, and pussy fucking, some guys
long fat hard cock all night long. Hmmmmm, I'll have to train you to deep
throat a guy without gagging. It's no big deal just a lot of practice that's
all. Maybe I'll have you do a gang bang. That would be interesting, cock after
cock after cock, or will it be pussy after pussy after pussy, maybe even both,
we'll see. It does sound like something I would like to have a tape of though.
Then we can watch it together later on as you perform orally on my own pussy.
Now that sounds delicious, doesn't it doll?

"Oh, and maybe, I can rent you out as a secretary or receptionist. On second
thought, that might not be a good idea. I think it would be a little too much
for my precious little air headed bimbo to deal with. However, we can role
play it. That's it! You won't have to tax that soon to be little numb brain of
yours. Just go through the motions as your working comrades come by and use
you for various sexual cravings, both men and women.

"But the most wonderful adventure that I am going to enjoy with you, and as
such we will be doing it quite often. It is something that really gets my
juices flowing to the max. My greatest passion in life you might say. My
goodness, it get's me so hot and wet just thinking about it. Mmmmmm . . . I
can feel my panties getting so wet right now. Maybe later I'll let you smell
and munch on them on the ride home my pet. You'll like that won't you?
Hahahaha, in a few hours from now, at least you will look like you do.

"But the thing that really gets my pussy gushing is BONDAGE, and disciplining
sweet bimbo's like your going to be into sweet submission. I have a whole
dungeon loaded with all sorts of gear and apparatuses. And your going to
experience every last one of them, many, many times doll.

"I can't wait to show you off at one of those kinky parties. You will be my
submissive kinky Frankensteinist as I lead you around tether at the end of a
leash. Your bimbo self will be displayed in complete restrained regalia. Your
entire body will be covered from head to toe in hot pink rubber. The only
parts left open will be your eyes, nipples and body orifices. But not for
long.

"I'll have you wear a severe black leather corset. Oh I am afraid it is going
to be very uncomfortably tight on you dear. But by then you will want to
please me in every way possible, so you will beg me to wear it so very
tightly. Really Barbie, you will beg. I'll train you to.

"Your arms will be held behind your back in a black leather single glove.
Don't worry my dear, when that time comes having your elbows touch behind your
back for extended periods of time will become second nature to you. Although
it will take some time to get you to that level, but I will be diligent in
your training and won't let up a single moment no matter how hard or how long
you beg and plea for mercy. That goes to show you how much I really care about
you sweetie pie.

"And lets not forget about your shoes, or I think this time we will go with
boots. Yes, knee high, stiletto heeled, black shiny boots. I may even have you
wear a pair of short linked ankle cuffs with them. I do so love watching a
bound bimbo mince around in dainty little steps with her heels clicking upon a
hard floor. But then I told you that already didn't I slave girl.

"Let's see what else is there, oh yes, we have to fill up your holes too. Oh
that is easy. Long, fat, rubber dildoes for your pussy and ass, much bigger
than you are wearing now. I think I'll have them vibrate and shock you
remotely. Yes, then I can control you even from afar. We can even work out a
code. One ass shock for turning left, one pussy shock for turning right. A
vibrating ass plug for backing up and a vibrating pussy plug for moving
straight ahead. And one big ass shock to get you going and a equal or better
shock to you pussy to stop. Oh won't that be great. I can even have people
play with you through the night like some wind up toy doll. But then again, at
that point, that's exactly what you will be.

"Oh my goodness, I almost completely forgot about your head. Well that just
will not do. Let me think. A rigid corset neck collar first off. It will hold
that pretty empty head of yours still, erect and constantly looking forward.
A gag is a must. I can't tell you enough how much I love hearing the
distressed sounds of a gagged woman. All the moans and groans of a helpless
femme fatale emanating from a well packed mouth makes me cream my panties,
WHOOPS! I just did! Oh well, something for you to snack on, on the way home
tonight dear. And that vacant teary eye expression when you feel your on the
very edge of choking if that gag was made just a bit bigger. Oh yes, we're
definitely going to have to practice on controlling your gagging response. I
don't want anything bad to happen to my little toy doll now that I have her. I
guess you can tell that your going to be gagged a lot, practically all the
time in fact. Oh well, such is life, your pitiful little life that is.

"So, I think an inflatable bladder gag in combination with a whole head
hardness will look good on you at that party honey pot. Lots of thin black
leather straps going around your pink latex clad head. First, I will buckle
them all nice and firm, then I'll pump up that bladder gag until I get that
glassy eye look from you. Oh your going to look so cute with those straps
biting deeply into your latex covered face. Seeing your bug eyed expression
over inflated hot pink cheeks. That image of you in my mind's eye is getting
me so excited right now. And to top it off, I'll have your long blonde hair
pulled through a hole at the top of your latex hood and braided into a long
pony tail. Oh, that reminds me. Have you ever heard of a ponygirl dear? Never
mind, you will experience it soon enough.

"My oh my, you are certainly going to be one kinky exotic sight at that party.
A firmly restrained bimbo in contrasting colors. People will envy me owning
such a doll like you. They're going to want to touch you all over. Especially
those big fat tits of yours. Oh did I mention that your nipples are going to
be pierced and ringed too. Yes indeed, big shiny rings hanging down from long
hard erect nipples resting on a bountiful ripen pair of pussy wetting breasts.
My oh my, I can almost taste there sweet milk now.

"Yes indeed my tender love doll, you and I are going to be a major hit at
that party, and all the other parties we will be attending too. I just know,
together, we will be quite the popular social couple. Of course this means we
will have to have a tremendous wardrobe of clothes to wear. Mine will be very
fashionable and chic, in a dominating fetish kind of way. While yours will be
nothing but bright rich colors of slut wear accented with intense, tight,
immovable, hole filling bondage. It will be a grand experience for the both of
us my love object. Maybe by then you will be able to appreciate and be aroused
by it as much as I do. If not, no big deal. By then you will be to far into
playing the bimbo slave girl to put up much of a rebellion for me. Poor, poor
Barbara.

"Hmmmm . . . there is one final part about this training method of mine that
I'm not sure if I should tell you or not. On the other hand it may prove
interesting in further testing on how well my training system actually does
work. After all, you did prove to be a very resisting subject in getting you
to take the subliminal messages in part one. Hmmmm . . . I think I will tell
you after all. It will be a great challenge to see who actually is the
stronger between us. Ok, here goes.

"You will become Barbie Doll, make no mistake about that. But you will still
be Barbara Derman too, that part of your persona can not be destroyed
whatsoever. What you will be in fact is a person of two personalities, or
identities if you will. My job, and my pleasure I might add, is to make Barbie
Doll the dominant type. Barbara will slowly fade into the background, her
identity, her thoughts, her wants, her dreams, all that Barbara is, is going
to be repressed, encapsulated and placed way back into your mind. Kind of like
a faint echo. Barbie is going to come forth in all her stereotyped, bondage
loving, submissive bimbo self. And if I have my way about it, that is how you
are going to stay, forever and ever. Unless I get tired of you. Then I'll just
sell you at a handsome profit to one of my friends or business associates.
They are always on the lookout for a lovely piece of mindless fluff that can
lick pussy and suck cock like she was born to.

"But because I am so deviously clever, and a bit sadistic, I am going to have
Barbara switch places with Barbie and come out to express herself sometimes,
or at least try too. What I am saying is that I love conflict and distress. I
love to tease to a point that might be considered over the top. I make no
excuses for it. That's just the way I am and I actually like myself this way
too. No doubt to you, to your utmost regret.

"So when you are looking ever so bimboish, all nicely package in total
scrumptiously tight bondage, I am going to let you, Barbara, come out and
play. Of course there will be very little that you can do in that situation
other than to try and fight for your freedom, get angry with me to the point
of trying to attack me, or be so despondent that you would beg me to take you
out of this functioning bizarre reality and put you back into your little tiny
box deep in your own subconscious mind. Which I will do, but only when I want
you there, not before.

"So why am I telling you this? First off, to taunt you even more than I
already have, I so love doing that. But at the same time give you a small
chance of regaining your life back, Barbara's life that is. My system, as good
as it is, is not prefect. There are some bugs, some loop holes if you will,
that I need to work out in order to make it 100%. And I think you are the one
who is going to help me in that endeavor, like it or not. But in the process
of perfecting my methodology, there is a chance that Barbara will regain
control long enough to free herself and possibly turn the tables on me. It's
all a hypothetical risk you understand. But I am willing to take a calculated
risk in honing my technique. I do believe you will not win, but then again
stranger things have happened, as you now well know.

"So my dear, may the best person, or in your case, sex doll win.

Barbara was in a state of total shock from what she just heard. Her life as
she knew it would soon be changed totally upside down by a mad woman. And she
was powerless to stop her. But there was that one glimpse of hope. That one
last heroic act by her if Doctor Brigs was correct. But how was she suppose to
do that?

The Doctor pulled a final piece of equipment into place. It was a long penis
shaped dildo on the end of a flexible stand. She placed it so it's head and
small centered hole was right in front of Barbara's clenched lips. but still
did not obstruct Barbara's view of the television. Barbara forced her head
back into the head rest as far as it would go in trying to escape that
damnable thing, but it was still a mer fraction of a inch away from her tender
luscious lips.

The Doctor reached for Barbara's hands and tried to move them, but Barbara
kept them there on the hand rest. Her fingers digging deeply into the padding.
The Doctor exhaled with a frustrated sigh, and then commanded "Barbie relax
your arms and hands." She was then easily able to move Barbara's arms so her
hands were covering each of her full beasts. "Keep them there Barbie." Barbara
was unable to move them even though her mind desperately wanted to.

"Now my dear, this is what's going to happen. You are going to watch a series
of videos, X-rated ones. The first one will show a woman having intercourse
with a man. You are to watch the video from the woman's perspective, even to
the point of mimicking her movements and sounds. If you want to moan and groan
more than she does feel free to do so. When her breasts are touched, fondled
and massaged you will do the same to your own, even when the man does it to
her. When he begins thrusting his cock in and out of her wet pussy the chair
device your pussy dildoe is connected to will do the same. In short my
precious sex toy, for all intent and purposes, you will be that fucked over
woman in the movie. Kind of interesting isn't it my little love muffin.

"The next film will be of another woman having anal sex with a guy, and of
course you will copy her behavior to a tee as the both of you are butt fucked
in unionism. Once again the connected dildoe up your butt will match what you
see in the picture. The film after that will be of a woman giving a guy oral
sex. That is why this fake cock is so close to your mouth. You will give this
dildoe the exact same blow job the woman gives that guy, and you will enjoy
doing it too, or at least act like you do. Even though I know you believe woman
should never lower themselves into performing oral sex, you will soon suck
this cock like it was the most natural thing for a woman to do. Do you
understand me Barbie kins?"

Barbara automatically shook her head yes, try as she might not too.

"The final movie will be a woman getting a gang bang. A whole bunch of guys
will be fucking her in all three holes at the same time. You of course will
get and perform the same way. Now, for your sake, I hope you decided to go
with the flow. Hell, you might even have an orgasm, or two , or three, or.
But whether you have an orgasm or not is unimportant, what is important is for
you to imitate those women's behavior as best you can. This is the beginning
of your training as a slut, a cum hole, and sex toy for others. You will run
through each video several times until I see you have mastered your new trade.
After that, we will shut down the equipment and go home.

"Tomorrow will be another day with a quick review of today with something else
new to learn. That is how the entire summer is going to be, review of what was
and experience something new, just like school. Instead of a rich variety of
academic professors training and educating your mind for a future of your own
creation, "I" am going to train and educate your mind, body and soul for a
destiny of "MY" choosing. And of course change your entire life in the
process."

Dr Brigs kissed Barbara on the cheek and set in motion part two of the
project.

A few hours passed when the doctor reentered the room. Her new doll and lab
rat was finishing up her first of many training lessons. Barbara was watching
and emulating the woman being gang banged on the television. All three of her
orifices were being fucked by three artificial manly cocks that the good
doctor provided for her. The doctor stood behind Barbara's head watching her
new Barbie Doll deep throat the rubber cock in front of her. She was doing an
excellent job of mimicking every move of the woman in the video.

Dr Brigs took hold of Barbara's hands from her breasts and laid them back on
the chair's arm rest. She was delighted that she didn't have to give a
verbal order to do so. Another successfully obstacle in the mind control
ladder was accomplished by a little adjustment in the good doctors model.
Again she smile in pleasant satisfaction.

Barbara felt the doctor move her hands and for a moment she actually thought
she could have stopped it. In fact she knew she could, but had second thoughts
in doing so. This might have been what the doctor meant about her regaining
control through some bugs in her computer control model. If she choose to
fight the doctor now, Barbara would be certain to loose. She still could not
control her body. She tried countless times to stop sucking on that damn
dildoe, or to get out of the chair, or simply not watch those obscene videos.
But not once did she have any success. So even if she did get lucky and knock
out the doctor with a hard fist to the side of her head, what good would it do
if she couldn't get out of the chair. No, she will bide her time, wait for
that one key moment when the Dr Brigs lets down her guard, or another bug in
her system is discovered by Barbara, then she will act, and without mercy.

Again Barbara though out her plan. She knew that time was not on her side. The
longer she waited the closer the doctor get's in reaching her goal, and of
finding the bugs, and fixing them. The though of herself becoming more and
more a pumped up sex toy for the mad doctor was beyond revolting and
humiliating. But if she wanted her freedom, eventually, then she would have to
play along, give the doctor false results and in fact take on the persona of a
bimboe fetish sex slave for the doctor. She had to enter hell, do battle with
the devil and hope she makes it out alive as Barbara Derman once more.

The doctor placed her hands on Barbara's soft breasts and began massaging
them. Oh how she loved playing with the big tits of woman. She made a mental
note to herself to give her doctor friend a call so they could start on
remodeling her dolls body into something more appealing to her desires and
"special taste".

The video ended and the TV went blank. Barbara stopped her imitating as well.
The dildoe still a fraction of a inch from her well wore lips, and the other
two probes were still deeply inside her pussy and tail holes. Barbara still
could not move from the chair or speak to the doctor who continued to fondle
her breasts as if they were bread dough.

"I bet you are wondering why I had you watch videos of a man, men, having sex
with a women since I am a full fledge lesbian, aren't you my little cum twat.
Well two reasons, first, my system needs a true base line regarding your
sexual responses. Having you imitate two women making love would have given me
many false reading and result in you actually setting yourself free from me
one day. And we can not have that, now can we sweetie. So I had you watch, and
mimic, what comes natural, and IS natural to you. Well, maybe the gang bang
and oral sex was not quite in your repertoire, but never-the-less it was
useful and IS now. Tomorrow we will start training you on women and soon you
will think of nothing else but having sex with women. Oh I can hardly wait for
that day doll."

Barbara felt her breasts and erect nipples being squeezed extra tight about
then.

"Second, even though I am a lesbian and you are being transformed into some
"thing" that I want you to become, doesn't mean I won't share you with others.
And those others being male too. Thus you will have to please them in anyway
they like. Which means taking it in whatever hole they want to stick it to you
in. That is why the vanilla training itinerary. But fear not my soon to be
bimbo tart, you will not have very many men to please. I will see to that."

The doctor created a forced sinister laugh after saying that.

A few minutes later the doctor prepared Barbara for the trip home. She bound
her nude toy with those cloth velcro straps. Barbara's arms were bound
together behind her back and again to her torso. Another set of cloth
restraints were used to hold the two metal dildoes deeply inside her two lower
orifices. And her upper legs above her knees were held together with another
tight strap.

The doctor then told Barbara to slip her feet in three inch high heel shoes.
A long trench coat was wrapped and fasten around Barbara's bound form, thus
hiding it to the casual observer. A final article of clothing for Barbara to
wear was Dr Brigs's panties, her fully soaked with her sexual juices panties.
And these Barbara wore inside her mouth, all of it, packed deep in her
horrified teary eyed succulent mouth. The doctor told her to keep her lips
sealed around it and to try and suck every last drop of her sweat nectar down
her throat by the time they arrive to her house. And Barbara complied with
disgust and repugnance as her mouth actively chewed and her throat muscles
swallowed as much as they could.

Dr Brigs closed up her office and escorted Barbara to her car. They both drove
off into the setting sun. One with cheerful and optimistic expectations of
seeing a dream soon to be realized. The other in numbing shock, terrorized
to the bone with fear as to what the next day might bring.

                           - The End -
