Madison
by Demonhead
Copyright© 2021 by Demonhead

Chapter 21: Sleepover at Thompson’s

“Daddy, you still ok with us spending the night over here?” Madison said.

“Yes, let me know when Sam talks to her mom.” Henry said.

“Yeah, we are going to call her when she gets off work. I will call you either way.” Madison said.

“Henry, don’t worry, if anything happens, I can take Sam home.” Aaron said.

“Thank you, Aaron. So, I guess it is all set.” Henry said.

“Yay! Thank you, daddy.” Madison jumped up and hugged him. She gabbed Sam’s hand and pulled her to the pool. They both jumped in and everyone at the table heard the screams and smiled.

“To have that kind of energy.” Barry said.

“Yes, and after running a remarkable race.” Aaron said.

“Speaking of that, Katie, how did you enjoy that race.” Brad said and laughed. All the guys snickered.

“Fuck all of you, that was brutal, I was a mess.” She said.

“Literally, actually honey, I have to admit it was almost as much fun to watch you as the race.” Brad said.

“I am glad I could provide you such good entertainment.” Katie said and stood with a crooked smile on her face.

“Baby, we are just teasing you, I love the passion, it looks good on you.” Brad said and rubbed her ass.

“Nice save, I am going to swim with two people that appreciate me.” Katie said and Brad popped her on the ass as she walked away. They watched her jump into the pool, and they heard two wonderful squeals.

“Brad, you are right, with mascara running down her face and her hair looking like it was in a tornado, I don’t know that I have seen her hotter.” Aaron said.

“Yeah, I agree.” Brad said.

The guys sat and watched the girls wrestle and chase each other around the pool. All of them enjoyed the occasional flash of yellow or black flying through the air and the subsequent scream before they hit the water. It was fun to watch.

“Barry, are you about ready? I do have a few things to do around the house.” Henry said and Barry fought back the urge to say, “Absolutely not”. He could sit here and watch this all night.

“Sure Henry, I am ready when you are.” He said and figured he would be watching a certain video again tonight since he would not be getting any new material.

Madison saw her daddy standing up and she swam over to the steps. She walked out of the pool and all the guys stopped and watched her. Something about a pretty girl being just a little prettier when wet. They watched the water drip off her cute body as she walked up to the table.

“Daddy, are you guys leaving?” Madison said and put her wet arm around him.

“Yes, sweetie, I have to get some laundry done or you won’t have anything to wear to school.” He said and an image of Madison walking the hall naked flashed across the brain of all the other guys.

“I could just wear this to school.” She said. She looked at Aaron and he looked to be struggling. She smiled at him.

“I am afraid I would get a call for sure if you did that.” Henry said and hugged her.

Sam walked out of the water, causing all the eyes to divert to her. She walked up and stood next to Madison. It was like an exercise in opposites, blonde hair versus dark, yellow bikini versus black. What was not opposite was the firm, tight little bodies that were dripping water.

“Thank you again Brad for the food and drinks and hospitality. Also, thank you for putting up with these two goofballs all night.” Henry said and ran his hand over Madison’s wet head.

“Henry, your family is always welcome here and as far as these two goofballs I am sure they will provide much laughter and enjoyment.” He said as he looked at Madison’s little yellow bikini and wondered how long it would take before it was on the ground.

Henry turned towards the pool and was immediately in a hug from Katie. He felt her boobs against his chest and wrapped his arms around her.

“Thank you for putting up with me at the race, Henry.” Katie said as she hugged him.

“You are very welcome, it was a lot of fun. Thank you, guys, for coming.” Henry said and she pulled back.

“Are you kidding? That was the most exciting think I have ever seen.” Katie said and smiled at the girls.

“Daddy, you are wet.” Madison said and giggled. Henry looked down and his shirt was wet from the hug.

“Oh well, it was worth it for a hug like that.” He said.

“Yeah, those are good hugs.” Madison said and Katie smiled.

Henry started walking towards the house, Madison holding his hand. Barry followed behind and felt something touch his hand. He looked down and Sam grabbed his hand and walked next to him. She smiled up at him. His heart felt good as he held her hand and walked out to the car.

Madison hugged Henry as Barry and Sam watched. He was squeezing her, and her arms were around his neck. Sam squeezed Barry’s hand, he looked down at her and she was watching the hug intensely. He watched her and he saw her eyes get glassy. He knelt and looked at her.

“Sam, can I have a hug?” He said and she nodded.

He wrapped his arms around the young girl, and he felt her strong arms around his neck. He held her and he was pretty sure he felt a sob as she hugged him. His heart broke for this girl, what was going on with her? She was so happy most of the time but then there were these times. He held onto her and she eventually pulled back.

“Thank you, Mr. Jones. That was nice.” Sam said.

“Sam, I am here for you whenever you need that.” He said.

“Thanks.” Sam said.

Barry slid into the front seat and Henry started the car. They waved to the girls standing in the driveway in their bikinis. God, they were pretty. He was looking forward to watching his little tape.

Madison and Sam watched the car drive away. Madison looked at Sam and smiled an evil smile.

“You are scary. You look like one of those murderers in those slasher movies.” Sam said.

“What? Little ole me?” Madison said and Sam chuckled.

“What is going on in that warped little head of yours?” Sam said.

“Do you remember when you said you would be ok with whatever I did to you?” Madison said.

“Yeah.” Sam said slowly.

“Do you still feel that way?” Madison said.

“I think so, you are a pervert, but I trust you.” Sam said.

“Ok, you know I have changed since I stayed here for a week.” Madison said.

“Duh, just a little.” Sam said and Madison giggled.

“Well, the Thompsons, specifically Katie showed me a lot of new things. They took it slow but now I love doing them and they are wonderful. You got a taste of it last night.” Madison said.

“Yeah, I figured. We have been having sleepovers for 9 years and that is the first time you licked my pussy. So, I would say you have changed a little.” Sam said.

“After having a day to think about it are you still ok with that?” Madison said.

“Yes, absolutely, it was the best thing that ever happened to me. I am curious if it was because it was you or if it feels like that every time. The only thing I can think about is when it will happen again.” Sam said and hugged her.

“Well, my friend, you may not have to wait very long.” Madison said in her ear as she hugged her. Sam pulled out of the hug and looked at her.

“What do you mean?” Sam said.

“All of the people in that house love us a lot. They are willing to do anything that makes us happy if we want them to. Do you want them to?” Madison said.

“Oh God, do you mean like some of the stuff we did last night?” Sam said.

“If that is what you want. Do you want Katie to get between your pretty legs?” Madison said and put her hands on Sam’s cheeks.

“Yes, please.” Sam said and Madison smiled.

“I love you Samantha Simmons.” Madison said and kissed her pretty friend. She ran her tongue into her mouth slowly and wrapped her arms around her. She pulled back after a couple of minutes, Sam’s face looked flushed.

“Are you ready?” Madison said and Sam nodded.

“Ok, tonight is going to be special. I will be with you and help you the whole time. If you ever feel uncomfortable or have a question you let me know.” Madison said and Sam felt a shiver run through her body.

“Ok.” Sam said.

“Good, are you ready to do some things you have never done before?” Madison said.

“I guess so, but you are still a little scary.” Sam said.

“Nothing that happens will be scary, believe me. Just stay with me and relax.” Madison said and took Sam’s hand.

Sam walked with her friend, uncertain of what she was walking into. She knew her friend had changed recently, and she was pretty sure she was going to find out why tonight. She took a deep breath and they walked into the backyard.

Aaron watched the girls walk up and they continued until they were standing next to him. Madison had a strange look in her eyes. His poor cock lurched again as he looked at the two incredibly cute girls.

“Aaron, would you mind if we practiced on you? I want to teach Sam.” Madison said and Aaron was stunned as was Brad and Katie as they sat there.

“Um, I guess so.” Aaron said and Madison frowned.

“We can practice on Mr. Thompson if you are not sure.” She said and smiled.

“You little devil, don’t you dare. You put me in this state with your little lotion trick.” He said.

“Good, I was hoping you would say that.” Madison said and grabbed his hand.

She walked him over to the lounges. She and Sam sat down as Aaron stood next to the lounge. Madison looked up at him and reached for his pants.

“Sam, Aaron likes it when we wear our bikinis and he especially likes to rub suntan lotion on us. When those things happen, it causes this.” Madison said and pulled his cock out of his pants. Sam gasped and put her hand to her mouth.

Madison held the cock in her little hand. Aaron looked down and he loved the look of her little white hand on his cock. Madison pulled Sam closer and grabbed one of her hands.

“Just hold it like this.” Madison said and Sam gently grabbed his cock. He started to take deep breaths.

“It is so big and really hard.” Sam said.

“Yeah, you did that.” Madison said and Sam looked at her.

“Right, Aaron?” Madison said and looked up at him. Aaron nodded.

“Really, do all guys get this way?” Sam said.

“When you are walking around yeah probably most of them.” Madison said and Sam smiled as she held Aaron’s cock.

“What do we do?” Sam said.

“Well, Aaron likes it when I do this.” Madison said and licked the head of his cock slowly.

Aaron moaned and Sam looked up at him. His eyes were closed, and he looked like he was really enjoying this. She looked at her friend and then leaned forward and ran her tongue over his cock. It tasted salty but not bad, it felt weird under her tongue. Madison licked down the shaft and Sam did the same on the other side.

Katie reached over and grabbed Brad’s hand. He was holding his phone and she knew she would be watching this video many times. She could feel her nipples trying to poke a hole in her top and her pussy was just about to boil it was so hot. She slid her hand into her bottoms. She reached down and put her other hand on Brad’s crotch. He groaned.

“If you do any more than that I will blast in my pants.” He said and she giggled.

Aaron looked down and the two girls were licking and kissing his cock like it was an ice cream cone. He had never seen anything so beautiful in his life. He heard Madison giving instructions to her friend.

“Ok, now try and put it in your mouth like this.” Madison said and sucked the head of his cock into her warm mouth. He groaned and tried to hold on.

Madison pulled off and then Sam slid his cock into her small mouth. He looked down and saw her lips stretched around his cock and it was too much. He groaned and fired a load into her mouth. She pulled off, startled, and his next load hit her in the nose. He saw the surprised look on her face and then Madison took his cock into her mouth and swallowed his last load. She sucked it clean and then turned to her friend who had cum running down her chin and cheeks.

“What was that?” Sam said, still holding the cock.

“First, you can let go of him now.” Madison said and Sam pulled back.

“Sorry.” She said and looked up at Aaron. He looked down at the little blonde with his cum on her face.

“Thank you, girls.” He said and stumbled back to the table.

“That is what happens when you do that for them. When you get better you can catch it in your mouth. How does it taste?” Madison said.

“Weird, slimy, but not horrible.” Sam said and licked her lips.

Aaron sat at the table and took a huge drink of beer. Katie and Brad were staring at him with their mouths hanging open.

“Holy fuck, that was hot.” Brad said and Aaron nodded.

“That was amazing. We have created a monster.” Katie said.

They all looked, and Madison was walking up. She stood between Brad and Aaron.

“Aaron, thank you for letting us practice. Sam will need more practice when you are ready.” Madison said and kissed him on the lips. Katie snickered.

“Katie, can we borrow Mr. Thompson while Aaron rests?” She said.

“Sweetie, that is up to Mr. Thompson. Brad, would you be ok with the girls practicing on you?” Katie said and giggled.

“Katie, that is a stupid question.” Madison said and took Mr. Thompson’s hand. Katie laughed.

Madison led Brad over to the lounges and he saw Sam sitting there with Aaron’s cum on her face. God, that was hot. Madison opened his pants and pulled out his cock, it was hard as steel. She wrapped her hand around it and Sam put her hand on it as well. Sam started kissing the head and ran her tongue over it slowly. Madison pulled Sam’s other hand down to his balls and he felt a small hand caress his nuts. He groaned.

“They really like it when you do that. Just be careful, they are sensitive there.” Madison said as she showed her friend how to handle a man’s balls.

He saw Madison take her hand off and Sam continued to squeeze his balls gently. Madison pulled her hand off his cock as well, Sam’s hand was by itself on his steel rod. Sam licked the shaft and then moved back to the head. She ran her tongue over it and then slid it into her mouth. She flicked her tongue across it as she held it in her mouth.

He saw Madison whisper to her, and she slid more of his cock into her mouth and looked up at him. He saw the cute blonde with his cock in her mouth and he lost it and blasted a load into her young body. He saw her swallow, but she pulled off and he fired the next load onto her tongue. She tried to keep it all in but some of it flowed out of her mouth onto her chin. He felt another small load fire into her mouth.

Brad pulled back and Sam let go. He walked back to the table and Madison looked up to see Katie walking up. She sat on the lounge.

“Baby, that was incredible, are you ok?” Katie said to Sam.

“Yeah, that was different. Is it always this messy?” She said and Katie giggled.

“No, you will get better at it.” Katie said.

“With more practice.” Madison said and Katie smiled.

“Can you teach me more? That felt good, it seemed like the guys liked it a lot.” Sam said and looked over at them.

“Yeah, they liked it a lot.” Katie said.

“How long until we can do it again?” Sam said.

“Well, they have to rest for a little and then they have to get excited again.” Katie said.

“I know how to do that.” Madison said and kissed Katie gently.

Katie grabbed the girl and continued to kiss her. She slid her tongue into the little mouth and Madison returned the kiss. They wrapped their tongues around each other as Katie held Madison’s head. Katie pulled back and smiled.

“Yes, that will do it.” Katie said.

Madison kissed Sam and Katie watched the two girls. They had obviously done this before as their mouths and tongues started dancing immediately. Madison was holding Sam’s head and Sam had her hand on Madison’s arm. Katie thought it was precious and she felt a tingle between her legs. Madison pulled back slowly, and Sam took a deep breath. Madison gently pushed Sam towards Katie.

Katie kissed the young girl. It was soft at first as their lips met and got used to each other. She slipped her tongue in and Sam opened her mouth. She felt the little tongue flicker across hers. She put her hand on Sam’s head and pulled her closer. Katie kissed the pretty blonde deep and loved the feel of her skin under her hands as she hugged her.

Sam was starting to feel like she was in a dream. She had sucked on two cocks and now she was kissing Katie. She loved kissing Madison and she figured she always would, but Katie was magical. Her tongue was exploring the inside of her mouth and Sam was loving it. She was not sure if it was because it was the first time or if Katie was different. She was looking forward to figuring it out.

Aaron and Brad were watching the scene on the lounge and feeling their sore cocks coming back to life. Brad wondered if he could ever watch something like this and not get hard. He hoped that would never happen.

“Katie, can you show me something else?” Sam said as she pulled off the wonderful kiss.

“Sure, sweetie.” Katie said and kissed the soft lips again.

“Well, Madison did something to me last night and it was wonderful. I need to return the favor, but I don’t know how to do it.” Sam said and Katie looked at Madison.

“Dressing room.” Madison said and Katie nodded.

“I see, she is good at that, isn’t she?” Katie said and remembered the last time she had Madison’s tongue on her pussy. She shivered.

“Yes ma’am, that is the best thing that has ever happened to me.” Sam said.

“Well, I think we should get started. Madison, you need to lay down. I will be right back.” Katie said and walked off.

“So, rock star, you ready for this?” Sam said and ran her fingers over Madison’s tight stomach.

“Oh yes, you have no idea how long I have been waiting for this.” Madison said.

“Yeah, I think I do have an idea. I have been watching you for a while. Even before you stayed with the Thompsons you liked to watch me in the shower.” Sam said, her fingers running over the tight tummy.

“You are so pretty; it was impossible not to look.” Madison said.

“I admit I was looking at you too. You are perfect.” Sam said and kissed her.

The girls kissed until Katie returned. Madison looked up and she was holding something soft and black. Katie sat down.

“Madison, are you ready for a mind-blowing experience?” Katie said and held up an eye mask. Madison nodded.

“I am going to put this on you and then I am going to teach your friend how to make you very happy. You will not be able to see us so you will just have to react to the touch.” Katie said and Madison felt her body heat up immediately.

“Ok.” She whispered and Katie slid the mask over her eyes.

“You can take it off anytime you want but if you keep it on you will not be sorry.” Katie said.

Madison nodded and then tried to imagine the scene. She was laying on the lounge like she had done many times before. Katie had done this to her a few times but now it felt so different. She could feel her body vibrating with excitement. Her nipples were hard, and she felt her pussy getting wet. She could feel her hips moving but she could not stop them. No one had touched her yet and she felt herself getting close just from the anticipation.

Katie watched the young girl squirm on the lounge. She had never seen anyone react to the blindfold like this before but then again, she had never met anyone like Madison. She could almost feel the heat coming off her. She looked over at the table and motioned the boys over. They got up and walked over, Katie looked at Brad and he took out his phone and started to record.

“Sam, touch her lightly.” Katie said and pulled Sam’s hand to Madison’s thigh.

Sam touched her inner thigh softly and Madison gasped and moved her hips. Sam smiled and touched her a little lower on her leg. Madison moaned and Sam ran her finger down the inside of her leg to her knee and then back up slowly. She saw Katie motioning and she ran her finger almost to the edge of Madison’s bikini and stopped. Madison thrust her hips up and Sam giggled.

“Patience, rock star.” Sam whispered and Katie smiled.

“Oh God, this feels so good.” Madison said and did not know what to do with her hands. She was rubbing on her tummy and hips.

Katie pulled off her top and tied Madison’s right hand to the lounge. Madison groaned. Katie untied Sam’s top and looked at the girl. Sam nodded and Katie slipped her top off. Sam’s breasts were fabulous, Katie touched the nipple lightly and Sam made a small noise. She was looking forward to playing with these later but for now Madison was the focus. Katie tied Madison’s left hand with Sam’s top.

“Are you ok, honey?” Katie whispered.

“Oh yes.” Madison said in a gasp.

Katie smiled and looked at Brad. He was sweating and his cock was raging in his pants. She could only imagine what Aaron was feeling, she only hoped he wouldn’t knock her in the back of the head with his cock. She had plans for that cock, she hoped he could hold on. She looked at Sam and tried to look in her eyes, it was difficult.

“Softly.” Katie whispered and Sam started touching Madison’s legs again.

Sam ran her finger along her friend’s leg and could feel the heat coming off her body. She looked at her face and she was sweating; her forehead was glistening, and her mouth was opening and closing. She could see her nipples through her top, they were rock hard. It looked like Madison was going out of her mind, Sam hoped she was next.

Madison was in a lust-filled dream. Her body was vibrating under Sam’s finger, she loved the fact that she couldn’t see, it was exhilarating, and this would not be the last time this would happen. She felt Sam’s finger on her thigh and willed it to continue. She groaned as it stopped at the edge of her bikini bottom and tried to move her hips closer to the finger. God, this was exciting.

Katie moved to the side of Madison as Sam continued teasing her legs. She reached under Madison and pulled the tie of her top. She felt it loosen and then she pulled the tie at her neck. The top was free and just laying across Madison’s breasts. She ran her finger along the edge of the top and Madison moaned. Katie pulled back and let Sam take care of her friend.

Katie motioned and Sam pulled the tie of Madison’s bikini bottoms gently. Katie saw the knot loosen and slowly fall open. Sam was good at this; she reached over and untied the other side just as slow. Now Madison’s suit was laying across her body. Katie pointed to the top and Sam slowly pulled the top off Madison. Katie saw the beautiful breasts appear and it looked so hot to see Sam’s breasts hovering so close to Madison’s. Katie motioned and Sam touched Madison’s nipple with her own. Madison groaned and Katie rubbed her own pussy as she watched.

“Sam, do whatever you think she will like. Love her and you will be fine.” Katie whispered.

Sam leaned over and licked the tight nipple. Madison moved as she felt the warm wet tongue on her throbbing breast. Sam sucked on the nipple gently. She ran her fingers over the other one and touched the nipple as she sucked on the opposite one. Madison was moving and her hips were grinding, Katie knew she was close, it would not take much more. This was fascinating, she was sort of making it up as she went but it felt like a scene in a movie now.

Sam moved up and kissed Madison. Madison moved her head to try and get closer to Sam, Sam leaned into her and kissed her hard as she held her nipple between her fingers. Madison was moaning into her friend’s mouth. Sam pulled back and Madison gasped. Sam pinched her nipple and let go. Katie motioned and she moved down. Sam lifted one of the ties on Madison’s bottom slowly and the bottom moved and finally dropped between her legs, displaying the young pussy.

Aaron and Brad rubbed their cocks as they looked down at this scene. It was something nether of them ever thought possible in their wildest dreams. Madison was blindfolded and her arms tied to the lounge. She was naked and now she had spread her legs and put a foot on the ground on each side of the lounge. Her pussy was open and looked to be pulsing. It was incredibly wet. Oh yeah, Katie and Sam were topless, throw that on the fantasy bonfire.

Sam moved to the end of the lounge and crawled up between Madison’s legs. Katie was pointing to certain parts of Madison’s pussy and whispering instructions. Sam was listening as her face was inches from her pretty friend. She put her hands on Madison’s thighs and looked up at her face and boobs. It was a beautiful sight. She leaned over and gently touched Madison’s pussy with her tongue.

“Oh God!” Madison screamed and moved her hips. Sam pulled back and Katie smiled.

“Slowly.” Katie said and Sam touched the warm pussy again with her soft tongue.

Her friend tasted good; it was salty but sweet as well. She wondered if the taste was impacted by how much she loved the girl. She ran her tongue along the edge of Madison’s lips, gathering the wetness on her tongue. She could see Madison’s little button and it was throbbing. She knew it would be over as soon as she touched that. She licked all around it and Madison moaned.

Katie watched Sam lick around Madison’s pussy, the girl was a natural. She had Madison on the edge, and she was playing with her. This was amazing to watch. She looked up and saw Aaron standing there, his cock massive in his pants. She grabbed his hand and pulled him over. She opened his pants and pulled out his huge black cock. It was hard as steel again and looked to be already throbbing. She moved him over to the end of the lounge and placed his cock on Madison’s lips. The young girl latched onto the cock and started sucking like it was a lifeline. Her moans were now muffled with a mouthful of black cock.

Katie sat back and looked at the scene, she was rubbing herself as she watched Sam feast on Madison’s pussy and Madison trying to swallow Aaron’s cock. She looked up at Brad and saw the phone in his hand. Thank God, someone is capturing this for posterity. This was going to be a classic. Sam was working hard now, and Madison was moaning around the black cock. Katie saw her hips moving more now and Sam was holding onto her thighs to keep from being thrown off the lounge.

“Now Sam, bring her home.” Katie whispered and she saw Sam latch onto Madison’s clit.

Madison screamed and Aaron’s cock popped out of her mouth and started spraying cum on her chest. Sam’s tongue and Aaron’s warm delivery on her body pushed her over the edge. A massive orgasm hit her, and she was thrashing around. She could not pull Sam off with her hands tied so Sam continued licking and sucking her clit. Madison felt her body go numb with pleasure and then she felt it explode in her crotch. She screamed again and Katie started kissing her to keep the neighbors from calling the police. Sam continued and she felt her friend relax for a second and then her hips started again.

Katie held the kiss and started rubbing Aaron’s cum into Madison’s chest. She ran her hands over the wonderful breasts and pinched the nipples with fingers slick with juice. She felt Madison ramping up again and she pulled back. The young girl was breathing heavy again and moving her hips. Sam was still working hard between her legs. Katie rubbed the stiff nipples between her fingers. She looked down and saw Sam move her tongue back to the little clit and flick across it. Madison lurched again.

“Please, Sam, please.” Madison mumbled.

Sam took her clit into her lips and hummed. She felt her friend explode again and she held onto the strong thighs. Madison shook for another 20 seconds and collapsed. Sam pulled back and looked at her friend. She was glistening with sweat, and Aaron’s stuff was shining on her breasts. Her hair was a mess and over half of her face. She was breathing deep and slow, and she would shake occasionally, like a big shiver.

Katie untied her hands and her arms fell over the side of the lounge. She pulled off the mask and her eyes were closed. She leaned over and kissed her lips gently. She felt the girl respond slightly and she pulled back.

“Madison, are you ok?” Katie said softly, moving the hair off her face. Madison moved her head slowly and looked at her.

“Oh, yes.” She said softly and smiled.

“That was incredible, you have a very talented friend.” Katie said and Madison looked down and saw Sam smiling at her, her face a little shiny.

“Yes, I do.” Madison said and waved her finger at Sam, motioning for her to come to her.

Sam crawled up and laid on top of Madison, their breasts touching. Madison pulled her head down and kissed her. Katie watched the girls kiss. She sat calmly and looked at them, they were precious and now almost naked in her back yard wrapped in each other’s arms. She saw Madison’s hand move over Sam’s butt and squeeze. She saw her pulling on the tie string. Katie got up and pulled the strings and then pulled Sam’s bottom off. Now they were naked, and it was glorious. Sam’s ass was spectacular and Madison’s hand on it was even better.

Katie walked over to the table and Aaron and Brad were sitting silently. She grabbed a beer and sat down.

“Ok, who has seen anything hotter than that?” Katie said.

“Not me, that was mind-blowing. That little girl blindfolded and tied to that lounge was the hottest thing I have ever seen in my life and I have seen a lot.” Aaron said.

“Yeah, that was a life event.” Brad said.

“Honey, when you were standing on their doorstep and looking at her for the first time did you have this scene in your head?” Katie said.

“No fucking way. I did have some evil thoughts about her initially I will admit but never did I imagine seeing anything close to what I just saw.” Brad said.

“Yeah, she may have ruined sex for us all, I am not sure I can compete with that.” Katie said.

“Honey, I don’t think you are right, but I will die trying to prove you wrong.” Brad said.

“You know I am blindfolding you the next time I fuck you.” Aaron said.

“I figured. You know she wants you to fuck her, right?” Katie said.

“What?” Aaron said, his face almost white. Katie giggled.

“You would have loved her logic. We were talking about when Barr fucked her for the contract. She was a little upset but not for the reason you think. She said I told her that her first time needed to be with a special person at a special time. She said the time was special because it got her daddy a huge contract, but the person was not special. She said in her mind it didn’t count.” Katie said and Aaron sat with his mouth partly open.

“I don’t understand.” Aaron said.

“Well, the next thing she said was that she wanted you to be her special person.” Katie said and Aaron put his head in his hands.

“Well, now that is all I will be able to think about for a while. Thank you.” He said and Katie snickered.

“It’s a tough job but someone had to do it and she chose you.” Katie said.

“Do we really want to go there? She is only 14.” Aaron said.

“Yeah, you tell her no and let me know how that works for you.” Katie said.

“Fuck.” Aaron said and took a big drink of beer.

Madison held onto Sam and kissed her for a couple of minutes. She loved the feel of her friend on top of her naked. She ran her hands over her hips and her wonderful butt. Sam pulled back and looked at her.

“This is so weird, but it doesn’t feel weird.” Sam said.

“Kissing me is weird?” Madison said.

“No, that is wonderful but doing it naked in someone’s backyard is a little weird.” Sam said.

“Yeah, I kind of threw you into this, it took me a couple of days to get this far. Sorry about that.” Madison said.

“Don’t you dare apologize; this has been the most amazing afternoon of my life.” Sam said and kissed her.

“You were amazing, are you sure that was your first time?” Madison said.

“You have me, I have been secretly eating out all the girls on the team.” Sam said and Madison smiled.

“I figured.” Madison said and Sam punched her in the arm.

“Ouch. By the way, you don’t owe me one anymore. In fact, I think I owe you something. That was crazy.” Madison said.

“That was really hot. What did it feel like when you couldn’t see?” Sam said.

“Amazing, I tried to figure out where you were going to touch me, and the anticipation was wild. Just having to rely on touch made everything feel that much better. Then when Katie tied my hands it was unreal. I felt like I was at your mercy and it was the most exciting thing I have ever done.” Madison said.

“I understand why you changed recently; I will never be the same after this.” Sam said.

“You better not, now that you have done that once I am expecting it to happen as often as possible.” Madison said and Sam smiled.

“We could do it on Mr. Thomas’s desk during lunch, do you think he would mind?” Sam said and Madison laughed.

“Oh, my God, that would be so cool. I would love to see his face. You know we may have to actually do that one day.” Madison said.

“You are such a pervert.” Madison said.

“Said by the naked girl on top of her girlfriend in her friend’s backyard.” Madison said and Sam laid her head on Madison’s chest.

“You have converted me to your wicked ways.” Sam said.

“Oh sweetie, we have just scratched the surface.” Madison said and Sam groaned.

Madison looked over at the table and they were all looking at her. She smiled and tried to figure out what she wanted to happen next. Aaron looked like he still needed a rest. They could practice on Mr. Thompson. She looked at Katie and she knew.

“Sam, I think it is time you get to experience Katie. Did I ever tell you about the first time she did that to me?” Madison said.

“No, you didn’t.” Sam said.

“It was in the dressing room at the Palace.” Madison said.

“That fancy clothing store?” Sam said.

“Yeah, she took me there to try on dresses. She had me try on a dress and then go out and model it for Miss Evelyn. She was the sales lady and a friend of Katie’s. That was cool and all but the coolest thing of all is that there were old guys sitting there waiting for their wives. It was so exciting for some reason for them to see me. The first dress was that white sundress I wore the other day.” Madison said.

“I love that dress, you modeled it for old guys?” Sam said.

“Well, not for them, but they were right there when I was showing Miss Evelyn so yeah kinda.” Madison said.

“That feels like it would be hot for some reason.” Sam said.

“You have no idea, I was vibrating. The second dress was a tight red one, you haven’t seen that one yet. It was so tight I could not wear underwear. It fits good though and I look really hot in it. There was only one old guy left and you should have seen his face when I walked out.” Madison said and she felt Sam shiver.

“This is such a hot story.” Sam said.

“Well, you are going to love this next part. There was a black dress, and it was way too revealing. The top was cut down to my belly button and my boobs were barely covered. The bottom went down to my ankles but there was a massive slit in the side that went up to my waist. There was no way I could wear that anywhere, but Katie said I should still show Miss Evelyn. Then she said that the old guy would love it as well. I remember getting very excited about that. The old guy almost fell out of his chair when I walked out in that one.” Madison said.

“My God.” Sam said and Madison put her hand on Sam’s head. She could tell her friend was getting worked up.

“So, I walked out and spun a little. The dress opened up and my entire leg was visible, it was obvious I wasn’t wearing panties. They agreed it was too much dress for me but when we got back into the dressing room Katie kissed me. We were both so excited that a few seconds later she was between my legs. I had a massive orgasm and could barely move. I was leaning against the wall; the dress was hanging off my right shoulder, so my boob was out. The bottom was pulled up quite a bit, I am not sure how far up you could see. Katie went to get me some water and when she opened the door the old man was staring right at me.” Madison said and she heard Sam groan.

“The best part is that the old man was the husband of our English teacher.” Madison said.

“Mrs. Simmons?” Sam said.

“Yes, his name is Frank, and he is very sweet.” Madison said.

“You talked to him after he saw you like that? I would be so embarrassed.” Sam said.

“He needed some water, so I brought him some.” Madison said.

“I guess so, you are lucky he didn’t have a heart attack.” Sam said.

“So, my naked little friend. Are you ready for Katie to take you to paradise?” Madison said.

“After that story, yes.” Sam said.

Madison got up and lifted Sam to the other lounge. She laid her on her back and looked down at her. It was a beautiful sight. Her pretty face, glorious blonde hair, perfect boobs, flat tummy, long legs, and a cute little pussy. Yes, a beautiful sight. Madison reached down and slid her finger across Sam’s pussy. It was wet and warm, and she slid her finger up and down. Sam moaned. Madison looked over at Katie and motioned to her.

Katie stood on shaky legs after watching the girls. She walked over and Madison looked up at her.

“Sam wants you to do to her what you did to me in the dressing room. I told her the whole story and she is a little excited.” Madison said and pulled her finger out of Sam’s pussy, it was wet. She held it up to Katie and Katie sucked it and moaned.

Madison moved to the side and Katie got between Sam’s legs. She put her hands on the smooth thighs and spread them. Sam whimpered. Madison put her hand on Sam’s belly and rubbed it. She moved up to her boobs and rubbed them gently. Sam put her hand on Madison’s shoulder. Madison rubbed her soft boob and felt her nipple under her hand as she moved over it.

Katie looked at Sam’s young pussy open before her. The hair was so light it looked like it was smooth. She could see pink as it was spread open, and she could see she was wet. It looked as good as she knew it would. She had been dreaming of this moment ever since she met the pretty blonde. She decided she wanted this moment to last so she would go slow. She leaned over and blew softly over her. Sam groaned and moved her hips.

Sam loved the touch of Katie and Madison on her body. She did like to be touched, she always had. That was why she was so sad that her daddy didn’t hug her anymore. He never touched her at all, well except when she did something bad and he spanked her. She tried to block that out as she experienced the wonderful touches of her friends.

Madison looked down at her pretty friend. She looked like she was handling everything ok, she was very worried that Sam would freak out about all of this, but she seemed to be ok so far. She loved her friend and wanted to share this with her, but she did not want her to be scared and for sure she didn’t want her to think badly about her. She hoped that would not happen, so far so good. She leaned over and kissed Sam as she rubbed her breasts.

Katie was in heaven; Sam’s pussy was lovely and tasted like nectar. She was a virgin so that was something, no cock had ever been in here. Katie realized that was silly as Madison still tasted like candy even though Barr stuck his nasty cock in her. She lapped up Sam’s juices and tried to make this last as long as possible. Sam was moaning as Madison was kissing her and rubbing on her boobs. Katie loved this and hoped that these girls spent a lot of time here in the future.

Brad and Aaron watched the current porn scene in their backyard. The little blonde was getting ravished by Katie and Madison. Brad saw Katie’s ass sticking out as she ate out Sam. His cock was throbbing. He looked at Aaron and he knew he was thinking the same thing that he was. He was not sure if it would be more exciting to fuck Katie or watch Aaron fuck her. He decided to leave it up to fate. He picked up bottle cap and looked at Aaron.

“You see what I see? One of us is going to fuck that. Heads, you, tails, me.” Brad said.

“Are you sure dude, you can go.” Aaron said but he was watching Katies ass wiggle around and wanted nothing more to get behind her and sink into her tight pussy.

“Nope, her pussy is left up to chance. Top part of the cap is heads.” Brad said and flipped the cap.

It landed with the top up and Brad smiled.

“The pussy is yours my friend.” Brad said and waved his arm.

Aaron looked at his friend and decided he loved this job. He stood up and walked behind Katie. Her ass in that blue bikini was fabulous. He put his hands on her and she wiggled more. She was working hard between Sam’s legs, so she didn’t turn around. He pulled the bottoms down to her knees and pulled out his hard cock. He had already cum twice this afternoon but watching these girls it was impossible to stay soft. He rubbed his cock over her pussy, and he felt the moisture. He held her hips and slid in slowly. He moved to his knees so he could get a better angle.

Katie felt the cock enter her and she knew it was Aaron. First of all, his hands are huge, but his cock had a wonderful little curl as it entered her. It felt like no other, the fact that it was massive didn’t hurt either. She felt him slide in slowly and then he was pressed against her ass. She had Aaron’s cock in her and she was licking Sam’s pussy. Life was good.

Madison saw Aaron walk up and get behind Katie. She pulled off Sam and watched him slide his cock into her. She scooted down until she was next to him. She saw the huge black cock disappearing into Katie. It looked amazing, she wondered what that felt like. She was pretty sure it would feel way better than Mr. Barr. She moved her hand under and felt Katie’s pussy and his cock sliding in and out. She looked up at Aaron and smiled.

Aaron thought fucking Katie as she ate out Sam was about as good as it was going to get but he was very wrong. He was now looking at a cute 14-yr-old who had her hand on Katie’s pussy and was feeling his cock as it moved in and out. Then she looked up at him and he saw a burning in her eyes. She was pretty already but now with those eyes she looked like a goddess. She took his hand and put it on her chest. He felt her firm boobs and remembered how he had blasted cum over them a little while ago. This was turning out to be an amazing afternoon.

Katie felt Sam getting close, Sam had her hands on Katie’s head, and she was squirming. She was struggling to concentrate as Aaron’s wonderful cock pummeled her. She moved her tongue up to Sam’s clit and licked it. Sam moaned and squeezed her head. She sucked on the little clit and Sam went off. Katie held her strong little body as she bucked on the lounge. Sam was grabbing handfuls of hair, but Katie did not mind, the pain kept her focused on her job. Sam shook for about 30 seconds and calmed down. Katie laid her head on Sam’s stomach and focused on the large black cock moving in and out of her body.

Madison stood up and looked at Aaron. She was eye level with him as he knelt behind Katie. She looked down and saw his beautiful cock moving in and out of Katie. She looked back at Aaron and kissed him. She grabbed his head and pulled him to her. She felt his tongue move into her mouth and she wrapped hers around it. She kissed him hard and moved her hand down to caress his balls. She heard him moan into her mouth. She pulled back and looked at him. He was holding Katie’s hips and drilling her. Madison saw her ass jiggle each time he drove into her. She moved next to Aaron and whispered in his ear.

“I want you to fuck me just like this.” Madison whispered into his ear and squeezed his balls.

Aaron screamed and pulled Katie hard against his crotch, blasting his seed deep into her. He held on as his cock unloaded. He looked at Madison and her eyes were sparkling with desire. She scared him; normal 14-yr-old girls should not look like that, but he knew long ago that his little Madison was anything but normal.

Madison watched Aaron stand up and tuck his cock into his pants. He looked at her and she smiled. She knew it now just a matter of time. He turned and walked back to the table. She looked down at her friends and Katie was still laying on Sam’s chest. She wondered if she would be paralyzed for a while after Aaron did that to her. Sam’s eyes were closed, and she was taking deep breaths. Madison moved over to Sam and knelt. She moved damp hair off her pretty face. Sam opened her eyes and looked at her.

“Are you ok?” Madison said.

“Yes. This place is incredible. That was amazing, you were right.” Sam said.

“Yeah, it is a pretty cool place.” Madison said and kissed Sam gently on the lips.

Katie got up and moved over to her lounge. She laid down and tried to recover from Sam and Aaron. She had never felt anything so wonderful. She loved it whenever Aaron fucked her and that alone was amazing but tasting that sweet girl for the first time was special. For them to happen at the same time was mind-blowing. She tried to stabilize her breathing and heartbeat.

Madison laid down on her lounge in the middle of two of her favorite people. She thought about what she had just seen. Seeing the power of Aaron as he was behind Katie made her pussy shiver as she tried to imagine that wonderful cock sliding into her little body. Seeing Sam in so much pleasure made her heart happy. She loved her friend and wanted to give her as much pleasure as she could. She looked over at Sam. They were off to a great start.
