Erin at the Movies
byWoodsLord_3540©

Erin at the Movies Pt. 01

Erin in the theater with wearing only her coat.

Early November in Atlanta. Sometimes it is wicked cold; sometimes it can be barely sweater weather. On this particular Sunday afternoon, it was in the mid 60s with a gentle misty rain and perfect for Erin to wear her new coat.

A birthday gift from her parents, it was the classic trench style: epaulets, double breasted, belted, just at knee length, and to be different, it was pale blue in color. She wore it well, looking quite classy.

Lenox Square is the epitome of the Upper Scale mall. Macy's, Nieman Marcus, many high-end shops and boutiques, and the cars parked in the lots give evidence that there is money around. This was back when there was still a multi screen theater in the lower level; only two years later the theater would close when a re-model of the mall gave rise to a third level and an expansion of the food court.

I parked the car at the opposite end from the theater, near the entrance from Peachtree Road. Erin and I had gotten there quite early for the movie's start time and I told her that we could just walk around and window-shop for a while. It was fun, seeing the fancy clothes and the jewelry stores, and seeing the people walking to and fro. We were both dressed nicely, me in jeans and a navy blazer, her in a mid-calf length blue patterned dress that flowed around her when her coat flapped open.

Erin did not question and probably did not even notice when I grabbed a shopping bag from in front of Macy's. I folded it under my arm as we strolled. As we got closer to the food court, I guided Erin to the hall leading off the main corridor, down to the public restrooms. At first, she took it that I had to visit the facilities, but I stopped her outside the Ladies room.

"Here you go, sweetheart," I said, and I held out the shopping bag to her. She took it and looked inside with a quizzical look on her face.

"What's this?"

"Well, here's what I want you to do. You're wearing your coat, which is quite nice by the way, and that's enough. You're going to go inside, into one of the stalls, and undress. I want you to put your clothes in this bag and then we can go on shopping with you wearing just your coat."

"Ahhh..." Erin started to say as I put my finger to her lips.

"No questioning, just do as I say, OK?"

As was often the case with Erin, we had a little discussion, her protesting and me telling her how much fun she was about to have, and as usual, she sighed and acquiesced.

I had realized that when Erin tried to resist me it was just a symbolic response. She always ended up doing what I wanted, so her resistance was her way of telling herself that she was not truly submitting to me. That way, whatever happened, however she ended up, no matter how much she enjoyed her situation, she could say it was all my doing. There was never an argument, never any threats on my part, just little discussions. And then her saying, "OK, whatever you want."

And, believe me, I made sure she enjoyed herself. Immensely. After all, if she did not enjoy, I could not enjoy.

Erin took the bag and pushed open the door and disappeared inside. Not sure how long she would take to "change," I wandered back to the food court and got a coke. After about ten minutes the door to the ladies room opened and she appeared.

Her coat was now buttoned and the belt tied (I had taught her that one never clasped the belt on a trench coat; it was always tied in a single overhand). Her legs were bare, no dress visible and she stood proudly in her high heels. The shopping bag swung from her right hand and her purse was in her left. She had brushed her hair and it fell to her shoulders.

I smiled. 'You look great, sweetheart, let's go." I took her hand and we re-entered the mall proper. I handed her the coke, sharing with her.

After a bit, I took the shopping bag from her and lifted it. I peeked inside, only out of curiosity. Hmm, I did not see a certain couple of brightly colored pieces of filmy cloth. I lowered the bag and took her hand again. This time I guided her to a little alcove between two stores.

"Erin, something's wrong, something's missing here." I stood facing the mall so her back was to the people. "Open your coat, show me that you listened to me." I reached and unbuttoned two buttons on her coat.

She got an embarrassed look on her face. "I, uh, did what you said, I undressed and put my clothes in that bag, didn't I?"

"I don't know that you did, show me."

"But you know I did, you can see my clothes in the bag..."

"C'mon, sweetie."

"Mmmm," and she lowered her eyes. I tugged on her belt and drew her closer to me.

Erin undid the belt and then slowly loosened each button. She looked over her shoulder and then spread the coat, not wide, but enough to show me. She was still wearing her bra and panties. I noticed that there was a slight wet spot in the crotch of the panties. She closed the coat and held it around her.

"Now, repeat to me what I told you to do."

"You said for me to take off my clothes and that I was going to walk around wearing my coat. But I thought you would like it if I were wearing just my lingerie under my coat, don't you like this, huh, don't you?"

"Yes, I do like what I see, but this is not what I want. I want you to be naked under your coat. I thought I was clear, but that's ok, easily fixable." I stroked her hair. "Let's go back to the restroom."

She started to close the buttons, but I said, "No, just hold it closed." She shivered at that.

So, Erin holding her arms across her middle, we walked back and she re-entered the ladies room after I handed her the shopping bag.

I leaned against the wall and waited and smiled to myself. I just knew she was going to try to change things somehow. I did admire her for trying. It made this all the more fun.

Then the door opened and she exited the room again, buttoned and tied. She handed me the bag and took the coke and took a big sip.

"Ok, now show me."

"Here? Can't we go back to where we were?"

"No, here, now."

Erin's eyes widened, because we were not at all in a secluded area. She walked to end of the hall and faced the wall and I moved to stand in front of her. She unwrapped the belt, unbuttoned everything and spread her coat, wide this time, a little defiant look on her face.

Nice. She was wearing nothing, no panties, no brassiere, nothing but skin was to be seen. Her nipples were as hard as they would ever be, her breasts rising and falling with her rapid breathing. Her pussy was a little swollen and there was a faint sheen from the moisture seeping out.

"Perfect, sweetheart, now let's go." I stepped around her and started down the hall and out of the corner of my eye, I watched as she closed the coat, and rapidly buttoned up and tied the belt and trotted a little to catch up to me. I held the bag in my right hand and took her hand in my left and we resumed our walk down the mall.

We strolled and went into stores and looked at stuff and soon, I think, Erin seemed to slowly forget how she was dressed. We smiled and laughed and wandered around. Several times I walked behind her and there was no hint at all that the only thing she had on was her coat. Of course, the vision of her body from just minutes ago echoed in my head.

Soon, we had done the circuit of the mall, nearing the doors wherein we had entered. I steered her to the glass doors, where we could see my car parked in the distance. I dug in my pocket and got out my keys.

"Here, you go. Take the bag out the car and leave it in the trunk, ok? Then came back in and we'll head for the theater."

Erin again looked at me with her eyes wide, then a little moue' crossed her lips and she took my keys. I held the door for her and watched her walk across the lot to my car. She opened the trunk and put in the bag containing all of her clothes. She looked left and right, closed the trunk and returned to me. As I held the glass door open again, she entered, giving me a sideways glance and walked down the mall. I smiled to myself and caught up to her, taking her hands and planting a kiss on her cheek. After a moments hesitation her smile returned to her face.

I had decided we should see a movie that had been out for a while and was nearing the end of its run, so I knew there would not be a lot of people sharing the auditorium with us. As you might guess, I wanted a little bit of privacy.

I paid for the tickets and we entered. I had thrown away the coke that I had gotten and went on past the concession stand. I would come back for some popcorn, but there were other things to do first. I led Erin down the hall and into our theater. As I hoped, we were alone, so far. Taking her elbow, I guided Erin up the steps to the last row and then down to the center, directly under the projection booth. We sat, Erin on my left, as was proper.

I gave her a light kiss, and she turned and met my lips. Her tongue flicked out and my tongue went deeper into her mouth and she let loose a small moan. Her hand rose and cupped my chin. I reached into her coat and cupped her left breast. I found her nipple and gently squeezed. She drew in a breath and her back stiffened.

I pushed her back into her seat and turned a little to face her. I took the ends of her belt, untying it. Then I started slipping each button back thru its hole, slowly working from bottom to top. Not saying anything, Erin's eyes followed my hands as I worked to open her coat. She was silent but her breath was quickening. When all the buttons were undone I reached underneath to her pussy and ran my fingertip along her length, separating her lips and coating my finger with her sticky juice. She moaned again.

I raised my finger to her mouth and she sucked it clean, tonguing her juices.

"Ok, I'm going to go get some popcorn, but first..."

I reached into my coat pocket and pulled out the two Velcro straps I had been keeping there. I moved her right hand down to the armrest and wrapped the strap around her wrist, running it thru the cup holder opening. I did the same for her left and Erin's arms were secured to the armrests. She tried to lift them but to no avail.

"What, are you going to leave me like this?"

"No, sweetie, I'm going to leave you like this."

Then I started doing what scared her and turned her on mightily.

I pushed the edges of her coat out, uncovering the center of her chest. Further down I adjusted it over her belly and then moved the left side over so that her right thigh was uncovered, but her pussy was still hidden.

Erin was looking down. What she could see was this: From the base of her throat there was a gap of about five inches, exposing the swell of each breast, but neither nipple was to be seen. The gap continued down to show her smooth belly, with her cute little belly button. Further down, at her waist, the gap curved to the right, showing her upper thigh and then the rest of her right leg. I adjusted the left edge, tucking it in carefully so that the cloth fell between her thighs, covering her left leg and showing nothing of her pussy.

And she looked perfect. From a distance, to someone walking up the steps, Erin looked normal, a pretty girl sitting in her seat. She was not really exposed to the casual eye but anyone getting closer and looking down would know exactly what they were seeing.

"Now, it's best that you try not to move at all, you don't want your coat to move while I'm gone. I don't think that anyone will come close up here, but you never know, do you?"

"Please don't be gone long, please..."

Her breathing was rapid and shallow. She was aware that she was in a public space and with me gone and her hands tied, well, if anyone came near, there was nothing she could do but smile and hope for mercy.

"I'll be very still, like you say, but hurry back, please."

I kissed her again and left. As I went down the steps I noticed that, while I had been adjusting Erin's coat, a couple had come in, but they were sitting towards the front. At the bottom of the steps I looked back: as I figured, since Erin was in the furthest back row and under the projector light, I could not clearly see her. I could tell someone was there due to the lightness of her coat, but nothing was clear. I smiled to myself and went the concession stand.

It took about ten minutes, as the other features were busy and there was a line, and then I returned to Erin. I counted five more people who had entered but no was sitting close to where we were. As I went up the steps I looked carefully at her, but it was not until I was walking down our row, that I could see her and that there was something different about her coat. It had moved, and I could clearly see the loveliness between her legs.

"I'm sorry, I tried to be as still as possible, but without thinking I started to cross my legs and as I moved I realized what I was doing but I couldn't stop my coat from slipping so I didn't move anymore but then I was bare and I was so scared that someone would come by..." Her voice faded off.

"It's ok, baby, I'm back now." A big smile on my face.

I sat beside her, placed the cup in my holder and put the popcorn on the seat to my right. I reached over and touched the top of the cleft of her pussy and said, "Anyway, you just started what I'm was going to do."

I quickly flicked open her coat, left and right, exposing her, making her completely naked in her seat, naked in the theater. Her coat now hid only her shoulders and arms. Everything from her breasts to her belly to her pussy to her legs was completely visible.

Erin moaned as she realized that nothing was now covering her in this place and her moan rose in pitch as I returned my hand to between her legs and inserted a finger into her, first one, then a second. It was quite easy as her pussy was quite slippery. She took a deep breath and I pulled out my fingers and again inserted them into her mouth. She sucked her secretions and her eyes closed.

In a few minutes the lights dimmed and the movie started. I think Erin expected me to loosen her hands but no. I hand-fed her the popcorn and held the coke for her to sip. I left her coat open and wide; I thought it necessary for her to be totally exposed the entire time. It was beautiful to see her dark nipples in the flickering light.

Only if someone came to where we were sitting could they see that she was naked in her theater seat, breasts and pussy exposed.

But no one did.

In a while she calmed and got used to her nakedness and got interested in the film and I knew that it was time to give her a distraction.

From my other blazer pocket I pulled out the vibrating egg. She was quite familiar with it but I had used it only at her house. Now, not telling her what I was doing, I raised it to my mouth, got it nicely wet with my spit and lowered it to her pussy. She jerked at the touch and between my saliva and her pussy juice I was easily able to slowly insert the egg deeply up in her.

Her thighs spread to make it easier for me to push and she looked down to watch as I pressed the egg into her. She raised her hips to let me push it in deep and then she settled and let out a sigh as she felt herself become full. She knew what was in her but she was still not ready for when I flicked the remote to "ON."

As the egg in her pussy came alive, her head fell back, her tied hands waved and her lower half gyrated, her hips rising and twisting. I turned the vibe to "HIGH" and Erin's head fell forward and I could see her bite her lips as she tried to not yell out. I placed my finger on her clit and could feel it vibrating from within. With the egg buried deep in her, I could not hear anything, but I loved watching her reaction to this sudden intrusion.

Before she could burst into an orgasm, I turned the speed down to "LOW" and told Erin to continue to watch the film. She gave me a dirty look and her head fell to her chest again. Till the end of the movie, I did not ever turn the egg off, but merely adjusted the speed up and down, from time to time. I think she lost the plot of the film after a while. I know she silently orgasmed at least twice, once with the help of my finger.

At some point in the film, I had my finger resting on her clit, gently rubbing from side to side when I heard, "...my hand...'

"What, sweetie?'

A low, almost inaudible, plea. "Please, let loose my hand..."

"Why?"

"I want to touch you, reach into your pants and see how hard you are, how hard your cock is right now."

"No, don't think so, not now, this is all about you right now, anyway you'll see how hard it is later, I promise."

I pressed harder on her clit and got another shudder and moan.

And it all worked out well. Only about ten more people came in after the movie started and we were the only ones to have taken seats in the higher level. I had been prepared to let Erin be seen; if some one got close, and if they looked "acceptable," to let them get closer. But, it didn't happen, oh well...

When the film ended and the credits started to roll, I eased the egg out of her sopping pussy: it slid out with no difficulty at all. I would have liked to have left it in, but I did not want to take the time to thread the remote cable to her coat's pockets. I loosened her hands and returned the Velcro and the egg to my pockets.

It was time to go and Erin and I rose and went to the head of the steps, her legs admittedly a bit shaky. Erin started to button her coat but I stopped her.

"Don't close your coat, put your hands in your pockets and hold it closed. Here, let me tie the belt, ok? Now, you can walk to the other end of the mall like this, right?"

"You want me to, so I can, yes."

Her arms at her sides, her hands in the pockets, the coat flaps overlapping, belt secured, we left the theater. We didn't rush but we did not stroll and there was no further window-shopping.

I walked behind her for a bit, smiling to myself. Erin was holding her coat closed, pulling the front together. She did not realize that by doing so, she was pulling open the vent in the back, bringing her legs into view. In fact, were it not for the modesty button, I think she would have exposed her ass. Nice.

Erin kept a good pace as we walked the length of the mall and I was able to keep up with her. After all, I had whispered in her ear that as soon as we left the mall and got away, I was going to find a place where I could fuck her brains out, that I needed to bury my cock in her pussy and make her come several times more.

She knew what she wanted...


Erin at the Movies Pt. 02

Erin leaves the theater but soon is naked over the hood of my car.

We exited Lenox and walked to my car. The mist had stopped and the temperature had warmed. Daylight Savings was gone, so that now, at 6:30pm, there was full darkness and the lights in the lot had come on. I had parked about halfway out from the doors and other vehicles surrounded my car.

Erin had succeeded in keeping her coat closed using only her hands in her pockets. I told her I was proud of her, that she controlled her coat quite well as we walked thru the mall. What I did not tell her was that I had noticed, when she stepped in front of me, that there was a small wet spot on the back, just over the vent and directly under the juncture of her legs. Obviously Erin had enjoyed her time in the theater. I did not look around to see if anyone noticed.

I had endeavored to not park under a light pole, so that her side of the car was in shadow. I told Erin to stand at her door while I started the engine. She stood obediently until I unlocked her door, but I told her to not get in yet.

"First, baby, I want you to hand me your coat, you can take it off now and then you can get in the car."

Erin had been naked in my car numerous times and she now knew that that was what I expected of her. But most of those times I had let her get in and then strip. This was the first time that I had asked her to hand me her clothes in a parking lot, getting naked and then entering the car.

But my good little submissive knew what I wanted of her and I knew that she deeply, secretively, enjoyed these little humiliations, so she said wait a minute as someone walked by us, and then she shrugged off the coat and threw it in the back herself. Then she got in and buckled her belts.

"Lovely, sweetie, you are doing so wonderful."

I started the car and we got onto Peachtree Road and headed for one of my favorite places.

As we drove, I had her re-insert the egg and I let her play with the power remote. I kept my fingers in her pussy, tickling her clit, feeling the vibrations pulse, and bringing her to a couple of sweet orgasms. There are few things more exciting than driving with a naked girl, who is moaning from one come to another, and at the same time filling the car with the luscious scent of her pussy. My cock was as hard as the proverbial rock and I knew that I needed to be in her soon.

Of course Erin was not paying attention to where we were going; her mind was centered on what was happening between her legs. So she did not really notice until I slowed and bumped over the curb to pull in behind my old elementary school, to drive into the center of the "U" shape and park behind the trees. Totally hidden. Even if someone did drive by the entrance, they would not have seen anything.

"So, we're back here again, huh? What'cha going to do to me now?" A smile was in her voice.

I had had Erin back here several times. Usually, she was lying back in her seat, while I was between her legs, her feet on the dash. A couple of times, I had placed her on the picnic table, tying her spread-eagled, then eating her pussy and fucking her. Now I had something very different planned for her.

We spent a little while, just kissing and making out, like young teen-agers would do. It was so much fun what with her already naked. I took over the egg's remote and turned it to low and, with my fingers deep in her, pushed it around inside her pussy, finding her sensitive areas. Mostly I did my best to keep her on the edge, kissing and licking her breasts and neck, but not letting her have her orgasm. After a while I pulled the egg from within her and I enjoyed her whine as she felt her cunt become empty.

Now, I took both her hands in my left and reached behind her seat for the two lengths of rope. It being dark Erin could not make out too well what I was holding but she knew the feel as I tied the knots around one wrist, then the other. Each wrist was now circled, with a length extending out.

Pulling on the ropes, I dragged her closer to me and kissed her some more. I held the ropes tight and pulled her arms to my left side and whispered in her ear, "It's time to get out." I opened my door and exited. Standing in the open door, I pulled on the ropes and her wrists.

"Can't I get out my side? I can't crawl across the car seats..."

My answer was to pull harder and she knew she had no choice. I slacked off the rope a bit and she crawled clumsily across the console to my seat, grasped the door and made her way out, to stand in front of me. She raised her hands to my face, laughing a little.

"There, I did it, are you happy now?"

I did not answer, just kissed the top of her head and led her around to the front of my car, to stand at the center of the hood. I tossed the ropes onto the hood, making sure that each went to either side. I pushed Erin up against the bumper and stood behind her, pressing my hand in the small of her back and forcing her to lean down onto the hood. It was hot from the drive, and I knew that the heat felt good to Erin, as it was just a bit cool out here. As I pressed her down, she had to spread her legs out so that her belly was against the hood's leading edge.

I took her head and turned it, to lay her left cheek on the metal. Holding the rope attached to her right wrist, I walked to the driver's door, which was still open. I lowered the window and holding the door almost closed, reached in the opening. I placed the rope between the door and the frame and then pulled it, stretching Erin's arm up and out, towards the door, and then I shut it, trapping the rope tight.

I walked behind her and took hold of her other rope, the one attached to her left wrist. I did the same with it, holding it thru the open widow, pulling it tight and trapping it between the door and frame. Done.

Erin was now face down over the hood of my car, breasts pressed against the warm metal. Her arms were stretched out, raised above the metal of the hood, extended out to the "A" pillars. Her sweetly shaped ass was raised and twitching from side to side, in anticipation. Her legs were spread to help her keep her balance, and thus her thighs were wide and I had no problem reaching down to caress her pussy.

She turned her head to face me, smiling. She watched as I slipped out of my clothes to stand behind her, as naked as she.

"You going to fuck me now, like this? You've got me where you can do anything you want to me, don'tcha? C'mon, fill me up like you promised, I need your cock in me."

Yeah, I wanted inside her, but first... I knelt down behind her and spread her cheeks. I extended my tongue and pushed into her wetness. Holding her ass cheeks wide I ran my tongue up from her clit to her little puckered star. Then I concentrated on licking her pussy as I tickled her clit with my finger. She moaned and wriggled her ass and pushed back to my face. I took my time and in a few minutes I was rewarded by a small gush of liquid as she came again.

(I was so thankful Erin was multi-orgasmic; it made my time with her so much more fun.)

I rose and leaned over her back. Grabbing a handful of hair, I lifted her face to mine. "Oh, yeah," came from her as she licked her juices from me. She cleaned me and we shared a long deep kiss.

Her ass was still writhing under me and it was time. I stood behind her, spread her cheeks again and pushed my cock forward. With no resistance I slowly slid into her, filling her cunt and she moaned louder and pulled on her ropes. It felt so wonderful, to feel the rubbery slickness of her cunt separate and envelope my cock.

I resolved to keep to a slow pace, as I did not want to come soon. I backed out and gently slid back into her pussy. Her extreme wetness made it all so easy. In the silence of the night I could hear squishing as I moved.

I looked around. Outside in the cool night air, trees and bushes around us, I imagined students in the classrooms looking out the windows at us. Erin was in her own little world, moaning and writhing under me. And then, as I gave her that sweet friction, her orgasm hit and her head rose up.

I reached for and held her hair, pulling her head back. Her orgasm faded but I realized that I was starting to speed up, thrusting harder. Then I was slamming into her cunt as hard as I could. She grunted each time I hit bottom and I could hear her, "Yes, yes, deeper, oh, yes!"

I was getting closer and Erin tightened her cunt and the squeezing brought me over. I thrust hard one more time and held my cock deep in her, coating her insides with my cum. I relaxed and fell onto her back, pressing her to the hood. I gently moved back and forth, savoring her wetness, and in a moment I could feel my cum dripping out. We slowly got our breathing back to normal.

Realizing that my weight was on her, I rose and my cock slipped out of her. I wiped my wet cock on her ass, smearing the last little dribbles on her soft cheek. I stepped back and sat in the bench, to watch her hips and ass twitching, such a lovely sight.

In the dim light I could not see much, especially between her legs, but I knew that my cum was dripping out of her and sliding down her thighs. Erin's legs were still spread wide, arms out and her weight was on the hood, her breasts pressed flat. She was slowly flexing her arms as if testing the security of the ropes extending to the doors. She raised her head to look around, then behind her to find me. In the dim light I could see her smile at me.

"Sweetie, can you come here for a moment? I want you to do something for me, something I think you'll like."

I got up and walked over to her. I placed my hand on her ass.

"What is it, baby?"

"Put your hand between my legs, over my pussy and hold it there, don't play with me, just cup your hand around me, OK?"

Curious, I did as she asked, reaching down to place my hand over her pussy, where I could feel our combined wetness covering her. I moved my fingers thru her messy slit but she asked me to stop and just be still.

So I held my hand there and I could feel her relaxing, her thighs spreading slightly, her hips lowering to the hood. She laid her head on the hood, and her breathing slowed. Then, just as I thought to myself, She's about to... my hand was filled with her pee.

In the cool night air, the liquid was hot. Since it had been several hours since she had been near a restroom (she might have gone when she undressed back in the mall, I don't know) her stream came out powerfully, splashing against my palm. In response I cupped her pussy tighter.

Erin let loose a big sigh. I backed my hand away and let her stream continue. I extended my middle finger so that the stream was on my fingertip. I moved it up, guided by her liquid, to her peehole, and pressed my finger there, stopping the flow. She reacted with a moan. I wondered how it felt to have her flow stopped, what kind of sensations she felt, what kind of pressure she felt. It must have been pleasing, for her ass and hips were twitching in a circle.

I pulled my finger away, letting her flow start again. Her liquid was body temp and the warmth felt good in the cool air. What Erin was doing was wonderful and I was amazed and I repeated my action a couple more times, halting and releasing her pee from her body. Then, another sigh and her stream became a trickle and slowly stopped.

Her thighs were still spread wide and I rubbed her pussy and ass with my pee-soaked hand. My hand was warm from her pee and Erin pressed back against me, breathing deeply. Keeping my hand between her legs, I leaned over and looked into her eyes.

"And where did this come from, baby?"

Erin hesitated, as if unsure of herself, and then her words came out haltingly.

"I remember what you had me do a couple of weeks ago, when you snuck into my house that morning, and it just felt so good, and so dirty using the towel between my legs."

"Yeah...?"

"And I know that you've stood out in the hall when I've had to use the bathroom and I could tell that you were listening as I pissed. I guess I sorta figured out that you like my pee and I decided it doesn't bother me and I wanted to give you something special, so I hope you like?"

Her voice went up as she finished, I guess looking for my approval.

I looked into her eyes. My hand was still between her legs, rubbing, massaging, poking, and in answer to her question, I inserted two fingers into her warm, messy, soaking, slippery hole and reached with my thumb to press on her asshole. I proceeded to drive her into another orgasm, her hands pulling on her ropes, her face scrunching with deep gasps, as she received my fingers.

I pulled out and stepped back to sit in the bench again, leaving her on the hood of my car. I was amazed. I knew that I had taken a huge chance that morning in her bed, making her pee into the towel, but that was mainly because I had not wanted to let her loose. Erin had not mentioned that part of the morning since and I had felt that I had offended her.

Well, what I had done had evidently percolated in her mind and she must have come to appreciate my weird liking. Well, this was good. So good, in fact, that after a few minutes of watching Erin's moving ass in the darkness I realized that I was once again hard.

So I stood, walked over to her and once again spread her cheeks and guided my hardness into her slickness, wet and warm and even with all the lubrication of her pussy, and my cum and her pee, I gasped at how tight her little pussy felt.

I never come quickly the second time, but I could tell that she was getting tired, her arms stretched, her belly and breasts irritated from my pounding, forcing her to slide on the hood, her legs aching from the angle she needed to help keep her balance as I drove into her, but her pussy never dried out, it remained slick and wet and even more so when I filled her again with my cum.

Erin had been on my hood for about an hour, so I gently let her loose, massaging her arms and supporting her as I helped her to stand and go to her side of my car. I grabbed the towel I keep in the car and spread it on the car seat as I helped her to sit down. Her head was lolling and she was acting somewhat woozy, which was normal for her having come so many times.

I covered her with her coat and drove her home. I walked her across the yard, into her house and then to her bedroom. I tucked her in and she was asleep rather quickly. I got some juice to drink and slipped in beside her and fell asleep also, even tho it was still early in the evening.

Around midnight she awoke and, still naked, wandered into the living room to find me watching TV. We talked for a while about earlier and how much I had liked what she had done. She was a little shy and giggled when I mentioned her gift of her pee and she said that had liked it more than she thought she would have and that we could do it again sometime, if I wanted. I grinned at that.

In a little while, I pulled her to her feet and led her down the hall and into the bathroom. I did not turn on the light; I used the illumination from the hall to let us know where to go. I guided her to sit on the edge of the tub, balancing on her thighs, her ass hanging over and had her spread her legs. I reached between and just barely brushed her, just tickling her pussy, just hovering below.

"Ok, baby, just relax, do it again for me, let me feel you..." I cupped her pussy again, not pressing but just enough to let her know that my hand was there.

Erin put her arms around my neck and leaned forward, resting her head on my shoulder. She breathed into my neck, the warmth of her breath feeling wonderful and her head got heavier on me. Knowing how difficult it is to calm oneself and let the bladder go, I knew it might take her a few minutes. I was silent, letting her concentrate.

Then with a big sigh, her head lowered further on my shoulder and I feel her hips settle. My patience was rewarded with a sudden gush of hot liquid into my hand, again filling my palm. This time her stream was not as powerful nor was there as much since she had not drunk much since we had gotten back, but that did not lessen the thrill. I didn't attempt the finger to the pee hole trick this time; I just let her go, letting her empty herself into my hand. It felt wonderful, Erin sharing an intensely private moment with me.

As her stream stopped, she raised her head and held my head with her hands, and forced her tongue to meet my tongue. We shared the kiss as I rubbed my wet hand over her pussy, pushing my fingers into her. She moaned into my mouth.

Well, it's now or never...

Still in the dark, only moving in the light from down the hall, I lifted her to her feet. "Step back, baby, step into the tub, kneel down." I could see a question on her face but she did as I asked. "Get on your knees, ok, get comfy."

"What are you doing?"

"You are great to share your pee with me, now I want to do some more. I need to piss on you, on your breasts, I want to wet them, will you let me?"

Erin looked up at me and there was a great hesitation in her voice as she said, "I guess, I think, I'll let you, but please, not near my face, please?"

Well, not right now... "Of course, I promise only below the neck."

Erin knelt, settled her thighs back on her heels and placed her hands on my hips. I took my cock in hand and did as she, tried to relax. She looked into my eyes and the tip of her tongue came out to circle her lips.

After a minute, I felt my cock twitch and my bladder move and my pee came out. At first my aim was off and the first of the stream hit her on her right shoulder and her chin quickly moved to her left. I pushed down and aimed at her breasts, those wonderful little teacup breasts that I loved to suck on, causing her to orgasm from that attention alone.

The sound of my liquid hitting her chest was muted but it sounded wonderful. I wiggled my stream back and forth, covering both tits, left and right as equally as possible. I could hear the drips off her thighs as my pee flowed to the tub bottom.

"It's so warm..." she whispered, "It feels so nice." Her right hand came off my hip and she rubbed her little mounds, rubbing my pee into her. I hadn't pissed in a while, so there was a lot to pour on her. I pushed down and aimed at her belly, letting my pee flow over her pussy, then rose again to anoint her breasts some more.

But all too soon I finished. Her eyes closed, she used both hands to feel the wetness on her chest and belly. She moaned.

I helped Erin to her feet and stepped in the tub with her. I turned on the shower and used the shower wand to rinse her off. I covered her with her scented body wash, cleaning her well, massaging her, washing her between her legs. With the water running, I knelt and ran my tongue up and down her pussy, making her moan, her hands clenching in my hair.

I shut off the water, toweled her dry and took her down the hall to her bed, where we fucked slowly and afterwards lay there spooning, my cock resting between her cheeks, drifting off to sleep.

