Freshman Year (Lisa's Freshman Year)
by Brother and Sister Couple
Copyright© 2023 by Brother and Sister Couple

Chapter 1

Freshman year (Lisa and Jamie’s freshman year) August

This and the following chapters are the result of a collaboration between a biological brother and sister couple who have been role playing sex scenes-- and enjoying real sex-- with one another since we were both in high school.

To the best of our recollection decades later this was the first one.

I was in the kitchen eating some corn flakes and contemplating finishing some chemistry homework that was due on Monday. More than that I was thinking about what I would be doing on my date with Michelle after work tonight. Saturday was one of the two busiest nights at our family restaurant. But, mom and dad thought it was important for us to have a fairly normal social life. So, neither I nor my sister were required to work both nights. This week I had worked dinner on Friday, and would work a lunch shift today.

My annoying sister Lisa and her equally annoying best friend Jamie apparently decided that I was enjoying too much peace and quiet in the kitchen. They quit making noise in Lisa’s bedroom so that they could come out to the kitchen and make their noise closer to me. Oh well, listening to their bickering and silly commentary on people I knew from school was more interesting than reading about precipitation of solids from a solution– or whatever it was that I was supposed to be studying. My text book remained closed.

School had just started for the year and it was still pretty hot and plenty humid in this part of Missouri a little bit West of St Louis. So neither my sister nor her best friend were ever wearing very much. This morning, however, they were dressed up a little bit nicer than their standard wardrobe of cutoff t-shirts and gym shorts. So much nicer in fact that it caused my mind to wander to a place that it probably shouldn’t go with my sister in the leading female role...

Even though Lisa was quite attractive...

I mean ... objectively speaking...

But, I would ever have told her so.

Jamie on the other hand is my second cousin. When our ancestors settled here in this valley– because the topography was similar to the upper Rhine– so many of them married their first cousins that new state laws were passed banning the practice in order to force economic integration. Since we were close together in age Jamie was fair game ... Well legally speaking she was fair game. I think that practically speaking it would have been rather awkward since she was attached to Lisa by some sort of supernatural force field.

Were I to do Jamie, Lisa would probably be right ... yeah ... nevermind.

The dresses that they were wearing– Lisa’s was a subtle peach and Jamie’s a very light camel were sleeveless and exposed the two young women’s collarbones while nicely framing their dark blonde hair. The dresses weren’t fancy but with plenty of tuck at the waist, they were proportioned to show off the wearer’s hips and bust. Plus the fabric was thin enough, and pulled tight enough, that I could clearly see that neither of them were wearing bras or panties.

I looked down at the hemlines of the dresses and enjoyed the way that their ankles and bare feet moved in and out of view as they padded into the kitchen to grab a couple of bowls and spoons before coming and sitting on each side of me at the breakfast table.

My sister smiled somewhat awkwardly– it was a look that I knew very well because it usually preceded something totally off-the-wall.

Lisa began pouring corn flakes into her bowl.

Jamie said; “Guten Morgen,” good morning in German.

“What?” I said.

Sure enough it was another one of their silly games. The girls were both taking Frau Schmidt’s Freshman German just as I had two years ago. Although it was odd that either of them would actually be studying for a class on a Saturday morning in August.

“Sir, hätten Sie einen Dollar?” Jamie said in an odd– it was probably meant to be German but sounded more Pottsylvanian– accent.

I did not reply.

“My friend asking, ‘do you have a dollar?’” said Lisa, mimicking Jamie’s bad ‘Rocky and Bullwinkle Show’ accent.

“Not on me,” I said, sweeping my hand over the t-shirt and gym shorts that I was wearing.

“No pockets ... But there’s probably a couple dollars in change in the jar.”

Jamie walked over to the Mason jar on the counter that probably contained five or six dollars in assorted change– mostly pennies. She very carefully counted out four quarters and showed them to Lisa as if they were some sort of treasure.

“Vier Reichsmark,” Jamie said as if she were amazed.

“My friend saying, ‘you must be rich.’”

“Er kann ein sehr nettes Mädchen für einen RM bekommen...” (He could get a very nice girl for an RM. Why so much? He just gives us ... why. Ask him what it is we have to do to earn it.)” ... was wir tun müssen, um es zu verdienen”

“What you like,” Lisa said, “that we earn this dollar?”

“Earn...?” I asked, wondering what the hell they were up to now.

“Will er uns beide fleischlich?” (Does he want both of us carnally?)

“You–” Lisa started to ask.

“Oder vielleicht will er uns miteinander zusehen.” (Or maybe he wants to watch us with each other.) Jamie interrupted.

“Ja, Männer mögen das,” (Yes, men like that), said Lisa.

“Ich mag es,” (I like that), said Jamie.

“Ich kann dir sagen, dass du es tust,” (I can tell).

“Bitte schlagen Sie es ihm vor,” (Suggest it, then.) said Jamie plaintiffly.

Okay, my sister is strange. But this was a new level. This strange was stranger than her normal strange. They obviously weren’t practicing for school...

On the other hand, maybe it wasn’t any stranger than strange. It would be just like my sister to ignore a real classroom assignment in order to go off on some bizarre tangent only marginally related to the assignment because it interested her. She frustrated our parents to no end. They both thought that she probably could be the valedictorian in four years if she concentrated on what was important to other people and put a little effort into it.

Maybe ... she wasn’t dumb. But I could also see her flunking out of high school if she put just a tiny bit less effort into it.

“My friend ask...” Lisa said her voice trailing off and becoming quieter, “How we can please you, sir.”

“By staying right here at the table and finishing your corn flakes ... While I go and take a shower.” I said giving the politically correct answer...

As opposed to ... well ... saying something akin to: “Well, Jamie, since you asked, could you get down on your knees underneath the table and–”

“You have indoor plumbing,” Lisa said to me, interrupting my dirty thought.

“Ich habe dir gesagt, dass er reich ist,” (I told you he was rich), she said turning to Jamie.

“Alle Amerikaner sind reich,” (all Americans are rich), Jamie replied.

“Ich habe keine mit Gold gepflasterten Straßen gesehen,” (I didn’t see any streets paved with gold).

“Denken Sie nur daran...”(Just think of it. To have water running over you. Warm water ... All the warm water you wanted.)

“Im Wasser haben wir das noch nie gemacht,” (We’ve never done it in water).

“Vielleicht können wir ihn interessieren...” (Perhaps we can interest him. This American, in addition to being rich ... He might have a big penis).”

“My friend asks. ‘would like to watch us in shower?’”

Okay, I thought, now it was just being cruel.

“Ha, ha,” I said blandly. “You know I’ve taken German too. Enough to know that you aren’t directly translating what she’s saying.”

“Es tut mir leid...” (I’m sorry, I don’t understand. What is he saying?) Jamie asked Lisa.

“Please, Sir, my English ... not so good,” Lisa said to me.

“Yeah, your English is plenty fine. I don’t know what kind of game you two are up to.”

“We are nice, honest Huren,” Lisa said, “try to earn money to live.”

I knew that word. Hure means ‘whore.’

“You are what?”

“Sag ihm, dass wir deutsche Lesben sind...” (Tell him that we are German lesbians. Sex workers trying to earn money in America. Maybe he wants to join us. Or watch us.) Jamie said.

Her facial expression was priceless. She was barely able to avoid laughing while delivering her line.

“We just off boat from Germany.” said Lisa, nearly cracking up herself. “We woman what does it for money.”

“I understood what your friend said.”

“Auch, diese Worte auf Deutsch kennt er,” (Oh, those words in German he knows, ) said Jamie. She was smiling from ear to ear.

“Sagen Sie ihm, dass wir keine Wohltätigkeitsfälle sind,” (Tell him that we are not charity cases, or thieves. That we offer value for what he chooses to give us. Ask him to give us money. Or better, to keep us in this beautiful house with the indoor plumbing. Tell him we can make him happy ... forever.)

“Yeah.” I said to Jamie, “I think I understood about half of that. And it’s kind of mean, the two of you, teasing me like this.”

“Frag ihn, ob wir die Dusche benutzen dürfen,” (Ask him if we may use the shower, ) Jamie said to Lisa.

“May we use toilet?”

“You live here, you don’t have to ask me for permission.”

“Männer mögen es immer, wenn sie um Erlaubnis gefragt werden,” (Men always like it when they are asked for permission, ) Jamie said to Lisa.

“We are promiscuous,” said Lisa, “not rude.”

“Yeah, sis, don’t you two be going saying stuff like that around school. And knock it off with the lesbian thing too. Because you know a lot of those small minded boys at school already say that about you. Because that’s the only reason they can fathom as to why anybody would want to hang around with anyone who is annoying as both of you are.”

Oh, I got big smiles with that comment. Odd, coming from these two recent immigrants who don’t speak English well– or in Jamie’s case at all.

“Okay we go use bathroom,” said Lisa. “We leave door open so you want you can watch us in shower or doing anything we do in bathroom.”

“I think the pressure of high school has finally gotten to you, and you’ve blown a head gasket. Which is kind of a shame because I had money down on you two lasting until December in the pool the junior class has on when freshmen will end up in a rubber room.”

My sister and her best friend walked down the hallway to the bathroom. But then a moment later Jamie appeared completely naked. She pressed her front against the wall and peeked around the corner at me in the kitchen.

“You have anything we dry with?” she asked, suddenly speaking badly accented English.

“Well that’s an interesting question coming from somebody who’d never seen indoor plumbing,” I said. “You know where the hall closet is.”

“Bitte schön, my Lord, I’m very grateful for your kindness,” my sister called out from the bathroom.

“Uh huh,” I replied.

“We will leave the door open so you can watch us if you wish,” she said, forgetting– or tiring of– the fake accent.

After a moment, curiosity got the better of me. I walked down the hallway and sure enough the door was open and Jamie and Lisa were taking a shower together. It wasn’t anything outwardly erotic except that two straight guys would never-ever think to take a shower together. While I couldn’t see everything through the clear plastic shower curtain...

It occurred to me that the girls had just replaced the existing white vinyl shower curtain with a brand new clear one this morning. So I got a distorted view of my rather attractive younger sister and her best friend. Someone who was nearly as attractive as she was, but whom I could actually legally have a relationship with. They were taking turns standing under the water and then stepping back to lather before trading places once again.

I had been invited to watch. So whatever weird game my sister was playing and had put Jamie up to ... or that Jamie was playing put my sister up to ... Which was a far better thought because it held out the idea that Jamie might hold some interest in me ... I had been invited to watch, so I didn’t walk away when they finished.

My sister opened the shower curtain.

“Did you enjoy watching us?” she asked in unaccented English.

“Yeah, I guess I did.” There was no point in lying. A dead man probably would have enjoyed watching these two in the shower and the tenting crotch of my gym shorts probably gave me away.

I watched as both of them stepped out of the shower and took what seemed to me to be a unnecessarily long time drying themselves while moving around in positions where I could intermittently see their naked flesh. But I never was a teenage girl. Maybe they always took that long to pat themselves dry.

When they were done I stepped back from the doorway into the hallway and allowed them to pass by me on their way to Lisa’s room. Jamie’s towel was around her hair and draped over her shoulders and breast leaving her pubic hair and butt cheeks uncovered for me to enjoy. That was not an accident.

“Tschüss, auf wiedersehn,” my sister said with a smile and her head tilted over her shoulder as she walked past me following Jamie.

They had used up all of the hot water. But in truth a cold shower was something that I needed.


Chapter 2

Being September, this story naturally follows August ... It is still warm in the valley of the Missouri River.

My sister Lisa and her best friend Jamie were in our kitchen when I got home from school. I had about an hour before I would have to shower, get dressed, and go relieve mom and dad at our family restaurant.

Lisa had a spiral bound notebook open on the breakfast table and Jamie was working on a large collection of small empty glass bottles sitting in a wire basket. She was holding each one under the running tap on one side of the kitchen sink before sitting it in a pool of soapy water on the other side.

“You don’t have to clean them that well just to put them in the recycling bin,” I said.

“They aren’t being recycled,” Jamie said.

Lisa shot her a glare as if she had said something wrong.

“Well,” Jamie said very softly to me with a mischievous grin, “not in the way you think.”

Lisa continued to stare lazer beams into Jamie, as her best friend ignored them.

“Homework?” I asked.

“Ich nehme an, das könnte man sagen,” (I suppose that you could say that), Lisa replied.

Oh, they were being German again...

It’s a little weird ... Okay, it’s more than a little weird. But the last time I got a free booty-show out of it. So, I figured it was worth a few minutes of my time to play along with the nuttiness and see what happened. Jamie did have a really cute little butt underneath the light cotton flower print dress she was wearing.

“What class is this for ... I mean ... what’s the point of what you’re doing?”

“Ich verstehe nicht,” (I don’t understand), said Jamie.

“Hat er nicht gesagt, dass er deutsch spricht?” (Didn’t he say he spoke German?)

“Ja er hat,” (yes he did), Lisa said to Jamie before turning to me.

“Bitte, wir lernen Englisch...” (please we’re learning English, but we don’t understand, would you speak German?)

“You want me to speak German,” I asked.

Jamie smiled. And Lisa smiled back, then Jamie fondled her best friend’s smallish but pert breasts through the spaghetti strapped top of the pale sour apple green dress she was wearing.

Okay, I thought. Nobody should sell my sister or cousin short. Still in high school, these two have just figured out an effective way to teach and practice a foreign language.

Okay...

“Warum...” (Why are you measuring these empty bottles?) I asked.

“Wir müssen ein paar neue Dildos kaufen,” (We need to buy two new dildos), said Jamie.

“Weil wir die alten...” (because we’ve worn the old ones out), Lisa said with a huge grin.

I smiled thinking, “Holy shit.” My heart filled with pride for what a beautifully dirty mind my younger sister had. At least that was one of the physical reactions that I was experiencing.

“Aber deine unlogischen amerikanischen...” (but your illogical American measurements are so weird), continued Jamie.

“Wir werden uns messen müssen,” (we’re going to have to measure ourselves), said Lisa.

“Ja, um die richtige Größe...” (yes, to figure out the correct size to buy).

“Uns, als Deutsche...” (so, being German) ... said my sister.

“Und alles Mögliche...” (and doing all manner of things in a technically competent way)...

“Ob solche Dinge einen Ingenieur mit...” (whether such things warrant an engineer with an advanced mathematical degree or not).

“Wir haben uns einen Plan...” (we came up with a plan).

“Wir werden dies wissenschaftlich tun,” (we are going to do this scientifically).

“Wir müssen die verfügbare Fläche messen,” (we need to measure the available area).

“Umfang und Tiefe...” (circumference and depth)...

“Damit wir neue Dildos kaufen...” (so that we can buy new dildos that fit us properly).

I looked more closely at their basket and they had quite a collection of empty bottles. I could recognize some of them, like two different sizes of the hot sauce bottles with the little wooden balls on the top. Most of them were labeled...

That seemed to be what Jamie was doing ... removing the labels.

While the bottles were of different shapes and sizes they were all made of glass and on the smallish side. There was a soy sauce bottle with a long tapered neck, a Japanese rice vinegar bottle with a shorter neck, and an olive oil bottle that was basically one tall tapered cone. There was a little green bottle that was square, and an eight sided one that previously held ketchup.

The biggest one, that had held barbecue sauce, was almost the size of a beer bottle.

Jamie started measuring them using a seamstress’ cloth tape. She called out something ... I guess measurements ... to my sister who dutifully wrote down the dimensions in the notebook before placing each of the bottles in the half of the sink filled with hot water. I guess to get the labels off.

“Sie werden die Flaschen...” (you are going to use the bottles to measure yourselves?)

“Ja, aber zuerst müssen wir...” (yes, but first we have to clean them thoroughly.)

My sister looked down at my shorts. They were starting to tent, and she smiled approvingly.

Well, listening to two very cute young women talking about buying dildos and talking about measuring themselves to buy ones that fit properly ... Thinking about my sister and her best friend playing around with dildos ... Using them on themselves and on each other was rather stimulating.

I wondered where I could buy a ticket to watch ... And I thought to myself that I’d have to start wearing briefs under my gym shorts from now on.

“Vielleicht könnte uns dieser Herr...” (perhaps this gentleman could help us with our task), Jamie said, stroking my butt through the fabric.

“Vielleicht...” said my sister, briefly stroking the crotch of my shorts.

Of course that got me even harder.

Jamie stuck both of her thumbs under my waistband and slowly pulled my shorts over my butt. They dropped to my ankles, and my erection sprung free ... Right there in the kitchen.

Lisa gently stroked it and smiled at Jamie.

Jamie fondled my butt again and then reached around me tickling my scrotum with her fingertips.

“So schön und groß,” (so nice and big), she said.

“Vielleicht sollten wir es messen,” (perhaps we should measure it), Lisa replied.

Then she said, “is our tape measure long enough,” suddenly dropping the German.

“Es ist größer ... It is bigger than most of our collection,” replied Jamie following suit.

“Thicker...” said Lisa.

“And longer...” replied Jamie

I’m not the most conceited guy on earth. I knew that the playful bit of banter between Lisa and Jamie was intended to arouse me. But all the same it was really nice listening to it.

Lisa turned away from me for a moment. Turning back with the seamstress tape, she dropped to her knees and measured my penis from a point on the base at the scrotum to the tip.

She called a number out to Jamie, who had stepped away. But I noticed that Jamie wasn’t writing anything in the notebook.

What she did do was get some some hand cream out of her purse. Lisa held out her right hand and Jamie squirted a little bit of the cream on her friend’s palm. Then she squirted a little bit on her own.

It wasn’t anywhere near the first time that my penis was soothed, moisturized and it was lubricated and protected. Nor was it the first time that it had been touched by female hands.

It had never been touched by two different women’s hands at the same time. That certainly was arousing. But what was far more arousing was whose hands were touching it.

Jamie was cuter than a bug and somebody I have known all of my life. Very little that she did surprised me, but this did. It would have been a wonderful experience where she the only one giving me a handjob in my kitchen.

But having Lisa do it as well ... Having my little sister’s hand on my dick stroking it while talking about how long, thick, and powerful it was constituted the most erotic thing that had happened to me in sixteen years.

It was simply amazing.

Had it been the only time it would be one of those lifetime memories ... but it wasn’t destined to be the only time.


