This file is a part of Elf Sternberg's Collected Works on ASSTR.  The
complete archive of Elf's work can be found on his website at:

http://www.drizzle.com/~elf

The author can be contacted at:

mailto:elf@drizzle.com

  ----------------------------------------------------------------------

                                Candy Cane

Journal Entry 292 / 00312

Mettare 00312

"Your nose is cold," I said, touching her face gently.

"Means I'm healthy," P'nyssa replied, smiling.

I handed her my blanket. "Means you're cold. Here, wrap this around you."
I rose to throw another log on the fire, rearranging the two logs already
in there to give more heat. "Comfy?"

She nodded. "It was nice of Dick and Susan to invite us over for the
holidays."

"Mm-hmm," I said. "Still wonder about them, though."

"Why?"

"Well, they were the only married couple to go into The Great Hall and
come out the same way. So why do they live here? I mean, it's not anywhere
near anywhere else, and it's so huge. They don't just live in a house,
they live in a literal castle. The only place that comes close to this is
Rhysh, and at least Rhysh has internal power. Instead it takes serious
fireplaces and blankets to stay warm. I feel like I'm in an old German
vampire movie."

She shrugged. "They like living out here."

"I know. It's just so weird."

"Still, New Year's is the biggest holiday of the year. I'm surprised you
accepted the invitation. Usually you like to spend New Year's with Paul
and Carroll."

"I know, but they wanted a little time to themselves right now. It's
not easy being the First Centaur, especially not on New Year's Day." I
smiled a little and reached for the little kettle hung on a hook in
front of the fireplace. I poured us both refills of mulled cider.

P'nyssa reached behind her and said, "Will you look at this thing, though?
How much sugar do you imagine is in this?" What she held was a one-pound
candy cane, almost a foot long and proportionately thick.

"I've no idea. Oh, that reminds me. Did you send out cards?"

She nodded. "Everybody got holiday cards, Ken, you know I sent them out
yesterday for delay mail."

"Good," I said, reaching up and massaging her shoulders. She moaned
appreciatively and said, "Wanna get into bed?"

"And do what?" I asked, smiling.

"That depends. Are you tired?"

"Nope."

"Good," she said, rising and holding out a mitten for me. I took it and
she pulled me up, leading me towards the enormous wooden bed laden over
with layer after layer of quilted blanket.

Just before we got there I let go of her hand. "Just a second." I walked
back over to the fireplace and threw on two more logs of a lighter wood,
hoping to get the fire to burn hotter and warm up the room.

The curtains were closed and tapestries hung on all walls, most of them
depicting fanciful scenes of starships and powered armor. I walked back
to P'nyssa, who had already gotten into bed, and crawled in besides
her. "We might want the room warmer," I suggested.

"Mm-hmm," she intoned. I cuddled up close to her, gently stroking her
blue bellyfur with my fingers, my hands caressing her body, moving up to
her breasts. When I found her nipples I pinched them gently, enjoying the
moans of pleasure I was eliciting from her. I scratched her fur gently
against the grain, then slowly closed two fingers around a nipple. She
moaned again. "Harder," she said.

A little surprised by the request, I pinched her nipple a little harder
and she moaned a little louder. "Perfect," she said. I leaned in a little
closer and kissed the other nipple as I stroked her body. She cooed
softly under my touch, but it's always been to my frustration that she's
not ticklish. Lucky for me she has no fingernails; I am. Despite that,
she still manages to tickle me mercilessly.

I lay against her shoulder as I touched her and chuckled softly. "What's
so funny?" she asked.

"We've worn grooves in each other. No matter where I lie on your chest,
I feel comfortable," I replied.

"That just means you've found all the comfortable spots," she said,
laughing. "You're so silly."

I found a little energy and pulled myself up over her, straddling her
thighs and said, "Silly, huh?"

"Yeah, silly," she said, her eyes all a-twinkle.

"Is this silly?" I asked as I shimmied down her body, burrowing under
the quilts to a point where I could reach her mons veneris, planting a
soft kiss directly on top of it.

"Yes, but I love you because of it," she sighed, parting her legs
slightly. We shifted, spreading her legs further. I lay down between them
and licked her lips softly. She moaned again and asked, "Do I taste okay?"

"You worry too much," I said from underneath the blankets. "You taste
wonderful," diving in to lick her as a demonstration, parting her labia
slightly with my fingers, feeling the fur of her thighs against my cheeks.
Every time my tongue flicked directly over her clit her whole right leg
twitched in response. I actually paused long enough to figure out that
it was her right leg, not her left.

I licked her gently, spreading her open. "Ken?" she asked.

"Yeah?"

"Can you breath under there?"

"No."

She laughed and shifted a little, propping up the blankets with her left
leg to let some air in. I rose from between her thighs and crawled back
up her body, kissing her on the lips. She pouted, "You're not stopping,
are you?"

"Just a sec," I said, crawling back down the the bottom edge of the bed
and leaning over. I thought I could reach the candy cane, but it was
just too far, and I fell off the edge.

"Are you all right?" she said, stifling a laugh.

"I'm fine," I said, laughing aloud. I pulled the blankets from the edge
of the bed up and crawled in that way, candy cane in hand. Once under
the quilts I bit at the protective plastic with my teeth, pulling it
down and off. It made quite a ripping noise as I did. "What are you
doing down there?" she asked. I imagine I'd worry too if my lover was
under the covers and I heard this loud ripping noise.

"Just wait," I said, tucking the cane beside me and again lying down
between her legs. She cooed in response to my licks again, and her
cunt began to get very wet, just the way I liked it, and I lapped up
her juices with my tongue. She groaned, and her leg shuddered gently
as she drew closer and closer to her climax. Her whole body tensed,
shuddered violently, and she let out a small "Uhhh..." as she came,
releasing the tension slowly, by degrees.

I stopped attacking her clit directly, lightly caressing her satiny-soft
inner lips with my tongue, as she relaxed. After a few seconds she said,
"Two?"

"Why not?" I asked. I began licking her again, shifting onto one side
and reaching for the cane. It was still as cold as the room had been,
and I slid it under my chin and pressed it up against her cunt.

"That's cold!" she said. "What are you doing?"

"You were worried about your taste, so I got something to take care
of it."

"Oh, no..." she said, her words dissolving into moans as I flicked my
tongue across her clit just a little harder, twisting the candy cane
gently back and forth, pressing it deeper and deeper into her cunt until
I had it a good distance inside her. The candy flavor reached me as I
slowly slid the cane in and out of her, my tongue fluttering up and down
over her clit and striking the shaft of the huge candy cane as it did.

It was wonderfully tasty. "Harder, lick me just a little harder," she
whispered, and I complied, digging in with my tongue. It was getting
hard to breath under all those blankets, more from the heat than lack
of oxygen, but I ignored that as much as I could, and her body shook
and shuddered as her second orgasm washed over her.

I slid the cane out of her and licked her cunt gently, ostensibly trying
to dry her off, but also for those last few, sweet licks. I crawled back
towards the top of the bed and kissed her softly. "Like that?" I asked.

"You were mean to me," she said, a mock pout on her face.

I held up the candy cane and licked it, tasting her deepest juices
blended with the traditional cane flavor. "Put that down," she said.

I put it on the bedstand and she whispered, "Put this inside me, instead,"
grabbing ahold of my cock.

"Really?" I asked. "And what will I get if I do?" I asked.

"I won't tickle you," she said, her mittens stroking my cock to a ready
hardness. "It's not hard enough; bring it here." I crawled forward a
little and she bent over, taking my cock into her mouth.

I groaned with my own pleasure, her mouth softly doing the impossible
of my making my stone-hard erection even harder. "Now it's ready,"
she announced, lying back against the pillow.

I smiled and slid back, pressing my erection against her. "A little
to the left," she smiled, her eyes twinkling. "That's it," she said,
my cock sinking it's full length into her in one thrust. She closed her
eyes as I did. "What a nice cock," she sighed.

"It's nice to be appreciated after all these years," I said, smiling. She
smiled back. I sped up, fucking her harder, and she moaned "Yes, yes...
just like that, just like that," as I slid in and out. I varied my speed,
sometimes very fast, sometimes slow, sometimes stopping. Not out of
any deliberate desire, but just because I was terribly out of shape,
and needed to catch my breath. She groaned softly.

"Would you like to turn over?" I asked.

"Do you want me to?" she asked.

"Do you?"

She nodded, and I slid out of her. "Just a second," she said, leaning
over the edge of the bed and reaching into her travel bag. "This is so
good, I want my vibrator."

She found the little thing and turned it on; it buzzed in her hands, and
she turned over, sticking her wonderfully full ass into the air. I got up
behind her and slid my cock into her. "Yessss..." she hissed as I put both
hands on the small of her back and began to stroke in and out, watching
my cock get slick and shiny with her juices. I could feel the vibrations
reaching me through her body as I pounded her cunt. I looked down and
between her beautiful blue-furred buttocks was the tiny hairless cleft
of her anus winking up at me. And although in this position sometimes I
stroke to far, tonight there seemed to be no problem; I pounded my cock
against her ass, feeling each wonderful impact, and the smell of her
feminine juices, with still just a hint of mint, reached my nostrils. She
buried her head in the huge feather pillows, panting softly and groaning.

In this position it took little energy to keep going; I found a
comfortably hard rhythm and kept with it, back and forth, back and forth,
fucking my sweet coimelin on. She shuddered and I heard her vibrator
drop to the bed, turning itself off. I began to fuck her just a little
bit harder, feeling my balls churn as they slapped against her cunt,
and I came, blinded with pleasure, shooting my semen into her.

I slid out of her and collapsed next to her on the bed. She stayed in the
position she'd been in. "If you stay that way," I said, "your muscles'll
knot up."

"I know," she said, her voice muffled by the pillows. "But I'm too tired
to move." I laughed and gently pushed her leg out from under her with
my foot. She collapsed to the bed, groaning as she did so.

"Whew," she said. "That was wonderful?"

"Was it?" I asked, smiling.

"What do you mean, 'Was it?' Of course it was!" she said. We both laughed.

"Are you that hot that you don't want the blanket?"

"No," she mumbled. "I'm just too lazy to get under." She sat up slowly
and said, "Besides, I have go to the bathroom." She stood up and woozily
walked towards the door. "If I make it there," she said.

I watched her leave, then rose to again re-arrange the fire, now banking
the flames down low, to give us a long night of warmth. I closed the spark
mesh over the fireplace, and was just hopping into bed when she returned.
"My feet are cold now," she warned.

"So? I'll warm 'em up," I said. She crawled in next to me. Although the
furry tops of her feet weren't really cold, when she pressed the bottom
pad against my leg I squealed a little.

"Told you," she mumbled, falling fast asleep.

"G'night beloved," I said.

  ----------------------------------------------------------------------


Original document is available from:
http://www.drizzle.com/~elf/journals

The Journal Entries of Kennet R'yal Shardik, et. al., and Related Tales
are Copyright (c) 1989-2000 Elf Mathieu Sternberg. Distribution limited
to electronic media not-for-profit use only. All other rights are reserved
to the author.
