


Subordinate Part I (Mf nc slow) By Foxbat



Disclaimer:  The characters in this story are completely fictional, and bear 
no intended resemblance to characters in real life.  This story contains 
graphic sex, in some cases non-consensual, and should not be read if such 
stories are illegal in your state, or if you are a minor.

Please feel free to distribute this, on the condition that the disclaimer 
and author's name remain intact and unaltered.


Feedback is welcome and appreciated: foxbat00@gmail.com


Part I:

The rather thick stack of paper which was Katie's sophomore termpaper hit the desk 
with a thud.   She had been staring off into space, and the sudden noise 
brought her back to reality sharply.  She looked at me with tear filled 
eyes.

"But I.... that's not the paper I turned in," she said as if she needed to 
keep repeating it to herself to keep believing it.

And, indeed, it was not the paper she had turned in.

Katie Hale was one of the top students in my class - perhaps in the whole 
university.  Bright, enthusiastic, eager, and drop dead gorgeous, many 
considered her one of those magic people who had it all.  She certainly did 
seem to.  But that was about to change.

Having her in my class had been a joy in more than one way.  She was a treat 
to the intellect, as well as a treat to the eyes, and I was about to make 
her a treat in other ways as well.  Seeing her every day had had an effect 
on me.  I have always kept my life as a person completely separate from my 
life as a professor. I'm not the type who is sleeping with a different 
student each week.  Although I am single, I've not really much missed the idea 
of marriage or having a social life - my work is everything, and any girl I 
had would probably have left me when she realized she couldn't compete with 
the demands of classes and of running my history department.  And it was *my* 
department.

Katie was one of those people marked for success and everyone knew it.  
Unfortunately, she was just a bit too successful in catching my attention.  
I had already conquered my colleagues to consolidate my position in the 
department and the university, and I needed a new challenge.  And Katie was 
going to be it.

It had taken quite a bit of reading and many many dumb questions in IRC 
channels to learn enough to make it possible, but I got there.  Katie may 
not have handed in the plagiarized paper that lay on my desk, but her 
computer contained no trace of any other paper, and a detailed analysis of 
ITS records would reveal that it was her ip address which accessed the 
website where a paper such as this could be downloaded.  And the creation 
date on the paper coincided with the visit to said website.  It was perfect.
Looking up, Katie was again staring off into space.  If I took her paper to 
the University's Committee on Academic Standing, she would probably be 
expelled.  Even if I only flunked the paper, her position in the major would 
be ruined and the reputation among professors that would produce would cast 
a pall over everything else she did.  The word of plagarism itself, if 
mentioned in conjunction with her name, would probably be sufficient to deny 
her access to the grad schools and positions she would otherwise be a shoo 
in for.

"Do you know why you can't explain the fact that the paper sitting here in 
front of me with your name on it, which the TA told me is a plagiarized 
paper handed in by you?" I asked, again snapping her back to reality.
With her knees drawn up to her chest, she lifted her face enough to shake 
her head no.

"Its because I put it there.  And put your name on it.  And fixed the ITS 
records to reflect that this paper was downloaded to your computer.  Oh - 
and no trace of your real paper exists.  I removed any record of it on your 
computer, and personally burned the rough draft that you had thrown in the 
waste can.  To anyone else, you wrote this paper."

She sniffled and wiped the freshest tears off her face with her sleeve 
before giving me a very betrayed and asking softly "why?"
"Because you are one hot piece of ass, with a mind to match, and I want you 
for myself.  I have a department, I have a national reputation - I can have 
almost anything I want.  And now I want you."  I leaned forward and looked 
at her.  "You do realize that this minor incident can easily be forgiven and 
forgotten, don't you?"
	By this point, the tears had started rolling again, but I could see Katie 
trying valiantly to fight them back.  "I guess," she replied, still looking 
somewhat confused.
	"Good.  Good....  Its not like you have much choice anyway.  You tell anyone 
about this, I ruin your life at this school, and probably your career.  
There are of course benefits to cooperating too.  The right recommendation 
from me would probably guarantee you a place in the graduate program of your 
choice.  And in time, you may even enjoy parts of our relationship.
	"Lets get down to business then.  From here on out, you do whatever I say.  
I don't care if you don't want to.  I don't care if you think you can't.  
Piss me off enough, and instead of literally fucking you over, I will 
figuratively fuck you over too.  Got the idea?"
	Still curled into a tight ball, Katie nodded silently.
	"You on the pill?"  It never hurts to be too careful in my experience.  
Katie nodded again.  I walked around the desk, and reached down to draw her 
chin up.  Her eyes met mine for a brief second, and then dropped to the 
floor.
	I hooked a finger into the bra strap which was peaking out from under her 
loose black top, drawing her to her feet.  With her still looking glumly at 
the floor, I traced my finger down her front, between the swell of her 
breasts to the bottom of her shirt.  My other hand joined the first in 
slowly sliding her blouse up her torso.  She raised her arms and the blouse 
drifted to the floor.  Again drawing her face to look at me, I instructed 
her to take off her bra.  Starting with one strap and followed by the other, 
she let the bra fall, and made no effort to cover her bare chest.
	I reached out tentatively to touch her - she seemed so resigned to her fate 
that it was almost fascinating.  She didn't flinch as my fingers gently 
caressed one breast, as I walked around behind her.
	Part of what made Katie so attractive was the energy and spunk with which 
she always comported herself, and that was totally absent now.  I wanted it 
back - this vegetative shit wasn't the Katie that I planned to fuck.
	In one smooth motion, I stepped forward, using my body to pin her between 
me and the desk, while grabbing a handful of hair bending her over the desk. 
  My other hand reached back and whacked her hard across the ass as I pulled 
up on her hair as I reached back under her skirt and ripped her panties off 
in one quick yank.
	After letting go of her hair, I growled, "hold your ass open."  Despite the 
fact that her face was pressed to the glass surface of my desk, I could feel 
her sobbing, and, with no resistance whatsoever she obediently reached back, 
drawing her ass-cheeks apart.  I knelt down to inspect, and a neatly trimmed 
pussy greeted my eyes.  I leaned in, and ran my finger down her ass-crack 
through the bone-dry folds of her pussy.  I shrugged - a dry fuck would hurt 
her more than me.  Probing again, I spat on her hole to give us a little 
headstart.
	Standing up, I dropped trow, and maneuvered my now rock-hard dick up 
against her.  With one hand on her ass, I reached forward and rested my hand 
on her shoulder, as I firmly pushed my cock into her, inch by slow and dry 
inch.  Once I was fully inside, I reached up to brush the hair back from her 
face, so I could admire the beauty that was bent over the desk in front of 
me and thoroughly impaled on my cock.  And beautiful she was, eyes red from 
tears squeezed shut framed by her black hair and her white skin.  I dragged 
my dick almost out again, and began fucking her to a slow deep rhythm, 
pushing myself past the resistance with each stroke.  My hand drifted from 
her ass to her crotch, as I began to slowly make circular motions rubbing 
her clit against my slow-and-steady dick.  Just the sight of her face, 
trying so hard to deny that she was being fucked, and the feel of her cunt 
around my shaft, made me feel on top of the world.  I interrupted my slow 
rhythm to slam into her, bringing her out of her peaceful reverie.  Her head 
snapped up, as I reached up to fondle her now exposed breasts.  I pulled her 
back towards the surface of the desk by the tits, as I began to fuck her in 
earnest.  Her nature had reacted to getting fucked a bit, but she was still 
dry, so each stroke produced a "snock snock snock" noise as my pelvis 
smacked into her buttocks and my balls bounced off her mound.
	It didn't take much of a fuck like this to do the job, and almost before I 
wanted, I found myself pulling her back onto my prong by the tits, and I 
hunched forward trying to fit as much of myself inside her as I could, as I 
orgasmed powerfully dumping my load inside her.  After a few seconds of 
delicious glory, I exhaled, pulled out, and wiped the last dribbles off my 
dick on the side of her ass.  I walked back around to my side of the desk, 
removing a wet washcloth from a drawer to clean myself off.  She hadn't 
moved from where I left her, bent over the desk, a dribble of warm sperm 
oozing down her thigh, breath making a fog on the glass as she silently 
sobbed, broken.
	That fuck had been good because of who she was - the fuck experience itself 
had plenty room for improvement.  I didn't want to fuck a submissive 
vegetable - I wanted some emotional investment, be it whether she fought, or 
got into it more.  I stood up again, walked around and wiped her up with the 
washcloth, and pulled her upright.  I could see the detachment and defeat in 
her eyes.
	For the third time that day, I held her chin so she had to look me in the 
eyes.
	"This is not your fault, nor did you do anything to cause this.  Take this 
as one sick compliment - you are perfect enough to merit risking my life on 
raping you.  I see giving up in your eyes - the Katie I know never gives 
up."  I reached for the clothes on the floor.  Still looking her in the eyes 
as I put her back in the bra I continued, "I want to you to walk outside of 
this office just as proud and confident as you walked in.  You are going to 
have a golden career, secure an high mark on your paper, which your original 
would have gotten anyway, since I read it before I burned it.  You are a 
successful girl, and you will only be more so now.
	"Take tomorrow off from your classes to pull yourself together - don't 
forget what's important to you," I told her, as I re-buttoned her blouse.  I 
could see the resolve beginning to return - the old Katie I knew.
	I turned her towards the door, with a pat on the ass, and watched her walk 
out, feeling very manly on the one hand for what I had just pulled off, and 
strangely very proud of her on the other hand.



This will definitely be continued.

Once again, write me if you have questions, comments, suggestions, etc.  - 
foxbat00@gmail.com
