When Jim announces his candidacy it's because fucking Rahm Emanuel and Nancy Pelosi and Gavin Newsom all get on his ass to do it.

And Jim has more-or-less legitimate conversations with Spock about it, with Bones, and they decide it'll be for four years, that's it. He's 36, he wants something new.

So they announce it, he goes on Rachel Maddow's show and she kind of geeks out over him a little, and suddenly the news isn't so much PUBLICITY STUNT FROM THAT DOUCHE JIM KIRK to JIM KIRK BLOWS UP THE POLLS.

Gaila does another piece on him for Rolling Stone, and she actually calls them a Power Couple. UNIRONICALLY.

The night after Jim announces, he comes home and hands Spock a large velvet box, which Spock gives him a look of complete and utter hate before opening it and looking at the strand of pearls.

"Nancy recommended the jeweler," Jim says, and Spock does that thing where he's envisioning how easy it would be to snap Jim's neck. Spock and Madame Speaker get along very well, but she thinks it's really funny to encourage Jim's bad behavior and Spock can't seem to manage to say to her "I will choke a bitch if he brings me a pantsuit, and that bitch will be you."

That night Jim gets fucked raw, bent over the couch, and the pearls are defiled utterly.

Sulu and Chekov buy Spock an entire fucking wardrobe full of Jackie Kennedy-inspired skirt-suites, and one really ugly pantsuit which Chekov swears up and down was something Hillary Clinton actually wore.

Uhura tells Spock that this was his own goddamn fault, but still drinks with him because she is steadfast loyal and true, and then tells him to stop being such a pussy and actually act like he has a brain in his head.

San Francisco doesn't really know what hit it, and they dominate all the news cycles-- Spock at this affair, Jim meeting with this person, the two of them talking at a senior center, being candid on Larry King about what it means to be able to marry and how government has a responsiblity to protect its citizens and never take away from their rights; they advocate social libertarianism and somehow there are KIRK/SPOCK '32 stickers all over the fucking place.

He scares off all the primary challengers, which means the match up is between super-liberal Jim Kirk and pretty damn conservative Hank Nero.

Nero hits on Spock, Jim punches him, and the tabloids run with it the way they haven't run with anything since John Edwards cheated on his dying wife and had a lovebaby and thought he could still run for office and NO ONE WOULD KNOW.

Jim wins in a landslide: 79-21.

The picture that runs isn't of Spock smiling and waving politely behind the stupidly-grinning Jim; it's one of Spock smirking at them all like he knows shit that they don't, and Jim looking over at him like he wants to make sure Spock realizes what just happened.

Sulu and Chekov and Uhura decorate it with pink hearts and blow it up and Jim hangs it in the Mayor's office behind his desk.