9. – Beckon

I wandered from the bedroom crypt into the main room, within clear sight of the exit. Mendez and Garrick humored me, allowing me to read the letter without distraction. For indeed, it was a letter – a missive from the dead, addressed to me.

“If you are reading this, then it seems that I may have underestimated you, Kort old man. Congratulations.

“How long has it been, now? Ten years? Twenty? Not since my demise, of course, for, as we both know, there is no way in hell that you would be holding my diary were I still among the living. (You are holding it, aren’t you? Good man.)”

A diary? I looked closer. The small pages were unlined, faded ivory in color and ragged-edged on the left side as though they had been torn out of a book. What might a man like Erich Sonndheim keep in a diary, for the love of God?

“No, how long has it been since that day – you can’t have forgotten? The day I took everything from you. Everything you deemed worth living for.”

I could hear his voice whisper those words, as though he stood right behind me. I could even feel his foul breath upon my neck. My eyes closed, whether in supplication to the dead or in prayer even I did not know. In that moment, the face I saw in my mind was not Erich’s, but Bradley’s. Not yet sixteen, and begging for his life.

No – begging for his life.

I opened my eyes; the pages rustled with the tremor in my hand. I glanced around, verified my privacy, then continued reading.

“Ah, so you do remember. Very good. It would be tragic for you to find your mind slipping. Some things should never be forgotten – the dead, of course, forget nothing, and forgive even less.

“Did you train the boy at last? Did he bend to your will, or to your whip, perhaps? Or, did you continue to bend for him?”

“Bastard!” I whispered, choking back the tears. “You know nothing!” With effort, I read further. It was as though the letter wrote itself in response to my thoughts, for the next statement chilled me to the core:

“Never pretend that I do not know your most precious secrets, dearest Kort. Or should I say ‘Rudi’?”

“Oh, dear God…” I read the rest of it in a blur, unable now to stop.

“Oh, yes, I know all about Berlin. Grant too. You should have picked more reliable friends. As I write this, he is still with us, posing as a teacher of linguistics while carrying on his sentimentalist subversions. Just like Davies. I swear, there must be only three kinds of instructors here: the soft rebels, the loyal agents…and you, my dear Kort. You are in a category all your own.

“I suspect that Grant at least may have had the balls to shoot me before things ever went that far.

“Can it be that you were indecisive? That the spirit was willing but the action lacking? Perhaps you simply could not prioritize? True, you preserved your own life, but at what cost?

“Are you sleeping well these days?

“Oh, I’m sorry, you were sleeping well, weren’t you – until you read this.

“Dearest Kort. ‘Rudi’. Been to Berlin lately? I suspect you must be aching, if you have not been. And after pinning all your hopes on your ‘star’ – so sad. Did your prize student turn out to be not what you expected? Does he despise you for what you have done?

“Does he prefer women?

“Pity. He was quite the handsome boy. I may still have some film of him, I shall have to check.

“I could have been your dearest ally, but I am no longer bitter. What was mine is now yours, in all things. I trust you will make good use of my resources. Know that you have them with my blessing, and my most sincere encouragement.

“But search quickly. Some things do not die easy, and your worst fear is ever close by your side. You refused my embrace when I could have changed your life; now in death I leave you to the beast of your own creation.

“You should never have denied me, Kort.”

“You all right?” Mendez asked, pausing on his way to the door.

“Yes,” I whispered, no longer sure that my mask held, and not caring. “I’m fine.”

“I think we’re done here,” Mendez told me, “I can’t stand the smell anymore. We did find a padlock, for the chain.”

“I’ll stay,” I murmured, glancing at my friend, then back at the pages in my hand. “For a while. Leave the lock where I can find it. I’ll take care of securing the room.

“You certain, Konn?” Garrick sounded concerned, and I realized I must have looked a sight.

In fact, I felt I must look as though I had just seen a ghost, which was not all that far from the truth. “Yes, Garrick, I’m certain. If you want to help any more tonight, figure out what to do with that body. Any idea who he was?”

Mendez answered for him. “Not a clue. But from what I can tell, he wasn’t beaten much, and his hands were in fine shape. Died from a crushing blow to the head.”

“No uniform? No pass?” I asked, intrigued in spite of myself.

“Nothing. It’s as though he lived here.”

“Or, after Erich died, they reclaimed the uniform for recycling,” Garrick offered.

“But why secure the bedroom afterward? It was locked from the inside,” Mendez reminded us.

“If I find anything of interest, I’ll include you,” I promised them both. “Meanwhile, see if there’s anything in the administrative records about this boy – it was a boy, wasn’t it?” Though the mummified body was quite well preserved, I had avoided looking too closely.

Garrick rolled his eyes. “Chained naked to Sonndheim’s bed? You know it’s not a girl, Konn.”

I nodded, still distracted. “Ah, right. What shall we do with it, then?”

“I know what Erich would do with it,” Mendez stated with lewd inflection.

“Gentlemen, lest any of us forget,” I stated firmly, “Herr Sonndheim is no longer with us. In any form or manner. His ghost can torment that pitiful shell no more. I suggest we remove the body to medical for an autopsy and possible identification.”

“In other words,” Garrick observed, “you suggest that we remove the body while you stay here and commune with the dead.”

“Need I remind you that I hold trance mediums in high scorn, my friend?” I forced a smile and said, “Get Mendez out of here before he pukes.”

The two fashioned a sort of sling out of bed linens and strung it between them, its fragile payload nestled in the ivory folds. I saw a last glimpse of golden curls and one delicate hand before Garrick and Mendez vanished down the hallway with their grisly cargo.

I returned my attention to the diary pages, re-reading them in search of some clue. Ashen laughter echoed from the paper, made my skin ache. I had become quite convinced that Erich Sonndheim knew far more than he should have known, more than he had any right of access to. Some of that information must surely have bearing on Bradley Crawford’s team.

Or on Hernandez…

My jaw tightened, and I had to restrain myself from crushing the pages into a knot. The inquest had been closed, formally and irrevocably. The thought that Sonndheim might have been withholding evidence just didn’t make sense.

Unless… I scanned the last page again, found the passage that at first made too little sense, and now threatened to make too much. Filled with superstitious dread and an equally powerful need to hear my own voice, I read the words aloud. “But search quickly. Some things do not die easy, and your worst fear is ever close by your side.”

A soft creak whispered from the doorway. I flinched, reaching for my pistol as I whirled toward the sound.

Nothing there.

Forcing my attention away from the door, I regarded the letter once again. As though reading an incantation, the sort that is disastrous to leave only half-spoken, I finished the passage in a whisper. “You refused my embrace when I could have changed your life; now in death I leave you to the beast of your own creation. You should never have denied me…”

The hairs on the back of my neck stirred, dared me to turn – or not to turn: both options seemed equally absurd, and equally compelling. I carefully folded the pages and slipped them into a pocket, then drew my gun and turned toward the door yet again.

Still nothing.

That feeling of menace did not recede, it merely moved with me, taunting me with poltergeist hatred. I set my gun down on the desk and put my gloves back on, finally, wearily; my hands were sweaty and trembling.

I realized that my heart was pounding as though I had been running. It was time to leave this place.

The padlock waited patiently beside my pistol, its latch open but without a key to reopen it should I have the need. I really didn’t want to use bolt cutters every damn time; someone was bound to notice the damaged chain, and I had no desire to explain my actions here. Moving with rapid determination, I began searching for the key. Surely the man had one: it didn’t make sense for him to keep an opened padlock without having the matching key somewhere.

I tried the drawers of the desk first, since that would be where I would keep such a thing. The wide drawer opened easily, sliding forward with a rattle of pencils and paper clips, and the unsteady rolling of a bottle of correction fluid. But no keys.

And no diary.

This wasn’t about the damn diary, I reminded myself. I needed a key, and I needed to get the hell out of here.

The next likely drawer was, of course, locked. I focused my power on the mechanism and twisted; it opened with a soft click. Impatient, I hauled the drawer open.

A great sliding clatter greeted my effort, and I sidestepped, cursing. The damn thing could have been booby-trapped, and I would have just triggered it without a second thought. Panting harshly, I looked into the drawer for the source of the noise.

Glitters of silver and brass outlined a mass of keys, strung together on a lanyard. The occasional paper clip or safety pin dropped out as I lifted my prize with a sense of awe. I’d never seen so many keys in one place before, and the experience was weirder than I would have supposed.

Hoping that the one I needed would be among the tangle, I turned the padlock over and looked for a maker’s mark or a number or some such. Finding it, I began searching through the keys for a large brass one with a diamond logo. The irony of this struck me while I worked, and my teeth gnashed. Diamond indeed. I located a likely candidate, and tried it.

Amazingly enough, I now had a mated pair of key and lock. I smiled at my good fortune, dismissing the thought of traps for a little while longer. I collected my pistol and the lantern, then headed for the door. Now that I controlled the padlock, I could return at my leisure to search for that damn diary. I didn’t even question when I had decided to do this, I merely took it for granted that I would indeed return; how could I not?

But for tonight, I was done. I’d spent more time in that apartment now than I had wanted to, and I had to get out and back into territory more friendly to me.

As I fastened the door with the heavy chain across it, the relief that passed through me left my knees shaking. I leaned against the wall and stuffed the mess of keys into an empty pocket in my jacket, allowing myself time for the reaction to pass. Though I’d never suffered from claustrophobia, being in there had certainly given me a taste of it.

Claustrophobia…

Wait a moment – given the choice of a small space or a large one, which will the phobic take without conscious thought?

Whether it had been his intention or not, I thanked the ghost of Sonndheim for the inspiration. If my seers were indeed having an effect on Bradley’s visions, perhaps he could be more accurately herded, rather than anticipated. Given the choice of the narrow pass or the open plains, which would he take?

They shall have to be subtle, more so than they have ever been, and it will take some time, but if it works – I shall lead Bradley exactly where I wish to find him.

A/N:

Does anyone else think the diary is another LITFA sort of thing? Maybe the entire apartment too?

As for why Konnor might use his gift on a desk lock and not on a padlock, the reasons are several. A desk lock is a usually on a single-notch tumbler, easy to pick or merely force, whereas a padlock is more complex. Konnor does not want to waste time standing in the hallway in front of this apartment fiddling with the lock when he could use a key and gain access that much faster.