It was the first day of Spring Semester at Community College Of Philadelphia and the beginning of a new life for me, Mike Thompson. At twenty years old I had been out of high school for just about three years and' still had no job and was quickly becoming depressed. I had decided it was time to go back to school and try to learn a trade with hopes that doing such a thing might better my chances of getting a good job and building a life.
I planned on going for creative writing to better his writing skills; I wanted to become an author someday and write a fantasy novel. It had been my dream since I was just a kid. Just to be safe though, I was also going to be taking up carpentry so that I had some form of backup in case writing did not work out for him as a career. I wanted a fresh start and' a future and the ability to say that I could accomplish something.
I was positive that the way to accomplish that was to go back to school.
I did not have very much money, so Community College was the best solution for me and I managed to get a grant and a couple of loans. I was also very thankful towards my mother and step-father who had helped pay for all the supplies that I needed to buy such as copy books, pens, pencils and etc.
It was my first day and I was pretty' excited to say the least. I got off the Market Frankford line at 13th street and' took the subway to Spring Garden and walked up towards the school. I pulled out my cell phone and called my friend Jamie; she was also a student here, studying creative writing just as I was and she had told me if I needed I could call her and she would help me out on my first day. After a few ring's she picked up her phone.
"Hello?"
"Hey, Jamie it's me Mike; I'm outside the school and I have no clue where my classroom is."
"Oh, well come in through the cafeteria and meet me by the lunch line. I'll' help you get there after I finish breakfast, we still have an hour before class anyway."
I hung up and' made my way in through the cafeteria entrance and looked around a bit before spotting Jamie by the lunch line. I made my way over to her and tapped her on the shoulder, startling her, but when she realized it was' me she laughed and threw her arms around me and hugged me.
Jamie was a beautiful girl with short blonde hair and beautiful blue eyes, and oh what a sexy fucking body. We had known each other our entire lives, literally' since we were in diapers. Our families were close friends as well which was really' the reason why we knew each other so well and for so long.
I knew she'd' had a crush on me since we were in at least the ninth grade and I guess I kind of had' feelings for her to but they did not go as deep as the way she felt for me.
She finished up her breakfast and as promised started walking me to the carpentry class.
"So you excited to be here?"
"Yeah, definitely; I just hope I can keep my head above the depression you know? I just want to do what's best for me."
"I'm sure you'll get through," she smiled at me.
"Of course, as long as I have my best friend," I laughed. She blushed and gave me a hug as we stopped outside what I assumed was the carpentry room.
"I am really proud of you for doing this though; you've been through hell since we left high school. You deserve to have something good happen for once."
She walked away after that, but not before giving me a light kiss on the cheek. It was my turn to blush now and I was thankful she had walked away right after the kiss so she would not notice me blushing.
I walked into carpentry class and introduced myself to the instructor who proceeded to announce, that they had a new student and told me to introduce myself to the other students.
I had always been a people person, so I had no problem making friends pretty much as soon as I had sat down at the appointed seat.
I met a guy named Joe and another guy named Shane and we spent a bit of time talking for a while before the class actually started.
Carpentry was done and over with by about 10:00 and I had half an hour before my next class, creative writing at 10:30 so I decided to head down to the cafeteria with Shane and Joe for a while. I was surprised to see that Jamie was there but then I remembered we both had creative writing class and at the same time.
"So here's to the new kid," Shane said referring to me obviously and everyone at the table laughed. "He did good on his first day of a real man's job, but now he's off to creative writing class."
He was mocking me I knew, but I also knew he was joking and I took no offense and laughed along with him and everyone else.
"I'm just fucking with you man. You're a cool dude' I hope your creative writing class goes well."
"Thanks Shane,"
Jamie scooted closer to me and handed me her bottle of Mountain Dew. We always shared our drinks at lunch in high school, and it made me laugh to find that we were doing the same thing now; it felt like we were back in high school again.
I took a swig of the mountain dew and handed the bottle back to her as Joe, Shane and a girl named Kim talked about going to the movies after class that same night. As I listened to the conversations, I found myself distracted when my eyes crossed paths with the most beautiful person I had seen in a long time. She was tall, about 5'9" with long silky black hair and beautiful blue eyes. She had long beautiful legs with smooth skin and she wore a black dress, rocking the sort of gothic style but it fit her perfectly.
I did not realize until it was too late and she winked at me, that she was coming over to our table.
I shook my head, looking away quickly so as not to let on that I had been staring at her. I did not want to make her feel freaked out or anything like that.
Jamie noticed my quick motions and laughed, shaking her head. I knew she knew what was going on and that was why she was laughing at me, but I did not have anything to say. I was thankful I had known her for so long because I knew she would not make fun of me or if she did' it would only be jokingly.
The girl leaned over Shane's shoulder and rustled his hair a bit before sitting down beside him casually and it was pretty' clear that everyone here knew her well and that they were all close friends with her.
"Who is she?" I could not help but pop the question and Jamie giggled beside me.
"That's Alison George. She studies sexuality, something else and oh yeah she's also in our creative writing class in fifteen minutes."
That was just great; I was always a people person but I was horrible with girls that I had a crush on. So' I had just met her and' already I found myself attracted to her and on top of that I had to share a class with her. This was probably not going to end well, at least not for me anyway.
"Hey c'mon, it's time for class," Jamie said patting my leg.
We stood up from the table, said goodbye to the others and started walking in the direction that I figured would lead to our creative writing class. Halfway to the room, I noticed Alison following close behind us and I could not help but feel nervous even though she probably had no idea I was even paying attention. Why would she think about that anyway, she was just walking to class like' we are.
I snapped myself out of it just as we came up to the door leading into the classroom and we walked inside. Again' I introduced myself to the teacher and the students and took a seat at the top row of seats next to Jamie.
I groaned, slightly disappointed when I realized that Alison's seat was apparently just two seats down from the left of me. I did my best to pretend not to notice or even care but I guess Jamie probably knew because she kept laughing at me.
Creative writing was an hour and a half long, it was over at exactly 12:00 and that was my last class for the day. Though Jamie had one more class in twenty minutes, so I decided to hang out in the cafeteria with whoever was there and wait for her to finish up' her day that way we could leave together. As I sat, eating my lunch, trying to focus on my food I noticed that Alison was standing across the room talking with three or four girls that were probably good friends of hers.
Shane was sitting across from me talking with someone about getting a band together and going to see a show for some local band in a couple of days. I got up to throw my trash out having finished my meal, and that's' when I noticed her looking back at me. I froze, we had made eye contact but I felt relieved when she smiled at me and winked before walking off towards the bathroom.
Finally, Jamie came down from her class and I felt relieved to know that I could get out of this building now having survived my first day and already developed a crush on somebody here. As we made our way to the door though, Shane ran up behind us and stopped us before we could leave.
"Hey, we're going to see some stupid horror movie tonight; you guys should come along."
"A stupid horror movie," Jamie asked with a sly grin. "Why would we want to see a 'stupid horror movie' Shane,"
"Just come along. Everyone is going, Joe,
Christy, Bryan, Alison we'll all be there."
We agreed to go and I had not even realized until I got home that one of the people he mentioned was going to be there was Alison. I could not back out at this point and besides that' I did not really want to; Jamie didn't' want me to either.
She pretty much knew I had a thing for Alison and she wanted me to try to talk to the girl and get to know her instead of being so shy.
We met up with everybody at Neshaminy Mall around 6:30 that night and once everybody got their' tickets it was into the theater we went. I sat beside Jamie with her on my left and Shane on my right and two seats down in back' of me was none other than Alison.
I must have spaced out though because I did not notice when Shane and Jamie both got up and moved to the row behind me switching seats with Alison who then came down and took the spot where Jamie had been a few seconds before. I felt my cheeks on fire when I realized she was right next to me and she smiled at me when I glanced over at her. The movie started and ran for about an hour and a half; Shane was right, it was a pretty' stupid movie.
I was beginning to wonder why we had even gone in the first place, but it was good to be out of the house. After it ended, it was still a little early and everyone decided to stop in Subway and get something to eat. I ordered a turkey and cheese sandwich on an Italian roll and sat down at the table with Shane, Joe, Jamie, Bryan and Alison.
I could not stand sitting here and looking over at her like this and not being able to say at least something. I had to say at least something, or I was going to drive myself insane with lust or whatever' the hell was going on in my head.
"So how did you like the movie?" I finally spoke. She smiled at me taking a sip of her soda and nodded her head with a look on her face that said she wasn't' sure how to feel.
"Well, it could have been better. I've seen a lot better; what did you think?"
"I don't know, I guess it was alright. Like you said, it could have been better."
At least I had broken the ice and now we were actually having a conversation, the first conversation we'd' had all day since we first met at school that morning. We talked about the movie for a little while then the lesson we had been' taught in creative writing class today and what genres we both loved to write in.
Before we knew it though, it was 10:00 and the mall was getting ready to close. Everyone made their way out into the parking lot, I was walking alongside Alison and Jamie had gone on ahead purposely so as to give us time to get to know each other a little better. As we walked, Alison lit up a cigarette and took a drag.
Normally I did not like women that smoked, but for some odd reason watching her smoke seemed to turn me on. I could not explain it even if I tried to explain it, it was just the greatest thing I had ever seen when she did it.
"So what classes do you have tomorrow?" she asked.
"Oh uh...I only take carpentry and creative writing."
"Oh okay. I have creative writing same time as today, and then sexuality at one o'clock. I guess I'll see you tomorrow?"
I smiled as we came up to what I figured was her car and she leaned in to give me a hug. We said our goodbyes and that was that. She got in her car and I walked off the opposite direction to catch up with Jamie and the others. All in all I realized I'd' had a fun night, and that I was glad I had talked to Alison.
I was glad that Jamie and Shane had switched seats so that she could sit next to me and I was glad that we had sat together at Subway. Maybe I could somehow manage to push myself to talk to her after all... maybe.
Alison's POV
I watched as he walked away and sighed annoyed that tonight had to come to' an end. I had really enjoyed myself and was not looking forward to going home for the night; it was still so early. At least to me it was anyway.
Oh well, I figured, I started my car and pulled out of the parking spot making my way home. The entire drive home I could not help but think about Mike, I couldn't' get him off my mind no matter what and it was driving me mad. I kept picturing that cute smile and the look on his face that told me how shy he was.
I kept imagining his voice and then worse of all those normal thoughts that you might have at first turned to sexual thoughts. I kept imagining him sitting in front of me, our lips mashed together tongues entwined. Him going down on me while I thrust my hips upwards' pushing myself to the back of his throat. I came up to a red light and that's' when I realized I had a raging hard on in my panties. My dick was throbbing and I knew when I got home I was going to have to relieve myself.
I pulled up outside the apartment building, shut the car off, got out and ran inside straight to my apartment. As soon as I got into the apartment I went' towards my bedroom; my roommate Christy wasn't' home, not that it mattered but it made things more private for me. I stripped down completely naked, tossing my shirt and bra to the floor followed by my shoes and socks then my pants and panties and soon I was walking to the bathroom.
My dick swayed back and forth between my smooth legs as I turned on the hot water and waited for it to warm up a bit.
I stepped into the shower stall and sighed, leaning back against the wall as the hot water washed over me and soothed my muscles. It felt great after a long day of classes, work and then walking around the mall before and after the movie. I was exhausted; but sleep was far from my reach.
I was reminded' of my little friend down below as I felt it starting to become hard again. My thoughts drifted back to Mike and I started picturing him naked; now I was really' hard. I reached down and' grabbed myself and started stroking, the hot water adding to the feeling and I could feel my heart starting to pound in my chest as I imagined him on the floor on his knees between my legs sucking me off.
I imagined him bending me over, shoving his cock up my ass and fucking me until I was blue in the face. Two minutes, that's' all it took before I could feel my pulsating cock starting to swell and that familiar feeling of pressure building up in my balls.
With a moan, I bucked my hips and shot my load all over the shower floor before slumping back against the wall.
I smiled to myself, grabbed the soap and started washing up.
Even just fantasizing about what it would be like to fuck him felt great to me, I could only imagine what the real thing would be like. It had been so long since the last time I'd' gotten laid; I got out of the shower, toweled down and started getting ready for bed. I slipped into my pajama's' all the while' thinking about Mike and how nice he was. All sexual thoughts were gone now and now I was only thinking about what it might be like to date him; to' date again in general.
It had been two years since I broke up with my last boyfriend, I really was tired of being alone but I was so afraid the next guy' to come along would be just like him. A rude asshole, fat and lazy with no job and no interest in treating me the way I deserved to be treated when I was treating him like a prince. Of course' it worked both ways but that was the problem, I was treating him like gold and he was treating me like trash.
I did not want the same type of relationship all over again.
Then again, Mike did not seem anything like him. He was polite, funny, smart, sexy, the completely opposite of what Bill had been. What was I so worried about, there was no way he was anything like he was.
Then, there was the obvious question; what would he think if he found out what I really was. Bill liked it, but bill had always been a little fruity even before he met me. As far as I could tell' Mike was as straight as an arrow, not like Bill at all.
Thing's that turned me on about Mike, well there was nothing that did not turn me on about him; everything about him made me so incredibly horny. Especially, the fact that he was younger then I was. Eight years to be exact' that really got me going, that I could be boning a younger guy' fresh meat for sure. I think he thought that I was turned off by it because he looked worried when he first told me how much younger he really was.
He had no idea how wrong he actually was.
Still, I knew he was not Bill and he was not bisexual looking and definitely did not appear to be gay. So' what if he found out and snapped and beat the hell out of me or' something? What if he just rejected me and never spoke to me again...or the worse case possibility, he rejects me and then wants to stay friends torturing me.
I was pretty' confident he liked me, I could tell by the way he kept looking at me at class and' the cafeteria and at the mall. I just worried how he would react once he learned the truth about me; I was pretty' sure he had no idea there was a penis between my legs.
I had decided it was for the best not to even entertain any thoughts of asking Mike out on a date or letting on that I had interests in him romantically. Unless he made the first move; then I would deal with the consequences later. I just did not want to act on my own for fear of what might happen in the end.
Mike's POV
We were on the 14 bus heading home. I was leaning against the window while Jamie sat on the outside seat, talking with Shane. She must have realized something was on my mind because when we got to Shane's stop and he got off the bus she turned to me and smiled that caring smile she always had.
"What's wrong?"
"Me...ah...nothing,"
She raised her eyebrow and I laughed shaking my head.
"It's nothing, really I promise."
I could tell she still did not believe me not that I was surprised. She always knew when something was wrong and I always found it damn near impossible to keep secrets from her. If we were dating, I would never be able to cheat on her even if I wanted to.
Not that I would want to; Jamie was a great girl and if I were her boyfriend, I would be pretty' damn lucky. The last guy' she went out with had treated her like garbage and I had wanted to rip him to pieces when they broke up; she cried for weeks and I could hardly stand the sight of it.
I hated that guy' with a passion, even to this very day,
"Seriously Mike," she said moving closer to me.
"Tell me what's wrong."
Yep, there it was. She knew every damn time when I was lying to her no matter how well thought out or constructed the lie was. There was no escaping that much I guessed.
"I don't know; I'm just confused."
"About what,"
"About the way tonight turned out with Alison."
"Well what's the problem," she asked. "You guys seemed to have gotten along pretty well to me. I don't get what's wrong."  
It was true we did get along well, but something had seemed off. She had seemed nervous the entire time that we were talking and I had been unable to figure out what was going on inside her head. I wanted to know so badly; could it have been the age difference between us,
Alison had told me during our conversation that she was twenty' eight years old. I was only twenty and when I told her' she seemed a bit surprised to hear such a thing, like' it was a problem. At first anyway, but then she lightened up and our conversation had carried out a little while longer.
It didn't' bother me that was for sure, I always liked older women as much as I liked women the same age as myself; but if it bothered her, that was a problem. That was the only problem that mattered.
"Look, whatever it is I'm sure it will work itself out."
"I hope so," I sighed. "I really like her Jamie; I really do."
She smiled at me and stood up as the bus pulled up to her stop and gave me a brief hug. "I'll see you in class tomorrow,"
With that she turned towards the door, rang the bell to let him know she was getting off at the next stop and when the bus pulled over and the door swung open' she stepped off the bus leaving me to myself.
"What am I going to do about this?" I asked myself under my breath.