Author: Amber Heart
Title: The Demoness
Part: Chapter 01
Summary: Alexander is a normal young man until he meets the beautiful Nina. 
Turns out she is more than meets the eye.
Keywords: rom, cons, magical, tg, transformation, MF, MH


THE DEMONESS


Chapter 1: A night's out
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------

Alexander grabbed her sleek hand as the house music faded around the 
corner. She gave him a wicked smile as her auburn hair was shimmering in 
the breeze. She called herself Nina and was just... Wow. Everybody in the 
Club had turned their head for the beauty in the red dress. Of course every 
peacock then had to prance up to her and show their feathers, but she 
simply turned everybody down. Instead she had been playing 'catch me 
peeking' with him, HIM. The twenty-three year old was not a bad looker in 
any book, being fairly sized, fit, muscular and all, but he never felt as 
irresistible as the underwear models she had been turning down. So when he 
had decided to use his favourite pickup line ('Hi, I'm Alex!'), he simply 
walked up to her, and now... the beautiful Nina was walking besides him 
through the cool summer night.

Another draft played with her red dress, tugging and pulling, flattering 
her narrow waist and jaw-dropping hips. He enjoyed the view as Alex' eyes 
slowly marched upwards to Nina's waiting green eyes.

"My breasts are down here you know", she mocked and pointed at her full 
chest.

"Really, intriguing..." he countered and began inspecting the sizable 
subjects. After a few seconds of thorough inspection Nina suddenly wiggled 
her chest. They looked at each other and then bursted into laughter. This 
devil-may-care smile of hers was stealing his heart. He hugged the still 
giggling girl and kissed her again. She wrapped her arms behind his neck 
and pressed her tongue inside him. Alexander was making out with the 
hottest girl he had ever seen. He just knew so little about her. What if 
she was a little heartbreaker? But she was so much fun. Whatever tomorrow 
brings tonight he shall enjoy every second. Breaking the kiss was not easy, 
but they still have not finished their merry way.

Having opened the door with an oily click he leaded Nina inside his cozy 
flat. It was not too big and in a few places lacking in furniture he'll buy 
with the next paycheck, but he liked it. It was his little realm. Nina was 
tiptoeing around, looking in every room surveying her surroundings like a 
cat. Alex gave her the quick tour and afterwards asked "Would you like some 
coffee? Many guys think theirs is the best but mine..." he chuckled "... 
well mine his horrible. But I have some awesome wine if you'd like!" Alex 
turned around and looked into her glowing green eyes. She was biting her 
lips, probably thinking about the offer for a second. But she jumped 
forward and pushed her tongue inside. With surprising force she dragged and 
pushed him flat on his bed not breaking the eager kiss for one second. Her 
hands flew over him grabbed his shirt and tore it off. Nina paused for one 
second, her eyes were burning in the twilight, her beautiful hair was 
slightly out of place. He lifted his arms towards her but they were stopped 
by a clang. Dazzled he tried again, and again. He realised he was wearing 
plush cuffs. He was shackled to his own bed. She won't... she is not going 
to... "You're not going to rob me, right?" he snickered a bit, "... 
Riiight?!"

Nina said nothing, she was sitting on his crotch, simply smiling and 
staring at him for a few seconds which absolutely did not help. But then 
she toppled over into a heated kiss. Reluctantly his mind was dropping the 
thoughts of robbery, but it took two more deep and hungry kisses. Nina was 
kissing his wide chest, moving over to his abs and finally stopping in 
front if his jeans. With some quick fiddling of fingers she opened his 
trousers and released his already hard member.

She slowly and pleasurably licked his length completely, from base to tip. 
Tentatively kissing the trembling crown she started pushing it through her 
lips. Alex sucked in air, she was too good at this. He felt her rough 
tongue twirling around the crown while her hand was pumping hard. Nina was 
playing with him, suddenly sucking hard to receive his surprised groans to 
only quickly ease down. He felt his dick throbbing inside her mouth, 
filling it out. He was coming closer and closer to the edge, wanting to 
grab her beautiful brown hair and push himself over it. But again Nina 
surprised him by swiftly plopping his cock out, forcing his trousers down 
and rising up from the bed. She was now standing in front of him. For a 
quick second his thought of robbery reported in, right until she unzipped 
her red dress.

Gravity did not screw around, tugging her dress clean off and putting her 
sexy black underwear on display. With agonising slowness she unhooked her 
bra, glided her hands over her full firm breasts, down her slender waist to 
her thong which was the only fabric garnishing her perfect body. Nina 
smiled, circled her her lovely hips, showing off her tight backside, and 
with a final tug dropped her last piece of clothing. Presenting her clean 
pout vagina Alex was stunned and felt his cock twitch in excitement.

Nina's eyes began to sparkle and with a cute evil grin she said "Let me 
slip into something more comfortable." Wait, what did she just say? Alex 
watched as she took a deep breath, pushing her chest out. She closed her 
eyes and exhaled. He blinked, not trusting the picture his eyes were 
painting. Nina's whole body was changing! Her skin changed in color, 
becoming brighter and shifting towards red or pink with every passing 
second. A pair of curved dragon-like horns was pushing out through her 
auburn hair. Two dark and tiny batwings were growing out of her back, 
tentatively flapping a bit. A long, dark, spaded tail rose up behind her 
wide hips, swaying from left to right. Above her feminine lips was a lump 
growing, raising upwards quickly and finally forming iself into a big 
headed, foreskinless, thick, throbbing dick.

The Demon's eyes opened again. The green flames in here eyes were unchanged 
and fixated Alex naked body. Her skin was now a pinkish red. She brushed a 
stray strand back and sensually wrapped her tail around her left leg. "Ooh 
don't you worry..." she cooed while sexy sauntering towards him. "...you're 
gonna enjoy this!" she crawled up to him, grinding her breasts against his 
shocked body. Her tiny winglets stretched out as if they were soaring 
through the night. Her tail nuzzled against his paralysed leg and she 
whispered in his ear "Even more than I will... I promise." With that she 
kissed him again, pushing her tongue through his lips, pressing her tail, 
tits and cock against his. But something was different, something prickled 
out from her tongue and soon filled his whole mouth. From there on it 
traveled through his body, taking a step every time their tongues touched. 
It flowed and focused together inside his now prickling dick and balls. He 
seemed to feel every vein of her monster pressing against his dwarfed 
length. Every fear or doubt he had was washed away by the champagne in his 
blood. He opened his eyes again as he felt a firm hand around his penis. 
All of the sudden his mouth realised the other tongue was missing in action.

Alexander saw Demon Nina who had aligned his member with her pink red 
vagina and was about to... He hissed as he was pushed more and more inside 
her wet, prickling and tickling depths. Mesmerised he watched the Demoness: 
her tail swaying wildy, cock twitching and breasts jiggling she hilted 
herself. Her eyes' green flames were burning brighter than ever and with 
her mouth wide open she started undulating her beautiful body. Her nails 
traced over his chest, her wings spreaded out, her breasts bouncing. With 
every move his oversensitive prick was getting pressed, massaged and 
pumped. How he would love to grab her horns and push her into a kiss. He 
felt her walls caving in, pressing harder and harder against him as she 
waved and circled her figure even faster. He saw her hands groping her 
breasts in pleasure and throwing her head backwards shouting as he closed 
his eyes and released everything inside her. Again. Again, and again...