This story was produced as adult entertainment and should not be read by minors.                                 


Sharing Jackie
by Carl Zak Brown (c) 2002

For the next few days, I met Jackie at her house every night, and we fucked each time. She finally admitted that I was probably a virgin before I fucked her. I had never been so happy in my life, the only shadow was the office sex club. I started checking the internet for new jobs.

On the Monday of the following week, David (one of my colleagues at work) asked me if I would like to come over for a meal. He said "I hear you have a new girlfriend, would you like to bring her too?" I told him I would ask her.

That night, I spoke to Jackie about the invitation. I told her that I would prefer to stay in with her. She said "Don't be silly, we can't stay hermits forever, tell him we will come".

"I wonder why he invited us", I said, "No-one from work has done that before".

She said "He's just being friendly. Don't worry, lets go and have a good time".

I told David that we would like to join him for the meal when I saw him at work the next day. He said "Good, I will tell Linda and we will look forward to seeing you tomorrow night".

The next evening, Jackie met me at the office after work and we travelled with David to his home. His girlfriend Linda greeted us and told us that the meal was ready. "I hope you don't mind eating early in the evening" she said. 

David and Linda were both about 30, slightly older than my girlfriend but a lot younger than me. During the meal we chatted, and Linda told off David and I several times for talking about work.

Towards the end of the meal, Linda asked David if they would be going to the office sex club meeting on Friday. She explained to us "Every fortnight, a lot of people from David's office get together at a hall near the office. Food and drink is provided, and we spend most of the night fucking."

Jackie asked "Who do you fuck, is it just David?"

Linda smiled. "The only male I don't fuck at the meetings is David" she said. "I usually have two or three different men, and sometimes some of the women as well. Dave is bisexual too, he sometimes likes a cock up his arse, but some people stick to straight sex. You can choose who you like, except you cannot have sex with your own partner".

"Who sets the rules?" I said.

"Jeff, the company manager" Linda replied. "Isn't that right, Dave?"

"That's right" said Dave. "He may be OK at work, but he is a bit of a control freak where the sex club is concerned."

Linda turned to my girlfriend. "Are you going to join, Jackie?" she asked.

Jackie explained that we hadn't decided yet. Linda said, "Would you like to try something different tonight? Would you like to watch Dave and me have sex? You don't have to join in, just watch".

I started to say no, but Jackie said "OK, I'd like that. Are we going to do the washing up first?"

Linda said "That's OK, we will just leave it in the dishwasher overnight. Would you like to come to the bedroom now".

I tried to object again, but Jackie overrode me. "Certainly, lets go!" she said.

We followed David and Linda to their bedroom. I whispered to Jackie "Are you sure about this?"

"Certainly" she replied, "it will be fun. You've watched sex videos haven't you? This will be the same, but even better because we are actually there!"

We entered David and Linda's bedroom. They had a huge bed, which looked like it could squeeze six in, if required.

There were two chairs next to each other at the side of the bed, where Jackie and I sat down while David and Linda undressed. Once they were ready, Linda laid down on the bed, quite near to us. David said "Feel free to move around to get a better view", then he got on the bed next to his girlfriend, but with his cock close to her mouth, and his head close to her pussy. They both started licking each other as Jackie and I avidly watched.

After awhile, David changed position, he did not want to come in Linda's mouth, so he moved to a place where he could continue to lick her cunt. Soon after, she came, rather loudly (when we discussed it afterwards, Jackie thought she was showing off). David immediately moved to get his cock in her cunt, and started fucking her wildly. We could see that he was pushing his penis completely into her pussy each time, then withdrawing three quarters of his length before thrusting in again. I noticed that his cock was six or seven inches long and quite thick, which made me quite jealous as mine is only four inches long, and narrower.

Jackie reached over to me and started stroking my prick through my trousers. I put my hand into her lap, and started stroking her.

Somehow, despite being so busy on the bed, David noticed. He said "Feel free to take your clothes off if you want, we won't mind". Linda looked across and smiled.

Jackie immediately stood up and started removing her clothes. I was more reluctant. However, a whispered "go on" from Jackie persuaded me to follow her example.

By the time I had taken my shirt and trousers off, Jackie was already naked. Since I was not ready to caress her, as I was still taking my clothes off, she sat down and started stroking her own pussy. I noticed that David and Linda were fucking more slowly now, and both of them were watching Jackie.

Once I was naked, I sat down again, and Jackie started rubbing my penis again while I caressed her. Soon after, Linda had another noisy orgasm, and her muscle contractions were enough to push David over the edge as well. His first few spurts went inside Linda, but then he pulled his penis out, and let the remainder of his semen splash on her shaved pussy. He then used the head of his cock to rub it in.

Finally, he turned to us and said "Did you enjoy that?" My answer to his question was obvious, my cock was as hard as a rock, and Jackie admitted that she had enjoyed the show as well.

He said "What would you like to do now? Linda and I would like to watch you now, but if you don't want that, you could wait a few minutes to give my cock time to recover, and I will fuck Linda again, or if you prefer you could just go home. But Carl, you really look like you are ready to fuck."

I was, and Jackie was too. She suggested that she should lie next to Linda, and that Dave should lie on the bed too, so that both Linda and Dave could get a good view. Dave agreed, but suggested that Jackie should lie with her head at the foot of the bed, so that he and Linda could get a close up view of Jackie's pussy and my penis.

Have you ever fucked someone in front of someone else? At first I was embarrassed, but soon the eroticism of the situation turned me on, and I decided to give David and Linda the best show possible. As Jackie lay under me, I kissed her, I tongued her, I fingered her and I fucked her. Somehow I managed to hold back my orgasm until the second time that Jackie came, but as her second orgasm hit, my sperm shot out of me into her womb. Jackie had never been particularly vocal before, but that night she screamed her head off. I like to think that it was my wonderful lovemaking that caused it, but I suspect that Jackie was trying to outperform Linda as well.

As I pulled away from Jackie, David asked "Do you mind if I take over now?" I noticed that he was hard again and said "What do you think Jackie?" She just smiled up at me, so I said "Go ahead".

I sat down on one of the chairs again, and Linda came to join me, sitting in the other chair.

I watched as David inserted his penis in my girlfriend's pussy. It was the most erotic thing I had ever seen, so perverse and yet somehow so right.

He fucked Jackie more slowly than he had fucked Linda. I watched his penis pumping my girlfriend's pussy. Occasionally I got up from the chair so that I could move around and get a better view. She seemed to be having orgasm after orgasm. I hoped it was because my lovemaking was so good earlier, or because of the erotic situation, but more likely it was because David was a better lover than I, after all he had more experience, even if he was twelve years younger than I.

Their lovemaking seemed to go on for ages. After awhile I sat down again. I was so engrossed in watching the action that I did not notice at first when Linda started stroking my hardening penis. When I did notice, I started caressing her pussy too.

At last, David came. This time he deposited all his seed in my girlfriend's womb, then he left his penis in her until it shrank and fell out.

Linda waited until they had recovered, then we took over the bed and it was our turn to fuck. I enjoyed being watched by my girlfriend with another woman, but I knew I could not compete with the performance Dave had just given. Linda came (or simulated an orgasm) just before I did.

We stayed the night. In the morning I fucked Linda while Dave fucked Jackie. I tried to last as long as he did, but I couldn't.


Pursuant to the Berne Convention, this work is copyright with all rights reserved by its author

