Every time I ( Ravi )drive by that old Patiala home on Punjab State I have the same hot thought. The house where one grows up is usually packed with endless memories, but in my case only one came to mind. It has to do with my little sister Priya.

Priya's nickname was "Pretty Woman", not that she looked like Julia Roberts or anything. (I thought Priya was prettier!) It was just that she was so pretty and that song was her favorite. I was proud of the fact that everyone called her "Pretty Woman" at school,

and even after we were in college and high school silliness was forgotten, I sometimes used her nickname. Priya and I were only Two year apart in age (I was the oldest) and were unusually close for a brother and sister.

We had our share of squabbles alright, but that's only normal. What wasn't quite normal, however, were the feelings I started getting for Priya in college. Looking back, I can't exactly pinpoint the moment when I stopped seeing Priya

as a sister and saw her as an extremely sensuous, very desirable young woman. When we'd get together during our visits home from different colleges, I'd find myself staring at her ass or licking my lips over her tits.

I started fantasizing about her when I masturbated, and there were even a couple of occasions when I started getting aroused just from being in the same room with my sister! It was all very confusing. But at the same time it was exciting and exhilarating.

The orgasms I had after jacking off with images of Priya dancing in my head were the best I ever had. I should mention that modesty was never a big priority in our family. We didn't exactly walk around naked in front of each other but no one thought

anything about being seen in their underwear. Since I'd started having these feelings for Priya, I'd been hoping for a glimpse of my sister in bra and panties, but it never happened. I figured after a while I'd find a girlfriend who would make me forget all about my sexy sister,

but no such luck. I dated alright, plenty in fact, but I inevitably compared these poor girls with Priya and they all came up lacking. You'd better believe I was one miserable (and frustrated) college man! It was Friday after Thanksgiving, about three o'clock in the morning, to be exact.

Priya had been out on a date and came in a bit tipsy on Margaritas. We always chatted after dates if the other one's light was still on. My light wasn't on when Priya reeled home that night, but she came in anyway.

I was fast asleep and the next thing I knew someone tumbled into bed beside me and started tickling me. "Priya! What the hell? You're drunk!" "Not drunk, Alan," she said. "Just pleasantly horny." She was more than horny, and her good mood was contagious.

She started tickling me again, and before I knew it I had kicked half the covers off. I always sleep in the raw, and in the craziness of Priya's tickling, my dick got exposed a couple of times. She pointed it out of course, with much laughter,

and then it became a game for her to really get a look. I might have indulged her under other circumstances, but with her crawling all over me I had started getting aroused. The more she rubbed her body against mine,

pressing her big boobs against my bare chest and kissing me playfully, my dick was getting harder by the moment. There was no way I was going to let her see me with an erection. Or was I? My head was spinning with the possibilities.

After all, I thought, she was the one who was instigating all this craziness. She's the one who burst into my bedroom in the middle of the night and demanded to see my dick. Still, I thought, she's not in complete control and might not remember everything.

But as these thoughts went through my mind, I didn't have a chance to act on them because Priya made a sudden powerful lunge and pulled the sheets down to my knees. My big dick burst into view, all eight inches fully erect and pointed right at the ceiling.

I started to shove pillow over my lap until I saw the look on Priya's face. "Damn, Alan!" she gasped, a hand going automatically to her breast. "That's the most beautiful cock I've ever seen!" "Is it?" I asked, with amazing calm.

"Yes," she said, leaning over for a closer look. It was as if she was inspecting a piece of art, and I was almost amused at the way she looked at it with a critical eye. "It's a lot thicker than Rajiv's. Longer too."

(I remember thinking, well, that solves the mystery about whether she's sleeping with her boyfriend or not.) "And look at those big balls!" "C'mon, Priya," I said, finally getting embarrassed. "You make me feel like a prize bull at a county fair."

"Well, maybe that's how I see you just now," she replied. She frowned for a minute as she stared at my dick and then she remembered she was still wearing her heavy cloth. She took it off and gave me a quizzical look.

"Turn about's fair play, don't you think,Ravi ?" "Uh, sure." I didn't know what she meant, but I watched breathlessly as she unbuttoned her blouse and tossed it aside. Her bra came next, and I gasped again as she loosened those beautiful tits of hers and let them swing free.

She must've worn a really confining bra because her tits were much bigger than I'd thought. I'm not exaggerating when I say she could've been a centerfold, her young body was that perfect! "What do you think?" she asked, cupping her big boobs together and lifting them to her face.

My dick twitched when I saw my sister lick her own nipples and flick her tongue in my direction. "Wow!" It was all I could manage. There was more to come. While Priya ogled my crotch, she slithered out of her skirt and took a few minutes to let me enjoy seeing her in just her panties.

Again I thought she was real centerfold material, especially when she struck a few provocative poses for my benefit. When she rubbed her crotch with both hands and licked her lips, I just about lost control. "Ready for the unveiling?" she teased.

She hooked her thumbs in her panties and pulled them down a couple of inches. "Oh, yeah!" I said. Priya got to her feet and leaned against the headboard, her crotch just inches from my face.I could smell her pussy, and the sweet scent almost made me dizzy.

I loved the aroma of cunt and couldn't resist leaning closer so that I could rub my nose in nylon of my sister's panties. I felt Priya grab my head and hold on as she shoved forward with her hips.

My tongue licked against that thin nylon barricade between her juicy pussy and my cunt-hungry mouth. "Yes," she sighed. "Yes!" Soon I had Priya's panties dripping wet with my spit and could see the dark bush beneath the pink nylon.

I couldn't stand the teasing any more and reached for the waistband of her panties. Slowly I pulled them down, baring the vee of brunette pubic hairs it pointed toward my goal. Finally those panties were down around my sister's knees and she wriggled carefully out of them.

"What a beautiful cunt!" I cried. "And it's all for you, Alan," she whispered. I grabbed Priya by the ass and pulled her closer. She opened her legs to welcome my tongue, and finally I was tasting what- I'd been after all along.











