High as a Kite at the Nude Beach
by GFWatcher

Young couple loses control while stoned at a nude beach.

"Are you sure this is a good idea?" asked Jenn as we arrived at the parking lot of the nude beach.

Jenn and I had been together for about 3 months, during which time she turned 18 and graduated high school. I was 21 and about to enter my final year of university.

I wasn't her first boyfriend but she was a virgin when we started dating. Her parents were very protective and controlling, causing her to be a bit innocent and naive, naturally shy and reluctant to have sex.

Fortunately, this all changed after Jenn turned 18. Her parents left her alone a lot more and I gradually discovered her playful side. I started to notice that she wasn't reluctant, just naturally submissive, a "giver" who could be unusually playful and agreeable when she feels "naughty", often accompanied but some kind of exhibitionism. In fact, that's what brought us to the nude beach. I was planning to get my hands on her after a little exhibitionist adventure.

We had sex for the first time about a week after we celebrated her 18th birthday. Even for her first time it was clear Jenn was an amazingly good fuck thanks to her wonderful attitude, beautiful body, and perfect pussy. I eventually discovered that she is always very wet and tight, quick and easy to orgasm, in fact usually more than one orgasm, even during brief sexual experiences.

Unfortunately, we didn't have sex for almost 3 weeks since she lost her virginity, partly due to her monthly period the week before as well as all her graduation and modelling events.

"Of course," I said, way too high to drive back now anyway. "No one here knows us so it'll be fun!" I added. I could tell Jenn was nervous as it was our first time at a nude beach. After parking the car and we did a couple hits from my bong to get her into the mood.

I packed the car that morning with bottled water, towels, an umbrella and, ironically, bathing suits. And of course I didn't forget condoms! Jenn wasn't on birth control until later in our relationship.

The parking lot was on the other side of a sand hill. After climbing the sand hill we were surprised to see there wasn't too many people, just some couples to the right, a small building that looked like a toilet and showers on the left, a volleyball net in front, and some lone walkers walking the length of the beach at the waters edge.

There were mostly men, of all ages, so I felt fine but Jenn was a bit uncomfortable. There were very few woman and the small number present seemed all to be over 40.

Seeing Jenn was nervous about this, I suggested we sit near the volleyball net where we could be relatively alone.

Jenn was wearing a white sundress over a sexy blue bikini. Jenn is slightly above average height with all the right shapes and curves on her beautiful skinny, athletic body. Her breasts were the type to make women jealous and men interested, not to mention her perfect waist, hips, ass and long legs.

"Moment of truth," I said taking off my shirt and sandals.

"I can't believe you talked me to do this," Jenn said with a laugh.

"You wanted to try it too," I laughed with her.

I hooked my thumbs in the waistband of my shorts and pulled them off triumphantly, causing Jenn to giggle.

My penis is not much bigger than average size but the warm summer sun made sure I looked a bit more impressive.

"Well I'm glad you're so confident," she joked, as my penis came on display.

I was too high to care or even notice that Jenn didn't get naked right away. She laid down on her stomach and undid her bikini top, letting the sides fall to the sand.

"Oh, that feels great!" Jenn purred as I grabbed some lotion and began massaging it on her back and shoulders. I worked my way down to her lower back, then her ass and legs, which brought my penis to life.

Her bikini bottoms weren't that revealing by design, but because of her natural gifts most of her ass was showing. I oiled up her legs, making sure I moved her ass so her bottoms disappeared even more.

Once in a while some guys would walk past us along the water and look up to where we were laid out. It wasn't very far, maybe 10-15 metres away, so they had a pretty good view of us.

Naturally, seeing a beautiful teenager at a nude beach was going to get a lot of attention but the etiquette was not to stare. Just a quick glance or friendly wave didn't seem to bother anyone.

Later, a couple walked by after a bit and I could see the wife nudge her husband who looked over in our direction. We clearly got some extra attention due to our young age being rare at the nude beach.

I stood up to look around the beach a little more. Something about the small building in front of the volleyball net caught my attention. I thought it could be a good place to get my hands on Jenn.

"Trying to get some attention?" Jenn asked sarcastically.

"At least I'm not scared," I teased her.

"Ugh, fine!" she replied and rolled over to sit up on the towel, pulling her top up and off over her head. Her beautiful breasts were now out on display for everyone to see. Not wanting to be waving a hard penis around on the beach I sat back down next to her.

"Doesn't that feel better?" I teased.

"I can't let you have all the fun," she replied jokingly. "Besides, I've already got some fans."

Jenn nodded her head in the direction of a couple guys walking down the beach in our direction.

I laughed at their penises, jiggling and bobbing comically as they walked and threw the ball to each another, but Jenn didn't laugh with me as she was busy staring at their unusually long, fat cocks. They were both must've been almost 20 centimetres long even though they were soft!

Unlike most of the nudists, they were not that much older than us, maybe 10 years maximum, and were very clearly stealing looks in Jenn's direction.

My cock quickly throbbed and grew as Jenn raised her hands to fix her hair in a ponytail to give them a clearer view of her breasts.

Jenn was clearly showing off and it worked as they began to walk closer to where we were sitting on their way past.

I felt a bit jealous but I was just glad to see she was getting into the exhibitionist spirit so I encouraged her.

"I bet they'd love to see you put suntan lotion on your tits," I joked, which caused Jenn to dart her eyes in my direction. I laughed at being able to interrupt her stares at their cocks.

"You want me to?" Jenn whispered but didn't delay before reaching for the suntan cream. She began applying it to her nude breasts, right when they walked past.

They both slowed their speed as they walked past, staring straight at her, or more precisely, her tits, which were now glowing wet in the sun. My cock grew a little more.

Once they passed us, I reached in my bag and pulled out my phone to take a photo, which made Jenn giggle.

"That better be just for you," she joked.

"Of course, I wouldn't want your agency to get any fancy ideas about nudity." I laughed, referring to her work as a part time model, doing mainly clothing fashion advertisements.

"You're enjoying all this?" Jenn asked.

"But these other guys are enjoying it too." She replied. I could sense her confusion.

"That's what makes it fun and naughty." I explained.

"So you're happy if they're happy." Jenn seemed to ask but it was more of a comment as she naively digested the information.

I snapped a couple pictures of me and her together, then some of just her. Jenn's modelling skills came through immediately as she posed beautifully, sitting up straight with her chest out, exposing her shiny tits. Now my penis was fully erect.

"Looks like you need some relief," Jenn smirked as she playfully reached down to give my penis a couple strokes.

I was surprised to see Jenn acting this way. She really was changing after turning 18 but I realised she was also really blasted from the marijuana so I put my towel on my penis and encouraged her to continue.

"What about a blowjob?" I asked with a smirk.

"Don't push your luck!" Jenn giggled, pulling her hand back from under my towel.

The two guys were now standing by the volleyball net, chatting, but regularly looking in Jenn's direction.

"How about those?" I said as I gently pulled on her bikini bottoms. I decided to test Jenn's exhibitionist energy, after touching my hard penis and being stared at by the two handsome nude guys who were now playing volleyball not more than 10-15 metres from where we were sitting.

"Are you sure?" Asked Jenn. I nodded with a smile, thinking about how much fun I will have with her afterwards.

Jenn sighed and looked around the beach, then over at the volleyball guys. Then, without further conversation, she slowly took off her bikini bottoms, exposing her perfectly shaped and hairless pussy. Jenn was naturally hairless back then, armpits too. Even though she only shaved a couple times per year, her perfectly shaped pussy had nothing more than a couple short and sparse, soft wisps of her natural reddish blond hair.

At this point I could see Jenn was distracted. She was pretending to look at her phone but was actually peeking at the big dicks of the volleyball guys from behind her sunglasses.

"Those guys have huge dicks." I decided to make conversation rather than continue to pretend not to notice her staring at them.

"You think so?" Jenn turned back to my direction, acting like she wasn't looking, just as an old pervert walked past, prompting Jenn to close her legs cover her tits with her arms. By now, all kinds of old perverts started finding excuses to walk near us to get a closer look at Jenn's naked tits and pussy.

Seeing her reluctance, I decided to roll another joint.

"What are you doing?" Jenn giggled. "We're already high and out of my mind," she added and laughed some more.

She was right but I wanted to get her as high as possible and see how adventurous she would become. I was determined to have sex with her again and I knew this kind of exhibitionistic energy would do the trick.

After we finished smoking another fat one, I decided to test her courage.

"Jenn, let's take a walk along the beach," I proposed.

"Walk?" she hesitated, but the overdoses of marijuana were having an effect and she just stood up naked and said, "Ok let's go."

We got up and left our stuff in my bag seeing as the beach wasn't very big and I was doubtful anyone was going to steal anything.

We walked down to the water and made a right turn to the more populated area of the beach.

As we walked I was immediately distracted by Jenn's beautiful tits, bobbing swaying with every sexy step she took, like a true fashion model. Maybe it was the marijuana, but something about being nude made her walk with extra sexy movements.

We made our way past the lifeguard tower, which was unoccupied, and some of the other sunbathers. I loved seeing all the eyes on us. Watching the men stare at Jenn's bouncing chest and nude pussy made me excited.

Everyone pretended to act casual but there was an obvious sense of excitement with such a beautiful and naked young woman on the beach.

As we walked, it was even easier to notice that women were quite outnumbered by men, and that all of the women were a lot older than Jenn. Having this naked young photo model strutting her stuff on the beach was obviously quite a treat.

We got to the end of the nude beach and turned around to walk back through the busy area. The look on the faces of the men were all smiles as they noticed Jenn was coming back.

As we returned to our towels, the volleyball guys were working up a sweat, playing rather intensely.

Jenn immediately took out her phone to pretend to look at it while she stared at their big, bouncing naked penises.

"Are you going to take some photos of them?" I joked and reminded her of what she said earlier about perverts taking photos.

"You think they'll be upset if I act like a pervert?" she joked back.

"I'm sure they won't mind but they might want more than just photos," I replied.

"But you like that, right?" Jenn asked then laughed, testing me after my earlier encouragement to tease them.

"Yes, I like when you show off." I encouraged her more.

Jenn responded by laying back on her elbows with her legs open in the direction of the volleyball net, causing a couple of errors and missed shots as they were distracted by the view.

I liked where this was going and grew confident that we were going to have sex soon but it also made me jealous so I thought of distracting her with a swim in the ocean.

We had been out there for a little over an hour now and I was starting to really feel the heat even under the umbrella. I could tell Jenn was too because her tits were now glistening with sweat rather than tanning oil.

"Let's hop in the water and cool down," I suggested.

"Sure!" Jenn bounced up, making sure to jiggle her tits as we walked to the water.

It was a nice cool relief from the heat as well as my aching balls. I wanted to fuck Jenn, watching her teasing all the men, especially the volleyball guys.

As we walked deeper into the ocean I watched as the water caressed her luscious pussy, then her beautiful breasts.

The waves rose and sank and between the waves Jenn pointed out my penis had grown quite hard. I must have been lost in my thoughts without realising my cock was now standing at full attention.

Jenn laughed and playfully grabbed at me. I played back and pretended l was going to lift her up and dunk her underwater. I carried her as we play wrestled for a few seconds before I got my penis between her legs and tried to enter her.

"Not here, the salt water will hurt!" she laughed.

"Haha! Sorry I got a bit excited," I said as I put her back on her feet.

"And you're supposed to wear a condom, naughty man." Jenn pretended to scold me as she began to walk back to our blanket.

"Maybe we should go have a shower and play some more." I said with a smile then followed her.

"I think they need a shower more than us," Jenn joked signalling again for me to look at the volleyball guys.

I was getting a little tired of her attention towards them but realised it was all because of my encouragement so I didn't say anything.

The volleyball guys were now taking a break and openly staring at Jenn as we walked back to our spot.

It seemed the entire beach was staring at how the water on her beautiful body reflected so that she shined and sparkled in the sunlight.

When we returned to our blanket Jenn made sure to turn and bend over to show her ass directly to them as she repositioned herself. I immediately took out my phone and made a few more photos of her. Jenn pretended to be annoyed but then smiled.

"One sexy pose, please?" I asked, playfully realising I was getting jealous after she already showed her ass and pussy in the doggy style position to the volleyball guys.

Jenn looked around to make sure the volleyball players were still watching and said, "Okay but make it quick," as she went back into the doggy style position and began walking around on all fours like a cat before sitting down and spreading her her legs to give me, and the volleyball guys behind me, a perfect shot at her tight bald pussy.

Her continued attention towards the volleyball guys made me jealous again but I accepted it knowing that this exhibitionist energy was what was making her so agreeable. It also meant she was having fun and that we would soon be having sex!

"So how about touching your beautiful pussy?" I teased Jenn with a smile.

"You want me?" Jenn asked in her cute way as she blushed red with shyness and started to touch her pussy with nervous excitement. All the while, the volleyball guys were still staring at us.

This told me she was ready but I wanted to fuck her in the showers, not my disgustingly hot car, so I began rolling another fat doobie of marijuana to make sure she was totally out of it, even more agreeable, and ready to be extra adventurous.

"Smoke again? You're completely crazy!" Jenn complained but opened her legs wider to tease me as she continued to masturbate, this time looking in the direction of the volleyball guys.

"They're masturbating!" Jenn warned me as she stopped masturbating and pretended not to notice them.

"That's because you're touching your pussy in their direction," I said nonchalantly while I busied myself to finish making the doobie.

"Do you think they want me?" Jenn teased me, seemingly trying to distract me from rolling a joint so that she doesn't have to smoke more marijuana.

"Everyone here wants you!" I said with a big laugh, "But probably mostly them, yes." I teased back, causing Jenn to giggle as I took a big puff and handed it to her.

We smoked quickly and gathered our stuff. Jenn didn't put her bikini back on, just her little white sundress, seemingly too high to coordinate herself enough to put on a bikini.

Jenn was too high to carry anything so I had load everything into my arms then we started walking to the car.

I already anticipated the energy Jenn would cause when we walked past the volleyball guys.

"Good game, boys!" Jenn playfully flirted as we passed the volleyball net.

"Good body!" Yelled one of the volleyball guys, causing everyone to laugh. Jenn blushed as she stared at their long, fat penises.

I pulled Jenn's arm to get her away from them but made it look like I was helping her walk, which she did need help doing.

Jenn stopped when we made it to the small building on our way to climb the sand hill in front of the parking lot. Noticing her open the door, I suggested to Jenn that we should go to the car first, drop some of our stuff then come back to shower.

"Don't forget condoms," replied Jenn, making me excited that she would be willing to have sex in the showers, our first ever sex in public.

"Ok!" I replied excitedly, but Jenn was so high she didn't follow me. Instead she just went straight into the building!

I realised now that Jenn was truly out of it, probably too high to walk to the car so I followed her into the building.

We were right, the building was for showering but to my surprise there was only one section for men and women! We saw the usual shower heads against one wall and a long bench for sitting on the other wall. I guessed since this was a nude beach there wasn't much of a reason to separate the showers between men and women.

I decided to help her get started then planned to run to the car to drop our stuff and come back with condoms to fuck her in the shower.

I helped her out of her sundress and walked her over to a shower, testing the water then guiding her to stand underneath.

Jenn was totally blasted so I also had to give her the soap and show her where I put the shampoo and conditioner.

"I'll be right back." I said but she didn't even reply, being so high and lost in the feeling of the shower.

I seriously considered fucking her right then and there, having never before been inside her without a condom but I left without saying more. She was way too out of it to speak more to her anyway.

As I left the building I saw the volleyball guys scurrying away from the door. They were obviously spying on us but pretended everything was normal with a wave of their hands and another "hello".

"Hi again, I'm just dropping this stuff in the car then I'll be back." I explained as I waved back to them.

I don't know why I gave them that kind of information except that I was worried about Jenn being alone in the shower, and them spying on her more. I assumed that getting caught, followed by my explanation that I would be back soon would send them the message that their shenanigans are over.

They went back to sit near the volleyball net so I rushed up the sand hill and put the stuff in the car and started to come back, only to realise that I forgot the condoms!

Back I went, over the sand hill, to the car, and starting to come back, this time with condoms.

By the time I was walking back to the showers I must've taken about 5 minutes but being so high with marijuana, everything I did was probably done more slowly than I realised, so it could've been longer.

As I got back to the shower building my intuition told me to expect to again catch the big dicked volleyball guys peaking at Jenn naked in the shower but I only saw their towels beside the volleyball net.

My intuition immediately told me something was wrong, even before I entered the building. Without realising it, I started to move more slowly, even though being so high I was probably already moving quite slowly.

Upon slowly opening the door I could hear that Jenn's shower had stopped, which caused even more marijuana-induced paranoia as I entered the building.

After a period of silence I heard Jenn giggling, which caused my heart to sink as I realised she wasn't alone.

As I peaked around the corner of the entrance I immediately went into shock. Jenn was standing between the two volleyball guys, passionately kissing the one in front while the other was licking her ear and massaging her breasts from behind!

I could see from her breathing and sensitive reactions that Jenn was clearly enjoying the physical attention.

"Ok boys, that's enough, my boyfriend will be back soo..." Jenn began to say as she broke free from kissing the guy in front of her but was interrupted when the guy behind her playfully pushed her head down towards the penis in front of her.

Jenn resisted giving him a blowjob so he tickled her into laughter while the guy behind her guided her down further until she was on her hands and knees and started licking her perfectly shaped pussy.

"Ok guys..." Jenn said aloud then froze without finishing her comment, seemingly immediately enjoying the feeling of a tongue on her clitoris.

The man in front realised she wasn't ready to suck him so he went down with her to resume their passionate kiss. Jenn responded with a moan of pleasure.

The man behind her stopped licking and straightened up on his knees, bringing his huge cock into view. He was bigger now than he was on the beach, at least 25 centimetres, maybe almost 30!

"Are you a naughty girl?" Asked the volleyball guy behind her as he began rubbing his cock up and down her slit.

"My boyfr..." Jenn began as she broke off the kiss with the man in front of her as she realised the man behind her was planning to fuck her. I realised Jenn was trying to say 'my boyfriend will be here soon' but I was still too shocked to move.

"Do you want my cock?" Said the volleyball guy behind her, teasing her once more as he squeezed her hips and pushed forward.

Jenn opened her mouth wide and winced with a mixture of pain and pleasure as he pushed most of his cockhead inside her. It looked like she tried to move forward and away from his attempt to penetrate her but his strong hands on her hips held her in place.

"Yes, she's cool. She's very naughty." Replied the volleyball guy in front of her. Jenn clearly didn't dislike the way they were talking to her as she seemed to stop resisting, showing the first signs of submissiveness.

"Cond... oooh..." Jenn tried to speak again but was forced to open wide to breathe through her mouth.

I was frozen in my hiding place, unable to move but my intoxicated state did not prevent me from realising the guy behind her was entering her without a condom.

"That's a good girl!" Praised the volleyball guy in front of her before I noticed that he put his fat cock into her open mouth, stroking his foreskin back and forth over his cockhead until Jenn responded by using her tongue to improve his sensations.

Again I was distracted by one volleyball guy while the other made progress. The guy behind her now had about half of his 25 centimetre shaft inside her and started moving in and out, causing Jenn to submit to complete agreement with what they were doing to her.

It was like watching an expensive sports car turning on and revving it's engine as Jenn started arching her back and swivelling her hips to give better access and feeling to the large penis inside her beautiful pussy.

"Oh yeah, girl!" Yelled the volleyball guy as he picked up his tempo.

Jenn was now getting vigorously fucked in the doggy style position while sucking, or at least trying to suck an even bigger dick in front of her, sending his head back to look at the ceiling as she was giving similar pleasure with her sucking skills.

I couldn't believe Jenn was doing this. I knew she secretly liked when people looked at her body but the way she acted on the beach was a real surprise. I didn't know she would ever let it go that far, giving so much visual pleasure. Now she is giving immense physical pleasure to two strangers with huge penises! I realised she was extremely high and this always made her a lot more agreeable for sex but this was unbelievable!

Jenn was pleasuring both dicks as best she could but struggling with the severe fucking she was getting and the large size of the guy she was sucking. My stomach was bouncing out of control with jealousy but my cock was growing!

I was confused until I realised that I wasn't jealous actually anymore. I was jealous on the beach when she played with them by showing her body, even giving them more attention than me. But now that she was letting them fuck her, curiously, I wasn't jealous anymore. I was proud of her. I was impressed that she was so "cool" that she was willing to fuck a stranger. Two strangers!

I understood that I was watching something special. Jenn was as beautiful as ever, and doing something special. Not for me. She was doing something special for other men, but it was beautiful. A beautiful and special experience. I felt good for the volleyball guys that they could be so lucky to fuck such a beautiful young woman they'd only just met on the beach that day.

I decided to take a step forward knowing that they would be able to see me. Jenn had her back to the doorway and was now deep throating half the full length of the 30 centimetre penis in front of her.

I thought it wasn't fair that she never deep throated my 15 centimetres before while she had to work a lot harder for him.

But again, I wasn't jealous. Instead, I was overwhelmed by the thought of how sexy it was to see a beautiful young woman trying something new, doing more than she usually does, trying to impress and make a good first impression, as if it wasn't already enough that she let them take her. Her beautiful giving personality was now outrageously erotic to behold.

I was about to take another step forward which would almost definitely alert them to my presence when Jenn began to shake into a full body orgasm. The volleyball guys looked at each other and smiled. Jenn continued to shudder into an extra long orgasm as the volleyball guy getting the blowjob reached down to massage her perfect breasts, causing her to moan softly as his hands found her nipples.

The volleyball guy getting the blowjob finally looked up and noticed me. He smiled and waved another "hello" to me like he did earlier, as if nothing unusual was happening. I waved another "hello" and almost felt like an idiot for smiling back at him.

The man fucking Jenn from behind noticed the other man wave to me and looked over his shoulder and smiled at me too and continued to fuck her but his face had changed. He now made a pleasurable "oh" face as if to express his gratitude for being inside my girlfriend. I smiled back at him, feeling foolish once again.

Jenn's pussy always gets really small and tight during and after an orgasm so his reaction was more likely related to the tight pressure of Jenn's pussy on his cock, but I could also sense his excitement of seeing her boyfriend while fucking her. It seemed to give him a sense of urgency as he sped up and became more erratic about fucking he was giving her.

He soon pulled his fat cock out of Jenn's pussy just as a jet of sperm erupted from the the head of his big cock, maintaining a connection with Jenn's quickly closing pussy as he pulled out.

There seemed to be a long delay before Jenn let out a submissive moan as he finally shot his next big volley of sperm across her lower back, ass, and across her pussy, all the while maintaining the thick connection between his cock and her pussy from the first cumshot, which he quickly used as lubricant to put his monster cock back inside Jenn's perfect little pussy for a couple more deep, pleasure-filled thrusts. Jenn moaned with gratitude even though he was now risking pregnancy.

I was amazed that any man could cum so much. It was a very heavy, sticky load. But he wasn't finished. He grabbed his pole and pulled it out of Jenn then shot one last load across her pussy lips and put it back inside again, causing Jenn to flinch with pleasure.

I realised that Jenn would need a morning after pill as the man fucking Jenn looked back at me again without speaking but shook his head with a look on his face that said he just had the time of his life.

The volleyball guy getting the blowjob signalled to his friend that it was his turn to fuck her then stood up without warning, pulling his big dick out of Jenn's suckling mouth with a loud "plop" as as at the guy inside her pussy pulled his sperm-coated cock out causing her to fall to the floor of the shower to lay on her back from her pleasurable exhaustion.

Jenn was totally out of it but instinctively opened her legs to welcome the man she had just given a blowjob. He didn't waste time getting in the missionary position, scooping his friend's cum onto the head of his cock to use as lubricant.

Jenn finally looked over and noticed me as he entered her.

"I'm sorry..." was all Jenn could say as her sense of surprise and regret was quickly overcome by the eroticism of my presence while she was fucking someone else. While it looked challenging to suck him, it now looked even more so to get fucked by him.

Her face was bright red from the vigorous fucking she had received and her makeup was running down her eyes from the blowjob she delivered, and now she was whimpering with every thrust even though he only got 10 centimetres of his 30 inside. The second volleyball guy was only a little longer but much fatter than the first guy.

"Are you ok?" I asked Jenn but was interrupted.

"Your girlfriend has a great pussy," said the first volleyball guy who had just fucked her as he walked to the shower with his softening cock bouncing as he went to turn on the water.

"Soft, wet, small, tight." He continued to explain as he started his shower. I ignored his comments and looked back at Jenn.

"I didn't know..." Jenn began again to speak to me but stopped with an open mouth as the second volleyball guy started to aggressively pound her little pussy. Jenn seemed to want to say something more, but the hard and fast sex stopped her from any further communication. Jenn reached down to hold his hips, in a futile attempt to moderate the force and tempo of his thrusts.

'Didn't know what?' I thought to myself. Didn't know it wasn't me? Didn't know they would fuck her? At that moment I remembered how she masturbated for me on the beach, eventually doing it in their direction, so of course, they wanted to fuck her...

"Don't worry...." I tried to resume communication and show Jenn some support but the second volleyball guy reached down and grabbed her head with one hand so she could watch as he thrust his big, fat cock into her.

All Jenn could do was watch and whimper in pleasure as he hammered her tight little pussy with a dick that was fatter than her wrists. He was hammering her like a man who thought he was having sex for the last time, perhaps thinking he didn't have much time before I or Jenn stopped him.

He didn't need time. Mere seconds later Jenn burst into another orgasm. She immediately reached down with both hands, one to pull his ass towards her and the other to masturbate her clitoris as her body shook with pleasure.

As with the first volleyball guy, Jenn's orgasm caused his pace to become erratic as the feeling of Jenn's tightly pulsating pussy was too much for him.

At this moment I realised he was already cumming and was trying to push deeper with each internal cumshot.

Jenn struggled to take his full length and looked into his eyes in surprise as she felt his hot cum flooding the deepest part of her pussy then rolled her eyes to the back of her head as her orgasm continued even longer and more powerfully.

He continued to shake and push inside Jenn's tight little pussy until he finally pulled out to throw a long cumshot that went far enough to hit her face, falling all the way back to her pussy, before climbing up her body to release a couple smaller cumshots into her open mouth.

Not satisfied with only cumming inside her pussy, he pushed his big, fat cock into her mouth and forced her to deepthroat him to clean his cock of his cum and her pussy juice.

With the effects of the marijuana and two orgasms, Jenn was now completely out of it so she kissed, licked and sucked his cock clean then proceeded to wipe his cum off her face, chest and pussy, scooping it all into her mouth, effectively cleaning herself too then put his cock back inside her mouth to suck the last of his sperm from his cockhead.

As for me, and my voyeur fetish, this was about as good as it could get. I felt the pleasure of the two lucky volleyball guys and started to cum without even touching myself!

I quickly pulled my cock out of my shorts and rushed over to Jenn's face, with my cum dripping on the floor as I went. She didn't resist as I shot my sperm on her face, prompting her to pull the second volleyball guy's dick out of her mouth to suck and clean my cock too.

The second volleyball guy got off Jenn and joined his friends under the shower.

Jenn let out a muffled moan of satisfaction at being able to give me pleasure too and resumed touching her clitoris with my cock in her mouth while the volleyball guys finished showering, thanked us and left.

"Hey, are you ok?" I whispered into her ear after pulling my cock from her mouth.

"They, uh, fucked me..." she answered weakly as she stopped masturbating.

"Really hard..." I said as Jenn sat up. I hugged her and she hugged me back even stronger.

"Are you mad at me?" Jenn asked as she looked down at her pink and swollen pussy lips, then back up at me.

"Of course not, you were amazing." I reassured her.

I suggested she have a shower but she said she just wanted to get out of there as soon as possible.

Feeling assured enough to stand up, Jenn put stopped while putting on her sundress when a gush of sperm leaked out of her pussy.

"They really enjoyed themselves..." She said, as we both noticed the sperm running down her leg.

"And you're not angry?" Jenn asked with a frown as she wiped the sperm into her bikini bottoms as she pulled them up to her wet pussy.

"It wasn't your fault." I said while rubbing her back.

"I did the right thing?" Jenn asked in surprise.

"Well it certainly looked like a successful event!" I said with a laugh. Jenn laughed too.

"I guess you could say it was pretty... successful." Jenn said, as she looked at her hand, opening and closing her fingers to review a handful of sticky sperm.

I gave Jenn a kiss on her cheek and told her that I think she is a wonderful woman then pointed at a wet patch of semen on her dress.

"I guess those guys think I'm wonderful too," joked Jenn as she too noticed the sperm sticking to her dress.

"I would have to agree." I said, realising that two strangers came inside her before I even had a chance to fuck her without a condom.

"And you're sure you're not jealous?" Jenn frowned again.

"Of course I am but the real question is if I'm mad at you." I began to explain before being interrupted.

"And you're mad?" Jenn asked with a look of sadness.

"Honestly, I was a bit mad about the way you teased them on the beach. I felt like you were ignoring me. But when I saw them fucking you, for some reason I wasn't mad about that at all." I explained.

"But you're disappointed in me." Jenn asked but it was more of a statement, as she continued to look sad.

"No, you're just very agreeable about sex. This is something I really love about you and I don't want you to change." I explained more.

"But they took me!" Jenn was almost about to cry so I gave her a hug.

"You did nothing wrong. I should've stopped them but I didn't. It's not your fault." I said as I kissed her forehead.

"But you couldn't stop them. You were just as high as me." Jenn complained.

"So they got lucky, but that's ok." I answered.

"They came a lot inside me." Jenn said as she looked down again and pulled her dress up to reveal a large wet spot on her bikini bottoms.

"Do you want to have a shower?" I asked.

"Let's just get out of here." She said, removing her bikini then throwing it in the garbage, causing us both to giggle.

We held hands as we walked to the car, and drove home, buying a morning-after pill at a pharmacy on the way.

We didn't have sex for a couple days because Jenn was too sore but she gave me a couple blowjobs.

Nothing like that ever happened again but our sex life was much better after that experience. We ended up getting married, having a couple children and still fantasise about that experience to this day.
