Kaitlyn’s Torture
by PollyPan

[PART 1]

Kaitlyn was a short, nerdy girl. To most people she was even the stereotypical nerdy girl. Her size paled in comparison to others who were her age, only reaching to 5’1, and she didn’t even make up for it with her other assets either. Her breasts were still underdeveloped compared to the other girls around her, and her general looks weren’t anything to look at twice. Her short blonde hair came down just to her shoulders, parted so that her black trimmed glasses weren’t covered. To some she may have been considered “cute”, but the boys in her class would never lust over her like they did some of the more obviously attractive girls. Girls like Jenny, or Sarah, for example.

Kaitlyn sat at her desk with her head resting on her hands, staring forward at the two gorgeous girls who were engaged in conversation, probably about something only more popular and pretty girls got to talk about. She wanted to be like them so badly. Both were exceedingly beautiful and had no problem getting the attention of all the cute boys in their class. She didn’t even much want the attention from boys in all honesty. All she wanted was for people to not make fun of her or make her feel beneath them.

Her eyes kept darting back and forth between them as they spoke. Jenny, with her long, flowing red hair, and freckles that made her equally cute and sexy to most; and Sarah with her black curls and angelic figure that made guys crazy. Both Jenny and Sarah were much taller than Kaitlyn, at a modest 5’11-6’0. To Kaitlyn they appeared like giants. Yet she envied them still and would give anything to be like them, or even be liked by them.

Kaitlyn was so caught up in her daydreams that she didn’t actually notice when the two had stopped talking upon noticing her staring at them and had now walked towards her desk.

She was soon snapped out of it as they immediately began to taunt her.

“Awww, was little Kaitlyn napping?” mocked Sarah, grinning evily and tilting her head condescendingly as she glared at Kaitlyn.

“God, just look at you. You’re pathetic, I can’t believe you’re our age!” Jenny laughed, enjoying herself as the two ganged up on the small, defenseless nerd.

Luckily for Kaitlyn, most of the class was distracted with their own conversations and business during their study break to notice the two girls attempting to humiliate her. She wished the two of them would just leave her alone, she had done nothing to them except exist.

“Haha... good one guys...” she replied sheepishly. Maybe if she agreed with them, or pretended they were funny, they’d leave her alone.

“Did you hear that Jen? She agrees she shouldn’t be here!” Sarah laughed, her menacing grin getting larger as she looked to Jenny for approval.

“Well good for her! The little baby knows her place at least,” Jenny mocked, as she squeezed Kaitlyn’s cheeks between her fingers like she were a baby.

“Plls lt g oh m,” was all Kaitlyn could get out with her lips trapped in Jenny’s grasp.

“Aww, I think she’s saying she likes when you do that!” Sarah laughed.

Whilst Kaitlyn’s tormentors did just that, she wasn’t aware that she was actually being distracted so that the third member of Jenny and Sarah’s terrible trio, Rachel, could silently take Kaitlyn’s bag from under her desk.

Rachel, who was in a different class to the others but was still nonetheless just as horrid, slowly left back through the door she came through after retrieving her prize, giving a quick wink to the two girls as she left. Rachel was the smaller of the three at 5’8, but compared to Kaitlyn that was a large step up. She was a brunette with just over shoulder length hair, and had the most amazing eyes you’d ever see. They seemed to shine even in the darkness, and just one look into them would cause you to melt. The issue was that most of the boys never even noticed them, as their eyes were fixed on two even more precious beauties that lay just below. Only a lucky few guys had seen them bare, but the stories they’d told were enough for the others to desperately crave a peek at the girl’s breasts.

“Okay little baby, listen up good now,” Jenny started as she relaxed her grasp on poor Kaitlyn’s mouth, “if you want your precious bag back you’d best come to the girl’s bathroom on the second floor after school. You know the one. Oh and if you think of telling anyone about this then it’ll be worse for you, is that clear?” she glared at Kaitlyn as she spoke, trying her best to intimidate the life out of her.

Kaitlyn, in a state of panic now, desperately reached for her bag only to find it was already gone... She looked back up at Jenny and Sarah, who were towering over her and smirking, and simply responded,

“I’ll be there...” gulping largely as she finished speaking...


[PART 2]

The rest of the school day went by pretty quickly, much to Kaitlyn’s dismay. Luckily she hadn’t needed much of the contents of her bag in her classes, but she was annoyed at the loss of her phone and lunch which she’d kept in there. She was more worried about what the two girls, really three but she wasn’t yet aware of Rachel’s involvement, had in store for her. She was even tempted to ignore their warning and not show up, but she feared what they might do to her instead even more.

The girl’s bathroom on the second floor was not the sort of place Kaitlyn wanted to go to, let alone be forced to go to. It had a reputation for being where the worst sorts of inappropriate activities in the school happened. Kaitlyn had heard a rumour that someone had actually been expelled for doing certain things in there, but she wasn’t quite sure of the specifics or legitimacy.

As almost everyone else around her was leaving the building to enjoy their evenings off, Kaitlyn slowly walked up the stairs towards her expected torment. She began to feel sick to her stomach thinking about what the girls had in store for her. Maybe they’d just give her back her bag and let her go. Oh how she hoped that was all. She was so caught up thinking about what was in store for her that she didn’t notice Rachel slowly lurking behind her and making sure she followed their instructions.

Quickly taking a final glance left and right before submitting to her fate, Kaitlyn opened the door to the bathroom and stepped inside.

Immediately, she was surprised to find more than just Jenny and Sarah waiting for her in there. The two of them were sat on the counter were the sinks were, but they were joined by two other girls who Kaitlyn didn’t recognise. They were both pretty intimidating looking. Then again, most people were to Kaitlyn. A scared look formed in her eye as she realised she likely wasn’t going to be given her bag back right away.

“Looks like the little baby made it,” sneered Jenny as Kaitlyn slowly walked towards them.

“Y-yeah. I came.. can I have my bag back now, Jenny?” Kaitlyn asked, shaking a little bit.

“Aww, ain’t she cute!” one of the other girls said teasingly.

“Maybe if you ask again nicely, little one,” Sarah chimed in.

“Uh.. please may I have my bag back?” Kaitlyn embarrassingly asked.

“Haha, if you’re a good girl and behave for us then maybe we’ll let you have it back,” laughed Jenny as she slowly hopped down from the sinks and towered over Kaitlyn.

“You gonna behave, little baby?” Asked one of the other girls, looking towards her menacingly.

Kaitlyn began to tremble as she now realised the situation she was in, she quickly decided that her bag wasn’t worth it, she’d just replace it, and so she ran towards the door to flee.

However, as she tried to open it she realised it was locked. She hadn’t noticed Rachel earlier, but now she was definitely noticing what Rachel had done. As soon as Kaitlyn had entered the bathroom she had sealed her fate as the tormentee of the girls, as Rachel had locked the door. She’d be missing out on the group’s fun but she’d been assured by the others that she’d see the results of their work in time.

“Ooh, that doesn’t look like you’re behaving, bitch!” The smaller of the two other girls shouted as Kaitlyn began to shake more upon realising she was trapped at their mercy.

Kaitlyn was about to say something when the same girl slapped her across the face. She wasn’t ready for such a sudden, sharp jolt of pain and so she quickly lost function of her legs and fell to the floor.

“Aww, baby doesn’t even know how to walk anymore, how pathetic!” Jenny laughed, her mind racing with evil thoughts now that they had their victim trapped.

“Ready to behave yet?” Sarah asked, laughing hysterically at the little girl on the floor.

Kaitlyn was close to tears now, but she wouldn’t let them have the privilege of seeing her cry yet. She wanted to at least keep up some appearance of strength. Ironic from her current position.

“Y-yes,” she meekly got out, as she slowly stood back up.

“Okay, baby, be a good girl and give us your top,” Jenny demanded.

“M-my top?” Kaitlyn couldn’t believe it, they wanted her clothes? Were they going to ask for more? What if they made her get fully naked. Her head started filling with horrible thoughts of what they might do to her but she then began to realise it was too late.

“Oh, hurry up baby! We’ll take it from you if you don’t go fast enough!” One of the other girls shouted.

Kaitlyn gave in and slowly slid her hands to her sides and began lifting, as she reached around the height of her bra she began to stop again, realising she wasn’t ready for them to see her underdeveloped chest.

“Oh, you are a god damn baby!” The other girl moaned as she walked closer to Kaitlyn and grabbed her top herself and hoisted it over her head. “There we go, now the little baby is topless!”

It was true, Kaitlyn was now stood with her chest bared, except for her bra - which covered what very little development she had. She quickly held her hands above her breasts in a feeble attempt to cover what she didn’t even have.

“Awww, she really is a baby hahaha! Look at those tiny titties!” Jenny laughed. This was too rich, the little naked girl, who was the same age as these 2 beauties, didn’t even have any breasts!

“Damn, you sure she’s our age? She looks so young!” laughed one of the other girls.

Kaitlyn became even more flushed with embarrassment as the girls made fun of her small breasts.

“Okay, little baby. You did what we asked...barely.” Jenny started, “but if you don’t lower your hands right now we’ll strip you fully naked immediately!” She shouted.

Kaitlyn immediately lowered her to her sides. She definitely didn’t want them to see any more of her, she’d die if she ended up naked and trapped with these four horrid girls.

“That’s a good girl” Sarah smirked, looking to Jenny and nodding as she did the same back. They both knew what they had in store for the poor girl, and they had no mercy to give her for sure.

Jenny pulled her phone out and took a picture of the poor girl with her exposed bra. Then another. And another, making sure to capture her from a few different angles.

“No! Please don’t take pictures of me!” Cried Kaitlyn. She was fine with the four girls seeing her like this, but the thought of who else might see her scared her immensely.

“Now now, Kaitlyn. Another outburst like that and it’ll be a time out for you,” Sarah teased. “Besides, if you behave yourself then maybe nobody will see these, just think of them as your reason to keep behaving, little baby!”

As Kaitlyn stood there shaking, Jenny reached into her own bag and pulled out a baby’s bottle that looked to be full of milk. She walked back over to Kaitlyn with it and held it in front of her.

“Now, little Kaitlyn. You’re going to be a good girl and say ‘I’m a little baby who needs my bottle’ and then drink it all. Think you can do that?” She asked, treating her like a child.

Kaitlyn wanted to refuse for a second, but then remembered there was no point. She was now completely at the mercy of these four girls and they had no intention of going easy on here.

“Yes, Jenny..” she spoke, nearly crying. 


[PART 3]

As Kaitlyn took the bottle from Jenny she looked down at it slowly. Would she really have to drink all of this? The bottle was pretty full, but luckily due to her lack of lunch her stomach was quite empty. Nevermind drinking the milk, would she really have to say what Jenny had demanded? Where was this all going, why were they doing this to her? She just wanted to curl up into a ball and die.

As Kaitlyn took the bottle off of her, Jenny pulled her phone back out and began to record her trapped girl's task.

"Come on now, drink up quick and don't spill any! And don't forget the magic words!" she laughed, pointing the camera towards Kaitlyn's miserable looking face. She would occasionally pan back down to capture the girl's bare chest and bra, just to make sure everyone who saw this knew what sort of state the poor girl was in.

Kaitlyn did as she was instructed and nervously began to stutter, "I'm...I'm a little... little baby.. who needs my bottle.." before beginning to suck on the top of the bottle in order to drink from it. The milk began to flow into her mouth slowly, adding more torture to her tasks as she couldn't even get it over with quickly. She quickly realised that not only was the milk not cold, it might not even have been fresh. It was warm, and had a fowl taste that made trying to down the entire bottle even worse. She began to smell it as she tasted it too, causing her to feel nauseous as she got about halfway through.

The four girls just laughed at her as she drank and Jenny recorded every second. They'd half expected the poor girl to resist more, but she was obeying their instructions easily, and so the rest of their plan should follow easily they thought.

As Kaitlyn finally finished drinking, after what felt like an eternity, an outline of milk surrounded her lips and she let out a fairly loud burp - much to her embarrassment. Her stomach wasn't happy with her, and neither were her tormentors.

"Eww, looks like our little baby didn't get taught any manners!" mocked one of the other girls.

"You know what happens to naughty babies who misbehave, don't you now?" asked Sarah, trying to hold back from bursting into laughter so that she could scare Kaitlyn more. She hopped back onto the sink and glared towards her, "Get that skirt off and come lay over my lap, this instant!" she demanded.

Surely she couldn't be serious, Kaitlyn thought. They had forced her into a position that made her burp, but now they wanted to punish her for it too? She couldn't possibly remove any more of her clothing for them, she wouldn't! What would they do if she didn't though? Hurt her? Take more pictures? Worse? Her hands trembling at her sides, she slowly chose to accept her fate once again and give in. At least she'd still have her underwear left, but she didn't much want them to see that either. Her mother had insisted that since they didn't have a lot of money, and since Kaitlyn was so small, it was cheaper and more efficient to just buy her underwear from the kids section of the store. It was embarrassing enough that her own mother still bought her clothes at this age, let alone ones from the kids section.

The pair she was wearing today were some of the worst offenders though. They were a soft, cotton pair, with a pink accent around the borders, and little pink ponies dotted around them. As she slowly unclasped her skirt and let it fall they quickly came into view for the room to see, especially with no top to hang down and cover them. She really did look like a child at this point, the girls couldn't believe their luck as the camera captured every angle of her baby panties. Kaitlyn was now just stood there in just her underwear, her shoes, and her socks.

The girls each started laughing hysterically as they saw her baby panties. It was as if the girl was trying to help humiliate herself.

"Awww, look at what cute little undies the baby has!" mocked the taller of the other girls, "I bet mummy picked them out for you, isn't that right?" she continued.

"Even my little sister is more mature looking than you, at least she wears thongs and actually has a pair of tits, good god," laughed the other.

"Hurry up, Kaitlyn, I swear to god you're such a slowpoke!" shouted Sarah, pointing to her lap. "Get your butt up here this instant!"

Kaitlyn, cowering in fear, slowly approached the sinks and with tears beginning to form in her eyes, lay over Sarah's lap. She lay almost limp, as her tears began to fall down her cheeks. She wished she'd never been born. Sarah lifted her knees slightly, arching Kaitlyn up slightly, and then made sure that Kaitlyn's legs hung over the side of her right one. In this position, Kaitlyn's only real asset was prominently displayed. For all of her lack of other features, her ass was quite nice to say the least. It was fairly large and well rounded, but unfortunately most never got to see it, least of all herself. More unfortunately it was now acting as a lovely big target for Sarah.

Kaitlyn's juicy, raised ass was also the subject of Jenny's latest collection of photos, making sure she got a good shot of both cheeks, an undershot, and overshot, and almost every other angle. She couldn't wait to show the poor girl what a nice little ass she had, both before and after Sarah let loose.

"How many to start with, girls?" Sarah asked, with a happy step in her voice, "10? 30? 100?" she laughed.

"Go easy on her, " Jenny laughed, with an incinsereness in her voice, "Wouldn't want to break the little baby now would we?" tilting her head towards Kaitlyn's face and putting on a fake pouting expression.

"Please!! Please don't hurt me!! Just let me go! Please!" Kaitlyn began to wail.

"Nevermind, 30 will do," Jenny replied to Sarah, a more serious tone in her voice, "she still doesn't know her place." 


[PART 4]

Not wanting to make matters worse, Kaitlyn decided to not say anything more, however her constant panting and shaking made her unpleasantness at the situation clear to everyone.

Sarah gently squeezed the girl’s left ass cheek, before doing the same to the right. She repeated this for a few moments, sometimes alternating a squeeze with a gentle caress.

“Damn, what a nice little booty you’ve got back here, baby” she laughed, “it’s a shame you couldn’t behave...” she finished as she lifted her left hand as high as she could before swatting it back down harshly against Kaitlyn’s left ass cheek.

Kaitlyn let out a wail as the sharp pain hit her cheek, and then her other, again, and again, and again. Sarah took pleasure in spanking their little plaything. Sometimes she’d wait longer between swats to put more fear into the poor girl, and other times she’d just smack her ass silly as Kaitlyn could do nothing but cry and scream and wait for it to be over.

Jenny of course was recording the whole thing, making sure to allow for slow-mo shots as Kaitlyn’s plump asscheeks jiggled every time Sarah’s evil hand inflicted its punishment upon them.

The other two girls just stood there, laughing hysterically as they took in the site of the tiny, helpless girl getting spanked as if she were a baby, in just her bra and what barely classed as panties.

Soon enough, Kaitlyn’s big ass was just as red as her face - which was now dripping from the countless tears she had been crying. Her weak attempt to act strong had broken a long time ago. Her ass was on fire and she worried if she’d ever be able to walk again.

Finally, after what seemed like an eternity, Kaitlyn felt one last harsh smack against her ass.

“Aaaand, 30!” Sarah exclaimed with glee, “Damn! What a sight!” She laughed, looking down at Kaitlyn’s burning red ass. “But you know you deserved that for misbehaving, don’t you, little baby?” She asked.

Kaitlyn was silent.

“DON’T YOU, LITTLE BABY?!” She screamed into Kaitlyn’s ear, whilst at the same time gripping her tiny underwear and yanking it sharply up her asscrack.

“Y-YES SARAH! I DESERVED IT!” Kaitlyn screamed in agony, the pain from the spanking and wedgie wreaking havoc upon the nerves in her ass. Jenny took no time in capturing Kaitlyn’s now even more exposed ass cheeks for her collection.

“It’s not over yet, is it?” asked one of the other girls, disappointingly, “I was just getting started...”

“Oh don’t worry, dear, so were we.” Jenny smirked at Sarah, and then slowly walked over to Kaitlyn. In one quick move she unclasped the poor girl’s bra, which suddenly fell to the floor below, leaving her entirely topless. 


[PART 5]

Now laying over Sarah’s lap with just her panties, shoes, and socks left to cover her, Kaitlyn was a crying mess. She hadn’t wanted to be stripped and yet here she was half, nearly fully naked. The only thing really covering her a childish pair of panties that were meant for a girl at most half her age.

Jenny scooped up Kaitlyn’s bra from the ground and hid it away so the girl couldn’t try to reclaim it any time soon. She then approached Kaitlyn and dragged her from Sarah’s lap - causing her to fall suddenly to the floor, landing on her sore ass.

Kaitlyn let out a yelp as the cold floor against her burning ass shocked her senses. She immediately tried to stand and rub her ass, not even paying any mind to her now fully exposed breasts. Jenny took this opportunity to take a nice few pictures of her fully bare chest.

“Awww, they’re so tiny and cute!” Both of the other girls said almost in unison, before laughing together and pointing at the poor girl’s tiny tits.

Kaitlyn quickly swapped from rubbing her red ass to trying to cover her small breasts. This was however a bad idea as ,upon seeing her do this, the taller of the other girls pulled her hands away as the other grabbed each of her exposed nipples and began to twist them softly. Kaitlyn’s nipples were already hard for whatever reason. Maybe it was the cold air in the room, the stimulation of the spanking, or perhaps some masochistic part of her was enjoying this.

“Noo!! That hurts! Please stop!!” She wailed as the smaller girl twisted her nipples and pulled them back and forth. “Not my breasts please!” She begged.

“What breasts?” Sarah laughed from atop the sinks, loving every second of the girl’s pain. “Those things? I’ve seen guys with bigger tits than that, hon’” she burst into laughter.

“Yeah, just relax, babies are used to being topless!” Jenny chimed in, making sure she was capturing everything as the poor girl’s tits were tortured.

As the girls kept teasing her, Kaitlyn’s stomach began to rumble again and she tried to stifle another burp but to no avail, this one even louder than the first. Kaitlyn almost burst into tears upon realising what this meant.

“Uh oh, baby still hasn’t learned!” Laughed Jenny. Now she’ll have to be punished even more!” Jenny walked over to the far side of the room and pulled on a pivot, attached to the wall, that had something attached to it.

Kaitlyn, still under the attack of the other two girls, glanced over at Jenny with a fearful look in her eye before realising there was a changing table on the wall of this bathroom. I guess they’d installed one just in case? Regardless, a sense of dread came over Kaitlyn as Jenny demanded her on it now.

“Pl-please! I promise I’ll be good! Please let me go now!” She cried again, still to no avail. Jenny simply nodded at the other two girls, who with no amount of effort grabbed Kaitlyn by the arms and dragged her over to the changing table. They then hoisted her up onto it and pushed her down onto her back, holding her arms in place and making sure she couldn’t get off of it, no matter how hard the girl struggled. And struggle she did.

Kaitlyn tried to thrash around and escape, trying to loosen the other girls’ grip on her or kick her legs about to try and hit Jenny. But it was all useless.

Sarah had noticed Kaitlyn’s pathetic escape attempts and was worried they may not be able to hold her and continue as planned and so she hopped down from the sinks and joined the other girls. She reached into Jenny’s supply of things and pulled out four pairs of play handcuffs before holding one up and dangling it in the air above Kaitlyn’s tear-soaked face.

“Wouldn’t want you ruining our fun now would we, tiny tits?” She laughed, as she began to secure Kaitlyn’s wrists to the pivots of the table locking her arms in place. This causes Kaitlyn to panic even moreso. Sure, she was already nearly naked before them, but now being constrained at the girls’ mercy was causing her a lot more grief. They could now basically do whatever they wanted to her... and they would.
She started thrashing her small legs around even moreso, even nearly hitting Jenny with one kick, but it didn’t last long. Soon, with Kaitlyn’s arms now secure, the other two girls came and held her legs instead. They held them closed for now, making sure they all had plenty of room around the poor girl first.

“Okay, sweetie, since you couldn’t behave again and let out another disgusting noise, we’re going to have to punish you again!” Jenny mocked, taking some closeups of the girl’s chest, her crying face, and her waist. “Get her feet bare, Sarah,” she laughed

Sarah took no time in quickly removing Kaitlyn’s shoes and socks, leaving her bare feet exposed to the others, held in place by the the other girls’ hold on Kaitlyn’s legs.

“Now if I remember correctly, baby, you seemed not to like it the last time we did this...” Jenny grinned, taking a light feather from her bag and then slowly sliding it along the sole of Kaitlyn’s right foot. She was right of course, they had actually tickled Kaitlyn once before during a gym class, and the girl was no less ticklish now as she starting to try and curl her foot to escape the tickling of the feather.

“Awww, guess I was right” Jenny laughed. “Sarah, you do her other foot, and one of you two go for her waist!” She instructed. “This’ll be fun” she grinned at Kaitlyn, who was wailing now.

“How long will you last I wonder?” 


[PART 6]

Kaitlyn squirmed and squealed as the girls assaulted her with their gentle hands. Her body writhed under the ticking, making her small breasts wiggle about, and the rest of her limbs to shake around.

With her free hand, Jenny was of course still recording the girl’s torment, loving every minute of it. She wanted to make sure the girl would never be able to live this day down, to completely break her in every way possible. She didn’t even have any particular reason - it was just fun to her. The other girls of course shared in her feeling.

Their tickling continued for a few minutes before eventually Kaitlyn began to beg again, with panic in her voice,

“No, please! Stop! I’m gonna pee! Please let me go! I need to pee!” She squealed.

Jenny simply laughed and nodded to the girl holding Kaitlyn’s legs together.

“Aw, don’t worry! Little babies always pee their pants!” Jenny mocked, as the other girl slowly pried Kaitlyn’s legs apart, exposing her panty covered crotch. She tried to resist and close them again but it was useless, the girls had total control of her. She didn’t want them to watch, it was so embarrassing!

As Sarah and the other girl continued tickling their prey, Jenny made sure to position her camera so that it captures Kaitlyn’s nicely exposed, panty clad crotch.

“No! Plee-e-eease” Kaitlyn wailed, about to burst.

The girls took no pity on her though. In fact, Jenny was tired of waiting and approached Kaitlyn with a menacing grin on her face. Then, without any warning, she pressed down on Kaitlyn’s body above her bladder, and then it happened.

“Nooo!!” Kaitlyn cried as the camera began to capture every moment of the poor girl’s fate. As her warm, golden pee began to pour out of her, her panties began to grow damp and dark as they soaked up the disgusting liquid. The other girls remained silent as it happened, so that they could hear the poor girl’s bladder betraying her, among her wails of tears of course.

Due to most of Kaitlyn’s daily stomach content being liquid, her humiliation seemed to last forever as she kept soaking her own panties with a constant stream. However, after about 20-30 seconds she finally seemed to stop, and the girls let up on tickling her.

Kaitlyn was now on her back, with her arms locked to the bars of a changing table on which she lay, with her legs parted, her body covered only by a pair of heavily urine soaked panties, and every angle of her captured perfectly on Jenny’s camera. She was too broken already to even bother to think to close her legs, or maybe she didn’t want them getting covered in her urine as well.

“Damn, bet that felt good!” Sarah laughed hysterically, “I’ve heard babies actually enjoy pissing themselves! I guess you’re no different! Look how much you peed!” She continue.

Kaitlyn was so embarrassed but also angry now. She was sick of them calling her a baby. She was their age, and even if smaller and more underdeveloped she couldnt handle their words anymore.

“I’M NOT A BABY!” She shouted, through tears. However, her body betrayed her at this moment as her stomach gurgled and her bowels let out a loud and unpleasant noise. Her attempt to act tough was now fully crushed again by the fact that she’d farted so loudly in front of her tormentors.

“God, you’re so disgusting!” One of the other girls said angrily.

“Jesus, that stinks!” The other laughed.

“Not a baby, huh? Then why can’t you control your bladder, or your damn asshole at this rate?” Jenny mocked, moving over to Kaitlyn’s face and staring down at her, “just accept that we own you now, little baby. And quite frankly I’m tired of hearing your pathetic cries.”

Jenny walked back over to her bag and pulled out something long and plastic. She turned around and presented it to them all. It was a fairly short red dildo, maybe 3 or 4 inches in length, but attached at the... base end... was a red pacifier. The thing looked hand crafted, Jenny had probably made it herself just for this.

“Wow, that’s brilliant!” Sarah laughed and the other girls simply nodded.

Kaitlyn looked at it in fear and closed her mouth immediately upon realising Jenny’s intention.

“Nuh-uh. You open nice and wide now, or I’m shoving this elsewhere, you hear me?” Jenny demanded. Kaitlyn knew she wasn’t messing around and slowly opened her mouth up reluctantly. She’s rather have the small thing in her mouth where she could handle it than risk it elsewhere.

“This the first cock you’ll have had in your mouth, cutie?” Sarah asked. Kaitlyn was annoyed at this question. It was true though, she was wildly unpopular and had never so much as even held hands with a guy before, nevermind sucked a cock. Nevertheless, she knew remaining silent would just end in more pain.

“Yes, Sarah, I’ve.. I’ve never had one before...” she meekly got out.

The girls had half expected her to have had some experience before. She was their age of course, and they’d all had their fair share of fun with a lot of the guys they knew. Except Rachel, who was supposedly saving herself for someone special - which the others somewhat respected her for.

“Oh really? Then I want you to say that out loud, little one” laughed Jenny.

Kaitlyn simply sighed and gave in, “This is the first cock I’ve ever had in my mouth” she said, as she began to cry again.

Jenny then lowered the toy into her open mouth and made sure it met her lips, leaving poor Kaitlyn with both a dildo and a pacifier in her mouth.

“Right, now it’s time to change you, baby! Wouldn’t want to leave you soaking in your own piss for too long!” She laughed, running her hand slowly down Kaitlyn’s chest towards her waist.

Kaitlyn began to shake her head wildly, she quickly realised now that because the pacifier was also a dildo, she couldn’t simply spit it out and she’d forfeited her ability to speak. Instead all she let out were near silenced moans as she struggled to break her restraints.

The two other girls held her legs open to prevent her using them, and her arms remained locked to the table. She only now realised they’d put her in this position deliberately from the start.

Jenny took out a pair of scissors from her bag and held them close to the side of Kaitlyn’s soaked underwear.

“Time to see what goods you’ve got hidden down here!” She teased.

This was it, Kaitlyn’s entire nakedness was about to be exposed to the four girls, and the camera. Once they had her naked there was no telling what they would do to her. And with the fateful sound of the scissors snipping, Kaitlyn passed out. 


[PART 7]

Just as she was about to start cutting up Kaitlyn’s panties, Jenny noticed that the poor girl had passed out. Sighing, she put the scissors down on the sink counter and stood over the passed out nearly naked girl. She didn’t want to continue without her awake. Most of the fun was in the little girl’s reactions to their torture and so they’d wait for her to wake up before continuing.

“Damn, the baby really passed out?” Sarah groaned, also wanting to have continued their torture.

“God, and we were just about to see her little pussy!” laughed one of the other girls.

“Yeah, it’s a shame, but she’ll be back awake soon enough, and we can always snap her back ourselves if she isn’t...” Jenny responded. She then pulled out her phone and sent a text to Rachel, who was still just waiting around near the bathrooms.

A few moments later, and after a few seconds of the sound of keys jangling and metal moving around, the bathroom door opened and Rachel walked in. She then locked the door again behind her as she came in.

She was about to speak when she noticed Kaitlyn’s limp, almost naked body, with her asscheeks still tomato red, laid down on the changing table and burst into laughter.

“Damn, you guys really got this far already?” She laughed, examining the poor girl’s body even more, “oh my god her tits are so small!” she continued before noticing the girls panties were still on. “Wait... is that..” she mumbled, “DID SHE PISS HERSELF?!” She burst into laughter again as she caught up on the girls humiliation.

“Glad you could finally join us, Rach!” smiled Sarah. “This’ll be easier with you here to help out now!”

Jenny pulled out some rope from her bag and handed some to Sarah and Rachel.

“While she’s passed out we can get her into a better pose for her full reveal” she laughed, before giving instructions to the girls on how they should restrain her.

Whilst uncuffing her arms and then tying them behind her back, Rachel noticed the pacifier that was in Kaitlyn’s mouth as well.

“Damn, what a cute pacifier, she put that in willingly?” She asked.

Jenny then simply laughed and showed her the video she’d recorded earlier.

“Aww, how innocent! I guess today’ll consist of many first times for her” she laughed, eyeing up Jenny’s supplies, and finishing up her tying.

Meanwhile at the other end of Kaitlyn’s near naked body, Sarah and Jenny bent her knees, parted them wide, and then tied the rope around her in a way that kept them spread that way.

The way they’d now got her tied up meant that they had more freedom to move her around. It also meant that when they finally let all of Kaitlyn’s body be seen that they’d get a nice view from every angle.

“That’ll do it girls, now she’s ready for her naked debut!” Jenny laughed.

“Aw, how precious! I can’t wait to see her goodies” giggled one of the other girls.

“Me too, I bet they’re gross!” joked the other.

“Wanna bet on what it’s like?” Asked Rachel, feeling a warmth below as her sadistic side was loving this. The others felt the same of course. They probably couldn’t wait to share the footage with each other later to use for their own...personal means.

“Haha, sure. I bet she has a little coin slot!” laughed Jenny, picturing her idea of the naked girl in her head.

“Nah, it’s probably all droopy!” Laughed the girl who thought it’d be gross.

“Probably got one lip much bigger than the other,” the other girl laughed.

“I’m tired of waiting, let’s wake the baby up!” demanded Sarah.

“How? Splash her with some water?” asked one of the other girls.

“We could do that...” started Jenny, her smile turning again to a menacing grin, “or, I have a better idea.”

Jenny then opened one of the bathroom stalls and nodded to Rachel and Sarah, who instantly understood and began to drag Kaitlyn towards the stall.

“Actually hold on a second” she said, closing the stall door on herself as the other girls held Kaitlyn’s body just outside.

The sound of a zipper being undone, and then a stream of liquid could be heard, and then the zipper again.

A few moments later, Jenny reopened the door, “okay now it’s perfect” she said smiling, and the other girls laughed.

“Time to wake up, little baby!” Sarah and Rachel said in unison as they pushed the girls head down into the toilet bowl... 


[PART 8]

As her head was dunked into the mixture of toilet water, urine, and whatever other fowl liquids were mixed in with the two, Kaitlyn quickly jolted awake. She wanted to scream out but the dildo/pacifier kept her silenced. Instead she tried to thrash around, but not only were the girls’ still gripping her tightly, but she realised both her arms and her knees were now bound tightly, making her virtually immobile.

Jenny decided simply soaking her wasn’t enough, and pulled the handle to flush the toilet whilst she was in it. The torrent of liquids swirled around Kaitlyn’s trapped head, soaking her face and hair entirely, leaving her soaked in not just her own, but now Jenny’s and probably many others’ piss.

After the toilet eventually finished flushing, the girls holding Kaitlyn simply threw her down onto the floor, where she landed flat on her back, her legs forced apart with the rope, and her bare tits on full display, unable to be covered.

“Aww, did you enjoy your nap time, wittle baby?” asked Rachel, who Kaitlyn had only just noticed had joined the other girls. She wanted to reply with anger but the gag kept her silenced.

“I hope she did, because now that she’s awake we can continue where we left off!” Laughed Jenny, holding the scissors up again. “Let’s not give you any chance to get out of things this time either!” She glared at Kaitlyn, and then with very little pause went straight for her panties.

With a couple quick snips and a sharp yank, Jenny rid the poor girl of her last remaining shred of clothing. Kaitlyn was now as naked as the day she was born and tied up and bared for all the girls to see. Her hair and face were soaked in other people’s urine, and the area between her legs was soaked in her own.

Due to the position Jenny had made sure the other’s had tied the ropes in, Kaitlyn’s thighs were nicely parted and her pussy was easily visible - even with the thick, wet hair that somewhat covered her mound. Jenny had been right in her guess at the girl’s type. Kaitlyn did indeed have what most would consider a “coin slot”. Her inner lips were neatly folded inside and her outer lips were smooth and kept the more private regions of her sex from being seen without interaction. Similar to the rest of her, it was small, and undoubtedly tight.

Jenny was actually disappointed that she’d been correct in all honesty. Kaitlyn’s pussy was nicer than most girls and it didn’t leave much in the way of teasing her about it. She almost wished her own had looked like that, or at least still looked more like it, not that she wasn’t happy with her own, but she regretted how loose she’d been in recent years. Regardless, she took no time in snapping more pictures of the girls exposed little pussy, making sure she also got some nice full body shots of the bound, naked girl.

“Damn, what a pretty pussy you have, baby!” Sarah laughed, “I bet the guys in our class would love to see that!” She teased.

Kaitlyn’s eyes began to well with tears again as she was forced to display her most private area to the girls who tormented her. She desperately didn't want anyone seeing those photos either. She’d be a laughing stock, everyone would think she was a whore, she’d never be able to return to class!

It didn’t help that the juices left behind from her earlier accident had coated her pussy and made it glisten under the ceiling lights. It was Rachel who decided to torment her about this.

“Damn, she must be enjoying this, look how wet it is!” She laughed.

“N-n! Ss cs uh pd!” Moaned Kaitlyn, through her gagged mouth. She’d tried to argue that it was only because she’d peed herself, but in the end it came out as gibberish. It also wasn’t necessarily true. Being exposed and bullied by the 5 girls had been having an unexpected affect on her body. There was a burning warmth between her own legs too, and she had been wet with not just her own piss for a while now.

“Aww, is that true, little baby?” mocked one of the other girls, “do you like showing off your little pussy like a slut?!” she shouted, before slapping Kaitlyn’s exposed pussy harshly.

Kaitlyn let out a sharp yelp that could be somewhat heard even with her gag in, causing the other girls to simply laugh.

“I bet she fantasises about getting naked and showing everyone her tiny tits and her tight little pussy!” Taunted Jenny, taking a nice position between the bound girl’s legs and capturing it more closely.

“I bet she’s all show and no give, though!” laughed one of the other girls.

“Hey, nothing wrong with that!” Rachel glared at her. Despite bullying Kaitlyn alongside them, Rachel ironically still believed in maintaining her own purity until she was ready.

“Sorry, Rach, you’re right...” the other girl mumbled.

“It’s fine, but we can at least check for ourselves” Rachel grinned, nodding back at her.

“You’re right, let’s have a look at how innocent the little baby is!” smirked Sarah.

Kaitlyn could do nothing but simply wail through her gag as she feared what the girls planned for her next.

“Now get ready to open wide, cutie!” grinned Jenny, “and don’t worry, this’ll be better than any dentist visit!” She laughed, as she slowly took both her thumbs and used them to gently begin to open up Kaitlyn’s outer folds.

“Nnnn! Nn pl!” Kaitlyn moaned through her gag, both in fear and in shock at the girl touching her sensitive, most private regions.

As Jenny began to part Kaitlyn’s lips, she made sure that Sarah took over recording every second of the naked girl’s exposure. More and more of Kaitlyn’s sex became exposed as Jenny parted her first set of lips as much as possible. Kaitlyn’s clitoral area began to expose itself, and her inner lips began to glisten more visibly as the light hit them.

“Damn, it’s like those ocean diving documentaries” one of the other girls laughed, as Jenny took her time to slowly torture their victim.

As Jenny’s fingers worked their magic in exposing Kaitlyn’s pussy to them, the area itself began to become excited in response to the sensations of Jenny’s touch. Kaitlyn’s tiny clit began to harden and appear from within its confines, causing Kaitlyn to shudder slightly whenever Jenny’s fingers went near it.

“Aww, she is enjoying it!” Jenny laughed as she started to notice this, and now would more deliberately go out of her way to brush her fingers against Kaitlyn’s sensitive little bud. Around the 7th or 8th time brushing against it, she noticed her fingers were getting coated in not just the remains of Kaitlyn’s earlier accident, but in newly formed juices as well.

“Damn! She’s really enjoying it!” Jenny pulled her fingers back in disgust, “What a fucking slut!” She shouted, staring at Kaitlyn. She then took no time in reaching her fingers in only a tiny bit more and spreading her pussy open properly so that the girls, and the camera, could peer inside it.

“Damn, I guess she really is an unused slut!” laughed the smaller of the other girls.

“Guess she hasn’t had what she really craves just yet!” mocked the other, giggling as she schemed.

It was true of course, but that didn’t make it hurt any less to Kaitlyn, who was balling again as her tight pussy was fully exposed to everyone. She hadn’t ever had sex, nor had her own fingers even entered her. She preferred to just rub against herself for the most part. Jenny’s fingers were the only thing close to penetration she’d ever experienced. And as she thought about this it became reality.

Without warning, Jenny slid two of her long fingers slightly further into Kaitlyn’s spread hole and began to rub slowly against her. Kaitlyn began to squeal under her gag as her legs shook slightly.

“Aww look, she’s enjoying herself!” The girls laughed. Jenny then placed her thumb over Kaitlyn’s exposed clit, noticing how sensitive it was earlier, and began to circle it carefully, pressing down on it occasionally as if it were a button.

Sarah recorded Kaitlyn’s latest violation in detail as Jenny played with her. “You’d better give us a nice reward for playing with you, baby” she laughed, looking down at Kaitlyn’s face, which was now a mixture of both pain and pleasure as Jenny knew exactly how to toy with her. She must’ve had a lot of experience.

“Oh don’t worry, she knows by now that if she doesn’t behave then we can always make it worse!” said Jenny, with a mocking, yet serious, tone in her voice... 


[PART 9]

As Jenny continued to play with Kaitlyn’s exposed little pussy, the poor girl’s legs began to shake as her muffled squeals grew louder. She didn’t want to, but Kaitlyn was desperate to cum and her body was openly betraying her desires as her juices dripped out of her, as well as soaking Jenny’s long fingers.

As Jenny began to notice Kaitlyn’s pretty hole tightening suddenly around her, she quickly moved her hand away and denied the poor girl her release.

“Nuh-uh! I don’t remember saying you could cum for us, slut!” She laughed, watching as Kaitlyn’s soft lips, which were now very flushed, throbbed and her slightly gaping hole pulsed before slowly beginning to close again.

The other girls had a somewhat unobstructed view but they wanted more. They wanted her shame completely visible and so Sarah slowly went digging in Jenny’s bag once more.

“She’s got a lot of hair down there for a baby!” she mocked.

“I agree, babies need to keep tidy or else they’ll be mistaken for an actual person!” sneered one of the other girls, showing just how much they thought of Kaitlyn.

As Sarah approached Kaitlyn with the razor and cream, tears began to form in the poor girl’s eyes once more and her moans of pleasure returned to squeals of fear.

Kaitlyn shivered as the cold cream was slowly spread over her pubic hair, and then again as the cold metal of the razor was teasingly pressed against her by Sarah.

“Don’t worry, we’ll get you nicely tidied up!” laughed Rachel as she filmed Sarah begin to shave the poor girl’s last remaining proof of adulthood.

As Sarah finished shaving her, she slowly slid a finger into Kaitlyn’s still dripping hole to see if Jenny was exaggerating the girl’s desperation or not.

“God she’s soaked! You love being toyed with, slut?” She laughed at Kaitlyn as she rubbed her soaked finger on the girls now bare pubic mound.

“Now, little baby, we’re gonna have even more fun, and if you behave I might let you have what you need!” Jenny grinned as she slowly slid her hand across Kaitlyn’s slit, causing her to moan once more. Jenny then pulled out Kaitlyn’s phone which she’d taken earlier and demanded the passcode.

“Mmm!!” Was all Kaitlyn could muster through her gag though.

“Now, I still think you need to keep quiet, so here’s how this is gonna work. Simply tell us the four digits with your fingers, little one!” Jenny demanded again.

Kaitlyn couldn’t let the girl access her phone. She couldn’t give the girls access to her contacts, her apps, her... her gallery. Most of what was in there was innocent, but not everything, and she feared what the girls would add to it as well. This line of thought led to her making the terrible decision to just make up four numbers. She slowly put up four digits with her fingers for Jenny to enter.

Of course, Jenny immediately saw that the digits were wrong and glared at the defiant girl.

“Right, so despite being in such an unfavourable position, the slutty baby has decided she’ll remain a liar...” she sighed, walking back over to her bag. She then returned back to Kaitlyn with a blindfold and secured it around her so that she now couldn’t see.

“Right, let’s try that again or you won’t be happy!” she shouted at the now blinded girl.

Kaitlyn, thinking Jenny had nothing left for her and that the blindfold was a weak effort, decided to give another wrong set of numbers.

“Fucking bitch!” Jenny screamed at her. She then walked back over to her bag and pulled out two things.

Unable to see what was happening, Kaitlyn now realised she may have made a mistake. Why did she try to defy them again? She was completely at their mercy and yet she had decided to anger them more? As she felt Jenny pouring a cold, liquid substance between her thighs she began to realise her mistake even further.

“Last chance, whore!” Jenny demanded, slowly beginning to run something against Kaitlyn’s exposed pussy. Upon feeling something against her, Kaitlyn finally decided to give in. She had no idea what it was but she didn’t want to find out either. She help up her fingers again with the correct passcode this time.

“See, that wasn’t so hard was it?” Jenny smiled, and then shoved about half of the dildo she’d been holding into Kaitlyn’s tight little hole, causing the poor girl to squeal in pain. “It’s a shame it took you so long though, stupid!”

Rachel then removed the poor girl’s blindfold to reveal the girls tear stricken face. Kaitlyn glanced down between her legs and saw the bright pink toy inside of her. It had hurt when first shoved into her, having not taken anything even remotely as big or as deep before, but now her vagina was tightening around it and slowly feeling somewhat better.

“Say cheese!” Jenny laughed as she pointed the poor girl’s own phone at her exposed breasts and took a picture. “There goes your passcode, and there’s your new Face ID!” She laughed, showing the naked girl a photo of her tiny breasts. “You’d better not change it anytime soon!”

Jenny then sat down beside the bound, naked girl and held onto the dildo inside of her as she began to look through Kaitlyn’s phone. As she skimmed through, she would twist and pull back and forth on the toy, much to both Kaitlyn’s pleasure and discomfort. “You sure take a lot of boring pics, baby, it’s almost not worth even having access to-” Jenny cut herself off as she found Kaitlyn’s hidden folder in her gallery. She then told the other girls to come take a look, and the 5 of them laughed together at what they saw in there.

Kaitlyn hadn’t actually ever sent any of these photos to anyone, but she’d taken several nude photos over the last year to try and get used to the idea if she were ever to want to send them to someone. Most were pretty vanilla, just her showing off her body, or just her underwear even, but some had her on her knees with her ass up, one with her legs spread in front of a mirror, one of her sucking on a banana like it was a cock. The worst though was the one of her completely naked, her legs spread wide apart and her fingers opening her pussy as wide as she could with her tongue out and her eyes rolled back, the classic ahegao face she’s seen on TikTok and elsewhere. The girls burst into even more laughter at seeing that one.

“Damn, she really is a slut!” laughed Rachel. “I wonder if she’s sent them to anyone!” She laughed, looking at the naked girls crying face once more.

“Ooh lets look at her Snapchat!” Suggested one of the other girls. “I wanna see what guys she talks to!”

The girls then looked through the naked girls Snapchat contacts but saw that most of them were other girls they didn’t even know, or family.

“Boring!” Sighed Jenny, as she pushed the dildo into the poor girl a little deeper. “Guess no guy would wanna talk to a baby like her anyway!”

“I dunno, why don’t we check?” laughed Sarah. Kaitlyn’s eyes welled up with fear at what that could mean.

“All in good time!” Jenny laughed, and grinned menacingly at the naked girl. She then handed the phone to Sarah. “Right, time to film another nice clip!” She laughed, nodding at Rachel to film her again as she took hold of the dildo and began to pump it back and forth faster inside of her.

Kaitlyn began to squeal and moan beneath her gag again as she felt the pleasure within her pussy building again. Jenny then stopped again and laughed at the poor girl as her face began to look desperate. She needed to cum, she was desperate, even though she hated the situation so much and wanted to die. She’d never felt anything like this before. Sure she’d came before, but not from a dildo, not from any sort of penetration at all for that matter. Her innocence was gone now but she still desperately craved release. Maybe she was a masochist after all.

“I’m gonna take that gag out now, baby. If you protest then we’ll replace it with something worse. But if you do as I say then you don’t have to worry about that okay?” Jenny asked, hoping they’d surely broken the girl at this point and she’s stop resisting.

Kaitlyn simply nodded as Jenny pulled the pacifier/dildo gag out of her, drool dripping down from it as Kaitlyn began to cough loudly.

“Now, tell me exactly what you want and I’ll give it to you!” Jenny said sternly as she began to pump the dildo back and forth again.

“I-I want- I want to cum...” Kaitlyn mumbled.

“Louder!” Jenny demanded, pushing the dildo further into her and causing Kaitlyn to squeal loudly.

“Mmm! I want to cum!” Kaitlyn shouted.

“You can do better!” Jenny laugher, as she felt Kaitlyn’s pussy grip the dildo tightly.

“Please let me cum!!!” Kaitlyn shouted, moaning like a pornstar as she came closer and closer to release.

“Hmmm, how about no.” Jenny laughed as she pulled the dildo out of her completely and stepped away from the horny girl.

“No! No!! Fuck you!” Kaitlyn cried again. As she did, there was a sudden knocking at the bathroom door. Jenny looked towards Sarah who simply nodded back at her, tossing Kaitlyn’s phone back toward her.

“That was pretty rude, baby! We’ll have to silence you again in a second. Luckily we have something more... exciting... to fill your mouth with now,” she laughed, as she gave Kaitlyn’s ass a quick and sharp spank and then nodded to one of the other girls to open the door.

As Kaitlyn looked up from her bound position on the floor to the doorway, her heart sunk even further and her eyes filled up with fear as her pussy continued to drip and throb, completed exposed to the 3 boys who stood in the entrance way. As her gaze met theirs, menacing looks formed on their faces and Kaitlyn began to scream... 



